Nov 24 2009 	Really great hotel in a super location	Our family just returned from a three night stay at the Omni. The Omni is a really nice suite-style hotel. The suite was very clean and simply decorated. Having the two rooms with actual doors that closed between the rooms was very handy. We never felt on top of one another. We went to the hotel restaurant, 676, which was great. All of the staff---front desk, bell staff, concierge, housekeeping just couldn't have been friendlier. Honestly, that was probably the nicest part of the hotel. I voted the value down a little bit, because the cost of valet parking was so high at $49/night. It's been a couple of years since we were in Chicago...but $49 seems pretty high. One thing that I would vote to change if anyone asked...add another kid-friendly channel (Disney Channel or Cartoon Disney) to the cable TV line-up. Sometimes Cartoon Network and Nickelodeon aren't very appealing to the younger kids. We love Chicago and the kids are already asking when we can go back. So much to do...so little time!	
Nov 22 2009 	Yet another Good Omni experience - though rooms almost dated.	Having enjoyed Omni stays in LA, Dallas and New Orleans it was an easy decision to book and get the Amex weekend-arrival rate for $150 per night. A reasonable deal in that useful place to base - the part of town on North Michigan where all the usual bland upscale stuff are the neighbours: Nordstrom and so on. To enter the hotel you take an elevator from ground level to floor three where there is check-in. Right from the off it was the good Omni service thing: polite and friendly people who keep their individuality - they seem to select people for who they are rather than turn them into customer-fearing smiling robots. And I like that. I asked for and got a slight upgrade to a corner room. Join their Select Guest programme and all this stuff is easy to sort out - and it also gets you free wifi and an item of clothing pressed for free as well as a daily bland morning juice (from concentrate) and a newspaper. Except the no-point-to-it-watered-juice it's all very useful.The place is all suites. And the first impression of the room was good - clean, well-appointed (coffee/tea-maker, DVD player, two TVs, desk, sofa-bed, CD-playing alarm clock) but it felt like the bed was in the wrong place. And the ceiling felt low. I felt a bit like I was in a garage. A comfortable garage though. Nice fabrics, clean, comfortable bed, decent linens, all the usual stuff - marble bathroom and nice lighting throughout.Anyway I got to like the suite with its separating doors between the 'bedroom' and study/sofa/mini-kitchen area as I was there for a week.. My only two reservations: firstly I could hear the conversation in neighbouring rooms absolutely clearly through the walls and adjoining doors. The way to fix that was to close all the doors to the bedroom and the noise levels were much better. Secondly the layout feels dated. Not the fabrics, but subtle things like the doors and the layout.But then, hand in hand with the architectural layout being dated, the great thing is that the windows open. And to me that is a mega-bonus. The chance to clear out the room-cleaning chemicals as well as get a breeze was perfect. So you cannot have everything.The Omni was perfect for my needs which was to be in the room quite a lot working on the laptop and heading out a lot by cab into different neighbourhoods in the day and evening. And so the location is ideal (but then all the big ones there are ideal too) as it is half an hour south to Hyde Park and the Southside and all that and more or less equidistant to Lakeview to the bars and stuff like Kingston Mines, to the Theaters like Steppenwolf and all that. I visited the gym on floor 5 twice. And like the rooms the place is just looking as if it is a tiny tiny bit tired and ready for renovation. It's nothing serious. There were enough running and cross-training machines for everyone while I was there and there are also a couple of balls, some freeweights. I didn't use the pool or the restaurant but had room service dinner one evening which was an OK chicken casear salad. Nothing extraordinary. Nearby you have deep-dish pizza restaurants (a lot of them) and I tried Giordano's and it was fine. There is also a Trader Joe's and a useful Whole Foods with buffet salads, pizza slices and other bits a few blocks away on the same street. And it's five minutes walk to the Hanckock building with it's fantastic view. And there's a Cheesecake Factory at the base of the same building so that's a bonus of sorts.	
Nov 12 2009 	Great for young 	We spent 4 nights at the Omni to celebrate my mother's birthday. We were traveling with our 2 year old &amp; chose the Omni for it's family friendly reputation. We were very pleased. We got a great rate through the hotel's own website--less than $200/night for a primo Gold Coast location. Here's a point by point: Cleanliness--no problem here. The rooms were neat, clean &amp; stocked with abundant linens &amp; delightful bath salts (nice if you're a bath salt type).Location: Fantastic! About 1 mile to Millenium Park. We had beautiful weather &amp; walked a lot.Rooms: The rooms are all suites, which is great if you have a toddler in a crib. Would have given a 5th star, but from our corner room on the 25th floor, we could hear the service elevator all night. We didn't notify the staff, so I really have no right to complain, but next time I'll request a room away from the elevators.Service: The Omni's real strength is the staff. Everyone we interacted with was warm, friendly, professional &amp; dedicated. The concierge, Amiri, proved to be an invaluable resource for us Chicago newbies. The restaurant staff were professional and very knowledgeable about their products. Everyone doted on our two year old son &amp; the Omni Kids gift pack (plastic toys) kept him well entertained. A woman in the lobby greeted my husband with a bottle of water when he returned from a morning run.I gave 5 stars because the staff was excellent, but not perfect. Cake and champagne the concierge graciously arranged for my mother was sent to our room instead (oops!). The front desk had me sign a form for a &quot;fit kit&quot; that was apparently delivered to my room &amp; for which I would be charged $160 if I didn't return it. It turned out that it was never delivered. This situation was immediately and easily resolved with 1 phone call.Value: We felt we got a great deal. My mother &amp; her husband were very happy &amp; comfortable in their room. We loved having the restaurant, with it's variety of excellent, well-prepared fare right downstairs. We joined the &quot;select guest&quot; program &amp; had complimentary &quot;good&quot; coffee delivered to our rooms in the morning (The Wolfgang Puck coffee pods provided in the room are swill). The &quot;select guest&quot; is well worth joining (free!) if you want to use Wi-Fi ($9.95/day if you aren't a member, free if you are) or have good beverages to wake up to.The Omni was a great &quot;home base&quot; for our museum trips. We aren't really shoppers, but if we were, the Omni would be located in paradise. Happily recommend it for family getaways.	
Oct 30 2009 	Great value on Michigan Avenue	Great location and great value. The lobby and common areas are very nice. I had a deluxe room which was excellent. The bedding was terrific and the room had every amenity I would want. The front desk staff was decent but not great. The bell staff was wonderful--polite, efficient and helpful! The room service was some of the best I have experienced.	
Oct 19 2009 	The Perfect Hotel!!!	This hotel is absolutely beautiful! They even upgraded upon arrival! Loved the wetbar and snacks in the suite! I will definitely be staying here again!	
Oct 18 2009 	Great Hotel	Just like the other OMNI's I've stayed at - NY and LA - the Omni Chicago is top notch! The staff was wonderful, and the room was awesome. Very spacious, clean, and comfortable. Plus, I can't say enough about the OMNI pref guest program. Even the restaurant wasn't bad. Plus, the location can't be beat. It's within walking distance of everything!	
Oct 17 2009 	Omni Has It All!!!	I planned a surprise trip to Chicago to celebrate our anniversary and my husband's birthday. I spent HOURS researching hotels (so many to choose from!) and am so glad we ended up at the Omni. The location is ideal, we were given a corner suite on the 25th (top) floor, and the staff took excellent care of us. There was a discrepancy in what the hotel showed as our rate and what came through on an e-mail from centralized reservations, and Mohammed and Jewel at the front desk graciously honored the lesser amount. The Omni's Select Guest Program is true marketing genius. It was so nice to return to our room each morning from the fitness center and have coffee, juice and our favorite newspaper waiting for us. We stopped by the Concierge Desk several times, and found everyone very helpful. The Omni does a great job of offering all the perks of a large, glitzy hotel but with the personalized service of a smaller, boutique type property. Jared printed our boarding passes when we were computer challenged, and Jennifer generously had a bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries waiting for us when we arrived. We now consider ourselves Omni &quot;groupies&quot; and changed our hotel to the Omni Parker House when we visit our daughter next month for Thanksgiving. We are also going to stay at the Omni San Francisco when we stay overnight in the city in a few weeks.	
Oct 14 2009 	Friends Retreat	Hotel was beautiful. We had 2 queen beds &amp; Sofa bed Suite It was expensive,but location! location! Great views from room!Everyone was super polite &amp; helpful! Breakfast was expensive,so we ate our meals other places. We also had to pay $49.00 for vallet parking overnight &amp; the tips. But sharing the expenses it wasn't too bad. Tray of snacks in room was also to expensive (candy bar,gum,water, etc)So we passed on those! But loved our room!	
Oct 13 2009 	THE BEST HOTEL IN CHICAGO!	What can I say? Each time I stay at the Omni Chicago, I think to myself, &quot;WOW, it can't get any better than this.&quot; And it DOES! We celebrated our 31st wedding anniversary at the Hotel. When the staff found out, they sent up some very, very nice surprises for us. We were just spoiled rotten the whole time we were there. We were treated like royalty.We stayed in one of the Governor's Suites. It was very spacious, very clean, and tastefully decorated. All rooms are suites with a TV in the living room, and one in the bedroom. The Omni is right on Michigan Avenue where you are just steps away from shopping and restaurants. As a Select Guest Member, my husband and I received a pot of coffee, juice and newspaper each morning, at the time chosen by us. If you choose to stay at the Omni, you might want to consider joining their Select Guest Program. It is free and there are so many amenities included. You get your choice of high floor/low floor, near the elevator/away from the elevator, and so much more.When I joined I received a 50% off coupon for a weekend stay. I also received another coupon for an upgrade. And, of course you receive the coffee, juice and newspaper delivered to your door in the morning at no charge. I want to thank the whole staff at the Omni Chicago for making our stay so perfect! You're the best!	
Oct 12 2009 	Great location. Service just ok.	My husband and I booked a romantic getaway for my birthday. With six kids, it has been nearly ten years since we had a weekend to ourselves. My husband called the hotel ahead of time to ask about doing something special for me, like wine or flowers. Two different employees couldn't help and repeatedly put him on hold until he eventually hung up. His secretary called back the next day and she had more success, but the hotel didn't fulfill its promises.The location is terrific, very convenient. The room was nice, but you still could hear city traffic on the 23rd floor. I used to live in Chicago, so that doesn't really bother me. What was troublesome were the loud and drunk guests slamming doors and cursing in the hallway for a couple of hours in the middle of the night. I called the front desk and security did make a cursory visit to the rowdy rooms. He did not come back and check to see if the groups had quieted down (they didn't for some time). In addition, a room service waiter was up an down the floor at least three times during their craziness. He didn't ask them to quiet down or contact the front desk. I would say that the Omni failed to deliver on its promise of zero tolerance for disturbing the guests. I wouldn't go back.	
Oct 11 2009 	Service location smiles	This hotel is in an excellent location, in the middle of shopping, and close to things of interest like John Hancock observatory, Navy Pier, etc. Right on bus line, and a few blocks from nearest train/ metro station. Restaurants, shopping everywhere. The most noticable aspect of this hotel is the staff. Every single staff member we encountered greated us with a smile, and a willingness to help, no matter what. We had signed up for select guest status before arrival and the select guest coordinator met us upon check in and escorted us to our room to make sure everything we requested was there. We mentioned it was our anniversary, and the coordinator later delivered champagne, and chocolate covered strawberry's to our room.I think that any guest at this hotel will be treated with the same level of service and courtesy by all staff members, regardless of whether or not you signed up as a select guest, which really makes the stay enjoyable. We had a corner suite which had a great wrap around view on the 21st floor. Highly recommend this type of room. Bed was extermely comfortable. One note though, there is a trauma center nearby, so you can hear emergency vehicles on occasion. I will say that if you want to stay in the heart of the action that noise from the street and traffic shouldn't be a suprise. It's part of the excitement of a big city, at least in my opinion. We ate at Devon (seafood), Rosebud (italian), Bistro 110 (french, and &quot;RL&quot; (steaks) all close by within walking distance. Would recommend every one!	
Oct 8 2009 	LOCATION ... LOCATION ... LOCATION	I just returned from a trip to the city with my 15 year old daughter and her friends. The staff at Omni was wonderful and the location is fabulous. We were able to walk to shopping and dining. We went to Zombie Fest on Navy Pier and watched the fireworks on Saturday night. A great time was had by all.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent	Great staff. Excellent room, large, with a nice bathroom. Perfect location. Will definitely come back.	
Oct 7 2009 	Nice place front desk unresponsive - why go back?	We stayed at the Omni with 3 teenagers in Sept, 2009.I very clearly requested adjoining rooms and the front desk confirmed this at check in. The rooms were not connected, however, and when I pointed out that the word adjoining means connected, the front desk manager told me that in this hotel, that is not what the word means, so I had no reason to expect it to be so. She then assured me that the rooms were next to each other (adjacent), but not connected (adjoining, as she acknowledged we had requested). On arrival to our assigned floor we were disappointed to find that the rooms were not connected and not next to each other, they were on opposite sides of the hall. When I brought this to the attention of the front desk staff, the reply was, essentially, &quot;too bad.&quot; There was no attempt to make it right or otherwise satisfy us. This is quite a contrast to other hotels of similar grade where when a mistake was discovered, I received a quick apology (instead of a foolish argument) and a token offer (rather than &quot;too bad&quot;). Finally, I did receive an email from the Omni inviting my comments after our stay. I sent in the above and promptly received another email thanking me and &quot;you will receive a response in 48 hours.&quot; That was a month ago. Location is good, rooms were clean and there are plenty of equivalent hotels with better service within walking distance. We stayed at the Sheraton around the block a couple of years ago and had better service; we didn't return because the Omni was closer to a family gathering this time. We'll walk the extra block and avoid the Omni in the future.	
Oct 6 2009 	We were a bit disappointed with the hotel	The hotel's location was not bad, we were within walking distance to the Navy Pier, stores and restaurants. However, we found that the hotel wasn't as upscale we hoped it be. The air conditioning lacked in the hallways and the rugs looked liked they hadn't been shampooed in a while; which made waiting for the elevator stuffy &amp; unpleasant. The bathroom and decor was contemporary in style throughout, and the room was comfortable; the overall stay was okay but I might look into another hotel the next time we're in town. 	
Oct 3 2009 	Fantastic Stay in Chicago	My husband and I had a wonderful stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel. I had contacted the customer service representative prior to our stay to request a quiet suite. When we arrived, she greeted us and confirmed that we were getting exactly what I had requested--and more. Our suite had a partial view of the lake!!! And, we were able to check in early.The service at this hotel is incredible. Everyone made us feel welcome and took care to respond to any question or request that we had.The suite was very quiet even though we were on the east side of the hotel, very near to Michigan Avenue. Housekeeping was prompt and thorough. We really couldn't have asked for a better hotel. We will definitely stay there on future trips to Chicago and will recommend this hotel to anyone who travels there.	
Sep 28 2009 	Excellent Customer Service and Accomodations	My husband and I stayed in a suite with another couple for his birthday. The suite was spacious, modern, comfortable and clean. The big bathroom was a plus and I loved the travertine tiles (I think) on the tub walls/floors.The location is perfect. Close to everything. We never paid for one taxi ride used our car because everything was within walking distance or we took the train. I also loved the valet parking. It made checking in/out so easy in the heart of downtown.It's the customer service that really sets this hotel above the rest. From the bell boy to the person that answered the telephone upon check out, we encountered knowledgeable, friendly staff that seemed like they enjoyed making our stay wonderful. A special thank you to the staff members (Katie and ?) that sent the decadent chocolate dessert to my husband for his birthday. It's those little things that go a long way.	
Sep 24 2009 	Location Location Location!	I took my mom to The Omni Hotel in Chicago. It is in the heart of Michigan Avenue! If you are a shopper and want to have THE BEST location for the Magnificent Mile THIS is the place to stay! You can easily walk to either end of Michigan Ave from this location. Right across the street was The Apple Store, Garmin, Nike Town, down a block was American Girl Place, Neiman Marcus plus a million other stores. The other way was Nordstrom, Grand Luxe Cafe, H&amp;M... a million more shops. We were there 6 days and I TRIED to get to all of them but couldn't do it! Maybe if I stayed a month?! Our room was nice and clean but the first morning I was awakened by heavy excavating equipment building a hotel next door. Be sure you ask for a room on the opposite side of the building! We were happily moved and all was right with the world. Everyone at the hotel was very nice. I used the fitness center a couple times. It has 3 treadmills, 2 bikes and 2 elypticals. I think there were some free weights and a couple weight machines. The indoor pool was cute but must be accessed through the fitness center bathrooms so there was a pretty steady stream of loud kids and people exploring. I LOVED the Loggia off of the fitness center! The weather was beautiful and they had a few loungers out there so you could relax and nap in the refreshing breeze. One of our best meals was a block away at Rosebuds on Rush. It was great Italian food, Huge portions, a great wait staff and a nice ambiance. The 2 elevators are not a problem. It never took more than a few seconds for an elevator to come. Check in (Hotel Desk) is on the 3rd floor. The restaurant is on 4. We had breakfast here each day and it was great! The breakfast buffet is the best value. If they don't have it set up tell them you want to order the buffet to the table and they will bring you all of the selections you want that is offered on their buffet! You don't have to get up, they just keep bringing what you ask for! PLUS we always sat by the window with a great view of Michigan Ave. Great &quot;people watching&quot; location.The rooms have a nice wet bar with a coffee maker. We ordered up a mini refrigerator for $10/day. Not bad if you need/want to store some food. There is a great Grocery Store (Trader Vic's) about 2 blocks away from the hotel. Lots of gourmet and organic selections. Be sure to get online and join the Omni's club! You will get free wireless internet everyday, 2 complimentary beverages delivered each morning with the newspaper of your choice plus several other perks!I don't know about a business center but I saw a computer on the 4th floor that looked like a public access computer but there was never anyone on it!?This hotel was a great value! For this location on Michigan ave. I only paid $159/nt and it included $150 in food vouchers!	
Sep 20 2009 	Lovely Hotel	We arrived at the Omni on 2nd September for a 6 day stay. I took ill when I left the plane after travelling from Manchester so I saw more of the room than I anticipated. I couldn't go out for 4 days.The room was spacious and clean. The bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was large and very clean. What more could you ask.We had coffee and juice left outside our door every morning at the time we requested.I managed to go to the 5th floor to see the sun terrace (outside the gym) Having a sun terrace in a city hotel is a great idea but the terrace was a bit grim. A few sunbeds on a concrete floor. There was also noise from an air conditioning unit. It could do with a bit of cheering up.What I saw of Chicago was very pleasing, it has something for everyone.Would I go back to the Omni? yes I would.	
Sep 12 2009 	Great Location	At the last minute, a friend and I decided to go to Chicago for the Labor Day weekend. We chose the Omni for our 4 day stay since the hotel had a good online rate. The Omni is comfortable and clean but the layout of the facility is a bit awkward. (we never did find the 5th floor pool). The bathroom is nice and there is alot of storage in the bedroom, but the bedroom itself is a bit tight for two double beds. Being a preferred guest I was offered free morning beverages and the option to have two items of clothing pressed. I used both benefits, but was charged for the pressing. The representative who checked us in did not have a clue. She completely botched our room payment; she charged my credit card for the full stay as well as my companion's. She also charges an additional $150 for incidentals. The morning of check-out, customer service rep Megan informed me that her colleague made a mistake on our room payment and she promptly corrected both the double payment and laundry charge. For the price Omni was sufficient and the location would be hard to beat, but if we return to Chicago I think we'll try the suites at Trump Tower.	
Sep 11 2009 	Just can't fault the place	Having stayed at many hotels downtown, the Omni has to be the best, location, comfort and a great welcome. The suite was perfect for us on an extended Labor Day weekend, the knowledge of the Concierge was tried and tested over and over. Being a select guest, Coffee was delivered each morning without fail (he NEEDS his coffee). Everything we needed was right on our doorstep and it was like returning home each day. We could go on and on. All I can personally say is Stay at the Omni....you WON'T regret it.	
Sep 7 2009 	Awesome - I definitely recommend!	We just returned from a 5-day stay at the Omni, and our expectations were definitely exceeded. When we arrived, the doorman immediately took our luggage/carseats/baby gear, which is substantial when you are on a 2-week trip with an 18-month old and a 4-year old. When we walked up to the front desk, the woman immediately greeted us by name! She gave each of our kids their own little backpack filled with toys and goodies for their trip. They were just thrilled.We ordered room service that night, and it was delicious -- we had the sausage pizza for only $18, and it was huge and delicious -- enough for dinner and leftovers for lunch the following day. Room service called an hour and a half later to make sure that the food was to our liking, and that our dishes had been picked up (WOW). The next morning my husband took the kids to speak with Melissa, the concierge on duty that morning...she was AMAZING! She not only was a wealth of information, but incredibly friendly. She also picked up that we were celebrating our anniversary, and when we returned from the Cubs game that day, a piece of flourless chocolate cake, four chocolate covered strawberries, and Evian water was waiting for us with a handwritten card from us. We were stunned! The hotel itself is on the best part of Michigan Avenue, and is truly steps to everything, including the subway and bus service, which is clean and easy.The rest of our stay was great. There were always employees around in case we needed any information, and everyone was extremely friendly and helpful. We could not be happier. There is a construction site right next to the hotel, but it wasn't noisy and our kids love to watch the excavator work every day. I had called ahead of our arrival to have the room baby-proofed, and housekeeping told me it would be taken care of us. Unfortunately it wasn't, but it didn't out to be an issue for us. The only other possible concerns I might convey about the hotel is the lack of a small fridge (we used the mini-bar) and microwave, and the proximity to the Northwestern campus hospital (we heard a lot of ambulances at night). Again, these didn't really turn out to be issues for us, and you're going to get noise anywhere you stay on the Magnificent Mile.Overall, we loved our stay and will definitely come back to the Omni. The rooms were exceptionally clean and well cared for during our stay. The staff could have been any better, and the location was perfect. Thanks for a great vacation in beautiful and fun Chicago!	
Sep 6 2009 	A Bit Disappointed	I picked this hotel solely based on the positive reviews on TA - excellent service, extra perks, friendly people, minimal problems etc. Unfortunately that was not so for my boyfriend &amp; I. We planned &amp; prepaid this trip 6-7 months ago, but it was years in the making. This was the 20th anniversary of my return to Chicago. I was moved away from my beloved home town at the age of 12 &amp; was now returning for the 1st time in 20 years to celebrate my 32nd birthday. When we prepaid 6-7 months ago, I made sure to call the hotel directly to let them know that I was a Select Guest member, I had a voucher for a free room upgrade, &amp; that this was a special occassion. I called 1 month prior &amp; 1 week prior to arrival to confirm everything &amp; I was assured that everything was set as well as me receiving a room upgrade. The plan was to have a corner room with views &amp; possibly have a special in room dinner to enjoy the views. On our day of arrival, we had 4 bags &amp; no one offered to help us. We had to haul everything into the hotel ourselves. We stood in the lobby w/ all our luggage for awhile waiting to check in only to be told check-in was on the 3rd floor - still no offer to help w/our bags. We get to check in &amp; I gave the woman our room upgrade voucher &amp; explained that we were Select Guest members &amp; she said the hotel was sold out &amp; could not upgrade us but assured us that we had an excellent room. As a Select Guest member, I had requested a room away from the elevator on a high floor. We get to our room &amp; not only are we the closest room to the elevator, our room is right next to the ice machine room. The constant sound of people getting ice as early as 6am &amp; as late as 2am was loud &amp; annoying &amp; right behind our heads as we tried to sleep. On our 2nd morning day there, I noticed we were still not recieving our morning beverages or newspaper. I called down to the front desk &amp; a very rude man explained that I should have gotten vouchers for that service at check in &amp; that there was nothing he could for us that morning. We had to wait until the following morning to receive what I had already prearranged. There were also a few times I called down to the front desk to cancel turn down service, get messages, etc only to be left on hold for 10 minutes &amp; no one ever came back on the line. I guess I'll never know what messages I had. Since I wasnt able to get in touch w/ anyone to cancel the turndown service, I let housekeeping know when they arrived that it wouldnt be necessary for that evening only for them to return 3 more times &amp; interrupt our evening. Suffice to stay, this hotel was very frustrating. The only positive about the hotel is that we were able to get a late check out, which I believe was the least they could do. Fortunately every aspect of our trip was excellent - everything we had preplanned/prepaid for went accordingly. Chicago is a fun city &amp; we will be making this an annual trip. Unfortunately, I dont think the Omni will be any part of those. Compared to the other reviews here on TA, I feel like we were treated as though we were a nuisance than as guests. There are tons of hotels in this area of Chicago so I'm sure it won't be a problem. Plus with that huge construction site that is just starting next door, I doubt this will be a peaceful place to come back to relax to. We give our trip 5 stars, but our stay at the Omni 2 stars. We never did do our special in-room dinner since we did not receieve the room we requested. We had high expectations &amp; were very much looking forward to staying here, but this not only left us disappointed, but I personally felt very very sad as well.	
Aug 30 2009 	Fell in love as soon as we stepped in to our suite	Location is perfect. Spacious. Very clean. Great view from 18th floor. There was a construction site right next door to the hotel but we never heard it. You really had to strain to look down to see it. Loved having two televisions so I did not have to watch sports highlights all morning with hubby;-) Free WiFi with select guest was priceless in helping to navigate our daily activities. Each morning we got two complimentary beverages and a newspaper of our choice. The king bed was really comfy. The bathroom was well equipped. Lots of toiletries, the extra towels we requested and great water pressure. Chairs were comfortable. Did not use the wet bar or mini bar but if we needed to it was well equipped. There were two sets of elevators to get to our room but we never had to wait more than one minute for an elevator. It felt like extra security. Staff was attentive but not smothering. Only complaint I have is that the temperature was difficult to regulate. In order for the room to stay cool the way we like it, we had to leave the fan on. The auto setting did not seem to work, or at least I couldn't work it. It is a minor complaint and is way over-shadowed by all the wonderful things. Would definately stay here again.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great hotel- don't miss this one if you are in Chicago"	My family and I just returned from a short stay at the Omni Chicago. The staff at this hotel goes above and beyond to make sure you have an enjoyable experience. Every staff person we met was helpful and had a smile on their face. I was traveling with two small children under the age of two which can be difficult at times. The hotel staff did all the little things that make traveling easier. i.e. holding the elevator as you try and load two strollers. Upon arrival my children received small backpacks with toys as a small gift which was great for my 2 year old. Each time we made a special request, like extra pillows or a crib, you received a follow-up call about 30 minutes later making sure you received everything. (Something you don't find at most hotels.)The hotel is in a fabulous location on Michigan Ave. We stayed in the Governor's Suite which was a real treat. It was one of the largest suites we have ever been in and is well worth the splurge. It makes suites at the Ritz Carlton look tiny. Overall the hotel is great in every way. I have stayed at several of the luxury hotels in Chicago (Ritz, Four Seasons, and Fairmont) and this hotel has service that is above these hotels or at least you get a genuine smile from all of the staff unlike the forced niceness you find at other luxury hotels.Save yourself some money or splurge on a larger suite at the Omni Chicago. You won't be disappointed. We will make this our new hotel in Chicago for family trips.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great location great hotel!	We just got back from a weeklong familiy vacation--family of 4 with 2 kids, ages 7 &amp; 10--and really enjoyed our stay at the Omni. The room was a good size for our family although we didn't spend much time in it aside from sleeping. The kids liked the pool and were happy to splash around each morning before heading out for the day. We all loved the free beverages that came with the Select Guest program--the kids especially liked to change it up, getting hot chocolate one morning and cranberry juice the next. The breakfast buffet at 676 was pretty good but the regular menu was better. We had a delicious room service breakfast one morning! Kids got a special &quot;kid pack&quot; when we checked in, complete with milk and cookies which was a really sweet touch. Location was great--right on the Mag Mile and about one block from the bus stop that goes right to Museum Campus (Shedd, Adler, Field) and the Museum of Science and Industry. About a 10 minute walk to the nearest Red Line subway which was very easy. Walking distance to Water Tower, John Hancock (which we could see from our window), Navy Pier, Oak Street beach, and loads of places to eat and shop. Definitely recommend it!	
Aug 27 2009 	Our stay was all that I expected from Omni Chicago - and then some!	I have been a guest at this Omni in the past and would definitely stay again in the future. I mentioned upon booking and check-in that this trip was my gift to my husband for his birthday. The evening of our arrival, we received a surprise tray &quot;from the house&quot;, arranged by Jennifer at the front desk, containing a bottle of sparkling wine, a delicious &amp; generously sized piece of bittersweet chocolate cake and a birthday card. It was such an unexpected and appreciated gesture, that I think it was the highlight of this Chicago weekend!! All staff was extremely helpful and friendly. Steve(n) was wonderful, and offered us a number of suggestions regarding neighborhoods to investigate (based on what we described as our interests) as well as the best way to get there and eateries en route. He was always right on target. We arrived at the hotel expecting to just check our bags until the room was ready due to the early arrival of our train. Instead, we were able to check-in immediately and were also granted a late check-out although we didn't need it after all upon departure. We were very pleased with every aspect of our 23rd floor room: cleanliness, spaciousness, comfort, noise level, free wifi, great shower/tub, roomy work area, complimentary morning beverages &amp; paper delivered to the room. It was well-equipped and we slept very well on the excellent mattress and pillows. My husband who usually begins his day at 5:30 a.m. at home, was able to sleep in until about 8:30 while I luxuriated in a heavenly hot mineral spa bath each morning! These are the things that will bring us back! The only reason I did not give high ratings on &quot;accuracy of bill&quot; was this: our printed bill that was settled with automated check-out did not match up with the funds that would have been charged to my bank. A charge of $8.50 was added after the fact for the minibar, which we did not even investigate, much less use. Also a charge for both nights was &quot;pending&quot; in my account, which alarmed me as we had received a special rate of, buy one get one night free. This wasn't explained at the time, resulting in my calling the Omni Chicago to straighten it out. The accounting staff was very friendly and helpful in explaining the situation to my satisfaction. However, even after my call to the Omni and being told that the minibar charge would be removed, I see that it was processed today through my bank. All in all, it was a FANTASTIC stay - all that we had hoped for and more!	
Aug 24 2009 	Perfect location great hotel	Only stayed one night but wished we could have stayed longer. Room was clean and spacious, bed was very comfortable, bathroom was large with a nice big vanity and walk-in shower. The amenities were perfect, even a lighted makeup mirror. All the staff members were very friendly and helpful, but especially Mark the bellman who showed us to our room and filled us in on all the hotel details. Location was right on Mag Mile and convenient to everything. I will stay there again!	
Aug 21 2009 	I was impressed	I travel all over the U.S. as part of my job, for conferences, workshops and training. My agency booked our conference here and I, in turn, made reservations to stay here for the duration of the workshop, which was 4 days.I really enjoyed my stay. I thought the staff was friendly and accommodating. The housekeeping staff kept my room clean and I loved the turn down service. I did not indulge in the $7.00 water bottle or the $3.75 Snickers bar in the wet bar area, however, the suite was clean, large and comfortable. The bed and pillow were so comfortable and I slept really well. I felt very pampered while there. I enrolled in the Select customer program, and enjoyed the juice, coffee, newspaper and free internet service in my room. I did not eat a meal in 676, however, did meet with co-workers in the lounge for a few drinks at the end of the work day, and the bartenders were knowledgeable and friendly. I take note of bar service, as I also bartend part-time at a resort hotel/conference center in my city. Even though this hotel is more than I could afford to come to on my own, I am considering staying here again, if I come to visit Chicago anytime in the future. I loved the accomodations and I loved the time I spent on the Magnificent Mile.The fitness center was a welcome amenity.NOTE: even if you smoke, don't ask for a smoking room. Smoke outside. It is difficult to remove that odor from the room, even though I left the windows open all day.Thanks Omni staff !	
Aug 14 2009 	Friendly Staff So-So Service Sub-Par Rooms	My family and I have traveled to Chicago a few times and we normally stay at the Peninsula. This time, however, we decided it might be nice to change things up and see what another hotel in the area had to offer. After reading several positive reviews for the Omni on this site we thought we had picked a winner. We thought wrong. The hotel failed to meet our expectations almost immediately. When we arrived at the hotel there were several employees standing outside. We assumed they would help us unload our luggage as we had a party of six and several bags, but they seemed content to just watch us do it ourselves. We had booked two rooms and wound up arriving early so they weren’t quite ready yet. The room my brother and I stayed in was spacious, but was plagued with problems. A couple minutes after arriving in our room loud hammering and drilling started on the floor above us. We eventually retreated to the room my other family members were staying in down the hall. There were issues of cleanliness in our room as well. The coffee table in the living area was sticky, the lampshades were all crooked, and there were several long hairs stuck to the mirror in the bathroom. These might seem like minor complaints, but these problems illustrate an overall lack of attention to detail. I ran into my next problem when I tried to iron my shirt before heading out for lunch. The iron was broken and I had to call for a new one that didn’t arrive until about twenty minutes later. The sliding door in our bathroom was also broken. I alerted one of the employees at the front desk who assured me it would be fixed. When I returned to the room I thought the door was in working order, but it broke again when I attempted to close it. I didn't feel like making an issue out of it so I decided to leave it shut and just use the other door. There were some positives worth mentioning regarding our stay. The employees were generally very friendly and we got some good restaurant recommendations from one of them. The hotel had a complimentary car service we were able to use and the driver gave us tips about which tourist activities we should check out. The hotel is also located right off of Michigan Avenue steps away from great shopping and restaurants. I really wanted to like this hotel, but in the end our stay was hampered by underwhelming service and numerous room-related annoyances. I think I can safely say that we’ll be sticking with the Peninsula for all future trips to Chicago.	
Aug 8 2009 	Classic and Comfortable	Having stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel three times in the past seven years for our annual shopping/sightseeing trips, we have found this hotel to be the most convenient and comfortable hotel. The staff is friendly and helpful. Bellpersons are very welcoming and we never had to carry a single back to or from our rooms. My teenage daughters loved the separate living room and all the drawer and closet space. While the bathrooms are a bit cramped, everything was was always in working order and clean. The housekeeping staff were always there with clean towels and our room was always picked up and clean. The laundry service had our clothes cleaned and pressed by the next day. Rooms are very spacious. Great hotel, great people!	
Aug 4 2009 	Hope to visit Chicago again and will look forward to staying at the Omni	Our recent 5 day stay was very pleasant and our overall experience at the Omni was very good. The suite-style room gave us a sense of space and it was very comfortable. Joining their guest programme provided a daily paper with coffee and juice every day which was much appreciated. The hotel's location was perfect for us as we walked to most attractions and could take the 151 bus up and down Michigan Avenue to many other locations.The staff were always pleasant and in a couple of cases were more than that, showing an enthusiasm for their work which is not always obvious with many in the 'hospitality' industry. In particular, one young woman working in the 676 Restaurant was a delight, sharing information about the dishes she served with an obvious passion for food and her work.676, as noted in other reviews, is on the pricey side but it is downtown Chicago after all and the quality of the food makes it actually a good value. We had one dinner and two breakfasts, (one a la carte and one Sunday brunch) and they were both excellent. We also used the bar on several occasions as it was comfortable and convenient. When you are tired and just want a comfortable spot to relax in without leaving your hotel, the 676 lounge is perfect. Go for the comfy chairs overlooking Michigan avenue, enjoy your drink and take in the scene down below. Good service here too. We loved Chicago, thought the Omni was just what we were looking for in terms of quality, comfort, location and value and will stay there again.	
Aug 3 2009 	overated and we recieved poor service	I'm surprised to see all the comments about great service. We received poor service immediately starting with check -in. We booked a corner room on hotels.com and were charged $50 extra for the room than a standard suite, but upon arrival we were told there was no way we had booked that room through a third party. We were forced to produce a receipt that said corner room and had to argue for several minutes. Then we were told, &quot;well, sorry we don't have any of those available right now.&quot; After more arguing, suddenly one was available, but only in a smoking when we had requested non. Walking through the hotel later, it became very apparent that there were several non-smoking corner rooms available. We were only staying for one night, so future bookings shouldn't have been an issue.Second, after getting up to our room, we realized that the bellman had not gotten all of our bags from the taxi or they had not made it to our room. After many, many conversations with the security team, we were allowed to watch security footage of the bags entering the hotel. The missing bag was not on the cart. All they had to say was as you can see it did not enter the hotel so we have no way of finding and returning your bag. I told them it was their responsibility whether it entered or not because their bellman had told us to go ahead and check-in while he made sure our bags arrived safely, which they didn't. When we left, there was no apology, just a comment about trying to get a hold of the taxi company, but that we should be working on it from our end as well.On top of that, the rooms are hideously decorated in a very 80's style. I had called ahead to ask about the decor because hotels.com showed 2 different styles online (the pics and virtual tour did not match). I was assured it was not the style it ended up being. The horrid coffee table was hard to avoid running into and had very sharp corners that did damage to both mine and my fiance's legs. The view was alright,but not spectacular. What I really find unbelievable in a supposed 5 star hotel is that there was feces on the side of the toilet! Pretty much would never stay there again! We originally picked this hotel because of location, size, and we have enjoyed their restaurant 676 for lunch in the past. There are many hotels with the same location and price, they may be smaller, but the decor makes them better. We will return for lunch,but staying at the hotel is no longer an option.	
Jul 31 2009 	great location good service	I spent 4 nights at the Omni while attending a conference and, having stayed in most of the hotels in Chicago at one time or another, I was impressed. The location's great, the rooms were comfortable and the service good.There was one problem I had. The plug wouldn't come out of the bathtub whatever I did (I assumed it was one of those part fixed ones and I couldn't make it stay open) so I propped it open with a tube of something to let the shower water drain. On my return that evening I found the plug on the side of the bath but when I looked to see what it had been catching on I discovered a wad of hair down the drain and covering the bottom of the plug hole. .It was the size of a large mouse and had clearly been building up for weeks given a. the smell and b. the presence of multiple colours/types of hair. Totally and utterly disgusting and I was amazed that the cleaner had bothered to disentangle the plug itself from it and then just left it there! To give the management their due they did send someone up when I phoned and I got $50 of vouchers for food/drink as compensation (which my company was very grateful for as it reduced my bill) but it did mean that I'm having to knock a star off of this review.	
Jul 30 2009 	The Omni lives up to its mission statement	Having read the reviews before traveling to Chicago we were not disappointed. The Omni lives by their mission statement which is to &quot;exceed your expectations&quot;.The manager and the rest of the Omni staff are superb at making sure your needs are met. I was greeted by the manager while in line checking in and it just got better from there. An excellent hotel with very well trained staff whose primary role is to make sure you have an excellent stay.The extra space in the suite was great and as advised by previous reviews I joined the Omni Select Guest program. As a result we had free wireless and complimentary refreshments (hot and cold ) with your selection of newspapers each day.Cleaning staff leave the room spotless and concierge services are second to none.We also used the business center to print boarding passes before checking out.The location is excellent with several good restaurants nearby.There is a &quot;Corner Bakery&quot; one block east and one block south which is very reasonable for breakfast or lunch. All in all a fantastic stay at the OMNI and I have to say that Chicago is a wonderful city to visit.	
Jul 29 2009 	Nice stay great service excellent location	We just returend from an 8 night stay in Chicago at the Omni. In total we where highly satisfied. From the arrival on, everybody was really extremely friendly and helpful, something not so typical for an US hotel. Check-in was quick and we got a nice suite on the 18th floor. Since we had our 8-year old son with us, we needed a sleeper-sofa or some extra bed, but in this particular suite nothing was available. So Megan from the front desk immediately switched our rooms to another nice suite, now on the 14th floor facing to the south-west corner of the hotel. This suite had a sleeper-sofa and large windows behind our bed. Megan even called 15 minutes after the switch, to ensure the new room meets our expectations. Rooms at the Omni are nice and comfy, a little bit outdated but in good shape. You will notice, that they constantly renovate. Space is ample and even with 2 large suitcases and stuff for 8 nights, we had no space or closet problems. Noise was no big problem for us, even with our room facing the construction site on the southern side of the hotel. We usally could sleep until 8:30 AM without any trouble. Since I am a Select-Guest member, we enjoyed the complimentary morning beverage service. After the 6th night, I was automatically upgraded to the platinum level and they brought us the nightly complimentary water and sweets. Everybody in the hotel was extremely friendly. A big plus is the location on Michigan Avenue. You are right in the middle of everything. We enjoyed the excellent breakfast buffet every morning with a great selection of fresh fruits and berries. This was outstanding and superior to all other US hotel breakfast buffets we had over the last couple of years. Right in the middle of our stay, I lost my wallet with credit cards, ID, driver license and money in a cab, that was taking us to the Omni. Believe it or not, the person taking the cab as a passenger after we have left, found my wallet and immediately e-maied to me. He even delivered my wallet back to the hotel and declined the offered reward. Thanks again to this honest finder!! In total we enjoyed our stay at the Omni and in Chicago very much. The city is great fun, even for younger children. We where really sad, that we had to leave, but hope to come back soon,	
Jul 23 2009 	A wonderful hotel with superb service!	We have just rteturned from a three day getaway in Chicago. We chose the Omni Chicago for its location but will definitely return as a result of the wonderful service we received while staying there.We were able to arrange an early check in and a later check out without any difficulty. A call to housekeeping requesting more pillows was answered and acted on immediately.I inadvertenly left an item in our room and discovered this when we returned home. A phone call was all it took to have the item returned to me in less than two days.I would highly recommend this hotel for all age groups. The exceptionally clean suite, attentive service and very polite employees all contributed to a very memorable time. Thank you to all at the Omni Chicago.	
Jul 23 2009 	Friendly Service Comfortable Room Great Location	The staff were friendly and helpful in every area and made it a pleasure to stay there. The room was very spacious and comfortable with all of the ammenities we needed. Great location on the &quot;Magnificent Mile&quot; where we were able to walk to many points of interest, attractions and some incredible restaurants. One suggestion; the first night we left the windows open and it was noisy (you are on a busy street and near a hospital). Closed the windows and used the air conditioning and we didn't hear a thing.	
Jul 22 2009 	An Excellent Property in a Great Location	The Omni Chicago really delivers on all fronts, from the spaciousness of the rooms to the helpful staff to the prized location on Michigan Avenue. While this address in Chicago requires a high level of quality, the Omni delivers. Check in for myself and a whole group of people with me was under 3 minutes, the staff had plentiful recommendations for dining and events, and the rooms are some of the largest you'll find at this price range in Chicago. Even the &quot;standard&quot; room has a separate living area and work desk. The fitness center has free weights, weight machines, and two rows of cardio equipment. I shared the room with 7 others and did not feel cramped in any way! All in all, a great property!	
Jul 22 2009 	Pleasant stay... our 21-month old boy loved it!	We stayed at Omni Chicago for 2 nights in early July (July 1-3). The reason we chose this hotel was simply because of a great deal we got on TravelZoo. We got pretty good rate that included a valet parking and vouchers for food&amp;beverages. I also signed up for their loyalty program, which was so worth it.I was concerned at first that we would be treated like a second-class guest because of the price we paid. But I was totally wrong! They treated us extremely well. Before our arrival, I got an email asking if we needed anything. So, I asked for a fridge to store the baby milk. And they arranged it for us without charge :) We arrived late on Thursday night. Our room was ready for us upon our arrival with the fridge I requested. We were given a corner suite on the 10th floor...very nice room...comfy bed. My husband was really wowwwww!!! The bed was made ready for us - both in the bedroom and the sofa-bed (we didn't use the sofa-bed though). We got a high-speed Internet as part of the loyalty program. All staff were friendly and helpful...front desk, valet parking, bell boy, room service, concierge,... everyone!We used the voucher for room-service breakfasts both morning. The first day was great. Food was great, and quick. We also got complimentary beverages as part of the loyalty program. We ordered OJ and hot chocolate. They both were so good that we ordered them again the next morning. But we were very disappointed that the hot chocolate tasted pretty horrible. It tasted like left-over coffee mixed with water and a bit of chocolate :( Also, we ordered Belgian waffle for our breakfast, which was supposed to come with whipped cream and strawberries...but we got a plain waffle. So, we had to call the restaurant and wait for a while to get those. This is why I didn't give &quot;5&quot; for service. However, I reported these issues to the front-desk when checking out, and the front-desk staff took care of it by not charging us for that meal.Another thing is that it's quite noisy at night even though we were on the high floor. We could hear siren going on &amp; off during the night. But this is out of the hotel's control though. And I would say that it didn't bother us at all. My baby could sleep very well.Overall, we really enjoyed our stay, and would definitely consider Omni for our next trip to Chicago.	
Jul 21 2009 	Will never bother trying another hotel in Chicago!	I have stayed at the Omni Chicago three times now. Twice with children and once with just my husband. I LOVE it. Always spotless, always beautiful. I have never encountered such helpful people anywhere else. It's like they really WANT to help you! We don't get that around Springfield, IL very often! I always come back to this hotel for one main reason - room size. Especially with kids. I love that we can be in one room and they can be in another and you are not so crowded. There is even room for all your luggage. You can spread out. I don't know who is running this hotel but they know what they are doing. I recommend to every single person I talk to that is planning their Chicago weekend. Thanks so much for 3 great trips! Can't wait to come back. One tiny thing....please please bring back that free Starbucks coffee that used to flow in the lobby. I really missed it last time.	
Jul 20 2009 	Customer Service even a 9-year-old says is lousy	Reserved this hotel thru Travelocity, and specifically for 2 adults and 2 children. Received the confirmation for 4 persons in the room, but room type wasn't specified, so called the hotel directly the next morning to make sure that we were in a room w/ pull-out sleeper sofa for the kids. Was told that would not be a problem. Arrived at hotel, and front desk told us they were full, and we would have a room w/ 2 chairs in it, and no sofa sleeper. Reminded the staff that I had called to verify the room type, and had two children who needed a place to sleep, but was repeatedly told &quot;we are full&quot;. I ultimately insisted on the children having a place to sleep, so they said we could have 2 rollaway beds. The living room was so small these didn't really fit, and we had to choreograph the room quite creatively to get them in. For a 4-night stay this was tough! (I read in their hotel manual in the room that only one rollaway bed is allowed in the room, so this was technically against their own fire regulations!)Also, I kept checking on changing room to one w/ sleeper sofa (as I had been promised, and based on reservation w/ 4 persons). Each of 4 staff members at front desk always said, &quot;I'm sorry-we are full&quot; with no other assistance. Housekeeping was forgotten on one day, and after calling and was told they would be &quot;right up&quot;, hadn't arrived an hour later, so went down to front desk to complain. They sent up housekeeping after another half-hour.Of note is that even though hotel says that the construction next door is mostly complete (the demolition), it was still VERY loud on our side of the hotel, as workers arrived with jackhammers early in the mornings on week days.Also, no night-time turn down service two nights as was described.Valet service was friendly, but expensive at $50/night.Swimming pool is small, and hot-tub is only for 3 people. Very small area around pool for families to sit (only large enough for maybe 2-3 families)Location is great, but there are plenty of other hotels in the immediate area with much better service.	
Jul 11 2009 	Service makes this hotel worth every penny!!	I have to say that this hotel exceeded our expectations! The hotel itself is very nice. Yes, you have to take two elevators to get from the outside to your room, but we stayed here 4 days and never waited more than a minute.Check in was a breeze. While we waited, Steve was in line with us giving us all the info we wanted on different sites we'd like to visit. Kids were greeted with a kiddie bag upon arrival!Location is superb! Right in the heart of it all. Great casual dining restaurant at Grand Lux two blocks away. We did eat at 676 in the hotel one night and wound up spending $90 for a kids meal, 3 burgers with fries and 4 sodas. Food was good, but not that good. The bellmen are fantastic. Very friendly and helpful with directions!Room was spacious enough for all of us. Was very nice we had doors that shut to our room so they could pull the bed out of the couch and watch tv in the living area while we watched tv in our bedroom. Wish there was a microwave, but again, not something I would base my decision on in the future.Pool was perfect size. Not too small, but not big. The hottub was great when it was working. The first night we got to enjoy it. The second night the water was freezing. The third night it was only 1/2 filled, so I called the front desk and someone came and filled it.Fitness room was REALLY nice. I like that they provide headphones to watch tv on the treadmills. The ice cold water with fresh lemons is a bonus too!The hotel was great and we will only stay here in the future. The reason we will be back is because of the service. Everyone that works there is ALWAYS smiling. We were greeted our first night with chocolates and Evian water (maybe because we are a loyalty member). We also received complimentary beverages every morning as a loyalty member and that was a GREAT thing! My kids LOVED waking to drinks at our door. The entire staff treats you as though you are royalty which I've ever really experienced in Mexico and that is because they are all looking for tips. Here at the Omni it is just expected out of their employees.THANK YOU OMNI!!! We loved your service and hotel!!!	
Jul 8 2009 	Omni Chicago "Would Stay There Again"	I would like to start out by saying that I would stay again at the Omni Chicago Hotel. The only small things I think a guess should be aware of at this hotel, is the following: In order to get to your room you must always take two elevators, there is no gift shop, or place to pick up coffee etc.in the hotel and there is no real lobby , just a small sitting area on the third floor. I do believe you can get starbucks at a stand for a few hours each morning, but that is it. Also parking is 49.00 per day.The good however out way the small negatives, the hotel is spotless, the staff is always helpful, the rooms are large clean and not run down. Your location is wonderful right off Michigan Ave. The pool and heath club are very nice. It is a great hotel for both business and pleasure. The hotel is all two bedrooms suites with plenty of room.	
Jul 3 2009 	Nice hotel...not so nice bed	Stayed for three nights at the Chicago Omni. Overall it was a nice hotel. The location was great, right in the heart of the Magnificent Mile, and the staff was very nice. The hotel had a nice workout facility, a lap pool and small hot tub (3 people max). Everything was kept clean. The room had two TVs, one a flat screen. There wasn't a door between the bedroom and sitting area, so when you would change the channel on one TV the other would sometimes change too. You had to be careful where you aimed the remote. The room had a large walk in shower with multiple jets. There was no bathtub. There wasn't much room in the closet, at all. The rod was very low and the safe took up most of the area. There were plenty of drawers though. The worst part of the hotel, unfortunately, is one of the most important things. The bed was just so uncomfortable. It was only a double in size, but that I could live with. The mattress was so hard and just not comfortable at all. This would be the only thing that might prevent me from staying at the Omni again.	
Jul 2 2009 	Fantastic hotel!!!	What a great hotel!! My husband and I came back the other day from a 3 night stay at the Omni and had a fantastic time. From the time we checked in until we left, the whole staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. We arrived early &amp; were allowed to check right into our room. The room itself was very spacious and clean, and the location was perfect. A big shout out to the concierge Marcus who got us a reservation at an amazing restaurant, and also gave us directions to the Museum of Science &amp; Industry (which was great) as well as Cellular Field for a ball game. Our trip was wonderful from start to finish. Don't forget to sign up for the guest rewards program, which gives you some nice perks. I would absolutely stay here again on my next trip to Chicago.	
Jun 30 2009 	Loved the Omni	We stayed at the Omni just for one night for going to festivals around Chicago. We don't live very far from Chicago so we took an early train in and arrived at the hotel around 10:30 AM. We were planning on just having our luggage stored so we could right away head out but the front desk rep asked if we were willing to wait just 5-10 minutes, we might be able to check in right away.We decided to wait and it was really worth it. We were given a 20th story king suite with a nice view. He even apologized that a room wasn't ready immediately....we never expected to have a room that early so already we our expectations were met!Room was very nice with a bedroom separate from the living area, wet bar and nice bathroom amenities. There was a coffee maker too but we are Omni Select members and they give you a request to complete for the morning and will bring coffee and juice to your room with a newspaper. We headed out and about and returned tired and ready to rest at the end of the day. So, decided to order room service pretty late....10 PM. The operator said it would take roughly 45 minutes for the food, we weren't really happy but thought....we are late so we will wait. Roughly 25 minutes later we had our food. It was good too. Burgers but with fresh made salads that they specially made since we didn't want the options given on the menu. I like that the food is served on a rolling table too so you don't have to sit eating off a coffee table.We had turn down service with Evian water delivered just prior to our room service.Bed was really comfortable and I had requested extra foam pillows and they were waiting at our arrival. The next day we had breakfast in the 676 Restaurant. We just decided on the buffet and it was very good. Fresh fruits that actually not only looked good but tasted good....strawberries, melon, pineapple, etc. Waffles, fresh made omelets, cereals, bagels, etc. Price wasn't bad for Chicago either and I loved their giant coffee cups since we are big coffee drinkers.Check out was easy...just dial a number and you are ready.We would most definitely stay at the Omni again. Service was great, hotel has a very nice design. Fitness center was small but had options of equipment. I liked that they have a sun deck with a very nice view of the city. There is construction going on right next door but we never heard a thing in the hotel. Location is very good since it is right on Michigan Avenue in the middle of everything.	
Jun 29 2009 	superb employees at every turn!	first i would like to state that we were at this hotel for two nights celebrating our 40th anniversary. check in was a breeze and after mentioning our anniversary we found a huge piece of delicious chocolate cake delivered to our room with &quot;happy anniversary&quot; written in chocolate syrup on the plate - a wonderful surprise! every time we returned to the hotel - valets, bellmen and desk personal on ground level said &quot;welcome back&quot; lots of smiles throughout the hotel. our corner room was small but very clean and linens were top notch as well as tolietries. we had a wonderful view of south michigan avenue. the rooms need to be redone as are experiencing a somewhat slightly worn look. loved the ameneties at the coffee bar and mini fridge in our room. the reception desk ran off directions for church, macy's marshall fields &quot;walnut room&quot; for lunch and directions to &quot;taste of chicago&quot; in grant park. the location of the hotel is great for walking anywhere! valet parking somewhat higher than normal.	
Jun 23 2009 	Outstanding stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel!	My wife and I travelled to Chicago and really were treated like royalty by the hotel staff! (My brother and his wife also stayed during this period.) The front desk staff, the concierge, the Star Bucks server, the restaurant, the lounge servers . . . all were wonderful! The rooms were spacious and the flat screen tv was really great! The bath room was a real plus ... it was huge and had everything one desires. Great view from 20th floor to Michigan Avenue below! Overall, great stay and highly recommended!	
Jun 20 2009 	Location location location!	This hotel is located in the absolutely best place possible if you are in Chicago on a leisure trip. It's walking distance to most downtown attractions and even if it's raining, it clears up long enough to dash for a short taxi ride back to the hotel. Staff were very serviced oriented, greeted us on site, and seemed genuinely concerned that all aspects of our stay were excellent. Bell staff and concierge and everyone we encountered walking around the hotel engaged us in conversation and opened doors, called elevators, asked how we were doing. We were staying at a discounted rate, but the vast majority of the staff treated us like we were Branjolina :-) Front desk people stood out as slightly cool, but still professional, just not quite up to the standard of the rest of the employees. The restaurant 676 was nice, good view, good food and they have organic choices, and nice options for vegetarians and folks who are careful about fat and added ingredients. Not at all over priced, considering it was a hotel restaurant. Room is great, even the &quot;cheap seats&quot; smallest suite is fabulous, and they make amazing use of the space. Nice decor, nothing spectacular but well done. Furniture was a bit worn and chair arms needed cleaning, but still nicely appointed. Carpet was clean (so you can walk barefoot without fear) and linens were crisp and new-looking. A few small maintenance needs...one handle was broken and the base of the dresser and baseboards are a little scraped up from the vacuum cleaner, mini-bar was not cold enough to entice me to pop open an $8 orange juice, toilet ran a lot, but overall the room was really well cared for. A little mildew staining around shower handle, but it looked like old stains that just need a bit of bleach. It is not worth the regular price, but the Hotwire and Priceline deals for $140-$165 are about what it is worth for the location and the service considering the economy and the other great deals that are out there. In better times, this was certainly worth the $300 or so standard rate, but now they really need to either refresh the room decor or keep those prices competitive. The turndown service certainly makes up for any small wear issues on the furniture! It is wonderful to come back in the evening to the relaxing music and low lights! Construction outside is also a detraction, jackhammering etc, but they can't do anything about that. This is my fifth Omni, and it's not as nice as the one in San Francisco (OMG, that is a gorgeous place!) or Tucson, but from the reviews it looks like this Omni is good for a downtown Chicago hotel and I agree that it was a great place and I will definitely consider it for a future visit.	
Jun 20 2009 	Two Thumbs Up Omni	Our first time at an Omni Hotel was a most enjoyable one. For starters on the days leading up to the reserved dates of our stay we received a number of emails from Omni which informed us of events happening in Chicago, predicted weather as well as restaurants nearby.Our arrival and check-in at the hotel, located just a few blocks south of the Hancock Tower on N. Michigan Ave. was a smooth and quick process. Our room, a suite on the 22nd Floor was fairly well appointed. We had our two kids with us so the two double beds and the pull out were put to good use. An armchair could have filled an empty corner in the Living Area and would have been useful to watch the large flat screen or even to rest your feet. The sofa bed sufficed. The beds were very comfortable, firm enough, but still comfy, there was an extra large safe, two TVs, a bar with sink, a large bathroom with two doors and even opening windows. Everything worked well and was very clean.We had signed up as “Select Guests” which entitled us to morning juice or coffee brought to the room, at least 2 newspapers and free wireless internet (which would have cost $9.95/day otherwise). We also used the “Entertainment Rate” which brought it down to about $240US/night. Given the location, service and hotel class, it was great. We only used the gym facility that had about a dozen machines and an outdoor deck on the 5th Floor. It was clean, well maintained and didn’t fee claustrophobic.I would stay there again, given the chance.As for our time spent in the Windy City, all of 3 days, we did a lot including Bobby’s Bike Hike (Northside/Gold Coast with Erin), the Architecture Foundation River Tour, a picnic lunch in Millennium Park, deep dish pizza at Giordano’s, a drink at the top of the Hancock at 6PM (no lines and great light and it beats paying for the observatory 2 floors below as you only pay for the drink), Magnificent Mile shopping and a wrap up dinner at Boka in Lincoln Park. If you are new to Chicago, I would highly recommend all of the above. We hit it just right with the weather, so that helps a lot. For the deep dish pizza, no matter where you go for at dinner time on the weekend (Uno, Due, Gino’s East or Giordano’s) you’re looking at a 2 hour wait, so go later, like 9:30PM. Boka is a fairly new cutting edge restaurant, maybe a couple years old or so. Chef is a Charlie Trotter protégé (C.T. is one of the handful of premier way up-scale restaurants in Chi-town with prices to match) and the menu at Boka is unlike most others. You will not be disappointed with he compilation of tastes and flavors the kitchen will put together, each dish is like a fine wine, complex and long. No Tiramisu, Crème Caramel, chocolate mouse cake or fresh fruit cheesecake on this dessert menu,Needless to say, we had a great time!	
Jun 19 2009 	Mixed Review - Great Location too much construction when I was there	A great hotel in a great location: steps to the shopping district. If you’re going further afield the regular bus service stops can be found within a block. The lobby and reception area of the Omni were modern and tastefully appointed, a theme which was followed through to the bar and restaurant areas. The hotel room itself was spacious, clean and fairly well appointed with nice decor, a modern flat screen LCD TV and cordless phone. The only negative point was the construction going on right next door. They are completely re-doing the area next to the hotel. So don't think about sleeping in. Apart from that, the service given by the rest of the Omni’s staff was first class. Highly recommended.	
Jun 18 2009 	Excellent hotel and location Guests are treated well	Very nice hotel located directly on Michigan near great upscale shopping and restaurants. Sirens on Michigan were very noisy all night as was construction next door all day. Service was spectacular and everything was very clean. Turn down every night. Cookies were left for my daughter, along with a bottle of Evian, and a personal note. They had a gift bag for my daughter when we arrived. Concierge was very helpful. Everyone greeted us whenever we came and went. Coffee at the restaurant was excellent. Prices affect the rating for any establishment, however. Parking at $50 is too much. Most downtown parking is $40 or under. Some garages are $15. For $50 a night it should come back cleaned and waxed with fresh cups of coffee inside. We got an excellent deal on travelzoo.com., however our experience sold us on this hotel and we will make an effort to check this hotel first on our next visit.Prices fluctuate but when it nears $350 this hotel is too expensive. Over 220 is too expensive. $200-220 is reasonably fair but I always try to come in below $200 pretax. Great hotel that gets extra hype from Oprah. With the many great hotels downtown, prices must stay competitive.	
Jun 14 2009 	Perfect Location Great Service	Very nice hotel in a perfect location (corner of Michigan Ave and Huron). The rooms are spotless and have a separate sitting area. Room service for breakfast was quick. Our only glitch was the 30 minute delay in getting our room (they offered us a different room on the 5th floor, but there was too much chlorine smell from the pool). We went up a floor to the lounge to wait and Jennifer A. of the concierge staff tracked us down and gave us some food vouchers for our trouble. This is the type of quality service that I have always experienced at Omni's.	
Jun 9 2009 	Friendly 	My fiance and i booked through hotwire, so we didnt know where we would stay untill we paid for it and only paid a discounted amout (normal rooms run around 300 we paid 150 or so) i wouldn't pay 300 to stay in the room we got (i would for a larger one) as it was smaller than the website, but it served its purpoise as we only stayed one night anyways. (also the doors slam loud that was my only other complaint) They also let you bring dogs too which is nice and unusuall we were watching my brother in laws dog (small 2lbs) and might've had to bring her and they were more than willing to work with us on that. We went in just for the weekend and from the second i got there i was amazed at the staff. They were so friendly and it didnt feel fake or forced (like they just wanted a tip) and most times i find people are not as nice to us (we are young 21&amp;22) and i feel like they dont think you will tip well so they dont pay attention to you or arent as friendly and i was really worried about this at the omni because its a very nice place, but they were SO friendly and helpful showed us to the evelvator took our car and informed us of the 50 dollar parking fee for 24hrs (valet) took our bags for us, the front desk was great too she was friendly, when we got up there we called doen to the concierege to ask for the number to Texas De Brazil (which was also AMAZING and very friendly in its own right would reccomend to anyone &amp; everyone) he just went ahead a got us a reservation and made sure it was the time we wanted and everything. The location is to die for too as we went to shop on michigan ave. the next morning we got up and took our bags to be checked it was no problem called for the car like 15 min before we were leaving (when we arrived the valet said it would be 50 dollars for 24hrs and it takes 20 mins for the car to come around so we were warned) and it was there waiting before we got back, they loaded our bags and one of them even took our gross mc donalds bag from the drive up and threw it away. Overall amazing mini vacation, the friendly-ness of the staff was enough to make me come back, they were incredible and really made my trip!, I would more than reccomend this hotel to others.	
Jun 3 2009 	Nice hotel in a great location	We stayed at the Omni for four nights in May. The location was ideal for all the sights and the staff were polite and very helpful. The Fitness Room whilst not over equipped was more than adequate for the amount of people in there. The suite was spacious enough with plenty of wardrobe space. However, the only negative was that the rooms were a bit dark and in need of decoration and although it was classed as non-smoking, there was an odour of smoke in the room. No doubt redecoration and new carpets would resolve this. On the whole, we would recommend this as a good place to stay.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great Hotel!	***I was a guest at the hotel this is not an employee***This hotel was very nice! The location was right downtown. The staff was great and very friendly. We needed a pair of shoes from our car and they brought them to our room within min. The restaurant and bar were nice with good food. A little pricey, but worth the money bc of the convenience. The gym was clean with new equipment, a pool, and hot tub! Our room had a beautiful view of Lake Michigan. Our room was squeaky clean with a large desk, a sofa bed, two tv's, and very comfortable beds! This was the first hotel in Chicago that I actually walked around my room without shoes on! The bathroom was the best part bc it was so big. We had four girls getting ready in there with room to spare! We called for more coffee and they brought it up to us and called to make sure we got it. We even lost an earring and housekeeping found it outside our door and gave it to us the next morning. I've been to about 10 different hotels in Chicago and I've found the best one! I will always stay at the Omni!!!!!!	
Jun 1 2009 	Outstanding hotel in a great part of Chicago	We have just returned from a family trip to Chicago and chose the Omni because of location and because they did a corner suite to house two adults and two children. The level of service, cleanliness and helpfulness at the hotel cannot be over-rated. In particular, both concierges were incredibly helpful for booking trips and recommending places to eat. We loved the hotel but found our room slightly too small for our family - it was only a week though and it would not stop us booking again. The drinks and food are not cheap but I think relatively good value for the location and class of hotel. It was fab!	
May 29 2009 	Blown away by their exceptional service!	Just got back from a 4 night stay at the Omni Michigan Avenue and it was without a doubt one of the most remarkable hotel stays we've had in years. During 4 days of our comings and goings, at all and sundry hours, not a single staff member missed a beat -- we were always greeted with a Hello and a Smile by everyone from the doorman to the desk to personnel in the hallways. Doors were opened for us, elevators held and even buttons pushed when our hands were full. Room service appeared when we asked it to and was absolutely delicious, and on a trolley that folds out to a full round table so you aren't stuck eating at the desk or the sofa. And when I called to have the trolley removed, they asked how I'd enjoyed my food - using my name and referring to the actual dishes I'd ordered. Not a single member of the staff was ever too pre-occupied with his/her own work (and never chatter) to engage us as soon as we appeared and consistently went the extra mile even for the most simple requests.The room itself was very nice, impeccably clean, and very large and the hotel has one of the best spots on the Mag Mile. But it's the service that stands out in my mind above all. I'm from Chicago and return a number of times each year and have stayed at the Peninsula, Four Seasons, Ritz, many of the Hyatts and Hiltons. I tried out the Omni because of the reviews on there and simply can't imagine staying anywhere else next time I'm in Chicago. Congratulations to this team and the GM on impressing the value of these &quot;little things&quot; that make a stay smooth and so memorable.	
May 28 2009 	Fantastic hotel in the heart of Chicago...	We just returned from our first trip to Chicago and stayed at the Omni. I read many reviews on trip advisor and picked the Omni based on its wonderful reviews and they were right on. The location, staff, rooms, amenities, etc were all wonderful. Huge thank you to TA members who suggested signing up for the preferred member program. We did that before we left and received complimentary beverages in the morning and newspapers among other perks. I loved being woken up to fresh orange juice and the Chicago Tribune newspaper. We were in room 816 which was perfect. Corner suite with two out of the 3 sides of the rooms being windows with a great view. The room was huge with a gorgeous king bed and great living area with plasma TV. The bathroom amenities were wonderful. I loved soaking in the tub with the mineral salts that were provided. The turn down service was great as well. We would come back to our room with relaxing music playing and our bed ready for us. We ate at their restaurant twice and the breakfast buffet was delicious. The blueberry muffins were the best I have ever had. Everything was so fresh and prepared perfectly. The staff at the Omni is so accomodating. Everyone is always smiling and asking you how your stay is. Have to thank the concierge Melissa and Curtis. They were both so helpful with great dining suggestions and maps for everything we wanted to do. I also used the gym during my stay and it was great. All the machines were top notch and each treadmill has a lcd TV attached. And the gym itself had two plasmas. They also had cold lemon water for you after your workout. I am a stickler for cleanliness and it was sparkling every morning. It really was a fantastic stay at the Omni and we would never stay anywhere else. I also wanted to mention we never heard any construction while we were there. Everything was quiet and we both slept wonderfully on the big comfy bed. Thank you Trip Advisor for another great trip suggestion!	
May 26 2009 	Home away from home.	We really enjoyed out stay at the Omni and thought the hotel to offer excellent value and wonderful large spacious suites which we appreciated especially since we had heaps of luggage. The Omni is a very comfortable hotel located in a prime position offering a “ home away from home “ experience.Location – Absolutely fabulous position just located on the corner of Magnicent Mile and basically opposite the Grand Hyatt Hotel and Peninsular Hotel. Check-in . Fast, welcoming and efficient but that later came with a problem when entering our room. We noticed some left over food on the kitchen bench and the bed turned down. We immediately rang reception and explained the condition of the room. Staff were extremely helpful and immediately had us in another room within 5 mins and were sincerely apologetic for any problems. Plus they kindly gave us two free vouchers for breakfast. ( well done ! ).Room – Our “new” suite 1916 consisted of a small lounge room with couch, coffee table, working desk and a compact kitchenette with tea and coffee facilities. The bedroom was a separate room with a exceptionally comfortable king size bed with lovely city views. Off the bedroom was a very spacious bathroom with a shower over the bath and two vanity units. We enjoyed having ample space for our luggage and ourselves and found the suite to be very cosy.Breakfast – was served in the main restaurant bar area with an excellent variety of continental and hot food. Staff members were also very attentive, friendly and polite.Staff – We would like to thank our maid/ housekeeper who made our stay more pleasurable by the attentive personal service.	
May 26 2009 	What a nice stay at the Omni	I just got back from staying at the Omni with my family for the weekend. It was so nice and right in the middle of the shopping and resturants. The Disney Store was really close and my daughter loved it.One thing I noticed that was everyone from the guy who parked your car to the waitresses to the housekeepers is everyone was smiling. The hotel seemed very clean and the food in the bar/resturant area was great. My wife loves cheese and they had a large selection to choose from, it was served in a very nice presentation. I had the Ribeye as my entree and it was really good.I use trip advisor when going out of town and find this information valuable. I am sure you will enjoy the Omni..	
May 25 2009 	Best location best staff and best suite we've enjoyed in over 25 years of business and pleasure travel.	My wife and I travel to Chicago every year and having tried several other downtown hotels, the Omni is 2nd to none and we don't even think about staying anywhere else. The suites are great and very spacious. The staff is excellent and the location superb. I also travel to Chicago every fall for a football game with a group of guys and everyone raves about the hotel. The gym is also great.	
May 25 2009 	THE place to stay in Chicago!!	The location is perfect, the rooms are great and the service is excellent. Each time I go there on business or for a weekend getaway, I am treated like a VIP from the entire staff. The last time I stayed here I ate dinner at the hotel restaurant...the food and service was EXCELLENT. (I recommend the mini Kobe burgers, the Ribeye and the Bouillabase ) My wife and I are planning another weekend getaway in June and can't wait to come back here!	
May 25 2009 	Excellent Location First Class Service	We stayed for five days over Memorial Day Weekend and had a great stay. The hotel is located approximately six blocks north of the river and right on Michigan Avenue, which makes it metro and bus accessible. The front desk was top notch. Christy took excellent care of us at check-in. Be sure to sign up for their special loyalty program, it gives you a complimentary beverage and newspaper in the morning. We would recommend this hotel to anyone and would definitely stay there again.	
May 25 2009 	A Can't Miss Homerun	I travel to Chicago frequently for both business and personal. I always stay at the Omni. Their location is perfect, thier suites are terrific and their staff makes me feel like a VIP. The Omni is a can't miss homerun	
May 20 2009 	Fantastic suite great location great amenities and perks....!!	Myself and my boyfriend visited Chicago for the first time this January. The Omni doormen were extremely polite and welcoming. We had requested a high level room and were put on one of the top floors. The gym was excellent, as was the pool, perfect for a quiet morning swim. The room took our breath away, we had a view of the Hancock and could see Lake Michigan in the distance. The suite consisted of a good sized lounge-style room with chairs, footrest, flat screen TV, desk and mini bar. The bathroom was a great size and could be accessed from the bedroom and lounge. The bed was enormous and comfortable and we received a complimentary turndown service with chocolates on our pillows each night and two complimentary drinks each of our choice delivered to our room at a time of our specification each morning. We had complimentary robes and nice toilettries. The bar and bar staff were great. The only minor negative point was the mini bar was rather expensive but that really didn't matter. Being an all suite hotel, it felt like having a home away from home to get back to after a long day's shopping and sight seeing. Overall, this is the best Hotel we have ever stayed at.	
May 20 2009 	Amazing Staff Better location	Arrived for NRA food show on 5/15 and stayed four nights. Steve at front desk was super helpful and very polite. Bell staff and rest of crew as nice as Steve and nearly the best I've ever encountered. Had a 2-bed suite with business partner. Room was not very big, but the beds were super comfortable. We were out all day and night, so (in this city) the size of the room never became an issue. We signed up for the guest program and received free wi-fi daily as well as coffee, juice and paper each morning. Only one day our coffee didn't arrive and we had to call - immediately delivered. The restaurant 676 has excellent breakfast buffet $19, but in this city, pretty standard. The bar is a nice holding spot on the way out of town. Geno's East deep dish was super (45 min to bake). Gene and Georgietti's also well worth it. We found The Chop House pricey and not as pleasing as G&amp;G. The location is great if you like to shop. Amazing stores within a few blocks. The city was suprisingly VERY clean and beautiful. Back to the hotel. The turn-down service was a plus, the housekeeping staff was efficient. The only downside was the size of the rooms. The elevator system takes getting used to (switch at floor 3), but was comforting for safety. Would recommend the hotel, would stay again, love chicago. Try BOKA, Blackbirds, the Perennial, Avec for tapas-like amazing cuisine. Cheers,Mike	
May 14 2009	Great place to stay! Excellent service!	Loved it, located on Magnificent Mile, would definately stay here again. Nice pool, hot tub, and deck.	
May 12 2009 	Perfect	I've just returned from five nights in Chicago. Having never been before I was relying on friends &amp; colleagues experiences on where to stay, shop, visit etc. Most of the recommendations were good but the one to stay at the Omni was fantastic, Right from when we were arrived, being greeted at the front desk by name (six sense by the front desk staff perhaps!!) to leaving (reluctantly) there is nothing I could fault about this hotel. The location is perfect, especially if you like to shop, the rooms are very large and comfortable but its the staff which excel at the hotel. They are all so genuinely nice, not a hint of the forced smiles/offers of help I have received at other hotels. I can't recommend this hotel, and Chicago, enough.	
May 9 2009 	Great Location even with construction	We stayed at teh Omni Chicago Hotel on a recent visit to Chicago and we had a great time. I will say that there is construction going on just to the south of the hotel, major work in fact. But we requested a north facing room from the front desk and they were pleasant and accommodating. They gave us a room, well furnished, with views of Michigan Avenue. We couldn't hear the construction until we walked out the front door and walked a quarter block to Michigan Avenue. There it got loud. But as long as you request a north facing room, you should be fine. It is right smack dab in the center of Michigan Avenue, close to Giordano's, Niketown, and the Disney Store. So much fun. Overall, the stay was great.	
May 7 2009 	construction site nearby - don't go until it is over.	I have stayed in the Omni before, and it used to be a very nice place. However, now there is a construction site right next to the hotel, what makes sleeping after 7 am impossible. I wouldn't come back until the end of 2009.	
May 4 2009 	great place great location when you head in for a one night stay!	I had stayed at this hotel a long time back and while the rooms seem in need of a bit of an update, they are by far larger than most in the downtown magnificent mile for the price! Staff is extremely friendly and attentive--hitting the elevator buttons when they see you coming toward the elevators, etc. . .--the only complaint I have and it is partially my fault, is that at check in, I wish, the front desk had briefly gone over my paperwork with me--inside were my coupons for the free beverage of choice dropped off at my room in the morning and paper--i didn't realize it until the morning when looking over my things and wondering why there was nothing available. . .i wish she had mentioned to hang it on my door before 2am. otherwise--everything was just wonderful!	
May 3 2009 	Perfect location and perfect hotel	During our week stay at the Omni we continued to be pleasantly surprised at the service. We arrived at the hotel at 10:30 am and they immediately checked us into a room. Service from the front desk, concierge, restaurant were all excellent. We loved that the room had a suite as I tend to sleep later than my spouse. Hotel is right in middle of Magnificient Mile. This is the first time we have ever loved a place enough to review it. Very quiet rooms.	
Apr 27 2009 	Wonderful service - wonderful stay	Just returned from a 5 day stay at the Omni Chicago. I have travelled extensively and have stayed in many different hotels, world-wide. I can't say enough about the warm welcome, friendly staff and excellent service that I and my friends received at the Omni. Deserving a special mention is the Head Concierge, Amiri, who took care of us and all our requests (including a very challenging one with respect to Oprah tickets!). He and his colleague, Marcus, were not only efficient and knowledgeable, they were friendly and truly went the extra mile to see that we enjoyed our stay. What we most appreciated about this hotel is that the staff genuinely seem to enjoy their work - we never got the impression that they were being pleasant because they have to. Housekeeping was the best and fastest I've experienced, the staff at the entrance always welcomed us back and asked if we needed anything, service in the bar was quick and courteous. I'm a fussy traveller yet have absolutely nothing but good to say about the Omni - except maybe that an update of the room decor would be a plus... but that's certainly minor and in no way affected our wonderful stay. Great location for shopping and dining. Would definitely return and recommend.	
Apr 25 2009 	Easter at the Omni	My husband and I stayed at the Chicago Omni during Easter weekend 2009. We enjoyed it thoroughly and would return. There was some construction off of Michigan Avenue, but a request for a quiet room fixed that situation. Service in this hotel was exemplary, especially room service and housekeeping. Location was superb--right on Michigan Avenue, an easy walk to the major sites. The concierge must be the busiest man in Chicago, and he took care of everyone with grace and ease. Another nice Omni stay in a beautiful and welcoming city. (No, I don't work for Omni!)	
Apr 16 2009 	Nice Hotel...Great Staff	Just back from 5 night stay at Omni and would thoroughly recommend it. Staff bent over backwards to assist in anything, no matter how minute. Great location on magnificent mile and lots to do there both for adults and my 10yo daughter. If i had to find a fault it would be the extra charges, taxes etc for room service, bar and restaurant, but where is cheap these days? Would definitely recommend it, especially for families.	
Apr 14 2009 	A lot better than most chain hotels	We booked our stay at the Omni in Chicago as a result of a tip on a review of another Chicago on Tripadvisor. The person writing the review was very accurate.This is a chain hotel but feels much less like one than many others we have stayed in. There are no long corridors to trail down from the lifts. The Bellman arrives with the luggage in a few minutes rather than an hour. We also did not feel that the staff did not stand with their hands out waiting for the tip as in some US hotels and that tips were genuinely appreciated.All rooms are suites in this hotel and we got a 45% discount on the room rate which made it great value.The hotel is situated on Chicago's Magnificent Mile and is handy for the major shops and most of the museums are within 30 minutes walk. Given the number of parks and the clean air due to the proximity to Lake Michigan we found Chicago a great walking city despite its size.We only made limited use of the Concierge services of the hotel but they were very helpful and accurate in the information that they gave.Top tip is to sign up for the Omni Hotels' Select Guest Programme before you go as this entitles you to free wifi for your whole stay and complementary tea, coffee etc. every morning.We would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 10 2009 	Great stay!	Stayed here for a convention over St Paddy's day - Great location, great hotel, great room and great service! We booked via priceline (Cutting expenses where possible for business travel) and not once was this mentioned at the check in counter.. REFRESHING! So many times the clerk mentions - ahh you booked via priceline/hotwire, etc - almost as if to say you are lucky to stay here for that rate.. Not this time - the check in was GREAT, highlighted what was available in the room, surrounding areas, etc. Very nice that you have free internet if you are a select member (Sign up before you go online). Really liked the suite layout also!!	
Apr 6 2009 	A mediocre Omni	I planned a romantic trip to Chicago with my fiance and stayed at the hotel for three nights. Between the two of us, we've had at least twenty Omni stays and are in the top tier of their select guest program. The hotel's restaurant was under renovation and drilling could be heard as early as 9 a.m., although we were on the top floor and the windows were closed. The location is great--right on Michigan Avenue, about a block away from Tiffany! The staff was very accommodating and allowed the late check-out I requested. However, my late check-out was not communicated to housekeeping, and two different executive housekeepers knocked on my door and asked when my check-out was. Considering that the privacy sign was on the door and we were trying to get some sleep, this was inconvenient at best. When I called down to the front desk to request that my credit card be charged up front for room and tax, this was done correctly, however, once we got home, I found that my card had been authorized for more than three times the amount of the room! I understand that mistakes do happen, but my card is now over its credit limit and cannot be used until the hold drops. The newspapers we received in the morning were random and never exactly as we requested. The complimentary beverages were spot on, though--the room service team is great! One bellman stood out in particular. I didn't catch his name, but he very kindly chatted with us in English and directed other guests in Spanish within one elevator trip. Our room was cleaned very nicely every day--kudos to the housekeepers! Overall, the stay was fine, but it does not compare to the other Omnis we've stayed at.	
Apr 2 2009 	A really nice hotel	We stayed for 5 days, having booked through Expedia, and managed to find a good deal. Overall, I thought this was a thoroughly nice hotel, with some of the nicest staff I have ever encountered throughout all my travels! Everyone was delightful and eager to help. We particularly liked the staff in the reception area who were happy to help us with all our enquiries and bookings. Checking in and out was rapid, and our room was spotless and well equipped with a lovely, comfortable bed. I had signed up for the Select Guest system on booking, but unfortunately, it hadn't registered with the booking. I had, therefore, requested a high floor, in a quiet room away from lifts. We were given a room on a low floor, directly overlooking building works and next to the lift. The drilling started at 8am! I requested a move and we were allocated another room on the same floor - the noise was better but still audible at the low level, but I assume the hotel was busy. I would think that the noise would be a problem for most guests and it is such a shame. We had breakfast once in the dining room and it was very pleasant but incredibly expensive. Drinks in the bar were a similar mortgage, but with a really nice view. The swimming pool was pleasant and clean, if a little soulless. We didn't use the gym but it looked fine. There are restaurants very near. It was our first visit to Giordano's - if you are novices too, only order a small stuffed crust pizza for two - I wanted more but nearly expired when I saw it!! We went to see a Bull's game which was amazing, went on an Architectural boat tour, booked at the hotel which we really enjoyed, and had cocktails in the Signature Bar of the Hancock Tower - a wonderful experience and well worth the cost. Overall, we really enjoyed our visit and would go again when the building work next door is complete (but they are just laying foundations...). The hotel's huge strength is its staff - nothing was too much trouble and I was enormously touched and impressed with each of them - we're not used to people caring in England so much. Thank you for having us.	
Apr 1 2009 	if you have small children stay here	the staff goes out of there way to make you &amp; your children feel welcome. they treat the children like high class guests - special backpacks on check in and cookies &amp; milk at night - also have games you can ask for at front desk...very clean and nice workout/pool.you cant beat the location for american girl, disney, and lego stores...	
Mar 25 2009 	Kid Friendly But Needs Better Service	We live within driving distance of Chicago and take family trips in (with a 3-year-old) on weekends occasionally. This is our third stay at the Omni, which we love because it's all suites, meaning we can put the kiddo to bed and stay up watching movie and chatting with a bottle of wine. The location is superb (beach, Navy Pier, good park, affordable food &amp; a Trader Joe's all nearby), the beds are excellent, the rooms are spacious and well designed, and the restaurant breakfast buffet is fantastic! The Omni also bills itself as kid-friendly, which it is by design--not only the suites, but also a small pool &amp; whirlpool. But the service on our recent stay could have been much better. Kids usually get a welcome backpack, but none were available when we arrived, and when we called on the second day to ask for one, we had to wait an hour and call twice to have one brought up (anyone with a 3-year-old will understand that waiting isn't easy). Milk &amp; cookies at turndown is another nice kid treat, but once again it took two calls (one after they forgot it at turndown) and anxious waiting. They also advertise kid suitcases with activities that can be used at the hotel, but in my three stays there has never been one available (do they even exist?). The last two times we stayed at the hotel, there was a DVD player in the room, so we came equipped with a couple of kid videos. This time the room didn't have a DVD player, and I was told that it would cost $20 to have one brought to the room. You can rent movies on demand, but $11 per movie is a bit steep. I'm also a member of their frequent guest program, and yet my room preferences were completely ignored (too full perhaps?). So while I still love this hotel for many reasons, they need to step up their service--it's not currently 4-star quality, especially where their kid-friendly amenities are concerned.	
Mar 25 2009 	Nice staff average hotel	I stayed at this hotel from March 21 until March 24th for business. The hotel was adequate--nothing special. The rooms, even though they are 'suites' are cut up with small bathrooms. The front desk staff were lovely and the concierge on Monday and Tuesday was most helpful. The man on the concierge desk on Sunday, was not great. I felt I was putting him out by asking questions. The restaurant 676 was great for breakfast. I did order room service one morning, --very small breakfast room service menu--and costly.If you are looking for a basic hotel, on the Magnificent Mile, this is ok. I would much rather stay at the Intercontinental or the Ritz for a similar price.	
Mar 16 2009 	Incredible location and service	I stayed at the Omni Chicago in March for business. The hotel staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. I had to arrive early and they accomodated me without any fuss.The hotel is located on Michigan Avenue close to Northwestern and the major shopping centers. The hotel is clean and modern with soft comforting touches. My room was very big, as was the bathroom (also appreciated was the high placement of the showerhead). The views from the room were inspiring and the bed was one of the more comfortable ones that I have slept on.I didnt use the gym or any of the restaurants. While there are literally a million hotel rooms in Chicago, the Omni stands out because the quality of the room and the friendliness of the staff come at a price that is very affordable. The Omni offers free high speed internet connection if you join their promotional program, another nice touch.	
Mar 10 2009 	All Around Very Nice	As others have written previously, the Omni Chicago is a great hotel. We stayed about a week. I was tagging along on a business trip my boyfriend had. He checked in the night before I arrived. He left my name at the desk and I had no problem obtaining a key. The room is very comfortable and having the two rooms makes it nice when one person is a nightowl or gets up early to go to work. TVs in both rooms. DVD player in the living area (and a Blockbuster is about a block away). Bed was super comfy with high quality linens. We had a corner room (1717) and looked north and west. Not a great view but good light. We did have the mini bar key and used that refrig to store small things in. (There's a Trader Joe's three blocks away.)The entire staff was pleasant, efficient and professional. The concierge gave us some great ideas for dining and made reservations for us. The location is great, just off Michigan Ave. across from the Apple Store. The red line train is 3 blocks away at State and Chicago. We got a good rate: $159 during the week and $171 over the weekend nights. Good value for the quality. Sign up for their loyalty program and get free wifi and delivered coffee and juice in the morning. But skip their restaurant. It's nothing special and there's lots in the area. Also the business center charged $6.95 per 15 minutes to use the internet (although you could print airline boarding passes for free). I just waited until BF got back with his laptop. Finally, sign up for a Chicago Greeter. I had a great 4 hour walkabout and saw things and explored neighborhoods I'd never been to before.	
Mar 9 2009 	Wonderful Hotel Great staff and service.	From the moment my wife and I arrived on the 5 March we where made very welcome. The staff were GREAT and very happy to try to meet out needs. Managed to extend our room to 14.30 on the day we departed with no issues. Our room was very clean and as described in the booking. Kept very clean and turned down each evening. The gym was great although a bit small but fill all needs. Would stay there again and recommend to all to try. Lastly GREAT LOCATION.	
Mar 5 2009 	the two room suite was comfortable and well appointed and the staff could not have been more helpful.	The Omni gets all the important things right: great location, good service, comfortable rooms, everything you need in the room or a phone call away. (I requested a DVD player when I left in the morning and it was there and plugged in when I returned.) Having the 2 room suite made for a very comfortable stay. I felt more like I was home in my den than in a hotel room. I will definitely stay there again. The only thing I missed was a steam room and sauna that I had in a prior Chicago hotel. But, like I said, the Omni gets all the important things right.	
Mar 4 2009 	Omni rolls out the red carpet!	My husband and I stayed at the Omni for our honeymoon. We had found a pretty good rate on a standard suite, and were very excited to arrive. When we did, the front desk surprised us by upgrading us to the Presidential Suite for no extra charge. It was incredible: the decadence of the sofas, the bathroom (and the amenities within were top notch!), and the bed was so comfortable I was actually able to get rest! (Usually, hotel beds are too soft or too hard...this one was perfect!). The staff who brought us room service, the consierge (sp?) and the front desk staff seemed to truly be happy to take care of us, and after spending a few days there, we felt we had established a happy relationship with them. The restaurant had a marvelous brunch, and the bar had a wide variety of excellent martinis (I recommend the pink grapefruit!). The pool was a great temperature, and had an amazing sundeck overlooking the Mag Mile. The convenience of the location was second to none, and we can't say enough about it-it's a little pricey, but you definitely get your money's worth here.	
Feb 28 2009 	Great location wonderful staff pricey but worth it	Every staff person we encountered was incredibly polite, professional, knowledgeable and courteous. Valet service remembered our name and volunteered to clean up the coffee cups, etc in car after very long trip to Chicago. Concierge had great restaurant recommendations and directions. Walking distance to Hard Rock, ESPN, Giardanos, etc. Check-in and check-out took less than 2 minutes each. Pool area was clean but full of used towels on chairs. Fitness room was spotless. Had 2 doubles with sofa sleeper suite. Room was very clean and perfect for family of five. Two tv's and phones. View was fine. Shower amenities, robe, make-up mirror were nice. Bathroom was accessible from living room and bedroom. Room had coffee maker but no fridge. We didn't get key to mini-bar so can't comment on that. Thermostat controlled temperature very efficiently. Room service, for breakfast, was ordered the night before and delivered exactly at time requested. 676 Restaurant was contemporary. Halls were quiet. Housekeeping was great. Cookies and milk delivered to room was pleasing to the kids. Entrance to hotel is not on Michigan Street, but it is easy to find. Location is near Apple and Disney Stores. Elevators were quick. Sign up for free Select Guest program. It provides complimentary beverages in the morning, newspaper, etc. We ended up needing a late check-out, and that was easily accommodated. Perfect stay!	
Feb 28 2009 	Wonderful hotel in a great location!	My boyfriend and I booked this hotel for a Valentine's day weekend getaway. We got a great rate on travelzoo that included unlimited valet parking and $25 per night food/beverage vouchers for $150 per night. The food was excellent and the room service was speedy and courteous. The room was very nice and spacious. The hotel is conveniently located near shopping and restaurants. We joined the hotel's free preferred program and got free internet access.My boyfriend proposed here and we are considering having our wedding at this great site!	
Feb 23 2009 	Excellent service amenities	My wife and I stayed at the Omni this past wekend. We could not have been more pleased or impressed. The entire staff, from doormen to desk personel to lounge and restaurant staff were friendly, knowleadgeable and professional. The location is excellent. the room was immaculate. We highly recommend this hotel and will stay there again.	
Feb 17 2009 	Very Nice Hotel	Got a very good rate and package from travelzoo. Stayed 3 nights. Convenient to all the stores on Michigan Avanue. Nice suite room with King bedroom, seperate living room and large bathroom with doors to both rooms. Some noise from house keeping closet across from our room. Restaurant was very nice, casual, comfortable, good food and selection, with nice view over the Apple store. Didn't use the pool or exercise room but they looked nice. Valet parking only unless you park yourself at a neighboring garage. Staff was very courteous.	
Feb 14 2009 	A Perfect Stay	I stayed three nights at the Omni while I attended a workshop at nearby Northwestern University Law School. The hotel was chosen and booked directly by the law school administrators. I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. Everyone went out of their way to be pleasant and helpful. The suites are comfortable and well-appointed; when I realized I was missing my packet of regular coffee in the morning, Housekeeping had it at my door in less than two minutes. The fitness center, business center, and concierge service are all designed to make guests as comfortable as possible. The hotel is in a perfect location -- an easy walk to either end of the Magnificent Mile and to Lake Michigan. There is no question that I will return to the Omni the next time I am in Chicago. Other hotels should take a lesson from their outstanding service and facilities.	
Feb 10 2009 	Mini-Moon	We booked this hotel through hotwire last minute right before our wedding. We were taking our traditional honeymoon to Mexico in November, but still wanted to get away for a few days. This hotel was amazing. The room was spectacular with great views of the city. Very clean room, bathroom, and the housekeeping staff did a nice job with our room as well. Upon check in, we told them it was our mini-moon and they had champagne and strawberries delivered to the room that evening, free of charge. We spoke with the concierge to book some stuff to do, and she got us tickets to see the season premier / Olympics homecoming taping of the Oprah show. The rest of the staff we encountered were all very friendly as well.The location is great, right in the middle of everything you could want to do in the Mag Mile area of Chicago. We had breakfast room service delivered the first morning, which was excellent. The pool, exercise room, and hot tub were very nice, but we only took advantage of the hot tub. They have fresh ice water with lemon in the gym available for all. They also have fresh lemonade in the lobby in the afternoons, which was excellent.The only negative, if you could call it that, was the bathroom. It was kind of small, but we didn't really spend much time in there.If you book here, you should join the Omni rewards club prior to checking in to get some additional perks.	
Feb 2 2009 	excellent stay	I booked my hotel stay on travelzoo and got a great rate. The hotel is all suites, separate living room and bedroom, located in the middle of michigan avenue shopping. The location is fantastic (across the street from the Apple store). It is worth signing up for the loyalty program (it's free). You get free internet, express check-in, and free morning drinks. The hotel staff was excellent. Room service was very good. The hotel gym has good equipment (treadmills, ellipticals, weights), and the pool is perfect especially if you have kids (deepest was 3ft6in). Overall, one of the best stays in Chicago or anywhere else.	
Jan 17 2009 	Wonderful hotel!!!	I have to say that this hotel was perfect in every way!!It has a fantastic location right on Michigan Ave with some lovely views, our room looked straight down Mighigan Ave to Lake Michigan!! Amazing!The room was extremely large, with seperate living room and 2 tvs!!The bed was sooo comfy and fresh!! and the chocs left on the pillow at the end of the day was a lovely touch!!We asked for a room on a higher floor and got the very top floor!The staff are all very friendly and helpful!I recommend joining the free priority club as it gets you free newspaper and hot beverages and fruit juice in the morning, at a time of your choice, again nice touch.There is some nice food places near by, Portillos for lovely hotdogs and Gaurdinos (excuse the spelling) for wonderful pizza.There is also a Tgi fridays just across the road.I loved this hotel it lived up to all my expectations and more!!	
Jan 16 2009 	The best all around Chicago hotel	Wonderful hotel with a great location. Rooms are as shown in photos. It was very clean, exceptionally quiet and comfortable. Service was impeccable. Everyone on staff that we encountered from the doormen, to the cleaning lady, restaurant staff and front desk staff were genuinely polite and very professional. They do a great job at making you feel welcome. Further more, having the check in area on the 3rd floor made it feel even cozier. Food and service at 676 on the 4th floor was terrific with a wonderful view of Michigan Avenue below. After staying at other hotels in Chicago, I have to say - this is by the best! You will not be disappointed. We already have reservations to stay there at the end of this month. Make a point to join their Select Guest program, it's worth it. (Free beverages delivered to your room in the morning and a discounted rate on breakfast breads.)	
Jan 15 2009	Wonderful Rooms Wonderful Service	I've stayed in Chicago several times over the past 10 years and the Omni Hotel was the best I have stayed in yet. I've stayed in other pretty hotels in the area, but what made the experience for me was their customer service. I stayed there for a weekend with my Mom for my 21st birthday and they brought up champagne, chocolate covered strawberries and a big chunk of DELICIOUS chocolate cake. It was a treat, especially since my Mom didn't ask for it nor was she required to pay for it. I've found that if you ask for that kind of special attention, the hotel will ask YOU to pay for it. Not so with the Omni.On top of that, our room had a bay window behind the bed with a beautiful view of the city!The Omni is a perfect place to stay if you like elegant surroundings, personal service and extra touches. It was really a pleasure to stay there!	
Jan 13 2009 	Far from what you'd expect from reviews.	The wife and our 11 month old daughter stayed here for some after Christmas/ New Years Eve. jubilation/shopping. From the get go this was botched. Everything i was told i was getting with my &quot;package&quot; was changed 3 times finally being told &quot;you have no package with your room purchase&quot;. This was &quot;rectified&quot; by giving me what I was supposed to receive with the &quot;original package&quot; i was told i was getting. We stayed on the 19th floor and my room smelled as smoky as a bar. I called the front desk 3 times to inquire and i was told that it was coming from the 6th floor which was their smoking floor and since it was New Years Eve( although it was the same for 2 nights prior) they really couldn't do anything about it..Be warned. The food in 676 was very good and the staff were all very nice. It was far from what the reviews on the forum would have led me to expect.	
Jan 5 2009 	Nice Downtown Hotel!	We stayed at this hotel in December of '07 via an American Express promotion for a great price. We like to get away during Christmas. While not too far from our home, Chicago around christmas is always nice to get away too.The hotel is beautiful. The rooms are very modern and very spacious. I believe they are all suites. It is also right on Michigan Ave where all the shopping is. Parking was very steep in price. A tip, we parked a couple blocks down the road in a public garage for about half the price. It was a little bit of a walk but we saved some money.Flat panel TV's, nicer restaurant, great place. If this is good enough for Oprah's people, it's good enough for most of us. May not be quite as nice as the Four Seasons (never been there) but perfect location meant a very nice time.	
Jan 4 2009 	Holiday Weekend w/family	I could not be more impressed with this hotel. The reviewer before me said everything I would have said. I will add that they are great with kids. By far the most accomodating for children that I have ever seen. When we entered the hotel the bellman completely stopped what he was doing to walk behind the counter to give a &quot;goodie bag&quot; to our 3 year old that had a lot of stuff in it. Included in the bag is a reusable plastic cup that they use to get free drinks any time. They also have a bag that can be checked out through the concierge that includes kids games, puzzles, etc. They are obviously popular as we weren't able to obtain one. Request one ahead of time if you can. All staff were very accomodating. Their training department has done well.	
Jan 3 2009	Superior service	Stayed here for two nights for a girls' getaway/shopping spree. Found the staff to be very friendly and accommodating. Got a great rate that included parking and a voucher for the restaurant. Great location, nice loyalty amenities and courteous staff all make this a property I will visit again.	
Jan 2 2009 	Excellent location great service	We found an amazing deal on Travelzoo for this hotel at $129 per night and booked one day in advance. We also took advantage of the reduced price for valet parking on Travelzoo at only $20 per night.Every hotel employee we encountered was just wonderful. The suite was lovely and the combination of the service, location and room was just unbelievable for the price.Definitely sign up for the Select Guest program online. We saved lots of money and time with it. You get express check in and out, robes in the room, preferences for extra towels, pillows, etc., free wi-fi, free beverages in the morning and discounted breakfast items as well. With coffee, juice, bagels &amp; cream cheese, our breakfast would have cost $15 each on the room service menu but cost us $3.50 per person as select guests.The fitness centre seems very nice compared to others I have seen, with complementary headphones and water. We just used the pool which was also nice, though not large. And it is open from 5am to 11pm which is another fabulous extra. With our package we had $25 per day dining credit in the bar, restaurant or room service. We used it on cocktails and appetizers one night before dinner. The food and service at the bar were great and the atmosphere was lovely.The location is within walking distance of all the best shops, restaurants and attractions in Chicago. We walked to Millennium Park, Navy Pier and lots of great shopping &amp; dining. Chicago is a great, friendly, beautiful city and I’m so happy we took advantage of this deal at the Omni to see it for the first time. We would return to this hotel again in a heartbeat.Oh, one more thing. We were on the 20th floor with a pretty nice view. The windows do open, which was nice. But one morning we were awakened by construction below on Michigan Ave. They’re tearing down the building next door so I imagine noise will be a problem for a while on that side of the building.	
Dec 30 2008 	Incredibly accomodating to a Bachelorette crowd!	I hostessed a Bachelorette here last week and the hotel could not have been more accomodating! They were very helpful and helping plan the night with where to go and what to do. They also send up some champagn to the room! The room was very spacious and easily housed 12 of us for Bachelorette games! The hallways could use a makeover as they don't look nearly as nice as the rooms. Thank you Omni for being a great place to stay!	
Dec 27 2008	Chicago Shopping Trip	My daughter and I stayed here Dec 19-21, 2008 on a shopping trip from Dallas. From the moment we pulled up until the time we left, we enjoyed every moment here! The employees were all very helpful and extremely courteous in a genuine way. We were encouraged to sign up for the Select Guest program and received complementary beverages each morning. The rooms are very nice and the beds extremely comfortable. We stayed on the 9th floor with a west facing room. We did not eat in the hotel as we had a couple of specific meal plans but the menu looked good. Parking is expensive and unless you plan on going far, you are better off with taxis. This is the nicest Omni I have ever stayed at and I would highly recommend it to anyone!	
Dec 22 2008 	Excellent hotel great deal terrific location!	We got a terrific price on a suite at the Omni Chicago after friends told us about a deal by using a promotion code from the Travel Zoo website. Booking with only 24 hours notice we got a beautiful suite on a Friday night (12/19/08) for only $129. Upon check in we were also given a $25 voucher to use towards food or drinks in the hotel's 676 Restaurant. Our room was on the 18th floor with a south facing view over the city and was comfortable, roomy, modern and very clean. The hotel's valet parking cost us $25 for the evening which is comparable to local parking garages but much more convenient. A definite highlight at the Omni is the 676 Restaurant on the 4th floor which has excellent views over Michigan Avenue. We enjoyed drinks at the 676 in the evening and a delicious brunch there the next morning. The brunch was only $19 per person and included a choice of organic meats and cheeses, made to order omelets and a wonderful selection of fruits and fresh breads. All in all we were very happy with the Omni's service, value, and amenities. I would absolutely stay at this hotel again and recommend it highly. As a native Chicagoan who enjoys frequent weekends at the City's hotels, I happily look forward to spending time at the Omni again.	
Nov 14 2008	Perfect Hotel !	Great Anniversary Weekend over Halloween. Checked in early around noon to our executive suite on 24th floor. We had 50% off,and free upgrade via ebay, but i checked in online few days prior so at checkin they asked my name,and handed me the keys no hassle, thanks to melissa@concierge she arranged for my rose petals i ordered to be in room scattered,along with their complimentry bottle of wine,and chocolate cake and fruit platter,with greetings. I loved refreshing music playing in both rooms via lcd plasma screen, very romantic,peaceful, and clean suite,and quiet. Room service was great, although at $ 75.00 for 2 breakfast steaks,and a waffle it should have been,and was, thanks to i believe her name was nina @ room service. As a select guest i received comp beverage each morning at the time i requested, truly enjoyed my stay. This hotel is across streeet from Mac store,express,and talbots to help you pinpoint it on mag, mile. Also if in no rush catch train from ohare to downtown,cost $ 2.00, 30 minute ride, easy! Lucked out weather was 70 degrees that weekend, Thanks Omni!	
Nov 13 2008 	Perfect in every way	Chose the hotel for its location, a safe area and close to the subway. We were not disappointed, from the moment we booked, staff enrolled us on the membership scheme meaning we could choose types of pillow etc.Room was superb, very good value for money and had a great sleep. Only disappointment was due to a prior engagement I had to miss breakfast.	
Nov 6 2008	Expensive Parking noisy elevators otherwise great suites	We stayed three nights in an executive suite on the 23rd floor. The room itself was outstanding. Large, corner room with great views, a large living space, and completely separate bedroom. Bed, linens, etc. were all nice, and the room was very clean. Two large flat screen TVs, one in the bedroom, the other in the living room.Location on Michigan Ave is very nice. Easy to walk to shops and lots and lots of cabs. There's also a free downtown shuttle that you can pick up just down Michigan Ave, that takes you to Navy Pier and elsewhere. It's a nice walk down to Millennium Park.Why not five stars? Two reasons.First, our room was apparently near the &quot;service elevator&quot;. All night long, we heard the relatively loud (to my ears) mechanical whirring of the elevator, up and down all night long. This kept me up for hours the first night, and I am not normally bothered by such things. I asked for a room switch in the morning, but they only had downgraded rooms. A woman named Cassandra was very pleasant and tried her best to be helpful under the circumstances. She even delivered earplugs to my room, which I used to block out the noise.Second, the hotel charges $49 / night to park your car. This is exorbitant for even downtown Chicago. Worse, the charge is not advertised or posted or signed anywhere, and no one tells you when you hand over your keys. You only find out when you get your final bill. I can understand up to $30, but $49 is very hard to swallow. I complained to the front desk upon check-out, but they just said &quot;sorry&quot;. $147 for three nights. Later, I wrote an email to Omni, and got a personal email reply saying that the parking charge was a &quot;shock to many guests&quot; but that the front door staff is expected to &quot;explain the pricing and to offer alternatives&quot;. Since this was not done in my case, they agreed to give me a partial refund, which I was happy with.As I said, the hotel was otherwise very nice, and I would stay there again (without my car) if I could get a room away from the elevator.	
Oct 29 2008 	Best Hotel Ever	My husband and I stayed at the Omni with several other people from my workplace. It was awesome! Incredibly friendly personnel (without exception!), fabulous furnishings, well-appointed and spacious rooms, and perfect location. The rooms had complimentary bath robes during our stay, the best rainshower I have EVER used (could I please take one of those home???), turndown service...we felt like superstars. The proximity to Michigan Avenue stores is WONDERFUL. We had a short walk to Water Tower Place, and an inexpensive cab ride to Navy Pier.Would HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend this hotel, and can't wait to go back!!!!!	
Oct 29 2008 	Great Location - Great Hotel	I stayed in the Omni Chicago for 2 nights at the end of August. The hotel location is great for shopping, right in the centre of the main shopping street. The area is very up market and we felt safe walking around during the day and late evening. Because of the location we were able to walk everywhere i.e. John Hancock, Navy Pier and State Street Shopping area. Although if needed there are plenty of buses from just outside the hotel serving all these locations.We joined the hotels membership scheme (free of charge) which gave us free wifi, a newspaper and a free drink in the morning. The room was superb, a great size with a separate seating area and we were very high up which gave a great view of the John Hancock Tower.We ate breakfast at the hotel each morning which although was quite pricey, was convenient and there was a good selection of high quality food. The fresh fruit was particularly nice.The staff were particularly helpful, on arrival we couldn't get the TV to work so within 10 minutes a handyman was sent up to have a look and fixed it immediately. The reception and porters were very friendly always smiling and greeting us on arriving and leaving the hotel. The concierge was very helpful and assisted us in getting to Cellular field to see the baseball.I would definitely stay here again if I return to Chicago and would recommend anyone going to stay here.	
Oct 25 2008 	loved the location	i booked this hotel simply because of where it is, i have stayed in chicago before and fealt the hotel was too far out.the rooms are a good sizethe breakfast is gooddinner is not worth bothering the cost is a lot and the menu is shortthe only downside is you have to change elevator to get to your room, good of this is it will stop opportunist thieves but it is a pain	
Oct 20 2008 	The Omni was wonderful!	I booked my hotel room through Hotwire and saved a little bit as a result. The hotel staff had no prejudice as some places do for using a discount website. They merely said that the room was paid for and asked for a credit card to have on hold for any additional expenses. Very classy and warm. The room itself was fantastic. I signed up for their special preferred guest membership (free) on their website, and enjoyed a complimentary 2 morning beverage. The turndown service was a nice addition. The view was spectacular. They put us on the top floor and we had a great view of the area. I would love to return to Chicago and would seriously consider staying here again. The pool was descent, nothing to brag about. But their fitness and health area was top-notch.	
Oct 13 2008	Great Experience	Excellent experience at the Omni. Management has obviously sold the staff on the notion of being polite to guests and treating them right. The staff was extremely polite and helpful, which I really appreciated. Everyone made eye contact, smiled, and said hello. Bell staff is very ,very helpful and courteous. Room service (young man) was out-of-sight polite. The gal who took our orders from room service also was out-of-sight polite.We were on 16th floor. No street noise other than sirens (which were only a few). Maid staff also did a very nice job and provided turn-down service each night, along with milk and cookies for our 2 children. Speaking of which, all of the staff were very nice to our children. The 676 restaurant has kid menus for each meal. I would say it is a very kid-friendly place (I noticed a number of other families staying there). Be advised though that the &quot;pool&quot; is basically a small lap pool (but I think there is a problem if you bring kids to Chicago and they spend any chunk of time hanging out at the hotel pool).Location was great. 20 minute walk to the Navy pier, and right in the heart of shopping. We took our kids to the Lego store, just 2 blocks away.This is our only visit to Chicago, so I have no other hotel experience there for comparison, but the Omni was terrific. Many kudos and thanks to the staff for their positive attitude and politeness. They made us feel very special and we're just common folks!	
Oct 6 2008	Always a pleasant stay	We have stayed at several high end places in Chicago and this is still our favorite. Location is superb, staff are particularly gracious and welcoming without being cloying. Cornell, at the front desk, is unfailingly helpful as is the concierge. We love the extra room that a suite provides and if you join the frequent guest program, high speed internet is gratis, as is a breakfast beverage delivered along with the newspaper each morning at the time of your choosing. Bedding is of excellent quality and they offer truly amazing blackout curtains! We have never had a bad stay at this hotel.	
Oct 5 2008 	Ideal location 	We were in Chicago to see a Cubs ballgame and sightsee. Spent five nights at the OMNI and it was the perfect place. All staff were pleasant and courteous. The suite was oh so comfortable. The room was cleaned and made up daily and the bed turned down with a sweet treat every evening. Part of what made our stay so special was the delivery of morning coffee, juice, and a newspaper provided by the Omni Select Guest program.The hotel is within easy walking distance of Chicago's public bus or train transit system. With the help of the consierge we were able to locate and take the red line train to Wrigley Field.There are so many places to eat within walking distance of the OMNI. We very much enjoyed our breakfast at the 676 Restaurant and Bar in the OMNI. The filet mignon that my husband and I shared was very good and the green salads fresh and tasty. The chocolate martini's are so delishous! The OMNI's right on the Magnificient Michigan Ave. so you can truly shop 'til you drop if you're so inclined. An easy two blocks down Michigan and you can pick-up The Hop on Hop off Trolley or go up to the Hancock Observatory. For us this was the perfect location to enjoy Chicago.	
Sep 19 2008 	Loved the Omni	As a first time visitor to Chicago I could not have had a better experience. There was a friendly greeting and/or helpful information every time we encountered any staff. Our room was beautiful with amazing views of the lake and the city. Room service was quick andthe food delicious. So much of what we wanted to see and dowas literally a short walk from the front door. At the end of a day of walking in the city we looked forward to a peaceful and luxurious nights sleep in a wonderful bed. We hope to return to Chicagoand stay again at the Omni.	
Sep 17 2008 	wonderful hotel-were treated like we were royalty	At the last minute, my son and I decided to take a quick trip to Chicago to see the Cubs. After checking Priceline I decided to book the Omni because of the great price for airfare and hotel. We arrived at the hotel around noon and our room was ready(I had called ahead and requested early arrival).The front desk treated us like we were there best customers-very friendly and accomodating. The room was wonderful with all the modern conviences you would expect in an upscale hotel. The room was spotless and the bed was VERY comfortable. There was not one sign of bed bugs as mentioned in a previous review-maybe those bed bugs were from their luggage and were transferred into their room!!!We then went to the hotel restaurant and had lunch. Our service was great as was the food. We also tried several restaurants around the Omni-all within walking distance. The service, cleanliness and location of the Omni were incredible. We will definitely go back.	
Sep 14 2008 	Loved the Omni. Proposed to my wife at this hotel.	This is a great hotel to stay at while visiting Chicago. Right on the Mag Mile and in walking distancing of anything you could possibly want to do. Our first night we had dinner at Lawry's Prime Rib and it was wonderful and just a five minute walk from the hotel. I would recommend if you are on a budget, there's a mall right next door to the hotel that has a food court. Its a cheaper alternative to eating in the hotel restaurant or room service. Although the room service we ordered was pretty good. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good place to stay in Chicago. Although it can be pricey.	
Sep 6 2008 	Bed Bugs 	We experienced bed bugs in our room while staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel on the Magnificent Mile. We never received a return call from General Manager Sanjay Mahajan after several voicemails. We will never return to the hotel and will work to spread the word. We also heard from several employees from the cleaning staff that this is common in the hotel.	
Sep 4 2008 	Omni Chicago: Here's What You Need to Know	My wife and I stayed at the Omni for five nights over the Labor Day weekend. My conference was held each morning at a different hotel on Wacker Drive. I chose to stay at the Omni because of its superior location.LOCATION: The corner of Michigan Avenue and Huron. Look it up on a map. It is literally in the middle of the Magnificent Mile. Hotels south of the river may claim to be steps from Michigan Avenue, but that is not the best part of Michigan Avenue. Restaurants are all around. There is a Walgreens one block away to pick up drinks and snacks.ROOM: This is an all-suite hotel. Here's a tip: Buy an Omni upgrade coupon on Ebay (I paid $20 for mine, so I paid $$ per night for a great upgrade); be sure to check the expiration date. When booking, let the hotel know you have a coupon and ask for the room upgrade. If you are booking months in advance you can even ask for the upgrade before you buy the coupon. We stayed in a corner Executive Level room on the 23rd floor (Room 2317). In addition to the King-sized bed and the bathroom, there was a sofa, a club chair, a sink, a dining table with six chairs, and 3 large windows. Our view was mainly to the north and the west. One couldn't see Lake Michigan from my room, but it was high enough to see many other buildings. The bed was comfortable, nice toiletries, in-room safe. I paid $188 + taxes for this room. Check the hotel website for room specials.AMENITIES: Here's another tip. Join the Omni Select Guest program. The Omni Chicago doled out the benefits of this program better than any other Omni in which I have stayed. You get free in room wi-fi, complimentary coffee or juice delivered at your desired time; complimentary newspaper. You can even request a high floor, a corner room, and extra towels! The indoor pool is small but serviceable. Fitness center requires room key access.FOOD: We ate appetizers at 676 once, picked up a flatbread pizza there once, and had room service once. All were top quality.STAFF: The most courteous staff I have ever encountered. They always spoke to us on our way out or on our way back in. The doormen were helpful. Cabs are always available at the door.MISC: To get to a guest room from the street level, one must take a first elevator to the 3rd floor (where the front desk is located), then go to a second bank of elevators that goes to floors 4-25. This zigzag elevator sequence turns off some of the guests, but it ensures safety. It makes it difficult for someone to wander in off the street.Overall, an excellent stay. The only reason I wouldn't stay at the Omni would be if I wanted to pay $500 per night for the Peninsula or Four Seasons. That isn't going to happen.	
Sep 1 2008 	Fabulous service!	I stayed at the Omni for one night following a business meeting at another downtown Chicago hotel. I was completely impressed by the service; all personnel during my stay were absolutely outstanding. I checked in quite early (no problem) and was efficiently checked in. My room had a somewhat heavy scent of air freshener (the ONLY negative from the entire stay), which was managed reasonably well by opening the windows. I don't generally require much during my hotel stays, but suffice to say the doorman, housekeeping, the night manager and bartender at 676, the day waiter at 676, and the concierge were amazing - I never waited more than about 30 seconds for anything. The room was very comfy and the amenities were superior. One very tiny complaint - there was no wastebasket near the sink or near the wet bar - had to walk to the other end of the bathroom or sitting room to dispose of kleenex/coffee paraphernalia. One wastebasket would make all the difference. All that said - what a great hotel!! Thanks, Omni - I had a great stay!	
Aug 30 2008 	class	I stayed here on a business trip and like the other reviewers, I found just about everything in this hotel to be top class. The on-line check in really saved time as my key was waiting for me when I arrived. My room, a suite, was very large and clean. Even the bathroom was &quot;to scale&quot;. I ordered room service one night and found their pizza to be reasonably priced and delicious. The gym had some free weights and a few machines, in addition to some cardio machines; but here again the room was clean, bright and had a nice patio. I didn't see the pool. All the employees were extremely friendly and ready to help. The hotel's location on Michigan Ave is terrific, right next to shops and restaurants. I'd stay there again.	
Aug 12 2008 	Loved The Omni!!	I'll keep it short. My wife, daughter and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. We go on several vacations a year and this was a great hotel. Location: It is located in the center of the Magnificent Mile (Michigan Ave.), so it is near or easily accessible to everything you might want to do.Hotel: The hotel itself is very clean, as were the rooms. Maid service was excellent, including 2x daily cleaning and turndown service (I think they missed a night).Service: Every staff member we encountered was super friendly and kind. They always have someone at the lobby door greeting you with a smile. Every night we had milk and cookies waiting in our room (sometimes chocolates on our pillows). They always pushed the elevator button for you if they were near it. There was no shortage of people to ask things. My only conplaint was that the congierge was tough to get. They shouuld have more than one, or longer hours.Other: We had breakfast in the 676 Restaurant and it was very good, and well attended, appointed. They even carried my wifes plate to the table from the buffet. The pool was a nice addition and a hit with the kids. It was nice to go for a swim after a long day of walking. Pool and changing areas were spotless.Room: Clean, sunny and spacious. Probably over 400 sq. ft. - 2 TVs, couch, desk, chairs - all in perfect shape. The windows open for some fresh air. Pillows were pretty comfortable.With all aspects considered, I think this was an unbeatable value! I would not hesitate to stay again or recommend it to a friend. I truly have nothing negative to say about the hotel. It was a wonderful stay and we will miss being there. Omni has hit the right formula to make a guest feel like a welcomed person as opposed to just a nuisance or a number. The airlines have cornered the market on that.	
Aug 11 2008	Great location	The Omni is located right in the middle of Michigan Avenue in the middle of all the action. Rooms are great, all suites. Nice big bathrooms, good linens and products. Staff there very nice and helpful. They have a breakfast buffet and a bar but I never checked it out. Also, nice workout facility and indoor pool. You are walking distance to everything in Chicago. Would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 10 2008 	Wonderful stay at the Omni Chicago	Great Hotel. We stayed here in the middle of January as we were guests on the Oprah Show. The hotel is beautiful. The service was great. Room was spacious and very comfortable. Plush bedding and mattress... The place to eat downstairs had great food, nice atomosphere too.. Staff very helpful and friendly. Complimentary Starbucks coffee downstairs in the lobby before 8 A.M. was a plus! The hotel is within walking distance to everything that you can possible imagine in the city. Would not hesitate to come back here.. Great stay..	
Jul 29 2008 	Great hotel	We had a wonderful experience at this hotel. The room was very nice, spacious and clean. The people were all so kind and helpful. The concierge proved to be invaluable.	
Jul 23 2008 	Very good but frustrating	This is a very nice hotel in a great location. The rooms are all mini-suites, with a bedroom area with its own TV that closes off from the sitting area. This was nice for us because I like to get up early and my wife prefers to sleep in a bit, and it's nice to have a hotel room where there's someplace aside from the bed and the desk to sit. The rooms are well-equipped with plenty of storage space. The rooms with two doubles have a double set of drawers. Some rooms have pullout couches in the sitting area so it's great if you want to share a room and still have a bit of privacy.The problem is with the service. I've never seen a decent hotel where the front desk is so underpopulated. When we arrived there were three groups in front of us and only one person at the desk. Several times I called the desk during the stay and got either no answer at all or an answer after well more than 10 rings.The people are nice and try to be helpful, but at one point we had arranged in advance to switch rooms and it took the desk clerk and the bell staff over an hour to find the record (which they did ultimately find) and get a bellman up to the room. This ruined an afternoon for us. Another time it took 15 minutes to get a cup of coffee to go at the restaurant because I wanted a muffin and they didn't haven any and instead of telling me they disappeared looking for one for 10 minutes.One other complaint is with the room service menu which is seriously fussy and overdone. For example, there is no club sandwich, but a club sandwich panini with herbed cream cheese. The caesar salad came with a whole poached egg sitting on top.I think with a small upgrade in staffing and organization, this could be a superb hotel. As it is it's just a good one. I'd still recommend it, but visitors should temper their expectations.	
Jul 15 2008 	Perfect stay	Stayed for 8 nights and had a room with a wonderful view up to lake Michigan. The staff has a way of giving you just the right amount of attention so you do not feel bothered but also never miss anything. This is complemented by the excellent location. One of the best downtown hotels in America.	
Jul 11 2008	Excellent location	I stayed in the Omni hotel for 9 nights with my mother and sister. We found the Omni Hotel to be in an excellent location for shopping and visiting all the tourist attractions. The concierge Mellissa was very helpful and assisted with all our enquiries. Jared at reception was also very helpful with all our queries. The room was cleaned daily and in good condition. Sheets and towels were changed daily. The beds were comfy and there was no noise problems at night. I would advise anyone wishing to book this hotel to book via the hotel directly. I booked through a third party website and i would not do this again as the hotel room type I booked was not the one I recieved. I was informed by the hotel that when you book via third party you are placing a request and are not gauranteed the room type you book. All in all this hotel is a lovely one in a fantastic location.	
Jul 7 2008 	Perfect Location - Great Staff	The Chicago Omni is a great hotel, located in the middle of North Michigan Avenue. Its staff are friendly, attentive and caring. All of the service we received was great.The rooms were very clean and had nice amenities. Our room was not as large as the ones shown on the internet site, but was still more than enough space.One minor drawback is that the lobby is on the third floor, so to get to your room two elevator rides are necessary. This was not a big deal. The value offered by the summer rates at the hotel was also a bonus.	
Jul 7 2008	good location small suites	The location is fantastic for shopping and some sightseeing. I loved that the hotel is small but right in the middle of the city with things to do right outside the door. The rooms are nice - but pretty small. The living area of my &quot;suite&quot; had only two chairs and the bedroom part was pretty small. Seemed like if the wall was removed it would be a nice size regular room. When traveling to Omni's make sure you are an Omni Select member so you can have fresh coffee and water delivered to your room in the morning - it's a nice way to start the day!	
Jul 6 2008 	Great location outstanding service	I just came back from a two days business trip to Chicago and Stay at Omni was a quite good experience. My room was a little bit smaller than the american average but it was still large enough for me. The location is perfect, just in the Michigan Ave, the service was perfect also, they take care of everything in a fast and helpfull way. The breakfast in a european style was a good surprise, they also have an american breakfast with all that fat things if you prefer...The only thing I have to complain is the shower that was over the bathtub and the drain was not fast enough then I had my feet soaked every time I had a shower.Besides of that I definitely recomend this hotel.	
Jun 25 2008 	I Love This Hotel	I stay at this hotel 2 times a year on business and LOVE it!The staff are great, the rooms are spacious and clean, and the location is perfect for shopping and dining on Michigan Ave.Plus if you sign up for Omni Select Membership (for free) you get free wireless internet access.	
Jun 25 2008 	Great location friendly service	I stayed at the Omni from June 20-25 while attending a conference in Chicago. It was a great experience. The suites are very nice and well-appointed. I was in a suite that had a king bed, so the room with the bed seemed a little small, but the amount of space in the suite overall was far better than a typical hotel room. The bed was very comfortable and they offered a choice of foam or feather pillows. The Select Guest program is a real treat. They give you a choice of two beverages and a newspaper and it's delivered at the time you indicate on the card. It was awesome to wake up and have fresh coffee, orange juice, and a USA Today delivered to your room and it was all complimentary. Every staff member I spoke to was polite and friendly. The people stationed at the entrance always said hello with a smile and I thought it was a nice touch when they said, &quot;Welcome back&quot; when you returned. I'm very particular about cleanliness in a hotel (especially if I'm there for more than one night) and I have to say that my suite was very clean. I didn't see any of the dustiness reported by other posters. My only complaint was that the hotel (and the others on that part of Michigan Avenue) are near the Northwestern Hospital and so, as others have pointed out, you might hear an ambulance with sirens blaring at any hour of the night. One night, we counted 7, but two nights there were none. All in all, we had an excellent experience at the Omni and would highly recommend it.	
Jun 25 2008 	Fantastic hotel	This hotel was absolutely fantastic. It was in a great location making it easy to get around central Chicago. The rooms were large and extremely comfortable and made for a really great stay over the Christmas period. The staff were friendly and we found the front desk particularly helpful especially in helping us get into restaurants with a large group. The facilities were great - I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 5 2008	Very Nice!	Location: It's located right on the Michigan so it's perfect for shopping and a good base for sight-seeing. The train is a few blocks away and there's a bus stop right at the end of the block on Michigan. Walgreens, Trader Joes, and Whole Foods all within a 2 block radius (well, a little more for Whole Foods) so you can pick up snacks and necessities.Rooms: I read some of the other reviews that had complaints. I didn't see any dust or dirt anywhere in my room - it was certainly clean enough for me! The suite (it is an all-suite hotel) was nice and big and furnished nicely with double beds, sleeper couch, 2 tvs, etc. The bed was very comfy. The shower has adequate water pressure and the Omni provides bath salts so you can have a soak if you'd like. My one tiny complaint is that I wish they'd stuck the one full length mirror they provide someplace other than behind the door and directly across from the commode. It's odd placement (unless you like seeing yourself on the john) and inconvenient when someone else is occupying the bathroom and you're trying to dress.Service: Everyone was friendly. I had an accidental mini bar charge on my card but they reversed with promptly and with no questions asked. I'm a select guest member so I got free wireless internet access (though I didn't use it), the newspaper every morning, and complimentary breakfast beverages (2 per room). If you're going to the Omni and haven't signed up yet, do it. It's free and worth the 2 minutes it takes to log on. They saved all my preferences (corner room, high floor, feather pillows, etc.) and accommodated EACH one! Now that's service! Lastly, the nightly turn-down service with dessert mints is a nice touch after a long day.	
May 23 2008 	Terrific Hotel!	The Omni is in a fabulous location on Michigan Avenue. Within just blocks are all types of stores, including Saks, Nordstroms, H&amp;M, Filenes Basement, Macys, La Perla, Apple, Bloomingdates.....I could go on and on!The room itself was fabulous. Comfortable, nice big flat screen tvs, nice sized bathroom.They charge for Wi-Fi, but we found if we clicked yes on joining their guest program we could then go from the sign-on screen right to our email without actually completing the registration.We got this hotel for $214/night through Priceline and felt it was a terrific deal!	
May 20 2008 	great location rough service	This hotel has some issues at the front desk. To have one person handling checkouts at prime checkout time and NO backup is very regrettable.Single file, one at a time, please. No, it is inexcusable. At check out today there was no one at the supervisory level available, only one desk clerk who was not up to the job. Allegedly the others were &quot;in a meeting.&quot; The entrance to the hotel is poorly managed by the doorman with the result that guests are allowed to temporarily park hapazardly in the only entrance/exit for taxis and other transport. A good property manages their front door to the house better than this one. The amount of open space in front of the hotel is very limited, which makes managing the abandonment (even temporary) of vehicles in that space especially critical. The signage to get from ground level to checkin is miserable. One has no idea whether to go to floor 3 or floor 4 without spending time trying to figure it out because the brass plates on the elevator do not instantly identify which floor a new guest goes to. Hint: checkin is on 3. The restaurant is on 4, but the guest services director at the desk right in front of checkin on 3 does NOT have the menu for the day. &quot;You'll have to up a floor, sir, and ask the hostess for the menu.&quot; So, just to find out what the restaurant serves one waits for an elevator, goes up an entire floor and wastes time. Inexcusable bad service and poor property management because it can be fixed so easily with minor attention to detail. The area in the suite bathroom dedicated to the basin, mirror, etc is extraordinarly small, narrow and cramped. There are inadequate power outlets here. A mouse would feel hump-shouldered.There is a signficant deficiency of electrical outlets all over the entire guest room except at the writing desk, which has one extra outlet mounted on the edge. The room lamps appeared tohave three-way bulbs and many of the settings are burned out, making a guest think the entire lamp doesn't work until trying different combinations of the main switch at the entrance and repeatedly pushing the switch on the lamp to find the setting that is not burned out. Inefficient, maddening and poor maintenance. Room service menu is 24 hour but heavily weighted to breakfast and sandwiches. Room service prices are, of course, extremely expensive. The food quality was above-average and delivered in a reasonable time period. Room rates are steep for the quality delivered in the room. An inexperienced traveler may think it's a quality location and hotel, but there are much better properties available to the experienced business traveler and they deliver better value. The location is first-rate, however.	
May 2 2008 	Great hotel great location	I stayed at the Omni Chicago hotel in April 2008 and was very impressed with the facilities and room.The hotel is an all suites hotel. I had a corner suite on the 24th floor looking down Michigan Avenue.The suites are of good size.The living room had a good work space, comfortable sofa and wall mounted LCD TV (with HBO and ESPN) and DVD playerthe bathroom is of good quality with plenty of towels and free toiletries, the bathtub is better suited to showers than a long soakThe bedroom had a very comfortable double bed and plenty of clothes storage and a second TV.The hotel restaurant served good food with fast service and the bar was small but good quality. The pool and gym are fine and in keeping with what I would expect for a hotel of this class and size. (nothing earth shattering, but adequate)I joined the Omni's select Guest membership prior to visiting on their website, this is free and entitles you to room preference and upgrade if available, free wifi, free newspaper and morning drink and free late check out.The hotel is in a good location with plenty of shopping, sights and bars within a couple of blocks. Taxis to the loop are about $5.	
Apr 11 2008	Central for the Chicago experience!	The Omni Hotel is located in a central part of Chicago, 676 North Michigan Avenue. It's close (walking distance) to so many bars, clubs and restaurants.The hotel itself is clean and very comfortable. All the rooms are suites and there is ample room to work should you wish to.The bed was comfortable and the batroom/shower room provided just what was needed.However, I didn't spend an awful lot of time in the hotel; I was out and about downtown Chicago.The breakfast was excellent. You could pretty much create your ideal breakfast. The staff were attentive but not obtrusive.The consierge in particular was very helpful and friendly.If you visit Chicago and want to shop, eat and generally soak up the sights and experience of the city, this is a very good hotel for the $350 rate.	
Apr 3 2008 	Great location but not a great room	Was a little let down by this hotel.I LOVED the location. Right in the heart of N. Michigan Ave. and all its shopping.But the room itself was pricey for the size of the room. Stayed in the suite and it was tiny!! Furniture in the room was ancient and looked shabby too. Didn't want my guest to come up as I was a little embarrassed.	
Mar 28 2008	Great place on Michigan Avenue	This is one of the nicest hotels I've frequented. The staff was extremely friendly, and housekeeping did a wonderful job during our three night stay. The hotel was very quiet while we were there. Housekeeping also brought our children warm cookies at night. My only gripe is that the bottled water appeared to be complimentary, but it was not--it was $9 for a pint-size bottle. Be very careful. Other than that, the stay was great.	
Mar 25 2008 	Very Pleased	We stayed 3 nights at the Omni for &quot;Spring Break,&quot; and had a great time in spite of the snow. Location was perfect and having the suite set-up worked well with the kids. Service was excellent - very friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the Select Guests benefits of free wireless internet and the morning beverage service with optional add-on bagels (for a fee). Cookies and milk were delivered with the turndown service. The cookies won't win any awards, but it was a nice gesture. The pool is not as large or impressive as some, but the kids enjoyed it every night nonetheless. Workout facility is on the small side but clean and well-kept, and I never had to wait for a treadmill (there are 3). We will stay here again.	
Mar 11 2008 	Tolerable Mix of Good Bad and Ugly	The best part of my stay at the Omni (for a conference held at the hotel) was by far the hotel staff: the front desk clerks were cheerful and efficient, the concierge pleasant and helpful, and the housekeepers responsive to requests. On the other hand, the Omni is both the noisiest and dustiest hotel I have ever stayed in. It apparently is located directly on the hospital route...ambulances screamed by at all hours of the day and night. One night there was a weird drumming (I am was on the 11th floor) that lasted about 90 minutes; during the day there was lots of drilling noise, which presumably will go away once the reno is finished. The upside of the noise was that it provided unexpected entertainment--sitting on the toilet, with a vent directly above, it is possible to hear every single word of the conversations taking place in an adjacent room. An eavesdropper's delight! Aside from the noise, the hotel was dusty--everywhere. In my room; in the conference meetings room; the the bar; in the business center--in short, every facility I used at this hotel needed a thorough cleaning. When I checked into my room, I opened the curtain behind the bed, and to my disgust, it seemed as if every previous tenant of the room had left his or her hand, nose or lip print on the window. It was so gross I asked housekeeping to clean it up--which to their credit they did promptly.What others have said about the weird layout of the rooms was true for me, although it was not a major inconvenience or distraction. It did seem odd, though, that there was no light switch in the bathroom adjacent to the entry door from the bedroom side of the suite.The location of this hotel is superb, and it's fine for what it is--a fair-to-middlin' hotel. It is not four-star and it is not luxe, but it gets the job done.	
Mar 4 2008 	Perfect!!	We went to Chicago for a quick getaway, I picked this hotel because it we right in the center of the Magnificient Mile. Only problem was finding the hotel, sorta, you actually have to turn onto E. Huron St., that is where the enterance to the hotel is. This hotel is exactly where you would want to stay it you don't want to mess around with driving around looking for places. Perfect location! When we figured that out, it was wonderful from then on, the bell man was great, very nice and friendly, we used Valet parking which was a little high, but standard. Check in was quick and easy. Our room was great! You have amenities better than standard, two robes, electronic safe, umbrella, bath salts, mouthwash, bubble bath and standard shampoos and lotions. The towels were huge, the blow dryer was just like mine at home, not those tiny little one attached to the wall. Great view! We also visited the hotel lounge, very nice, quick and good service. One thing if you are going to visit this city, be prepared to spend alot of money, if you are going be drinking, buy before you come, I had a Grey Goose and Oj, my husband had a bottle of Bud Light and this cost $26.00, whew, I was a little shocked. It was this way just about everywhere we stopped. I would also recommend going to Giodarnos, it is close to the hotel and the stuffed pizza it Excellent!!! Definetely would stay at this hotel again	
Mar 2 2008 	Puts the Intercontinental to Shame	On a recent trip to visit family in Chicago and Milwaukee, I was able to stay at the Intercontinental in Chicago at the beginning of my trip, and to stay at the Omni for my last night in Chicago.Let me say, for some reason they are ranked as 5 star hotels, but the Omni is a TRUE 5 star hotel! It made my experience at the Intercontinental seem like something you would get at a Holiday Inn.The room, a very clean, functional, modern and comfortable suite.Room service food was promptly delivered, of excellent quality and of the correct temperature.Staff, friendly and competent.Location is perfect. Right in the middle of it all on North Michigan Avenue.In short... when in Chicago, stay at the Omni!	
Mar 1 2008 	perfectly fine hotel	arrived for 4 day visit to chicago with my 19 yr old daughter and good friend. stayed in a suite, very decent price, on 24th floor. room was fine for 3 of us. hotel staff were friendly and accomodating. perfect location for shopping or sight seeing. would certainly stay here again for location and price alone. we signed up to be a &quot;select&quot; omni member before our stay and we got free coffee in the morning plus papers as well as free wifi. highly recommend becoming a &quot;select preferred&quot; quest. just sign up on web site. We have stayed at Talbott before and loved it until construction caused lots of noise. cafe lux around corner as well as try &quot;tempo&quot; for a great breakfast. have fun and enjoy.	
Feb 29 2008 	Nice if you get it for Cheap but not worth $300	We stayed at the Omni on a Saturday. The hotel was crowded because Chicago was hosting the national dental convention. Our check in was quick and the room was clean and nice. All of their rooms are suites, so they were very spacious. When you enter the hotel, you have to go up one elevator to get to the lobby, then take a different elevator to get to your room. They can't really change that, but it was a bit annoying.In the morning, we called the front desk to get a train schedule. They told me to come down and look on-line at the business center. I didn't feel like doing that so the clerk said she would call me back shortly. About 1/2 hour passed and she still hadn't called back (we were afraid we'd miss our train). I went downstairs and there were 4 staff members chatting and ignoring me. When I asked the clerk about the schedule she said, &quot;Oh, Yea&quot; and printed it out for me. Not even an apology for never calling back.We did not pay full price for the hotel (we got it for $125 on priceline). The normal price is $300, but I do not think it's worth it. The staff should be much more attentive and the hotel should be nicer for $300 per night.	
Feb 25 2008	Can't be beat!	Just returned from a quick business trip to Chicago and stayed at this property. We were on the 24th floor in a corner suite and it was great. The room was clean and the nightly turn down service was awesome! The room had free WiFi and a great view overlooking Michigan Avenue and the rest of downtown. The gym facilities and pool/hot tub area are sufficient. My only complaint is the lack of quality concierge service. We were disappointed with every recommendation they made. Oh well, a lesson learned there! Overall a great place to stay.	
Feb 11 2008 	Just OK	I have stayed at the Omni a few times for Business. The lay out of the room is not very comfortable.The big Flat Screen TV is across from this small uncomfortable sofa and in the bedroom is this old school small TV. Lots of small spaces and doors but it doesnt flow well. On this trip they were replacing all the in room safes and started working on this at 6:30am and they were very loud. Check in was fast and my bags were brought up quickly	
Jan 25 2008 	First class no complaints at all. Would recommend to everyone.	My wife, my two teenage daughters (18 &amp; 14) and I stayed at the Omni from 9th till 14th January 2008 on our first visit to Chicago. Apart from being delayed by a day at Manchester due to the incompetence of BMI, our visit went off without a hitch. The OMNI does exactly what its says on the tin (All Suites). My wife and I had one whilst the girls had another down the corridor (24th floor) for super views. I had emailed the Hotel prior to arrival and let them know it was my daughter's 18th whilst we were staying and they kindly left a birthday card and cake in her room whilst we were out. The location of the Omni could not be bettered, halfway along North Michigan Avenue (The Magnificent Mile) and right in the midst of all the best shops. All the staff at the hotel deserve praise from the door staff to the reception staff. Every question was answered clearly and in a manner that showed that the staff really did care. It was a pleasure to enjoy the facilities in the room each night after many an hour spent shopping. The seperate lounge with 2 easy chairs, plasma TV and drinking facilities were very welcome, as was the ice machine on the landing.	
Jan 21 2008 	Great hotel great location fantastic staff!	Spent two nights at the Omni last weekend and loved it. First it's an all suite hotel, so lots of room, private bedroom, large sitting area, desk &amp; bar. Two TVs, and very comfortable beds, I loved it and wouldn't hesitate to return again. I found my room to be very clean, no dust issues, and all the fixtures appeared to be in tiptop shape.Staff from the doormen, front desk, maids and the concierge was all top notch, very helpful. Got some great dinner suggestions, as well as helpful hints on how to get where I needed to go. Location was perfect, right on Michigan avenue. Walking distance to the red line subway, and also the great shopping that the magnificent mile has to offer. Didn't visit the pool or work out facilities, so can't comment on that. You will hear the street noise, but remember you are on Michigan avenue, and shouldn't be surprised by the occasional police siren. Only reservation was the heater, had it set to 78 and still had on a sweater. The poor thing never turned off, but should also mention Chicago was in the middle of a cold wave. and the temperature outside hovered at 5 below most of the time I was there.All in all, I'll be back!	
Jan 13 2008	Terrible....I could not believe this was an Omni hotel....	When we arrived everything seemed to be great...we were able to check in early, etc.Once we were unpacking we went to put our clothes in the dresser (we were planning on staying a few days). The drawers were loaded with dust. Not just a normal dusting but an actual layer. We opened all drawers and they were like this. We looked at appliances like the coffee machine they had dust on the top. We called the front desk because the drawer dust ruined the first pair of pants I tried to put in, we had to ask for these to be dry cleaned and insisted it be done that day. When we returned from a few hours of shopping we were greeted by room service with a bottle of wine, a box of chocolates and a note of an apology of how they presented the room to us. We thought this was nice, the box had 4 pieces as we got to the 4th piece we realized the piece was infested with worms.....it was hard to see them as this piece of chocolate had crumbled nuts and maybe oats so this seemed edible until I saw it move. We took these down and they apologized but not like we would think hotel that is managed well. They blamed this on their manafacture stating the manafacture would be reimbursing us one night's room expense. They never really apologized that this box of chocolate went through their room service and wasn't first inspected. All apologies were that the manfacture supplied these. We did not pay for any nights there and would have switched if there would have been rooms available elsewhere but we were there during the holidays. I will never stay at any Omni because of this experience and because after we were sent worms we had to approach the staff there. We were very shocked and disappointed. If you decide to stay there look before you consume anything there.	
Jan 5 2008	Convenient cosy	Stayed a week with my wife and 2 children. Prime location, very friendly and helpful staff. Clean, nice - high standing but never stuffySuite setup let kids/parents sleep in different roomsPool and jaccuzzi nice for families. rarely crowded.Sign up to become a &quot;select guest&quot; (free) and get complimentary beverages in roomIn room dining menu limited.	
Dec 5 2007 	An Okay Stay	I tend to agree with the previous review - great location, but overpriced hotel. I had to move rooms because of the incredibly loud noise when on a lower floor.... ambulance and police sirens blaring all night long. I also found the accommodations somewhat &quot;tired&quot;, worn carpeting, stained walls. Signed up for the Select Guest program but never actually received any extra perks - no morning beverage or newspaper delivery.	
Dec 4 2007 	little less than before	I actually got a great deal on hotwire on this hotel so it was not overpriced for me, but if I had paid a few hundred bucks I would be livid! The omni has lost a little bit of his sparkle, the staff was pleasant, needs to update interior, beds are soft, avoid front of hotels rooms to much noise around weekends, not as stellar as years past but good location to shop.	
Nov 26 2007 	Awesome hotel !	Location is great ! Food is excellent, hotel is fantastic!	
Nov 24 2007 	The Omni: Perfect location beautiful accommodations	My daughter and I stayed at the Omni for the Holidays Lights Festival. I have stayed at four different hotels each time I have visited Chicago, and the Omni has been the best so far. It's right in the middle of the action - it was great to walk out the lobby and be within steps of Michigan Ave. (the hotel sits on MIchigan, but lobby entrance is on Huron). Every staff member I met was friendly and professional. I requested a room with a view and received a room on the 24th floor with a fantastic view of the John Hancock Building. The double room suite was spacious and very clean. Housekeeping was excellent and the room smelled fresh each time we came back from an outing. I had read through another review on Trip Advisor to sign up for the Select Guest program and I'm glad I did. Check-in was a breeze and it included complimentary beverages in the morning with the option of purchasing individual items such as bagels and muffins for a reasonable price. The hotel's special touches during the Holiday Lights Weekend were a real treat. On Sat. morning as we headed out to shop, coffee, a rich, delicious hot chocolate drink and mini pastries were available in the lobby. The night of the parade, they opened up their third floor board room (with floor to ceiling windows) for guests and offered complimentary hot beverages and sugar cookies during the parade. It was all very festive.The hotel offers express check-out through voice mail which was convenient, and the night before we left, the front desk called to see if we needed boarding passes printed or any help with our departure. I thought that was a very nice touch.The only problem we encountered was with the hotel's restaurant, 676, In regard to what we were charged for the buffet. I made note of this on the comment card at departure, and within a day, received an e-mail from the director of food and beverage who quickly resolved the situation.I am impressed with the Omni Hotel -- perfect location; beautiful, clean accommodations; friendly staff; and quick to respond to, and resolve, a guest's concern.	
Nov 15 2007	Business Travelers should avoid this hotel.	The first evening I was there I spent well over an hour and a half on three separate calls to technical support for their wireless system. They were never able to connect me and I spent the entire visit (3 days and 2 nights) without access to e mail or the internet. This was a business trip and no access was a real problem. Then, when I got back, I discovered the many changes technical support had made to my laptop settings interferred with my ability to access wireless in other settings. It has taken 2 days to straighten that out. What a nightmare.	
Nov 1 2007	Classy act	Just returned from a memorable weekend in a fabulous city made even better by staying at this first-rate property. We are Omni fans. Their properties are lovely, have the best locations and their staff make your stay remarkable. This one is the best so far. I can't say enough about how amazing the staff were, how eager to help us make arrangements, solve little problems and generally make us feel special. When I wasn't too happy about the low location of our original room, overlooking the stores across the street, we were moved up to a high corner suite with panoramic views of the city! When we checked in, we were offered free cocktail coupons for the bar and breakfast credits of $25 per day. The concierge steered us to fabulous restaurants, the desk staff were most helpful and they even offered us the hotel limo to take us to the Art Institute when we asked directions! A lot of this may have been timing and luck, but we were in heaven all weekend because of the hospitality offered by this hotel. I think attitude can help you get a good hotel experience......we were grateful and patient and found it really helps. For example, we arrived in the morning and wanted to check in before our room was ready, so a younger desk person gave us the lower room to oblige us. When we went back to the desk, rather than complaining or being hostile, we simply asked if anything could be done in a cheerful way and a more experienced and higher ranking staff member bumped us up and offered us the coupons. We had a little problem with water pressure in our shower and within 15 min. a team of repairmen was sent up to remedy the situation. Yes, there was a lineup at the concierge's desk on occasion, but what can you expect? You aren't the only one asking for help. The wait staff at the bar and in the restaurant were terrific, and so was the breakfast! We were overwhelmed by the courtesy and kindness of everyone we encountered at the Omni and in Chicago and can't wait to go back!	
Oct 28 2007 	A Few Rough Spots but Generally an Excellent Hotel	First of all, although they confirmed adjoining suites, when we checked in, they didn't adjoin. The desk clerk couldn't seem to understand what we were saying. But, eventually, she straightened it out. And the concierge sent us to an excellent restaurant -- but he gave us the wrong directions, causing us to get lost for a half hour or so. But, these were the only problems. The Omni is excellent in all respects. We had nice suites on the 21st floor looking north on the Mag Mile. Outside of the two minor glitches above, it's a great place to stay and I'd do it again.	
Sep 9 2007 	Fantasic hotel highly recomended	We have just returned from a fantastic trip to the USA (Chicago, New York, Boston and then a week on the Cape) We started our trip in Chicago. We stayed 3 nights in Chicago and we arrived in a downpour due to the hurricane that had passed close to Chicago. The hotel staff were extremely helpful and met us at our taxi with an umbrella and took care of all the luggage..The room was fantastic. We had a corner suite It was located on the 9th floor. The views were stunning with a view of the Magnificent Mile. It feaured a full length window above the bed which was just amazing. The room was a good size and had flat screen T.V. in the living area. We arrived very tired and ordered room service which arrived prompt and was really nice and my partner had a pizza was jumbo. We did not eat in the hotel but it looked very nice. We had breakfast in a fantastic place in Chestnut Street just a few blocks away i can not remember its name but you cant miss it as there is always a queue but well worth the wait. We loved the Omni Chicago and will defenatly return!!!!!	
Sep 6 2007 	Best hotel experience yet!	My new husband and I stayed here for a week during our honeymoon trip to Chicago. From the moment we arrived, the hotel staff were welcoming and extremely helpful.The room was magnificent. It was located on the 8th floor and had windows facing east with a view of the Magnificent Mile. It feaured a full length window above the bed which was just amazing. The bathroom was a good size for the room and TVs in both the living area and bedroom were a nice touch.The best thing about the hotel was the staff. The bellmen and hotel driver went out of their way to make our stay the best it could be. We dined twice at the hotel's restaurant 676. The food was outstanding and the view of Michigan Ave. at night was superb. The staff were friendly and provided the best service possible.The fitness center was very nice and the available lemon water was refreshing.We love the Omni Chicago!!!	
Sep 5 2007	Awesome hotel in Chicago!	This hotel is top notch! Beginning with the bell man. We stayed at the Omni hotel on Aug. 26th. The bell man spent a great deal of time, explaining where to find things, what was close to the hotel, etc. Check-in is at 3pm, however, our train arrived at 9:30 in the am, so our plan was to just drop off our luggage and shop. Our room was ready early.Overall, the room was very nice, had adequate living room, with chairs, desk, bar and plasma tv on wall. The king size bedroom suite was very spacious and comfortable. Probably, the most sleep I have ever gotten in a hotel. The bathroom had all the little touches, even ribbons tied around the extra toiletries. Robes in the room, even milk, cookies and chocolates, at turn down service.The hotel had a nice workout room, with water, fruit etc. The swimming pool was just a 3ft. depth, but adequate for my daughter. Had hot tub and a walk out for sunbathing on the 5th floor.My only complaint, was the first conceirge, wasn't real helpful. He gave me less information that I already knew about the city. The hotel had a restuarant, food appearance was excellent, prices a little high for breakfast, and service, was a little off, than what I thought it should be. But overall very nice.The hotel is located right on Michigan Ave, great resturants in the area and located near all the great shopping within walking distance.Would highly recommend!	
Sep 4 2007	Best location	Stayed at the wonderful Omni.You could not ask for a better location. Marcus (concierge) gave us friendly and helpful dining recommendations and took care of our reservations. Breakfast was fantastic in their restaurant. Cage free eggs and such.. good stay !!	
Sep 2 2007 	Loved the Omni	We drove up in front of the Omni Hotel and valet parked our car($46 per day). The bell staff outside was very friendly and efficient. When you need your car you are asked to call ten minutes in advance. Our car was always ready by the time we came down. We also took cabs from the front of the hotel. There was never any wait.Check in is on the third floor. Again, the staff was friendly and efficient. I reserved two rooms, one for my husband and me plus a second for my parents. Our rooms were on the 17th floor. The elevators were quick.The rooms are all suites and very luxurious. In the living room there is a wet bar and a 36&quot; flat screen TV. There was a desk for our laptop and the hotel is WIFI. Instead of a couch there are two nice chairs with ottomans. The bedroom area has a second TV and robes in the closet. The bed and pillows were so comfortable. The bathroom is a good size with a very nice shower. The rooms were very quiet.I am a Select Omni Member so in the morning coffee with warm cream was delivered to our rooms. In the evening there was turn down service with cookies and milk for a snack delivered. They also filled the ice bucket. Very nice touches.We enjoyed the breakfast buffet($20) on Saturday. It was well worth the price which included your beverage. The food was organic and omlets were made to order. I selected the pancakes which were very light. I topped them with fresh raspberries. After walking the Mag Mile we decided to stop back at the OMNI for lunch. The service was good and the luncheon menu was interesting. I had a salad that came wrapped in a little bowl which was actually a cucumber. My husband had lobster rolls. For Chicago, I thought the prices were reasonable.On our second day, we attended a wedding. After the service we returned to the hotel. Coctails and hor'derves were served on the third floor. The service was great and the hor'derves were delicious. The reception was on the fourth floor and again the food was excellent.The morning after the wedding the new Mr. &amp; Mrs. hosted a breakfast buffet. The food was so good, especially the french toast. The coffee at the OMNI was always very good. I think I remember seeing a Starbuck's sign on one of the big pots at this breakfast.The location of the OMNI is perfect. You walk out the front door and make a right and you will find yourself in the middle of everything.Staying at the OMNI was a wonderful experience.	
Aug 29 2007 	Very nice	one weekend day in Chicago. Having stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn before, I thought I'd step it up a bit and go for the Omni. Found the place after parking in a meter spot (free on Sunday) and walking six blocks. Walked into the first floor stand and asked about checking my bag as it was 11:30am. The young lady and bell person said the lobby was on the third floor, and they would probably be able to check me in early. I really didn't believe them, thinking they should have checked my bag, but I get to the third floor, ask about a early check in and could not believe I got in at 11:30am. To the 17th floor, typical Omni, rooms seem to be better built, better quality overall. The pics are an actual depiction. Walk four blocks to the Red Line, and Jewels Osco Supermarket. Went to New Comisky and returned after the game. Felt tired as I had been up since 4am and decided to order pizza. The delivery guy must have gotten stopped because I got a call from guest services inquirying if I ordered food which I said &quot;Of course, deep dish,&quot; so this hotel is up on their security. Recieved another call later in the evening about transportation the next morning from the front desk and I declined as I had it planned. I woke up at 4am again to go to the fitness center. This kinda mean lady told me it was open at 5am. I've stayed at other Omni's and they would call security to open the room just for me. Not this lady. I asked about printing a boarding pass and she points me to the business center which charges $7 per 15 minutes. I read in previous reviews the front desk printed boarding passes but not the night time desk lady. She looked like she could have killed me for bothering her so that's why four instead of five stars. Overall, another solid stay at the Omni except for you know who.	
Aug 27 2007 	Great hotel right in the middle of everything you can walk to!	We used hotwire to get a good deal for a very special 1st Anniversary evening. And we got a great deal and the hotel I really wanted, Omni Chicago. The hotel was a 4 star hotel with all of the perks. Check in was fast and we were greeted with a glass of champaign. I told them it was our anniversary ahead of time and they gave us a corner suite with an unbelievable view of Michigan Ave and the Hancock building. The room was spacious and the bed was comfortable. We signed up with Omni's Select Guest program - a great extra perk. They provide a turn down service, and your choice of complimentary beverages in the morning. After coming back from dinner there was a wonderful piece of chocolate cake in our room with Happy Anniversary written on the plate in chocolate. A VERY nice added touch! We used the workout facility in the morning (had everything that one would need) but did not use the pool, the only thing that did not impress us. It was very small and the space needs a little more TLC. Check out was a breeze and we were given a bottle water upon check out. The only other negative would be how much valet costs ($46). Crazy expensive. I would suggest to use the over night parking garage near the Peninusula Hotel ($29) for the night. But overall I give the hotel, service and ammenties an A+. Thank you for a wonderful Anniversary!	
Aug 23 2007 	The perfect stay!	We stayed at the Omni to celebrate our anniversary....we made one simple mention of our anniversary at check in, and they moved us to the top floor for the best view, and we had chocolate cake with fruit and a card waiting for us!The room was superb! Exactly what was expected from looking at the pictures!We ate breakfast at the restaurant, 676 I believe it was called? The food and the service was magnificent!The staff always greeted us with friendly hello's, and it seemed they truly were &quot;at our service&quot;The trip ended with wonderful valet service! We called down ahead, as we were told to do, for the &quot;quickest&quot; service, we waited less than 5 minutes for our car, and, we were each given a bottle of Evian for our wait!A++++!!	
Aug 2 2007 	Excellent service - spacious room	I stayed at the Omni for two nights this week as part of a conference. I found out the week before checking in that members of their Select Guest program get all sorts of free stuff. Signing up is free - and I got free internet, free drinks in the morning (hot and cold - in my case it was OJ and Evian and you can upgrade to add a bagel or muffin for just $3), free newspaper, and upgraded to a higher floor.I had a suite with two double beds on the 25th floor. I enjoyed having a suite rather than just a room. The living room was a good size, with a very nice plasma tv and a mini bar area with sink. The bedroom was a good size considering it was the city, with a nice bathroom.With the exception of one woman at the front desk, the staff couldn't have been more helpful. They called to offer to print my boarding passes the night before I left - a big help rather than dealing with the business center.The fitness center was nice and clean - with towels and water with lemons. Several treadmills, an eliptical machine, and other machines as well as weights and open space for jumping rope or whatever. Didn't see the pool.I ate at the 676 restaurant - very good, very pricey. Great presentation of the food.Great location right in the middle of the Magnificent Mile.Aside from the price, which I understand is rather steep for Chicago, I would definitely stay here again!	
Jul 28 2007 	Maybe NOT so great...	After reading the reviews, I am wondering if my standards are just too high. We booked 'up' to a west view suite for our stay. I expected a spacious room with spectacular views. We got a room w/a king bed, a desk and 2 chairs. Somehow, that does not equate to a suite, even judging by the diagram given by the hotel website. We were on the 22nd floor which should be a good view, no matter what side of the hotel you are on, but our view was into the adjacent condos...shades of &quot;Rear Window'!!!!!The a/c worked, but minimally, leaving the room very warm at 3 or 4 in the afternoon, and the a/c ran all night. A plus was that the windows did open, albeit only 3 inches, but that helped rid the room of the heat. The room was clean, tidy, and well supplied. Housekeeping was great. Overall, just a C+ on the stay.	
Jul 21 2007 	One of the best in Chicago	I picked the Omni Chicago for our vacation hotel as I was already familiar with it as far as the location on Michigan Avenue. When I compared the rate to the other upper end hotels in the area it seemed the best value for the money. After our stay July 14 - 18th, 2007, I think it was a wise choice. The Omni couldn't have a more convenient location. Huge choice of restaurants, stores, and transportation literally at your front door. I have to comment on some of the complaints as far as the lobby being on the third floor, and then the necessity to take a second elevator to the rooms. This arrangement to me made me feel much more safe and it also made it feel a bit more exclusive. I didn't find the arrangement to be at all inconvenient and actually preferred it. Entrance and lobby very elegant. Absolutely the most effortless check-in I've experienced. Nothing to sign, just accept the keys and go. I did register with the Omni Select Guest program which I recommend. I believe that expedited check-in. Bonus with Select Guest is complimentary morning beverage service delivered to your door with your choice of two beverages and newspaper. A+ to Omni for that perk! Our room, number 1910, was extremely spacious and comfortable. Very nice decor, furniture in very good condition. Great granite topped wet bar in the living room. Bedroom is not large, but certainly adequate. I appreciated the seperation of the rooms. Great if one of the travelers wants to rest while the other doesn't. Bed was very plush and comfortable. More drawer storage space than I could imagine anyone needing. Two robes in the bedroom closet were appreciated. The living room was very roomy with two chairs, an ottoman, wall mounted plasma TV, and work desk. Bathroom nicely done in marble and granite. Nice large and thick bathtowels. The Omni's rooms could actually be used as a temporary apartment, and are in fact larger than most studio apartments I've lived in in the past. I really liked the overall design and configuration of the room. Noise was not an issue although we were on the 19th floor which may have helped with lack of street noise. Windows can be opened a bit for fresh air. One suggestion is that two ottomans in the living room would be nice so that each chair has its own. Staff overall was excellent, professional and very well trained. With one exception (one of the doormen, tall guy with a bluetooth headset on &amp; an attitude), everyone greeted us with a smile and hello. We ate breakfast in the dining room several times. As always in a hotel it was pricey but I would rather pay a bit more for the convenience of not having to wander around looking for food in the morning. The food itself was excellent as was the service. Terrific view overlooking Michigan Avenue from the table, too. The bar and restuarant were quite beautiful. Extra nice large and well equiped workout facilities with locker rooms. Pool area was large and clean. I used both the pool and spa, and enjoyed it. Note: there is no sauna as is advertised on several websites. There are also two spacious outdoor decks overlooking the city off the pool and workout areas. All in all was extremely pleased with the Omni Chicago, and would highly recommend it. Try booking directly with the hotel's website for the best deal. Check the Senior rates or AAA rates if you are able to use those. This hotel would be my first choice on return visits to Chicago. Kudos to a well run hotel.	
Jul 21 2007	Great Location	Nice location on the Mag Mile. The Omni lobby is on the 3rd floor, so to get to the guestrooms you have to take two different elevators to get there. Check in was smooth. If you book through Omni, be sure to sign up for the Omni Select Guest program (Free). Not only do you get a complimentary beverage(up to two) each day, you also get complimentary wireless internet access. The beds were very comfortable and turndown service was a nice touch.The room service was great. Big portions and great staff. Restaurants: 1492 Tapas Bar is incredible ( located a couple of blocks away from the Omni). I definitley recommned trying them for dinner. Inexpensive and the best Tapas I've ever had.	
Jul 20 2007 	Nice but expensive	We stayed at the Omni earlier this month and it was a nice stay. The suites are smaller, but still roomy. The price was over $300 a night, but we were able to get he room half price because of the Entertainment book with coupons. So, for the price we paid, I think it was worth it. The location was great. We walked everywhere. The $46 for valet parking is a bit ridiculous, but what else can you do? The rooms were kept clean and the staff was OK – not extremely friendly, but nice enough. The indoor pool is smaller than it appears on the website. FYI – if you sign up to be a &quot;select guest&quot; on the Omni website and give them your assigned number when you check in you get free beverages and newspaper brought to you every morning and turn down service each night. This added a nice touch to our stay.	
Jul 19 2007 	Great stay at Omni	My wife and I just shared our anniversary at the Omni Chicago. Every thing was perfect. The staff and service was great from check in to check out. Excellent suite with flat screen TV. Best location on N. Michigan Av. in the heart of the Magnificent Mile. I highly recommend this property, which is now my favorite in Chicago.	
Jul 14 2007 	Don't bring a car to the Omni	I have stayed at the Omni in Chicago a couple of times and always have a good experience. The rooms are very clean and the bed is oh so comfortable. You can only valet park at a cost of $46 per night as there is no self-parking for the hotel so I would recommend that you not bring a car to the Omni.	
Jul 14 2007 	Second visit--keeps getting better	After a stay a few months back, we returned to the Omni with our five year old son in tow for a family visit. We used a Select Guest upgrade voucher and were able to get the Executive Suite. Nice to have the dining table and a little extra elbow room (note--the bathroom in this suite is actually considerably smaller than the one in the corner suite, but still fine). Once again, the staff and ameneties made this a very enjoyable stay. * Kid extras. Cookies and milk on our first night was a great bonus. This may also have been available on other nights, but we weren't around on other evenings. Also a super bag of books, games and activities. Wasn't available when we checked in (limited number, first come first served), but a tremendously helpful front desk manager-- who also was helpful in a past visit-- made it magically appear when we asked him about it. The pool, while small, is a great bonus when traveling with a child. *Select Guest extras. Definitely sign up for this program. Local paper, coffee, fresh OJ, small smoothie--all delivered to your door each morning. Heavenly. *Small requests not a problem. Early check in, airport car service arrangements through the concierge. *Room service and housekeeping. Very good food delivered quickly; the housekeeping staff did lovely little extras like tuck my son's stuffed animals in his bed so they were waiting for him when we got back to our room in the evening. Sweet.	
Jul 6 2007 	Omni -- Luxury and Value on the Magnificent Mile	I live in Texas, but love visiting Chicago to shop, eat and relax. On this particular trip, I was joined by my husband and 6 year old daughter. We decided to travel in style and opted for a pricey hotel on North Michigan Avenue. After two nights in the tiny, overpriced room, we moved a few blocks over to The Omni – a hotel where I’ve stayed in the past and where Oprah keeps her guests. There’s a reason why.Our room was a deluxe suite which generally runs for around $259, which was considerably less than the tiny room we checked out of. Our suite at the Omni, which was tastefully appointed with the usual Omni granite and upscale décor had a living room, two TVs, pull-out sofa and King bed. The bathroom, which included a tub and very good shower was gigantic. The walls must have been pretty thick because we were staying next door to a group of guys and didn’t hear any anything.The room did have a coffee pot, but if you sign up to be an Omni member (free), they will bring you fresh coffee, a paper and your choice of juice in the morning. There was also a mini bar, but we didn’t use it.The pool is small, but we were happy to have one for our daughter to splash around in. There’s also a bright health/fitness center with plenty of treadmills and other equipment.The staff members were extremely courteous, the concierge was able to help me choose restaurants and seemed to enjoy doing so, and the lobby’s being on the third floor gave a feeling of extra security which we didn’t have at the other hotel. I would highly recommend this hotel to any group of 2 or more visiting Chicago.	
Jun 12 2007 	Nothing Special	We stayed at the Omni with our young son the beginning of June. I will say that I am a hotel snob, so my standards are pretty high.The first thing I was surprised about was that for a suite the room was actually quite small. Really no bigger than any other hotel room and was just called a suite because the doors separate the bedroom and sitting room. The bathroom was likewise quite small in my opinion. Bathroom extras were not anything to write home about, just generic hotel shampoo etc. The closet was pretty tiny, we couldn't really fit both our suitcases in there. Also, there is no small convenience store in the building (that I could find at least) so that you either had to walk several blocks to the walgreens or suffer the stiff prices of the mini bar if you wanted a drink or snack. That would be a nice addition. On a good note, the hotel breakfast was excellent, the rooms were clean and housekeeping was prompt. We arrived quite late and they had made sure a crib was waiting in the room so that we could get the little one to bed ASAP. We had a lovely view of the lake and the city from our 23rd floor room. The location was outstanding as well, pretty much right in the heart of everything. We were easily able to walk to Navy Pier and the river as well as take advantate of all the fantastic shopping in the area. Small note: sign up for the Omni guest program and get free internet in the room and perhaps a better room at check in. All in all, it was a pleasant experience, but I was far from blown away by the Omni.	
Jun 9 2007	Magnificent location!	Solid 4 star hotel well located on the Magnificent Mile shopping precinct. Spacious room with flat screen TV and wireless broadband internet. Strangely no electronic safe - only a weird manual safe which you had to contact reception to use. Bed had a &quot;pillowtop&quot; mattress which I personally don't like but was otherwise fine. Buffet breakfast quite good, with made-to-order omelettes available. No muesli unlike in Europe. Staff friendly and efficient.	
May 25 2007 	Hotel of choice in Chicago	I typically stay at the Omni in Chicago when on business and am never disappointed. The rooms are spacious with flat screen TVs and comfortable lounging chairs. The king sized beds are very comfortable as are the pillows. The bathrooms are large and well equipped.This particular stay I was in room 518, which happens to be next to the fitness center - you can definitely hear the whir of treadmills and elliptical machines from inside the room. Also, it was not the greatest location as the room windows actually looked out onto the public sundeck. But, still a very nice room. (AND I checked in so early, that this was the only room available.)One other issue with the mini-bar...I was in the mood for some chocolate...both choices for chocolate that I opened were too old to eat, the chocolate had an awful white film on it and probably had been sitting there for many months.For business travelers (and tourists) this is in a great location on Michigan Ave...and the free coffee in the mornings is a great touch.	
May 20 2007 	Perfect Location	This hotel is the perfect location for downtown Chicago shopping. The only thing is the pool is extremely small - it is indoors, but looks much larger on the website.	
May 7 2007	Costly but worth it	Stayed at the Omni May 3-6, traveling with another couple. We arrived VERY early (7:30 AM) and understandably, our rooms weren't available. They held our bags, sent us to a great breakfast place (Tempo), called our cell when the rooms were ready (11 AM!) We mentioned it was our 20th anniversaries (reason for our trip). When we returned that night, we had beautiful desserts and cards in our rooms. Rooms are nice but nothing special; flat screen TVs in the sitting area, good counterspace in the bathroom, comfortable beds. It's pretty quiet - maybe because of the suite set-up. In some hotels, you hear doors slamming at all hours, but I never noticed it at the Omni. Good location- a 10 minute walk to active part of Rush Street, 5 minutes to trains, right on the Magnificent Mile. Cab rides to other spots like Navy Pier (which we walked in 15 minutes) were about $5-8. We're used to NYC, so it seemed like a bargain. Like most big cities, the taxes on the hotel rate will surprise you, so keep it in mind when you plan - it's a killer!	
Apr 29 2007 	Splendid	My wife and I flew into Chicago this weekend to see the play &quot;The Color Purple&quot; and chose to stay at the Omni while in town. We come to Chicago 2 or 3 times a year, but this was our first stay at the Omni. I will tell you that our stay was wonderful from the phone call to the hotel to let them know that we were checking in late that evening to the concierge calling our airline to make sure that we could take something onboard our flight home.The room was very nice and clean we enjoyed having two televisions instead of one especially the plasma in the sitting room area. It would have been nice to have the plasma in the bedroom. The staff was great and very attentive to our needs and we also put out the do not disturb sign on our door. And the front desk called that evening wanting to know if we wanted our room cleaned that evening so I guess that problem has been solved.But overall we had a great stay and plan on coming back this fall for a 2 or 3 day stay. The only two complaints that I have concern the fact that you have to use two different elevators and on-site parking is 43.00 dollars a night. So prepare to spend a little more if you want the Omni to park your car	
Apr 27 2007	Great hotel	This a great property, excellent location and wonderful staff. Everyone was very accommodating and polite. The room I had was on the 23rd floor and was like a suite, with a living area and a bedroom. The living room was spacious, with a plasma TV, a desk and a couch. The beds were very comfortable and the toiletries of very good quality. In the closed they placed an umbrella, which came in handy, it rained the whole time I was in Chicago. The internet connection is $9.95/24hrs. Great place, I will return for sure.	
Apr 27 2007 	Fantastic Service	This was our first time to Chicago and we really enjoyed this hotel. The room was a great size with a lounge area and nice views. The location could not have been better right on Michigan Avenue, perfectfor shopping, restaurants and visiting the Hancock Building. The famous Uno pizza restaurant is right around the corner. The staff were really helpful, the doorman always remembered us. The restaurantand bar were really good - you can sit and eat overlooking Michigan Ave below. Gym was small but functional. Would recommend.	
Apr 14 2007 	Omni - Chicago is very nice!	I stayed here for a conference in early April 2007. I loved this hotel- the room was big, had three separate rooms, ample workspace, plasma TV in the main room, regular tv in the bedroom.The staff was friendly and attentive and the location is amazing - just off the magnificent mile (20 feet) and close to the Apple store.My only quibble was that I had to take a first elevator to the 3rd floor (front desk) and then get into another elevator to get up to my floor. A little inconvenient and if the hotel got busy (which it didn't) things might have slowed down a lot. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Feb 21 2007	Excellent Location Great Rooms	We decided to get away for a quick weekend and chose the Omni Chicago due to the photos we saw online and the very reasonable room rate which was $229 per night. The actual room did not disappoint. The room was very large and had plenty of space. The bathroom was large and very accomodating. There were good size windows in both the living area and bedroom. The bedroom has its own set of doors closing it off from the living area. The living area was okay, the flat screen on the wall was nice, but considering the actual sofa in the living area was uncomfortable and on the cheaper side, I think the flat screen would have been better served in the bedroom versus the TV that was in there; it was a regular TV inside of a wall unit with several drawers built into the wall. We chose to watch the TV in the bedroom versus the living area since it was much more comfortable. The king size bed was very comfortable and the bedding was nice, although they could have used a few more pillows for sleeping other than the many decorative pillows on the bed. The comforter was really nice and warm. The heating system in the room was excellent. The many ammenities in the room were very thoughtful; there was an umbrella in the closet, spray starch for ironing, etc. All the little things most places don't even think of. We had left the privacy sign on our door because we did not want housekeeping that day, but when we returned we found out that they had come in anyway, a big turn-off in my opinion. If you desire no housekeeping, make sure you tell the front desk in addition to leaving the sign on your door.We did not use the gym, pool or jacuzzi while we were there, but we found that they were very popular among the other guests. The pool and such are on the 5th floor. They seemed to be pretty clean and you could smell the strong odor of chlorine all throughout the 5th floor as soon as you stepped off the elevator, but not once you got into your room.My only complaint about the hotel, not a real big deal, but you have to use two elevators to get to your room. One takes you to the lobby area where you walk a bit around the corner and get on another elevator to get to your floor. Also, if you have your own car, be prepared to pay $43 a night for overnight parking. We took our chances and found free (after hours on weekend) street parking less than a half block from the hotel. The doormen are very friendly and helpful. Overall, I would definitely stay at the Omni again, as it's pricing is very good and the location is great.	
Feb 8 2007 	One of my favorite Chicago hotels	Great hotel in heart of Chicago for business or pleasure. Rooms are recently upgraded and very modern and large. Flat screen TVs, marble baths, all rooms are suites, great desk, kitchenette, comfortable bed, free wireless internet... everything you could ask for. Location is easy walk to Magnificient Mile and lots of great restaurants. Staff is friendly and helpful. Short cab ride to Loop.	
Feb 5 2007 	Wonderful!	Just got back from the coldest weekend ever in Chicago! The rooms and the service were awesome! The staff at the Omni made us feel so welcome and they were very accommodating. The only think I was disappointed about was the pool. It needs to be repainted. If you can look past the paint peeling at the bottom of the pool, you'll enjoy the water!! The temp. was perfect! The hot tub was a great night cap to a cold day! I would go back to the Omni in a heartbeat. It's got the perfect location on Michigan Ave. I booked the trip on NWA Cyberfares...it was fantastic!	
Feb 5 2007 	Excellent stay	My husband and I spent the night in Chicago at the Omni Chicago Feb 2, to Feb 3. Excellent stay, beginning with check in. The woman at the Front Desk was very friendly, helpful and fast. Our room was spacious, very clean and with all the amenities. We left for most of the day and when we returned our bed was turned down with little chocolates on our pillows and the hotel robe laying on the bed for our use if we choose. The bed was very comfortable, the pillows were ok. Still, we had a great night sleep. In the morning we ate at their restaurant, they had a breakfast buffet, but we ordered off the menu. Everything was delicious and the wait staff was excellent. We would definately stay at this hotel again. We used Express Checkout and left. Staying in a great hotel can make all the difference in how well you enjoy your mini trips. PS. We saw &quot;Wicked&quot;, it was excellent!	
Jan 30 2007 	Excellent weekend	Took my 3 daughters to Chicago for an American Girl Weekend. We stayed in a premium suite which was perfect. 2 double beds plus a sofabed. Wet bar, fully stocked mini bar, 2 tvs, nice bathroom.  Service was excellent. Everyone was friendly and eager to help with anything we needed. Called for extra pillows and they arrived in minutes. Free morning beverage service is nice touch for select guests. Called for extra beverages in a.m and again they arrived in minutes. Pool was small but more then adequate for the kids. Exercise facility was very nice. Plenty of cardio machines, a rack of dumbells, and a few hammer strength machines. Location was perfect for American Girl store, only a block and a half away.  Would definetly stay here again!	
Jan 29 2007 	great stay...	From a single male traveler's perspective in for a fun weekend in Chicago, the Omni was great all the way around. I had an early a.m. flight into O'Hare and rode the train downtown, which brought me to the Omni at about 10 a.m. I went in expecting to only be able to check my bags with the bell desk, but I was able to get into my room immediately. The front desk staff was cordial and efficient.The room was excellent. Clean, nicely appointed and comfortable. Plasma TV is great, bed really comfortable. When I noticed there wasn't any shampoo in the bathroom, I asked a housekeeper in the hallway if she could get me some and after seeing she didn't have any on her cart, she went to the stockroom and delivered it in about two minutes. Location can't be beat. Yeah, the two elevator thing is somewhat of a drag, but I never had to wait more than 30 seconds for an elevator over the course of 2. 5 days. You are walking distance to pretty much everything downtown, or at most a $6 cab ride.Only one minor complaint about the room, which other reviewers have noted--the refrigerator seems to run very warm. I didn't utilize the mini-bar, but was going to try to put some leftover deep dish in there but didn't trust the temp. Got a styrofoam cooler around the corner at the Walgreens and filled it with ice instead for my refrigeration needs.Wake up calls came on time, housekeep was unobtrusive and respected the Do Not Distrub sign when I slept in on Saturday.Friends who I was meeting in town were staying at House of Blues hotel and were quite jealous of my room at the Omni. I look forward to staying there again.	
Jan 27 2007	Omni was great... I love Chicago!	Stayed here with my boyfriend Jan 11-17, arrived in the afternoon and the bell boy took care of our luggage from our driver. Took the lift to the 3rd floor to check in. We had a corner room on the 18th floor. Everything was great in the room, nothing to complain about. Went out to eat that night and when we came back the housekeeping had been for the turndown service and all towels replaced! House keeping service the room twice daily. Requested a late check out of 5pm and that was no problem at all. Only one thing though - House keeping accidently took my towel as it was on similar colour! They offered to wash it and bring it back but I didn't want it back. All in all the hotel is in a great location, room are niceand clean; the beds super comfy and shower had good pressure and always had hot water and the staff are polite. When we left - had the bell boy take our luggage to hold onto till we left. Chicago is an abosolutely amazing city and I will definately be returning soon! If you're there over the weekend be sure to visit the Grand Lux Cafe for breakfast!! Yum!	
Jan 15 2007 	Horrible experience	We stayed here for a wedding and had nothing but problems. First we were told that we had to stay for 2 nights instead of just 1. The bride and groom handled this and got us a discount. However, when we got there, they couldn't find the reservation and the already stressed bride called the hotel again and spent about 45 minutes on the phone going thru confirmation numbers and who she spoke to and when. They FINALLY got this taken care of and we got the 2 bedroom suite which was nice for the four of us. However, it stops there. The water pressure was about like someone spitting on you. We had the 'do not disturb' sign on teh door, but housekeeping proceeded to try and key into the room. The location is nice as you are in the heart of everything, but that is all it had going for it. I called a couple days after we left to voice my concerns. I didn't want anything but possibly an apology to the newlyweds who had to deal with this the day of their wedding! I left voicemails on 4 different people's phones, never got a response so I kept calling. FINALLY I reached a very rude person who said that it wasn't their fault. It was the new people they had just hired who didn't know how to put the data into the computer (and WHO hired these people?). Very sad that we had to have such a horrible experience on a lovely wedding weekend.	
Jan 5 2007 	Nice but not fabulous	We have visited Chicago often but have never stayed at the Omni. We were looking for a hotel that could provide a 2 bedroom suite and the Omni was able to do that for a reasonable price. We had a king suite that adjoined to a double room which then, in essence, is the two bedroom suite.I do feel that it's above average, but was not blown away by anything.We had our 3 teenage kids and our niece that is in her mid 20's with us so this set up was ideal. In this same situation, we would stay here again. Check in was definitely weird because you come in to a lobby w/ a desk and, naturally, a line formed. A bunch of us stood there waiting for a clerk to become free. When she finally finished w/ the person she was helping she &quot;tuned into&quot; the line and said &quot;oh, check in is up stairs&quot;. Then once you get up to that level you have to take a different elevator to get up to the rooms. Not a big deal, really, but just kind of inconvenient if you're hauling bags.The rooms were clean and nice. Bathrooms felt a bit dated. Very well stocked mini-bar. Room service seemed to take a long time. Restaurant was good for breakfast.Cannot beat the location if you're shopping on &quot;The Miracle Mile&quot;.Would definitely stay here again with our family, but not when we're in town as a couple	
Jan 4 2007 	Great Location and Service	My husband and I just returned from the Omni. We were there for just a 2 night stay...December 29-31. Since it was a holiday weekend, the hotel, and the rest of the city was jammed. Our experience there was wonderful. We had a prompt and friendly check in. Our room was very comfortable and clean. Beautiful granite counters in the bathroom, pillow-top beds, and the living area were especially nice to relax in. I would encourage anyone who is considering a stay at the Omni to join the Select Guest program they offer. It's free, and little amenities like juice and coffee delivered to your room free in the morning are really nice. We called on the Concierge, both Amiri and Kevin, several times and each time they were able to help us and direct us to great restuarants, activities, etc. Both were very helpful and Amiri was kind enough to see that we got a wonderful bottle of wine or champagne on our anniversary. If/when we return to Chicago, I would most likely stay at the Omni again, especially if we could get the same great rate.	
Jan 4 2007 	Weird room set up	Check-in is on the second floor and then you take additional elevators to get to your room, so bring a suitcase with wheels. The bed was amazing, although they only gave you 2 pillows per bed, which made reading a little cumbersome. The room is set up very weird; you can't see the TV from the bed. Its an amazing flat screen televion which is bolted to the wall and the only way to see it is by sitting on the 2 chairs near the window. We rented a movie and actually moved the bed so we could see the TV. The concierge was very helpful and knowledgable. The front desk was not polite to say the least. I asked for a wine opener and it took 2 days before I finally got one, after asking 3 times. I guess I wasn't a priority in their eyes. The desk did not have an extra plug for my computer so I had to use it on another seat. They do have wireless internet. The location is excellent for shopping and dining on Michigan Ave. The bathroom was good but the closet was in the bathroom, which again was a little weird. Overall I'd say the location was excellent but the hotel needs someone to make some ergonomic changes.	
Jan 3 2007 	Ok but not fantastic	Had a good price so couldn't really complain but the hotel was overun with screaming kids. We called reception one night at 10.15pm as the corridor was full of kids yelling and banging doors. Security came and the mother just said &quot;so what&quot;!We asked for a slightly late check out but were refused as the hotel was full (we only wanted an hour and they didn't even check our room on the system)Nightmare leaving - we eventually reclaimed all our baggage from the store (5 bags including skis and boots) then had to move it ourselves - we'd just about finished loading it into the airport express van (with the drivers help) when a &quot;suit&quot; asked me how much longer we'd be (still not offering to help). Only worth it if you get a very good price, location excellent.	
Dec 26 2006 	Two Thumbs Up!!!!	Just returned from a X-Mas three day stay...... 1st class all the way. Located right in the heart of shopping it was a weekend of fun. An all suites hotel the room(s) were very comfortable with excellent housekeeping. The turndown service with the little extras (weather report and chocolates) were a nice surprise. Checked out the restruant a couple times for breakfast and was pleasantly satisfied. The staff, especially the door staff, recognizes you by name after awhile. Two thumbs up!!! Only negative would be the valet parking $40 p/day. However we stayed 3 nites and were only charged for 2 days parking. I am sure the rate at other downtown hotels would be the same. Conceriege was great in making reservations....	
Dec 22 2006 	A suite deal	My husband and I booked a last minute deal on a weekend stay at the Omni and it was much better than expected. From the minute we walked in the service was great. Our room was changed to a corner suite when we did not like the location of our first room. We asked for extra towels and housekeeping sent someone with a huge stack. The room was quiet and the bed was comfortable. The Valet parking is $40.00, but that is pretty much par for the course in this area of hotels. The restaurant is nice for breakfast, though a bit expensive(but worth it). I really liked the idea of the suite, it felt like there was a lot of room, and there was a plasma t.v.The location certainly can't be beat. All in all for a night in the city this was an excellent choice!	
Nov 30 2006 	A good value	We have stayed at many of the moderately-priced hotels in the neighborhood, including the Westin, Hyatt, Sheraton, Radisson, Courtyard, Fitzpatrick, Doubletree, Drake, and Wyndham. The Omni is a favorite. All of these hotels place you just steps from the heart of the Michigan Ave shopping area. For the money, (make sure you add in a $40.00 nightly parking fee) the Omni delivers a more upscale experience. Unlike the other hotels listed, most of the rooms here have a view of the city that is spectacular. The quiet 3rd floor lobby, common areas, pool, whirlpool and exercise rooms are very nice. The valet, bellman and front desk service, along room service meals were just fine. The staff, without exception, were very pleasant. The rooms include a large plasma TV, a spacious suite configuration, and a nice bath and pantry area with marble counters. The sitting room could have used another chair, but the desk and couch were adequate. The carpeting in the rooms was a little worn and drab, and the woodwork / doors showed some scuff marks, but otherwise there was nothing negative about the environment. The sitting room could have used another chair, but the desk and couch were adequate. If you are traveling alone on business, the Wyndham is less expensive, and a very nice choice. If you are traveling with children (and could use extra space) or if you are looking for something a little nicer, the Omni is well worth the money.	
Nov 15 2006 	Standard Issue Business Suite Hotel	Stayed here for two nights on a business trip. While not bad by any means, the decent-sized suite is fairly characterless and in fact a little cold (style, not temperature.)Thought the food at 646 on the fourth floor was terrific. I had a late night snack with a salad; flat-bread pizza was fantastic with a great glass of wine.Our big complaint was valet parking. They require 30 minutes notice to bring your car around, and then did not deliver in that time frame several times - didn't even have record of our request once.All in all, don't think you can go wrong in this great downtown location, but you could certainly find more interesting places to stay, if that matters to you. Given how much I travel for business, I like to be pampered a little more and be in more interesting surroundings.	
Nov 8 2006 	Not What We Expected	I have been meaning to write a review of the Omni but wasn't sure if people would believe it as most of the reviews are quite high. We stayed here for 5 nights. The room was fine when I walked in. But about five minutes or so I was all congested. Thought it might have been from the flight.I then noticed there was dust everywhere. The TV, the Minibar, and worst of all the air vent. It was literally hanging off the vent. I called down to front desk they said they would send housekeeping up. After 30 minutes of waiting and noticing other things. A bathroom door that wouldn't close, broken light fixtures, a toe or fingernail on the bed. broken bathroom fixtures. This place was a dump. Hopefully the pictures will show some of it. I could go on and on.Almost 90 minutes later the hotel manager came up to look at the room, Both he and head of housekeeping were &quot;shocked&quot; at the room. We were moved to another room, not as large as this one was because the hotel was completely booked, or so I was told.I stayed at the Omni once prior and have to say was very impressed. But this will be the last time. Sad to say.The hotel did cut the rate of our 5 day stay, but doesn't explain how a hotel of this caliber let a room like this pass any inspection.	
Nov 2 2006 	Very comfortable	We were there as part of a convention, so we got a great deal on rates. The rooms were well appointed. The bedroom itself is small, but with the sitting room, there was plenty of space. The thing I liked most, and this is minor, was that the shower curtain is on a rounded rod so it gives the illusion that the tub is bigger than it is, but the curtain doesn't touch you at all (ewww) when you are showering. I had room service several times and they were very prompt, and it was a nice presentation. Ate in the on site restaurant twice....good, but pricey. Looked like they needed more business. Nice view of Michigan Avenue. The desk staff was a little stuffy, but the doormen were very helpful and friendly. One doorman replaced my Omni supplied umbrella when the &quot;windy&quot; city shredded it. One thing that surprised me was there isn't much of a lobby area; you have to go up an elevator from the street to check in, which is a little confusing until you get the hang of it. Small added bonus: Michael Jordan has an office in the adjoining building (half the hotel is offices), and I glimpsed him one morning. Was hoping for Oprah, but that didn't happen.	
Oct 31 2006 	Shwanky!!!!!!!	The Omni is right in the heart of things and is very upscale. It is an all suite hotel and I had one of the basic ones (called a deluxe king suite I think). I got a good rate for the dates and star level through hotwire so I was a little concerned, but I needn't have been. It is absolutely clean. It is very roomy with deluxe bedding, upscale designed wood, marble and granite everywhere. Plasma TV in the sitting room and another TV in the bedroom, free wifi. It was very roomy. Great Wolfgang Puck coffee in the room. A CD player in the alarm clock. Electronic temp control. Wetbar. I enjoyed the view from the 20th floor. The artwork in the elevator and lobby were probably done in China in a factory to look like real artwork (yuck). I thought the desk people were decent, but I felt there was a general lack of warmth and helpfulness that was so evident in my stay at the Hotel Indigo the night previous. It made me feel less than welcome, so the &quot;shwank&quot; was wasted on me. I did like the conveniences. Valet parking is 40.00 a night so ask about self park, it is just around the corner under some shopping mall (I can't for the life of me remember what it was called) for 28.00 a night. It is valet too, just not from right in front of the hotel. Great location if you want to do the shops on Mag Mile. Short bus or cab rid to other downtown sights like the Art Institute or King Tut (Field Museum). I didn't have time to check out the resturants, but there have to be so many really good ones nearby, it's Michigan Ave. There are sirens and other loud street noises as you might expect dowtown, but I was able to sleep with earplugs. This would be a very nice place for a romantic weekend or a business trip.	
Oct 3 2006 	Top notch choice	I stayed at the Omni for a 9 day business trip. The hotel is well located, immediately across from the Apple Store on N Michigan Ave. The room was a King bedroom and a small living room area with plasma TV. I thought it was a pretty good value at about $260 per night, compared with the other recommended convention hotels, which did not appear to be as nice and were more money. Room and service were really top notch - extremely clean, very friendly staff and desk clerks. Minor annoyances included no ethernet port in room (but there was high speed wifi connection), no gift shop or news kiosk in hotel. I tried the 676 restaurant on the 4th floor several times, and while service was great, food quality was uneven. A peppered tuna entre was virtually inedible, while a special pasta dish was wonderful. If I were going back to Chicago and wanted to stay on the Magnificent Mile, I would definitely stay at the Omni again. I recommend a restaurant about five or six blocks west of the hotel on Huron, called Allen's - the new American Cafe, which was very good and less expensive than the hotel restaurant.	
Sep 25 2006 	Great Spot 	All of the reviews are true and we loved our stay. You can't ask for a better location and the rooms are VERY spacious. Do yourself a favor and check out the breakfast @ the hotel restaurant.	
Sep 9 2006	All you can ask for.......	Everything has been said about the location and the rooms etc., but I will tell you about the service we encountered. On arrival our mini-bar seemed very warm and I called the desk. Within 5 minutes someone from engineering was up to inspect and told us due to the renovations they didn't leave enough breathing room for some of the mini bars and this was causing problems which they are in the process of fixing. 10 minutes later we had a small fridge in our room which they transferred everything toand gave us a free night to use use the mini bar stuff. Nice touch. That afternoon we asked the concierge for a steakhouse recommondation and he suggested and set up a resservation for Rosebud which was top notch. The guys outside the front door were very helpful with little tips here and there plus an umbrella for when it rained on us. We had a suite that was smaller than some others we saw but it was more than enough for 2. The plasma was of course was great. To me, service is paramount and this place was was outstanding.	
Sep 2 2006 	Good hotel	We stayed at Omni for 3 days in August. The hotel is very good. Service is above average, altough the price is not cheap. Location is perfect for shopping and leisure (and restaurants). The room was ok, enough space, 2 TV, clean and the bathroom quite large and very well furnished. If back to Chicago I will stay again here.	
Aug 30 2006	Great Room	The Omni Chicago Hotel is an all suites hotel and the room I stayed in was great. Large king bed, which was very comfortable and a nice, large bathroom. My room had a desk and a flat screen television. The staff was very friendly as well.	
Aug 28 2006	great location great staff great amenity	In late may, i've paid a visit to Chicago on business for one week. I have read some good things about this hotel so i thought i should try it out (also it is listed in our approved corp travel list). i am quitee finicky when it comes to overnight accommodation so i also try to do ample research on hotels to ensure i have a good stay at a foreign city. Omni Chicago did not disappoint! every room in this establishment is set up as a suite so you have a lot more space that most hotels offer for a standard room. the flat panel tv was a treat in the living area where there was also a work desk and sofa. The bathroom was immaculately clean, bright and large. Their turndown service was especially sweet with individually wrapped chocolate and a color coded weather card (indicating the next day's weather and temperatue) on the pillow which are indicative of their attention to details. My stay also included the following amenities (no additional charge):  - wireless internet in the room  - access to gym (not big, but adaquate for a quick workout) as well as pool and jacuzzi - complimentary 'express' breakfast (allowing you to select from an limited menu offering choices of juice, bagels, and newspaper) delivered to your room at time specified by you - transport to downtown chicago where my office locatesNot to mention perfect location, right off of michigan avenue for shopping and good restaurant. I did not try their in house restaurant since there are so many other choices near by... but i can't imagine it being too bad. My old &quot;not so perfect&quot; experience was that they mixed up my transporation reservation and about 1/2 hr before my scheduled time, they called me and indicated that the car wasn't available for me (as the person who made the resv for me has double-booked). However the concierge was apologetic got me a cab instead and insistied on paying for the ride. Omni would be my choice next time again in Chicago!	
Aug 28 2006 	Loved the Omni but watch out for the pool!!	My husband and I travel to Chicago between 3-4 times a year. We have stayed at various hotels in our stays, but we were very excited to stay at the Omni. The location looked great and we have heard nothing but rave reviews from friends and family that have stayed with the hotel in the past.We arrived early and our room was ready. The Omni met our every request - high floor and early check in. That was fantastic! Room - the room was more than what we imagined. We had read one review that warned travlers that it is much smaller than what is pictured. To us, it was absolutely perfect. The room was large enough for 4 adults if needed and it was nice how the restroom area could be blocked off from the front living space and the bedroom. (We booked a deluxe king suite).Problems: Let me say this, the staff was over the top outstanding, but we did encounter some areas of concern. First, our toilet leaked. We did let the front desk know, they told us someone would check it out. Second, on our last day of our stay, I made the mistake of walking the a/c unit controls to adjust it, and walked in only my socks. The entire floor near the controls was saturated with water. Since it was our last day, the front desk said they would have someone look at it after we left. Third, the housekeeping staff changed our sheets each night. On the second night of our visit, there were large reddish stains on the fitted sheet. I assumed they were blood stains, so we put a blanket down and we pulled the sheet off; they were changed the next day, but how gross is that?Main Problem - the pool area. It is very small and the pictures make it look larger than it is. Since we do travel a lot, my husband and I enjoy soaking in a nice hot tub or going for a swim. We were only able to use the facility once, the day before our departure. We sat in the small hot tub (only fits 3 people at a time) and then went for a swim. We each showered off after the swim because the chlorine was pretty stinky. The next morning, I noticed small, red bumps all over my chest area. We flew home and the bumps got worse. I went to our doctor who told me it was phalicilitus (sp??) which is a bacterial rash caused from the pools not being properly balanced with chemicals so the bacteria does not die. I was put on antibiotics and have a bunch of anti-itch creams. I contacted the Omni and have been referred to the Director of Security. (Not sure what he can do for me??). Overall, the trip was good, the room was nice and the location was outstanding. I have learned my lesson about public pools though!I would recommend staying at the Omni again, infact we probably would stay there too; we just won't be going in the pool!	
Aug 20 2006 	Excellent Location	This hotel is awesome. The location is excellent and the staff was very helpful. The concierge always pointed us in the right direction and they even have a hotel car that will take you to some of the local attractions. The rooms are spacious and clean. I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 8 2006	Enjoyable stay	My husband and I stayed at the Omni Chicago hotel over July 4th weekend. The hotel suite was great, plenty of room to relax in both the living room and bedroom. The hotel is in a fantastic location and we were able to quickly access major tourist destinations easily from there. The room has a nice plasma tv with granite countertops in the bathroom and minibar. There are no soda machines and the mini bar prices are high so we walked 2 blocks north to the Walgreens and got drinks and snacks from there. There is an ice machine on every floor. We used the really nice fitness center which had good workout equipment. A new Gino's East Pizza had just opened only 2 blocks away and we very much enjoyed eating there. One thing that needs improving -- the room safe is outdated and needs updating to the typical electronic room safes. Additionally, several times we tried to speak to the concierge in person but she was always on the phone; one time we were waiting right in front of her and she took a call that was on hold instead of speaking with us, so we just walked away. All in all, the hotel met our expectations and we would definitely return.	
Aug 7 2006	Beautiful	I stayed at the Omni with a Band that what in town. The room was amazing. Just walking in, the hotel was gorgeous. I have no complaints. Prompt Room service, Friendly front desk. Many shops, beautiful fountin. Just an all around great hotel in a great City.	
Jul 13 2006	Omni is spectacular!	My family of four just returned from a four night stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel. The service at this hotel is terrific. Everyone, from the doorman to the concierge, was friendly and professional. The suites/rooms are newly renovated and are large and comfortable. We had maid service twice daily and they did a great job at anticipating our needs and keeping the room clean and organized. Everything we asked for was delivered promptly and courteously. As members of the Select Guest program, we received complimentary beverages and a newspaper each morning and the kids got cookies and milk on our first night there. We did not eat at the hotel restaurant but did enjoy drinks in the beautiful lounge overlooking Michigan avenue. The location of this hotel is also an advantage as it is right in the middle of Michigan Ave.; close to the John Hancock tower, Water Tower Place, Rush street and miles of fantastic shopping. Don't miss Garrett's popcorn, right around the corner, for a delicious snack! Chicago is a great city to visit and has much to be proud of including it's &quot;world class&quot; service and beautifully maintained gardens and parks. When you visit next, I'd highly recommend a stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel.	
Jul 11 2006	Very Pleasantly Surprised!	We wanted a place on the middle-to-Northern part of Michigan Avenue and stay at a very nice place. I labored over which hotel to select. Initially I thought the Park Hyatt would be the best place for the money in meeting my expectations, however, it was going to cost nearly twice as much. I finally decided to take a chance and selected the Omni, but was afraid it might end up being a disappointment. Not the case! Our room was on the 23rd floor. The suite was not huge, but very suitable for the two of us. The hotel staff was very friendly and accommodating in all respects. This hotel represents an excellent value given its location, and I would recommend it.	
Jun 22 2006	Beautiful	We stayed for one night at the Omni in Chicago for my boyfriend's birthday. I requested the &quot;Romance Package&quot; which included a corner room on a very high floor. (I can't remember which floor, sorry). Upon arrival we were greeted by a beautiful room with a chilled bottle of champagne (White Star...nice!) and the concierge had come through with our reservations at the Capital Grille and VIP passes to Le Passage. Our room was absolutely fabulous, beautiful bathroom, great amenities, mini fridge and sitting area with two large chairs. The bed was very comfortable as well. There was a flat-screen tv and a nice desk--if you go there to do work--which we certainly did not!Breakfast was included in our package and it was delivered promptly the next morning. Food was okay, considering it was room service. We had a late checkout that was again included in our package so we decided to go for a walk around the city. The hotel is perfectly located, right on Magnificient Mile, Michigan Avenue. If you want to go shopping or just see the sights, it is perfect.I regret staying only one night at this hotel, I foolishly decided to book another hotel for my second night and wish I had just ponied up the money for the Omni. The package online at the Omni was $199, and worth every penny. I am a seasoned traveler, both work and play and I enjoy staying at the finer hotels. This one certainly fit the bill.	
Jun 14 2006	Great Location Great Service Great Hotel	This is a beautiful hotel in a terrific location. All of downtown Chicago is easily accesible from this hotel. They also have a town car with a driver who will take you wherever you want to go during the day- this is a great service and you should definitely take advantage of it. The only problem I had while staying there is that the fitness room was under renovation and so they had moved the equipment into some extra rooms. So that was a drawback, but I'm sure the new gym that opens will be nice.Also, they could benefit from making the furniture in the sitting rooms more comfortable. But overall a great hotel- and they have deals during the off-season so even the budget conscious can afford to stay at certain times during the year.	
Jun 3 2006 	Great Hotel Excellent Location	My sister and I decided to get away for the weekend and meet in Chicago. She had heard great things about the Omni, so we decided to stay there in November 2005. The Omni Chicago is located right on Michigan avenue, which was great, because we could just walk ouside the hotel and immediately enjoy walking the Magnificent Mile. From the moment we pulled our rental car up the hotel, the bell staff were extremely friendly and very helpful. Surprisingly, they were the ones that demonstrated what customer service should be. When we got inside the hotel to check in, we experienced the complete opposite. We patiently waited for someone to acknowledge us. No one else was standing in front of us. This lady behind the desk looked up at us, didn't say a word then continued what she was doing. She could have said, &quot;I'll be right with you.&quot; We didn't mind waiting, but some sort of acknowledgement would have been nice. Finally, she looks up, puts out her hand (as if to motion us to come) and still doesn't say a word. I'm surprised she didn't whistle and pet us once we approached the desk. No &quot;Welcome&quot; or &quot;Hello&quot; or anything! She was downright rude and made us feel like we didn't deserve to be there. (We're in our 20's, are young professionals who were raised with excellent manners, and came dressed nicely--not in anything inappropriate). I guess because we didn't look rich or established to her, we didn't deserve any bit of service. After she checked us in, she gave us our room keys, and again, didn't say a word. She never pointed out where the elevators were, so we had to search for them.That was the only bad experience. The room we had was very nice, chic and modern with warm colors. The view is typical of a city view...lots of buildings. There was a large bedroom, a sitting area with a desk and a moderate sized bathroom. The beds were very comfy. I really liked all the rooms except for the bathroom...it was dim and didn't seem to fit with the room, because it wasn't that nice and looked like any other bathroom at a Holiday Inn. The restaurant is average. However, the room service is excellent and the food delicious...definitely as if we were dining in an upscale restaurant. The desserts were also very good. In summary, it's a great place to stay if you want to be close to all the shops and restaurants on Michigan Avenue. The bell desk staff should teach the front desk staff how to be professional and welcoming. They deserve the highest praise and made up for the rude front desk person.	
May 13 2006 	Exceeded Every Expectation	I traveled to Chicago on business this week but had an opportunity to bring along my wife and two young (&lt;3 years old) children. I chose the Omni for it's location and &quot;suite&quot; configuration.Over the past 20 years, I have stayed at every high end hotel in Chicago except The Peninsula. WIthout a doubt, I have never stayed anywhere -- Chicago or otherwise -- where the staff was more energized about customer satisfaction. I was left to want for NOTHING during my stay whether it was needing an umbrella (they have a zillion near the entrance doors) or extra cookies for the turn-down service. They even brought a high chair from the restaurant up to our room for us to use with my 11 month old for in-room dining throughout our entire 4 night stay. The doorman helped my wife, struggling with both kids and all their packages, out of a taxi on a very rainy afternoon then read the driver the riot act for not getting out of his warm dry seat and helping them himself. Even the hotel operator was overly friendly and would follow up to see that the appropriate person got back to us to address our needs. This is a group of top flight professionals. They make the staffs at the FS &amp; RC look a little better than average and at half the cost.The room was fine -- plenty of room for the four of us with two queens in the BR and a sofa bed in the salon. The kids actually slept best when they slept on the floor (on extra comforters and blankets cheerfully and quickly delivered by the HK staff) instead of the provided crib and sofa bed. (By the way, friends got a room w/ a King and their salon had two chairs instead of the sofa bed.) The Salon has a wet bar, good desktop workspace and a big (42inch?) Panasonic plasma (the one in our friends' room had lots of problems but ours worked flawlessly). There is a smaller CRT TV in the bedroom. The bathrooms are above average size and the shower pumps out lots of hot, steamy water with fabulous water pressure. Free wireless internet access (w/ a very strong signal and fast connection speeds) was a nice bonus and the savings (usually $15/day) needs to be considered when comparing the Omni to other hotels. Free shoeshine service is another great perk and greatly appreciated when the nasty weather takes its toll on your dogs.If I had to cite any negatives, I would have to get really picky. I guess that I could whine that the room decor looked a little dated but the materials and finishes were of very good quality. And the pocket door between the bathroom and BR rattled whenever you opened the door from the salon to the bathroom. It is easy to understand why Oprah outs her guests up here. Very good value for money.The location can not be beat -- at the corner of Michigan &amp; Huron -- makes for an easy walk to great dining, Water Tower, the Lakefront, Rush Street (aka the Viagra Triangle) and American Girl (anyone who has a young daughter knows why it is important to be close to this Shrine of American Merchandising Excess!!!).I agree with previous suggestions about joining the Special Guest (frequent visitor) program (gets you comp. beverage service and three newspapers every morning among other things) and requesting a high floor but disagree that the two elevator route to your room is a negative. I paid &lt;$300 a night and feel that the value far exceeded this price. Similarly, the staff (and really, my entire stay) exceeded all expectations. I would absolutely, positively stay here again as would my incredibly picky and hard-to-please wife.	
Apr 21 2006	Great stay at the Omni Chicago!	I stayed at the Omni Chicago over Easter weekend, and all I have to say is from the time I checked-in to the time I checked out, everything was easy and smooth. My bf and I knew we would be arriving in Chicago early morning and had called to see if early check-in was possible and was informed that check-in was at noon, however, they would be able to hold our luggages. Upon arriving early Friday morning 9:30am at the hotel, we tried our luck with early check-in and was very pleased to find that the room we reserved was available and we were able to check-in right away. We were also upgraded to the executive suite on the 24th floor. (25th floor being the highest) The suite was very nice, you have your own wet bar, dining table, living room, and two plasma tv's (one in the living room and bedroom) We had a corner suite with a decent view of the city and of Mag. mile. The Omni is great for their complimentary morning drinks and paper. The concierge was very helpful in recommending good diners/cafes for great morning breakfast. Don't miss the West Egg cafe for breakfast. The concierge also gave good directions to where we wanted to go. The hotel location is great in getting around to most of the museums and Grant park, etc. It is just one or two buses away and you can catch the bus right on mag mile without waiting for more then 5mins top! I recommend getting the CTA vistors pass, its well worth it instead of taking a cab. It is also close to John Hancock and the Water Tower so walking is a good way of getting around as well. Many Chicagoans recommended us taking a walk along Lake Michigan, and we did and thought it was really beautiful. So I would like to recommend anyone who hasn't, to do so as well. We asked the concierge about boat tours of the city and we were recommened to Wendella boat tours. We opt for 90mins river and lake tour, it was the highlight of our trip as we caught the last tour at 7pm and saw the city light up at dusk. We were also given free passes to a few bar/lounge by our concierge when we asked where were the nice night spots. The only cons I have to say about the hotel would be that the suite did not have a full length mirror anywhere in the room, and the only mirror was in the bathroom. Also, a couple of times we wanted to take a swim in the hotel pool but everytime we went it was crowded with people or kids, and since the pool and hot tub is kind of on the small side, it just seemed really cramped. So we weren't able to take a dip.All in all, we really enjoyed our stay at the Omni. We had a choice between the Sofitel or the Omni, but choose the Omni because of a great price we were able to get and when we arrived we found that the Omni was still a better choice in terms of great location, great customer service, and superior room selection. We loved our trip to Chicago and would definitely stay at the Omni again.	
Apr 1 2006	A very nice hotel in a great location	Our family just returned from a week in Chicago, and a great stay at the Omni. My family of 5 had two suites on the 18th floor that we booked through PriceLine at $100 per room. Those rooms go for $275 and up. It was my first experience with Priceline and my first stay at the Omni/Michigan Avenue. It's a great hotel. The employees were all very nice and very helpful. The rooms were big, clean and had all we needed. The bathrooms were fine. Not the Ritz, but clean, and fine. The beds were very comfortable. The health club and pool had been recently refurbished and were very nice. The restaurant was also very nice, but not cheap. A cup of coffee was $4.00, but the service was great. I can't understand the other reviews that were negative about this hotel. It's in a great location and I would def. stay here again with my family.	
Mar 10 2006 	A good hotel for business travelers	I have stayed twice at the Omni in the past year on business trips to Chicago. It is not the most glamorous hotel in Chicago, but I have been satisfied nonetheless due to its large rooms/suites and its helpful staff. On both visits to the Omni, I have been given a suite with a bedroom and a living room, which had a nice plasma TV. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was also very nice. My wakeup calls were delivered on time and with a friendly voice. The bar was a pleasure and the front desk staff was very friendly and courteous. I didn't try the health club, which has drawn a few negative commens on this website. Also, a work colleague of mine once got a room next to the elevators and had trouble getting a good night's sleep - insist on a room away from the elevators. Overall, I am a fan of this hotel and plan to return. Its positives far outweigh its negatives.	
Feb 27 2006	Great location greatly overpriced	Make sure you ask to stay on a really high floor or your view will be of an enormous air conditioning unit, as ours was (floor 7). I called for a rollaway bed to be delivered while we were out for the evening but when we returned (11:30pm), no bed. To the staff's credit, when I called to again request it, they responded within 5 minutes. Not sure why this hotel is outrageously expensive ($300?!), other than the fabulous location. Have certainly experienced better appointed rooms, softer blankets and nicer bathroom lotions at other, way less pricey hotels (like nearby Hotel Allegro). All in all, we did have a good stay, but simply because of the friendly staff and location. Was NOT impressed with the breakfast. I'd bet my life that the french toast I ordered had been made hours earlier, and kept on a warming tray. Definitely eat elsewhere.	
Feb 10 2006	Great Stay Great Price	My partner and I live in Chicago bit decided to spurge for a birthday and stayed one nite here. We got a great rate thru Hotwire, 80 dollars plus tax. The lobby was beautiful as well as our room. we got a nonsmoking King, with a great view of Hancock building. THe room was spotless and well appointed and the bathroom huge. The location is in a quiet residential area but just two blocks off of all the hustle and bustle of Rush Street. A word to the wise, avoid the overpriced Cape Cod room at the Drake. My food was okay, but my partners was below average, and the bill was 140 without tip, and neither of us drink!!! On Sunday nite my partner got deathly ill, which we attributed to the food. On Monday we read in the paper that an entire group of people came down with norovirus that weekend, a gastrointestinal illness. We'll never go there again. For a great brunch, however, go the Signature Room on the 95th floor of the Hancock. Fabulous food, pricey $42 a head, but worth it. Make a reservation early to get a window table.	
Feb 10 2006 	Great shopping location!!!	My husband and I stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel for a weekend at the end of January. The rooms were very clean and cozy. Not quite as big as the pictures make them out to be, but nice. The bed was extremely comfortable that I slept so well both nights and was suprised how quiet the rooms were despite being downtown. The pool was very small and the hot tub looked as though it could barely fit two people, so we skipped the swimming. We had breakfast both mornings in the hotel restaurant which was kind of pricey but the food was pretty good. Both mornings we ended up with the same waiter who didn't seem as though he wanted to be there and wasn't very talkative, but all other wait staff seemed friendly and helpful. The location of this hotel was convenient for shopping and dining with many many shops and restaurants within close walking distance. The front desk staff was also very friendly and accommodating. We had a 9pm flight home on Sunday and were able to get a 2pm check out without charge and then they held all of our bags and luggage for us until about 7pm. All in all it was a nice hotel. I would definitely stay again.	
Jan 31 2006	Beware of recreational facilities	Please be aware that the health club is completely under renovation and will not be completed for some months. Also, the indoor pool is completely outdated and showing in its age. Do not stay at this hotel if the recreational facilities are important for you and or your family. The rooms however are very pleasant. The restaurant (696) is completely overpriced. You will receive much better food and services at the Grand Luxe Restaurant down the street.	
Jan 21 2006	Great location terrible 'health club'	I just stayed at the Omni Hotel on Michigan Avenue in Chicago. The hotel was fine, but if you need a health club, forget it. It's two converted hotel rooms crammed with equipment. I was very disappointed to say the least.	
Dec 17 2005	Great Girl's Weekend!	Booked two suited for 5 girls for a shopping weekend at an amazing rate that included $25 per day in room service credits. Rooms are huge and the bedding is some of the most comfy I have ever slept in--and that includes the &quot;Heavenly Beds&quot; they have at other chains, as well as various Four Seasons. In fact, I usually stay at the Four Seasons when in Chicago, but I was planning a stay for several people and wanted to be more conscious of budget in order to accomodate everyone. Nice plasma screen TV's, reasonably good bath products, bath robes, tasteful furniture, and a really good flow to the room with more than enough room for 3 adults, or a family to fit comfortably. The only cons I can mention are the walls ARE a bit thin as mentioned in other reviews. You can easily hear people talking in the hall and one night we were awoken at 3AM with the drunken giggling and screams of several girls. Annoying, but I fell right back to sleep. Room service was prompt and the food very good--the fruit was fresh and included some of the biggest blackberries I have seen. Staff was always friendly and ready and willing to help--that being said, I believe in tipping when someone provides you with a service (housekeeping, bell services, concierge) and it may be reflected in their attitude. Although, everyone was very friendly even upon arrival at 11PM in a snowstorm. Check-in a breeze--literally took 30 seconds. Cannot recommend the hotel membership enough--it includes free beverages in the morning and since I always start the day with a Diet Coke anyway, it was a nice little extra. For the price I paid, I could not have been happier. I may stay there in the future over any other hotel because I just felt as though I received so many value added services (late 5PM check-out, free beverages, lovely turn-down, etc.)	
Dec 14 2005	Fabulous Spacious and Cozy Location !!!	I take my 3 daughters downtown for a &quot;Holiday Getaway&quot;every year. Have stayed everywhere from Four Seasons to the Ritz to the Drake. Last year we chose Omni Suites. WOW, the rooms were spacious, beautiful, andmy girls flipped over the warm chocolate chip cookies and milk at &quot;turn down&quot;. It was special &quot;Holiday Rate&quot; that cost us very little. I would back there in a second and rate it WAY above the Ritz. NO comparison. You will be shocked at the size of these rooms. Can't wait to go back.	
Dec 12 2005	Loved the Omni Chicago	I loved the Omni. Everything was clean and the rooms were large. The service was excellent, beds were very comfortable and the location was perfect. Also be sure you sign up for the select guest membership. It is worth it!!	
Nov 13 2005	sleepless in Chicago	Stayed at the Omni for a weekend shopping trip and have been to a number of other hotels on the Magnificent Mile. Room was a suite with pull-out couch in parlor--extremely uncomfortable for my 16 yr old. Room was tiny/cramped and king bed uncomfortable. Bathroom was large but dated, with odd layout and not enough hooks/towel racks. Most interesting problem was that the room on the 19th floor &quot;squeaked&quot; all night due to the wind rocking the building structure! Although the movement of the building was not discernable, this squeaking noise made it impossible to sleep. Location was good, but this hotel is nothing special and the structural idiosyncracy makes it not worth the $300+ per night.	
Nov 2 2005	Very pleased with the Omni!	First off, despite it's Michigan Avenue address, the entrance to this hotel is on Huron, and if you were driving along Michigan, you just might miss it. There was one tiny sign on Michigan, which I did notice, but only because I was walking. Once inside the entrance, you have to take an elevator to the 3rd floor check-in area. Check in was easy - no mention of Hotwire, whom I had booked through, and the front desk clerk even attempted to find me an upgraded room as I had brought an upgrade certificate that I received when I joined Omni's Select Guest Program. Unfortunately, they had all been assigned to members of a wedding party that were staying there. So I guess we'll save that certificate for another time (and I do hope to stay there again.) Since this hotel is an all suite property, I wasn't too disappointed.Initially I was assigned a suite with 2 double beds on the 19th floor (my request as I was staying with a friend who was meeting me later.) Unfortunately, there was a problem with the pocket door from the bedroom into the bathroom. It was broken and stuck - could not be opened or closed. Privacy was going to be an issue, so I called the front desk. They then assigned me a corner king suite on the 17th floor, as no other doubles were available at the time - I was okay with the idea and the clerk assured my I would like the room better as it had more windows and better views. Oddly enough, I didn't like it better. There wasn't much to look at out the windows (facing south onto Michigan the views were obscured. And the extra window was behind the bed and it was very difficult to open the roman shade.) To boot, there was a VERY loud family staying in the room next door - as this was a &quot;girls night out&quot; without our kids, I really didn't want to deal with the noise. So I called down to the front desk again - they were very gracious and understanding, and offered to get another double room serviced for me, and told me to make myself at home in the king suite while I waited. About a half-hour later, they called to tell me my room on the 10th floor was ready - just in time for my friend to join me. This room was perfect - the bedroom had two doubles, with luxurious bedding (Triple sheeted with a down blanket and a down comforter.) Bedrooms have a closet and plenty of drawer space, as well as a TV and CD player/clock/radio. They are separated from the sitting area by French doors. Our parlor had 2 lounge chairs, which was just what we wanted (the other suites I saw had sofa beds, which I'm sure works nicely for some guests.) There is a nice wet-bar area in this room, but the fridge is stocked. Not an issue for us as we were drinking red wine and didn't need a fridge. And unlike some suite hotels, these do not have microwave ovens. There is also a nice sized desk over by the window. The sitting room was quite large and could have easily accomodated more furniture. The furnishings and decor were very modern - warm shades of green and burgundy and no loud floral patterns on the drapes or bedspreads. Another highlight of this property is the large plasma TV in the sitting room - it was probably wasted on two old friends who were too busy yakking to watch TV (fyi, the TV's in the bedrooms are NOT plasma.) Finally, the bathroom was fine - not spectacular, but elegant with a marble floor and vanity top. The towels (and robes) were soft and fluffy. They had one of those rounded shower curtain rods which makes the bathtub feel a little more spacious. Water pressure in the shower was great and hot water plentiful. I didn't take any pictures of the room but the ones on Omni's website are very accurate. I really loved these rooms - and the hotel staff was wonderful and attentive. The location of this hotel is perfect for shopping and dining alike. Views are nothing to write home about; if a great view is essential for you, stay over on Wacker or in River North. We cabbed it to the Oriental Theatre to see Wicked - less than $10 including tip. It was a comfortable fall night, so we walked back to the hotel from the theatre and it wasn't a bad trek. By virtue of my &quot;select guest&quot; status, we asked for, and were granted a 3PM check-out the next day, which allowed us to wait until after lunch to pack our bags. The preferred status is also supposed to get you turn-down service and a morning beverage - I didn't ask about either of these and I was perfectly content to make coffee in the room. While we were there, we ordered spinach pizza and a salad from Giordano's, about a block away on Rush Street - it was delivered in about a half hour for $27 including tip. I'm sure this was a much cheaper option than room service, although the prices looked pretty typical for a downtown Chicago hotel. We also didn't utilize the pool or hot tub (we were avoiding kids!)If you ever decide to stay here, do make sure to sign up for the Select Guest program a month or so ahead of time - it's free, and in addition to the free upgrade certificate, they send you a half-price room certificate good for weekend stay (based on availability, of course.) The late check out was an awesome perk and they will allow you to stay as late as 5PM. All in all, this was a great stay, made even better because we paid only $134 on Hotwire (less than half the normal room rate!)	
Oct 23 2005	perfect location excellent staff	staying in chicago is not cheap, so the least you expect is decent service. the omni excels in this respect - everyone was effortlessly competent and friendly. yes, the two stage lift is a bit of a nuisance, but you don't wait long. location is great, particularly if your partner is an Apple addict. comfy bed and, hurrah, plenty of storage in the bathroom - how often have you struggled to find somewhere to balance your washbag? on the downside, the fitness facilities aren't up to much and the wi-fi coverage was patchy. for classy cocktails before dinner, try the bar at the Park Hyatt.	
Jul 25 2005	Arrived happy..left in tears..	Arrived excited my first trip to chicago..Everyone impressed me so much, great attention to detail and friendliness. One of the doorman even helped me with my personal video. Arrived on a Friday , April 1st , 2005. But on the day I was to check out, while packing..I received a phone call that my mother had passed away. My heart was broken, but each and every staff person , after hearing my plight was as if I had known them for years, offers of tissues and hugs were all around. thank you all for your compassion. I will be back.	
Jul 23 2005	Inconsistent Service	My family stayed at the Omni hotel after hearing several positive reviews from other people who have stayed there. Despite renovations, the hotel is still in need of updating. We were placed in connecting rooms on the 12th floor. The toilet in one of the bathrooms flooded the floor every time we flushed. The service response was immediate, but the fix did not work and we had to call again. The Michigan Avenue traffic was extremely loud and nobody in my family slept the first night. They did move us to the 22nd floor which was much quieter. The doors are in need of replacement and do not have silencers which keep them from slamming. The doors were scratched and the hallway walls were damaged in many places. You have to take two elevators to get to the ground level, which some might find inconvenient. In response to our first night, they did provide us with a $50 breakfast voucher. We were supposed to have received care packages for each child, but they did not supply those when we checked in. We had to call down to the desk and have them sent up. The second day, after being away all day, we came back to rooms that had not been cleaned. We had to call around 4:00 and have the maid come up and clean. This was incredibly inconvenient, given we were traveling with three children and wanted the late afternoon to relax before we went to dinner. The air conditioning was freezing and unless you had it set on a low temperature, the humidity never escaped from the bathrooms which have no exhaust systems. The sliding doors to both bathrooms were broken, the mirror in one bathroom was rusted, and the coffee-maker was broken. The maids did not always replace the coffee. There was mold present in many places, including the bathtub and around the windows. There was rust around the pool. The picture of the pool online was nice, but it's actually representative of a high school gym from the 1970's. It was aluminum! The pool water was too hot (we heard several guests complaining) and the jacuzzi water was either scorching hot or freezing cold. The Concierge was never available when we called, although if we left a message they did return the call. The one time they did answer, they were not helpful. The service and experience was inconsistent all around. The only positive thing we remember was the Bell Captain. He was exceptional and great with our kids. However, we will not stay there again.	
Jul 20 2005	Not spectacular but nice little perks	First of all I think the renovations are complete so I did not have the problem of renovating noises. Even though the hotel is &quot;all suites&quot; I found it is no big deal as they are small suites. I can see how some people would find this not so attractive as each of the rooms are not that big ... they are not tiny but nothing spectacular.The rooms are nice decorated with Flat screen TV's on the wall and I did not have the problems that previous people complained about (the bed was great, nothing wrong with the curtains and windows, etc.). Again, the rooms are nice but nothing spectacular.The other thing that I find annoying is the 2 sets of elevators. You need to take a set of elevators up to lobby level and then change elevators to get up to the room. I found that bothersome, I know some of my friends find it &quot;secure&quot;.One thing I was very impressed about is their Omni Select program. I have never seen so many perks with a program - I would recommend joining it even if you are only going to stay there once. The best perks of that program are:- Late checkout up to 5pm- 2 free beverages of your choice (in a glass) in the morningYou also get free newspaper with that and exercise equipment in your room if you want but I don't see those as big deals ... Location-wise, Omni is great considering that it is just off Michigan Ave near all the shops. The Cielo resturant does have decent food and if you sit at the window you do get a spectacular view of Michigan Ave ... All in all, I had a very pleasant stay but I can get better hotels at lower prices ...	
Jun 29 2005	Excellent Hotel	This Omni is a great hotel. Good food, including 24-hour room service, excellent rooms, great service, in proximity to restaurants and night life. We stayed in a king corner suit with a city view on two sides, including a wall to wall window over the bed. We were able to walk to several restaurants (or take a quick cab). Serious shoping with-in walking distance. I think it would be rare to have a bad expierence here. Is it expensive - it can be. However, any decent hotel in Chicago is pricy. Definitely recommended.	
Jun 27 2005 	great location service and view	Stayed at the Omni for 5 nights in June 2005. After reading other reviews, passed on the 10th floor corner room and instead took the regular room on the 24th floor. Room was nice and comfortable. Giant flat screen TV, soft bed, good service(join the omni hotel program and you get a newspaper and drinks every morning). Location is in the middle of North Michigan and about 4 blocks to the Red Line. I would have rated 5 stars but it was a little expensive to stay here.	
Jun 26 2005 	Do Not Stay Here!!!!	Whomever renovated and designed this hotel, obviously doesn't stay in a lot of hotels!!! OK sized rooms, but lots of negative wall space. The bathroom was spacious, but with ONE HOOK on the wall. Are you kidding me? The windows go about half way up the wall and the curtains are eye level when you are in bed, so the morning sun comes BLARRING under the curtains and in your eyes, as soon as the sun comes up! BAD, bad design. The doors are heavy and guests/staff can be heard all day and night slamming doors! The headboard of the uncomforatble beds is attached to the wall and all night long there was a clicking noise; where I suppose the walls were expanding, can't really figure it out. All night, every night. I have not had a decent night's sleep for my entire 8 day stay!!!Omni Chicago is terrible for business travelers! Hardly any electrical outlets. The plugs to the lamps have some silly cloth thing to &quot;cover up&quot; the cords, which look worse than the cords themselves. Is it safe to have cloth touching the plug and electrical outlet? The Omni front desk also LOST!!! a very important FedEx package I had to send to my client in San Francisco for next day delivery. Of course I didn't find out till the next day... And why on earth would ANY hotel put children on a business floor?This was my make-or-break trip with Omni Hotels. I have stayed at the Omni Boston several times and was disappointed then, too. Very old hotel, miniture rooms and VERY expensive!!! According to my stay at Omni Chicago, I WILL NEVER STAY AT ANOTHER OMNI HOTEL EVER AGAIN!!!No one here takes any extra consideration to make sure you are having a pleasant stay. They kind of treat you like cattle. Get ya in and get ya out so they can occupy the next room. Absolutely no hospitality!!! If you do have to stay here, make sure your room doesn't face Michigan Ave. Sirens and motorcycles can be heard all night!PS: I went to the Peninsula Hotel for spa treatments and that looked like a nice place...	
Jun 25 2005 	Great location would stay here again!	Stayed here for 4 nights in June. The location on North Michigan Avenue is excellent. Within easy walking distance of shopping, great restaurants, the Red Line and sightseeing. The whole city is clean and pretty, we just had a great experience. The rooms are very nice with a flat screen TV in the sitting room, big, comfortable king size bed and excellent maid service. Our room had a great view of Michigan Avenue, although it could be a little noisy at night when emergency vehicles passed. Over all we had a great experience and I would definitely stay here again.	
May 19 2005 	Renovation Value Below Price	I have used the Omni as my base of operations when attending Trade Shows in Chicago and over the last few years it has become apparent that a change is needed. Now during renovation the noise is so loud you can't conduct business from the room during the day. The pool and hot tub are not available (taxi to a local health club not near as convenient). There is no free wireless internet. Yet the prices are still some of the highest in the area during show dates. Poor value, especially during the renovation. No wonder shows are leaving Chicago, costs and values are generally poor when compared nationally.	
May 13 2005	Wonderful hotel great bargain	My wife and I recently took a leisure trip to Chicago and were fortunate enough to have booked a room at the Omni Chicago. We had stayed at this hotel three years ago with our children. The rooms have been completely refurbished with plasma screen tvs, large marble bathrooms, new carpeting, upgraded amenities, additonal storage space, etc. This is the best hotel in Chicago for the money. We have stayed at the Ritz Carlton and Peninsua on prior occasions, both of which were wonderful experiences. However, the price of our room for three nights at the Omni was just slightly more than one night at the Ritz or Peninsula. Additionally, the staff was efficient, prompt, knowledgeable and friendly. Room service was completed in a timely manner. The location is right on Michigan Avenue about a block from the Water Tower and is convenient to world-class shopping and great restaurants. Our stay could not have been nicer. Join the Select Guest Program (free) for additional and complimentary amenities.	
Apr 27 2005	Great Location!!	Just returned from a long weekend at the Omni Chicago. My husband and I have stayed here several times in the past. The location is unbeatable, easy walking to all of the wonderful shopping and restaurants. The staff is friendly and helpful, especially the bell staff. We stayed in a renovated king suite. The new decor is nice, a little dull, but nice. The new plasma TV's are great and all the rooms have them. The pillow top bed was great, a much needed upgrade. The only thing bad I can say about the renovations would be that it looked like they really rushed through them. The work looked a little &quot;shotty&quot;. We received turn down service each night and had wonderful chocolates waiting for us when we got back to the room. We had a GREAT breakfast buffet on Sunday in the restaurant at the Omni. Good service and the price was reasonable at $18.00pp. (Many breakfast buffets in chicago are well over $40pp.) Overall, would recommend the hotel for the location, nice rooms, and great staff. If you drive be prepared to pay $36.00 per day for parking which is the minimum going rate to park in Chicago! One more tip: For a great local place to go for breakfast try the Original Pancake House on Bellvue across from the Sutton Place hotel. (About 10 blocks from the Omni towards the lake) Good prices, great french toast, and baked apple pancakes!! It looks rundown, but it is clean and worth it! Get there by 8:30am to avoid a long wait! Enjoy!!!!	
Apr 17 2005	Great location but needs more than a litttle work!	The Omni has the name that helps it a lot...of course, Oprah putting her guests here for years hasn't hurt. Be leary of the &quot;renovation&quot; We stayed here beginning of April 2005 and it was far from being over. They begin on the 25th floor and are working their way down. We were put on the 20th floor and work was obviously still being done. The conceirge is exceptional, as is most of the staff. Long story short:brown water from faucet&quot;undesirable and unwritable&quot; stains on bed sheets (housekeeping came and took care of it immediately)plumbing issues (&quot;engineer&quot; said he would have to rip camode from wall to fix sewage problem from renovation and it would be a mess...)(minor issue:) no tissues left in room, lighting is too dullIf this sounds like you're type of place, go for it! Have fun!	
Apr 3 2005	Great service location	This hotel has a perfect location on Michigan Ave. Also, the staff was exceptionally friendly, allowing early check-in, late check-out, and housekeeping even found and returned a an item lost in a common area. My only complaints were street noise including lots of ambulence sirens due to hospital 2 blocks away, and semi-hard beds. However, even though we did not have a newly renovated room, it was still pleasant and spacious. I did hear that renovations are progressing from the top down so ask for a room on the highest floor availible.	
Mar 13 2005 	Awesome Stay	This is a great hotel in a great location! The staff was extraordinarily friendly and we had chocolate covered strawberries waiting for us in our room each evening. The hotel is in an awesome location, close to all the shopping and sights in downtown Chicago. The hotel is older, but they announced plans to completely renovate by May 2005. Highly recommended!!	
Jan 31 2005	Oprah wouldn't stay here	First off, I must share that we got a fantastic rate for our room - $90/night + tax - so I am satisfied with the &quot;value&quot; we received in our experience. However, if I'd paid full rack rate for the room I would have been disappointed.PROS: The staff was largely very friendly and accomodating. Jon, the doorman, was helpful with suggestions for dinner and clubs. He really acted as our personal concierge. The bell staff were also friendly and outgoing. We really felt remembered and recognized. Also, the location is very handy. Finally, the size of the suite was nice and the layout worked pretty well.CONS: The common spaces and room were very rough around the edges - clearly in need of renovation. The carpet was worn, the walls were dinged up - ours even had a small hole in it. The pocket door seperating the bathroom/bedroom came off the hinges every time we tried to use it. Our bathroom sink spit out bright yellow water at first. The sheets were on the rough side and the decor was a little tacky. We also had a non-functioning light above our wet bar and called down to ask that it be fixed. The individual I spoke with told me it wasn't possible due to a wiring problem. She offered to allow us to change rooms, but we were all unpacked and chose to stay put. The next day my friend called down again about the light, unaware that I'd called already. Housekeeping came right up and replaced the light bulb and the light worked just fine.	
Jan 31 2005	The Omni is awesome	Stayed here over a the Jan 22, 2005 weekend. The staff were extremely helpful and courteous, and the room/suite was very nice, with king bed and pull-out couch. Got a great rate (150/night) and free full (not-Continental) breakfast for two mornings. The location is awesome. I will definitely stay there again when I come to Chicago.	
Jan 11 2005	Great location	We received a great rate to stay here with a complimentary bkft. This is a location that will allow you to walk in either direction on Michigan Ave. to enjoy shopping in multiple areas. The corner room was spacious and enjoyable to view the lights at nite. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 8 2005	Wonderful room great bargain	We stayed in Chicago for 3 nights in July 2004. We found the hotel staff to be friendly and efficient, the room (suite, really) luxurious and in good condition, and it was in a great location along the Mag Mile. We also got a GREAT rate with a free continental breakfast every morning, delivered to us by room service! You can also get extra perks by joining their loyalty program before booking your room.	
Dec 20 2004	Need to renovate	Just stayed Dec 2 - 5, 2005. With 3 month advance reservation and arriving at noon, checked in to let them know we were there &amp; stored luggage. When went back at 3 pm ( which was check-in ) was told couldn't get the corner suite w/ sofabed as I requested - because someone in the room had late 5 pm check-out. They gave us a room with promise of a roll-away - that never came. The room had no drawers anywhere. At 5 pm went back down &amp; I requested a differant room - we got a corner suite w/ sofabed as requested. But; the cushions on the sofabed were so broken down, they were lower than the frame. The sink at the mini-bar sprayed the mirror when turned on. The door hinge on the mini-bar fridge was so loose ( door ready to fall off ). The carpet was overly worn &amp; the wallpaper in bathroom coming off. On the maid service, they forgot us totally one day. The pillow was lumpy. The robes were rough. I think they're in real need of some attention to updating &amp; maintenance. Great location is all I can say.	
Dec 13 2004	Above Average	The good: location is excellent. Right off Michigan Ave. near the heart of the City. Taxi ride to most places you might want to go less than $10. The room layout was clever. We booked a corner suite which was spacious enough to hang out in the room for a prolonged period of time without getting claustrophobic. The not so good: traffic noise even with windows closed was significant. There must be a hospital nearby as there were a number of ambulances with sirens blaring at all hours of the day. The room was comfortable to be sure, but for almost $300 per night it seemed excessive, particularly when little things like no turndown service the first night, tea ordered through room service delivered with no cream, the turndown service the second night had no cart placed outside of the door so when we entered the room the attendant turning down the room scared the heck out of us. And this has nothing to do with anything, but there is no grand lobby per se. you enter the hotel at street level and are confronted by the bell stand and a bank of elevators. Once inside you take the elevator to the 3rd floor and the lobby which by luxury hotel standards is much less than you would expect. We would stay there again, but we would certainly only do so with a significantly lower room rate.	
Oct 28 2004	Glorious weather - so so hotel	September 9 - 12, 2004 were glorious days; perfect weather. Unfortunately, the Omni is showing its age.and lack of attention to detail We have stayed here several times over the span of 12 years and have witnessed the slow decline. Our commode was dirty, but was promptly cleaned upon our request. The bathroom showed sings of mildew. The room carpet was stained and the book shelves were dirty! However, our rate was excellent and the location is hard to beat. I did consider both the Rtiz and Four Seasons, but their rates were 250% higher! One receives what one pays for.	
Sep 23 2004	Great place to stay!	My husband and I stayed at the Omni for our honeymoon (Sept. 16 - 19) The staff was very friendly, and extra helpful. The hotel was in an excellent location, and well accomodated. The rooms were really nicely furnished, spacious (which is hard to find in Chicago), and had excellent views of Michigan Ave., the John Hancock Bldg., and beyond (if you stay high up, which I would recommend). The only thing I didn't like was that the tv's (there were two in our room) were small. They were only 20&quot; - very small complaint in consideration. When we arrived, we told them it was our honeymoon. We left for dinner, and when we returned there was a bottle of champagne, choc. covered strawberries, and truffles waiting for us. It was a really nice touch.I would definately stay again, and would recommend anyone else to stay there as well.One thing I would tell guests to beware of, the bottled water in the Honor Bar is $8.37 per 1 liter bottle. No joke! So bring your own, b/c Chicago's water is nasty.Cheers!	
Sep 22 2004	Weekend Getaway at the Omni	My mother-in-law, sister-in-law and husband's aunt and I all flew to Chicago in April for a shopping/ weekend getaway and stayed in the Omni. We had the best time that weekend and I can say staying at the Omni just added to the relaxing, wonderful weekend. It's so clean, beautiful and conveniently located to where you have access to the malls, shopping, resteraunts, etc. I loved Chicago and LOVED the Omni. I hope to stay there again, this time with my husband!	
Sep 13 2004	Oprah's Guests SHOULD Stay Here!	Three friends and I stayed at the Omni on August 31, 2004 when we flew to Chicago to go the Oprah Winfrey Show. Everyone wanted to stay in this hotel because Oprah's guests stay there. I was a little concerned about some of the negative reviews, but this is actually a WONDERFUL place to stay...especially for shopping on North Michigan Avenue!! Great views of Chicago and a perfect location! The suite is very nice. The decor is much better than at many hotels...wingback chairs, bookcases with real books. The bathroom is larger than average with a hair dryer and plenty of shampoos, soap, lotions etc. There is an expensive but well-stocked basket of goodies (we didn't eat any!). We realized in the morning that we didn't have a coffee maker, and one was brought up as soon as we requested it. The people at the front desk were pleasant. The beds are comfortable, and there is an iron and ironing board in the closet. You DO have to take two elevators, but that really isn't such a big deal. You have to enter the suite through a short hallway that seems to be wasted space, but there was virtually no noise ever in our suite. We did not try the restaurant or room service so can't vouch for the food. There are TONS of fabulous places to eat in Chicago (including a Starbucks right around the corner for breakfast), so I wouldn't have wanted to eat at the hotel anyway. We had a AAA rate of about $170 per night which I thought was a very good value for the large suite. I DEFINITELY would stay there again. We have been in Chicago many times before, and there just isn't a better location than the Omni!	
Sep 1 2004	Great Location Excellent Service	My wife, four children, and I decided to take a last minute trip to downtown Chicago. We booked the day we arrived. I was suspicious of the hotel because the rate was better than anything I was quoted by comparable hotels, and they had rooms available at the last minute on a weekday, which I have found to be rare in this location. We were pleasantly surprised all around.The hotel provides a courtesy car for drop-offs. The driver, Scott, was courteous and knowledgeable about the city. The view of Michigan Avenue was a plus. We will stay there again.	
Jul 30 2004	Had a great time	We went there the spring of 04 and had a Wonderful time. From the minute we got there we were treated wonderfully. The only bad thing is when you have a day of shopping you have to get onto 2 different elevators just to get up to your room. It was nice with a Child due to the seperate bedroom area. She could go to bed earlier and I could stay up later and not feel I was keeping her awake. One other thing that was negative is check the experation dates on things in the inroom snack bar. A few of our things had expired over a year earlier. But besides that it was great . :-)	
Jul 8 2004	Great location and service!!	Omni Chicago is at the heart Chicago’s tourist area!! It is close to everything!! The hotel is at a walking distance from Navy Pier and John Hancock Building and just a few blocks from the water front. It is at the heart of the Magnificent Mile for those interested in shopping. Lots of great restaurants around. The staff and management service was great!! The room was spacious and neatly clean. I would definitely would stay there again.	
Jul 1 2004	A traveler's warning	I want to issue a travel-warning to folks who might sign up for the weekend deal they offer through travelzoo from time to time: The deal says &quot;free breakfast&quot; included in the price. However, what they don't tell you, is that the breakfast consists of a cup of coffee and a bisquit (or two)! Moreover, you need to ask for these &quot;tickets&quot; at the lobby when you check in - they won't give them to you automatically!We stayed there over Christmas '03, and we, and I noticed several guests who bought the same package, had a rather unpleasant experience! The hotel is nice though, if you don't consider their lousy service!	
Jun 9 2004	Great Stay at Omni Chicago	Stayed from June 4-8. Very clean and quiet. Good room service. Attentive staff. Great location. Very nice stay!	
Jun 9 2004	OK room great service	My wife and I recently stayed at the Omni over the weekend on Michigan Ave. and I'd have to say that I was little underwhelmed by the room. It was on the small side for a suite and definitely wasn't as nice as the Westin we stayed at the last time we were in the city. I was surprised to see that the carpet had stains and was tearing and the bathroom looked like it hadn't been updated in quite some time. I will have to say the the staff is very friendly and helpful but I think you can get nicer rooms for this price range. 	
Apr 5 2004	not bad	My wife and I stay at hotles in the city occasionally. The Omni (where guests of the Ophra Winfrey show stay) is pretty nice. Decent suite sized rooms, but the TVs are way too small. Great location and views of Michigan avenue. Room service was pretty good, too. We got the room in the middle of the week for $100 via hotels.com. I thought it was a good deal.	
Feb 25 2004	Omni Chicago NEVER AGAIN!		
Jan 20 2004	Omni on Michigan is a Dream.		
Nov 29 2003 	Great Value in a Fantastic Location		
Oct 2 2003	St. Louis Traveler		
Aug 5 2003	Would recommend Omni		
Jul 20 2003	Stay for the Location		
Apr 22 2003	Perfect location/Great hotel		
Feb 10 2003	Only place to stay on the miracle Mile		
Oct 28 2002	Great staff and service!		
Sep 26 2002	Great all around hotel		
Nov 20 2009 	Architettura		
Jul 15 2009 	Très bien situé!!		
Apr 19 2009 	Omni Chicago Perfecto		
Sep 27 2008 	??????		
