	WOW!!	Great hotel! Stayed there with my wife for one night, got a great deal from the hotel. Amazing location, great staff. The bed was amazing and the pool and gym was also stacked with many machines and a great view while working out. The hotel staff is very very helpful, my wife forgot a pair of jeans and the mailed them back to us for free. I've never seen so much of an effort from any staff.Can't wait to stay again.	
Nov 22 2009 	Nice rooms great bathrooms perfect location but at a price	Lovely hotel in the perfect location. Superb bathrooms.Great views from the river view rooms.Friendly service.But you do have to pay up!	
Nov 15 2009 	Top Notch!	Everything about Trump Chicago is stellar. From the the Bell Desk, to the Conceirge, to room service, to housekeeping. They make an effort to address patrons by name and are eager to please and make one's stay comfortable. The spa is fabulous as well. A special commendation to the Conceirge desk for making all my reservations without a hitch. Highly, highly recommend this hotel for your next visit to the Windy City.	
Nov 14 2009 	GREAT HOTEL CONCIERGE CLUELESS	Stayed in November 2009, Hotel is FANTASTIC, Rooms are spacious, clean and very well eqipped. Restaurants were fine, but a little pricey. Enjoyed the Mile, staff very friendly and helpful except for the conceirge. Asked for Dinner recommendations, he said wait just a minute and let me find something for you. He stepped away and returned 20 minutes later as we were walking out the door. He literally shouted &quot; HEY YOU&quot; at us and waved a group of papers at us. I said never mind as we had given up on him. He mumbled something unintelligible and helped another guest. I don't mind waiting, but 20 minutes--come on!!! Overall we would definitely stay here again and would reccomend to all our other associates. Well done Mr. Trump.	
Nov 7 2009 	It does not get better than this!	We stayed at Trump Tower for Christmas last year apologies for the late review but now that we are getting nearer the festive season my children have been reminding me of the most wonderful christmas they have ever had! We travelled over from Ireland (my sister lives in Chicago) and were lucky to stay in a two bed suite which had the most fantastic view! Given the time of year and the amount of snow it was very magical. It was like our own very private penthouse. I believe well over 2000sq ft. The space, quality of the furnishings, bed linen, sound system..This hotel is a five star experience! On Christmas Day they had live reindeers outside the restaurant!! (true American style!)We used the gym and pool faciities every day and they are top notch. This is a wonderful hotel to stay in with young or teenage children. Great location for shopping and the ESPN sports bar which my kids loved.Chicago is a GREAT cityIf you have not stayed here yet ..go for it!! You will love it!	
Nov 6 2009 	Awesome view of city/Navy Pier Fireworks	This was our first trip back to the city and our first stay at the hotel. We were very impressed by our one bedroom suite and found the room to be very spacious, great view of the fireworks at Navy Pier from our room. We had a separate bath in the front entry of our room that also had a walk in shower. Great service by all the staff and their assistance on things was exceptional. I would definitely stay there again. The concierge made our dinner reservations one at our favorite restaurant - The Italian VIllage where we were treated to a brushetta appetizer from Jay the concierge at our hotel and the other was a recommendation from the concierge for Keefers - which has some of the best steaks and chicken we have had. Can't wait to return.	
Nov 5 2009 	Great Service sadly was required too often.	I really wanted to like this hotel as much as I like the awesome sky scraper it is in. However I came away not really liking it as much as I had hoped I would. I was booked into an adjoining room which had surprisingly thin doors through which I could hear every word, cellphone conversation, music and alot of etc...all night long right through these thin doors. When I was checked into this room no one showed me how to work the complicated lights which were nice on dimmers and all but I had to call maintenence to come and put bulbs in some that were burned out and explain how to work them at all, costing me precious time. Long after midnight when I could no longer tolerate the conversations through the adjoing door situation, with it's surprisingly little sound barrier, service quickly responded to move me to another room. I moved into this second Spa Suite room and found the air machine as loud as I would expect to find at an interstate hightway motel but I was told that was due to it being some sort of purification system- which the hotel doesn't seem to need anyway. Maintenence was able to turn the loud air system off from remote, but again that took time for me to secure having first to allow a maintenence worker in the room, etc... On top of that desk staff explained to me that they leave the Bose Wave Radios on in unoccupied rooms so that staff will know if the room is unoccupied. All night long I could feel the thump of the bass and hear the music right through the wall which was so annoying! So many things seemed overly complicated at the hotel, from a shower in the health spa requiring reading glasses to program the computer running it, to tv's so high tech it took forever to change channels, to espresso makers that while nice did require a read up in the manual to figure out. The restaurant is very beautiful, but like the whole hotel, pretty cool to cold, spare, elegant decor. Service was great, food very good. The health spa is also pretty nice, and you could lift heavy weights or do cardio on alot of equipment if you were so inclined. The health club and pool have nice views, and are super clean and nice. The massage I had was extremely excellent but the manicure/pedicure was about the worst I have ever had and I re-did myself the next day. I stayed at the hotel in part because I was shopping for a residence in Chicago, and even scheduling to look at the residences in the building was more complicated than it needed to be. There is no lobby life at the Trump. Just a small sofa and chairs, not a social place at all. The lounge, Rebar, upstairs is the socializing area when it is open in the evenings and while it is posh like the rest of the place, it does not seem to offer much of a sense of friendliness to the solo traveller as I was. In total, Trump like the man comes off as complicated, egotistical, sophisticated, high tech, striving for greatness. Perhaps the best thing about staying in hotels that aim to be the best as Trump is obviously trying to do is that they do really care about your experience and will work to make it right as they did for me at Trump. I am grateful for their assistance, though I wish I hadn't of needed any of it.	
Nov 5 2009 	Gorgeous room and great service	I stayed here with my boyfriend last weekend and we had a fabulous time. The room was impressive. It was modern and had a small kitchen area. The bathroom was spacious, with a separate tub and shower area, and the mirror above the sink had a TV in it. The view of the city was gorgeous and I loved the turn-down service. When we got back to our room at night, the lights were dimmed, there was soft music playing, our bed was turned down, and the TV showed an aquarium scene. The service was great. This was an overall relaxing and luxurious experience. The restaurant was pretty good and the location is perfect because you can just walk to Michigan Ave. for some shopping.	
Oct 25 2009 	Wonderful staff and fantasitc service	Greetings from Saudi Arabia.My wife and I were in Chicago (Oct 2nd – Oct 19th) on Business (For me) and Pleasure (for her) and decided to stay at the Trump Hotel Chicago and we were truly surprised with the experience we had. We came in with very high expectation, which were not only met but very much surpassed in many instances. The hotel was beautiful in design as was the layout (I am not however in love with the design of the bathroom, especially the position of the toilet within it which is a bit of a let down for this class of facility). The hotel overall and the rooms in particular were in excellent condition, always clean and neat. What I really enjoyed and what I think made our experience standout was the staff. From the Housekeeping, Bellmen, Reception staff and especially the concierge who did their job exceptionally well. I would like to point out a member of the concierge team in particular I believe her name was Kathelena who was super in assisting us and especially my wife who had a lot of questions to ask on a daily basis. I have stayed at many 5 star hotels and couple of 6 and 7 Star hotels as well. This was truly a great hotel. Especially if you can get it for good price. (I believe the rack rate is a bit high. But relative to other hotels in Chicago it didn't make it seem as bad)Looking forward to our next stay at the Trump Chicago.	
Oct 22 2009 	It's the little things that make it so good	I stayed at the Trump for 5 nights in mid-July. I had seen the building when it was still under construction the year prior and had my eyes set on staying there on my next visit to Chicago. I was lucky to find a very reasonable rate on Hotels.com. The location is about as good as it gets: a short walk from the blue line coming in from the airport and equally close to a couple of other subway lines. The river is right there, Michigan Avenue around the corner. The Art Institute, Millenium Park, the Field Museum are all within easy walking distance.While I was surprised at the tight check-in area, the staff behind the desk was very courteous and efficient. (I had shipped my luggage beforehand and was happy to see that I was not charged for receiving it, whereas I had to pay $20 for shipping a small package to the Swissotel the year before.) The staff everywhere in the hotel was super nice, without attitude, and always available. Brunch on Sunday was expensive but sumptuous and I did not get any bad vibes when I was still hanging out after two hours, enjoying the views, reading my Sunday NYT, and having yet another nibble from the huge assortment of food.The room was superb: very spacious, a fabulous bed with immaculate linen, the impressive floor to ceiling windows, a BIG bathroom, and the overall quiet of the place. I highl recommend searching for a good rate and indulging in this 5-star experience.	
Oct 17 2009 	You simply cannot do better	I don't stay at a lot of really top end hotels. For me it's mostly Hiltons etc. However, I've stayed at the Drake in Chicago, the St. Francis in San Francisco, The Four Seasons in Atlanta and The Ritz in Pasadena. In my experience nothing compares to the Trump.The hotel itself is not what you expect. The footprint is small so there's no grand entrance. However, the rooms are very very nicely appointed - I can honestly say that I have never felt sheets like that before. The location - a block off Michigan - is fantastic. However, what makes the Trump so much better than anywhere else is the service. With the exception of the St. Francis (which is awful) top hotels like those listed above always have great service. However, the Trump is in a class above the rest. I stayed two nights. Every single time that I encountered a hotel staffer they were open, friendly and helpful. Not once were they on the phone with a friend, chewing gum or acting like the clerks that I am used to seeing at Hilton class hotels. I went into the gift shop one morning and, as my foot entered the doorway the girl behind the counter said &quot;I have to go into her cell phone&quot; closed it and walked up to see how she could help me. Each time I entered or left the hotel the bellstaff were first class. Each time I called for assistance with whatever the phone was answered immediately and whatever I needed was done instantly. Call to order breakfast - fast, exactly right and tasty. I'm not saying that there aren't better hotels somewhere in the world. I'm sure that the super rich stay in places that I can only dream about. However, the super rich don't bother with Trip Advisor. This site is for people who don't always get pampered. And, for those of us who don't travel by Gulfstream, I simply cannot imagine how a hotel could be better than the Trump. If you get the chance - stay there.	
Oct 14 2009 	The Best Hotel in Chicago	Although we are from Chicago, we love to spend weekends when we can in downtown Chicago. After spending our time at the Trump, I feel like I just got home from a wonderful vacation without the jet lag! The attentive staff, elegant rooms and beautiful city/lake views were all part of the reasons that our stay was so wonderful. My only complaint was that we had to go back home! Looking forward to our next visit in November to this 5 star hotel.	
Oct 11 2009 	fantastic view luxerious rooms	Request a Chicago River view-nothing else like it in Chicago-front desk and valet seemed understaffed with our wait times , but all in all, the rooms are well-appointed and &quot;Las Vegas-like&quot;- unlike the older hotels, will be toasty warm on those windy winter nights.	
Oct 8 2009 	World-class!	From the door chime that replaces knocking ... to the softly scented bed linens ... to the TV in the bathroom mirror ... to the friendly, flawless service ... Trump is truly a five-star experience. All good hotels have decent beds, edible food, clean rooms. To me the mark of a five-star establishment is the service and attention to detail, and Trump excelled. Our welcome from valet, belstaff and front desk was very cordial -- we were upgraded to a room with the best view of the city I had ever seen, and I live here. On the 22nd story, we looked out out the river to the lake. Bridges, Wrigley Building, tour boats, traffic, pedestrians -- I liked it because it was high enough to not be too loud but low enough to be interesting. And the room was very quiet. You enter into a long hall that gives the room a sense of privacy and being set back. Beautiful, restful colors, greys and browns, contemporary without feeling harsh. Kitchenette with all high-end appliances and finishes, as you would expect. Disregard minibar! Bose sound system playing softly when we arrived. Bellman very friendly and informative. We had in-room dining the first night and the server set up four chairs for us and our guests. Only a 30-minute wait on a Friday night, and the food was outstanding. The room service person called up to make sure everything was ok, which we appreciated. I never sleep well in hotels, but the bed was very comfortable, as others have indicated. Check out the &quot;pillow menu&quot;! All-marble, spa-like bathroom with nice lighting. We breakfasted in the restaurant and the service, again, could not have been more solicitous. A nice feature is the &quot;juice of the day&quot; -- on this day, some kind of berry. Tasted very natural. Yum.Another observation we had: it doesn't feel snooty or faux-Continental. Families would be comfortable here, if they wanted to shell out for the &quot;Trump experience.&quot; So if you want a special getaway in Chicago -- I would absolutely recommend this hotel.	
Oct 7 2009 	Absolutely Sensational	I could not rave more about the Trump hotel in Chicago. The rooms (we just had the most basic one) were oversized and had amazing little extra features such as a great TV in the mirror, pillow menu, ipod speakers and more. The location was fabulous as we didn't have a car and could walk to trains, Navy Pier and everything else. The concierge staff were phenomenal and so helpful. The gym was also really well appointed. All in all a first class experience and one of the best I've ever had.	
Oct 3 2009 	An absolutely wonderful experience!!	The superlatives are too numerous....the best way to put it is that in any future travels to Chicago, I would not want to stay anyplace but the Trump. It is first class all the way from location to staff, rooms, and cleanliness. Absolutely, I would recommend it to anyone!!	
Sep 22 2009 	Best hotel experience I've ever had.	I stayed at the Trump Hotel in Chicago last weekend. The trip was a girls-only weekend to celebrate our 40th birthdays. The hotel exceeded my expectations, which were already high. It was an incredible experience.We booked the Grand Deluxe River View Suite (Unit 32) and were thrilled to get a room on the 27th floor (top floor of the hotel section of the building). The photos on the website do not do this suite justice. The overall effect of the high ceilings, huge space, floor-to-ceiling windows and incredible view was just stunning. When we first came into the room, we all ran around like a bunch of excited six-year-olds...checking out the bedroom, bathrooms, kitchen, etc. And just a few minutes after we checked in, we received a lovely &quot;happy birthday&quot; cake...very nice touch.Every part of the hotel was extremely clean, the staff was friendly (not the least bit condescending) and we loved the Terrace bar. (Just remember that you're paying for the view as well...the drinks are pricey.)There's no doubt that this is an expensive hotel, but if you want an &quot;experience&quot; vs. just a &quot;room,&quot; it's worth it. In fact, I'm checking out our travel budget already to see if my husband &amp; I can come back in December.	
Sep 15 2009 	Worth the splurge! Luxury redefined!	Not sure if it was the wall to wall windows with not one but two sets of drapes on electronic controls, the spectacular view, the television embedded in the bathroom mirror, the espresso machine, or the kitchen appliances but the WOW! factor was huge. We were still discovering features as we checked the drawers and closets on departure - all the little things that you don't know you need until you really do - clothes brushes, slippers, martini shaker, tape, scissors, staple remover - the list goes on!Just go and enjoy the luxury. The room was spacious, the amentities superb, and the service gracious. The restaurant on the 16th floor has an incredible view, good food, and personable staff. Probably the most expensive breakfast we have ever had (maybe topped by the Imperial Hotel in Tokyo) but we created a memory!Yes, it is expensive but The Trump sets the standard.	
Sep 14 2009 	Will stay here again	Great location, beautiful view - paid extra for the river view and it was worth it. Enjoyed the cappucinno machine each morning. Very clean. Nightly turndown with slippers, robes, bottle of water and glass on the nightstand, music playing, aquarium scene on the TV when you arrive back after a long day on the town. Very large room. High ceilings make it feel even bigger. Will stay here again. Valet even had 2 bottles of water for us when we departed.	
Sep 10 2009 	Nice but little things added up......	We stayed over Labor Day weekend and had a Spa King Room. First of all, the view was great, of Wrigley Tower and the Chicago River, just breathtaking. Now the little things that added up over the weekend stay:TV remote would not work and had to call down to front desk several times to get it checked. Not sure if anything was really done to fix the remote, one service guy rebooted the TV and admitted the TV system was not the right choice for a Trump hotel. The draperies are operated by a wall switch to open and close, but for some reason our drapery hooks had been pulled off the rod and therefore would not shut completely. Call down to the front desk again on several occasions. Next on Sunday morning we walked down our hall only to smell cigarette smoke on a non-smoking floor. Complained to front desk and they said they would check into it. Bed linens were not 500 count linens as stated. The bed was not as comfortable as again stated. Bathtub was large and used the bath but could not get the drain to open to let out the water. Had to call maintenance yet again. The staff is very nice and the concierge, George, went out of his way to find us a dinner reservation on Sunday when many restaurants are closed. The one he found was outstanding: Boka on Halsted. Excellent food and wine list. The Terrace bar is a great place to sit out and take in the great city views and the location is also close to Michigan Avenue. On the day of checkout, they even prepared a to go breakfast for us and told us the GM would be in touch, however have not heard from him. I have never stayed at a Trump but we usually stay at Four Seasons and Ritz Carlton's so we wanted to give this a chance. I would stay there again but I was disappointed. I completed the survey the hotel sends out but have yet to hear from GM.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great Hotel!	We were in Chicago for shopping and sightseeing and decided impulsively to stay overnight. Other places were booked full but found a suite at Trump Tower (about $700) for a King bed and pull out sofa bed. Lots of things about this hotel will make you giggle - they send up a plate of complimentary truffles, they have a pillow menu with varieties of complimentary pillows (soft, hard, body, scented), a water menu with exotic types of waters, full stocked liquor in fridge, great view of river, city had fireworks (only on Thurs &amp; Sat?). Lots of extra charges but you should try it once to splurge!Really, the only big annoyance was street noise - motorcycles and ambulances. And they could have had an outdoor pool.	
Aug 30 2009 	Location and View	We chose this hotel because it is the new luxury property in town and overall we were pleased with our choice. Like many hotels in Chicago, the hotel is split up with a small lobby at ground level, restaurant and spa on 12 and 14, with rooms above these floors. This arrangement may bother some guests as the hotel has no real center or focal area, but this set up is a matter of personal taste. For us it was not really a problem. However, the lobby is small and the front desk was too close to the elevator lobby. The weekend we were at the hotel, it was very busy and getting around the front desk line was annoying and not what you want to see at a nice hotel. Compounding the problem was one of the three elevators to the guest rooms, spa, restaurant, and ballrooms was not working during most of our stay. Even with all three working, expect to wait sometimes. Our room was number 2304 and we would highly recommended the 04 line if you can get it. The view from this room was outstanding with the Wrigley building clock tower to the left, a straight on view out to the lake with no buildings in the way, and a great view of the Chicago River, as it bends right in front of you. All can be seen through floor to ceiling, wall to wall windows. The room was just over 900 square feet, including a long hallway. It is set up as a studio with a full kitchen that is really part of the bedroom. The overall look of the room is elegant and modern with muted colors. The large marble bathroom is very nice with separate shower and tub but no separate water closet. The TV in the bathroom mirror is very cool. There is a very nice large pool with a wall of windows overlooking the city and water. The gym also has great views and is a true gym so that a complete workout can be achieved. The locker room was very nice with steam and sauna but we felt it looked more like the locker room at a nice gym than at a five star hotel. We did not eat at the hotel, but there is a very cool looking restaurant and a nice outdoor bar area with a great view of the water and the city skyline. The location of the hotel is perfect. The loop area is just over the river, and the magnificent mile starts one block away. You are basically right in the middle of the main part of the city with almost every tourist site within walking distance.Overall this hotel is a good choice in a city with many great hotels. The hotel layout and design is a little quirky, the service was a little stretched the weekend we were there, but the large rooms, great views, and central location, make up for a few short comings.	
Aug 29 2009 	This hotel is fantastic. WOW	I stayed at the Trump a year ago and was fairly unimpressed- the staff at the time seemed to be still &quot;getting it together&quot;. WOW - what a difference a year makes. This stay was perfect! Jamie, the bellman, was outstanding. I did not like the original room we were assigned - nothing wrong with it - i just did not like the layout. Jamie called the front desk, got room numbers of three other rooms. He showed us the rooms, arranged for our luggage to be moved and brought us new keys.The in-room dining staff was great. My daughter has a severe peanut allergy and the in-room staff was excellent in removing all of the mini bar items - many of which contain nuts. The suite was wonderful - we had a lot of room for my husband, daughter and i to read and relax. Because we had a kitchen we were able to make breakfast in the suite and not eat out. Having a child with a food allergy makes it difficult to eat out and this room was perfect for us.I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago. The location is great - we walked everywhere - Michigan Avenue, the Art Institute, Millennium Park, the old Marshall Fields store. It was a great get away weekend!	
Aug 25 2009 	Great Hotel	I recently stayed at the Trump Hotel in Chicago with a girlfriend for a couple days of shopping. The Trump Hotel was terrific and location couldn't be better. The staff was welcoming and made an effort to make us feel comfortable. The room was large and the kitchen was a nice touch although not used. The robes were wonderful and the beds comfortable. The only complaint was we had a dirty glass (not used by us) sitting on the kitchen counter during our entire stay. I am not sure why the housekeeping staff didn't notice it.We thought we were the only guests in the hotel as it was so quiet. We never heard a door close or any voices. Such a pleasure!We had a city view not overlooking the river that we had wanted but it didn't matter much.All in all, a great stay and would certainly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 23 2009 	Wonderful	Can I live here? I have to say this is one of the best hotels we have stayed in. The rooms are large, we had a great view, the bed is fabulous! The bose sound system is great, fell asleep listening to smooth jazz. Bathroom was roomy with a nice shower, I didn't think I would use the tv in the mirror but it was cool and now I want one. We had a kitchenette that had everything, nicely stocked. The assortment of high end bottled water I could do with out. I had asked for an item to be in our room upon arrival which was not there, I had called down to the front desk and in less than 5 minutes they were at the door. That was the only snafu we had encountered. We visited Rebar which had nice views of the river. Drinks were good but pricey. Checked out the pool, nice, lots of kids. Next time I would love to try the spa services. We just didn't have time this trip. We enjoyed room service for breakfast, everything was cooked perfectly and arrived on time. They have doorbells outside each room that also lights up Do Not Disturb, no more door hangers. This is a pet friendly hotel, the in room menu offers food choices for your pet, I thought that was cute. Overall I have to say it was relaxing, surprisingly quiet, and comfortable. I highly recommend it.	
Aug 13 2009 	A Wonderful Stay	My husband and I, along with our seventeen year old son and his friend, stayed in two rooms at the Trump Hotel during the Lollapalooza Festival. My husband loved the place. He says the building is magnificent. How can anyone find fault with this hotel? Everyone was so kind and helpful. No air of pretentiousness whatsoever.I especially loved the Nespresso machine. It is delicious with cream and a little more water. I am going to buy one when I get home.My little 7 lb. chihuahua/yorkie was greeted warmly whenever he peeked out of his carrier.The bathrobes are warm and cozy. I think Ivanka Trump's TV greeting was sweet and sincere.All I can say is that I have never been to such a great place at such a resonable price. Chicago is a cool city and we will be back.	
Aug 8 2009 	great room great location	just got back from trump chicago- loved the room, booked on expedia, tv in bathroom, comfy bed, and huge room. Hated bathroom toilet, problem with flushing handle, my friends in another room had same jiggling problem. did not love hotel staff at check in- thought she was rude, and long waits for concierge, who often was less then helpful. also, how is it possible that the largest hotel in the city only had one uni-sex restroom in the lobby? Ridiculous. thought the bellman and outside staff great. all in all, loved my room, fitness room great, and would definitely recommend .	
Jul 18 2009 	Donald got it right!	My husband, our 2 teenage boys and myself stayed for 3 nights in July at the Trump Hotel. I looked at almost every hotel available in Chicago before deciding on The Trump. I wanted a memorable time with our family as this was our last trip together before our son leaves for college. I selected the Trump because of it's location, completely non-smoking policy and why not....it looks great on their website! What a fabulous choice... We loved it! We got upgraded to a 1 bedroom suite which allowed us to completely spread out. Amazingly beautiful room.... large bedroom with the most comfortable king bed, living room with tall windows allowing for great views, 2 bathrooms, complete kitchen with big refrigerator.....unbelievable. We took in everything the hotel has to offer. We ate at Sixteen every morning for breakfast. Perhaps it is a little pricy but not that bad. The food was good, service was excellent and the views from this16th floor restaurant were spectacular. We went to the fitness center a couple of times. Top-notch! It was a pleasure to work out with such nice amenities everywhere....individual tv screens on new cardio equipment, bottles of Trump water available, clean and bright room, lots of weight machines, and the views! We also went to the new outside Terrace Restaurant/Bar on the 16th floor. It was a beautiful night and we were lucky enough to get a table. The views of the Chicago River, Wrigley clock and Chicago buildings lit up at night were beautiful. Very memorable! During our stay, we walked everywhere....up and down Michigan Avenue, along the river, to the lakefront.....the hotel location is ideal. We took the Wendell boat ride which we would highly recommend and we went looking for the best pizza (thin crust). By the way, our vote goes to Ginos over Guiordanos! Overall, we loved staying at The Trump Hotel and we had a fantastic time in Chicago.	
Jul 18 2009 	Gorgeous property a few service gaffs.	Stayed here two nights for the first time in July. The hotel is squeezed on floors 14-25 between a bunch of empty floors (office spaces?) and a bunch of empty condo units above. Because of the downturn in the economy the property offers very very competitive rates for being a 5 Star hotel.The rooms are oversized and you'll want to request one on the river side. Understated and stunning interior design. Almost all the lighting is on dimmers and most can be controlled from a panel bedside. Complimentary WiFi in the rooms. The fabrics and choice of woods are really top notch. One thing that surprised me was the bathroom amenities. While oversized, they are rather generic in cheaper plastic bottles and private labeled with Trump. I left them. Normally if they were anything good, such as Bulgari, L'Occitane from the Peninsula or Ritz Carlton, they would have all gone home with me. Not here. They weren't bad amenities, just rather plain and generic. Here's the service gaffs, which I'll blame on the housekeeper. The bathroom scale didn't work. Why? The battery was dead. The small tv built into the bathroom mirror was inoperable. Why? The tv hadn't been scanned to set up the channels. The light on the desk didn't work. Why? The lamp was defective and they had to change it out.Who knows maybe I was the first guest ever in the room, but had the chambe maid done a simple check these things could have been worked out before a guest arrival. Oh well.It's a stunning hotel. The gym and spa occupies an entire floor. I have been in some of the nicest hotels in the world and the gym here is one of the nicest I have encountered. I did not use the spa. Extraordinary rates and I wasn't going to pop for the cost without seeing some reviews of their services.The food service was good, not great, certainly at the top of the Chicago market. I would encourage people to eat elsewhere. Chicago is known for its famous restaurants such as NOMI, Alinea, Charlie Trotter's etc. There's no reason to pay Michelin style prices for common food. Get out in the city and enjoy the food. The bedding and pillows are amazing. One of the nicest beds ever, they really do it right and if you're looking for a great nights sleep this is it. The room also had a semi stocks kitchen almost like a little time share with a two burner cooktop, sub zero refridgerator, crystal barware, etc. The had a large well stocked mini bar complete with Trump chocolate bars. You'll also find Ivanka's jewelry line hawked in a magazine and postcards in the desk. It's an interesting experience. This is the time to visit this hotel before the economy strengthens and they raise their prices, which I assure you will happen as occupancies build.	
Jul 15 2009 	Wow!	If you have the money, this is definitely the place to stay in downtown Chicago, right on the river. Everything was first class and priced accordingly. Maybe the best breakfast I've ever had, but cost including tip was $80.00.	
Jul 13 2009 	Wonderful hotel take my word for it!	My wife and I went to Chicago for the past weekend and we chose the Trump for the most part because of the great reviews on this site. I can tell you that the reviews were completely accurate and this hotel is really something else. From the hand towels on check in to the televsion in the centre of the bathroom mirror to the gorgeous huge hotel room, it was a wonderful weekend in luxury! Don't forget the location which is actually a block or so away from Michigan Avenue, which is actually perfect because you are right in the middle of everything, but a touch away so that you don't hear the noise. I was most impressed by the fact that the manager took the time to comment on each review, again all class! I just can't see how you can be dissappointed!	
Jul 10 2009 	Great hotel but pricey	We stayed for a weekend in March when some of the hotel was still under construction. The lobby was very nice, modern and clean. The location was great to visit the magnicificant mile and being right on the river we had a great view of the lakeshore. The rooms were comfortable with great mattresses and the option of your choice of pillows. The gym was nice and they offer your headphones to use on the tv's that are on the fitness equipment. Though the views were of a building next door that was pretty much an eye sore. The coffee in the lobby was amazing, being a coffee snob it was a nice detail for them to include. The showers were truely bizarre though, in order to turn the shower on you had to get into the bath tub that was next to it so you didn't get sprayed with cold water when it turned on. Wish I had a picture of it, because it's hard to describe but let's just say it was a major design problem. Another odd thing was the Bling water in the room, now I know that people like bottled water but do I need a $25 bottle of water with Swarovski crystals on it?! We chose to use the valet while we were there for $45 per night, which we would probably not do again as the self park is very close by. We didn't eat at the restaurant in the hotel, but took a tour and it was very nice. We were recently in Chicago again and it looks like the gardens next to the hotel are almost done, which will add a nice accent to the hotel.	
Jul 7 2009 	Great Hotel - Service Lacking	The new Trump International Hotel and Towers in Chicago is a beautiful hotel with a great location, but the service definitely has room for improvement. The room was very spacious and nicely decorated, with a very nice bathroom (although the TV in the mirror seems pretty useless and takes away from the surface of the mirror you can actually use). There was also a water menu in the room with several overpriced bottles of water which were kind of fun to look at, but not sure who would actually want tot drink them. The spa and pool area is very nice but there seems to be something missing from the pool area; maybe some plants or an attendant or a drink menu; seems kind of remote and impersonal.The restaurant Sixteen offered an impressive and delicious brunch buffet on Sunday and the views were amazing. Location is excellent and just a quick walk south to Millennium Park or one block east to Magnificent Mile. I wouldn’t hesitate staying here again for the right price, but don’t expect the kind of service you would receive form the Four Seasons or peninsula (and the rates reflect this).	
Jul 1 2009 	Great Hotel! 5* Service! Great Location and Views!	We just got back from 3 nights at the Trump Hotel in Chicago. We got one of their summer specials - stay 2 nights get the 3rd night free. We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite which was enormous and big enough for all 4 of us. Best luxury in the room - the TV located INSIDE the bathroom mirror! Floor to ceiling windows and a fireplace plus a kitchen (stocked with all sorts of drinks and snacks if you want to pay their prices - also they will grocery shop and stock it for you with your favorites if you want). If you are traveling with kids ask for the Trump Kids extras - bathrobes, slippers for kids, backpack, business cards with the kids names printed on them, cookie &amp; milk upon arrival (cookie plate had their names spelled out in chocolate - I wont lie to you this was their favorite part about the trip!), an X-box and age appropriate games. It was my husbands birthday and there was a nice cake in the room upon arrival too. We felt so pampered! Every staff member was amazing and helpful. The hotel location is great - right next to the Wrigley building, the views were awesome - try to get an east facing room with views of the lake. The pick up stop for the Chicago trolley was just a block away. Cab rides to the tourist locations (Sears Tower, Field Museum, Ditkas Restaurant) were $10 each or less. You can walk to the Navy Pier but its a long walk - about a mile - and it was 99 degrees when we were there so we took a cab. There is also a free trolley to the Navy Pier about 2 blocks away. The pool has great views, and the locker rooms have a steam and sauna, showers etc. They were just finishing the outside touches and furnishing the upstairs condos (the lower floors are a hotel, the rest of the building are condos) but there was no noise - earlier reviews talked about the construction noise but that is over. We didnt eat at the restaurant (so many great ones nearby) but the views of the river and lake front were outstanding. We didnt use the Fitness Center (no charge) but the views were amazine - looking out over the river and huge - lots of machines. The service was better than I have ever experienced.	
Jun 25 2009 	Amazing luxury experience in the heart of Chicago	We're from Chicago, and we had received a gift certificate to the hotel for Christmas. We decided to spend the night after an event we were scheduled to attend. The lowest class of room was sold out, so we bumped up the level a bit. When we arrived, we were unexpectedly upgraded to a gorgeous, spacious suite with an amazing master suite, 2 bathrooms, a full kitchen, and a living room. The room was, in a word, glorious. Every last detail was addressed, and we thought that the experience was amazing. We had friends come over for appetizers and champagne prior to the event, and we felt like we were entertaining in our own home. We'd move in if we could, river view and all. Great experience, and when we want to splurge, we'll definitely come here again.	
Jun 23 2009 	Not a 5 star property by a longshot	The Trump hotel would have easily earned 4 stars from me were it not for some really annoying faux pas. Note: these wouldn't be such a big deal if not for Trump's endless windbaggery about how he does things &quot;The Best&quot;, &quot;The Greatest&quot;, &quot;The Be All and End All&quot;. When you make those kinds of boasts, Mr. Trump, that's what I expect of your organization. I am a low-key guest who doesn't demand much. When a hotel can't even deliver on the basics? They're FIRED.First the good things:- Rooms are enormous w/fantastic views- I only paid $199 for the room ($399 seems a bit of a stretch for the location, but the property is new, clean, pristine &amp; a value at $199)Now for the less-than-good things. For $199, they're fine. For being a purported 5-star property? They are a joke.- No one told us that you needed to use your room key in order to operate the elevator, so we stood around looking like village idiots for several minutes, punching the buttons &amp; wondering what the malfunction was until another guest explained them to us.- No internet in the room! I called the concierge about this &amp; was told this was an issue they have w/AT&amp;T, specifically. Aren't they the largest wireless network in the U.S?. So surfing for local attractions on my iphone wasn't possible w/o heading for the business center three floors down (no thanks).- The pretentious &quot;Water Menu&quot; in the room. I can't figure out if Trump &amp; Co. were serious about this, or if it was put there for comic relief. Truly, it was one of the most pretentious and faux-classy (or &quot;klassy&quot;) things I've ever seen. Evian or Fiji is just fine, Mr. Trump. We don't need to guzzle, &quot;a truly brilliant water whose time has come.&quot; (Seriously, that's an actual quote. We were dying!)- Large TV in room was perfect for late night tv watching, although the In-House programming menu didn't match what was actually playing. It might say that a certain movie was playing on HBO at 10:00 PM, but when you turned to that channel, it was something completely different. After channel surfing a bit, we decided to give it up turn in early. - As we were drifting off to sleep at around 11:30 PM, the phone rang. In a pitch black hotel room with 3 phones, you can imagine how disconcerting - and LOUD - that would be. I groped around for the phone (which was on the other side of the bed), trying not to wake my 13 year old niece, but then the ringing stopped. Ok - whew. That must have been a fluke, right? I went back to bed, heart still racing a bit from the shock. 10 minutes later, right as I was beginning to relax, it rang again! This time i was concerned. I don't even get late-night phone calls at home, much less when I'm at a hotel for the night. Something must be wrong. So, I turned on the light, woke up my niece, answered the phone &amp; heard, &quot;Yeah - I'd like to order a small pizza.&quot; Shocked &amp; dazed, I told the caller he had the wrong #. &quot;Is this [--]?&quot; he askedWhy, yes - it was. Apparently he had dialed the main switchboard # and been put through to OUR ROOM at 11:45 PM. Lovely.Furious, I called the switchboard &amp; asked them to hold all calls for our room until 7:00 AM the following morning. - When I mentioned this at checkout, I could tell by the look on the woman's face that she was mortified. She admitted that it was essentially the hotel's fault, as there were a lot of people @ the hotel w/my last name &amp; the call probably got passed through to us accidentally. This upset me. What kind of ineptitude managed that feat 2x in a row? We had only one expense while we were @ the hotel: A $31 breakfast (for coffee &amp; a bagel w/lox). I would have thought that she would have comped us for our trouble. Nope! Instead she apologized and then smiled and asked, &quot;But you got enough sleep, right?&quot; Uh, that's not the point. The inmates @ San Quentin probably get enough sleep every night, too. I could have slept more peacefully at home. And, next time I will, or else I'll spend the extra $150 and head for the Peninsula or IV Seasons, where I know their promises of &quot;World Class&quot; service are more than just hot air &amp; $25 bottles of drinking water. (LOL - still giggling at that one.)	
Jun 21 2009 	Inconsistent Service	My wife and I recently spent two nights at Trump while celebrating her 40th birthday. We both came away from our stay with mixed emotions. On the plus side, the hotel has a great location as it's situated on the river and only a short walk to the Mag Mile, Millennium Park, etc. Our room was aesthetically appealing and quite comfortable, particularly the bathroom, which had a large shower and bath area. In addition, we were very satisfied with our spa service (Soul to Soul), though it was a tad bit expensive.While the hotel has a lot going for it, there were too many minor irritations that left us with a negative impression. I'll start with the $50/night valet parking that others have mentioned in their reviews. This seems outrageous to me. Classic two part pricing where you get focused on the cost of the room and you end up paying a lot more because of other services. It's probably worth the inconvenience to park across the street! On the topic of getting nicked for other services, we were erroneously charged for mini bar items that we never consumed (they did remove this fee at check out). Also, while this is probably unique to our stay and not likely replicated by you, a maintenance person barged into our room soon after we had arrived looking for a video game, or some such nonsense, that he thought someone had left behind (turns out he was wrong). He rang the bell once and was in the room rummaging around. Good thing we had just arrived and were checking out the room, otherwise it could have been really awkward! Doesn't anybody knock anymore.As I mentioned at the onset, we were staying at the hotel celebrating a birthday. The staff sent a bottle of champaign, which was a very nice touch, but the card wished us well on our wedding anniversary. While the message was a bit off, we drank the bottle of champaign anyway, thank you very much.Finally, our neighbors decided to crank up their stereo at 3:00am on the last night of our stay. Maybe those Bose systems with the Ipod adapter are not such a great idea after all.Decide for yourselves, but for my money, I'll take Four Seasons any day of the week. Respect.	
Jun 18 2009 	Fantastic hotel on the Michigan river right in the middle of downtown.	The Trump was perfect. My wife and I were on our honeymoon and this was a fantastic final hotel in our 4-week US road trip honeymoon. They upgraded us two levels and we had a gigantic (I think 800+ sq ft) room with a Lake view. It had a kitchenette (the only thing missing was a oven) which was perfect since I have food allergies and prefer to eat food I cook since I can be positive what it did and did not contain or come in contact with. Finally, the bathroom was amazing. A giant soaking tub that fit two, a great shower and a bathroom mirror that had a TV in it. The trump is right next to the South end of the Magnificent Mile of shops on Michigan Avenue. My wife and I walked that one afternoon on the way to a Cubs game at Wrigley. And with that said, the concierge was able to get us great seats at a reasonable price to a sold out Sunday afternoon game. I was not sure we would get the tickets, but not only did he find some, they were in the fifth row down the third base line. Perfect!The only downside to the hotel was the ridiculous charges for room service and valet parking. A six-pack of Sam Adams beer was $30 not including the room service delivery charge of $4. Seriously, it is a $8 six-pack of beer, and $4 to deliver to the room, WTF? And the valet parking was ~$50/night. That is not a typo $50/night! Yet at the same time, it was our honeymoon, so the cost didn't really matter, even if they were annoying.The Trump is over the top and exactly what one would expect for the $400+/night the rooms cost. Yet even though expensive, I think it was worth it since the rooms were more than twice the size of rooms we were in prior hotels on our trip. Also, it had the kitchenette and fantastic bathroom with a great view of the Lake. Overall, I'd highly recommend this hotel to others.	
Jun 11 2009 	Best Hotel in Chicago one of the best in the world	Without doubt the best hotel in Chicago and one of the best hotels in the world. My wife and I were in Chicago to visit our son and decided to stay in the Trump as we had stayed in the Peninsula and Four Seasons in previous years. Our city view room was exceptional and larger than most suites that I have stayed in. There was a kitchen in our room which is vital for people living away from home for two weeks. It was ideal to have the option to eat out or just to relax in our room and have something light to eat.The gym facilities are amazing. The view from the gym is worth going there alone but when I did pretend to work out my treadmill had its own fan and iPod docking station. Simple idea but something that is not in very many gyms. Of course it was spotless and appeared to have equipment for a serious workout or a guy like me just going through the motions.When we ate breakfast at 16 (the restaurant within the hotel) we received personlized attention and exceptional service from our server (he showed us where the best views were in the foyer so that we could take better pictures of the Chicago skyline for our family to see). I normally don't eat breakfast but 16 made me break that rule every day throughout my stay.I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago. It is very well priced for the service and quality of hotel.	
Jun 11 2009 	Excellent Hotel with Outstanding Service - Especailly for kids	We made a short (3 night) trip to Chicago and stayed at the Trump International Hotel with our 11 month old baby. From the very first minute when we stoppe the car at the Valet, we were made very welcome and everybody was extremely helpful and courteous. Upon check-in our baby boy received a little stuffed cow which he really liked and is now part of his stuffed animal collection he likes to fall asleep with. There was a glass of milk and a cookie waiting in the room for him as well as a real baby crib with proper mattress and not just a &quot;Pack &amp; Play&quot;. I have to admit, the Trump Organization has figured it out: &quot;Happy Baby makes Happy Parents&quot;! Everybody knew our babyboys name and everybody looked extremely well after him which gave us even some time to relax while eating.The food in &quot;Sixteen&quot; is very good and we definately enjoyed a great Sunday Brunch. Agian, plenty to chose from for our baby as well. The Spa is excellent and once again, everywhere within the hotel we went we felt very welcome and were treated with courtesy and respect.Overall an EXCELLENT experience and we will be back.	
Jun 3 2009 	A luxurious place to sleep and indulge	My Mom and I stayed here for Mother's Day. The King City View Room was HUGE and extremely comfortable and inviting, very warm. The beds were excellent. The bathtub was amazing with well designed hardware. The color palette was beautiful. I would highly reccomend the pool and fitness center. Some of the room service and spa menu items are outrageously expensive, even comical sometimes, but there was a great variety on the menu, which is great for people with special diets, or just someone feeling like a peanut butter banana panini is a more interesting choice for breakfast then your ususal coffee, muffin, eggs bacon...	
Jun 1 2009 	Good but not great	Plus points: Checkin was quick and friendly. Hot towel at the checkin counter a nice touch. Room is a nice size, all amenities very good. Bathroom is nice - I actually like the 'wet' area for the bath + shower. Toiletries etc. are own brand but seem pretty good. The hotel is also in a good location suitable for business or pleasure - near the loop and Michigan avenue. Having the kitchenette in the room is good too (but read the negative) - housekeeping washed up the cup/saucer/bowl/measuring-cup I left out. They also supply an electric kettle as well as the nespresso machine.Negative points: housekeeping is a bit random, on the one evening I was in the room they came round to do the turndown service at about 9pm. It would be better if they could ask for a preferred time and schedule to those times.Also I bought some milk+cereal to have a simple breakfast in the room. Housekeeping disposed of the milk on my second to last night. Maybe I left it out, but it would have been nice to have a note at the very least about why they removed it. The fridge is also full of the usual overpriced minibar junk. I'd recommend making a specific point of confirming with housekeeping they aren't going to throw anything away. Also a point for our UK visitors - no teapot or coffee jug, but you can use the measuring cup.Compared with the Peninsula and the 4 Seasons it's close but not quite as good.-- Harry	
May 27 2009 	Nice Hotel	My family of four(kids 8&amp;11) stayed for two nights over the Memorial day weekend. We had a Deluxe King City View room on the 26th floor. We booked through the hotel and got a special rate of $199 a night. The regular rate is $399 a night. PROS: The hotel is in a great location. My family was able to walk to all of the local attractions. Plenty of restaurants close by. Hotel staff were very courteous when we arrived. The room was nice. We had a great view of the sunset. Plenty of room for four people. Stocked mini-bar but it was expensive. There was a 7/11 about a block away so we bought our snacks there. Also a Dunkin Donuts right across the street. Bathroom was excellent. Kids loved the TV in the mirror. The bathrobes were super soft. They even had robes for the kids. Beds were comfortable. About an hour after we checked in they brought up cookies and milk for the kids. Kids loved the pool but said the water was cold. CONS: When we made our reservations we requested for our room to be ready at 2:00 pm. When we arrived they said the room was cleaned but a supervisor needed to check it first. We ended up having to wait in the lobby for an hour until they finally checked us in. When we made our reservations they asked for our kids ages and names so they could have a &quot;goodie pack&quot; ready for them. When we checked in they didn't give us anything. After dinner we called the front desk and asked about the kids pack. They sent up a small mesh backpack with crayons and a coloring book. On their website they promise a lot more than that. Maybe because it was Memorial Day weekend they didn't have the time. The only complaints I had with the room was the sliding bathroom door. I would have preferred a bathroom door that gives you a little more privacy. The sliding glass door, with no lock, doesn't work for me. We never did have enough towels. The first morning we took our showers we noticed we only had two bath towels and a bigger towel that was probably a pool towel. We told the front desk when we went out that day we needed at least four bath towels. The maid came and did the room and still only left two bath towels. We had to call maintenance because the TV wouldn't turn on. The maintenance guy came right away. Turns out the maid knocked the power cord loose when she was dusting. The day we checked out the valet brought the wrong car from the parking lot. We had to wait 15 minutes for them to get the right car. They did give us some bottles of water while we waited. OVERALL: I would go back to the Trump if I got the promotion rate of 199 a night. I wouldn't pay the normal rate though. For that price I would expect everything to be flawless. It was a very nice place but it wasn't perfect. I give it a 4 out of 5.	
May 26 2009 	Trump Towers above the rest - with one exception	We enjoyed our stay at the Trump over Memorial Day weekend with one notable exception, which I will get into later. Our arrival was an indication of things to come – the valet took the car and let me know it could be delivered with :10 notice whenever I wished. We recognized the bell captain “Emanuel” from his days at The Sofitel where he took good care of us. Our bellman, Shawn, was friendly, polite and very knowledgeable. Shawn waited while I checked in and the sons were given their “Trump Kids” amenity. The front desk staff was professional, yet it seemed to throw them a curve when I made a request to change my room – yet remain in the same “room-type” category.We had reserved a King Suite with a city view and reservations had assigned us to a room ending in “28” which I knew to be facing the IBM Plaza – something I didn’t want – so I requested to be moved to a room ending in “02” which had a commanding view of River North. One may access the floorplans in advance of the stay at: www.trumpchicagohotel.com/Accommodations/interactive_floor_plans.aspThe request was accommodated and Shawn showed us to our room and explained everything from the pushbutton “Do Not Disturb” sign to the espresso machine (which makes really awful espresso, I must say). He took his time and made us feel like VIP’s. Our suite was spacious and comfortable, decorated in muted grays and the furniture is some kind of dark wood. The view was mostly north along Wabash with a small view of Lake Michigan and the Hancock as well. It was nice to have two flat-panel HD televisions in the suite with a DVD player for each. It was also nice to have two full baths! The linens were crisp and comfortable. My wife though the bed was a bit soft, but it was fine for me. Our pillow menu requests were honored accurately and promptly, even though we had requested a different room upon check-in. This turned out to be the one thing that housekeeping got right. After getting settled, we went straight to the pool, which has a commanding view east down the Chicago River to Lake Michigan. Unfortunately, there was no telephone in the pool for us to order a cocktail, so I had to walk out to the spa area to do so. It took a half-hour to deliver the drinks which, we found later, was the exception rather than the rule. The server had also bought the milk and cookies amenity for our boys and wondered if we would prefer that he deliver to our room instead. We did prefer that, and he took care of it. It was really a nice touch – each boy’s name was written on the plate in chocolate and they told us later “it was the best cookie they ever had!”We used in-room dining for one breakfast and a dinner. I was impressed that Trump stocks Spiegelau crystal in the kitchen. The full complement of plates, silver and kitchen tools were most welcome. In-room delivery time was accurate to the minute on both occasions. The graciousness and competency of the server was most welcome and the quality of the food simply marvelous. Trump clearly has its room-service down. My wife forgot to include a bottle of wine with the dinner and it was delivered within :05 minutes of our order. It was wonderful to have a refrigerator in the room, and we brought a bottle of bubbly for us, sodas and juices for the kids and had a place to stow our deep-dish pizza leftovers!Chef concierge Joseph Coston was helpful with CTA bus information and dining options and concierge Kathleen Zubroski had scored excellent Mary Poppins tickets for us in advance of our arrival. The Trump Concierge staff is the best I’ve seen in Chicago and we’ve stayed at all of the luxury hotels with the exception of the Park Hyatt.My spa treatment was, in a word, transformational. I can highly recommend therapist Jon Meltzer. The amenities in the spa are first-class and the locker/shower facilities are the finest I’ve seen. It was neat to be able to choose an aromatherapy for the steam room from a tray of three options. The Kohler multi-head shower with music and lighting in the men’s locker room is especially wonderful. Chilled, bottled water was in abundance as were towels and grooming materials. I didn’t use the Sauna. This would have been a perfect stay had it not been for ongoing issues with Housekeeping:#1) I asked Housekeeping for a larger bathrobe and slippers as the standard robe and slippers don’t fit me. I was told they would be delivered promptly, but they were not. I ended up having to get a larger robber from the Spa locker room and never did find slippers that fit. #2) On our first night in the room, the turn-down staff showed up at 5pm, just after we had returned from the pool. We informed the person that we didn’t want any turn-down service during our stay until 6:30pm at the earliest. At 6:00 pm – turn-down comes to the door again! We send them away again. At 6:30, when we are leaving for Mary Poppins, they arrive for service. We ask them to be sure to leave extra pillows and blankets for the boys on the sofabed. We arrive back from the show at 10:30 pm to find one pillow and one blanket on the sofabed. To their credit, within :10 minutes we had the extras we had requested. #3) On our second night, turn-down shows up AGAIN at 5pm and we tell them AGAIN no service earlier than 6:30pm. AGAIN, another knock on the door at 6pm. We ask them to come back at 6:30 when we plan to leave and make clear that the extra pillow and blanket we had saved from the previous night is to be used AGAIN. We arrive back at the hotel from dinner at 8:30pm to find one pillow and one blanket on the sofabed. AGAIN we must call for additional pillow and blanket. #4) On our third and final evening in the hotel, we were tired from a day of Lincoln Park Zoo and shopping so we went to our room at 3:45 to find the housekeeping staff just starting to service the room. OK – we decided to go to Rebar for a drink, and enjoyed another nice view of the river. They served us a small tray of nibbling items including my fave - pitted kalamata olives. The sushi menu looked good – and expensive – but we only wanted a drink and the view. We returned to our room at 4:30 and were disappointed to find housekeeping still there. This time, we remained in our room to ensure that an extra pillow and blanket were delivered and the sofabed was made up. And guess what – at 5pm turn-down knocked on the door AGAIN. This is a five-star hotel for crying out loud. They are supposed to note these kinds of things after being told once. I didn’t’ get a chance to register any complaint with the management before we checked out because we had a schedule to keep. However, I was able to note the issues on the follow up guest survey I received via email the day after checkout. Bottom line – we would stay at the Trump again as 95% of the stay was really great. You cannot beat the location and, with the exception of Housekeeping, staff members were responsive and gracious.	
May 25 2009 	Fabulous	My husband and I just returned from a 3 night stay in the Trump Hotel. We stayed in one of the Spa rooms on the 14th floor. This was actually perfect for us, we just had to walk up a flight of steps to use the health club, pool, etc. Rooms are spacious and extremely comfortable, bathrooms are wonderfully large. We had a great non-refundable rate of $199 which made it an even better stay....I would absolutely stay here again in a heartbeat. The staff and service were perfect. The location is in the middle of everything.	
May 18 2009 	Great hotel	My wife and I really enjoyed our stay there. The room was spacious and well planned with an Nespresso coffee machine in the room. Large bathroom and very comfortable. Normally upon arrival in the room we usually clean up and bolt out of the room but we were compelled to just hang out in the room and relax with a glass of wine. Room service was right on time and with no lingering looks from the person that brought the meal up. Definitely on my list for a return visit.	
May 12 2009 	5 stars - zero disappointment	All I can say is wow. We stay at hotels a lot. And every time I've stayed at a luxury hotel in the past, I've been disappointed. The Trump changed all that. At $199 a night on a special Travelzoo deal, I decided to give the Trump a try and indulge a little for a Mother's Day stay with my kids. I was impressed from the moment we arrived. We valet parked and our bags were brought inside for a smooth check in - every staff member addressed us by name. Kids were given backpacks with cotton candy and coloring books. Bellman brought us to our room; as we got off the elevator, I could tell we were headed to the river side of the property. I was so surprised &amp; pleased to see we had been upgraded to a larger, partial river view room. The room was kind of wedge shaped so the panoramic views from the floor to ceiling windows were amazing. Furnishings were in a muted purple with taupes and grays and looked just like the pictures on the website. I had ordered some amenities (gourmet popcorn, candy jar and chocolate covered strawberries) ahead of time to surprise my kids, and all were in the room just like I had requested. A few minutes after we arrived at our room, the bellman returned with little stuffed animals (pink and blue cows with a Trump Kids logo) for each of the kids - told me they had inadvertantly been left out of their backpacks at check in ( I was later told that the kids names and ages hadn't been updated into my profile- we only booked one day prior.) I asked about robes and slippers for the kids, and housekeeping brought them a few minutes later. We opted to relax and order a room service lunch - kids had a burger &amp; fries and grilled cheese with tomato soup. I got prosciutto di parma with buffalo mozzarella on grilled baguette. Food was amazing and presented with real silverware and a fresh orchid. The server asked if we would be dining at Sixteen later; I told him I thought the experience would likely be lost on the kids, but he mentioned that anything on the kids room service menu could be ordered at the restaurant - I'll keep this in mind for next time. As it stood, we kept out reservations at Harry Caray's - an easy 2 block walk from the hotel. After lunch, we checked out the pool. You have to sign in at the spa on the 14th floor to use the pool, but the staff was very helpful and personally escorted us to the locker rooms. Kids enjoyed a nice swim while I relaxed and enjoyed the views of the Chicago River &amp; Lake Michigan. Headed back to our room to get ready for dinner and found housekeeping was already there to turn down the bed. They don't leave wrapped chocolates on the pillow, rather a lovely glass tray of assorted chocolates and a gumdrop my kids fought over. Before swimming, we had asked for a game console, and we found a Playstation 3 and a few games had been delivered while we were out. Kids had a little trouble with the controllers, but maintenance came up quickly and brought the connection cable we were missing. Kids enjoyed a Wall-e game while I got ready. When we came back from dinner, we found the sofa bed had been made up just like we requested at check-in. What we did not find were cookies for this kids, which I thought were part of the Trump Kids amenities. A quick phone call to the front desk, and a few minutes later, in room dining brought up 2 large chocolate chunk cookies with glasses of milk. Kids couldn't even finish them. After the kids fell asleep, I took a bath - the bathroom is lovely, with a TV in the mirror as well as an adjoining tub and shower. Tub was deep and long with a waterfall faucet and I was able to indulge and enjoy a long bath - I am 5' 10&quot; and the tub was quite comfortable - this is rare for me. The shower has a rainfall head as well as a separate handheld shower massage. Robes for adults were in the bathroom and a digital scale and hair dryer were available as well. Bath amenities were very ample size - much larger than most hotels. Bed was so comfy - I loved the pillows but there was a pillow menu if you wanted something different. Kids couldn't wait to wake me up and open the curtains - all controlled with convenient wall switches. The view was even more impressive than the day before. We ordered room service for breakfast - my breakfast would have served all 3 of us if my kids weren't so picky. I ordered a &quot;Heart Healthy&quot; combination for $27 which included choice of juices (from orange to cherry pomegranate,) a blueberry muffin with assorted jams &amp; honey, a large fruit plate with 4 kinds of berries, cantaloupe, honeydew, pineapple and oranges, a huge bowl of Swiss Mueslix with pecan halves, slivered almonds, chopped apple and dried apricot, and coffee, tea or skim milk. I didn't eat half of it - just so much food. Kids pancakes and french toast were $9 each but served with more fresh berries. We had time for another swim before checking out and wished we had booked more than one night. It was such an enjoyable stay. Had a few glitches at check out - our breakfast charges weren't on the bill and the website had promised business cards for the kids with their names printed on them. We had lunch and shopping planned so we agreed to store our bags and come back later to get the kids' cards and my corrected bill. Was so pleased to find out the valet would keep our car until 5PM, included in the $52 daily rate from when we checked in - we took full advantage. I was handed an envelope when we got back - they recognized us. I just assumed the envelope had the cards for the kids and my bill, but once home found only the cards. I'm sure they sorted the bill out and if I don't get a copy in the mail, I'll give them a call and ask. Our stay was not seamless; but whenever things didn't go quite right, staff went above and beyond to rectify matters, and were always apologetic and cordial. What I loved most about the Trump was the lack of pretentiousness. As far as I could see, all the guests were treated well and addressed by name. Even bell staff in the elevator greeted us and asked us how we were enjoying our stay. I felt like we were being welcomed back rather than staying there for the first time. It was really a delightful experience. This is what a luxury hotel should be - friendly, professional staff, gorgeous rooms, great food and perfect location. This hotel is a real gem and we can't wait to go back.	
May 10 2009 	Amazing Five Star Service/rooms/amenitites	As a treat, my husband and I decided to stay here for the night preceeding Mother's day. We live in the suburbs of Chicago but enjoy overnighting in the city about 3 times a year. My children and cousin accompanied us just to check out the rooms but they were not staying overnight. Arrival:serivce was excellent. We valet parked the car, our bags were taken by the bellman, and our names were obviously placed into the computer system because less than a minute later, when we were checking in, the front desk staff called me by name. We were provided four lavender scented hot towels, and though my children would not be staying, *(and I told the front desk this,) the staff, nevertheless, gave my two children each a backpack containing cotton candy, a stuffed animal and crayons/coloring book.So very nice!Room:Our bellman took us to our room on the 17th floor. Each room has a doorbell and a light as its &quot;do not disturb&quot; system. We stayed in a standard King and got an unbelievable $199 deal. Our room was the largest standard room I'd ever been in (and we've stayed at luxury five star Ritz, Four seasons, etc..); this room was about 600 sq. feet. Regular rate for this room is $475. The room was done in muted mauve and earth tones. It was lovely and modern/tasteful. It had a velvet sofa, table, chair desk; not in any way cramped. Closet space was ample with a comp. umbrella. extra shopping bags as necessary. The bathroom located next to the front door contained a wet area for shower/soaker tub and a tv was built into the mirror.Back in the hall: along one very long wall was a high end galley kitchen with 2 burner meile cooktop, microwave, diswasher, fully stocked, euro cabinets with granite, a large minibar and a espresso maker which makes espresso by inserting small packets of coffee (I can't recall the name for this type of system). Used it in the am. Great coffee and easy to use! Room had two bathrobes, two sets of slippers, all toiletries necesssary (just like Ritz, etc.).This was the most beautiful and comfortable bed I've slept in. I wanted to take it home. High end frette sheets, pillow menu (including herb scented, if you wanted). Bose music system with ipod dock and free wireless internet. Turndown service was lovely and our floor was absolutely silent overnight even though there were a lot of kids staying at the hotel this weekend.Things one doesn't often think about are easily available here: 24 hour room service with extensive menus (even overnight) and extensive ability to serve dinner in the room or hold a catered cocktail party. (all for a high price, of course) as well as all of the concierge service, personal shopper service, etc.. you would expect of a 5 star hotel.We did not eat here, but the bar and hotel resturant, 16, get good reviews elsewhere.SpaThe healthclub and spa are connected. Tea/coffee/comp juice, water, etc.. all toiletries, towels, etc.. are available in the locker room. Steam room and sauna are located in both men's locker room and women's locker room. The only SLIGHTLY disappointing aspect of this hotel is the small size of the pool. It was not particularly large and max depth is 4'6&quot; w/ no outdoor space. All indoors, nicely appointed comfy furniture, and nice floor to ceiling windows.Overall: Ive never stayed anywhere nicer. I don't think I ever opened any door myself other than the door to my room! The level of service was astounding down to the valet leaving bottled water in our car for our trip home. Cant wait to find an excuse to stay here again. The level of service was amazing and the staff EXCEPTIONALLY professional and pleasant whether you appeared to be wealthy or middle class. Wide variety of guests stayed the weekend I did and and everyone I saw was treated very well.	
May 3 2009 	5 stars! Elegant refined!	I live in the Chicago area and decided to book the hotel for a weekend getaway.I found cheaper prices for the hotel through expedia and hotels.com. Trump hotel website prices are higher. But if you call the hotel directly they will match any competitor's rate. Upon arriving service was impeccable. They make a point to know your name at arrival,take your bags, check-in. I requested a quiet room and chocolate covered strawberries for my mother's day getaway. The front desk was more than polite. The front desk person personally escorted me to my room. She showed my the amenties and if I had any other questions to let them know.Shortly thereafter the bellman showed up with my luggage.The room was very big for hotel standards. over 600 sq ft.The bathroom had a deep soaking tub- heaven! Large shower head with a handheld shower as well. TV was in the mirror. Fluffy very comfortable thick spa like robes.2 items lacking:-Lack of towel bars to hang towels- speaker system for music in the bathroom- they have this at other hotels. would have been nice to play music and enjoy a bath.Kitchenette- had all the essentials- dishwasher, sink, stovetop, dishes, silverware.mini fridge, microwaveitems lacking: soap, dishwashing soap and towels and washcloths.- There is an awesome espresso machine. Easy to use, very good espresso.Bedding: most comfortable bed I have slept on ....you certainly get more than enough pillows. I had 8 in all! Bose clock radio and ipod docking station- wonderful40 inch LCD tv with DVD below in cabinet. -excellent. Figuring out the DVD was tricky since you had to go thru the main menu- if you have problems ask the front desk.Wireless- free and fast!Drapes: push of a button and they automatically close.Lightning: all lightning in the suite is on dimmers... wonderful!Overall the service is wonderful. Room was amazing.Hotel lives up to it's expectations. I even had chocolate strawberries at no charge.Parking is expensive- but that is to be expected. You are in downtown Chicago- every hotel and even the public parking garages are pricey. Don't expect cheap parking in the city. You are better off taking cabs, buses or the L. The hotel is more than accomodating to your needs and wants.Hotel restaurant although very snobby and chic- service and attention is wonderful.Breakfast very overpriced, but that comes with the territory. High end hotel, high end prices. If you have problems with prices at a hotel like this, this isn't the place to stay.Excellent hotel and location. Walking distance to mag mile and the stores.5 stars!	
Apr 28 2009 	expensive stay!	Trump is a beautiful hotel inside and out located on the Chicago River. I stayed in a one bedroom full kitchen suite. My room was extraordinary. View was nice. The bathroom has a walk in shower and separate toilet. Main distinction in bath area is the in mirror television. The suite has a full kitchen equip with dishes and pots and pans and a microwave oven. Living room has a sectional and a desk with wifi. Suite comes with a fireplace. I was impressed.Issues I had: none of the televisions works throughout my stay, luckily I was not there to watch television.Parking is 50 dollars a day! The guys that parked my vehicle returned is covered in what looked like paint, but I was able to wash it off. No one acknowledged it!When I went to complain that 50 dollars a day should protect my vehicle from such things everyone looked as though I was crazy and hilucinating and imagined the whole thing. I called to have the televisions fixed to no avail. The televisions continued to shut on and off all night waking from my sleep and creeping me out.Upon check out the service clerks were extremely snuddy and unapologetic for my stay. For someone who has recieved perfect service at places that I have spent less money the tower of Trumps is not worth it! 600+ dollars per night should include a few perks for the guest, and at the very least superb customer service. After I wrote a letter to the hotel about my stay I was compensated for 2 nights of parking.But I gave this hotel an overall of average, because I will not patronize the hotel again! I would rather pay more money to a hotel I know will fully satisfy my needs. Anything more than average mean I would stay there again, and this is not the case for the Trump towers.	
Apr 27 2009 	Too eccentric...	Stayed last weekend at the Trump Chicago (#2634) and I must admit I just didn’t get it.Sure it’s a nice say with attentive staff, good amenities, Bose iPod dock, clean and well maintained rooms with great views and comfortable beds. I would expect no less. But why do I need a fully kitted out island kitchen in my suite??? What do you do with a dishwasher with no soap to do any dishes? Same with the sink, no soap to clean up even if I did dirty the full set of dishes, silver, wine glasses and cookware (there is no exhaust over the cook top so even if you really felt the need to do any real cooking you most likely would set off all of the building’s smoke detectors). Was I to just leave a sink full of dirty pots, pans and dishes for housekeeping? It seems just an odd amenity to make it completely peculiar and useless in my view. I don’t travel to be a hermit in an SRO-like hotel room, I don’t care how opulent it is. Also, it had the strangest shower/tub layout I have come across in a developed country. Why do the tub and the shower need to occupy the same space and why just a single sink and no separate room for the toilet? The suite also had a lighting control system designed by NASA. I couldn’t imagine ever having the need for so much light control in a 700 sq. ft. room.Overall, it is a nice new property with a good location and I did enjoy my stay but I must say I must not be cut out to live like “The Donald”, all a bit theatrical and affected for me including the $1000. “Trump dinner” on the in room dining menu.	
Apr 15 2009 	great fitness center	one of the best fitness centers, i thought the hotel was great when i first visited in 2007 but after visiting in june of last year, i have seen better hotels in chicago like the four seasons, conrad, sofitel etc.	
Apr 11 2009 	Unbelievable! The best hotel we've ever stayed in - EVER!	My new wife and I stayed at the Trump Hotel and Tower in Chicago as a special treat on our 5 week USA Honeymoon.My wife and I have travelled many times to different places in many different countries, and this is by far one of the most amazing hotels we have ever stayed in. The service, amenities, rooms and staff are all absolutely amazing. We were thrilled with every single aspect of our stay and we just wish that we could have spent even more time there.The manager of the hotel left a beautiful platter of chocolate dipped strawberries and champagne as he knew that we were on our honeymoon. All the staff seemed genuinely eager to please, especially the concierge desk who really couldn't do enough for you. On a couple of occasions they recommended restaurants to us, and they were excellent each and every time.We absolutely loved the whole city of Chicago and can't wait to get back there is just so much to see and do. But the main reason we'll be back is to come to the Trump. Mr, Trump you should be impressed! The staff &amp; hotel are a real credit to you - this place is amazing.	
Apr 5 2009 	Exceptional Hotel	We rented a the Grand Deluxe 1 Bedroom King Suite with Lake View for my mother's big occasion birthday. The room was incredible - enormous with two bathrooms, floor to ceiling windows in the living room and bedroom with breathtaking views of the river, the lake, and downtown. My parents spent the night in the suite and the rest of hung out before and after dinner and the kids used the pool. Although it was expensive, we spit the cost among family, and it turned out to be an excellent way to wow and impress someone. I didn't use the spa facilities but heard that they were awesome. BTW - the rate on the hotel web site was very high; I called the hotel directly and the front desk offered to give me a discount.	
Apr 4 2009 	Amazing...Book through Virtuoso for the best deals.	First off, the booking. We used Virtuoso and got a fantastic rate. $230/night, $50 Spa Gift Card, $60 for breakfast every morning, and an upgrade (if available) on arrival. When we arrived, the doorman asked about our visit, and remembered every detail and asked about it daily. We were upgraded to a room not much bigger (650--&gt;900 square feet), however it was directly in front of the river...the best view ever. The room was clean, large, and amazing...words cannot describe it. The bathroom was large and filled with every bath soap, gel, and salt you could possibly want. The In-Mirror TV was perfect for staying up with the news while we showered. We were able to get as many papers as we wanted in the morning, and chose the Tribune and the NYT, which was delivered by 6 every morning. Room service was spectacular, but expensive (although not for us). The Spa, although not used by myself, was apparently flawless. The Health Club was the best integration of technology I've ever seen. The staff was always there, and they were friendly and professional. The only problem we ran into was that the Housekeeping Computers accidentally had us checking out a day early, but everything was quickly fixed, and no other problems occurred. The concierge recommended Bistro 110, up near Water Tower Place, and was the best casual dining experience we've ever had. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone, for its service, its rooms, and its overall experience.	
Mar 9 2009 	Fantastic	I wanted a romantic weekend getaway to Chicago and the Trump delivered. For about half the price of a room at the Four Seasons we had a room that met or even exceeded the Four Seasons experience. I did not end up using the hotels other amenities. We had other plans made for dining and the spa was priced beyond a price I felt was reasonable even for a splurge. But the room and the service from all hotel employee was an unbelievable value. When economic times improve, I wouldn't be surprised to find the price to stay become heavy for most budgets, so now may be the time if you want to treat yourself and someone special to a real upscale treat. I was not asked for any donation as I read in a different post. Only one minor complaint was that one morning my shower did not quite get as hot as I would have liked, but other times it did.	
Mar 8 2009 	Most Memorable Stay Ever	We have just returned from the most memorable hotel stay ever! The staff at the Trump Hotel exceeding our expectations in every way. My husband and I were going to stay to celebrate our Birthdays and decided at the last minute to take our childlren. I am so glad we did, as they received the most amazing treatment ever. This hotel really caters to children and as parents really appreciated the special treatment. Not only did they keep our children busy but the little details they add to make it enjoyable and relaxing for the parents is out of this world. I was so sad it check out as I didn't want this experience to end. Definitely worth every penny we spent. The service is what makes this hotel so unique. In a world filled with terrible service at every turn, it is a breath of fresh air when you find staff that takes such pride in their work. My kids have already asked if they can forego their next Florida vacation and stay at the Trump. I LOVED IT!	
Feb 27 2009 	Beautiful room view and location!!	We have stayed here twice recently with our sons age 4 and 2, November 2008 and February 2009. The suites are amazing, huge and beautiful, the windows are floor to ceiling and the view is fantasitc, the only way to travel with young children. Kitchen with microwave, stove, expresso machine, silverware/plates, and a fridge you can put your own things in to. Master bath with TV in mirror, comfy robes. Staff is so friendly, remember our names, ask how things are, answer any ?'s we may have. Upon arrival to our room there were 2 plates with the boys names in chocolate and 2 huge cookies each, which of course they loved! We ordered room service twice in both our stays and the food is fantastic and there was a kitchen table we could all sit at. Pool is very nice, there are even toys for the boys to play with! The air is very warm but my one complaint here is I think the pool is cold, of course once you are in it's fine, but my boys couldn't stay in longer then 25 minutes and they were shivering and lips were blue, very minor, but thought I would include for those travelling with young children. Now for my complaints, the first time we stayed we had a prob with the tv in the bedroom, we couldn't control the volume, couple of phone calls later we had a new tv, not a big deal. However, 2nd stay, the dvd player in the bedroom didn't work, the one in the living room worked fine, called 3 times, first 2 times someone came while we were out, and the player was still not working. I think they were &quot;fixing&quot; the living room one which was fine. the 3rd time I called and let them know what was happening and that we would be in the room to show the broken one. No one showed up. based on this I gave a 4 instead of a 5.	
Feb 20 2009 	Perfect in Every Way	My husband and I stayed there the night for valentine's day. The hotel exceeded our expectations by far. We were allowed to bring our pup who weighs under 10 lbs. They even brought in a bed for our pup, a dish for her, a collar and leash, treats, poop bags for when we walk her, etc. The concierge provided us with written confirmation of our dinner arrangements outside the hotel upon our arrival. The room was immaculate and the service was spectacular. It was worth every dime. We will definitely stay there again.	
Feb 18 2009 	Superb staff	We stayed at the Trump Tower in mid Feb 2009 and were absolutely delighted with the experience. The staff couldn't have been more helpful - the room on the 27th floor was exactly as I had requested and hoped for and the indoor swimming pool was fabulous.The room rate was excellent value - we could easily have paid double for this level.There wasn't really any downside except the restaurant was a bit pricey - it was also excellent with a marvellous view over Chicago river, perhaps not quite such as a cracking deal as the hotel.	
Feb 9 2009 	Exceeded all expectations	We had an awesome time at Trump Chicago this past weekend. Our suite exceeded all of our expectations (and, we have high expectations - we typically stay at the Ritz, Four Seasons or Peninsula in Chicago). We stayed in a deluxe one-bedroom suite. It was at least 1,500 square feet. The kitchen and both bathrooms were beautifully decorated, stocked and appointed. The fireplace in the living room area was a very nice touch. The bedroom part of the suite was huge and included an enormous dressing area just outside of the master bathroom. This hotel clearly anticipates guests needs and delivers - in most high end hotels, you have to request what you need for a bath (salts, oils, sponge, etc.) - Trump includes all of this with the room. In the kitchen, we had a very nice selection of high end teas and an espresso machine. The Sub-Zero refrigerator was stocked with all sorts of alcoholic and soft drinks. In fact, the suite was so nice that we canceled our dinner reservations at a nearby restaurant, visited a local grocery store and made dinner in the suite! The staff at Trump delivered a bottle of chilled champagne and a tray of chocolate-covered strawberries to our suite as we were arriving - we enjoyed these treats as we prepared dinner. I should mention that our suite had very high ceilings - the drapes were so long that they opened/closed electronically, by pressing buttons on the wall. The huge expanse of ceiling to floor windows overlooked the Chicago river and nearby buildings - very urban - we felt like we were downtown Chicago residents. All of the lights in the suite were on dimmers so that we could create some very romantic conditions throughout the suite in the evening. I could go on and on - but, I'll wrap up by saying that Sunday brunch at Sixteen was awesome - especially the dessert selections. And, the pool area/fitness center was in line with a 5-star resort - very impressive. Finally, I loved the staff - everyone who we encountered went over the top to make sure that we had everything that we needed and wanted right when we requested it - from simple things like a DVD to watch on Saturday night to stocking my favorite green tea in the suite - no request went unanswered - and every request was handled professionally and timely. I couldn't have been more impressed.	
Feb 8 2009 	Beautiful Hotel Stuck up service	When we arrived at Trump Towers the hotel was amazing! At the reception desk they had my name wrong in the computer so I corrected them. Then they asked for a donation. We decided to do the donation at the end of the trip. Apparently if you do not give a donation you will be treated differently. From then on the front staff was extremely snobby. We stayed four nights and they called us by the wrong name daily. We were waiting on a cab and another &quot;more important&quot; guest walked out and they tried to give our cab to them. The nice lady reminded the guy that we were waiting first. Rebar has a great view but good luck getting a table. They had a private function 2 nights that were were there and the other night all of the tables were reserved but no one was there. The drinks are over priced and the service is less than desirable. There is no other bar to go to in the hotel. Our ice machine broke twice while we were there and they did not fix it for 2 days. FYI there is not an ice machine on the floor. you have to call room service and they bring it 2 hours later. No wonder they have a hard time filling their hotel rooms. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. Stop in and take a look but there are so many other lovely, non-snobbish hotels. For the amount of money that you spend to stay in this overpriced hotel service should be awesome. We did not leave a donation at this money hungry establishment.	
Feb 2 2009 	top of the line hotel but not for spa get away	This hotel is first class all the way. The service is A++. Everyone that we encountered went out of their way to take care of us. Our room was amazing, very comfortable with a beautiful view (even in the winter!). We ate at Sixteen which was very expensive but great food, incredible service and perfect views. The Rebar was very fun. We used the spa for several services and had very mixed feelings. Everything was first class here but every time we were in the spa there were screaming children running around. We have used many spas and have never encountered this before. All guests at the hotel can use the spa locker room, pool and health club area so guests with children were using it at the same time we were trying to have a relaxing spa experience. we have 4 children and love kids but we were trying to get away for a couple of days!	
Jan 15 2009 	trump chicago - one of chicagos best	We were fortunate to have a one night stay throughamex preferred hotels and got an unbelievable rate of 329 which included 100 spa credit and 60 breakfastor room service credit and complimentary room upgrade. My kids were so happy when upon arrival they weregreeted with peanut butter and chocolate chip cookiesatop their chocolate personalized plates.They also were given children's robes and their own TRUMP calling card(PINK) complete with their individualnames and the trump tower address.The adults were given two gift boxes of premier chocolatesand a hand signed TRUMP welcome letter.The aromatherapy neck and eye pillows which were heated were a nice touchand of course the bose system with docking station added to the relaxing ambience.The spa services were wonderful as was the pool area.THe locker rooms were stocked with every amenity possibleand the kohler shower spa experience was so relaxing.Everyone was very accommodating and cordialand referred to us by name.Don't hesitate to book your next stay at the trump hotel.	
Jan 12 2009 	Fantastic and enjoyable--Chef Bernacci is amazing!	I live in Chicago, but had the chance to stay at Trump a few months ago and couldn't pass it up. I've traveled quite a bit and stayed in everything from lowly hostels (Amsterdam, Munich, etc.) to a plantation-style resort (Costa Rica). Plus, I used to work in the hotel industry and got to see lots of &quot;behind the scenes&quot; detail.This experience gives me, IMHO, a pretty balanced take on what to expect from a luxury stay. With that perspective, I can confidently say that Trump deserves top marks and recognition as a luxury location.I don't fault other reviewers for their notes on attention to detail and expectations of service. Certainly, they have a right to expect nothing but the best. What puzzles me is the quality and number of accolades each review gives, only to leave behind a low star rating!My experience: greeted warmly and asked if we needed help to our room. As noted, we're from Chicago and didn't have much stuff, so we went alone. The room was stunning. Our view faced the Northwest, which is prettiest at night. Of course I would have enjoyed a better view of downtown, but that was my doing--can't fault the hotel there!My wife and I got a couples massage--my first massage ever--in the exquisite spa. Seriously, it's the kind of place you only see in movies. The attention and service there was perfect. For a guy who didn't think he could lay still for an hour massage, I was surprisingly happy as a clam. What a wonderful experience.We went back to the room and ordered dinner. When they brought it in, our table was transformed and I felt like I was in a 5-star restaurant. Very nice. The food is mind-blowing. I had the chance to try an appetizer at the bar at Trump a few months earlier and still rave about it. The full meal was even better. Perhaps most impressive is that they were able to get everything up to the room hot and tasty. The was the first time I've had room service where the quality hadn't been compromised.We'd planned on going out in the evening, but opted to stay in. I think it's a good sign for Trump when I'd rather lay around and watch pay-per-view (IronMan) in bed instead of heading a block over to Andy's Jazz!Our breakfast the next morning was wonderful, and our check-out experience flawless. I found every person to be helpful and pleasant and the quality of the rooms and amenities world-class.If you are just looking for a place to crash and have a few hundred dollars to spend, you're going to get a great bed and fantastic food. If you're looking for a nice getaway, whether from Chicago or not, Trump is a memorable indulgence. Rather than trying to convince yourself if wasn't worth it, relish the experience: visit the spa, eat the food, get a drink in the bar--let yourself feel like royalty for a bit! You won't regret it.	
Jan 12 2009 	This Place Trumps Them All	I recently stayed at the Trump following the Christmas Holidays. It was an opportunity to relax and spend some time with my nephew. The stay was such an amazing experience, from start to finish. My nephew loved the milk and cookies and the fact that there was an X-box waiting for him made the whole weekend. The rooms are beautifully appointed and immaculately kept. The pool/spa has to be one of the most relaxing I've ever visited. Brunch at 16 was exquisite, the view breathtaking! I highly recommend the whole experience. I can't wait to return for another weekend getaway.	
Jan 7 2009 	Letting things slip...	I have been a lurker on this site for a couple years and after my recent stay at Trump I decided that I needed to write a review about my experience.I have stayed at Trump three times now. The first two times were phenomenal! My family and I have always stayed in the “46 type” room between the 19-23 floors. We love the view of the Wrigley Building and the magnificent Chicago lake front and river. The rooms were always flawless, the service was great and there was not much more that we could ask for. Upon arrival our favorite doorman, MK, greeted us by name, said he was so glad that we were back and helped us to check in as usual. It was a great start to what should have been a fabulous stay. Then things started going downhill, first of all, we had to wait a good 5 minutes before anyone came to the front desk. Where was all the staff? One of the male concierge’s came over and started chatting with us; he was charismatic and let us know that if there was anything he could do for us, to please let him know. Well, there is something he could have done, he could have either checked us in or got someone to check us in. Instead of doing either of those things he went back to his desk and started chatting with one of his coworkers. When someone finally did check us in they were very nice. She acknowledged that we were return guests and said she was glad that we had come back to stay at Trump. Then she gave us our keys. I need to stop here for a second. The last two times I have stayed at this hotel not only was I not handed my keys, I had someone take my family up to the room, show us where things were and of course open the door for us. As I took the key, I didn’t think too much of it, but after everything that happened during our stay I can now see how our stay was destined for disaster from the get go. When we got to our room, everything was beautiful as usual, our youngest daughter called down to attaché to see if she could get an XBOX, and they obliged, two hours later it wasn’t in our room and when we called down to inquire we found out that they had left for the night. In previous stays we had always called the attaché desk as late as 11:00pm with someone there to grant our wishes and now at 9:00pm no one was there? It wasn’t even a holiday. Before heading out for some shopping my husband and I decided we wanted to stop by the concierge desk to see our favorite concierge Alexzandra. To our dismay we found out that she was recently transferred to another property. When we did ask the concierge questions the girl either didn’t know the answer or was robotic. I don’t ask that much of a concierge, but when I want to go to a fine dining option that isn’t as mainstream as Charlie Trotters I expect the concierge to deliver, and she did not. As a family we heavily rely on a concierge. We like to be able to throw out an idea and have the concierge make it happen, and on this trip things just weren’t the same. We decided to go to restaurants we had already been to since the two concierges we spoke to could not come up with anything that we hadn’t already been to. My oldest daughter is a fashion forward 16 year old who loves exploring Chicago’s indie neighborhoods. Normally the concierge would come up with a detailed plan of attack for her stay, but no one seemed interested in providing a level of service that actually required some thought. Needless to say we were disappointed and she was bored.I think the most disappointing service issue we had was that there was an overall lack of attention given to my family. The only person who called my family by name was MK, all of the other staff members didn’t even make an effort to address us by name. No one was particularly rude, but at the five star level I want extraordinary and that is what I used to get at the Trump, and it is a shame that that is no longer the case.During our first two trips to the Trump, service seemed to be of the utmost importance to this hotel, they had staff everywhere. They had great staff. Now, it seems like they are cutting back on their most valuable asset and forgetting why their customers stay there. I don’t stay at a hotel to be left alone; I stay at a hotel to be pampered! I want somebody to open the door for me, I want the concierge to know my name and I want to be escorted to my room. When I am paying thousands of dollars a night, I expect the best, and Trump did not deliver.Mr. Trump, you have a lot invested in this property, I advise you to go and stay there. I think you should see what your hard earned money has bought you. This hotel is slipping, I have quite honestly received better service at Holiday Inn’s then I did on my last stay at your hotel. We used to LOVE your hotel, my daughters begged me to bring them back here, but after the service (lack of) we received on our most recent visit we will be going back to the Peninsula, as they have continually met our needs without a bat of the eye.I don’t want a refund for my stay, I want my time back and that is far more valuable than any monetary sum this hotel could refund me.	
Dec 29 2008 	A disappointing experience	Ours was a disappointing experience. Sure the rooms are large and the gym is great but that's about it.We checked in on Sunday evening( 3 rooms). No one showed us to our rooms--&quot;&quot;heres the keys and use them to go up in the elevator&quot;. Thats all. No one accompanied us as other writers have noted. The next morning problems began. There was inadequate water pressure and the water temperature was tepid. My sons, in their rooms, experienced the same. I, of course complained and was assured that it would be rectified. When we returned later, the bathroom was left a mess by the engineer. I was told it was fixed.  The next day I discovered that the water pressure and the temperature was not fixed and I had to use the gym to have a hot shower. Now I was really upset. The hotel then sent 2 engineers who spent 2 hours sharing our room trying to fix it. Their 1st effort failed but eventually they got it right. The doormen were hit and miss--some times they opened the doors and other times. they didn't. The concierge desk usually, but not always, was manned. Although we were there for 3 nights, I only saw a &quot;clefs d'or&quot; once and then only for a brief period. The bar has a drink menu and prices. Yet, they charged more. When questioned, we were told the menu was wrong. When told they can't so that, the waitress threw down the bill.  They also closed the bar early. Not once did I ever see a manager. Not once did anyone with any level of authority ask about our stay. I was told that the managers are on the 2d floor and therefore didn't interact with the guests. Compare this with a 4 Seasons etc where a management rep is always present. Now here is the height of chutzpah. The trump does not have a guest comment card in the room. Instead they sent me an e-mail form which was user unfriendly--I had to answer all questions although not relevant. Last but not least, the form asked how much money I make. What does this have to do with how Trump is operating his hotel In conclusion, this is a poorly managed hotel.	
Dec 29 2008 	One of the Best Ever	After being bumped from the W Lakeshore because they were oversold, hotels.com helped secure me a room at the Trump. It was like dying and going to heaven. As dank and dismal as the W is, the Trump is nothing short of one of the finest properties I've ever stayed at. In addition to large, spacious, luxurious, sumptuous rooms and bathrooms, the real story here is impeccable service from the most professional staff I've experienced and interacted with. From top to bottom - the doormen, the reception staff, the concierges, there is AAA quality that is so rare these days. This must be the nicest property in Chicago these days, if not the nicest in the country. Absolutely 10 out of 10 experience for the discerning traveler and I highly, highly recommend. It is one of the few places that is expensive and worth it. My only regret is staying for only two nights. I would've loved to stay for a month.	
Dec 22 2008	Not impressed	The Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago is a nice enough hotel. It is relatiely new, so (most of) the decor is fresh and unspoiled.I booked directly with the hotel. I explained that I had the online floorplan in front of me as I was talking, and was only interested in the larger of the two-bedroom suites. (The '00' floorplan.) I didn't look at any other floorplans, since I wanted the best available room and, based on the floorplan, that was obviously it. I was quoted the rate, and reserved my room.Case closed, right?The room rate, plus taxes, for a two-bedroom suite ends up being just under $2,000/night.It's not like I'd committed the floorplan to memory, much less those of other rooms/suites. When I arrived at my room, something just wasn't right. I didn't know what it was, but it wasn't quite what I was expecting.Still, my stay was relatively uneventful. I had a few problems with housekeeping, and staff getting the name wrong in correspondence. But nothing that would specifically preclude me from staying at the Trump hotel (Chicago) again. It was only after arriving home that I realized why the room seemed less than impressive.About a week after my stay, I went online to show someone why I'd booked that particular room. (Clearly, in the floorplan, you can see the '00' rooms are the biggest, and thus, probably the best, in my books.) Only then did I realize the hotel staff had given me the smaller two-bedroom suite. I couldn't believe it. Not only had I specifically booked the '00' floorplan, clearly stating that I did not want the smaller two-bedroom suite, but all my &quot;eAttache&quot; correspondence referred to the larger two-bedroom floorplan, as well.If this was an innocent mistake, then it falls right in line with the myriad other little mistakes staff made during my stay. (Nothing major. Just puzzling.) However, I suspect they just didn't want to put me in the larger suite...for whatever &quot;reason.&quot;So, while I would have likely stayed there again had I either been put in the correct room, or never learned of the switcheroo, I must admit that since learning of this, I have zero plans to stay at Trump again.The thing is, I'm going to Chicago again in a couple of weeks. I'll likely stay at Park Hyatt or some other hotel where the two-bedroom suite I book, is the two-bedroom suite I get. Imagine that!	
Dec 12 2008 	Great first impression of the Trump	On my last trip to Chicago, I decided to stay at the Trump after finding out that everything was booked that weekend. Our de facto hotel is the W Chicago City Center for convenience, but my preference when staying for more than one night is to be closer to the River area.The W was charging $569/night for the basic room, and the Trump was $575. The W charged for internet access, but the Trump comped it, so the Trump was actually cheaper. As I got closer to the trip, I found that the Sofitel Water Tower was actually $413/night, so I actually booked there and canceled the Trump. When I called to cancel at the Trump, I was delighted and surprised that they decided to match my rate at the Sofitel. So I went back and canceled my Sofitel reservation.The Trump is a full-service hotel. When you step out of your car/cab, there is a guy to open the door. There's another guy to take your luggage. When you're checking in, the luggage guy is there waiting for you to get settled, and then leads you to the room. You are then given a tour of the room. Service is impeccable.The facilities are first-class. You have a TV built into the mirror of the bathroom as well as a larger flat-screen in the main hotel room area. The main room is probably 500 to 600 square feet--almost twice the size of my small Manhattan studio. The windows are essentially floor-to-ceiling. Every unit in the main tower has a kitchenette wth a small Subzero refrigerator/freezer, so no trips to the ice machine. There's a cabinet full of dishes, plates, silverware, even pots/pans and cooking utensils. The shower is huge, and there is a sunken tub in the shower area.I could go on, but the point is that the accommodations are first-class. The service is perfect. Even the room service is brainless--they bring in the food and leave you with a bill that includes gratuity that you don't even need to sign.The one niggle I had was a small one. In my haste to check out, I didn't realize until I was literally on the plane that I left both of my Blackberries in the hotel room. The hotel of course found them, but it took a little bit of calling back and forth to confirm this. They overnighted the units back to me in NY, but they did charge my credit card for the delivery (not a big deal, since this was my fault).I'd stay here again in a heartbeat, but for $575/night, I might be tempted to try the Peninsula--or the Sofitel for more than $100 less.	
Dec 12 2008 	A great personalized experience	We stayed here for our annual &quot;Christmas in the City&quot; with our kids (staying downtown to enjoy Chicago this time of year and making it a &quot;special treat&quot;).We had one of the one-bedroom suites. At about 1100 square feet, there was plenty of space for the 4 of us to stretch out. The decor is wonderful (modern, but not over the top). Good color pallate, too - very relaxing. The &quot;fireplace&quot; in the room was purely for show, though (no heat - just the appearance of a fireplace with red lights to simulate the fire).The king bed was very comfortable and the &quot;pillow menu&quot; allows you to specify the number and type of pillows you'd like to have for the room (my wife and daughters each had their own body pillow in addition to the standard pillow and I had one of the contour pillows that supports your head better than a standard pillow). My only issue is that the sofabed is somewhere between a full and queen in size - not quite big enough for my two daughters (9 and 7), so we ended up sharing the king bed, too.Nice in-room amenities including fridge, microwave, cooktop, sink, and dishware to cook/reheat your food (if you bring in or have them cook in the room for you - too pricey for us). The Nepresso (sp?) espresso maker was also much appreciated.The girls also enjoyed the pool (at the healthclub/spa) particularly since, at this time of year, there was no one else in it - they felt like princesses with their own pool!We'd certainly come back and recommend to our visiting friends/relatives.	
Dec 12 2008 	Donald Trump has style - and knows how to do a hotel right!	My wife and I decided to head to downtown Chicago for a romantic weekend and spa excursion. We reviewed several hotels, some we had frequented in the past, others were new - but we decided to visit the Trump Chicago, and it was well worth every penny spent.The Trump provides a true five-star experience. The check-in process is easy, and the folks behind the desk are very courteous. They actually show you to your room and demonstrate how to use all of the features in the room. Our room was on the spa floor and had great views of the city and Chicago river. The room was larger than other hotel rooms in the downtown area and exuded a sense of calm. All materials used in construction were top-notch, and the earth tone paint was a calming counter to the bustling cityscape below. Everything on the Magnificent Mile and State Street (Streeterville) was a short walk from the Trump. The bar at Trump (ReBar) was very cosmopolitan, and featured a selection of high-end sake.The spa was an example of absolutely superb service in and of itself. The host at the spa was absolutely amazing - he was truly involved, and Trump could not have found a better person for the job. The ambiance was incredibly calming, from the superb teas to a knockout massage - it was all there. Most importantly, the spa felt exclusive. There were no crowds of people waiting for services in robes, etc.However, not everything was &quot;perfect&quot; in paradise. If you buy a package which provides extra spa services or incentives, bring your confirmation and know what you are getting. The spa computer systems are not linked to your package, so you need to ask for the package credit upon departure. Parking was not part of the hotel stay - plan on around $20.00/day for public parking at the hotel, more for valet service. One last concern is that the adult TV movies and titles are visible by default - we were not concerned, but a family with kids may very well be.Ultimately, if you are in search of an awesome hotel experience and even better spa excursion, the Trump will deliver better than almost all others.	
Nov 27 2008 	time at the Trump	Overall, we enjoyed our stay at the Trump. We made good use of the kitchen in our suite to make meals. We appreciated the spacious dimensions of the room, the quality appointments in the bathrooms, toiletries, and bed in the room. However, the sofa bed was not very comfortable, too soft and saggy in the middle. Really appreciated FREE wi-fi. Why can't everyone offer this? Every employee we encountered was friendly, helpful, and well-trained in offering service. The only downside on service was that there was only one person at the check-in desk, and there was a long line of people waiting behind us. Attache services were prompt, from requesting plastic wrap, to a glass of milk. We made use of the spa, and the treatments (massages) were wonderful; the technicians were great. The locker facilities could use a little maintenance on the shower doors, some of which wouldn't lock, and more hair dryers would be appreciated. Room service was very prompt and the serving sizes generous. Overall, a good experience, but to reach the level of a top notch luxury hotel, which it is aspiring to be, will take some work. Special kudos to Olin at the Spa, who took the time to explain everything related to the spa and treatments to us in a patient, friendly way.	
Nov 26 2008 	Well worth the price!	We stayed here during what appeared to be the quietest of all the weeks of the year. This place was a ghost town! We loved it. We had so much personal attention. The Bellmen knew our name...the concierge knew us...the housekeeper even used our name! The room (a suite) was absolutely lovely! Our son slept on the pull out sleeper couch and our 10 year old daughter slept on a chaise lounge in our bedroom. She and he were very comfortable. I tell you this because I almost didn't book with this hotel because I was upset about having to pay $50 more dollars for a cot...my daughter was fine with out one and the hotel was gracious about providing us with sheets etc. to make up a bed for her. We paid $470 a night for this two room suite with a city view. We ate breakfast at 16 and it was wonderfully elegant. What a gorgeous setting for a restaurant...especially on a sunshiney bright morning! The pool was huge and clean! The workout facilities were so outstanding! I would stay here again in a minute! Wow, are my kids spoiled!!!!	
Nov 20 2008	Despite Trump I loved it	The last name on earth I associate with is Donald Trump, but I decided to give this a shot. From the second you enter the door, this is a true 5 star experience, the likes of which I don't think I've ever had anywhere. And I commonly stay at places like St. Regis, etc. etc.You enter the door, you're welcomed, asked your name and escorted to a very discreet desk in the minimalist lobby. In seconds, you have your room, and at least 5 people welcome you by name. The room was a one-bedroom suite, and it was breathtaking. Not only a large living room, but attached to it is a full kitchen, in exquisite style. You can actually cook in this room, although there isn't an oven. Everything is decorated in perfect taste, very expensively, but not ostentagious at all. The bathrooms were beautiful, there's even a flat screen tv built (somehow) in to the mirror!The only negative was the fireplace, which I was looking forward to enjoying. It's completely fake, electric optical-illusion flames, no heat at all. The bar is also magnificent in the hotel, complete with very finely made drinks and a luscious bar menu, with awesome sushi. I am sure that everyone of the highest taste will be pleased with this hotel. it's a truly premium class experience.	
Nov 13 2008 	Best Hotel in Chicago	We normally stay at the Peninsula or the Park Hyatt but both were booked. My husband and I were celebrating our anniversary and decided to check out Trump's new hotel. Everything was wonderful. We had a 2 bedroom executive suite with outstanding views of the lake and the Navy pier. Our rooms were beautiful and the amenities were top notch. We also used the spa, pool and exercise facilities. Everything was great. Loved the deluge shower and steam room. Our 9 year old was with us and he had a ball. It was his first trip to Chicago and he was treated like a prince by everyone at the hotel. They even supplied us with an Xbox 360 set up for the room. I thought it was a great value considering we normally spend the same amount for a one bedroom suite at the Peninsula and our 2 bedroom suite was twice the size. Not only that we had a full size living, dining and Kitchen. It's a great value for a family since it sleeps 6 with the sofa bed. Most importantly the service was better than any I have ever had at other luxury hotels anywhere. The check-in was flawless, We even got a welcome from the general manager. We ate at 16 and had the chef's tasting menu. The service was excellent and the food to die for. Our couple's spa treatment was perfect.We travel to Chicago often and this will be our new hotel from now on.	
Nov 2 2008 	Amazing hotel	This is an absolutely amazing hotel. We managed to afford it becuase we got a special deal as it was still being constructed. As we were leaving there were only small amounts of building work left to complete. We didn't have any noise from the construction work. The room was massive. Everything you could possibly need was there. Only minor thing was that even though lots of coffee was provided only 2 Coffee Mate creamers were left - so had to buy our own. Hotel is in a fantastic location - at the end of the Magnificent Mile and next to the Wrigley building. If we win the lottery we would definitely return!	
Oct 17 2008 	Not just over the top but over whatever is over the top.	I am not enamored of the Trump image but booked this hotel because it was convenient to a business meeting and had such fine reviews on this site, which I trust. It turned out to be the most impressive hotel stay I can recall. The room was enormous, I liked its design very much. It came with a complimentary tray of chocolate and a complimentary bottle of wine. There was a complete kitchenetter (espresso machine, microwave, refrigerator, dishwasher and sink, tableware, etc.) There was a flat panel tv that, in a wonderful idea that all hotels should embrace, is quiet when you turn it on and the menu screen comes on. Then there was a small flat panel in the bathroom mirror as well. The tub and shower were inside a single glass enclosure, which I liked although others could disagree. There were big drapes that have a motorized control. Plenty of space and seating areas. The room service menu was expansive with an abundance of choices. The spa and health club were also enormous and offered a very wide array of experiences. The staff is lovely. I could not imagine having a nicer stay in a hotel.	
Oct 10 2008 	Writing This Review While Still on Property	I plan on following up with a full review later, however, I wanted to give an initial impression while we're still on property. We are finnicky (sp) and frugal when it comes to accommodations. With that said, we ( myself, wife, and 7 year old daughter ) have found ourselves forced to slow down and forget our busy schedules, etc. We could not be happier.....	
Oct 5 2008	Impressive	Impressive property. Service was what one would and should expect. Room was one of the best I have stayed in; little subzero refrigerator, kitchen stove and sink are a nice touch. Decor was understated and tasteful. The lobby bar was very nice, with a great view of the river. Give the Trump a try.	
Oct 5 2008	Extraordinary	What a difference a few months make. After a relatively disappointing stay at the Trump in the spring---the property was shockingly unfinished---I just returned from an extraordinary visit. This trip I booked a one bedroom, river view suite, took advantage of the excellent '16' restaurant and the fabulous spa. All told the hotel is incredibly well appointed, the rooms are beautiful, has a wonderful friendly and accomodating staff, and has what many five star properties in Chicago lack---genuine sophistication. I usually stay at the Penninsula or The Four Seasons..but for this visit the Trump surpassed them both.	
Oct 1 2008 	Wow! Wow! Wow!	This by far is one of the best hotels out there. The spa rooms are beautiful. We had floor to ceiling windows that overlooked the river. The bathrooms are luxurious and include fancy shampoos and my favorite, the sugar body scrub. We had a TV in the mirror and a flat screen in the main room. The closet had a towel/compress heater which was nice to use in bed after our showers. The service was like no other. He must send these professionals to &quot;Nice&quot; school because there wasn't one person that wasn't friendly and helpful, which is hard to find. I had a drink in the Rebar, also the waitress was kind. The view with the dim lighting was relaxing. We also visited the pool, gym, and spa on our last day. All are located on the 15 floor. While waiting for my massage a gentleman asked if I would like tea made from fresh loose leaf. I declined but it smelled nice. The gym has state of the art equipment. My husband said it was the nicest he had seen. We were traveling with our 4 1/2 year old and he too felt welcome here. They loved children. Housekeeping sent up his own robe and slippers that said &quot;Trump Kids&quot;, how cute. The last day Trump and his family arrived for the opening of the residence side of the building. I wish I would have had the chance to tell him what a great job he did with this hotel. We will stay here every time we visit Chicago.	
Sep 24 2008 	Simply the best	I don't like Donald Trump but I loved his hotel. This is a fairly new addition to Chicago and what a step up! It's right along the Chicago River with lovely river and lake views. You can see Navy Pier as well and I can imagine get a great view of the fireworks. We had an Executive King Suite. These rooms are located on the upper floors of the hotel and have secured elevator access. Our room was huge approx 700 square feet. There was a large open living, dining and kitchen area...with a fully equipped kitchen. There is a large bedroom and a luxurious bathroom with integrated television inside the mirror. My son said it was, &quot;magic&quot;. I have to agree. The furnishings and ambiance are modern and luxurious. It's a great place to stay with children. They greeted my kids with cotton candy. They also provided a crib with lovely linens (although the crib itself was somewhat smaller than full size). The staff were so friendly and lovely with the kids from the front desk to the doorman. I look forward to returning to this lovely hotel.	
Sep 23 2008 	Above and beyond	My boyfriend booked us a room at The Trump as a surprise for our anniversary. Of course, with the name Trump attached to this hotel, you expect a lavish, upscale hotel. Aside from being lavish and upscale, this hotel has customer service that far surpassed any expectations I had. Upon arrival to the hotel, every staff member knew my boyfriend and I by name, greeted us with genuine smiles and were always very quick to offer help and assistance in anyway we needed.Our room was not ready when we arrived so to make up for our delay, the hotel upgraded our suite to a 1500 square foot room and offered complimentary drinks at their on-site bar, Rebar. After having a few non-alcoholic drinks (I am expecting), we went back to the front desk to check on the status of our room, which was still not ready. Shortly after explaining that I was expecting and needed to get situated so that we could go to dinner, our room was ready. The room was absolutely gorgeous--we had a panoramic view from ceiling to floor of Navy Pier (which later benefitted us as we watched the weekend fireworks show from our chase lounge at 10pm). The spacious room was more like a condo, complete with a full kitchen (microwave, dishwasher, oven, fridge, plates, silverware, etc.) , 2 full bathrooms, living room, dining room, and bedroom. The living room and bedroom both have large flat screen TVs. Each area in the room can be individually temperature controlled. Shortly after settling into our room we received a knock at the door (actually a ring from the doorbell) from room service delivering a bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries with a card wishing us a Happy Anniversary from the staff, complimentary of course.After enjoying that we then received a phone call from the hotel manager apologizing to us for the lengthy wait for our hotel room and offering us a later check-out time and complimentary breakfast of our choice from the restaurant Sixteen or room service (which later totalled to be over $100). Every service that this hotel offers has special extras which makes it even more fun to order. Throughout the night we enjoyed their 24 hour room service, including ordering a Trump Sundae twice. Everytime you order, the staff will gladly set your table for you where ever you choose to dine (near the window, at the dining room table, bedside, etc.).The next morning, our paper was delivered, breakfast was served promptly. We loved the robes and watching TV in the bathroom while getting ready. Upon checkout, we were again greeted by name and asked if everything had met our standards, which it of course did. I would highly reccomend this hotel and would gladly stay again...and again. One more thing, although the hotel is under construction, we were never disturbed by any noise, detours or construction workers. This hotel works hard to ensure that your stay is as peaceful and relaxing as possible.	
Sep 22 2008 	Loved The Trump	I booked a girls weekend at this hotel. Almost didn't book the hotel as read some negative reviews about the service. Not sure where those reviews were coming from because that was not my experience. From the moment that the taxi dropped us off, the service was nearly flawless. The bellman, without seeing luggage knew my name and everyone in the hotel did for that matter. This is the first time at the hotel and it was very impressive. Everyone was so friendly and everyone always said hello no matter where you where on the property. The concierge George was the best. He even walked us to the restaurant for lunch as he thought we might get lost. When we checked in, we received hot towels for our hands and water. Our room-2 bedroom suite was lovely with gorgeous views of the river. This suite had plenty of room for 6 girls. I did tell the reservationist when booking that we were celebrating a birthday. The hotel one day sent us champagne, not a cheap bottle and a tray of chocolate, the next day we received gorgeous flowers and another day we received a chocolate cake. We are not celebrities nor we we paying a rack rate. In fact, I had a rate of pay for two nights and get one night free. I have stayed all over the world and have never been treated so well. The health club was large and brand new. There was a nice touch of putting voss water by your bed each night. The housekeeping service was great and have us as much as voss water as we needed for our stay. Originally I was going to stay at the Sofitel and am so glad that I deccided to stay here. We went to the R-Bar which was nice but didn't stay as the views from our room were better. I wouldn't have any second thoughts about booking here or staying here again. TRUMP really knows how to hire the right people. This was an excellent experience.	
Sep 11 2008 	Absolutely loved it	Without a doubt this is the best hotel I've ever stayed in. I was absolutely gutted to be leaving, although that would have something to do with Chicago being such a great place too.The staff were great. Helpful and friendly and couldn't do enough for you.The room was magnificent. Exactly as the website shows. Fantastically clean and with every amenity you could want.The spa was great. It never seemed too crowded and had a decent sized pool.The bar, (rebar), was excellent and the barman was superb. We had a slight problem with some bar snacks and we were comped our drinks for the rest of the evening as an apology - a little touch that makes all the difference.The restaurant, sixteen, is lovely. Massive panoramic windows, look out over Chicago while you dine on great food and wine. Yes it's expensive but hey it's a Trump restaurant, what do you expect?!When we stayed the tower was still being finished, hence the buy one night, get one night free deal that we got, but the construction was on the top floors, (80 floors away), and we never heard a peep of noise or had our stay disrupted in any way.I was expecting the place to be too garish and a little overwhelming in an extravagant Donald Trump style but it was nothing of the sort. Understated elegance is how I would describe it. Quite simply we had an amazing time and I can't wait to go back.	
Sep 9 2008 	Wonderful weekend in Chicago	We just got back from a wonderful weekend at The Trump hotel in Chicago. It was our first visit to the city and we enjoyed every minute of it. The hotel itself was beautiful. Still under some construction but we were not affected by it. The staff was always courteous. The pool and spa were fabulous. We had drinks at Rebar, which was very nice and breakfast one morning at Sixteen. The food was delicious but a little on the expensive side. All in all it was a great trip.	
Sep 7 2008 	A first class experience	We are a family of four,and stayed for 14 nights at the Trump Tower in August of this year.We stayed in a one-bedroom king apartment overlooking the City.The accommodation was first-class,new,and spotlessly clean.It was also huge-1000 sq feet,two plasma TVs,a fully-stocked kitchen,and two bathrooms,all luxuriously-appointed.Oh-there is also a TV in the mirror in the bathroom if you wish to catch up with the news whilst soaking in the bath!Maid service each day was efficient and unobtrusive,as was turn-down in the evenings.The gym facilities are first-class and were under-used by the other guests during our stay.The pool must be the best that I have ever seen in a luxury hotel-25 yards,with a dedicated lane at one side,and not too warm.It was never crowded,and I must have had the pool to myself on at least half a dozen occasions for lap swimming.The hotel staff are attentive,if at times a little over-enthusiastic!-I don't remember opening a door for myself the whole time that I was there! One word of advice-ask the staff to explain how the lighting system works in the rooms-it is not easy to fathom it out,believe me! We had the air-con go down one day,called the hotel services,and within 15 minutes the engineer was there fixing it-great service.We did not eat in the hotel restaurant,preferring instead to explore those nearby the hotel-none disappointed.It is so central for all of Chicago's attractions,the theatres,museums,and beaches,aswell as shopping,of course! A Hertz car-hire is also literally across the road from the entrance.I would highly recommend this hotel.We had very mildly-intrusive building work noise a couple of mornings,but nothing that one would complain about atall,and if my credit-card could stand it once again,I would definately choose this hotel for my next trip to Chicago.	
Sep 1 2008 	Absolutely Marvelous	My family and I stayed at this wonderful hotel for a sight seeing trip of Chicago and celebrate my daughters 5th birthday. Everything was perfect. They greeted us with smiles and wished my daughter Happy Birthday, they even had a special cake and card brought to our room. Service throughout our stay was exceptional. The staff catered to our every needs. It was a marvelous experience and we would highly recommend this fine establishment.	
Aug 27 2008 	Great but some problems	The Trump Hotel is a beautiful hotel. However, be forewarned that it is still under construction and not expected to be completed until March 2009. We stayed on the 17th floor and did not encounter any noise or problems with the construction. The front desk clerk advised us that the roof had been installed the week before and the balance of the work entailed finishing the interior of the top floors. The room itself is spacious and very well appointed. The linens are excellent as is the built-in television in the bathroom mirror. Some silly touches such as a water menu and grossly overpriced room service. We encounterd a number of problems which merit mentioning. One, we had massages at the hotel spa which were nice, although very expensive. My wife's massage cost $300.00 for an hour and a half. We discovered upon checking out that the hotel automatically charges a 20% gratuity for spa services. We were never told of this charge in advance. We also were charged an additional $300.00 for our room on checking out. When I enquired about the basis for the charge, as I had already prepaid the room in full, I was told it was a mistake. No explanation was offered how this mistake was made. Not very professional for a 5 star hotel. Second, on the first day of our stay we had the unpleasant experience of hotel staff walking unannounced into our room. First it was the maid then it was a porter bringing us a bottle of wine. When we returned from dinner we discovered a cake in our room. Once again, our room had been accessed by staff without our knowledge or consent. It caused us a little concern for our valuables, although they were safely stored in the room safe. Third, my wife and me went to the lobby bar and sat at a table for four beside the window overlooking the river. Bar was busy but not full. Nice but a little pretentious. The waitress first asked us if we were dining and when we indicated we only wanted drinks she stated that the table was reserved for a party of four. No reservation sign on the table. We frankly did not believe her. She offered us a lousy table at the back which we declined. We were put in the embarassing position of having to walk out of the lobby bar, although were were paying guests of the hotel. My wife heard the waitress laughing with another server as we walked out. The concierge was no help at all. Overall though a beautiful hotel and very well located. I would probably return in the future.	
Aug 21 2008	Five Star Trump!!	The Trump Tower is still under construction and will be for another year. So to get to the hotel you have to walk through scaffolding. But aside from that the hotel is just as advertised-a five star Trump hotel. The rooms are privately owned condos so they have small functional kitchens. There are no balconies but there are small venting windows that open. Everything in the hotels is a solid 5 star level. The personnel are all over you and are very professional. The hotel location is at the foot of the Magnificent Mile which is great in the day but a little quiet at night. I guess my only criticism of my stay is the view from my room was mostly of an adjacent office building-no lake views. Also at the present time there is no outdoor seating for the restaurant or any other part of the hotel. The health club and pool are indoor and both have a great views of the city. There is also complementary wifi in your hotel room. One of the highlights of my stay is the complementary Nespresso Machine that was in my room with refills supplied daily. If you are not familiar with this machine, it makes coffee a cup at the time by putting in a small capsule containing different types of real, not instant, coffee. So when you get up in the morning, turn on the machine, plug in a coffee capsule, and in about 30 seconds you have a cup of freshly brewed coffee or espresso. I loved it so much I ordered the machine while I was there. So my summary is that the hotel is a true 5 star hotel with a Trump touch of class and I would highly recommend it to anyone staying in downtown Chicago.	
Aug 17 2008 	Trump Hotel an Experience in Itself	My first time to Chicago and we stayed at the Trump Hotel. The hotel was the best part of the trip. The staff was so attentive and made us feel so extraordinary. In a day when customer service is at a low, Trump Hotel excels. Every time we walked in the door it was held open and we were greeted by all of the staff. The room was always so clean and our turndown service made us feel special. Every little detail from the T.V. in the mirror to the espresso maker was above and beyond. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. Especially people like myself who would not think that they could afford a hotel like this. Trump hotel made paupers like ourselves feel like royalty in a lavish palace. Thanks Donald. Job well done :)	
Aug 15 2008	Donald - You can't be Trumped!	We checked in after a 23hr haul from South Africa and immediately we felt like we &quot;had arrived&quot;!I cannot agree with the other reviews here as we found the Receptionists and the Concierge people especially, very efficient &amp; friendly.Our room had a city view but we were on the 24th floor which was great. The room was decorated in a truly modern style with large 42&quot; HD flatscreen TV + Bose audio on the bedside. Trump goes out of its way to provide all the essentials and a huge array of hotel creature comforts. The piece-de-resistance must surely be the beautiful huge bed/mattress and the most lavish pillows. Our first night's sleep was so good we only woke up after midday.They must have taken heed of previous comments concerning the late housekeeping, but during our entire 5-day stay they were most attentive and punctual.The Spa + Pool are a delight as well as the well-equipped gym - we could have stayed on for another week!We have to congratulate Donald Trump &amp; Bill Rancic on a 7-Star experience. We doubt we could afford the normal rack rates, but because of the building works we got a summer discount which made it possible for us to experience this lifestyle as well as the most beautiful city in USA! WE LUV U CHICAGO!Saukat &amp; Shirine Dudhia	
Aug 12 2008 	Not Yet Ready for Prime Time But Almost!	We enjoyed a lovely anniversary weekend in Chicago. God I love that city! We stayed at the new Trump International Towers perfectly located at the south end of N Michigan Avenue at the river. The hotel has only been open for a few months and it has a few minor wrinkles to iron out, but all in all it was a lovely experience. Our hotel of choice is usually The Peninsula, and while The Trump is not equal to our venerable favorite, it did come close in many ways. We had a very large room with a large sitting area and a kitchenette with a fabulous view of the river and Lake Michigan from the 23rd floor. The suite was decorated in muted shades of grey with dark furniture and mohair upholstered pieces. The bathroom was very big with a lovely deep porcelain soaker tub and a separate glassed shower. Despite the generous size of the bathroom, it was curious that the vanity only had one sink, rather than two. Also of note was that in a hotel of this caliber, the kleenex and toilet paper were cheap, one ply products. Also, surprisingly, there wasn't a full length mirror in the suite! Amenities were excellent and top quality, as were the linens, furnishings and electronics. High speed wireless Internet access was fast and free. They had serious elevator problems which they were trying to deal with throughout our visit. Service was ahem, uneven. On Saturday at 3:00 p.m. housekeeping had not visited our room, despite our early 8:30 a.m. departure. The service in Rebar (great name for a bar and a bar with a great river view) was horrible and required frequent gesticulations to enquire about our appetizers (they'd been forgotten), or a second drink, or the requested glass of ice. The service at breakfast was equally abysmal. We were only one of three occupied tables but the blase waitress made mistakes on all of our orders, forgetting items, or getting details incorrect. No coffee or water refills were offered either. The concierges also varied in skill. One woman didn't have a clue about anything we asked her (and she even gave us incorrect directions - turn left which should have been right), but thankfully a young man came to her rescue and saved the day with a fantastic lunch recommendation. The door and front desk staff and all the staff we encountered in the hallways as well as housekeeping, (other than on Saturday) were terrific. Would we return? Yes, we would. We have faith they'll get the kinks out.	
Aug 7 2008 	Good hotel needs to sort out the service	Stayed in a suite, great room, amazing view and very well fitted out. But still seems to be full of teething problems in the service. Reception is veruy slow and always seems overwhelmed by the number of people waiting/calls. Two days running they forgot to make up the room, which is pretty unforgivable at the price. Let's hope they sort the service out, as it has the potential to be the best hotel in Chicago.	
Aug 4 2008 	Classic Trump- loved the hotel	Although Chicagoans may be hesitant about accepting the Trump Tower as part of the architectural fabric of the city, it is a terrific hotel with a great location. We frequent 4 Seasons or equivalent in most cities, and have very high expectations and taste. The Trump Hotel in Chicago exceeded our expectations, even while being constructed (which did not interfere with our visit at all). From a warm welcome by Stephanie, to very attentive staff, including terrific doormen, we were very impressed. The rooms are very comfortable and modern- check out the mirror with a tv in it- very cool. We had adjoining rooms with our twin teenagers, who gave the hotel two thumbs up! When we return to Chicago, the Trump Hotel will be in our plans.	
Aug 3 2008 	Fantastic hotel at perfect location - but reception staff not up to scratch	Stayed 2 nights at the hotel. Nice luxury but small mistakes allover. Room not cleaned until after 5pm in afternoon. Front desk staff seemed to be a little out of focus and did not pay attention to your questions or needs.	
Jul 30 2008 	Cool Hotel	We stayed in a one-bedroom suite which easily accommodated our two children as well as ourselves (about 1100 sq.ft.) and was about the same cost as two rooms in other hotels. The hotel interiors are high quality, using modern material and contemprary furniture and fittings. The colour schemes were generally in the taupe/cream/beige/brown (crisp white bed linen) neutral range with zebra wood and steel used as accents throughout. Limestone bathrooms had perfect grouting and mastic lines - this project was really well managed to get that level of detailed finish. The overall impression was high quality reserved modern rather than bling.The sound proofing between the living room and the bedroom was excellent. The suite has two bathrooms - which speeds up the morning rituals, especially when travelling with girls! Our whole experience of the hotel was excellent. Other reviews have noted the high end kitchen fitting, bathroom fittings and audio visual equipment - so no more has to be said on that front. The airconditioning was very quiet, coming from a county that does not use A/C generally - it is helpful to have a very quiet system when one is trying to sleep.Any time we went to the pool - we had it to ourselves and maybe one other person. The pool has no real deep end which would suit small children who do not like diving. The view from the pool area is down the river to the lake and also towards the Loop. I did feel that the exposed surface finish on the pool area ceiling was very like fire-safeing used on steel work, and could have been upgraded to a more decorative finish. The changing room was high quality with all the accessories one would need.Signage between the pool/exercise area and the changing rooms might need to be upgraded because when I was waiting for my small daughter to finish her shower, out came an unclad man from the sauna - who tried to convince me that we were in the mens room - luckly I noticed the womens products on the counter top previously so I knew we were in the right room! I drew his attention to that fact and he left and she was none the wiser.Check-in &amp; out were really quick. The staff were always so helpful and friendly. Housekeeping was a bit slow on a couple of occassions in that the room has not been made up by mid afternoon, even though we would have been out of the room since early in the morning.The construction work didn't really affect our stay. We did notice the noise of the lift when we went back to our room mid afternoon. There was no noise after 5pm. There is scaffolding at ground level but there still are clear walkways to the varoius streets. The windows are a bit dirty given the work proceeding at high level, but again nothing that would really affect one's stay.I would recommend this hotel to any catagory of guest - however do book in soon to avail of a five star hotel at affordable prices.	
Jul 17 2008 	best hotel in america	stay anywhere else in chicago and you'll be making a mistake. pick a category and this hotel has it knocked. there was nothing to complain about. loved every minute of it. the room was outstanding and the service was even better. they are the best and treat everyone like a celebrity. way to go donald, you rule.	
Jul 12 2008 	Extrordinary Hotel	The Trump Hotel Chicago is amazing! Our room was more like an elegant condominium rather than a hotel room. The fully equipped kitchenette was a nice touch. The health club is out of this world with high-end equipment. For some reason, cell phone service was very poor in this building...many of my collegues had the same issue.This is THE hotel to stay in when visiting Chicago.	
Jul 11 2008 	Great hotel great location	My wife, 3 month old son, and i stayed at the Trump for 3 nights. It shouldn't make any difference, but the building is still under construction. This didn't impact the hotel at all other than the scaffolding outside the building. No noise or other inconvenience. I've stayed in only a few other really high end hotels and this was definitely the best. The staff was very friendly and greeted my son by name several times. The room was huge (600sf) and had all sorts of neat &quot;extras&quot; (42&quot; LCD tv, tv build into the bathroom mirror, fully stocked kitchenette with very nice items, Bose clock-radio with iPod dock, electric curtains), very comfortable bed. Bath products are top notch. My wife said &quot;this is the first hotel I've been where I wasn't skeeved out about the sheets and never saw a single hair in the bathroom.&quot; The only complaints, and you have to take them in reference to the hotel being 5 star, are that there were some marks on the walls as if luggage had rubbed, and the turn down service never returned one day and had to be called the 2nd day. Minor issues for sure, but if you're talking about a 5 star hotel, that's a high standard. I'd definitely recommend it, but I also have to say we got a very good price of about $300 per night. I don't think I'd pay the usual rate of $450 or more per night for ANY hotel.	
Jul 10 2008 	Loved the hotel HATED THE RACIST DOORMAN.	We recently stayed at the Trump hotel in June. I am originally from Chicago, and we wanted to visit our family who live further north, on Lake Shore Drive. We got a river view suite, and I think it was about $500.00 a night.I have to say the hotel is STUNNING!!!!!! Our initial room was great, but noisy (there is still ongoing construction). The front desk at the Trump obliged in giving us a new room, and it was breathtaking. Everything is very modern and new (and in keeping with the sleek modernity that you would see at hotels like the Mercer in NYC--sleek, but not overwhelming or intimidating). The room had the BEST Chicago view--Navy Pier and the Chicago River and it was mostly unobstructed and endless. And a real bonus was that the windows open just a bit--we are sticklers for fresh air. That allowed just enough air in without there being a hazard for those of you with small children.The room (one bedroom apartment?) was clean, and roomy and had everything you could want (we had a suite that had two full baths with absolute top of the line fixtures--amenities like a television in the mirror (I want that for home!), marble showers AND separate baths. There was a full kitchen with top of the line appliances (Miele dishwasher, for example, and also free Nespresso), which would be a real bonus for families for children.Speaking of children, when we notified the hotel that we would have a baby visiting us for the day, they immediately put not only a great crib in our room, but a high chair, a diaper genie and soap and lotion, etc. for the baby. We really appreciated that gesture.The swimming pool is also great for kids, and they are very friendly there and will provide swimming noodles and amenities for those with small children. Adjacent to the swimming pool (btw with a breathtaking view), the Spa/Fitness room is absolutely top of the line--brand new and plentiful equipment, Pilates classes, and fresh water (fruit infused and bottled. The last day we were there they replaced the bottled water with Trump Ice water, which had a picture of Donald Trump on it. We thought it very funny!). It is so neat to exercise in a great location (high up overlooking all of Chicago).The restaurant, however, is a work in progress. The staff was not yet fully trained, the water tasted like chlorine (and they kept trying to fill my glass with it, even though we had bottled water), and the menu was HORRIBLY expensive ($50.00 for an entree), but not inspired. We actually had a hard time trying to figure out what to order, because nothing sounded interesting enough to pay for. Before we were finished, it was clear they wanted us to leave, and started to fold linens in our vicinity, which seems strange when you are paying $400.00 for dinner. But the view is great.However, the fact that I liked the hotel as much as I did makes me sad to continue this review and end up only giving this hotel 3 stars. The first incident that blew our minds was what will be known in our family as the &quot;racist doorman incident&quot;. On the early afternoon of Friday, June 20th, it began to rain, just as my family stopped by to pick us up for lunch. Earlier in the day, I had gone out and it had rained, and I asked for an umbrella at the first counter where the doorpersons are stationed. They happily obliged (one person was a nice older African American woman with braids). I returned the umbrella as we came in, and thought nothing of it.At about 1p.m., however, when I asked for two umbrellas (we were now a motley group of 4 toddlers, and 6 adults without an umbrella amongst us), the same woman manning the door attempted to go behind the desk and retrieve them, but the man behind the counter, looked at us, stopped her, and said, “We are all out of umbrellas. If you need an umbrella, you will have to go up to your room to get one.” Fair enough. We understood that if it was raining, umbrellas may be in limited supply. My husband went upstairs to get an umbrella. But in the meantime, the same man behind the counter took out all these new umbrellas and started unwrapping them! They were there all along!What was more HUMILIATING was that he came from behind the counter, and gave an umbrella each to two white women who hadn’t even left the lobby, and HADN'T EVEN ASKED FOR THEM YET! I was shocked, but I was actually more humiliated. Both my 4 year old daughter and my 65 year old mother asked me why the man said there were no more umbrellas, when clearly there were. How could I tell my daughter there were no more umbrellas for people like us?! Did he not like us because we were the wrong color, or because he didn't think we were worthy of the hotel? I have my suspicions, but don't you think that was awful??!? At least the African American co-worker, who was clearly embarrassed, then proceeded to go behind the counter and give us all umbrellas. But he really ruined my day and I felt really low. I thought about why he would do such a thing in front of my family all day.That same day, at 8:30 I went down to ReBar, their signature bar (that they tout as serving exotic cocktails) for a quick cocktail with my sister. I felt we were both dressed well (she was in a summer dress and I was in a pucci dress). When we sat down, a waitress came to us and said, &quot;I'm sorry, but this table is bottle service only after 9:00pm). My sister responded that it was only 8:30. The waitress served us, but you could tell she wasn't happy about it. I can tell you that we looked like everyone else in the bar (the bar, btw, skews middle-aged and distinctly suburban; I definitely was one of the younger people there). My sister, who already had the &quot;umbrella&quot; incident, started talking about how she felt uncomfortable being there, and so as soon as the drink came, we took it upstairs. But the kicker is that my husband and myself came back an hour and half later, and guess what? The couple now sitting in the same seats we had earlier occupied was just drinking simple cocktails!!!! Where was the bottle service?!?!? Beats me.Initially, I was willing to believe that these two incidents were an aberration and that there is no pattern. No one wants to accuse a hotel of something like casual racism in this day and age. But after speaking with the manager, I am not so sure. They say all behaviors emanate from the top, and if this is the case, I have to say the manager could do a better job at dispelling my suspicions.When I wrote the manager about this, both he (T. Colm O’Callaghan) and his assistant manager (Jerome) tried repeatedly to contact me. I assumed that they were contacting me to apologize, but what actually ended up happening is that Mr. O'Callaghan at first apologized, and then tried to intimate that I had misread the situation. He kept trying to tell me that what happened didn't happen!!!! He said they simply ran out of umbrellas! HELLO??!! I was there!!! They NEVER ran out of umbrellas, the guy just didn't want to give us the umbrellas he had! He kept trying to spin it as a misunderstanding, but this guy just didn't want to waste his dwindling resources (umbrellas) on the likes of us.As for the bar incident, he said that certain areas have bottle service after a certain hour. But when I told him that hour hadn't been reached (she didn't want to serve us at 8:30pm because she said bottle service starts at 9), and when I came back an hour and half later, the people now sitting at the same seats were just having cocktails, he didn't want to talk about it. Weird. Instead of diffusing the situation, he made me feel as if he didn't want to hear what really happened, and that he thought I was a silly deluded person.So in the end, this hotel gets 3 stars: 5 stars for the hotel, amenities (spa/swimming pool/fitness center), view and most of the staff, and one or none for the racist doorman, waitress (?), and pretty insensitive manager. The restaurant was also not so great.	
Jul 10 2008 	Good new hotel on Gold Coast	Great new hotel. Service is first class. Room was very large with a full kitchen. We loved the espresso coffee machine. Enjoyed beverages at Rebar. Bathroom amenities were great and loved the in mirror HD TV. I do prefer totally separate shower and tub but this was a nice design. Comparing to Park Hyatt, we do prefer the Hyatt instead although not taking anything against Trump. It is a great new addition to the luxury hotels in Downtown Chicago.	
Jul 8 2008 	Warning - theft from room - protect your property	Our stay at Trump Chicago started off as one of our favourite Chicago experiences. The room was fantastic and the front line staff exceptional. We were so pleased with the hotel and its facilities that after our second day, we decided we would like to make this our &quot;go to&quot; hotel in Chicago. This all changed on our third day. While getting ready for dinner, my wife realized that she could not find her new designer shoes that she brought along. She knew exactly where she had left them the night before, however, after a very thorough search, they failed to turn up. We contacted the front desk, and while at dinner, the room was checked again by hotel staff and security without success, and it was determined that her shoes were &quot;removed&quot; from the room while we were out earlier that day.Although you might think that this in itself was enough to turn us off the hotel, it was how the managment handled (or lack of) the situation. We were told that we would be contacted by the &quot;Director of Front Office&quot; the following morning and he was in a postion to resolve this matter. We waited most of the next morning to be contacted by Paul &quot;S&quot;, and after leaving 3 messages for him we were informed by security that he was &quot;too busy to deal with this situation&quot;. OK...lets get this straight - the Manager of a five star hotel is too busy to deal with the theft of a guests personal belongings from the room? Are you serious? Motel 6 offers better trained managers (I've never really stayed at Motel 6), and we have yet to hear from anyone regarding this matter.The Trump Hotel offers guests a fantastic experience and its design and dedication of the front line staff need to be noted. The management however is an embarrasment to the Trump name and should get the &quot;YOUR FIRED!&quot;	
Jul 7 2008 	Excellent splurge weekend	After a two-night stay at the Trump to celebrate a special occasion, my wife and I now have a new favorite hotel for our getaways from the suburbs to downtown Chicago. Over the years we've tried a lot of the major hotels...the Four Seasons, Peninsula, Park Hyatt, Ritz, Sofitel, Drake, and others...and while they're all nice, we think the Trump has the most going for it. First of all, the location is perfect: just a block off of the Magnificent Mile, an easy few blocks to the center of the Loop or to River North galleries and nightlife, and a very nice stroll to Millennium Park or the lakefront. It's in the middle of everything but still above most of the city noise (two sides of the building are more or less bordered by water). The views of the lake, river, and/or city are unbeatable.Everyone we encountered on the staff was friendly, hospitable, and surprisingly unpretentious...including at the top-notch restaurant Sixteen. For such a classy property, the snoot factor was really low which made it all the more relaxing.And our room was extremely comfortable. Lots of elbow room, high ceilings, huge windows, a great bed, and unbelievably, every room has at least a small kitchen; ours had a fridge/freezer/ice maker, sink, dishwasher, microwave, and cooktop. Our bellman said that some guests actually do bring in food and cook in, a touch of home that we did not take advantage of but if we had kids with us that kitchen could have come in very handy.Although the building construction is continuing way above the hotel space, you really couldn't tell; the only things that gave it away were the scaffolding over the front entrance and the occasional lifting or lowering of building materials way up on the ~90th floor. (At one point we saw a construction Porta Potty being hoisted past our 20th floor window which was a little disconcerting, but that's it.)We had a perfect getaway and will definitely look forward to returning to the Trump. But for now it's back to real life...	
Jul 6 2008 	Best location in Chicago	I wanted to try this new luxury property in Chicago. I've stayed at the Peninsula, the Four Seasons, and the Park Hyatt (and other lesser rated properties) and I was looking forward to comparing the Trump to these fine accommodations.First, the good. Location, location, location! By far the best feature of the hotel is its scenic perch on the river, close to the Michigan Avenue scene AND the loop stuff like Millenium Park and the Art Institute. Right now it is a bit tough to find and walk around because of ongoing construction, but this should be no problem when it is finished.Second, even the standard rooms are huge. I was on the 24th floor in a 'city view' deluxe room. The view was forgettable, but the quality of the interior was impressive. I especially liked the high end ktichenette with a microwave, SubZero fridge, Meile stove, etc. There are even cooking utensils, pans, and dishes!Now, the not so good. Even though the room is large and luxurious, I found it a bit sterile. The slate color scheme should be brightened up a bit with a dash of red roses or something else to break up the slate monotony. The duvet on the bed was very thick and the a/c didn't seem to work so well so it was a bit stuffy. I took a tour of the spa and fitness center, but didn't partake of any service or activity. I had no meals at the hotel either.The one downside of my stay was the construction noise that started early in the morning. I know that I paid a soft opening rate of $347 because of the construction, but I had hoped that there would be a minimal amount of noise. Not so -- they were pumping concrete up to the 90th floor and there was a 5 second interval pounding in the core of the hotel that did not stop. When I checked out, I told the front desk person about this, and she apologized. I actually checked out early because the pounding was so annoying.All in all, the Trump is a fine choice for Chicago, but if you are looking for lavish, extensive public areas and a bit of warmth in the guest rooms, I'd suggest the Four Seasons or Peninsula.	
Jun 23 2008	Wonderful Hotel!	My husband and I just stayed 3 nights at the Trump International and as many have said, it did NOT disappoint. Although the first room we were in had quite a bit of construction noise, I asked if there were anything else, and they immediately moved us to the opposite side of the hotel where we had a wonderful river view. We had a Deluxe river room which was lovely. My husband said that he was &quot;in trouble&quot; because I was so spoiled by the ammenities and service, that I will never be satisfied with a &quot;regular&quot; hotel again. The staff were wonderful. Unobtrusive but able to quickly answer any question we had. They ALWAYS had doors open for us when we were coming and going. One thing that set this hotel apart was that we always felt that we were given individual service as opposed to &quot;what's best for the masses&quot;.Can't wait to return! I hope we can afford it after it is completed!	
Jun 15 2008 	Trump Tower - Chicago's best hotel ?	We have just completed our third stay Trump and felt compelled to pass along our highest praises for this exciting addition to Chicago's hotel scene - The staff at Trump are very professional and friendly you would think the hotel had been open for years then you look up and see the cranes still working on the upper floors - The construction is not an issue but it will be great when they are able to open the outdoor areas of the restaurant and river walk - Anyway for us who have stayed numerous times at the Penninsula and the 4 Seasons we now have a new favorite hotel in Chicago , it.s just more fun @ Trump . Great job to the management and all employees that make this such an exciting new hotel - I can't wait for all the finishing touches to be completed at which time I think universal praise will place Trump at the top of the list for luxury hotels in Chicago !!!	
Jun 14 2008 	Weekend without children	We stayed at the hotel for a weekend - leaving the kids behind at home so we were just looking for a nice relaxing weekend.The hotel was great. I was expecting over the top luxury but instead found it very understated and modern.Besides the scaffolding at the entrance there is no other evidence of construction.Contrary to some of the other reviewers opinion I found the staff very attentive and courteous. They're not in your face, but they're there if you need something.I am about 6 months pregnant and I was asked if there was anything they could do to help me with any cravings to just give them a call.The rooms are huge and very convenient. Wonderful shower, wonderful bed, the kitchenette is helpful.The concierge was helpful and was even able to get us last minute tickets to shows (albeit at a very inflated price)Room service however was very disappointing. I didn't order the 1000$ Trump dinner menu (yes, 1000$!) but the food I ordered twice was well below average.Location of the hotel was great. It's walking distance to almost everything and the building is so tall that even with my bad sense of direction I could always find my way back.There's also a wonderful restaurant called Vermilion just a 1 minute walk from the hotel.	
Jun 13 2008 	The Trump didn't disappoint	When you're paying the kind of rates that are charged at a hotel of this caliber you expect a certain level of quality and service. The Trump didn't disappoint in either area. We stayed here to celebrate my husband's birthday for 2 fabulous days in what is literally an apartment that is arguably located in one of the best areas of the city. We walked to Navy Pier, the Lake, and Michigan Ave. shopping to name a few city hot spots. Because the Trump sits on a bend in the Chicago River it has a fantastic vantage point. We had a suite with floor to ceiling windows that showcased a view of the river and Lake Michigan. Unfortunately, the building's upper floors were still under construction during our stay and the windows were in need of a wash. However, other than the dirty windows and a little water dripping off the overhead construction scaffolding set up at the hotel's entrance, we were never disturbed by the construction. The accomodations are top of the line everything. Good linens, very comfortable bed and robes and slippers are provided. I like this touch. The suites have a full kitchen that comes complete with espresso maker, hot water kettle (I drink tea and really appreciated this extra), dishes, glassware, silverware, pots and pans, a full refrigerator, dishwasher etc. The suite we reserved had a dining table that seated 8 and a large, comfortable living room with flat panel TV, Bose Ipod docking station and a desk/work area with unlimited free internet. We felt like we were staying at a friend's very luxurious apartment. The bedroom was separate from the living area with its own bath complete with waterfall tub, separate rain shower and two sinks. There was also a powder room located off the living area. This was great for our needs because we had guests come up to our suite after we hosted a small party in the Grand Salon, one of the Trump's banquet rooms. Our private party experience also went beyond my expectations. The Grand Salon has a modern zen elegance, the food was simply gourmet all the way, the service was impeccable and there was that amazing view again. The event planner was professional and handled the smallest details efficiently. The only small disappointment was the bartender. He didn't seem to know how to mix certain drinks, but this could have been a result of the bar only being stocked with certain liquors. We didn't take advantage of the spa, but did use the fitness center which was also top of the line. The treadmills actually had aromatherapy fans! Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel, especially for a special occasion. It certainly made our celebration more memorable.	
Jun 11 2008 	Loved the Trump	I brought my daughter to the Trump to celebrate her 19th birthday. She was in for a surprise because she thought we were staying at the Hyatt. I let the hotel know it was her birthday and upon check in, they wished her a Happy Birthday. We had a standard room but it was beautiful and modern. We had a nice city view and loved the mini kitchen. We also loved the espresso machine! After getting settled into our room, as we were putting things away, room service showed up with a small birthday cake that was a raspberry mouse-very nice touch! We did a lot of sightseeing for three days and although the weather was not that great, we loved being able to just walk around on Michigan Avenue, take the free trolley over to Navy Pier and catching cabs here and there. We went to Cafe Babareba the first night and loved it (great flavored sangria), saw Blue Man Group (for the 3rd time but still loved it), shopped on Michigan Avenue (very convenient to the hotel), had lunch at Giordanos and one day on the 95th floor of the John Hancock building, had dinner at N9ne (maybe a little overrated but ok), and went to the Field Museum. After shopping on Saturday, we did go to the pool area and loved it! Aside from a beautiful view and lovely, serene setting, they have the Kohler shower you see on TV with all of the body sprays that even has different colored settings. We also enjoyed the steam and dry saunas, and they even have a small bathing suit water extractor - very cool! We went to Rebar one evening and I enjoyed a raspberry champagne while she enjoyed being in a trendy setting for a bit.All in all we loved our stay there. We saw a family pull up in a rolls royce, and tourists in jeans and t-shirts and I think everyone was treated the same which was refreshing considering some high end places have employees that act as if they're better than some of the guests! Everyone was super friendly from the front desk staff to the doormen.We'll look forward to staying here again!	
Jun 9 2008 	The hotel is amazing even the least expensive room is spectacular	Even though the hotel is still under construction, besides some work to the hotel drive in area, I did not notice any noise or construction traffic. The reception area is modern and very Trump, and as soon as I stepped out of our sedan we were immediately treated &quot;as royalty.&quot; Our bags were swooped up and our room keys quickly distributed.We had a Deluxe King City View room on the 23rd floor. I believe that this is the smallest and cheapest of the rooms. But as soon as we opened the room to the door, we were blown away. The view to the city is unprecedented, and every detail of the room is upgraded even compared to a luxury hotel. The bathrooms are huge, deep soaking tubs lay adjacent to a rain showerhead and shower area all enclosed in semi-frameless glass doors. THERE IS EVEN A FLAT SCREEN TV IN THE BATHROOM MIRROR!The room was amazing! Simply Spectacular!My wife and I also tried out the Trump Spa, we both booked 90 minute Trump Massages. They were the best massages that we both have ever received. I highly recommend the Trump Massage. And arrive a little early so you can enjoy the other Spa amenities and the relaxing lounge area.The location is also perfect, right in downtown just a few blocks from the best shopping in Chicago.I highly recommend this hotel and I hope that the rates do not go up too much once construction finishes so that I can come back for my next trip to Chicago.	
Jun 9 2008 	Awesome	From when you check in to when you check out you will be treated like Donald himself.Visited Chicago for a weekend in April. Weather was perfect and the hotel could not have been any better. We got upgraded to a suite over looking the river and the lake. They are still building the upper floors but you would not have known unless you looked up. The spa is a great experience. Just the pool and shower alone is worth the short elevator ride.Sixteen is the best meal I have had in a long time. I highly suggest the tasting menu. Worth every penny.	
Jun 2 2008 	Crisp and Modern Reasuringly Nonpretentious HUGE ROOMS!	Booked a room at the Chicago Trump on Valentine's Day. The hotel hadn't officially opened yet, and so scored a great rate on the grand deluxe 1-bedroom suite. To be honest I really wanted to hate this hotel, but upon my night's stay I have to admit that it is instantly competitive with Chicago’s finest five-star properties. The lobby is small and, check-in was quite pleasant. Readily available employees everywhere you look, but nonintrusive at the same time. Decor is very pleasant- very minimalist and modern, and everywhere you look there are panoramic views of the Chicago skyline, river and lake Michigan. Suite was HUGE. 1,000+ SQ feet, could have entertained 60-70 easily. Floor to ceiling windows with fabulous views (see pix) and great full kitchen with everything you’d need to make five-star meal (they actually offer in-room chef service). Recommend both Sixteen and ReBar for views and food that compete with other fine dining establishments as well as hotel bars. Can’t wait for Sixteen’s patio to open summer of 2009.	
May 27 2008 	Hoped for more at this high end Trump Hotel	My husband and I stayed at Trump for our 5th wedding anniversary this past weekend. I had high expectations, however many of them were not met based on the ratings of the hotel. We live in the suburbs of Chicago and are well traveled. The Pro's:Location is fabulous; especially if you are not from Chicago you can walk to just about everything and the cab rides are short if you prefer to take one.The room is gorgeous! The bed is one of the best we've ever stayed in and the mini-full kitchen was great for heating up our left overs the next day. We found the amenities to be well thought out and well appointed. Plus the touches like framed photos in the room were very chic and homey at the same time.You will never find a better bathrobe in your life. They accommodated our bikes which we drove in with to do a biking event and kept safely down near the security office. No problems.The Con's:We booked an elaborate VIP spa package; the massages were about a 6/10 in quality (but that is subjective, I'm sure) and the fancy baths that were drawn for us could have cooked a lobster they were so hot. I had to run ice cold water in it for 5 minutes straight to make it manageable - and for $550 for this treatment, I didn't expect to have to draw my own bath. Very disappointing.The service was...cool. No one was rude or impolite, but as I mentioned before we stayed for 2 nights in a deluxe room for our 5 year anniversary and despite wanting to know the special reason for our stay when we booked the room, they did nothing with this information. For touting this level of service, we were both disappointed that no effort was made to go above and beyond. Faulty charges were on our room with little to apologize or compensate for us catching the $160 error.Overall, I won't be running back to spend this kind of cash at this facility. The restaurant at Sixteen is stunning, although we did not dine there. The excitement of being at a Trump facility left something to be desired, as we expected more from this high class hotel.	
May 27 2008 	Will definitely be back	Stayed at the Tump Tower over holiday weekend. I traveled with my husband and my 8 month old son. Absolutely loved the property - the rooms are spacious and the kitchenette is indispensable when traveling with a young child. Staff was extremely accommodating especially at the restaurant Sixteen. Whether in town for business or pleasure, I will stay here again given the property's perfect location, spacious rooms and excellent service.	
May 27 2008 	Perfect for children!	We just returned from a weekend stay with our 2 year old for our 10th wedding anniversary. The hotel was the perfect luxury accomodations that you would expect. Complimentary champagne and chocolate strawberries were waiting for us in our room. The hotel staff was completely attentive and every little detail was covered when it came to our child. The room was equipped with a real crib, diaper genie, high chair, baby bath products ( including rubber duckies) and a stuffed animal for him to keep. For us adults, the extra large suite allowed us to have our own space while traveling with a toddler. The pool was great also with swim diapers and baby toys. The restaurant was gorgeous and completely accomodating. There is a little cosmetic disadvantage with the construction still going on above and the street noise was not completely filtered but it was worth it. Perfect stay with no complaints.	
May 20 2008 	Great Hotel but Weak Service	Great new hotel in Chicago, my first time there. I have to say that the rooms are big and nice interior but the hotel service really lacks. Not what you expect from a five star hotel, most staff not very friendly and for some reason alot of staff dont know basic information about anything. The best part of the stay was though when the concierge booked us a restaurant which has been closed for 4 months, really funny to get to the place and there is nothing there. Otherwise a really good stay, hope the service improves.	
May 20 2008 	The best hotel in Chicago?	After having stayed in this great hotel I am not surpised that all the reviews for it are so good. Our room was huge with great views. The service was excellent. To summarise, a really wonderfull hotel which is of an equal standard of the 4 Seasons.	
May 19 2008 	Pretty Great	Had an incredible stay this week.The hotel is almost complete with construction and Is absolutely beautiful.Upon check in we had requested and booked adjoining rooms.We were shown to the room and It wasnt adjoining.We had even asked them at the desk to confirm this and It still wasnt correct.However the bellman was so professional and offered us to sit in the room and offered to make us coffee while we waited for the desk to find our correct rooms.The rooms were located and simply perfect.The rooms are very modern and HUGE.They each have mini sub zero and miele dishwasher(not sure why anyone needs this,but Its great)The room also had a super easy espresso machines for a quick cup in the mornings.The bathrooms are awesome and my favorite part.The typical TV in mirror that you see at most upscale hotels these days(finally put one in at home)The shower and bathtub is side by side behind a glass wall.The lighting and drapes are all controlled electonically and easy to operate.The flat screen TV didnt work and the maintenence dept. came directly up with a new TV and were efficient and and quick with the installation.The staff is well trained and always greet you with a &quot;Welcome back&quot;each time you return.I booked a massage a was a bit disappointed.A female should always have another female show her around the spa.With that in mind,I checked in for the massage and had a very nice man show me to the door of the ladies locker room and went away.I was alone in the locker and didnt have a robe in my locker and had to get completely dressed to go back to the desk to ask where to get the robe.It was a little eerie in the locker because I was completely alone with NOBODY around. Ater a mediocre massage I was shown back to the door of the locker room.When walking back to the showers I had to weave around a group of people being given a tour of the spa,with the group of business people in suits.Those of you people who get massages understand how you look after the treatment.I felt very uncomfortable. I dont know maybe thats just me.The hotel is amazing and you wont be disappointed.Go soon before It stays booked year round as It surely will.	
Apr 18 2008 	This Place is Awesome!	I stayed at Chicao's newest luxury hotel in March, and was absolutely blown away. Not being a huge Donald Trump fan, I was sketical until the moment I walked in the lobby, when I knew this place was special.Although the 93 story building was not yet complete, the Hotel had just opened, as it occupies only the bottom (now completed) 30 floors.From the staff at check in, to the 600 + sqft standard rooms, everything was first class all the way...ever seen a Sub-Zero mini-fridge? All fine Italian furniture, Bose CD player on nightstand, IPOD doc, flat screen TV's, including one in the bathroom mirror!Also full kitchens with Milet stove, dishwasher, even plates, forks, and knives...and I was in a standard room! The views of the river, and lake are nothing short of spectacular, and as a frequent visitor to Chicago, I can say with some authority that there is no hotel in the Chicago with views like this, and no upscale hotel with all the modern ammentities this one has...and did I mention the rooms are huge!The rates are still low considering, until construction is complete in 2009, and I definitely felt like I was getting a great deal, even though I was still paying $300 a night...the rates supposed to go to $500 a night soon, so make sure to take advantage of Chicago's newest gem, with the best location in the city!	
Apr 15 2008 	An amazing experience!	I had the pleasure of staying here for a weekend in April - after a weeks training outside Chicago. It was a truly enjoyable experience. I stayed in a double room with a kichen (inc dishwasher, fridge freezer, coffee machine etc) on the 27th floor overlooking the river. The views were spectacular and the room very spacious. Room facilities included a large bathroom (inc TV in the mirror), luxurious bathrobes, Plasma tv, iPod docking station, comfortable bed, desk with stationery supplies, and beautiful interior design.Customer service in the hotel was excellent. Overall the staff were friendly, approachable and professional. I would recommend a visit to the spa on the 14th floor where I enjoyed the Trump Classic Massage. Also the restaurant '16' on the 16th floor served delicious food (the sampliing menu is recommended) with wonderful views.	
Mar 25 2008 	You have to do this	I had the opportunity to stay at the Trump for the evening of the 9th of Feburary. We were on the 17th floor with a standard room. The Room layout is great we had several people in the room to celebrate my Niece's birthday. We had a King Size bed with a sleeper sofa. Not everyone spent the night but at one point we had 5 grown woman and 2 toddlers in the room and never felt cramped. There was a 2 burner electric stove along with a dishwasher and sub zero mini fridge. The bathroom is the best there is a soaking tub that is out of this world. There is a television recessed into the mirror that you can view from the tub. The bathroom amenites are top notch. They offer slippers and an umbrella in your hall closet and the closet in the bedroom is huge by most hotel standards.The bed was so comfortable and even the sofa bed was not bad. The room had a flat screen tv and a huge dresser that can double as a buffet when you are serving guests. They have an awsome array of serving pieces in the kitchenette. The staff is wonderful, we laughed that we never opened a door for ourselves. The staff is well trained and show pride in their work. I think everyone we encountered really enjoyed their job. They had a sense of pride to being working at such a great hotel.The only drawbacks we found were that the walls are flat paint and when the little ones touched the walls they left some prints. Also in the kichen area there is flat paint and as people reheat food or cook this could be a future problem. The pans are truely gourmet and if you do not have oil there is a huge sticking factor.The room was not as child friendly as other places, but this is the TRUMP so move the objects of art to a higher location.We will be back....if you can splurge a little go for a one bedroom suite. You get a full HUGE bedroom, 2 bathrooms and a full kitchen with a living room.	
Mar 18 2008 	Take advantage of this amazing value while it lasts!	We live in downtown Chicago but decided to do a mini-getaway at the Trump because the prices are roughly half what they will be when construction is finished and we wanted to experience it ourselves. We had a standard room which is generously proportioned (about 650 sq. ft.). It came equipped with a large flat panel HDTV and a flat panel TV built into the bathroom mirror - very cool little feature. All rooms also have a kitchenette with Sub Zero mini fridge, a full size Miele dishwasher, 2 burner Miele cook top, a microwave, and all the cookware, utensils and service items you need. The fridge is nicely furnished, but the attentive staff will customize it with whatever food and beverages you like. The room was nicely laid out with a king size bed and a sofa sleeper. Wireless internet and local calls are included in the price. The robes are plush and the Trump slippers are a good touch. The bathroom is nicely appointed with high quality toiletries, and a unique granite shower/tub combo with rain shower head and a waterfall spout in the tub (which is big enough to lounge in and has a good view of the in-mirror TV). The furnishings and decor in the room and throughout the hotel are highest quality. Very modern with dark woods and unique fixtures. In room there's an iPod docking station, CD player/DVD player, and a good selection of TV stations (even Fox Sports which delighted my British husband). They'll even bring up an X Box if you'd like. We were on the 24th floor and never once heard any construction noise. Even though the hotel is still in soft open, the staff was superb. Friendly, gracious and went out of their way to help. The Trump obviously values service...it seems every corner we turned we encountered a training session. It's clear the staff are proud of the hotel and are quick to give a tour or point out a unique feature. We stayed with our 3 year old son. While this is not a family-oriented hotel, every single staff member went out of their way to make us feel welcome and to accommodate our needs. They loan out strollers and any other baby item you can think of. By the end of the first day every staff member we ran into seemed to greet our son by name. The concierge is a fountain of knowledge. He gave us a dining recommendation that fulfilled our very specific criteria and it was perfect. He, and the rest of the staff, enthusiastically greeted us by name after the first introduction. The restaurant (Sixteen) is now open. The adjoining nightclub Re-Bar isn't open yet, but the bar is set up and serving and there's plenty of seating. As a Chicago native I can tell you -- the view from the restaurant/bar doesn't get any better than this. A beautiful outdoor veranda with circle-around balcony. Fabulous views of the lake, river and nearby historic architecture. This was really well planned. You practically feel like you're sitting under the towers of the Wrigley building. Food and service at the restaurant live up to the expectations of a fine dining experience. The chandelier is amazing, the space is breathtaking.We were fortunate enough to be there for the opening of the fitness center (spa is not open yet). The fitness center is terrific with plenty of equipment including treadmills, ellipticals, spinning room, studios for classes, yoga mats, etc. And all with floor to ceiling views of the skyline, river and lake. The locker rooms are an experience in and of themselves. Again, the staff went out of their way to accommodate and highlight all the features. The pool is a real treat. It just opened -- we have the unique privilege of being able to say we were the FIRST people to swim at the Trump Tower in Chicago. Very serene setting, nicely appointed and, again, with floor-to-ceiling views. There are sure to be a few glitches as they roll out, but they try hard to compensate. We had a strange situation where 3 wine openers in a row broke when we used them (the door man immediately came upstairs with his own personal wine opener that he had with him because a few other guests have had the same problem). Another downfall is the outrageous room service pricing. It's beyond Chicago luxury standards -- even beyond New York standards. We felt compelled to order the $26 cheeseburger, just to see what could possibly justify that price. Alas, it was just a plain, ordinary burger...not even on the big side. And the quality of room service dining was just acceptable, not great. Prices in the restaurant are typical for a 5 star hotel, but much more reasonable than room service.Overall, a great place. I hope they can maintain the standard of attention and service as more guests arrive. But this is a no-brainer -- go while the price is low, it's a truly first rate experience. Compared to other 5 stars we've stayed at like the Palace in NY, the Phoenician and the Four Seasons (all places we love), this actually seems to take luxury a step further.	
Jan 26 2008	Treated like Trump himself	I loved the large sized rooms! I'll be coming back for more!	
Nov 24 2009 	splendido		
Aug 15 2008 	Ottimo hotel in ottima posizione		
