Nov 15 2009 	Terrific Stay	From start to finish the staff was very friendly and willing to offer assistance. Rooms very clean. It was just my husband and I so the suite was perfect. It may be small for a larger family. Did not use the pull out couch/bed so not sure how comfortable this would be. The bed and furnishings were very nice. Bar and restaurant was expensive, other good values in the area. Walking distance to all the fine shopping and located right next to the John Hancock Building and a couple of blocks to the Towers Shopping and American Girl Store. Located just 1 block off of Michigan Ave which was perfect and only a few blocks from the Lake. Great to walk either direction from the hotel.	
Nov 6 2009 	Anyone gives this place above an average rating is crazy	What a disappointment. The ONLY thing this place has going for it is location. Don't look for anything else &quot;special&quot; about this hotel. A real disappointment.Look at the negatives in the other reviews. And consider them strongly. Very strongly. The people who wrote the negatives about this place in other reviews know EXACTLY what they are talking about.We would not consider returning to this place, even if the rate was $28/night. That's how disappointing it is. There are too many other places in the neighborhood that offer the benefits of a great location, but offer accomodations and service that are just so far superior to this one.Oh, and by the way...the beds are extremely uncomfortable. The fold out couch is a definite joke, as others have said. But the beds themselves? Awful.	
Oct 30 2009 	Best Value Biggest Room Best experience	So we've been in and out of hotel rooms for the past month after being 'in between' apartments on my part and this is the best one thus far (1. hilton, 2. doubletree LAST 3. allegro). The room is absolutely huge. 2 double doors that lead to a giant bedroom with another tv, a living room with a flat panel, big bathroom, wet bar...not to mention the ridiculously cool indoor pool on the roof...Do you know how rare that is? Doubletree advertised a roof...that was closed for the winter. And the couch folds out into a bigger bed. And theres a microwave.And its right next to the Hancock building giving us a gorgeous view (the fact that they put us on the top floor didn't hurt either). We were planning on going out and enjoying the city but got such a kick out of our room that we went to Jewel like 2 teenagers and bought $30 worth of frozen buffalo wings to eat/watch tv with all night while snuggling on our folding couch.I can't believe this was the cheapest hotel we got because this was BY FAR the best I've ever stayed in. I wish I can get the same rate again but its just not showing up. :(	
Oct 9 2009 	Lovely Hotel Perfect location!	When visiting Chicago, we love to stay on or near the Magnificent Mile for shopping, restaurants etc, This hotel is lovely, newly renovated. The rooms are clean, spacious suites with internet service. We were well cared for by staff and enjoyed the little restaurant for a quick snack or drink. Walking distance to most things or a cab ride or bus ride to all else.	
Oct 8 2009 	great location nice hotel	This hotel was booked when we arrived and they told me that our room was a handicapped room. I'm not sure why they gave us that, but we went up to it and didn't like it very much, especially the shower. So, later that afternoon we asked to switch, and they did switch us but it was to a room with two queen beds instead of one king. The room was much nicer so I'm definitely glad they could switch us.The service was not so great the whole time. We tried to go to the concierge desk two separate times and both times no one was there. We waited 10 minutes one time and eventually the bellhop helped us a little bit. This was sorely disappointing.However, the hotel was in a very good location two blocks from Michigan Avenue and, overall, the hotel was nice.	
Aug 29 2009 	Good location but amenities are pretty basic	The location was very good, close to shopping, restaurants, and sight-seeing, which was convenient. We were able to walk or take short cab rides, wherever we wanted to go. The hotel was quiet, even though fully booked, and the room was clean enough, but when we arrived, it reeked of cigarette smoke, though it was supposedly a a non-smoking room. Fortunately the windows open, and we were able to air it out. Despite being a &quot;suite&quot; it was a tight fit for our family of 5. The beds in the bedroom were comfortable, though small for 2 people (full not queen), but the pull out couch was truly atrocious--broken springs and extremely thin/worn mattress. If you can make due without it you'll be much better off. The bathroom was small but updated, however, the closet was miniscule, and had only 5 hangers, so we each got to hang up just one thing. The one dresser matched the closet in size, so we each had one tiny drawer. Needless to say, storage was a big problem. Small microwave and refrigerator in the living area, both of which functioned without problems. We didn't try the restaurant, but the kids enjoyed the pool. Again, nothing fancy. The staff seemed very friendly and helpful, and the price was reasonable, but honestly I'd be willing to pay more next time for a little more space and comfort. Oh, and it seems that this hotel is where Lufthansa flight crews stay on their layovers so the lobby was constantly full of their uniformed personnel every time we passed through the lobby--no big deal but made getting elevators a problem a few times.	
Aug 22 2009 	Not Hilton level no safe in room ridiculus breakfast touristic hotel too expansive	Very very far from Hilton level, a touristic hotel with a very very poor breakfast (22$): omelettes, pastries, waffels available as extra (12$-14$).At the same price - leveled at minimum around 200$-250$ per night (in addition 50$ for parking, while others are 35-45) - you may find others much better same block. The room is very large, is a junior suite with a plasma (but the bedroom has just an old style tv), 33channels in total, internet not free, business center not free (3 computers in total, swipe your credit card also for turning on the pc !!!), no ipod console in room, minibar in room present but empty, NO SAFE IN ROOM, no fan in bathroom with 2 doors to access it (1 for bedroom 1 for living room), single sink... Much better 1 door to the bathroom and 2 silks, or not ?Good a sink in the living room and a microwave...It is understood that this hotel was a DoubleTree before and not originally a Hilton 100%...Look deeply before choosing this hotel, same block there or 1 block far you may find 10-15 superhotel (knickerbocker, marriot...). For same price you get a 500sqf suite at knickerboker with jacuzzi fully stocked minibar 2x40&quot; plasma Frette linen and bathrobe and slippers...Very very poor for a Hilton.	
Aug 17 2009 	Lovely stay. Can't wait to return.	My girlfriends and I stayed at the Hilton Suites Magnificent Mile for 3 nights in August 2009. I requested an upgrade at the front desk and was told that we had been given one, only to discover that the room was the exact one that we had paid for. Oh, well. It was worth a shot. We had an alcove room which was clean and modern. The flat screen tv that you could swivel at any angle was a very nice touch. There is a microwave, but no refrigerator (a little strange). Our room had two double beds and a small pull out sofa. The beds are double, not queen, which was a very tight fit for two friends sharing a bed. Any request that we made was immediately taken care of. The front desk staff, maintenance, and housekeeping were all very nice and helpful. Concierge never seemed to be at the desk. We tried repeatedly but never found anyone at this post. Very annoying, since all maps and brouchures were located behind the concierge's desk. Parking was very expensive ($50 per day, valet, but you can come and go as often as you like for that price). Hotel is very close to wonderful shopping and dining. Most attractions required a short cab ride (average was about $10 including tip). I would definitely recommend this hotel and can't wait to return. Very nice stay. Be sure to get Second City tickets while in Chicago. The show was a hightlight of this trip. Non-stop laughs.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great location lots of room.	We travelled to chicago with our two teenaged boys. This hotel was great because of the space. We had a suite with a bedroom and living room. The space was nice and clean. The beds were comfortable although it would have been nice if they had been queen size rather than full/double. Of course in Chicago you have to pay for everything, including parking ($50/night) and wireless internet. Free wifi was available in the lobby, but you had to pay for it if you wanted it in your room. We got a decent price for our room ($135/night on Expedia). The hotel was within walking distance of the Navy Pier, river cruise and the red line (train/El). All in all I would say this was a good place to stay, especially if you're travelling with kids.	
Aug 12 2009 	Return Family Great Location Good facilities a little tired	I stayed at this property for 5 nights in April 2007 with my 3 children and had a good experience. So, when we were coming to Chicago this year, it was my first choice. The rooms are big for a family of 5 (traveling with lots of luggage). We stayed 7 nights this year. The kids are 9, 8 and 5.We were meeting various family members at this property and even more family members from Chicago. The concierge was very helpful in recommending some brunch and dinner locations for a party 13. Our wait times were minimal - Thank you!We arrived after a 9 hr flight from London. From the time we arrived, the entire hotel staff was very friendly. Check-in was smooth. For the 1st 2nights we had 2 joining rooms (K suite to double alcove). This gave us lots of space to help adjust to jet leg. The rooms were clean and in good repair. For the 3-7 nights, I asked to be moved to a double suited room (my husband left on a business trip so we didn't need the extra space). The 2nd room could have used a bit of maintenance work - the ceiling was coming down in the corner due to upstairs water damage. Maintenance had to come in and fix the sofa sleeper. All the rooms were clean, but the hotel could use a bit of a maintenance update.The first morning we arrived the family was wide awake at 3a and at the pool by 5:30a - it was fantastic to let the kids wiggle without disturbing the other guests. (note - the pool is definitely a child/family pool and the whole pool area needs to be renovated).We are Gold Honors guests, so we were given the option of free internet, $6.26 off breakfast buffet (or free continental breakfast) or points. We chose the breakfast coupons. The hotel breakfast was typical hotel food - the hot food looked a little old, but the cold stuff was fresher. We ate out at 2 local diners for breakfast (as my brothers family were not Gold guests) There are several good breakfast options within a 6 block walk - the concierge has a list of local restaurants. We went to Tempo Diner and Orginal Pancake House.I found the hotel bar to be expensive for single glasses of wine and chose to buy a bottle across the street at the mini-market and kept it in the room fridge.The property is located close to shopping and North Street beach! The children had a fantastic time. The girls especially loved the proximity to the American Girl Store.There is a great steakhouse around the corner - Rosebuds Steakhouse. The staff was friendly and very accommodating with the 3 children. We went there the first night in town and the children all fell asleep on the booth. We returned several nights later with 5 children and had great service/food againAs a family we would return to this proprty again.	
Aug 10 2009 	great location with a pool	The hotel property was OK. The toilet ran, no bathroom fan and no clock when we first got into our room. The staff was very helpful. The location is great. Overall a good choice if you're traveling with kids who need a pool.	
Jul 30 2009 	Great family place	We visit Chicago frequently, but this was our first stay at the Hilton. The rooms were large and clean, and the location is terrific. There is a small fridge, a microwave, and coffeemaker. The beds were very comfortable, and having a separate bedroom was great. The bathroom was also large, clean and stocked with Crabtree &amp; Evelyn products. The pool was also lovely, with warm water and a great view of the lake. The restaurant was very good, but a little pricey, even for Chicago. All of the staff members were very friendly and helpful. For the $50 parking fee, you get in and out privledges, but there is a lot closeby for $35/dayand another two blocks south on Delaware for $28/day.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great Hotel and Wonderful Staff	I stayed only one night at this wonderful hotel. From the first moment of my arrival I felt welcomed by the doorman and reception desk. Room was large and immaculate loved it! The lady at the snack bar downstairs was wonderful and helpful and made me feel a stranger no more. Even my mini horse Traveller aka The Traveling Man would approve and give 4 hoofs up!	
Jul 23 2009 	Good location - horrible couch bed!!	The location of this hotel was great - one block from Water Tower Place - decent walk to Navy Pier, etc. I didn't think the front desk did a very good job - we were checking in to a room that a friend had reserved with reward points...since he wasn't getting in until later, he called ahead to clear us getting there first, and FAXed all the information they requested. We still had a problem checking in, and they never bothered to look for the FAX, The rooms are a decent size since you have a living area and a bedroom, but the sofa bed was disgusting and broken. Unfortunately, we didn't discover this until we pulled out the bed for the night and my son sat on the corner and fell right through! There were no springs on the left side, nothing was even attached to the frame. The extra blanket in the closet was also disgusting with black oil stains all over it. Never received room service the second day because they showed up at 5 PM when we were resting from a day out.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great location wonderful rooms	Had a great stay at the Hilton Suites. Wonderful large rooms. Had breakfast and dinner at the resturant which was excellent. The pool also looked nice, was filled with kids and families.	
Jul 7 2009 	A great experience!	A very pleasant stay for two nights, July 3rd and the 4th. We were able to close our bedroom door so I never heard the usual hall noise of every other hotel I have stayed at in my life. The check in person was very helpful!!! The rest of the staff were okay.	
Jul 3 2009 	There are better hotels for the same price	We drove right by it first time because they have a E. Delaware St. address, but the entrance is actually on another street around the corner. When we reserved, we were promised an early check-in, but when we arrived, we were told we'd have to wait till 3, the normal time. Front desk staff wasn't friendly at all. Suite was nice, but not exceptional. Desk chair was extremely uncomfortable and the high-speed internet (extra fee) didn't work much of the time. Room cleaning didn't arrive until late afternoon.The restaurant is probably operated independently, but dinner at Cafe Med was an ordeal requiring extreme patience. Dessert alone took over 1/2 hour because the &quot;manager&quot; who was waiting on us, spent his time talking to diners familiar to him and was offended when we requested slightly quicker service. We were ignored for long periods of time. Unless you're a regular, find another place for dinner.I would not stay here again. There are better places for the same money.	
Jun 26 2009 	Not worth it; Can find better Chicago hotels	This hotel is okay, but not worth the amount you pay (even for downtown Chicago). It appears old, run-down, and out-dated inside. The rooms also seem old and are *very* small (again, even for downtown Chicago). None of the staff are very friendly. We also listened to housekeeping staff being extremely loud, laughing and talking about personal matters every morning in our hallway. Very unprofessional. Most Chicago hotels are better than this one.	
Jun 26 2009 	Pretty Good	Nice hotel, good location, view from the 4th floor wasn't up to much but we were on a freebie so didn't complain. Room was large and clean and bed comfortable. Woman behind the desk wasn't that friendly or competent. It took a while to check in and i had to come back down as the key card didn't work first time.	
Jun 20 2009 	Awesome	I booked this hotel on priceline and paid only $88. We stayed on a Sunday night. Upon arrival you learn that there is no private parking, only valey and it is 50 dollars a night. THey were super friendly though. HOtel was gorgeous. had to wait an hour to check in, as we were there an hour early. SPent that hour at the pool which was ok, it was on the 30th floor so that was cool. there was a sauna...once we got in our rooms, my jaw dropped...so NICE! bed was super comfy! the location was great though, walked home from the bars on rush, shopping on michigan avenue i mean super great location. check out was nice and they even held our bags for us after we were checked out so we could walk around a little more to do some shopping. Overall awesome!	
Jun 18 2009 	No doutb..first choice for me	Nice, clean, spacious, luxurious. Hope to move on one day to one of this rooms.I really loved to stay here and will stay every time i have a conference here.Good location to the shopping malls and great view across. The overall service was perfect and the price was great as we booked through the net. I will recommend you every person who is coming by...RegardsPaul	
Jun 7 2009 	Would stay here again in a minute	The staff was all very friendly (even with the small kids) and knowledgable about local attractions. Rooms were nice and requests (for a high floor) were honored. Definately would recommend to others as a fine place to stay in Chicago.	
May 29 2009 	Fun Hotel in the Middle of It All	My wife and I stayed at the Hilton Suites on the latter part of our Chicago honeymoon. We checked in on a Sunday after a mile walk from our previous hotel on the river. Walking in was impressive. I did not realize when I booked on Priceline how great the location was. The block that the hotel was on is in a little quieter neighborhood, but so close to Michigan Avenue and everything else.One thing I want to emphasize is USE PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION TO GET HERE. I have heard that parking is outrageously priced, and thankfully we had a limo drive us in, and we are taking the train to our car in the suburbs--much more economical.The lobby is beautiful. We were kindly greeted by the staff, who promptly and politely gave us our room keys, and up the elevators we went. The elevators are efficient and quick, and there seems to always have been an elevator waiting in the lobby. The pool and workout room on the 30th floor are a nice side attraction, especially if a guest were to have kids.When we came to our room at first, however, we found it to still be occupied at 2:00p!!! How embarrassing! Apparently, they had not checked out when they were supposed to, but still--I think there should have been better communication between the cleaning maids and the front desk on that one. The issue was quickly resolved, and we were given a new room.It kind of stinks that you have to pay for internet (which I refused, since there was a weak network I could connect to from elsewhere). Other than that, our room was kept clean, there were always friendly greeters at the front, and we had an overall comfortable stay in a beautiful city.	
May 19 2009 	A Great Location	This all suites hotel is on East Delaware Street just across from the John Hancock tower. You are close to great shopping on the 900 block of Michigan Avenue. The cheesecake factory, the museum of contemporary art &amp; the double decker trolley route are all close by. I was able to get it for $55/night on priceline! Parking was another $50 for in/out privelages. Cheaper lots across the way at the Hancock.	
Apr 19 2009 	Great location value and rooms	I would stay here again, this hotel was great. we booked the room for $76 on Priceline (3.5 stars)...blew away our expectations	
Apr 14 2009 	Luvly Jubly!	Great stay! My wife and 2 teenage kids were heading back home from Cleveland to Milwaukee and decided to spend a couple days in Chicago for some sightseeing. This was a great location right at the North end of Michigan Ave with a great rate. All the hotels in the area have to charge alot for parking but we parked in a garage right around the corner for 35.00 for a 24 hour period - better than the 50.00 the hotel would've charged. Also be aware that many hotels with indoor pools like this one will charge for &quot;athletic club fees&quot; or something along these lines. This hotel's pool, sauna, whirlpool, and machines are included in the very affordable price. American Doll store is within 3 blocks and all the shops are right at your doorstep. Took a bus to Lincoln Park Zoo (free) and walked to the south end of michigan Ave and took a free shuttle bus to Navy Pier. In the evening, I walked 4 blocks to Rush St. for Live Jazz and drinks while the 3 girls watched a movie and went to bed. Can't beat it!	
Mar 16 2009 	Great bang for your buck right in the heart of Magnificent Mile	Stayed 2 nights for business, the location is great, its right off Michigan behind the John Hancock Tower and Water Tower Shops. Big suite, flat screen TV (that wasn't as clear as it should be), sofa/bed in living room, nice sized bathroom (drain was rather slow to clear in the shower but otherwise fine). Overall given the low rate I got it was a tremendous value. Nice rooftop indoor pool/health center too. Would suggest going around the corner to The Saloon Steakhouse for dinner, its a gem! My biggest complaint with Hilton is they charge $12.95/day for in room internet access (yet their Hampton Inn brand gives it to you free), come on Hilton at least give your HHonors members a break!	
Mar 12 2009 	$75 from Priceline but $50 for parking!!	Does this seem a little strange? Room was very nice and the $75 winning bid on Priceline was reasonable, but I have never paid $50 for parking and I stay at various hotels in downtown Chicago often.	
Feb 25 2009 	Great Rooms	the room we had was great--a separate living area and a separate bedroom. very comfortable bed. frigde and microwave included in &quot;suite&quot;. location was on the magnificant mile so close to shopping. nothing special about the attendants at the front desk--no welcomes or smiles, they just check you in quickly. internet is not free in the room but it is when you're in the lobby. the worst part about this place is the parking--it cost $50 per night to valet park, no self parking available. we did manage to park at a parking structure 5minutes away for $23 dollars (for a 12hour period, although the sign said $28 for 24hours). we got a really good deal for the hotel on priceline.com (&lt;$100 a night).	
Feb 24 2009 	Great location beautiful views - highly recommend!	We stayed here for one night at the end of a week-long business trip to Central Illinois. The room rate was cheaper than near the airport, so we thought we'd have some fun our last night. And the Hilton Suites didn't disappoint!The staff was wonderful - starting with the valet attendants. (Yes, parking is $50, but it's that much everywhere in Chicago or most major cities.) The front desk staff was most helpful and freindly. The suite was on the 26th floor and had a nice view of Lake Michigan. There was an LCD TV in the living room area and an older TV in the bedroom. The rooms have been recently updated, as everything was nice and new.The pool and exercise room are on the top floor (30th) with a gorgeous view.The restaurant was great for breakfast. The continental breakfast for Diamond members was rather sparse, but we could apply the voucher towards a full breakfast, which was delicious.The location is great. We parked the car and didn't need it again. It's a one block walk to Michigan Avenue with lots of shops and restaurants right there.This is a great place to stay in the Magnificent Mile at a reasonable price.	
Jan 23 2009 	Absolutely loved it	First time staying at the Hilton - have stayed at several others in Chicago.From the moment we arrived and were met by a smile and welcome from the desk. The suites are more than adequate with microwave and fridge and coffee machine. The beds are really comfortable, and there is a normal TV in the bedroom with a large flat screen in the living area. Bathroom was larger than average with very hot water at any time of day and excellent pressure to the shower. An abundance of towels is always available.The swimming pool / hot tub and sauna are located on the 30th floor together with the fitness room with amazing views over the lake. There are always cabs outside waiting to take you wherever but the hotel is only one block from the shops and Michigan Avenue so ideally located for shopping etc and right behind the Hancock.	
Jan 19 2009 	Great surprise	Haven't stayed here since it was the Doubletree a couple years ago. It was a little shabby then, but I was very pleased with the room. Totally redone 2 room suite. Two plasma TV's microwave, small fridge. (Although I don't know why they put the microwave under the cabinet and way down low). Coffee maker with Lavazza coffee. Great workout room on the top floor with indoor pool, spa and great views. Very close to water Tower and Mag Mile.	
Nov 6 2008 	Good location and service	Stayed for 5 nights while attending a conference. The hotel is well located for the Magnificent Mile, just around the corner from the Millenium Knickerbocker, Westin and Drake hotels.The hotel is clean, the lobby is spacious with free WiFi. The pool is up on the higher floors with a view of the Lake.The room was good, though not amazing. The bedding and linen, though, was fantastic. The suites are spacious, and you can split the room into two, and use the sofa bed as an alternative bed i sharing with non-spouse (we were in a two doubles room). The bathroom is reasonable, with a good amount of towels. There is a small sink and coffee machine in the lounge area, which is helpful. WiFi and wired internet in the rooms costs money.Staff were excellent, and very helpful.Note that the Magnificent Mile is good for some things, but it's not quite the busy night bustle of downtown, so you might find that you trek down there every day. Food specifically was a concern, with mainly high-end restaurants near the hotel. It was a good walk to the nearest cheap food joint.Overall, happy with the stay.	
Sep 18 2008 	Fantastic Hotel! Amazing Experience!	I had a terrible flight before I got to the property so I was very grouchy! When I arrived there was a very nice gentleman there to open the door for me with a big smile. I feel smile's change everything. When I got to the front desk there was a bit of a line and I was already tired so it made me a little grumpy but that is just how it goes. When I got to the desk, the young lady was very very nice she welcomed me to the property with another smile. The suite was very nice for the price. It has a flat screen tv in the living room and and a regular television in the bedroom. The beds are very comfortable. So my day was going a little better, I have had some very bad hotel stay's so I was happy so far. When I opened my suitcase I realised I had forgotten my toiletries. I called down to the front desk and they had replacements sent up with in 10 minutes. During my stay everyone was very helpful and cheerful, really living up to the hilton standard. When checking out there where a few things on my bill that where incorrect but the gentleman at the desk had no problem taking care of them for me. He asked me how my stay was and was sure to welcome me back. I am going to recommend this hotel to all of my friends visiting Chicago.	
Aug 30 2008 	Great place to stay	Stayed here for 2 weeks and had a great time. Rooms are spacious, air-con kept rooms nice n'cool and beds were excellent. Great location and we found all the staff very helpful. Only minor gripe was housekeeping waking us up for something we didn't request. Note only rooms with single king are on lake side, we have 2 doubles which meant city side. We didn't have breakfast there and instead went to Tempo (UK tourist note food good but doesn't take cards so dollars go quickly), Corner bakery (Cedar and State) excellent food/value or LAppetitto (Hancock building). Given length of stay we found hotel to be excellent and would definitely stay again.	
Aug 27 2008 	Not The Best If You Expect Service	This hotel has nicely renovated suites but that's where the good news ends. We are Hilton Honor members but that means nothing to the management here. If you think you can check in at the stated check-in time at 3:00, don't get your hopes up. We couldn't check in until 4:30, but had to check out on- time the next day. I asked if they would compensate us for that somehow (maybe a free drink or breakfast), I was answered with an indifferent &quot;No, we don't do that!&quot;I requested extra towels but never got them. There wasn't any extra toilet paper in the room. We asked the concierge where was a good place to eat and she snapped, &quot;Everything is booked until 10:00.&quot; She eventually got us a reservation but it was grudging. Odd job for someone with this temperament. We travel frequently and this is the first time I have been motivated to write this kind of review. Luckily, most of our travel experiences have been positive.	
Jul 31 2008 	All show and no substance	The room is decent and reasonably comfortable. That is about all the complementary statements I can make. Expect no service, because you will get what you expect. When they say check in is at 3 pm, don't expect it a minute early. Don't store your bags with the bellman because you never know when you will see them again.Don't ask for turn down service because that won't happen and don't ask for any special compensation because that won't happen.If you need a room and nothing else this hotel is acceptable. Otherwise stay elsewhere.	
Jul 16 2008	Great location horrible service	We booked a weekend at the Hilton Suites for a girls' weekend getaway, and had many, many issues with poor service at this location. Our rooms were given away with little explanation or apology, and we were offered sub-standard rooms only. On Saturday, we were promised a move to our originally reserved rooms by 3 p.m., which did not happen. The entire time, the front desk staff was incredibly grouchy and did not apologize or attempt to make amends. We had other issues with our bill and key cards. The hotel itself is nice, as long as you don't interact with anyone who works there! I will never stay at this hotel again, as there are a plethora of other options nearby, namely a Residence Inn across the street.	
Jul 7 2008	Beware The Alcove	In January, I booked two rooms (one for us and one for relatives with two small children) at this hotel for the long July 4th weekend. In booking, the toll free number reservation clerk asked if I wanted the alcove suite. I asked what it was. She stated that the alcove suite was in the corner, configured differently (like an “L” so the bedroom was still separate) but the price was the same as for the regular suite. I said yes and booked two alcoves on different floors (both room numbers ended in “02”). Then I arrived at one of the busiest weekends of the Chicago year where the room you booked was the room you got.Beware - contrary to the website - the “alcove” is not a suite. It does not have a separate bedroom - it is one big square room. It does not have two TVs. It does not have a mini-refrigerator for the soda, water and left-over cheesecake from the Cheesecake Factory. It does not have a microwave to heat up leftover Gino’s pizza. It has one small coffee maker and that’s it. The advertising from Hilton (on its website) on this type of room is totally misleading. I did not mind the lack of a separate bedroom as much as the fact that it didn’t have a mini-frig or microwave. The fact that it doesn’t have a separate bedroom, mini-frig, microwave, etc. should be accurately advertised by Hilton on its website because it matters to some people – especially those with children. I also don’t see how or why Hilton charges the same per night for an alcove room as it does for a “true” suite.The room itself was comfortable, I had a sideways view of the lake and the two kids absolutely loved the pool but I am surprised at, and disappointed in, the Hilton, which is a quality company, to advertise the alcove as something it was not.	
Jun 21 2008 	Simply Delightful. Enough Said.	From top to bottom, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The staff was attentive, efficient and friendly. Our room was absolutely lovely ... better than expected. We only had a short stay, and would have loved to have extended it, but unfortunately we did not pack accordingly.The room had a comfortable sitting area with a desk facing Oak Street Beach, a flat screen TV, and a convenient wet bar, microwave and mini refrigerator (all nicely concealed in beautiful cabinets.)The bathroom was quite spacious and tastefully decorated. It was accessible from both the sitting area and the master bedroom. Between the master bedroom and bathroom was a nice vanity area.The master bedroom was also tastefully decorated with a very comfortable bed and a view of the lake. The bedding was top notch and what you would expect of nicer hotels. The hotel was very quiet, so you could really get a good nights sleep.We took advantage of the complimentary breakfest and was pleasantly surprised at the wide offerings, the helpful staff, and the views of city life bustling outside the window. They also had an outdoor cafe.All in all, if you're popping into the city for a short stay or long, I think you'll enjoy the staff, accommodations and locations of this gem. A great value for the money.	
Jun 8 2008 	A New Favorite Place to Stay	Our family travels to Chicago once or twice every year and we have stayed at various properties throughout the city and suburbs. Some have been so-so while others have been great. Our most recent stay over Memorial Day weekend was at the Hilton Suites MM. Our experience here was terrific and very family friendly. This hotel had an amazing location--an easy walk or catch a short cab ride to everything (the Watertower Shopping Mall is about a block away)! The suite was generous in size--the bathroom was one of the biggest I've seen in a standard room--and it was very clean. The beds were also quite comfortable. The first morning, we went to the restaurant in the hotel, Mrs. Parks Tavern, and were pleasantly surprised how good the food was. We returned for breakfast two day later! The staff was also very friendly and helpful. It was one of our best visits to Chicago and I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
May 28 2008 	Good but...	I do agree with other reviews about the location of this hotel.. perfect for doing all the things Chicago requires. We visit Chicago often (every other month) and stay wherever the rooms are the least expensive. Needless to say, we have stay at a few! This Hilton is one that I would stay in again and again. However, all was not perfect. The hotel was hot! And I don't mean the Paris way!!! It was hot. The workout facilities were far too warm. Good equipment but hot! Even the room was hot. The HVAC is the one thing in our room that was not updated. Probably an expensive undertaking but still. This is a Hilton. I had the windows open all night to keep it cool and it did not really help. At least I had a beautiful view of the lake over the rooftops. Everything else was good. Try it. I liked it but NOT in the summer when heat is not what you want.	
Apr 4 2008 	Very nice	This hotel has a great location in Streeterville, right next to the John Hancock tower--if you want to see Chicago's main attractions without renting a car this is a good spot. We had a lake view suite and with our AAA rate it was a good buy, the suite really felt like a small apartment with a great bed, flat screen tv in the living room/den. The hotel restaurant was nice, the only complaint would be that the bar had no draft beer for the entire weekend we were there--they seemed to indicate that it would be fixed any time but it didn't seem to be much of a priority.Overall, very nice and I would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 7 2008	A Wicked time in Chicago	We had a great time at the Hilton Suites Chicago. When we arrived I was able to check in and get my room keys from the check-in machine in the lobby, which saved us a lot of time since there was a line at the Hilton Hhonors desk. We were in our room in a flash and ready to settle in.The first thing I noticed when we walked in the room was the nice living area of the suite. There was a wet bar in one corner, along with a desk, a couch and a flat screen TV. You could access the bathroom and the bedroom from the living area. There were three in our party: my sister in law, my seven year old daughter and myself. My daughter loved the flat screen TV, and it wasn't long before she found the Cartoon Network!The bedroom area of the suite was really small. There was just enough room to walk around the beds. There was also a door from the bedroom to the bathroom. Having the dual access to the bath was nice. We didn't have to plow through our mess in the bedroom to get there! There was also a TV in the bedroom.The bathroom was also tiny. With 2 1/2 women trying to get ready it got a little crowded. I ended up setting my compact mirror on the desk in the living area so my SIL could get in the bathroom to shower. A vanity separate from the bath would've been nice.Our service was, for the most part, stellar. All of the employees were friendly and cheerful. The concierge was helpful, but not exceptionally friendly, but all of the people we spoke to at the front desk were great. We didn't try the restaurant, but were able to redeem our free breakfast coupons in the little coffee shop in the hotel. You gotta love Krispy Kreme doughnuts!The only glitch we ran into was on our last night there. It was a Saturday night, and my daughter wanted to hit the pool. The pool was to close in 30 minutes, but I thought we could get in a quick dip. When we got in the elevator, it wouldn't go to the floor where the pool was. I called the front desk, and they assured me that my key card should work, and to just try again. We tried again, to no avail. I called the front desk again, only to be informed that the pool had closed for the night. I was a little peeved because it was supposed to be open another 30 minutes, but there wasn't much we could do about it.Overall we had a great stay. The bellmen were great and very helpful. The hotel was convenient to Michigan Avenue and there was a bus stop just down the street about a block. I would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 13 2008 	Great Hotel. Great Location. Great staff.	First of all, you cant beat the location. It's in the perfect spot on the Magnificent Mile and very close the lake. John Hancock tower is across the street and worth a visit. The hotel is on a quiet street away from the hustle and bustle which made it feel more like a local boutique hotel rather than a busy and noisy mega-hotel. The front desk staff was overly helpful and when I told the clerk I was craving clam chowder he proceeded to call all the local restaurants until he found one serving clam chowder! I was impressed.The rooms are top notch and super clean. Maid service was superb and the common areas were all very clean and nicely appointed. I loved the top floor pool with the breathtaking view of the lake. One person complained about the trash can being in the wrong place and said they wouldn't recommend the hotel...well I think that says it all when all you can find wrong with this hotel is a mis located trash can. It's a great place to stay....period.	
Jan 26 2008 	Good place to stay	Nice hotel. Used to be doubletree suites. Just south of Drake hotel. Remodeled property... much better place than as a doubletree.&quot;01&quot; rooms on every floor are in quiet location and have partial view of lake.great pool on top of hotel, decent fitness rooms(could use more weight equipment).Only negative(as this was January) was there is a cold draft in that hotel. air comes in the window crevices (windows are floor to ceiling). Food in restuarnt only fair. Would stay again...	
Jan 19 2008	I always love to come back!	I often stay at the Hilton suites.The only negative thing is that its Hilton suites, before the renovation it was a Doubletree hotel and now you get no more cookies!Location:Just 3 minutes away from Michigan Avenue. The Hancok Center ist just around the corner.Staff:The staff is always helpfull and friendly. Rooms:Newly renovated. The beds are very comfortable. There is a seperate Living room. There are 2 tv`s and one of them is a flat-screen. Everything is brand new. The bath is big and very nice decorated.Overall beautiful clean and comfortable rooms and what I love: The windows can be opened!There is a snack bar in the lobby where they brew Starbucks.The fitness room is small but the view from there is fantastic.Cant tell the price cause my company pays.A great place to stay for vacation or business!	
Jan 15 2008 	Was better as a Doubletree	We stayed here when it was a Doubletree in 2005 and it was so much better. This time the round table and 4 chairs were missing! However, the living/dining area is the same size, so there is a quite large area that is just empty. There is a couch to sit on, as there was when it was a Doubletree, but if more than one person wants to eat or write or just sit at a table, forget about it. There is only a desk that seats one person. The metal waste basket in the bathroom made a perfectly HUGE bang in the middle of the night when you walked into it because there is no place under the vanity for this bin made out of a ridiculous material. There is no shaving or make up mirror of any kind with decent light. Tea, coffee and a percolator are provided, but if you want to add sugar and/or milk and stir it, you'll have to use your finger or something else since no stirrers or spoons are provided. The pull-out couch has a bar that perfectly pierces your back. All in all a pretty terrible experience. Next time I will check out the Marriott across the street.	
Jan 11 2008 	Excellent Option in the Magnificent Mile area	Stayed for one night at the Hilton Suites, located adjacent to the John Hancock building and just one block off the Magnificant Mile. Perfect location for doing business or entertaining in Chicago.The lobby is not grand but has a small coffee shop and bar / restaurant out front. Did not eat at either place but they looked decent. There is also a small convenience store right across the street if you are looking for some quick snacks. The entire hotel looks brand new and is extremely clean and polished. The staff seems to work hard to keep it up.The rooms are fabulous. Two room suites with a living room &amp; bedroom and large bathroom. Again, the rooms look brand new, were perfectly clean, the bed was comfortable (typical Hilton) and all the amenties you would need. There is an HD TV in the living room area but I could not find any HD channels. Maybe that is coming.Plenty of good restaurants in the area. We ate at Mike Ditka's restaurant (and he actually came in and ate a few tables from us) and the food &amp; atmosphere was great. We had drinks on the 96th floor of the John Hancock building - which on a clear night is spectacular. Overall, this is an excellent choice for the Magnificient Mile area of Chicago.	
Jan 9 2008	great place	Location was terrific, rooms were just fine and the staff was more than accomadating (especially during the crazy New Year's Eve). Really liked the fact that across the street is a mini-mart - able to stock the fridge and grab snacks easily, as well as the coffee bar downstairs in the lobby that served up great &quot;Starbucks quality&quot; lattes. This is a perfect place to &quot;hang your hat&quot; for the day as you spend the days visiting many of Chicago's wonderful sites.	
Dec 19 2007 	Great hotel	We booked this hotel for a girl's week-end get away and wanted something close to all the shops,food,sights. We arrived earlier than check-in time and found a room was ready. The staff was very polite. Our room was perfect. Plenty of room for 5 of us to sprawl our bags and stuff. The rooms have a mini fridge and microwave and wet bar as well as 2 tv's and a decent sized bathroom. No noise on our floor (14th). Actually we never saw anyone our short stay there. Close to John Hancock and Water Tower place. Cabs are ready waiting for you if you need one. Would definitely stay again. We didn't try the restaraunt but did have Starbucks coffee from the little shop in the lobby.	
Oct 28 2007 	Measure Those Beds and Fix the Air Conditioning!	My husband and I booked a room at the Hilton Suites based on the Tripadvsior reviews. Supposedly all the rooms have a king-size bed, but when we arrived, we could see immediately that the bed in our room was NOT a king by any stretch. We called the front desk to make sure that they had indeed booked us for a king size bed, and were told that yes, that ALL of their beds were king-size. We knew that this bed was not king sized, and we were not about to stay in the tiny little bed, so we asked for the manger on duty. The manger accompanied us to see another room, and when she returned to our room, she realized that the bed in our room was indeed smaller. She did move us to the other room, but it was a pain to repack and lug our belongings to the new floor. We wondered how many other rooms were being advertised as having a king size bed that instead had one like the one in our first room. The manger did give us breakfast coupons, which was very nice of her, but it does not change the fact that if you ask for a king size bed, you might get stuck instead with one of the small ones ( looked like a double) Be sure to ask about this if you call for a reservation. And, check it out once you get into the room. There were a few other problems as well--the air conditioner did not work, and the room was as hot as hades during the night. Bathroom bulb was burned out and not replaced during our stay even though we left a note for housekeeping. The pool is very nice- although a bit small. It was warm and enjoyable for swimming. Because of its small size though, the number of children in there with their parents made it difficult to manuever and stay out of the way. All in all, we found this place just OK. We've been to Chicago many times and we were looking for a new adventure. We'll not come back here again.	
Oct 6 2007	Great place to stay in Chicago!	Stayed here for a work conference. Beautiful suite with a king bed, roomy bathroom, separate make-up area and a living area with sofa bed, micro, fridge, etc. Front desk staff were friendly and helpful as there was an error in my reservation. (Work's fault, not the hotel)Ordered room service and the cheese plate was great and the service was very friendly. Checked my bags after checkout, so I could sightsee a bit and bell staff were quick to retrieve my bag later and hail me cab. Great location next to the John Hancock building and close to Water Tower Place. (Eat at the Food Life food court there and get your nails done in the John Hancock building.)Would stay again!	
Oct 3 2007 	clean room -- great location	You will find our family of 5 usually staying here for a few days every June. It is in a convenient location for both business and leisure travel as it sits a block from the Hancock Tower with easy access via a not-yet-crowded bus to the convention center. The indoor pool (which my kids love) on the top floor seems to be some sort of secret because hardly anybody is ever there. The room is not 5-star luxury but is very clean, spacious and comfortable. One minor downside, there is no executive lounge which is common in most Hilton hotels. All in all, we enjoy our stay every time we are in chicago.	
Sep 9 2007	Comfortable convenient	I really liked this hotel. Our room was nicely sized and comfortable, which is exactly what we needed since we were traveling with a small child. Plus we had a great view! The location was quite good though in the winter, that extra block you need to walk down from the Magnificent Mile is brutal! Still, it was definitely convenient. Overall, a great room for a very reasonable price.	
Sep 5 2007 	minor problems decent deal for a discount price	The Hilton Suites is in a great location, just a block off Michigan Ave and very close to popular tourist spots like Water Tower, the Hancock building and North Beach.The hotel was extremely busy and crowded when we arrived. It was Labor Day weekend, and I believe there was also a wedding going on at the hotel, so this didn't surprise me. I think, however, they could have done a better job preparing for the crowd. We arrived in a cab with a lot of luggage and were unable to get a bellhop or any hotel employee to help us with our bags or even hold the door open for us as we carried them in. We struggled to get all our luggage past the crowd of people on the sidewalk in front of the door and in the lobby and then had to wait almost 10 minutes in line at the front desk. Some other frustrated people tried to use the automated check-in instead of waiting in line, but it wasn't working properly. Not the best first impression.We finally got to the front of the line, and the staff member who checked us in was friendly and helpful. We were initially given a smoking room (not the hotel's mistake) and were quickly moved to a non-smoking room when we asked. Unfortunately, the room they put us in had no lights in the bathroom. Both light bulbs over the sink had burned out. When I called the front desk about this, I was told that they were out of stock of those light bulbs and wouldn't get any in until the following week. I was a little upset about this, especially since it seemed that the staff member was basically telling me there was nothing they could do about it. I asked if we could be moved to another room that had lights in the bathroom, and he said he would have a manager call me back.A manager never called, but they did send someone up to bring us one lightbulb, which was apparently taken from the bathroom of some other room. So at least we had some light in the bathroom...but it seemed a little ridiculous that they weren't prepared for something like that when they knew they would have a full house for Labor Day.We had no other problems during our stay. It was very quiet at night. The rooms were clean and reasonably spacious, and the beds were very comfortable. The staff was generally pleasant and helpful. As I said before, the location was great. The fact that all the rooms are suites is also a bonus if you need an extra bed. I also liked that the room had a separate vanity (which I had to use for getting ready in the morning since we had very dim bathroom lighting), a microwave and little refrigerator. There is also a coffee shop and a restaurant (open all day) in the lobby of the hotel, and the stay includes free use of their pool and fitness center. Having one burned-out light bulb in the bathroom for the duration of our stay seemed to be a minor issue, especially since I got an excellent rate on the hotel room for Labor Day weekend as part of a group rate for a wedding. If, however, I had had to pay the regular price for the hotel room, I think I would have felt a little ripped off. You don't expect something like that from a hotel like this.In sum, the service was ok, the place was clean, comfortable and in a great location, and it was just fine for a discounted price ($160/night). If this is one of the cheaper options you can find to fit your other needs (location, # of beds in a room, etc.), it is a decent deal.	
Aug 25 2007 	Simply the Best in Chicago!	I can't say enough great things about this hotel. I travel to Chicago about six times per year on business and stay at a number of different properties and the Hilton Suites is hands down my favorite. I had stayed at the hotel three years ago when it was still a Doubletree and was very impressed with every aspect of the hotel from the exceptional quality of the rooms, beautiful decor, outstanding service, ideal location and fantastic views. Most recently I had the pleasure of staying at the hotel in August and was equally as impressed with the hotel today as I was during my first visit three years ago. Although the room furnishings and interior decor have been modified tastefully the hotel retains all of its excellence. There is no shortage of great hotels in Chicago and Hilton Suites is at the top of my list. I highly recommend this property.	
Aug 24 2007 	Typically wonderful Hilton welcome	My husband and I spent a weekend in Chicago to celebrate our birthdays, which are less than a month apart. We planned to use public transport to get around, so this hotel's central location just behind Water Tower Place was great. It's only a few blocks from the nearest subway stop (worth the walk even in the near-zero temperatures we encountered), and buses run up and down the Mag Mile all the time. Hilton Suites are the best of both worlds - the facilities of a proper hotel and the amenities of the type of place that usually caters to business travelers. For instance, a Hilton Garden Inn will have a fridge and microwave, while a Hilton hotel won't, but Hilton Suites have not only a fridge, microwave, and little sink, they also have the sitting area completely separated from the bedroom. Even if you plan to spend a lot of time out sightseeing, it's always nice to come back and plop down on your sofa in front of your flat-screen TV and pull a cold soda or bottle of water out of the fridge and relax.Then there's the service. I have found that front desk people at Hiltons are frequently more friendly and helpful than at the other major chains I use. The guy who checked us in was an absolute sweetheart, more helpful with tourist hints than the concierge was, and really interested in the success of our stay. When we mentioned that that day was my husband's birthday, Front Desk Guy paid attention - we got back from Second City that night to find a happy-birthday note and delicious carrot cake waiting in our room.The room was spacious and clean, the neighborhood was interesting (shopping, museums) and safe, and the rate was decent for the middle of a major city. We'd go back in a heartbeat.	
Aug 24 2007	Great location good price	Great location, nice room layout, we do not want super luxury, but do want the basic services and these were excellent. Well thought out room and although the bathroom has only one sink, there is another small sink at the bar which suffices when the need arises. Since there are several large hotels in the immediate area there are plenty of cabs, and there are many bus routes on Michigan Avenue a block away.	
Aug 24 2007	Good quiet location in Downtown Chicago	I guess my problem is I'm always comparing the hotel I stay in with others I could have stayed in at the same price in the area. Hilton Suites on a quieter street by the Hancock Building, so you can walk across the street to it if you want; depends on why you're in Chicago, I guess. The woman who checked us in was very nice and ensured that we would have a connecting room with my parents arriving the next day. We were traveling with our kids 7, 8 and 10 and had a 2 double beds/suite for four nights. The hotel was very busy. The bell woman who helped us up with our luggage was the best, most informative we have had in a long time. She explained there is a convenient store across the street (huge and reasonably priced btw with large wine selection) and other info. Very easy to get a cab. Always one in front of the hotel. Walkable to most shops on Michigan Ave. Rooms were newly updated but had a really strong smell, possibly carpet glue. I was told all rooms smelled like that, but it gave me a really bad headache and I bought travel candles to light when we were in the room. Rooms not huge. Very similar size to Residence Inn &quot;suites&quot;. Liked that the bathrooom had an entrance both from the living area and the bedroom. Bedroom small, but very comfortable beds. No problem with cable tv reception others mentioned. We are Hilton Gold members so I thought we might get an upgrade, free internet, but no. Got two vouchers for $6.50 off breakfast and that was it. Had to use the business center to print boarding passes and the usage fee plus copy fee ran me $24. Thought that was stiff for a Hilton Suites. Breakfast was not super and service in the restaurant that gets good food reviews was rather rude at breakfast. Food was just ok, but a good kids' menu. Bar staff was very friendly at night. Overall, the small size for a suite room and the really strong room odor made me rate this lower. Really between a 3 and 4. Pull-out bed not comfortable for kids, but what pull-out bed is? I always leave a tip for housekeeping and still bathroom soaps/shampoos (La Source/Crabtree Evelyn products) were not replaced even though they were used and trash cans not emptied. Could have stayed at Hilton sister hotel, the Conrad for the same price and think I would next time if traveling with family. Guess it is about price paid and at almost $300/nt not exactly worth it. If we paid less.... There is a small coffee bar in the lobby that sells Starbucks coffee and Krispy Creme donuts and cereal if you want to skip the restaurant. The plans for a full-blown Starbucks on site, we were told had been canceled.	
Aug 16 2007	Great Hotel! Even Better Staff!	Overall great service but had a rocky start. Stayed the 10-13 AUG they had a very large group with a late 4pm check out and a sold out hotel for the same evening. This included 2 motor coaches which showed up on time @ 3:00 pm and the rooms weren’t ready, It’s a small lobby and chaos ensued. It all got resolved around 6:00 pm. Nicolette and Abraham rose to the occasion and were grace under pressure, hats off to them. The rooms are nice and well appointed. Heads up there is not a safe in the room, they are scheduled for next year. Can't beat the location!	
Aug 5 2007 	Loved it...again	I just returned from a business trip to Chicago, and an overnight stay at the Hilton Suites Chicago/Magnificent Mile. This was my second time at this hotel -- the first was exactly a year ago soon after it was converted from a Doubletree to a Hilton.This is a very good hotel for the business traveler. I loved the separate bedroom and work areas. The work space was ample, and a second table was on casters below the main desk, providing more work area as needed. My only negative -- and this seems to be a common one -- is that there was no safe in the room, or at least I couldn't find it.The main living space also had a small refrigerator, microwave, and coffee/tea maker. The bathroom was a good size, and could be entered from either the bedroom or living room. The king-sized bed was very comfortable, and I slept well. I was assigned a room directly across from the elevators (last two digits are 04) and was, therefore, concerned about noise, but once I closed the door that concern disappeared. I also had occasion to use the business center on the third floor, and the connections were fast and printers and other equipment worked well.I used room service for dinner, and it was remarkably quick. I ordered a Caesar salad with chicken, and it arrived within ten minutes, complete with warm dinner rolls.I would also recommend this hotel for families. The sofa in the living room was actually a sofabed, and the small refrigerator could hold enough items to cut down on costs. There is a convenience store directly across the street. The hotel itself is in an excellent location near the Hancock building.In fact, I am thinking of visiting Chicago and the Hilton Suites/Magnificent Mile again -- this time with family in tow.	
Jul 19 2007 	Wonderful Hotel	Overall I had a wonderful Stay at the Hilton. Right across the street from the John Hancock building...walk out the door to magnificent mile. The valet could be slow at times, but I was only charged for one night when I really had the car for two nights. Not sure if that was on purpose or not, but the manager did take notice at the time of the delay. Staff was very friendly and helpful. The beds were extremely comfortable!!! As a Hilton Diamond member I was given free continental breakfast...sure it wasn't a buffet, but compared to the other hotels in the area it was great. They really only offer continental breakfast for up to two people and I had three so they through in extra tickets. Also, I paid for one night (two double beds) and had 4 free nights (one king bed) they allowed me to stay in the double room the whole time. Couldn't ask for a better stay. I will surely return to this location.	
May 30 2007 	For business or pleasure you cant ask for anything more	I have rated allot of hotels on this website and not many I choose as excellent, but Hilton Suites in Chicago earns it. Not because its opulent or amazing luxurious, although its luxuriously modern and functional. I think its outstanding because it has absolutely everything you could possibly need in a hotel on business or pleasure.The rooms are very updated, modern, well maintained and clean. The suite is perfect for those on business wanting a place to work in the living room while watching tv and on the internet. There is lots of room to spread out with a full size couch, plasma tv that you can adjust to any place you are sitting, a very functional desk and internet access. The bathroom is spacious and full size which is rare in a big city but always appreciated. The bedroom has a wonderful bed and while the bedroom is not huge, really all you are doing in there is sleeping so how much room do you need in there. The staff is wonderful and friendly. There is starbucks in the lobby and the hotel restaurant is really good, people from outside the hotel eat there.I rarely run across hotels that I am completely comfortable with enough room to work, sleep and bathe but this hotel has everything you could possibly need and you will feel very comfortable in the suite with plenty of room to spare. It doesnt have the luxury of the Drake or Weston but it has everything you need in a business or pleasure hotel to have a wonderful stay.Even if you dont work out you should check out the pool and fitness facility, they are on the top floor and have a great view. While the fitness center isnt huge it has modern well maintained equipment.Excellent stay at a great hotel with great rooms and services in the perfect location for walking around to eat or shop. If you are in town on business this should be at the top of your list.	
May 23 2007 	Appalling and Unethical Billing	I recently took a weekend trip to Chicago with a couple of my girlfriends from grad school. Loved the city, other than the wind. Absolutely disgusted with the Hilton Suites we stayed in. A couple of weeks after returning home, I happened to check my credit card balance to find a extra $100 charge from the hotel. Assuming it was some kind of mistake, I called to let the hotel know. They proceded to tell me that they did not know what the charge was at that time, but that they would call me back. I gave my phone number, email and name. They proceeded to call one of the other girls who stayed in the room and to tell her the charge was for &quot;trashing&quot; the room! I can assure you, we left the room in perfect condition with all of our &quot;trash&quot; by the door. We barely spent any time in the room as it is. The manager told me they had a report and pictures of the damage to the room, but when I requested they send copies to me with an explanation of the $100 charge, he insisted he was not allowed to do that. Can you imagine, it is their word against mine, and they don't have to provide any type of receipt or evidence, but can charge me this ridiculous charge! Something in this scenario does not add up. I'm disputing the charge through my credit card company, but feel this is completely unbelievable, not to mention unethical. I am over the $100, but not the principle. I will never stay in a Hilton, and am passing this information on to spare others this experience.	
May 18 2007 	Great Location	We were able to get a rate of $160 a night through the hotel website which for Chicago seemed to be a good deal for a 2 night weekend stay. We found the newly renovated suites very nice - with a flat screen in the living area and a nice bar. The location was great - convenient to everything. The only complaint that we had was the slowness of the service at breakfast - we were given a voucher for continental breakfast - which they applied to a full breakfast. The cost of valet parking was typical Chicago - $43 a day.	
May 4 2007	Good hotel miss the doubletree cookies	We have stayed at this hotel many times (as the previous incarnation as a Doubletree and now as the Hilton Suites). Overall, it is a very nice hotel and a pretty good deal for the Magnificent Mile area of downtown. We have paid approximately $150/ night on weekend nights- straight off of the hotel website. The prices are actually usually a little bit cheaper if you book earlier in our experience (have ranged between $100-200 for Sat nights over the last few years).PROS:1. Rooms are very clean, bedding is very comfortable.2. Rooms are quiet now that construction is done3. Location- very near the John Hancock building4. Views- ask for a high room on the lakeside, gorgeous viewsCONS:1. Flat screen tv in the living room had horrible reception- seriously! We didn't watch much tv, but the one in the bedroom is the only one that is watchable (and I'm used to a 12 inch tv that is 20 years old).2. The concierge service is not that great. We tried to get breakfast suggestions and so far, have gotten nothing more creative than the Cheesecake factory around the corner.3. Miss the cookies that they had when it was a DoubletreeNEUTRAL1. Front desk staff has varying degrees of helpfulness. Some are somewhat rude. Some bend over backwards to be nice.We will continue staying here unless I read about a better place for the same price on tripadvisor!	
Apr 29 2007 	Great Stay for th eprice	We stayed for 10 nights Mid-MarchThe Good.-Good location-Good price-Clean-Good Service-Nice eats-Safe areaThe Nearly Bad.-Small room for a suite-Charge for wireless (silly now-a-days)The UglyNone	
Apr 26 2007 	great room no maid service	I booked online prepaid and got a 197/night rate. Room was ready when I arrived at 9pm sunday night. Room was half way up the tower with a glimpse of the lake between the buildings. It was near the elevator but very quiet. The room is a two room suite with a living room with desk, flat screen tv, wetbar, and sofa. The bedroom had a king bed.This room was excellently outfitted for the business traveller. It was the first room I stayed in where I could work on the laptop,eat room service, and channel surf through the TV, all at the sametime from one sitting location. The desk was large and had a pull out table for dinner. So no clearing off the desk for the dinner.Moreover, the TV was on a wall next to the desk so I could watchthe tube inbetween emails and bites of dinner. The bedroom was small, just big enough for the king bed and too small for a regular door. Mine had skinny french doors which wasodd, but they worked fine. The bathroom was spacious and everything worked well.My only complaint was that they forgot to make up my room while I wasgone all day at work. I came back at 9pm the next night to find the room as I left it in the morning. I called the operator and the maid service was sent immediately and they quickly replaced my towels etc.The rooms are recently renovated and they look really nice. Also the hotel has windows that open which means you can get fresh air. This is getting more unusual these days for high rise hotels and it was much appreciated by me, especially since the new furniture and carpetin the room still has an odor and thus the rooms can use a bit of airing out from the new materials.Another small issue was that I needed a credit card receipt because I paid in advance. Hilton did not email me any receipt and the hotel could not give me the information. So I had to call Hilton after my stay and ask for a receipt. They were able to email me the receipt within an hour of my phone call and I was able to submit withmy business expenses.Staff was friendly and helpful. I would stay there again on another trip.	
Apr 19 2007 	Hilton Suites - I'd go back again	My 11 y.o. son and I enjoyed our stay at the Hilton Suites, located one block east of Michigan Avenue along East Delaware Place. The John Hancock Building is directly across the street.For tourists this hotel is nicely located. Guests are close to Michigan Avenue but don't have to put up with the traffic noise on that very busy street. Chicago Transit Authority (CTA) busses to Museum Place (Adler Planetarium, Shedd Aquarium, Field Museum), the Chicago Zoo and the Museum of Science and Technology all stop at the corner of Michigan &amp; Delaware (one block from hotel). Many bus lines run north/south along Michigan Avenue, so it is easy to hop on a bus after you get tired of walking along The Magnificent Mile. The nearest subway stop (Red Line) is the &quot;Chicago&quot; station, located about 5 blocks away if I recall correctly. We purchased CTA 5-day visitor passes ($18 each) which allow unlimited use of the bus and subway system. Much cheaper and more convenient than renting a car. Bus drivers and passengers were more than willing to answer questions about &quot;is this the right bus?&quot;. After a day or two we were getting around on CTA like native Chicagoans.By the way, If you are going to the Blue Man Group show (my son loved this show) you can easily get there by subway from downtown.We used the subway when we returned to O'Hare airport for our flight home. This worked out quite nicely as we avoided the cost of a shuttle or taxi, plus breezed by all of the traffic on the expressway. I wouldn't suggest trying this right at rush hour with your suitcase; we left downtown around 3 p.m. and had no problems getting on the subway with our 22 inch rolling suitcases.Our suite on the 24th floor of the Hilton Suites was as others here have already described. My son used the pull-out sofa bed which was perfect for him but an adult might find it uncomfortable.Hotel staff ranged from the disinterested (doormen who couldn't bother to greet returning guests) to the absent (never did see a concierge) to the helpful (front desk personnel).I would stay here again.	
Apr 19 2007 	Great room; great staff	During Easter break we stayed 2 week-nights at the Hilton Suites and found it very comfortable for 2 adults and 2 kids (ages 10 &amp; 13). Got a suite (as reserved) and it looked exactly like the pictures on the web site. All updated furnishings and loved the 2 TV's &amp; big bathroom. Bedding was great, clean, &amp; comfy. Extra bedding for sofa bed stored in zipped plastic bag (never seen that before)! Front desk staff very friendly and helpful. Kids liked the pool (good temp) and we liked the view. Sauna control was broken but didn't really miss it. We did not hear any disruptive noise during our stay. As others wrote, be prepared for expensive parking at hotel (we traveled by train &amp; taxis).Restaurant at hotel (Mrs. Parks Tavern) was very spendy for breakfast ($3 for kids milk; $3.50 for apple juice); we only ate there because of a promotional coupon. Cheesecake Factory nearby is good, but very busy (70 min wait). Make reservation then wait back at hotel!I did a lot of research on-line before booking this room and made a good choice with the comfort and value; we were not disappointed.	
Apr 19 2007 	Easter Break In Chicago	Stayed at the Hilton Suites Chicago the week after Easter. My family originally booked the Chicago Hilton but switched to this hotel because of the proximity to attractions, shopping on the Magnificent Mile, and the many choices of family restaurants within walking distance. Check in was a breeze and the staff was very courteous and helpful with valet parking and bellhop assistance. The room was not a 2 room suite, but we had plenty of room for a family of five (2 adults, 3 children). Two double beds and a pull out sofa. Had a great view on the 26th floor of the John Hancock Building. Also microwaves and a mini refrigerator were complimentary which is a great plus with kids.Pool was OK and room service was fine. Overall the hotel is a solid choice for families, and the location is great. The week had some rough weather, but we still managed to have a fun vacation.	
Apr 4 2007	This place has many faults	I was in chicago to celebrate my mothers 69th birthday. I was given a pleasant room on the 26th Floor by a delightful manager Christine, Thank You. Upon arrival Friday 3/30 ,I nor my wife were assisted withour bags by doorman whoi were busy chatting. The cab fare from O'harewas $45 dollars and valet parking was $43 per day. On Saturday 3/31I we took cab from hotel to field Museum which cost $19 plus tip. Therese no street parking around downtown Chicago so by mid day I decided to rent a car. We had dinner at a Cheesecake factory restuarant upon our return across the street in the Hancock tower. On4/1we took a trip to a Harrahs Casino in Joliet which is about a 45 minute drive. The hotel has no in room safe so i stored several electronic devives in my hard side samsonite TSA approved luggage. Upon return I went to pack for departure th e next day the lock was broken on one side. I filed a report with hotel security and made a follow up call but have heard nothing. We went to an early lunch at The Signature Room on the 95 Floor of the Hancock Tower which has a lunch buffet for $18.99 M-S excluding drinks and dessert. Restaurant has spectacular views so skip the observatory. Overall Chicago is nice but as expensive as New York	
Mar 12 2007	Hidden gem	This hotel is a great choice. My husband and I just returned from a 4 night stay and we wanted a kitchenette so we ended up here. Even though It was not my first choice I am so glad we did. The room was quiet, with urban chic decor. Bathroom was large with adjoining dressing area off the bedroom. Down comforter encased in clean sheets ( no common bedspread) on the Heavenly bed and plenty of down pillows. Thermostat has fan controlls for Hi Low and Auto. Floor to ceiling windows with blackout draperys. Beautifull pool and workout area on the top floor with spectacular views of lake Michigan, make an effort to go up. Location is north end by the best boutique shopping and Rush street resuraunts, much nicer than by the river. Has a quiet bar and resturaunt so for night life go to the Westin or Drake bars. Coffeemaker is by individual cup but the lobby sells Starbucks.	
Mar 4 2007	Hideous decor	With all the lovely hotels in Chicago there is no reason to stay here. My room was not a suite and there was no kitchenette. The lighting was outrageously bad and the decor is too ugly for words. The hotel attracts loud groups so beware.	
Mar 2 2007 	Great location and stay	Very nice suites with kitchen/bar (sink, small fridge, microwave, coffee maker), sofa, desk and plasma TV. Separate bedroom area with door and very comfortable bed. Staff very accommodating. Excellent location. Only drawback - the walls may be a bit thin if you are a light sleeper..	
Feb 7 2007	Great Hotel!!	We visited Chicago on 13th January 2007 for 7 nights.We booked this hotel due to the proximity to all the tourist sights in chicago and we were not disappointed!The hotel was fantastic, all the staff were very polite and their service was second to none. All the services provided by the hotel were good, the restaurant was reasonably priced and the food was delicious. The bar also had no faults and was suitable for a quiet drink, with the bar staff being always attentive to your needs while making you feel very welcome.The pool (although we didn't use it) looked good and gave you a view over the lake which was impressive!But the best part of the hotel for both of us was the room, it was spacious but comfortable consisting of a living area with microwave, fridge, coffee machine, plasma tv, a well equiped bathroom, and a bedroom with the WORLDS MOST COMFORTABLE BED!! Let's put it this way I would never get up for work if this was my bed at home!!The hotel is in walking distant or a short taxi ride for shopping, restaurants, and all the major tourist sights. I would recommend to eat at the Cheesecake factory situated under the John Hancock building, the banana cream cheesecake for dessert is a must! Follow this up by a drink in the signature lounge (at the top of the John Hancock building) for the most breath taking night-time view of the city.I also recommend a visit to the Lincoln Park zoo its full of great animals and its free!!All in all an excellent hotel in an excellent city, we fully intend to return.	
Jan 2 2007	Great Near North Value	For a most comfortable hotel on the near north side of the city, you cannot beat this hotel. Clearly one of the most comfortable hotels we've stayed in and a great value to boot. Only a block from Water Tower shopping and Michigan Avenue with great ammenities...room layout is the best! Lobby restaurant was excellent and staff very helpful and courteous. Highly recommend it.	
Nov 27 2006 	Excellent	No complaints at all. Nice location; friendly staff; nice gym &amp; pool. Will stay here again without hesitation.	
Oct 4 2006	Very Nice Hotel in a Great Location	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights during a recent business trip. The room was prepaid by my employer, so I have no idea how much it cost. However, I can say that the room was large and the bed was extremely comfortable. The location is in Magnificent Mile area, next to the Hancock tower (as far as I could tell the high end part of downtown Chicago). I felt very comfortable walking around and taking the metro (station is about 5 blocks away). Plenty of upscale shops and restaurants are nearby. I truly enjoyed my stay at this hotel	
Aug 20 2006 	What a nice surprise!	My son (23) and I go to Chicago at least once a summer. I booked 2 nights at the Hilton (it was still the Doubletree at that time) for free, using my Hilton Honors points, so I didn't have really high expectations. But free is good.We drove in from Michigan on a Friday afternoon, circled the block a few times before we decided the Doubletree was now the Hilton, and checked in. Warning -- valet parking at the hotel is hideously expensive, even considering it's Chicago -- $60/night! But again, the rooms were free so...Registration must have heeded other people's feedback -- not only was it friendly and efficient, but the young woman kept apologizing any time she made me wait more than a nanosecond. Second complaint -- there was no offer to help us with our bags to the room. We handled everything, but I normally expect the offer in a hotel that nice.Room was excellent -- large, clean, elegant, well-laid out. Flat screen tv in LR, enough coffee for me to make it till we went downstairs, refrigerator/microwave for the left-over Pizza Uno we brought back Friday pm. LR had comfortable seatage -- sleeper couch (although my son would dispute the sleeper comfort, it's no worse than any other), side chair, desk chair. Had a small view of the lake. Bed was very comfortable, with gobs of pillows, great linens and a comfortable woolen throw just right for afternoon napping. More than enough closet/drawer space, and a cunning little vanity for makeup and hair.Best part was the bathroom. I like the 2-doors -- one into my BR, one into the LR. Very private and personal. Curved shower curtain bar is a major plus --there is nothing nastier than shower curtain stickage. Good products and lots of towels, although, rather puzzling, no hair dryer.Restaurant downstairs is very good (Mrs. Parks) -- my late husband and I had actually dined there several years ago -- not fancy but tasty. Vastly overpriced for breakfast -- you're better off wandering 3 blocks to Bistro 110. Great location for shopping, sight-seeing, etc. -- we walked lots of places, but caught cabs to Wrigley and Second City. In the past, my son and I stayed at Lenox Suites or Homewood Suites. Hilton is far nicer in a comparable or better location, and has become my preference, as long as I can use points again.	
Aug 19 2006	Perfect for the Family!	We stayed at this lovely hotel in Aug 06, with our family of5 kids. We had 2 suites which were adjoining, and perfect for our family. They were newly renovated and in excellent condition. The bathrooms are new, the beds are fluffy and fresh, the staff was friendly and accomodating. We had excellent service, the Valet inparticular was so helpful with our car always going in and out in the city. The location is excellent in the City, right off ofMichigan Avenue. Could not have had a better area in the city. It was very residential, but accessible to all. THe pool was great for the kids, and room service was always good. We felt so fortunate to have found this great spot with our big family! We would def go back!	
Jul 29 2006 	What a great surprise	First a caveate; we paid the Hilton employee rate of $39/ night although not actually employees. We spent 3 nights here then moved to the more &quot;upscale&quot; Conrad and were much more impressed with the Doubletree. The size of the room is amazing. The separate rooms, the wetbar, fridge and micro and coffee. Lovely lovely and comfortable.  The pool was a real treat. I expected a typical midwestern indoor pool, but the view was fantastic. Gorgeous views of the lake and the Handcock building- and the pool area with it's tiled walls and sky high windows ... well I just wish we got to spend more time. The second time we tried to go to the pool there were no towels so we left. That's my only complaint. The only negatives were poor organization at checkin and trying to check our bags until our room was ready was a bit of a challenge. There's no real bar at the hotel, always empty and closed by ten. The coffee shop is outrageous. $10.50 for a premade, cold wrapped sandwich. We live in San Diego which is expensive but even here, the Hilton coffee shop sandwiches are only $5.50 Over all, the location is perfect. Walked everywhere. If we couldn't walk we took the subway/ El. Great great great. Went to the Signature Lounge at the Handcock twice. Shopped on Michigan ave. Took in a Cubs game, just a quick ride up the red line. Architectural boat tour, Field Museum. Museum of Contemporary Art is right around the corner. Everything convenient to this location.Left a mostly full bottle of Absolute vodka in the fridge - oops. Hope the housekeeper enjoyed it - it was well earned.	
Jul 27 2006	Great location	Hotel was in a very convienient location to Navy Pier. In addition you had easy access to public transportation right off of Maryland. Cabs were readily available if you are not into buses or the train/subway. Hotel was exceptionally clean during my visit. They are changing to the Hilton name and were doing some painting, but it was very early in the morning and was not a bother at all.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. The fact the rooms are suites is convenient for two adults and up to two children. The pull out couch isn't comfortable enough for adults to use for very long.Staff was pleasant. Didn't use room service, but heard good things about it from others who did.	
Jul 18 2006	Great stay at the Doubletree	Stayed at the Doubletree for a 3 night weekend at the end of June. Used Hilton Honors rewards but the room was listed at over $300 per night on the website. We had a one king suite on the 25th floor with an awesome view of Lake Michigan. Our room was very recently redone (as a matter of fact there was still the smell of paint in tha hall way) with the flat screen tv. Bed was very comfortable with nice linens and tons of pillows. Liked the separate make-up vanity so one could shower while one finished up outside of bathroom. Mini fridge great for holding those take out cheesecake slices from Cheesecake Factory. Location was perfect for us, we walked everywhere except Andy's Jazz Club we cabbed. Walked to Navy Pier, Ogden boat slip for river tour, Museum of Contemp. Art, up and down Michigan Ave, beach, tons of restaurants nearby. Ate at Bistro 110, Andy's, Saloon Steakhouse for dinner, top of the Hancock for lunch (highly recommend lunch here). Had breakfast one morning in hotel restaurant, good food, service and speedy. Other mornings got juice and muffins from the coffee stand in lobby. We used the exercise room twice, small but nice machines and amazing city view (it is on the top floor), also where the pool is. Hotel staff was very nice, concierge particularly helpful. We would stay here again!	
Jun 19 2006	Pretty Good Stay	Stayed at the Doubletree June 13-16, 2006. With the exception of some problems at check-in, I enjoyed this hotel and would stay there again. Also, the air conditioner didn't work in our room and it took 2 phone calls to correct the problem. Most of the staff were very friendly and helpful. There is a grocery store right across the street that made fabulous sandwiches. The beds were AWESOME as were the pillows. Note, the pull out sofa bed in our room was very uncomfortable and was not meant for one adult to sleep on, let alone two. Would probably be ok for a small child. The location was perfect. We got a good rate for our rooms and would stay there again in a heartbeat for the same rate.	
Jun 9 2006	The hotel made the trip!	Highly recommended hotel. Spacious, generously sized, recently renovated rooms with mini-fridge and microwave (but note no dishes are provided). Loved the LCD flat screen TV in the living room and entrances to the bathroom from both the living and bedrooms. Convenient coffee bar in lobby. Fantastic location across from John Hancock building and one block from Lake Michigan. My standard room even boasted a sliver view of the lake. Note there is rather noisy construction at a parking garage next to the John Hancock but I was not able to hear it from my room and I am very particular about noise. Michigan Avenue and all buses are one block away, subway line is about a ten minute walk to Chicago station. Staff was extremely friendly at check-in and out. Arriving in my room, I was absolutely overjoyed with the accomodations!	
May 21 2006	Good but not great	Our family of four stayed at the Doubletree for six nights and were awakened each morning by construction noise in the suite across the hallway. When I complained to the front desk staff about the hammering that started at about 7:30, I was told that sometimes the workers start even earlier, implying, I guess, that I should be thankful! She offered to switch our room but informed me that the construction was going on all over the hotel and could not guarantee a more quiet suite. The suite itself was nice but small. The beds were comfortable and the rooms were clean. The jacuzzi near the pool, however, was dirty--and remained that way even though we showed an employee the mildew growing on the sides. The pool water was nice and warm and the view from that room was wonderful. This hotel's location and reasonable rates are its best assets.	
May 16 2006	Absolutely the best beds ever!	Our family of four stayed at the Doubletree Guest Suites Chicago for a long weekend/wedding. Our accommodations were at a group rate for $229 for a 2 room suite which included a very spacious living room with desk, plasma tv, fold out sofa (very comfortable according to my picky teenage daughter), chair, coffee table and sink/fridge/microwave station as well as a bedroom with another tv, 2 double beds, dresser, table and a large bathroom. The suite appeared to have been recently renovated as everything was in top condition. The best thing about our entire stay were THE BEDS!!! These were the most comfortable, luxurious beds I have ever slept in at any hotel. From the soft, plush down pillows and comforter to the cushiony, but firm mattress to the luxurious sheets...it was a pleasure to go to bed at night! All of the guests at the hotel from our group raved about their beds.Service at the hotel was what should be expected at any hotel; courteous, considerate and kind. We had a mistaken charge on our bill that was promptly removed. The bellmen were always gracious when storing our luggage before and after our stay for a few hours. I also appreciated the maid service for our room who, when we walked through the doorway as she was finishing up her cleaning, made sure to verify that our room key worked for the room before she departed. She was very kind and never made us feel uncomfortable. The location of this resort is ideal for those who want a short walk to the Magnificent Mile shops and the John Hancock building. The location, service, accommodations and price made us very happy with our stay and ready to return the next time we visit Chicago.	
May 15 2006	Perfect for Families!	Just got back from a stay here at the Doubletree in Chicago. My husband and I took our 3 year old daughter with us this time! The room was perfect (a tad on the small side) but very clean and simple room. It was nice having two rooms- so after she went to sleep we could enjoy a little wine and tv without waking her up! The room had a nice size fridge which is very nice when traveling with a toddler. The hotel location is perfect for running around in the city- very central to everything and a bus stop for the major museums right at the corner. The pool upstairs was plus too! Nothing fancy but very clean and quiet with a pretty view! Overalll we were very pleased with the hotel great location and value!!	
May 3 2006	Good Place	Good place for a family to stay. Our suite was large enough for the 3 of us - parents and teenager. The suite had all we needed and included a nice view - we could see a bit of Lake Michigan. We liked the proximity to local sites, not a far walk to the subway and it was always easy to get a taxi when necessary. Overall it was a nice, clean place to stay if you want to be in downtown Chicago.	
Apr 14 2006	Great Stay Nice Location Great Hotel	Had a nice stay at this Doubletree. I was worried when I read of what people wrote. Rooms: Clean, large, comfortable beds and pillowsHotel: Nice, clean, staff were helpful and freindlyLocation: 1/2 Block over from Mag. Mile, near Lake, shopping, etc..I would stay again for the location and price.	
Apr 5 2006	Eh	For the cost of this hotel, you can find much better elsewhere in the city. I requested early check in and could not get into the room early. I ended up checking if *after* the check in time because the room was not ready. The woman at the check-in desk was rude.The towels in the room were very thin and torn. The pool was cold. No cookies.	
Nov 2 2005	Nice but not great	This is not the best Double Tree we have stayed at. The room was clean, the beds very comfy, and the location was great. BUT... the room was on the small side and a smidge stale smelling. My sister stayed in a room on the other side of the building. Her view was fantastic, ours was so so. We might go again, just for the location.	
Oct 31 2005	very average	My husband, 3 year-old daughter and I (former Chicago residents) have stayed in this hotel four times in the past 12 months. Our most recent was Oct 2005. Each time we stay we say we do not want to return but still keep coming back! The location, as has been mentioned, is perfect. I love it. The staff, overall are very friendly. The rooms are quite shabby and really need updating (for example, the couches are quite worn). I have never seen the pool too busy but it always too cold. During our last stay I asked twice to have the heat increased in the pool. The first person told me it could not be increased, the second was able to turn it up slightly. The view from the pool is beautiful. The equipment in the work out room is all fairly new and well kept/clean.Each time we plan a trip to Chicago I look and look and end up at the Doubletree because of the price. You can stay in hotels with the same level of rooms and pay _much_ more in similar locations (The Embassy Suites, for example). If you are willing to put up with a few issues (shabby room, cold pool, good but not great service) in exchange for a fabulous location and a low rate then the Doubletree is the place.	
Oct 21 2005	Nice stay at Doubletree	First of all: This hotel is in a great location. Right across you will find the John Hancock Center and Magnificent Mile is just one block away.The service was generally friendly and helpful, even though sometimes not very talkative.The rooms are just fine, my room was absolutely identical to the one advertised on the Expedia Website. I was given a room on the 8th floor which didn't have much of a view but was quiet and clean, so I didn't mind. It seems as if you should try to avoid rooms close to the elevators, because they are busy the whole night.Room service was perfect and I really enjoyed the Blenz Cafe in the Lobby which serves little treats - and you can enjoy free wireless broadband Internet access there if you bring your Notebook along - there are no PCs available. I enjoyed this feature a lot!Overall I would definitely stay at Doubletree Guest Suites again, as location and price are perfect and the service and rooms are above average.	
Aug 30 2005	Wonderful experience	My husband and I are frequent vistors of Chicago, we stayed at other hotels like the Intercontinel on Michigan Ave which was also very nice. Doubletree was in a great location, we walked to the Cheesecake Factory, Dick's Last Resort, Uno's etc. The room was very clean and spacious, the staff was also very helpful. I would definitely stay here again, and recommend others to come.	
Aug 16 2005	Excellent location only one block off the Magnificent Mile!	We stayed here for five nights. Four of us (2 adults, 2 children) were very comfortable in a two room suite. The rooms are clean &amp; quiet and the beds are very comfortable. Hotel staff was friendly and very helpful. Umbrellas were provided to guests on rainy days. The pool and spa are a big plus after a long day. Yes, it gets a bit crowded in the evening, but not so bad after 9 p.m. Easy walking distance to restaurants - try Cedar and Rush streets for something other than franchise food. I would highly recommend the Doubletree to anyone travelling with children.	
Jun 13 2005	Don't count on the pool	We live in the suburbs of Chicago, but stayed here for two nights over spring break in March. We thought it would be fun to enjoy the city and a pool. Well, forget about the pool. It is small and was extremely crowded. We tried to go three times. Finally, we went early in the morning. It was still crowded, but the kids were determined to swim. It was really loud and not too much fun. The hotel was ok otherwise, but don't go if you are counting on enjoying a pool.	
May 18 2005	First Time To Chicago	My daughter lives there now and this was our first time to Chicago and the hotel was quite good. The price was reasonable and that is something I pay attention to because of the exchange rate Canadian to U.S adds at least 20% to your bill. On check in you do get the warm Chocalte Chip cookies which is a nice touch. The rooms are not huge but more than acceptable and the beds are soooooooooo comfortable. Location is fantastic and the food in the restaurant is o.k. Staff are very friendly and helpful yet low keyed which was fine. Over all we had a great stay and would go back with out hesitation. I should mention the pool and the hot tub and although the pool isn't huge I have seen smaller at other hotels. Hot tub was great. Exercise facilities were well equiped. Again well worth the price of admission.	
Mar 17 2005	Right in the action!	This was our first time visiting Chicago, so I just had to research hotels on the internet and take a shot. We knew we wanted to be near the Magnificent Mile, as well as Navy Pier. We have 2 kids and wanted to feel safe walking downtown. It turned out to be a great location.  We were treated to warm chocolate chip cookies on arrival and found our accomodations wonderful. The children slept in the sleeper sofa in the front room with their own TV and we had the privacy of the bedroom plus a separate dressing area.  The pool on the top floor had breathtaking views of the lake and surrounding city. The water was plenty warm and the jacuzzi was welcome. My husband worked out in the fitness facility with the same awesome views.  We had breakfast at the bakery on the main level that served Krispy Kremes! They also had fruit, yogurt, and other simple items. The best thing was being so close to everything! My 11 year old daughter and I trolled the shops at night and we were right across from the mall! There was an electric vibe with trendy eateries and shoppers galore.  We took the bus to the Museum of S and I, which was an experience in itself. The hotel staff was a bit lost on helping with transportation, but we got there! It took forever, and we had a few transfers, but it was fun to see the bustling Chicago work week in action. I've never seen so many high heeled boots and Burberry scarves!  We also walked to Navy Pier. It was a bit of a hike, especially in the 45 degree Oct. weather, but an easy route and very doable.  I'd definitely stay at the Doubletree Suites again. Great location, practical accomodations for my family, and reasonable price, especially for downtown!	
Jan 9 2005	Would recommend!	Be advised the double beds are full size but SO COMFORTABLE, I would buy the mattress if I didn't already buy one that I haven't paid off yet. Also they have white down comforters that are so fluffy and cozy, beats those normal hideous bedspreads you usually see in hotels. They try to make you feel at home...The free cookies rock and it's the best location I have ever stayed in Chicago and I've been there countless times. Would recommend.	
Jan 2 2005	Good Location Big Room	My wife and I stayed at the Doubletree East Delaware on Dec. 27. For the record the week between Christmas and New Years is an awesome time to go to Chicago, because hotel rates are often below $100 for a nice room. That is at least a 40% savings over other weeks. The Doubletree rate for this day was $114 for a suite on the 21 st floor with a good view of Lake Mich. The room was in good, if not great shape. Seperate living area and bed area with seperate doors into the bathroom . Small sink and fridge in living room but no microwave. All in all the room was worth the price and I would not hesitate to go back with my kids- l.r. couch folded out into a huge bed. The location is great, one block to the Drake. Three to four blocks to all the food and fun of rush and division. Just a quick walk, unless the weather is cold, then I would taxi it... The check in and check out was really quick. The attitude of the workers was also good. One small problem- parking out front and waiting for an attendant could be a real pain in the drain as their are few spots in front of the hotel. We lucked out... but on a Sunday morning it could be a 20-30 minute wait for your car easily...	
Jan 2 2005	Very Disappointing	This is a great location and the staff was generally friendly, but the service and state of our room (2309) was poor. Shabby furniture and a huge crack along the whole length of the bathroom sink.The maid did not leave towels, neither did the turn-down service. It took TWO calls to housekeeping to get towels. The toliet overflowed--it took an hour for someone to come fix it. Then that person did not mop up the half-inch of water. Two more calls and another hour later someone came to mop it up (Now after midnight). That person used half the towels mopping it up! No replacements.The ethernet connection did not work--that took two calls and eight hours to fix. They charge $9.95 for in-room internet connection--a fact NOT noted anywhere on the numerous ads for it or on the website. There is, however, free wireless in the lobby. I admit, hotels charging extra for internet is a pet peeve of mine, but my real complaint is the lack of communciation about the charge when one reserves--or at least in the room.Also, if noise and bustling is a problem for you, know in advance it is filled with families and kids. (Not a big deal for me, but it is for some folks.)Next time we'll stay elsewere.	
Oct 3 2004	Heavenly Served	I travel to Chicago three or four times a year and I always stay here. The location is ideal and the view is breath taking. The hotelrooms are modern and kept updated. Downstairs there is a restaurant and a starbucks that provide excellent service. The staff is professional, courteous and I thank them for each and every stay, without them the hotel would not be the same.The valet is a third party contract so don't hold it against the Doubletree, only the General Manager for hiring them. They lost my car, dont ask me how. After waiting an hour with no luck on their search I had to take a cab. Sure enough by the time I returned (5 hours later) they located my rental (it was okay, just misplaced).	
Sep 14 2004 	A Place to return to	I have stayed at this hotel when in Chicago on business for a number of years. Location, Location, Location! Yes... the rooms could use some renovation but for the price the size and amenties are great. The indoor pool is a real plus and the staff are fine, not great but perfectly sufficient for this type and price class of hotel. Some rooms have views of nothing and some have great views. You get what you pay for. This is a great, quiet hotel for a business or shopping excursion.	
May 27 2004	Excellent Service	Before we travelled from Barbados, we read the reviews and were a little skeptical after we read some of the negative comments about the hotel. We couldn't change as my wife was going to a conference and this is the hotel that her company chose. On arrival we were pleasantly surprised - we got the cookies, even a set for our 10 month old!! - He even got another on check out! The staff from the bellmen to the front desk staff were extremely courteous and helpful. The suite was clean as expected, but as mentioned by another reviewer the minibar was filled with and left very little space for any personal items. This was a bit of a challenge as we needed to refridgerate some of our baby's food stuff. The suite did not have a microwave but we asked for one and got it on the third day after someone checked out. If you need one, make sure and request it when you book the room. Even then, someone from guest services took the baby food and microwaved it for us.On the first day, we were expecting a package and security couldn't find it. They then discovered that it had not yet been inventoried as having been received had not yet been placed in the proper area, so for the inconvenience, we were comped a movie.The restaurant food was nice but a bit expensive, but hey this is the Magnificent Mile!! We discovered on our 4th night that the front desk has menus from Diningin.com, that list over 20 restaurants that you can order from and have delivered to your door.All in all, I can say that this was a great stay at a great hotel. ALL of the staff were pleasant and in my opinion the service was above par. Will definitely stay there again and recommend it highly.	
May 6 2004	Not a bad stay	This hotel was good for the money we paid. I booked it a couple of months in advance of our March, 2004 stay. We paid $144/nt, for two adults and 3 kids (ages 10 to 4).Our primary goal this trip was make a pilgrimage to the Mecca of all doll stores, the American Girl Place. This hotel was very convenient to that store, as well as to other great stores on Michigan Ave and the lakeshore. In fact, after arriving, we walked down to the lake and along the lakefront. Check in was good -received the damn cookies - which, of course, made the kids even more wired than they already were after a 6-hour car ride! Got a room on the 28th floor. All rooms are suites, but I would classify them as small suites. The refrigerator was jammed with the mini-bar crap and hardly any room for the stuff we brought and wanted to refrigerate. TV in main area was small and too low - almost on the ground, tough to watch the NCAA Final Four! Beds, bathroom were fine.Fitness area was nice; pool on the 30th floor is neat, but it was pretty small. Whirlpool is nice sized. Nice men/women locker rooms for showering after swimming. Tried the hotel restaurant, not bad, interesting but limited menu, expensive.This hotel definitely has a feel of a renovated hotel where they spruced her up a bit, but didn't go the full 10 yards. However, for downtown Chicago, the location and price are attractive and we would stay there again.	
Apr 3 2004	Great staff nice pool BUT horrid hotel	I love trip advisor and use the reviews a lot when booking vacations but, boy, did it steer me wrong this time. Briefly, the staff was very helpful, the pool nice, but the hotel itself and the rooms are awful. People, you can do so much better at the Wyndham or the new Embassy Suites Lakefront for a cheaper price and breakfast included!! I choose the Doubletree because of the rave reviews it received and because of the great location, right across from John Hancock. I booked an executive suite so we would have a great view. Well, the veiw was as promised but the room was just dismal. Dirty carpets, torn and filthy upholstery, doors falling off the closet. The room was a smoking room, as well, although I had booked a non-smoking one. The manager (great guy, very helpful) told me that they were full and they had one room left which they were cleaning. I asked if it was perhaps better quality then the one we were staying in and he sadly shook his head no. He took me to see the room which was just as dismal and dingy as the one we were in. I didn't want my children even sitting on the furniture. He apparently agreed with me about the quality of the rooms and offered to do whatever would make me happy. I asked him to find other accomodations for us which he quickly did at the new lakefront Embassy Suites (loved it). He then called the Bell Captian to assist us and arranged for our car to be brought around. On the way to get our luggage the Bell Captain( also a very nice guy) told us that we would be much happier at the other hotel. That about says it all! By the way, there were no chocolate chip cookies to be found.	
Mar 28 2004	A haven of peace. (Away from the lifts).	Aaaaah. I had an unexpected two night stop in Chicago. The first night I spent at the O'Hare Hilton. In order to recover I phoned a friend for some advice and ended up here. This is lovely. Big big rooms. Suites even. As standard! I am currently sitting in my lounge/kitchen and can see my bedroom tempting me to one side and the bathroom to the other. I have two tellys! This is the life! Location is cool - just off Michican Avenue (posh shops for those not in the know) and close to the various &quot;I did it first&quot; Chicago Pizza Pie restaurants. There is a swimming pool on the 30th floor that has views over Lake Michigan. There! You want to come here already! Minus one mark for noisy lifts. I'm such a perfectionist!	
Mar 24 2004	Stay away!		
Mar 17 2004	The Doubletree was Great!!		
Mar 10 2004	Lone female visitor in Chicago		
Mar 4 2004	Great value and location - good for families		
Dec 16 2003	We'd stay here again - and plan to do so again soon		
Nov 12 2003	Very impressed with the Doubletree would stay here again.		
Jun 3 2003	Great except service		
Mar 30 2003	Off the Mile and yet On It!		
Mar 17 2003	Perfect Family Getaway		
Nov 1 2002	The best!! Great location		
Nov 11 2009 	????????????????		
Mar 26 2007	muy buena situacion		
