Nov 19 2009 	GREAT FIVE STAR	I have become a huge fan of Park Hyatt Hotels since my last few great stays with them. Four Seasons and Mandarin Oriental don't have loyalty programs, so when I go on business trips I'm motivated by getting the points. Something about getting a free night stay with two or something got me to check out the Park Hyatts. And I'm glad I did.This hotel has a spectacular, modern lobby. Fantastic spa. We had a great view from our room (see picture). The tub was super deep and they gave really great eucalyptus salts that were awesome after a long day of meetings. The room service menu had a great selection of sushi. Breakfast on the 7th floor was really nice with a great view.Criticism: the wifi at our room (1605) was non-existent. I don't know why. And also - be VERY specific on getting directions to the entrance the building is the huge water tower place and if you go to the GPS marked location you'll for sure be lost. Ask concierge on your way in specifically how to find the entrance, we circled around for about half an hour. Other than that, it's great. You have a semi-great room experience with the master bath opening into the living room. We loved it. Oh - sheets could've been softer.	
Nov 10 2009 	My Favorite Michigan Ave Hotel	Michigan Ave is graced with at least four of the best city hotels in the world. I've stayed in them all many times. I can't say a negative thing about any one of them. They all are 5 star and it's a matter on personal taste. I first stayed at the Park Hyatt over 10 years ago when it first open in its new incarnation. We stayed in the Pritzker Suite (since renamed) and were overwhelmed. We're appreciate art and organic objects. We tend to like mid-century modern decor. The Pritzker Suite was jaw dropping. For us it was the best Presidential type suite we had stayed in or even seen a picture of. I knew I had been spoilt and resisted booking the Park Hyatt because I would be disappointed knowing the heavenly suite was perched on the 17th floor. The 4 Seasons &amp; Ritz (by 4 Seasons) are great properties but after the Peninsula opened it become my home once a month for several years. After the economic downturn I became more sensitive to room rates and went back to Park Hyatt. Well I can report that it's a 5 star product, the equal of it's next door neighbor and at a much sweeter value. The lack none of the high end amenities of a great hotel. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Cristophe alway greets me warmly by name and when I tell the bell men I don't need a car, that I'm taking the train a half block away to the airport I get a big thumbs up for being so smart. I've stayed in all the smaller suites and the standard rooms. All are great for a one or two day business trip. I think the 02, 03, 04 rooms all offer a great view of the Water Tower and on the higher floors an unobstructed view of Lake Michigan. NoMi is one of the better dining experiences in a city with some of the best chefs in the world. I love Park Hyatts and this one shines like a jewel.	
Nov 2 2009 	On a scale of 1-10 this hotel and staff is 100.	A repeat stay can often be disappointing in a hotel - not with the Park Hyatt. Every single detail is thought out to please the guest. It is absolutely the BEST example of running an excellent hotel - worth every penny spent.	
Oct 26 2009 	Stunning hotel!	From the minute we walked through the door, we were treated like royalty. We never even had to hit the elevator button. Were given a complimentary bottle of champagne for our anniversary and use of the hotel BMW with driver -- never paid for a cab! The hotel was beautiful, view was stunning, linens and bed were so comfortable. Every employee was fabulous!We've been here a few times prior, have brought our children twice. Complimentary hot cocoa brought to room upon arrival for those visits! All four visits to this newer hotel (stayed at old Park Hyatt as well) were perfect!	
Oct 25 2009 	Great Views Fantastic Location	This was our second visit to the Park Hyatt. This was also the second time we did not get our promised upgrade. We see a pattern.... The view of the Lake very nice. The Magnificent Mile location - FANTASTIC! For a chain hotel, they have done a great job with plush beds and luxurious linens.	
Oct 24 2009 	chain hotels don't get much better than this	The only reason that I didn't clock &quot;service&quot; 5/5 was that a simple tea order took 20 minutes for room service to deliver, and the only reason &quot;value&quot; didn't get a 5/5 is that you'll always find slightly better value at an independent than a chain hotel, as they have to work harder to find customers. Otherwise I could only find fault here by being REALLY picky.Location is as good as it gets, just far enough off the shopping strip to be civilized, close enough to have cachet. Service was good, a little too formal but it was the first time I've stayed so I guess the staff erred on the side of caution. Great room, nice size, good stereo (a big plus given that my favourite music store in the world is in Chicago and I always gluttonise CDs), huge bathtub with a jar of bathsalts (extra points!), ridiculously comfortable bed... But no tea/coffee making which was a shame, tho' I guess at this price point the cost of a room service coffee is immaterial.I used the pool - a proper half-Olympic lap pool in a very good spa/gym complex. Full marks. And the reception staff knew the length too, so I could calculate my sets properly. I ate in the Japanese-esque restaurant, and while the sushi was only moderately authentic (there were some items you wouldn't find in Tokyo tho' you probably would in LA) it was excellent. Although the restaurant was clearly a power-dining venue they accommodated a solo diner and his trashy novel with aplomb.The design of the place is very good, quality without being glitzy, and the staff are trained to the Nth degree, almost up to Swiss or Hong Kong 5* standard. If you have the money and are prepared to spend it, this hotel won't disappoint.	
Oct 14 2009 	Loved the room!	We had our company meetings at the Park Hyatt, so we booked rooms at the hotel. I thought that our room was amazing. The bathroom is still one of my all time favorites as is the view of the city. Additionally we ate at NOMI and it was a wonderful experience. The portions are small, but the taste is very abundant.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great location but expected a bit more	We booked this hotel using our American Express card, so we got late check out and a breakfast credit for NoMi every morning. However, for the price, I thought we would have gotten much better service. For example, we were never greeted by the staff whenever we entered or left the hotel. Also, we had requested a crib for our room before our trip, but when we went to check in, it was not ready for us. The location is top notch, and the room was nice and clean, but next time, I think I'd stay somewhere else.	
Oct 10 2009 	Fantastic hotel in central location with loads of character	The Park Hyatt is an absolutely fantastic hotel. I booked there not quite knowing what to expect - ie standard cookie cutter rooms and mediocre service - but this was far from what we found.It is an art deco building located on the miracle mile right next to John Hancock tower. It has been fully refurbed and the rooms are terrific with all the mod cons, but with a great art deco theme and stacks of character.We booked into a deluxe room which was enormous with incredibly large bathroom. It had a bay window seat which was lovely and a great view over the city.The bed was the comfiest I have ever experienced. We actually booked on our return to Chicago because we were so impressed with everything this hotel had to offer.Staff were super friendly and willing to help you find anything you needed. There is also a town car for guests use with a fantastically friendly driver.There is coffee/tea and lemonade in the library for guests enjoyment during the day/evening. Free internet service etc. etc. Tiffanys, Saks, Ralph Lauren and all the big stores are literally on the front doorstep. I will stay at this hotel without hesitation when we return to Chicago (which is a fantastic city). I have already recommended it to a friend who is going there.	
Sep 20 2009 	Amazing hotel in a wonderful location in a great city	My wife and I recently had the pleasure of spending seven days at the Park Hyatt Chicago. Located adjacent to Water Tower Place, the Park Hyatt is perfectly situated on Michigan Avenue and convenient to many of the city's hot spots. My hotel reservation was made through American Express, so we received several great bonuses, including: continental breakfast; 4pm checkout; $100 dining credit; and every third night free. This is an outstanding deal for the hotel and I highly recommend anyone considering this hotel to take advantage of this offer.The room we were given was on the 13th floor and had a great view of the city. The room itself was lovely and well outfitted. The bed was incredibly comfortable with a feather duvet, pillows, and mattress cover. Although the becoming-standard flat-screen television was missing, the inclusion of a DVD player more than made up for it. Sliding panels between the bedroom and luxurious bath allowed the opening of the two rooms for extra ambiance, especially if using the beautiful soaking tub. The true jewel may be the supremely powerful and hot walk-in shower, along with the incredible bath products. The doors are also very heavy and make for excellent noise blockers; despite being close to the elevator I was never aware of any noise from the hallway.The staff of the hotel was wonderful from the very first moment. As a sidebar, member of the group U2 were staying at the hotel during the same time and the staff did an outstanding job managing the crowds and the extra level of excitement around the hotel. They never let the other activities interfere with them serving other guests.We had the opportunity to use the excellent gym, steam sauna and pool facilities, all of which were spotless and well maintained. The staff was always attentive and helpful while we were in the facilities. We also took advantage of the hotels dining options. Each morning we enjoyed the Park breakfast (basically a continental breakfast option) in the lovely NoMI Restaurant. During the evening there are two basic options/menus: &quot;indoor NoMI&quot; features several ultra-fancy selections including superior sushi; &quot;outdoor NoMI&quot; features a delicious menu of sandwiches (Kobi burger, anyone?) and sushi to enjoy while looking over the city.	
Sep 9 2009 	Simply the best	I grew up around the Chicago area and traveled to the city often for work or play. I often admired the Park Hyatt from the outside, but never considered staying there. Recently I was traveling home after a cross-country drive, and my girlfriend and I decided to stay here. I'll never stay elsewhere when I go back!The staff was amazing. Karen, the Chef Concierge, went out of her way to make suggestions for things to see, places to eat, and tours to take. She made reservations at a local Italian restaurant for us that was top-notch. They treated us like royalty from the moment we entered at both the hotel and the restaurant. The hotel car was a nice touch in making for a special night.Our room was a corner room on the 18th floor. It was immense with a wonderfully comfortable king bed. It had everything needed for a comfortable stay, from a large bath and seperate shower to a modern television and sound system. The location cannot be beat. Centrally located, it's walking distance to the Magnificent Mile and Grant park. Restaurants all around make for a foodies dream location. I'll definitely be back soon!	
Sep 8 2009 	Not my first choice for kids	We stayed their over Labor Day. I requested a &quot;early&quot; check in 2 (1 hour early) as we were going to a show at 4. Room was not ready at check in and was not very flexible about putting us in another room. After the show we were going to get room service for the kids but the only options on the kids menu was a hot dog and chicken fingers. We opted for another restaurant for the kids. Other negatives wer the siren noise during the night, the $45 valet and wallpaper coming off the wall. Next time we are going back to the Ritz - they are geared more to the families with kids.	
Aug 29 2009 	Right in the middle of everything	We stayed at this lovely hotel for 3 nights. The room is amazing with up to date furniture, clean and comfortable. We opted for the view of the lake from our window and I felt it was worth every penny looking at it from the padded window seat. Food: We ate at Nomi at the hotel and although it was very pricey (3 people for $187.00) not including alcohol and one eating only a starter. It was beautifully presented and was prepared perfectly. The view itself explains the pricing.Best: location, location, location! walk to all the little shops and the mall is literally across the street. 5 minute ride to the bank of america theater and 10 minute taxi to the science museum.worst: The sirens at night. I could hear the ambulance sirens at least 4 or 5 times at night. I recommend bringing ear plugs if you are not a completely sound sleeper.Amusing: The bath in our room opened up with a slide door to the main hotel room. This could be very amazing especially if you opted for the lake view room at night. But not so good with a teenage daughter in the room. lol. We actually just closed it as tight as we could and hung the complimentary robe on top of the middle of the split side since you could see through the slit.	
Aug 27 2009 	Nice Hotel with a Great View	The Park Hyatt is definitely a 1st class hotel. I was in room 1606 and had nice view of the Water Tower and Lake. The room itself was spacious and well appointed. It included free internet which it should. Rate I had was $239 plus parking $45 more.ROOMGreat bed, flat screen TV, nice desk and little sitting area next to window. Really nice compared to the Drake where I have stayed in the past. Bathroom is awesome, with a great bathtub and separate shower area. Double sink with nice amenities.LOCATIONOn Michigan avenue, with easy access to shopping and there is a Walgreens across the street. Many places to eat nearby, and the hotel resturant NoMi is fantastic.GYMHotel gym is nice with lot's of equipement, steam room, and locker room.Overall, I'd recommend the Park Hyatt. Really nice stay, only wish I could've stayed longer.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great location and nice hotel but loud sirens were annoying at night.	Very professional staff and security was very good. They did not speak unless you spoke to them. Pet fiendly for a fee. Good shopping and great resturant and cocktails. Can walk everywhere. Hotel starting to show wear-carpet-furniture etc... For 400+/night I really expect more. No club floor or food for Hyatt members. You can save 20/night on parking by going across the street. Park and walk	
Aug 10 2009 	Loved it!	So beautiful, great location, super friendly gorgeous hotel	
Aug 9 2009 	Pretty Fabulous	Stayed for one night at the Park Hyatt Chicago and more or less everything about it is excellent. The location on North Michigan is fine if a little could-be-anywhere mainstreet-ville with the usual run of Nordstrom/Disney Store/Ferragamo boutique, department and mega-chain store shops that are on expensive streets the world over. But the hotel is nice for being tucked around a quieter corner, and the location is good - nearby there are some fine and cheaper dining restaurants and for our 24 hour visit everything was accessible - for the cab journeys we took nothing was further than a fifteen minute ride. Doing the minor not so-goods first... the parking is an extraordinary $45 whereas around the corner it's $30 for 24 hours - so use that instead, the hotel forgot both of our morning newspapers and that's about it for problems.The room was lovely. An upholstered bench seat by the window contributed to the comfortable and homely feel. There's fabric everywhere to give a soft quiet acoustic to the room and it's a real mix of masculine and feminine elswhere. For the boys there's the classic 1956 Charles Eames lounge chair with ottoman and a quietly ugly glass desk table. There's also a decent TV and stereo system. For the girls the bathroom is rich dark wood, luxurious wallpaper and scales.The bed was perfect, the linen was heavy, complimentary apples and water were also offered.The 7th floor health club was fantastic. Mrs Pippsyo joked that it was better equipped than her regular gym, everything is new, there's plenty of all the machines + there's plenty of the softer stuff too - mats and balls and so on. The 25m indoor lap pool was heated to 82 degrees and was a real pleaure as it was empty. The lady looking after the place was kind and helpful.We didn't eat there but the hotel has a couple of nice lounge areas to hang out. The large room has the most extraordinary collection of fossils in a couple of big glass cabinets. And there are some really nice touches. Whenever you head towards a door - the exterior door or a lift door - it's always ready. The staff have a remote controlled thing to get the doors ready for you. It's obviously unecessary but really fun. The concierge was helpful, the internet worked fine. The hotel was wonderful and no doubt influenced us - we'd really love to return to Chicago and to the Hyatt.	
Jul 3 2009 	Modern Luxury	I love this hotel! From the mod stationary to the fabulous location this hotel is sophisticated without being stuffy. Quality furnishings in the room, wonderful staff and good amenities like candles, scented salts and matches placed by the side of the large jacuzzi tub. I've stayed here about 5 times now and each of the stays have been good. If you're a Hyatt Gold Passport member this is THE place to use your FFN or stays.	
Jun 15 2009 	Wonderful Stay	I stayed at Park Hyatt for one free night and it was the most wonderful stay! In the past year I have stayed at so many different hotel chains and I must admit this was by far the best. One would expect that because the room was free you would not receive such good service but not at Park Hyatt, the staff was great. This includes a young lady coming to our door asking if we needed any ice! Never has that happened. The restaurant/bar offers great service and light fare if that is what you need. Hilton, you have some work to do! Oh let me not forget I asked for a late check-out fully expecting I would pay a fee but was told &quot;no problem&quot; and no fee!!	
May 27 2009 	Great Location Good Room Poor Service	We chose the PH for it's reputation, location and prior experience with the chain for a family weekend stay.Check in was quick and we were in the rooms fairly quickly. The room sizes were large and we had a beautiful view of the Water Tower. Our complaint was with the service. We have always found the Concierge service at PH (and other top tier hotels) to be one of the key ingredients for a successful vacation. We were disappointed repeatedly in this case. We felt that the knowledge and suggestions of concierges were either poorly informed or just plain bad. This was in reference to restaurants and sightseeing.Also, when calling for any sort of help (wake up call, room service, etc), the phone often rang several times with no answer. We can accept these sorts of things at lower rated or cheaper hotels, but for the money, this was just plain disappointing.	
Apr 28 2009 	Once again...outstanding.	My third stay at this property and definitely not my last. Computer glitch in booking process was honored (via phone confirmation) prior to my arrival. Upon arrival, they did not have any availability for the type of room stated on my pre-printed confirmation so they upgraded me...to their absolutely amazing and gorgeous Lake Suite, in all of it's 1400 square feet glory. When I walked into the room, I was speechless. The upgrade aside, the staff and service are always unmatched here. The views are stunning, especially those facing east, the property and furnishings beautifully understated without feeling too minimalist. Most likely will be the best stay in any hotel, ever for me. Thank you to the staff at the Park Hyatt for an even more memorable time than my last stay!	
Apr 26 2009 	Loved the Hotel and location	Location, amenities, and service were all just excellent.I stay here again and again.	
Feb 23 2009 	Sensational hotel...	Perhaps the best location in Chicago. Elegant, tasteful, warm and friendly staff. The hotel blends warm wood tones with ultra contemporary and succeeds. The bathroom was luxurious as was the rest of the room. It had been many years since I stayed at this hotel, will always now make it my first choice to check when returning to Chicago.	
Feb 17 2009 	Outstanding Location and GREAT Value!	We stayed at the Park Hyatt for Valentine's weekend and were very impressed. We usually stay at the Westin, but found the price at Park Hyatt was very reasonable. Infact, the only thing the Westin had left (we booked on February 11th) was a room with two double beds for roughly the same price. This surprised us as we had tried to stay at the Park Hyatt several times and couldn't book anything under $400/night. The room was wonderful, overlooking the old Water Tower on the 11th floor. There is an enormous soaking tub and separate shower. The hotel is very quiet and the service was impressive. The dining room is spectacular (NoMi), but be prepared to pay dearly. Our dinner cost more than our room for one night! Yikes! But it was worth it. The concierge managed to find us an open table at Zealous, the next night, Valentine's Day. which is a great local restaurant. My husband liked the fitness center and there's free internet access stations off the lobby. We would definitely go back again.	
Feb 10 2009	Great Hotel	This is a very nice hotel with great service. I stayed here with my family for a weekend getaway. Every staff member we encountered was friendly and helpful. They were very customer service oriented. We had a room with a view of the Water Tower and Lake Michigan. Terrific view. The room was clean and comfortable. The bathroom was large and the separate walk-in shower was a nice feature.The gym/workout room was as good as any I've seen in a hotel. It also included free weights which I rarely encounter in hotels. The pool was large and kept at a comfortable temperature. The steam room was also nice.The location of the hotel can't be beat. It is at the far north end of Michigan Ave. close to Water Tower. It is convenient to shopping and lots of great restaurants.Finally, my family loved the hot chocolate in the lobby on a cold January day. A nice touch.I would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 13 2009	Serenity in a Bustling City	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Park Hyatt Chicago and would certainly return again (in fact, we are in late January). Although the room was not huge, the furnishings were top notch (the bed was amazing) and the bathroom was large and luxurious, with a jumbo bathtub (separated from the bedroom by a sliding door), separate shower and spacious, double vanity with granite countertops. One nice touch was a bowl of apples placed in the room upon arrival (all were eaten) and free bottles of water during turndown. Great for a romantic getaway (our purpose), but we're certain a business person would be equally satisfied. The lobby and public spaces provided an oasis from the busy Michigan Avenue just outside the door. Great location!	
Nov 15 2008 	Best in Chicago	The Park Hyatt Chicago is the best in Chicago. We have stayed at twice at this property and prefer it over the Peninsula. It has a very modern, intimate feel. The location is perfect just off Michigan Avenue and be sure to get a room with a view of Water Tower and the Lake. The staff is great and the restaurant is superb. Having booked through the American Express Fine Hotels Resorts program, the included amenities are fantastic. Room: We stayed in a Park View King. The room was modern and has a great window seat overlooking Water Tower, Michigan Avenue, and the Lake in the distance. Rooms are nicely furnished and very relaxing. Restaurant: Food is great, including breakfast and dinner. The Nomi Lounge is also perfect for a smaller meal and excellent wine. The service at the outdoor terrace restaurant (when open) is a bit slow and not up to par with the inside restaurant and lounge.We will always plan to stay at this great property every time we are in Chicago.	
Nov 11 2008 	One of the very best in Chicago!	The Park Hyatt was a delightful experience, and one of the best hotel stays we have had in Chicago in the past 5 years.The location just off Watertower Park is perfect for a shopper or for a romantic getaway.Excellent security at this hotel was illustrated by the staff when I was asked &quot;would you liked to be escorted to your room&quot; as I returned to the hotel alone in the evening after a hot chcolate run to Girradelli's down the blockThis hotel gets A+ for their friendly staff at the front door, the front desk and housekeeping!An imaculate spacious beautifully decorated room with ammenities that surprised me (a bowl of fresh glowing apples, scented candles next to the soaking tub, thick fluffy towels, plush bathrobes, a COMPLIMENTARY bottle of water on each night stand, and free internet WIFI)Little things like a shoe polishing machine in the closet, a good quality iron and board, an extensive selection of television channels, including foreign language stations, and a wonderful peaceful sense throughout the property.I am adding photos to illustrate my rave review, and I hope we have a chance to return soon.	
Nov 11 2008 	Fanfastic Hotel!	We stayed here for 4 nights on the last leg of our honeymoon and boy what a stay beautiful hotel in the best location! - reception staff were fab and on our second night we we very surprised to come back to our room to a bottle of sparkles and strawberries room was fab I couldnt say enough good things about this hotel!!	
Nov 8 2008 	Great Stay Downtown	This was my second experience in a Park Hyatt and it was well worth it. The staff were so professional and the rooms were exquisitely decorated. The location is superb - right on Michigan Avenue near the Magnificent Mile. Definitely would recommend this hotel	
Oct 25 2008	Highly Recommended	I have stayed in Hyatts across the US and Europe. I have generally found the Park Hyatt's to be the best of the chain. This Hotel lives up to that expectation. Centrally located near the water Tower off Michigan Ave it comes with a very high standard of service. The rooms are well appointed and very comfortable, although I would guess they are coming towards the end of their life cycle. However they are far from shabby and have many nice touches like candles in the bathroom and abundance of toiletries, dvd player etc.Downside is that it is expensive but what you expect considering its location and standard of service.	
Sep 13 2008 	Great Location	We stayed at the Park Hyatt in August for 3nights. It was my second time in Chicago so I knew where the Hotel was located. Its right accross the street from the Watertower mall and the Hancock Tower and only about 5min walk from the lake.The Hotel itself is lovely, and the staff friendly. It has a very serene feel to it, and you hardly see another guest..even waiting for the lift! We didn't eat or drink in the Hotel so can't comment on that. There are so many great restuarants located close by.We had a room on the 16th floor which was a corner room so lots of light from all the windows. The bathroom was huge..as big as some rooms I've stayed in. It had a huge walk in shower and a large bath big enough for 2 with 2 large windows also a small tv on the wall which you could see from the bath! Overall we both really enjoyed our stay here and would definately stay again if it is within budget as it can be quite pricey!	
Sep 10 2008 	Couldn't have been any better!	I stayed at the Park Hyatt for one night about two weeks ago. From the moment I arrived, I was struck by the attention to detail and customer service. For example, the woman behind the desk walked me to the elevator after having handed me my key. As I left, the desk clerk offered to print my airline boarding pass. The room itself was beautiful, with complimentary water and fruit available. A mini bar contained other beverages, and gorgeous robes were hung in the closet. The hotel was very quiet, though there is traffic noise, due only to the location.I called the concierge with a question about getting to the airport, and they could not have been more helpful.I'd recommend this hotel without hesitation.	
Aug 25 2008 	Will select the Park Hyatt Chicago again	Wanted to extend a business trip and did not want to stay at the convention hotel. So, I choose the Park Hyatt.This property has an excellant location - and the staff - were there to assist you - from the bell men to the Front Desk to the housekeeping staff..Room rates are on the high side -- but if you want Chicago's best, stay at the Chicago Park Hyatt.	
Aug 23 2008 	Horrible Service all talk no action. ROOMS NEED RENOVATION	I will never stay at this hotel again. It was a perfect stay until they kept charging my credit card over and over again for my stay. With in two days after my departure this hyatt charge my credit card 8 times for one bill. I am still waiting for a refund. As a hyatt gold passport diamond member I would expect better service. ADVOID THIS HOTEL!	
Aug 18 2008 	Surprisingly Good	I was on a trip to Chicago to visit family and friends when I decided that staying out in the suburbs with the folks just wasn't going to cut it. So I called my travel agent during the drive to the city and we had a room booked in no time. About 20 minutes after I got off the phone with my travel agent (yes, I had a handsfree unit on) I pulled up to the hotel.The chic and contemporary interior isn't really my style but it's exactly what I expected. What wasn't expected was the high level of customer service. As I walked up to the front desk, I mentioned to the lady checking me in that I had just made the reservation. She responded by saying, &quot;Mr. X, we've been expecting you&quot; (real names have been replaced to protect the innocent).The staff member was very courteous and quite helpful.The room was nice and very comfortable however not in the style of my preference (too contemporary for me). The soaking tub is GREAT. Other than the choice of decor, I really enjoyed the room. I just wish it were brighter and had more natural light.The best part of my stay were my encounters with security and the door men. They are so nice! I was only there for 2 nights and yet they knew my name! I stayed at the Peninsula Chicago for a week and no one there bothered to remember my name! And it wasn't just that they remembered my name... while staying in the hotel, I would wake up early and head back to my folks' house in the suburbs. Now remember, I only stayed at the Park Hyatt for 2 nights. The first morning I left for my parents I had brought the complimentary newspaper left on my door and a cup of coffee down with me for the drive. The next morning i was a bit disappointed that there was no paper on my door but I chalked it up to me being up so early. So I went down to grab the car and head out to my parents. While I was waiting for my car to be pulled around, one of the doormen offered me a cup of coffee and to my surprise, the aforementioned missing paper was on the passenger seat of my car. It was a great touch and the reason I'll probably be picking the Park Hyatt over the Peninsula Chicago whenever I'm in town.	
Jul 30 2008 	Very nice hotel but a few small problems	Our family (two girls 10 and 13) went on a quick trip to Chicago and spent one night at the Park Hyatt. I booked a Park View room with the AAA discount which includes breakfast. There are plenty of workers to help you as you pull up and get your luggage. They ask your name and escort you to the front desk where they tell that worker who you are.  I was thinking that we might want to upgrade to a suite since I wasn't too happy about sleeping in double beds so I inquired at the front desk if one was available. I would have booked this earlier but how many people could occupy each suite was very unclear on the website and I even called to ask but that person was not any more helpful about whether we could all fit (or if rollaways are allowed). I was told that no suites were available at the front desk but was given a complimentary second room that connected to the other room! The only little problem with this arrangement was that we had no view. But having two king size beds and two bathrooms was great!As mentioned by other reviewers, the rooms are very nice. My husband LOVED the chair in the room it was so comfortable! The baths were big enough for two so my crazy two daughters put on their swim suits and had fun with the bubble bath that was kindly given to us along with an American Girl doll bed when a worker saw my younger daughter carrying an AG doll in the lobby!Other perks were complimentary movies (although they are quite old) and free apples and water. However, there were a bunch of other munchies near the water with no note to suggest whether these were also complimentary or not. I think anything that has a cost should be listed on a sheet. Anyway, I found out that all those snacks are not free. The housekeeper ended up putting the waters next to the bed during turndown but I would have preferred some chocolates. Oh well!Another problem is the firehouse station being so close. Yes, I don't enjoy hearing loud sirens at all hours of the night, and I am a sound sleeper. However, the hotel is located near all the best shopping so can't complain about that at all. The AG place is right across the street.The other perks of the hotel such as the butler service and use of a car are mentioned in their website but not freely offered once you arrive at the hotel. Maybe the info is burried away in some book in a desk but I think the front desk should inform guests directly of these perks. Another slight annoyance is that it is unclear how breakfast is included in your rate. What I mean is that we were supposed to have breakfast as part of our package but we didnt receive any vouchers or info on how to make sure you aren't charged for the food. In such a nice place, it feels awkward to have to ask when you receive your bill for the full amount. However I did ask and was told it would be deducted later. It hasn't shown up on our bill yet but I would think at least our tip would...I would prefer that the front desk would explain when you check in how the package works so you don't have to feel foolish asking. And I did call down to the front desk right before going to eat and was told I would just have to give them my room number. That wasn't quite how it worked.Lastly, the pool bottom looks very dirty. My two daughters decided they would rather not swim in it. They provide free water in your car as we discovered after leaving in our cup holders with a note to drive safely. That was nice!Hope this info helps someone.	
Jul 27 2008 	Wonderful hotel staff unattentive and stuffy	My wife and I have stayed at the Park Hyatt several times. On prior visits to Chicago we stayed at the Ritz., a great property also. The Park Hyatt is a magnificent, beautiful and very up to date hotel. The staff however still seems to make an effort to be stand-offish and cool. Front door service and attitude were very good. Front desk and restaurant personell, however leave you feeling less than welcome. We stay at many high end hotels and the Park Hyatt staff remains the most unfriendly. Unfortunate, because we thoroughly enjoy this hotel.	
Jul 25 2008 	Park Hyatt == true luxury	Have always wanted to stay at the Park Hyatt, but have usually found the rates to be just a bit above my limits, so was excited to get a rate in my league. We usually stay at the Drake, and have always had a great experience there, but the PH is most definitely a step up!I assume our room was the least expensive available, as there was no view. But the room was awesome. Huge marble tiled bathroom with separate shower/soaking tub. Bed beyond comfortable. Quietest room I've ever been in.Service was, for the most part, great. Everyone addresses you by name, very friendly, etc. A couple glitches, the room is advertised as having a coffeemaker, but did not have one. When we ordered breakfast from room service, they asked for how many persons the breakfast was for, yet only sent up one coffee cup even though we indicated the meal was for two. Quickly remedied in any event.Location is perfect, cannot ask for better.Pool, very nice, especially if you actually like to swim laps. Hot tub was a few degrees too warm, which was disappointing. Shower/locker room facilities were wonderful.If I can afford it again, will certainly choose the Chicago Park Hyatt!	
Jul 20 2008 	Gorgeous Spotless Hotel	If we are in Chicago again we will definitely not hesitate to stay at this hotel. It is unbelievably quiet &amp; very clean. Each &amp; every member of the staff we fastidious &amp; polite. We took advantage of the use of the house town car twice which is not only a savings but more comfortable than taking a taxi. We ate at Nomi for breakfast every day as this was included in our stay. The food was as good as the best breakfasts we have ever had in our travels. Had cocktails out on the patio of the restaurant one afternoon which was very relaxing. I can't express how attentive the wait staff &amp; hotel staff were during our entire stay. Everyone working the concierge desk was very helpful. The location is perfect &amp; in walking distance of many attractions. And did I say CLEAN, CLEAN, CLEAN..which is a big pet peeve of mine. I never got to meet the manager but hats off to him for developing &amp; training a fine staff!	
Jul 10 2008 	probably the best place to stay in Chicago	I have just returned from a stay at the Park Hyatt. The hotel is stylish and luxurious, the service could not be more attentive. You feel save at night. The beds are beyond all description and it is not easy to stand up and leave the room in the morning. We had dinner and breakfast at Nomi. The restaurant offers absolutely stunning views and an elegant atmosphere. The location is unbeatable: in the middle of everything. Stay there and escape from everyday reality.	
Jun 22 2008 	Impeccable comfortable stay	Bad reviews are much more fun to write and to read, but I cannot stop gushing about my recent experience staying the Park Hyatt. First, the every member of the hotel staff that I encountered was helpful, curteous, and a downright joy. The service at the hotel, as might be expected, was impeccable -- solicitous and kind but low-key and never in your face. The rooms are large and beautifully appointed. I had a room with a huge bathroom that was separated by a partition from the bedroom. If you saw my review of the W Lakeshore, you'll know how a design like this can go terribly wrong, but at the Park Hyatt, everything is perfectly and tastefully executed. I loved soaking in that huge tub (loved the touch of the bath salts and the candles) and almost wept at the thought that I had to leave to go back to my bathroom at home (which, while nice, doesn't have the view or the huge tub). The food at the hotel's restaurant, NoMI is not out of this world spectacular but the breakfasts are wonderful (especially if they are included in your room package). The view through the restaurant's huge windows are enough to make you glad to have woken up at 7a.m. and the house-made granola made me come back for more. I also loved the touch of the sea salt and pepper varieties (3 each) provided on the table -- my companions, spice lovers all, could not get enough of the lava salt. I must also say that the pool area is lovely (as an early morning swimmer, I appreciated the large workout area and the three lap lanes, complete with flippers and kick boards). The hotel is certainly on the pricey side but compared to other hotels and what they are charging the price is at least understandable (you feel that you are getting quite a bang for your buck). This hotel caters to the guest's every whim and need and staff's efforts on my behalf alone cannot be extolled enough. Thank you, Park Hyatt, for a lovely, relaxing and special weekend!	
Jun 19 2008 	Utterly amazing experience!	I changed my reservation to the Park Hyatt Chicago from the Renaissance (A Marriott hotel) after reading the rave reviews on Tripadvisor. I was not disappointed. The entire experience was unbelievable. While it was pricey, it was worth every penny for the room and service. If you want spacious, well-kept, luxurious accomodations with impeccable service you will find it here. The location, right on the Magnificent Mile also makes this the ideal choice for staying in Chicago. I walked to the Loop (Art Institute, Oriental Theatre, Millenium Park, etc.) everyday and of course, you are close to all of the best shopping.When I arrived, the bellhop greeted me, took my luggage, and escorted me to the front desk. He then took my bag upstairs and gave me a tour of my room, explaining all of the features and complimentary items. I was speechless from this kind of service! They even greeted me by name when I returned to the hotel that evening. The Park King Room looked just as amazing as it did in the hotel website photos (really!). It was a posh 550 square feet of contemporary asian design. The room overlooked Water Tower place-get one of these rooms if you can. Half of the room was the bathroom which included a glass inclosed walk-in shower, WC, sink, and luxurious soaking tub with complimentary bath salts and candles. I took two baths while there and it was soooo relaxing. It was the little touches like that that made this hotel special. There was even a lint brush in the closet and complimentary bottles of spring water and apples!If your worried about sleep, don't be. The bed was so comfortable I hardly used the two chairs in the room. There is a fire station down the street and the sirens woke me up a few times the first night. After that I got used to it (you have to in a big city) and it did not bother me. No slamming doors or noisy guests on my floor and can't imagine that there would ever be at this hotel.I had breakfast each morning in NoMi and the service was impeccable. They knew just when to refill your cup of coffee or leave you be. I felt like a could linger as long as I liked, and read my complimentary New York Times while overlooking the Water Tower. I also ordered room service two of the nights I was there. Usually room service is acceptable, but not here. It was amazing! My meals arrived within 30 mintues both nights and the staff was so personable. The food, from NoMi was quite good.- Try the fries with spicy mayonnaise, the tomato panzanella salad, the raspberry macaroon with ice cream and the refined tea list. There was a mix-up with room service one of the nights, but the prompt apology and correction of the mistake by the staff made me love this place even more!The swimming pool was one of the hotels best features. Finally-a LAP pool for adults! I get sick of pools full of children, but except for one night, the pool was kid free. The three, 25-yd lanes were perfect for getting a swimming workout. The changing rooms were definitely the nicest I have ever seen. Showers with complimentary amenities, lockers, robes/slippers, steam room, etc. really made the place nice. The whirlpool and fitness room were also gorgeous and the large windows overlooking the city opened up the place. Even though I didn't use the fitness room, I can say that the complimentary fruit-flavored ice water was refreshing!Housekeeping was prompt and made sure everything looked wonderful before I returned for the day. You actually get TWO housekeeping calls a day and one of them is REAL turndown service (shades down, music turned on, covers folded over, etc). If I haven't said enough about the staff, the parking valets were gracious and overly helpful. I would give this hotel five stars if it were up to me!	
Jun 7 2008 	Disappointing start but improved	We decided to splash out on the Hyatt based on TA reviews.Booked on hotel website in advance and only by chance on checking days before arrival saw the name of our room type had changed &amp; it was $115 dollars per night (inc tax) cheaper. Rang and got it changed easily, but reckon others got cheated.On unpacking we discovered the stereo didn't work, the bathroom door handle was falling off with screws sticking out and the toilet did not flush properly. moved us to another room but had no bath, so had to move again! Very helpful doorman Joe, but 5 star,no.Sat in busy bar first night and were pretty much ignored by staff.However asst manager did come and find us to apologise for room problems, a bottle of wine was sent to our room gratis.We had dinner at Nomi, food was average, cold for some portions, waiter was polite but absolutely no finesse, could have been working in a caff. And the maitred' looked down his nose at us,arms folded and spoke totally disinterestedly to us. We had an exquisite meal with great service at Spiaggia ,italian restaurant.One day got back from breakfast to find room cleaning in full swing, (we were not checking out)The good news; we have a sense of humour. The beds are the most amazingly comfortable we'd slept in, sheets exquisite.The bath tub enormous and relaxing. The view onto the water with a window seat fabulous. The location perfect. Breakfast was fantastic, good choice, great view, attentive and pleasant staff, leisurely and quiet, exceeded our expectations. On check out ,asst manager knocked a bar bill off to acknowledge our bad start a gesture we appreciated but truthfully would rather have got the service we had so looked forward to.Would we stay there again? Probably!	
Jun 2 2008 	Intimate Luxurious Hotel	The Park Hyatt is fantastic for anyone looking to relax and experience what Chicago has to offer for upscale travelers. It’s right on Michigan, central to shopping as well as dining on Rush Street. The hotel is very chic and modern, with a small lobby and very quiet guest areas. The rooms are fantastic, with unobstructed views of Lake Michigan and extremely comfortable beds. Bathroom has great view as well, with huge tub and great glass shower. NoMI is a must- on the 7th level with a wonderful outdoor patio as well as a formal dining room that leans out over Water Tower Place. Sunday brunch buffet is worth it. Hotel has limited business amenities, as well as Spa services; I would recommend it primarily for leisure travelers who are looking to spend most of their time enjoying Chicago.	
May 20 2008	Loved it	Excellent! The pizza we ordered through room service was good but we were not used to the Chicago style. We were thankful we were able to get a room here after a long day.	
May 19 2008	Disappointing Wedding Anniversary	My husband and I planned a four-day trip to Chicago to celebrate our wedding anniversary. After researching a number of properties, we chose the Park Hyatt Chicago.Upon arrival, the front desk staff was very pleasant, greeting us by name and offering us a complimentary tea service. Nice touch. But that's where the personal attention ended. After the first day, none of the staff seemed to remember our names. The doorman could rarely be found to open the door, and the tea service, which we planned to make a nightly ritual, was not offered again. Two of the four nights we did not receive turn down service, and when we requested that the water in our room be replenished it took house staff 45 minutes to bring up two bottles of water. To my disappointment, though it was noted in our reservation itinerary, not one staff member could muster a &quot;happy anniversary&quot;. In fact, our anniversary was not acknowledged in any way by the hotel. We are well traveled and have received much more personal service from supposedly lesser properties. The location pf the Park Hyatt Chicago is excellent - right on the Magnificent Mile - and the view from our room could not have been better. But if you are looking for personalized service and a special experience you might want to look elsewhere. For us, the Park Hyatt did not deliver.	
May 17 2008 	Great Hotel So-So Service	I stayed at the Park Hyatt last week on May 14th. I came in town to visit friends and we stayed at the Park Hyatt.I requested early check-in and was able to get into my hotel at 9am after my early morning flight arrival. Thank you Park Hyatt. It was wonderful to be able to relax and freshen up after getting up at 4am.My room had a beautiful view of the lake, great bathroom and comfortable beds.The bell service and security at the hotel were amazing. They did their job very well and were always friendly.The downside to the hotel which is keeping me from rating it as excellent is the front desk service and the early close of the restaurant NoMi. I felt as if the front desk didn't want to help. I left my phone charger at home and they said they could provide a charger. After waiting an hour, I got a call saying they didn't have a Motorola charger. What? That is one of the most common chargers and they didn't have one? The 2nd instance was my request to print out my boarding pass the next morning. I called down around 7:30am and asked if they could print out the boarding pass and was told absolutely. 30 minutes later I get a call saying their internet is down. I asked if they could keep trying. 3 hours later when I checked out, they still had not printed out the boarding pass and were able to do it while I was standing at the front desk. The desk clerk that I spoke to on the phone 3 hours earlier had a hard time looking me in they eye and therefore I believe purposely did not think it was worth her time to print out the pass. I was stuck on the 2nd to last row in the middle seat between 2 large men. My trip home was awful to say the least.I recommend the Park Hyatt, but be wary of the front desk service.	
May 13 2008 	You will be so SPOILED after this experience!	I cannot find any negative or inadequate thing about this hotel. I am always travelling on business, and never have I stayed at a property that exceeded my expectation at all levels as this place did. From the moment you walk in you get special personalized service from the staff. The lobby is spectacular (check out the art collection as it is pretty amazing), the checkin painless. The rooms are to die for. They are bright, clean, stylish and very functional. The bed and pillows were so amazing I wanted to sleep more than ever. The Eames chair, the huge tub and the fixtures are out of a decor magazine. The bathroom opens up into the room and you can enjoy a bath while watching TV or looking out the window! They give complementary shoe shines and pressing nightly. The staff know exactly how to give a combination of superb service and give you personal space. Nomi, the restaurant is amazing (esp. breakfast!) and has a gorgeous view of Michigan Ave. And the location can't be beat - right in the heart of the most gorgeous area of Chicago...shop 'till you drop!	
May 9 2008 	Happy 50th at the Park Hyatt	My wife surprised me for my 50th birthday with a weekend in Chicago. When she told me where we were staying, I knew about the Park Hyatt's reputation and was not disappointed. The location alone makes it a great headquarters for exploring the best Chicago has to offer. The level of service, quality of the room and amenities makes this a can't miss experience if you are willing/able to splurge. The view from the 15th floor looked east down Chicago Ave. with a view of Lake Michigan and the original water works just below the room. We had cocktails and appetizers at Nomi, the hotel's lounge/restaurant. Service was great as were the food and drinks. Good wine list. Casual seating in the lounge on couches and comfortable chairs made for a relaxing experience. We didn't use the free exercise facility, but did take a look. One of the best you'll find outside of resorts and spas that specialize in fitness. The marble bathroom with large shower and private toilet was nice. My wife would have liked better lighting, so a lighted makeup mirror might be in order. There is also a small TV above the mirror. The room features a pillow top mattress, (pretty standard at most of the nicer establishments) flat screen TV with DVD player (DVD movies are complimentary and available at front desk) and the most comfortable leather lounge chair I've used in a hotel. The lighting is mostly recessed, good for creating a relaxed or romantic atmosphere. On a good weather day and with enough energy you can walk almost anywhere you might want to explore on the Magnificent Mile or lakefront. There are many fine hotels in the immediate area, but if you can spring for it, the Park Hyatt is a good choice.	
May 5 2008	Loved our Getaway	Just returned for a three night stay at the Park Hyatt. My husband and I went away for a weekend sans kids and loved our stay. This was our first trip to Chicago and I did much research on hotels. I chose this one because of TripAdvisor recommendations and I'm a Hyatt Gold Passport member.Our request for a high floor was honored by the hotel and we had a water view of Lake Michigan. I was disappointed that our room did not have the opening between the bathroom and bedroom that was advertised on the website but it did not spoil our trip. The concierge was extremely helpful and provided some nice dinner suggestions. You must try Cafe Spiaggia. Absolutely the best meal we've ever had. Wonderful!I would recommend this hotel and it is a great location. Convenient to all the shopping. I would also recommend the Chicago Architecture Boat Tour. It was a great 1 1/2 hour boat ride on the Chicago River that really showed the great architecture of the city.The only negative I would have was the carpet was in need of cleaning. For the cost of the rooms I felt the carpet could have been newer or at least clean. It showed wear and tear and many spots. Overall the rest of the room was great.	
Mar 9 2008	My new favorite hotel in Chicago!	I usually stay at the Sofitel Water Tower, but at the suggestion of a Chicagoan friend, stayed here. It was fabulous! Definitely will return. Same for my cousin, who lives large &amp; usually stays at the Peninsula. We were both completely bowled over by the level of service. Spotlessly clean, beds &amp; bedding that were divine, phenomenal view &amp; location, quiet, a comfy reading chair, free wireless, a great bath tub for soaking, choice of morning newspaper, superb staff &amp; quick room service. The hotel restaurant, Nomi, is sophisticated &amp; pricey but outstanding. Honest, I don't usually use so many superlatives &amp; I am not a plant. I simply could find no fault here. It was worth every penny.	
Mar 6 2008 	Park Hyatt Chicago is the tip-top	This review is a little late but now that I'm planning another trip I'm remembering just how great my stay at the Park Hyatt Chicago was. My boyfriend and I went to Chicago for a weekend get-a-away. I did quite a bit of research as to where to stay and made multiple reservations - The Peninsula, W. However, all reviews of the Park Hyatt were positive and from the photos on their Web site, it looked spectacular.Everything went well on the trip. From the moment we arrived at the hotel, the staff was the epitome of professionalism. Our room was ready at 12:30 pm and our check-in was swift. The room met all expectations - it was roomy, on an upper-floor, with a stunning view of Water Tower Place and Lake Michigan. The best part of the room was the bathroom - spectacular. The soaking tub with the sliding doors providing a view to the city was heaven, especially at night. The facilities (gym, pool and whirlpool) were great. We lucked out because most of the time we were there, nobody was using them, so it felt like our own private gym and pool. We didn't eat at the restaurant, Nomi, but it looked lovely and it was crowed. We did have drinks and light fare one night at the lounge and it was great. The food was delicious and the atmosphere delightful. As for the location, you can't beat it. You are literally at the center of everything. I went to see the The Peninsula next door. I chose the Park Hyatt because it was cheaper. From what I saw, it was not worth the extra money and I was glad that I chose the Park Hyatt. All in all, the hotel is tip-top. I highly recommend it and will be returning.	
Mar 3 2008 	Park Hyatt is a cool hotel	My 18 year old daughter and I stayed 4 nights Feb. 21-25, 2008 at the Park Hyatt , Chicago. The location was great-we had a view out the bathroom window of the American Girl store and Ralph Lauren store(a great lunch!) A view of the charming Water Tower too. We booked directly thru the hotel because all booking sites said there were no rooms avail. We paid $415 first nite, $373 next 3 nites-AAA rate. I couldn't believe hotel costs in the middle of Feb.!! More than we pd. in NYC last summer! As a comparison, Ritz Carlton was $495 per nite. Don't forget the 15% tax! The Hyatt did have very nice bathrooms; dbl sinks, huge tub with candles provided, separate toilet room, lots of fluffy towels, robes. We were on the 5th floor which was quite noisy. We learned that the firehouse was a block away. Yikes! A siren all the time! Maybe a higher floor?The lobby is chic and dark-a good lobby for celebrities to sneak into. The staff is attentive. Some more negatives; The room did not have black-out curtains in lieu of cooler, more modern shades???The TV was not a flat screen, but was encased in a mod cabinet???Location, location, location-that's the justification for the price?	
Jan 29 2008 	Beautiful Hotel...	this review is late late late....but, looking back, it was a wonderful stay. Very elegant hotel, deserving of it's 5 star status. LOVED the soaking tub as well as the spacious marble bathroom..it could be very romantic for a couple looking to spend some quality time together! The spa (Tiffany Kim) is nice ..good facials..but for a more &quot;true&quot; spa experience, try Tiffany Kim's flagship spa on W. Superior. Oh...the beds are comfy...but there's just something about the beds at Sofitel, that are simply plush, cozy and amazing!!!Have a great trip...wish i were there now!	
Dec 29 2007 	Great Hotel - Great Location	The Park Hyatt in Chicago is a beautiful hotel in the BEST location in the city. Overlooking the historical water tower right in the heartof the Miracle Mile - right next to the best bars and restaurants. Theservice is great and the staff very friendly. Our view was of the water tower with the lake in the background on both of our stays. RoomService is very good too - and while it is expensive - it's not as crazy as some other 5 star hotels I've stayed at.	
Dec 26 2007	No boughs of holly...	While The Peninsula and the Intercontinental &quot;decked the halls&quot;, the Park Hyatt's holiday decor was minimal at best...practically non existent. As a receptionist explained, &quot;It was at the owner's discretion and decision.&quot; It was our single greatest disappointment. Otherwise, the hotel was very nice. We had a problem with a noisy family next door our first day and managment immediately moved us to a higher, much quieter location.From our window seat and bird's eye view on the 18th floor we watched the shopper's below on Michigan Avenue. Michigan Avenue itself made up for the lack of holiday decorations in the hotel lobby.The Park Hyatt's central location by the Water Tower could not have been more perfect for access to shopping, restaurants, theatres and Holy Name Cathedral.While the room was very nice and comfortable, (What other hotel would dare use WHITE bed linens AND comforters?) for the price, I noticed a few &quot;little things&quot;. Towels were worn and tired. Although I asked for face cloths, only hand towels were delivered. Wash cloths seemed to be scarce.The bathroom was huge with separate shower and a soaking tub with a small TV above the sink. But, there was no decent lighting for applying makeup. The granite vanity in front of the window would have been perfect, but the bathroom was just too dark even with the blind open. While most 5 star hotels have added LCD or plasma TVs, the Park Hyatt still has dated flat screens. Overalll, though, we enjoyed our stay. Managment and the concierge could not have been more helpful and pleasant. I just wish there had been just a little more fa la la la la.	
Dec 13 2007	Wonderful stay at the Park Hyatt Chicago	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Park Hyatt last weekend (12/8/07) for his 40th birthday. I had researched hotels quite a bit before our trip and am very happy that I chose the Park Hyatt over the Peninsula. (We did have a drink in the Peninsula lobby. Lovely hotel, but a little too traditionally decorated for my taste.)When I made the Park Hyatt reservation, I requested a lake view. Once we were there, however, they said all the lake views were &quot;committed.&quot; I decided to at least take a look at the city view, but once we got to the room, I did not like the city view at all.I called the front desk. They looked into it, apologized profusely and found a room with a lake view on the 18th floor that would be ready in about 20 minutes. They sent the bellman up for our bags, and he escorted us to the library just off the lobby, where we were served complimentary champagne. Our new room was ready about 10 minutes later. Not only did it have a beautiful lake view, but it was a corner room, so we had windows on two sides. Fantastic!The hotel was beautiful, and the staff was very gracious. We will definitely stay there again.	
Sep 23 2007 	Great hotel in a nice location	The limodriver from the hotel met me at the airport. The drive into the city and the check in was very smooth. I had ordered wine and charcuteries to be in my room at 15.00 when I checked in. It came after an hour and after two reminders.The room had a terrace facing watertower place. It was nice weather and great to spend some time at the terrace. The room was great and the bed fantastic as was the bathroom. There was only one door facing the daylight and I thought the room was a bit dark.The maid who cleaned my room was very nice and helpful.I was disappointed with NoomI restaurant. Not so much choice for breakfast. Sashimi not perfect. For dinner I wanted a glass of champagne - the sommelier poured my glass and then said - what do You think? I think it is totally without bubbles....was my reply.I guess You are right he said, I will open a new bottle for You. A perfect thing to do but in a 5 star restaurant this should never happen as the waiters should always check the condition of what they serve. An italian restaurant nearby - the Rosebud gave much better service at a more normal price.	
Sep 19 2007	Outstanding	I used Hyatt points for my weekend stay and as usual, this Park Hyatt did not disappoint. Stylish lobby, stylish rooms, just STYLISH.Service, as with any PH, was flawless. From the spa to room service to check-in.I've stayed here twice, both time while not living in Chicago (I live here now). Once was a Corner Suite and it was massive. The next time I was in a standard room. Both times were amazing and I cannot say enough.I wish this review had more detail but in all honesty, if you're thinking about it, do it. You will not regret it. It's much more stylish (there's that word again) then The Pen and you'll feel very Armani in the place.Enjoy.	
Aug 27 2007 	Stylish hotel in a great location	I stayed at the Park Hyatt for two nights on business. Although a little more expensive than the other nearby chains, it was well worth it (and they offer a AAA discount).The room was good sized (I had the least expensive room), very clean, and very smartly laid out. Separate tub and shower, quiet, and comfortable.The hotel is just a block from great shopping and a short cab ride to almost everything else. I would definitely stay here again.It's not quite to the level of a great Four Seasons (i.e. San Fransisco or Hawaii), but a very classy nice hotel and not nearly as $$$.	
Aug 24 2007 	Excellent for my second stay	I stayed at the Park Hyatt Chicago for two days - (Sunday, August 19 - Tuesday, August 21). I had originally booked a Terrace room, but it was overcast and rainy, so I took a Grand Deluxe 1 king on the 18th floor (this is the top floor of the hotel; all higher floors are condos).This is such a marvelous hotel. The location can't be beat, and everyone seems so very eager to help. I ordered room service twice during my stay, requested one of the complimentary DVD's from the library, had a couple of items fetched from my car (all cars are valet parked, and the guest does not have access to this garage as far as I know) and all requests were handled professionally and graciously. I also had them bring me a table fan as I like to sleep with white noise. No problem!The doormen are really great. They were always very attentive when I walked in or out the door. They eagerly offered to hail taxi cabs, offered me an umbrella, offered weather forecasts, etc.Same goes for the rest of the staff. I didn't find much occasion to use the front desk or interior staff members, but they recognized me warmly if I ever looked their way on my way out to the street. The housekeeping staff did a fantastic job as well. When I got back into the hotel from walking about the city, the room looked as it did when I first checked in. I'd like to try and make it back to Chicago when it gets colder, and when I do, i'll definitely be booking a room at the Park Hyatt. I've heard the Peninsula, FS and RC are all fantastic, but the Park Hyatt has a Gold Passport rewards program that i've been using, so I will likely stick with the PH.	
Aug 20 2007 	Perfect	This hotel is beautiful and offers an exceptional blend of service and style. The hotel itself is a part of an upscale private condo building on Michigan avenue and extends through the 12th floor. While relaxing at the property, you can dine at NoMI or enjoy small plates and a cigar at the NoMI lounge. Breakfast in bed? The room service is extensive and includes sushi and in room dining treats. The hotel has an excellent health club, butler service, and also a courtesy car. This hotel is the best in the city. The experience is more personalized, and the property both professional and a retreat. The rate can run high (400-600 $) with the best rates on the weekends. A+	
Jul 31 2007 	Absolutely loved this hotel	This is a fabulous hotel. Set right on Michigan Avenue, our suite looked out onto the historic Water Tower with Lake Michigan in the background. With 2 full sized marble bathrooms and a very large master bedroom, this is a luxury treat to say the least. The staff is friendly and accomodating and made us feel very special. We will definitely stay here next time. It is expensive, but very well worth every dollar. Kudo's to Park Hyatt!!	
Jul 26 2007 	In Answer to the Previous Review YES	While I belong to AAA, I live by TripAdvisor... but I've learned that not everyone is going to have the same experience, even at the same hotel.My family's experience at the Park Hyatt was absolutely great over the week of Independence Day -- quite different from the previous reviewer's.I'd been planning this special get-away for nearly a year to coincide with the Taste of Chicago and the Pre-Independence Day fireworks display sponsored by Macy's on July 3rd. When I requested a room (months earlier) that would overlook the lake -- maybe to see the fireworks -- I was very courteously and promptly told that we wouldn't be able to see the show from the hotel, but given an alternate location that would offer a great view (which it did). We were still given a great room on a high floor with an incredible view of the water tower and lake.When we arrived after a full day of travel -- sandy and sweaty from playing at Warren Dunes State Park -- in a baseball cap and flipflops, we were treated just like the guests in front of us wearing suits and gowns.When we needed assistance, all we had to do was ask, whether it was for extra blankets, a phonebook or directions to Lou Malnati's.When I was checking our folio on the evening before we were to leave, I noticed that we'd been charged for raiding the mini-bar; all it took was a call to the front desk and telling the staff person it wasn't us -- parking at $44/day taxed us, the mini-bar would have just been over-the-top for my middle-class family. The charge was reversed before we checked out the next day.Our experience was simply great and I'd recommend this hotel to anyone. (Any hotel ranked higher must be out-of-this-world and I tend to believe that a bad experience here is the exception rather than the rule.)	
Jul 25 2007 	Good location	We stayed here for 3 nights over 2006/7 NY. Rooms: The rooms are rather small for American standards. Our room didn't have a bath, only a walk-in shower and it was a small bathroom for 2 adults and 2 young children. It was a wonder we all actually fit inside the room - there were 2 queen beds. We had to put our luggage on the floor as there was just no space. When we mentioned about the lack of bathtub for our young children, the hotel said they would follow up, but never did get back to us. Restaurant: We only had breakfast at the hotel. I recommend the Park breakfast only - it was very very good. Room service: No kids menu. Location: You can't beat the location of this hotel. Service: It was alright, nothing to rave about. Generally, this hotel is catered for adults and business travellers. Not kids friendly at all. Great for the single traveller on business.	
Jul 19 2007	Did we miss something??	As my wife and I read the other reviews on this property, we feltthat we must have missed all the good things said by others about the Park Hyatt. Our $550 hotel room was small, dark and poorly designed.Staff was a bit haughty and not very helpful for the most part.But the peak was-------Our Sunday brunch which was presented nicely, but when we got the bill and saw that our mimosas were $18 apiece for a single small champagne glass of oj/champagne ---well that pretty much chinged it---back to the Ritz for us---at least there you pay for what you get and they seem to appreciate their guests. FYI, my wife and I are not rookie travelers---all over the world---lived in Chicago most of our lives---Beware----- this place for the most part will take your cash and not show you much appreciation for your patronage.	
Jul 10 2007 	Great service location room views	we arrived after midnight from o'hare with my wife and two small kids. the hotel staff helped us get to our room quickly and checked back with us after we settled in for a couple minutes to see if everything was ok. they offered cookies and milk for the kids (and adults) which was a huge bonus after a long day of travel. fantastic east facing view of the lake, water tower, hancock. great workout facility and pool. location also couldn't be better. i can't wait to go back.	
Jun 25 2007 	Best Hotel in Chicago	Just got back from 4 nights at the Park Hyatt - Chicago. We had a standard room on the 13th floor with an excellent view of the Watertower and Lake.Pros: The rooms were excellent. Clean, Modern and very well thought out. The extra large soaking tub (and separate shower) were very nice as well as the small TV in the bathroom. Also, the location of the hotel was terrific along with outstanding service, food and a nicely equiped Gym on the 7th floor.Cons: The coffee. Really its my only gripe of a nearly perfect hotel. On five occassions the coffee was served lukewarm, weak and had an odd flavor. It was consistently bad via Room Service and in the otherwise wonderful NoMi restaurant. Otherwise you will NOT go wrong in choosing the Park Hyatt in Chicago - definitely among my favorite hotels. I'll also note that we originally booked at the Four Seasons just across the street - we went there for cocktails and although it's a lovely hotel, it seemed a bit dated and worn along with what seemed to be a very uptght clientele. The Park Hyatt had a more relaxed yet still upscale vibe.	
Jun 23 2007	Loved the Park Hyatt	The Park Hyatt is one of nicest hotels in Chicago, actually one of the nicest in the US. Excellent location, excellent service, excellent rooms and amenities. There is nothing bad to say about this hotel. Pricey but worth it.	
Jun 21 2007 	Surprised considering past experiences	Wonderful room, great location but the carpet in the room was very dirty. Also, the shades in the bathroom above the very nice soaking tub had burn holes in them perhaps from the candles provided to guests by the hotel. I arrived prior to the check in time and was told by the desk clerk that I would be called when my room became available. No one bothered to call me. The experience was not on par with what one might expect from a hotel of this caliber. I shall try this hotel again just because I've had better experiences here before. Hopefully this was an anomaly.	
Jun 20 2007 	Loved It and What a Bathroom !	Simply sensational Park Hyatt - first time in Chicago and a hotel that didn't disappoint at all.Prime location opposite the Water Tower, situated in the heart of N Michigan Avenue.Superbly attentive staff from the friendly doormen, through to the concierge and bellhops.Room was one of the finest and most comfortable I have ever stayed in and an utterly luxurious bathroom - housekeeping even arranged toiletries symmetrically !Not cheap, but you get what you pay for.	
Jun 2 2007 	Fantastic!	just returned from a two night stay at the park hyatt chicago - it was a great - the rooms are large, the bath products are amazing, the food &amp; wine at the restaurant nomi is divine, the outdoor bar area is the best place in chicago on a sunny day - our whole experience at the park hyatt was wonderful - the staff was so friendly and overall the hotel had a very good vibe - i did not want to leave and i don't even like chicago that much! stayed at the drake (dark, shabby old room with a small bathroom and we were on the executive floor) while in chiacago as well and there is no comparison that you should def stay at the park hyatt!	
May 17 2007 	Great stay at the Park Hyatt	My wife and I stayed at the Park Hyatt in April 2007. Excellent service, wonderful room, friendly staff. Our room overlooked the Water Tower and was absolutely beautiful. The hotel is fairly new and the room was well appointed with a comfortable bed, luxury bath, sliding wall to view the city from the soaking tub, and two flat screen tvs. The lake is about 3 blocks up from the hotel and one morning I went for a run on the lake shore trail. Upon my return I was greeted by one of the doormen who handed me a bottled water. Nice.	
Apr 24 2007	Great stay at the Park Hyatt~~	My husband and I spent a weekend at the Park Hyatt a few weeks ago. I couldn't resist booking an executive suite when I saw that one was available. After I booked it, I was a little wary because there were no pictures of the executive suites anywhere on the Internet. I saw the pictures/videos of the nicer suites, but they were too expensive. When we arrived, we had a quick and easy check in. (I happen to love that Hyatt makes you prepay when you book online - saves you the hassle of having to pay when you get there). The suite was absolutely lovely... it was HUGE. I will be adding photos soon... it was very tastefully appointed, and extremely spacious. I don't know how the nicer suites are, but I'd say that the executive is luxorious enough... you don't need to get a nicer one.The location, as everyone's already stated, is great. It's close to all the shopping, and (literally) right in front of the water tower. Our suite faced the water tower, so we had an amazing view - especially at night. One thing I will say is DON'T RENT A CAR unless you absolutely have to. The entrance to the hotel is right on an extremely busy street, so when you pull over for the valet, you may end up causing traffic. Also, they park your car in a garage 10 minutes away, so there's always a long wait for your car. The hotel's close to everything anyway, so you should just walk or take a cab. They offer a courtesy car within a 3-mile range, but we didn't use it.In short, it is a great hotel and we can't wait to go back.	
Apr 16 2007 	Wonderful Hotel and Location	I just returned from a weekend at the Park Hyatt. I arrived there at 10:30 am on a Friday with the expectation that I would leave my bag with the bellman before heading out to the Cubs game. To my surprise, a room was ready for me and I was able to take my stuff upstairs. I was on the 18th floor with a city view. The room had a king size bed and large bathroom with separate tub and shower area. It also had free high speed internet access, a DVD player, stereo and connect for an I-Pod.The staff of the hotel could not have been nicer. Not only was I able to get a late check out on Sunday (2 pm), but the staff was friendly and willing to help each time we came in and out of the hotel.The hotel is in a wonderful location next to the Water Tower, across the street from America Girl Place, and within walking distance of all Miracle Mile shops and the Red Line of the El.I look forward to being able to return. In fact, my wife already asked when we can stay there again!	
Mar 20 2007 	Great hotel	Love this hotel. We went as 2 adults and 3 little girls who wanted to go to American Girl Place which is directly across the street. The staff at this hotel could not have been more accomodating. We had 2 connecting rooms and had ordered the American Girl package which included beds for the dolls to sleep in, robes and slippers for the kids, kid shampoo and conditioner, milk and cookies...Worth every penny as the kids were thrilled. The hotel restuarant was lovely for breakfast. Beds were extremely comfortable. It was perfect! Highly recommended.	
Mar 3 2007	a heavenly oasis in a perfect location	My daughter and I recently returned from a &quot;just the girls&quot; weekend in Chicago. We were absolutely delighted with the accommodations at the Park Hyatt Chicago. The room was meticulously clean and filled with amenities. From the over-sized window seat, to the comfortable bed, the quiet surroundings, the luxurious bath, we felt immediately comfortable and at home. It was a pleasure to return to our room each evening after a fun-filled day of shopping along the Magnificent Mile. Even an unexpected late February snowfall added to the ambiance of Chicago. The Park Hyatt is perfectly situated directly in front of the historic Watertower. It is literally only steps away from shopping heaven. For the young (and young at heart), the American Girl store is right across the street. A 24 hour Walgreens is adjacent to the hotel, as is an open-late Ghiradelli's Ice Cream shop and a Borders. Despite the modern store fronts nearby, the hotel is pleasantly quiet and relaxing. Our 48-hour stay in Chicago included the theatre. We saw &quot;Wicked&quot; (our third time seeing but our first time seeing in Chicago), and our favorite musical of all-time. &quot;Wicked&quot; is at Chicago's beautifully-restored circa 1920's Oriental Theatre, a treat in and of itself. The Park Hyatt is only a walk away from excellent casual and more formal dining. We kept it pretty casual this time and enjoyed pizza at Giardino's, Wow Bao's at Watertower Plaza, and breakfast with chocolate fondue (!) at Pierrot Gourmet. The Park Hyatt has enormous style. We never felt &quot;processed&quot;. The staff was always accessible and quite willing to give friendly, personal service. The hotel lobby, sitting areas, and room furnishings are very stylish. We loved the sliding panels by the oversized bath tub that could be opened or closed for privacy! The room lighting was fantastic. Towels were abundant (not always the case in many hotels). There's 24 hour room service which wasn't needed but is certainly appreciated! The Park Hyatt is a manageably sized hotel with first-class service and style in the heart of bustling Chicago. We would not hesitate to return and recommend to others.	
Feb 13 2007	Stunning service brilliant hotel	We have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Park Hyatt. We had a superb holiday. I always think that the way you are treated at check-in is often indicative of how the hotel service will follow through. Here it was faultless. I mentioned to the gentlemen on reception that the holiday was a treat to me from my husband to celebrate our 30th wedding anniversary. We were upgraded to a beautiful suite on the 15th floor overlooking the Water Tower and Lake Michigan. We were escorted to our floor and introduced to our butler! Champagne was waiting on our arrival in our room. We travel a lot and stay in good hotels but have never known politeness, consideration and kindness like it. We asked the concierge (Karen) if she could recommend a restaurant. She not only suggested a great one and booked the hotel car to take us; she then secretly called the restaurant to tell them about our celebration so that they looked after us when we got there.I find it difficult to think of anything else that could have been done to increase the level of service. My only worry now, is how are we going to beat this holiday when we next go away?!	
Feb 5 2007	I'm not sure it could have been any better.....	My partner and I booked a Terrace Room at the Chicago Park Hyatt for the weekend of Feb 2-4 to celebrate our birthdays. I know it was a little silly to book the Terrace Room on a weekend where the high was around 3 degrees, but I wanted a special room, and we were not disappointed!First of all, the check in was seamless...everything about our reservation was in perfect order, and the desk clerk escorted us to the elevator. The Terrace Rooms are on the 3rd floor...a quick ride up the elevator. After entering the room, you are in a small &quot;foyer.&quot; The bedroom portion of the room is large, with a king bed, leather chair, large desk, and TV/storage unit. Then there is a large set of sliding french doors that open out onto the terrace. Now, the terrace is not what you usually expect from a hotel. Usually, a hotel balcony or terrace is large enough for 2 small chairs and a little table to put a drink on. This was HUGE! Since it was winter, there was no furniture available, but it was big enough for a cocktail party for 30 people! There may have been more square feet than the actual room/bathroom...which was 550 sq ft. AND THE VIEW! You looked out right onto the historic water tower and Michigan Avenue. Since you are on the 3rd floor, you don't get much of a lake view, but with everything else there is to look at, it is not missed.Now, back to the room.....actually, the bathroom. in the hallway leading to the bathroom, there is a small bar and the closet. The closet isn't large, but has an ironing board, iron, hair dryer, safe, various hangars, and shoe polisher. Then the bathroom! When you walk in, you see a glass shower door...through that door is the shower and bathtub....all in one room, with a window looking out onto the terrace and the Water Tower. The tub is huge, probably big enough for 2, and the shower has 2 heads....one stationary, and one hand held. They don't work at the same time, but the water pressure is great. Then back into the bathroom there is a large vanity with double sinks...and a small wall mounted TV with a remote control. Next to that, there is a small vanity with a bench for putting on make up and such. And the toilet is in a seprarate water closet. There is also a closet door that opens into the other side of the closet in the hallway, which is very convenient.The room decor is simple. Black and white photos, and taupe carpet. The bedding is all white, and the furniture is contemporary medium stained wood. Besides lamps, there is recessed lighting over the bed, in the hallways, and in the bathroom.Service for the room was provided twice a day. Our cost for the room with the AAA discount was $400 a night, which included breakfast for 2 both mornings at NoMI, the hotel restaurant....more about that in the restaurant section.As many have noted before, the location couldn't be better. Since we are familiar with Chicago, we use public transportation, but cabs are readily available all around.We can't stay here everytime we stay in Chicago due to the cost, but we'd sure like to. We're definitely planning on staying here again for a special occasion.	
Dec 28 2006 	A great hotel in a great location in a great city	The Park Hyatt should be at the top of everyone's list. The experience was great; from arrival, through check-in, the room, the view. And it was the staff that made it all come together.It is a bit pricey, but we used a Hyatt Gold Passport award to cover one of the rooms, so it averaged out OK :-)I can't say enough about the staff. The desk clerk escorted us to the elevators when we checked in. The doorman and concierge had plenty of suggestions for dining. When we stopped by the restaurant (NoMI) in the morning to get some coffee to go, we were told they didn't have disposible cups, but the greeter called down to the desk to make sure they were still serving complementary coffee, even though it was later in the day. On the way to the pool (located in the spa) we were welcomed numerous times and my teenage son even commented on the hospitality. And the spa locker facilities are very nice. And no extra charge for pool and gym.The rooms were very great and the view spectacular. See my photo showing the Water Tower, Michigan Ave, Contemporary Art Museum, and Lake Michigan. Sunday morning we got a Chicago Tribune and New York Times delivered to each room. The location is perfect, especially on a cold December day. Right off Michigan Ave, near shopping and restaurants galore.My highest recommendation!	
Dec 13 2006 	Good - Not Great	We stayed at the Park Hyatt Chicago December 6 - 8. Here is my impression:Check in: Fairly quick and friendly. The agent walked us to the elevator and explained the amenties of the hotel.Room: Great. Very upscale: wonderful bed, down duvet and featherbed. The bathrooms were excellent with separate tub shower and water closet. Also, a small television was positioned above the vanity - a very nice touch.Staff: As was previously mentioned, the front desk staff were good, the doormen helpful. The housekeeping staff assigned to our room were unpolished. A housekeeper actually opened our door to ask us how much longer we would be and if we would be checking out that day. I had checked with the front desk and verified that we at least 45 minutes prior to the check out time. I would have put the do not disturb on the door, except after we slept in the first day, the sign miraculously dissapeared! Also, the concierge was impossible to reach via telephone. My husband and I tried phoning on several occasions and received voicemail! I'd expect that at a Hilton, but not Park Hyatt.Food: With so many great locations near the hotel, we only had to have breakfast in the hotel. The food was your typical hotel breakfast - nothing more, but certainly not worth the $22 I paid for my bacon and egg entree. I realize that city prices are expensive, but having stayed at numerous Ritz Carltons and Four Seasons properties, I have come to expect more for the money. Do yourself a favor, skip breakfast and go to the Hershey store located just outside the front door and get a great hot chocolate and wait until lunch!Location: The hotel is in a great location and shares the same streets as the Penisula and Ritz Carlton. Several reviewers wrote about the sirens around the hotel. Certainly, it is noisy, but the people paying $700 a night at the Penisula hear it too. The hotel is near the Water Tower Shopping Center and Neiman Marcus. After your hot chocolate, grab a cab and head to the Chicago Chop House for a great steak lunch. Soup, Salad, Filet Mignon and desert run $20.95 at lunch and are as good as any other city steakhouse.	
Dec 11 2006	Another GREAT Park Hyatt stay	Stayed 1 night. Got upgraded as I stayed here before, but it was a long time ago.Exeutive suite overlooking the water tower. Beautiful.Welcome and check in fantastic, as was service in the room and bar.Highly recommended, cannot fault it.	
Dec 2 2006 	Very disappointing	The Peninsula was full so I thought I would try the Hyatt. I stayed there for 6 days.I arrived after a long flight so was looking forward to checking in, but guess what? - the room was not ready ( something which seems to happen more and more in the US). I was asked to come back in an hour, came back in two, and the room still was not ready. Eventually I got in, booked a wake up call and a car the next morning, and guess what? - no wake up call and no car.Things got better, but not much, so I have difficulty in understanding all the rave reviews. There is no lobby to speak of ( so nowhere to wait when the room is not ready) and the breakfast in uninspiring. The room is nice with great views and the lunch menu is unusual and the food good.However next time I will be staying at the Peninsula.	
Nov 28 2006 	park hyatt always comes through	In the heart of down town Chicago, couldnt be a better location for shopping, site seeing , restaurants etc.Friendly, efficient , helpful hotel staff, always &quot;on the ball&quot;. Rooms are beautiful, big comfy beds, large windows, huge bathrooms with seperate showers and a seperate toilet. We had a seating area which not all rooms have. Efficient prompt room service. Restaurant was very good, food to &quot;die for&quot;the only problem was you have to walk through the bar area to get to the restaurant, the bar area gets very smoky in the evening...be warned..Great fitness center and pool which is in with the price of the room...a nice feature..In all, a very enjoyable 3 days , well worth the price.	
Nov 26 2006 	Luxurious Comfort	Stayed at the Park Hyatt Chicago for 2 nights in September and had a very pleasant stay. The hotel is right in the heart of Chicago and has great views over the Water Tower and Lake Michigan. The room (Deluxe King) was high quality with one of the most comfortable beds I've ever experienced. The bathroom was also luxurious, with its own mini-TV and separate shower. There's also a screen between the bathroom and bedroom allowing you to bathe looking out over Chicago if you desire. The hotel service was very attentive (if a little formal) and the facilities were top-notch. The restaurant and bar were also high quality. There's a fairly high price tag on rooms in this hotel, but you do get what you pay for. It was a real treat to stay here.	
Nov 4 2006 	Attention to detail with few exceptions	Checked in Oct. 24 for a one-night, quick business trip stay. My daughter made the reservation, obtaining a very attractive rate available to her employer, a big-4 accounting firm. My travel budget wouldn't have afforded my staying here, otherwise. The young lady at reception, noting that it was my first stay there and after determining that I didn't need assistance with my small overnight bag, personally walked me to the elevator lobby -- a nice expression of hospitality. The room was impressively large and very well appointed, even having an Eames lounge chair and ottoman for relaxation in front of the expansive windows (which included small windows on either side of a large picture window that were openable, allowing fresh air if desired). There was also a long window seat with a comfortable cushion and ample throw pillows for relaxing and enjoying the view from my location on the 17th floor, looking west. The bed was very comfortable, with a duvet, using high quality linens. The bathroom was particularly impressive with a large soaking tub that was easily big enough for two. They even provided large candles for a romantic bathing experience and have large, sliding wooden doors adjacent to the tub that open the view to the bedroom area and the city lights view out the windows. The separate shower are, enclosed in floor-to-ceiling thick glass panels, had both a tall shower head and a separate, adjustable head that could be removed from its holder for hand operation. Much marble, attractive wood, mirrors, glass and excellent lighting. In fact, lighting throughout the room and bathroom was remarkable for the variety of options available for creating different kinds of lighting combinations. The TV/entertainment area included a DVD player. A nice touch was, in addition to the high-end glossy magazines typically found in hotels at this quality level, there were several books including one that had fascinating information and photographs on Chicago architecture. Another interesting detail was a large bowl of potpourrie on the chest of drawers. I found the fragrance pleasant but a bit strong. Of course, you can hide that in a drawer if it offends. A few details were missed, though. Some of the chrome fixtures in the bathroom could stand polishing more frequently to avoid dust or corrosion. Also, the sliding doors between the bathroom and bed area were apparently somewhat off track, not allowing them to come together properly to completely close off view between the two areas. All-in-all, I thought the Chicago Park Hyatt was a top-end hotel with its guests receiving a very good experience. At their regular rates, you get good value for the money. At the deeply discounted corporate rate I enjoyed, it was a tremendous value.	
Oct 30 2006 	A Perfect Stay	My wife and I spent three nights at this hotel in late October. I would have to rate it as one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. The rooms were well designed, spacious and well appointed. Your every need in the room has been anticipated. We had a great view of Lake Michigan. Each day, we had breakfast in NoMI and drinks each night in NoMi Lounge. Both were impressive especially the excellent breakfast looking out at the Lake.However, what impressed me the most was the outstanding staff. It was obvious that each had been well trained in how to deliver excellent guest service and did they ever do so. It appeared that each definitely bought in to the customer service concept and their attitude reflected it. From the doorman, to the bellman, to the front desk, to the waiters, to the housekeeping staff and to the maintenance staff, I was always addressed by name and each seemed that fulfilling my needs was the most important duty they had at the moment.This is not an inexpensive hotel, but you get more than your money's worth.Congratulations to the Park Hyatt manager and his staff. They are truly outstanding.	
Oct 15 2006 	Elegant and excellent service	We had our reception at the hotel. The service was excellent. The hotel is gorgeous. The rooms are beautiful with great views of the original Water Tower. Food is fantastic. The in house gym is decent. I can't wait to return!	
Sep 25 2006 	Heads-up on sirens	Be aware, the Park Hyatt Chicago is located very near a hospital and a fire station. If your room is on the Water Tower side of the hotel, you may be hearing sirens virtually any time day or night. They were frequent, loud, and annoying during our stay. The hotel staff did offer to switch our room when we realized the situation. Unfortunately, we had already unpacked and completely settled into our room. In hindsight, we should have changed. The noise is significant and especially a negative in the evening. If this would be a concern for you, recommend asking about your room location and its possible siren factor when booking or checking in.	
Sep 20 2006 	Very good property	Just returned from a four night stay. The hotel is perfectly located and has very professional staff. The rooms are very nice and the bathrooms are beautiful. The hotel itself is relatively small so it has something of a boutique feel to it...which is good. I would certainly recommend this hotel and would be happy to stay here again.	
Aug 29 2006	Impeccable service great locationwonderful property	Just completed a one night stay August 29 at the Park Hyatt. The place has a very upscale feeling as soon as you walk into the lobby. Everyone at the front desk is extremely professional. They were not able to honor my upgrade certificate and offered no sort of benefit for my disappointment. Check in was painless, yet it should be for the price of the rooms here. Purchased a King deluxe that promised a view and the view did not disappoint. This was a getaway weekend with my husband and I wanted to go all out and make it special. The room was very attractive, Zen-like. Huge tub that had wonderful hot water that is temperature controlled. Amazing for a nice relaxing soak. Room was immaculate with a beautiful view of the water and Michigan Avenue. Hotel is right across the street from Ralph Lauren and American Girl Store. There is a bus stop right across the street from the hotel that takes you down to the Navy Pier and travels along Michigan Avenue. You can purchase a CTA transit card on their website prior to travel. If you want to book the courtesy car a BMW you are better off doing that a couple of weeks prior to arrival throught the concierge. Ramon the driver is very professional and was very prompt in taking us to our dinner location. We dined at NoMi and the service is top shelf. The waiters are extremely attentive and professional. We had breakfast and the view is wonderful. The staff at the hotel are definitely well trained people. Service is impeccable. My husband used the gym and raved about the equipment, the personnel and yes the pitchers of ice cold water with fresh fruit in it. If you are looking for a luxury hotel this is a great bet. For a special stay I will be back in a heart beat.	
Aug 17 2006 	It lives up to its name!	I just stumbled across some reviews for the Chicago Park Hyatt and had to add my two cents. This is truly a special property! The name and stature of Park Hyatt hotels does not connote a small boutique hotel, but somehow that is the feel. It's like having a personal residence in the middle of this great city. Very well located, couldn't be better situated for North Michigan Avenue excitement, Water Tower, hotels, shopping, etc. and the rooms, like to whole hotel environment, is extemely comfortable... not the slightest bit stuffy or elitest. This hotel is about luxury, yet it doesn't have to scream, &quot;look at me!&quot; Our initial assigned room was nicely appointed, but perhaps the worse view... northwest corner... I don't think we were paying a high rate... the bell person immediately called the front desk and requested a better room for my wife and I, without our even having to ask! The next room was a similar location, but higher floor and much better light and vantage. We had the concierge make reservations for theatre, restaurants, etc. and they even offered us the chauffered house car, which makes the evening that little bit more special. The staff are top-notch; a real credit to the Hyatt World. That was our second stay ay the Park Hyatt Chicago...the first time in the old property they tore down. We look forward to staying again on our next visit to the Windy City. P.S. Stay away from the Hyatt Convention Hotel by the river... it's obvious that these two properties have nothing in common other than their parent company.	
Aug 1 2006	Perfect stay!	I have been using TripAdvisor to choose hotels for a few years but never felt the urge to write a review...that is, until now. I was so overwhelmed by my stay at the Park Hyatt, I felt it was worth sharing. The rooms are impeccable. The staff, from the door guys to the front desk to the cleaning people are remarkably helpful and friendly. The location of this Hyatt is outstanding. One couldn't possibly ask for anything more in this wonderful city!	
Jul 25 2006	Great Experience at the Park Hyatt	Stayed for two nights at the Park Hyatt. The view from our room was spectacular. Lake Michigan and the water tower! The room was beautiful and the staff exceptional. Robin from the hotel contacted us before out stay and was very accomodating. The location was perfect and NOMI outstanding. Cant wait to return again.	
Jul 22 2006 	Like it Better than Penninsula	So enjoyed hotel. Love the serrene modern, Asian decor. Have also spent much time at Peninsula-obviously both outstantding-just like modernity of Park Haytt more-beds and linens superior at Park Hyatt-wonderful deep tub and bath-could link my ipod into stereo tv system-Had dinner at hotel restaraunt and found excellent food, decor and service. Prompt morning breakfast room service. Amex Platinum services of lunch and included breakfast very worthwhile.	
Jul 22 2006	Stunning!	I stayed at this hotel whilst in the US for a conference. It was just stunning! The staff were very friendly and helpful, the room was fantastic (the bath was the biggest bath I have ever seen), the service impeccable and the food excellent. It is well located at the end of MIchigan Avenue near the big shops. I would definitely stay there again!	
Jul 22 2006 	Absolutely fantastic!	The Park Hyatt is without a doubt the best hotel in Chicago. My girlfriend and I spent a weekend here just for a romantic getaway, and there's no doubt we'll be back! The check in process was so smooth and seamless...far better than any other hotel we've been to. We requested to be put on the highest floor possible, and that was done with no problem whatsoever. We had the King Deluxe room, and were very happy with it. The bed was so comfortable...it had a Sealy Posturepedic mattress with a downfeather bed over it, a duvet, and down pillows (6 of them I might add!) The roman shades were a very nice touch, as were the mood lights. The bathroom was all marble and had a large soaking tub with Davis Gate bath products, and a huge walk-in shower with 2 shower heads. There was also an LCD tv mounted on the wall, a nice glass scale, and 2 bathrobes all set to go! There was a low fog that night (being on the 18th floor it was especially noticeable) so we turned down the lights, opened the shades, and turned on some soft music while relaxing with a glass of wine...very romantic to be sitting there high above the city in that kind of atmosphere looking out at the lights and cars through the mist.The minibar had a decent selection, however it was very pricy. For a can of Pepsi, they charged $4.50. Breakfast for myself was a bowl of Raison Bran, 2 pieces of white toast, and a glass of milk which ended up costing $24.63. So there's definitely a huge mark-up but to stay here and pamper yourself...it's worth it! The room was turned down twice a day, and the housekeeping staff is absolutely fantastic. There wasn't a single spot or a stain anywhere to be found...not even a water spot in the tub or shower. If you can splurge and stay here, by all means do so! You won't regret it!	
Jul 18 2006 	Great but not best...	The Park Hyatt is a very nice hotel in most respects. The rooms are nice though some are small, however the bathrooms have always been ample. For the money, I think that the Peninsula still wins hands down. Larger, completely decked out rooms, more people providing service throughout and a superior spa. When it is booked, I'll stay at the PH, however, as it is quite nice and in a great location.	
Jul 12 2006	The best hotel in Chicago	I've stayed at Park Hyatt in Chicago couple times now. Everytime I go there, i have a wonderful time. Even a doorman remembers me! (He must've liked my car btw i dont drive ferrari or porsche..lol) You will know that you'll have a good experience once you walked into the door. The lobby is VERY quiet and nicely designed. You won't believe it is in middle of downtown Chicago. That was my first impression. Room is spectacular. Very nice furniture, nice linens, nice sound system and such. I've had breakfast there and it was good. Nothing spectacular but good. I heard the dinner there is wonderful too. I'd like to try it sometimes. This hotel is sure expensive but if you have a chance, its worth to stay!	
Jul 4 2006	~~Wonderful Stay~~Can't wait to go back~~	Our stay at the Park Hyatt was absoulutely wonderful. The staff was very friendly and were always willing to help out. When we first arrived, the check-in was very quick. They even asked which newspaper we would like!! Our room was not ready so they stored our luggage free of charge. When we got back, we found that our room was by the elevator. However, during our whole stay, we never heard the elevator or anyone else come through. We also found bath crystals and soothing crystals in the bathroom. There was even a little tv with hidden speakers under the sink and a seperate table with a stool. The bathtub was very spacious but it took about 20 minutes for the water to fill up half way in the tub. There was a very nice lounging chair with a foot stool. The beds were very soft with very comfortable beds. There was complimentary fresh fruit and bottled water. By far, our favorite part was the huge window seat. It was very comfortable with pillows on both sides. We also had an excellent view of the lake and the water tower. The gym was fully equipped with personal tvs and towels set out. There was bottled water available with fresh fruit also. We also found raspberries in one pitcher of water and blueberries in another pitcher of water so it would be flavored. There were also cold towels available too. The pool was marvelous as there was plenty of seating. There were even toys available for the kids. However, the jacuzzi was kind of small. There was even an outside porch like place to sit out and read. We went to Nomi Restaurant for breakfast and there was a wonderful selection of foods. The hotel was in the middle of everything with the American Girl store across the street. The water tower place was kitty corner to it and so was the john handcock building. The magnificent mile was right there so walking along it was very convenient. Ghiradelli was also close by and we enjoyed going there at night to have a dessert. Overall the stay was great with excellent service.	
May 26 2006	One of the Best!	We stayed at the Park Hyatt Chicago for two nights at the tail-end of a business/pleasure trip, and we loved every minute of it. From beginning to end, the staff, service and facility were outstanding. Upon (early) arrival, we were greeted at the door by friendly but vigilant personnel - I appreciated this measure of discreet security throughout our stay. The gentleman who assisted us at the front desk upgraded us to what we later discovered was a deluxe king room on the eighth floor with unsurpassed window seat views of the Water Tower, downtown and Lake Michigan. Since our room was not yet ready, he had our luggage stored safely while we went sightseeing. Upon return, we found that our luggage had already been brought to our room. Soft music from the sound system was playing and the room was warmly lit by the soft glow of the city below. Very romantic beginning of our stay. After a long day of walking, I really appreciated the soaking tub, which was surrounded by candles and a jar of aromatherapy bath crystals. The bed, enrobed with Frette linens, was phenomenally cozy and comfortable. During our stay, we enjoyed room service (expensive), the fitness center (which is a very clean, fully equipped gym, pool and spa, with friendly staff), and breakfast in NoMi (expensive). I can't imagine staying anywhere else - the intimate, understated and boutique feel of the Park Hyatt, coupled with a well-trained, attentive staff makes this a must-stay in Chicago for discerning business or leisure travelers, couples seeking romance, or families with well-behaved children...the hotel is truly outstanding at all levels.Chicago is a shopper's, culture hound's and foodie's dream - there is a myriad of dining establishments within walking distance from which to choose, and a visit to the Signature Room near the top of the Hancock Tower for evening cocktails is a must-do.	
May 12 2006	LOVED IT	This is a beautioful hotel in an awesome location with well above average accomodations and service. Nice to see this, given the trend in the USA to homogenize all hotels and turn them into personality-free clones.	
Apr 7 2006	Loved my room!	I booked a King Deluxe room a couple weekends ago. I received a wonderful room with a great view of the Water Tower and the lake. The room has almost everything you could ask for. There was a great window seat extending across the whole window and a very comfortable Eames lounge chair. The bed was with down everything, from the pillows to the duvet, to the feather bed I slept on top of. There was a DVD player and also a speaker plug to attach your iPod to. The bathroom had a small LCD tv with surround sound attached above the double sinks. The amenities were comprehensive and included candles above the large soaking tub. The glass enclosed shower was separate and well as the toilet commode. The best thing is that the bathroom had sliding doors by the soaking tub that opened so you could see the view out the window. Service was courteous and great all around, from the doormen to the server in NoMi. The craziest thing is that I never saw a housekeeping service cart in the hallways. I'm not sure when housekeeping came by but I was never once disturbed when I was in my room. Overall, the hotel had the feel of a boutique hotel to me, very quiet and cosy. The location cannot be beat. I walked everywhere. I would recommend the hotel for people who enjoy modern luxury.	
Mar 26 2006 	Couldn't find one fault	A great hotel- rooms are modern, with a nice large bathroom with separate shower and tub- good location -close to stores, restaurants. Most important was the friendly service. Everyone said hello, asked if we needed anything, and did their best to make the stay so nice. There are a number of deluxe hotels right around the park hyatt but this is the most modern of them (if that's your taste), and the service couldn't be better anywhere else. Just make sure if you reserve through the 800 hyatt number you ask for the park hyatt as there are a few hyatt hotels in chicago and i almost reserved the wrong one.	
Feb 10 2006	We loved the Park Hyatt!	We stayed at the Park Hyatt for a three night getaway in February. No need to repeat all the accolades here - we agree with all of them. We can clarify the confusion about sliding doors - the double rooms have a two-person separate shower, no sliding doors. The king rooms have a sliding door between the bed and the tub, single person shower. A couple of minor quibbles - we also found the bathroom lighting a bit dim - there is no lighted make up mirror so it is hard to see well and close at the same time. The TV is mediocre with an acceptable, but not wide range of channels. And, being chocolate addicts, we missed having a mint or truffle on our pillow at night! Although we preferred the privacy of our room, if you want large, ornate public areas, you'd be better off elsewhere - there is very little public space - a library and a small sitting area.We only had breakfast at Nomi - nice food but pricey.We did not use the spa at the property, choosing instead to visit the larger venue a few blocks away. You can find that review elsewhere on this site.You cannot really go wrong at the property - the location, room comfort, and omnipresent, friendly staff are as good as it gets in Chicago. We had a wonderful time and would certainly return!	
Feb 9 2006	Great stay at the Park Hyatt	I took my family, including two preteen children, to the Park Hyatt for a couple of nights to get a tourist's eye view of Chicago, and can't think of one offputting thing the hotel offered. Our arrival was smooth, and the room and view were incredible. The health club facilities, along with the pool, were top notch and the restaurant NoMi was beyond expectation. This obviously isn't anywhere near the budget or mid-range neighborhood, but the value is there, which is more than I can say of the American Girl Place accross the street, but I'll save that for another review, perhaps.	
Dec 27 2005	A Neat Freaks Dream	My stay at the Park Hyatt was flawless. Perfect location in the MIDDLE of everything. (Walking distance to everything.) Perfectly clean room (NO BEDSPREADS only Duvet Covers). The Bathroom was a dream (&lt;--It even had a small television, mood music, candles, bath salts, everything you could possibly think of needing in order to have a romantic evening.) I am EXTREMELY picky and I was able to walk around the bathroom without shoes. My view from room 905 was lovely. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. I love this hotel, it was extremely private and a dream for a couple. The next time I return to Chicago I will stay here again. Feel free to email me if you have any concerns.	
Dec 21 2005 	STUNNING	park hyatt was trully, truly outstanding. i felt like a like a celebrity of sorts -- everyone of the staff went out of their way to be helpful. the rooms were unbelievable -- sliding door btw a huge tub, two tvs and a king size bed. the location is the most central of any hotel in chicago. if you had to put a finger on the center of chicago, it d be it. i have stayed at many outstanding hotels around the world and this one takes the prize. if you can afford a hotel of this caliber, it would be a mistake on your part to pass it up.	
Dec 18 2005	If you MUST have top of the line..	OK, this hotel is the real deal. I must admit that when I booked this hotel, my expectations were high- at the price, I was expecting the works- and we got it! Our arrival was seamless- got early check-in and an instant upgrade with no effort. The room was absolutely a dream. We are extremely observant travelers (only stay at the top rated hotels, after checking and double checking ratings on multiple sites, including this trip advisor site, and of course, only 4-5 star). In our room, was fresh fruit and soft music playing. The room was absolutely beautiful, the bed was a soft, and sweet sleep (white down comforter with duvett- I stopped staying at hotels with &quot;bedspreads&quot; years ago- they are so gross). The marble bathroom, tv at the vanity/sink, double head shower and walk in shower/bath were absoultely beautiful. There is a flat screen tv, dvd with complimentary movies, vcr, stereo, 2 cordless phones, and free wireless internet- do I need to go on? The location is ideal- the Watertower is across the street, as well as the Ralph Lauren store, the American Girl Store, and all of the shops and food of Michigan Ave. This is not even the half of what this great hotel has- we went down for a drink at the NoMi lounge- the service/drinks/food were outstanding. As we wandered back to the room, we came across the spa/gym- unbelievable (I'm getting a massage in the am after my run). There was a tv on every treadmill and step machine, there was complimentary bottled water and glass pitchers of raspberry (fresh) ice water (at 10;30 at night), cold towels, steam room, lap pool. Hands down the best hotel in Chicago (we've stayed in nearly all of them- family nearby and usually come here at least once every 2 months). We will never stay at another hotel. I am sad that we have to check out tomorrow. Splurge and try it- I promise, you'll agree.... See you at NoMI!	
Dec 8 2005	Location Location	Yes, the P.H. Chicago is perfectly located. And the service personnel, especially the bell staff, housekeeping and in-room dining, deserve high marks. We were, however, extremely disappointed that there was absolutely no sign of any decorations of the season. It may as well have been mid-July in the lobby. Oh, pardon my oversight, the hotel entrance had a sparse attempt at conveying some semblance of Christmas/Holiday spirit. The Pritzkers should be ashamed. The property located in the block immediately to the south was resplendent in good cheer and glad tidings. Next visit! The P.H. room was certainly adequate albeit nothing extraordinary. The carpets will need to be replaced soon as there was a tear in our room. The furnitue had the look of nicks and dents that happens with age. And, don't believe everything seen on the hotel's web site. What doors from the tub/bathroom to the bedroom area? While we didn't enjoy dining at NoMi, the P.H.'s highly lauded restaurant, the adjoing bar area was comfortable and well served. Come on Hyatt, kick it up a notch or two!	
Dec 2 2005 	Impeccable!!!	this hotel is truly the bizzomb!!! there is a reason its number one here. stunning rooms, impeccable service, and hands down the best location in chicago. they sent up a computer guy to fix my laptop at 11pm! the usher at the door walked up my luggage right up and i was checked in less than 5 minutes. i wanted a room with a better view -- got upgraded without a word to a michigan-ave room on a high floor overlooking the watertower. everything is done with a &quot;yes sir, right away sir attitude.&quot; you should definately try nomi for breakfast or dinner -- makes you feel like you &quot;made&quot; it. imagine having lobster egg benedict reading the tribune while overlooking the watertower! truly unique experience -- beats any other place i ve stayed before hands down, including the ritz, four seasons, and the intercontinental. if you can afford it, you should *****definately**** stay there, particularly with a significant other.	
Nov 25 2005 	Fit for a queen- but cozy!	Ritzy. But totally comfortable. In my suite I felt as if no on else existed it was so quiet. The pool was wonderful. The staff very attentive. Well worth every cent and then some.	
Nov 16 2005	Not Worth It!!!	After reading the reviews I booked a room here at the Park Hyatt, it was not worth the $550. The rooms were small, the staff was very UNFRIENDLY. After spending $500 I do not expect the staff to act snobby and sneer at questions. The employees just stand around in the lobby, do not open doors, and act like dance club bouncers instead.The carpet had stains, this is not what I expected for the amount I paid. Try the Peninsula, its way better!	
Nov 16 2005 	Toilet Closet? Huh?	I think that the reviewer (a few reviews down from mine) must have been staying at the Pork Hyatt, in the slaughterhouse district.Seriously, I travel on business about 20 weeks a year. This is my second favorite hotel in the world, tied with the Grand Hyatt Shanghai and behind the Mandarin Oriental Munich. The Park Hyatt Chicago is a world-class hotel, outstadning in every way.The rooms are very tastefully done. Beds are super comfortable and the sheets, pillows, bedspreads are very very clean. The bathroom is huge - the bathroom itself is the size of the actual room I've stayed in at a few hotels in Scandinavia.Look, to each their own. Live and let live :) If you are traveling to Chicago, and want a perfect location and an amazing hotel where your needs will be met but no one will bother you, this is the spot.	
Nov 12 2005	A Special Place for a Priceless Trip	I took my 10 year old daughter and my 72 year old mother to Chicago for an American Girl weekend. The Park Hyatt was chic, very comfortable and extremely friendly. I forgot my toothbrush and they brought one up to me along with mouthwash and toothpaste on a silver platter. They were great and their staff is included in my wonderful memory of a very special trip.	
Nov 2 2005 	Wouldn't stay anwhere else	What can I say? I've stayed here many times and have never been disappointed. Beds are the most comfortable I've ever slept in. Staff is always knowledgeable and courteous. Location can't be beat. Price is a bit high but you get what you pay for. Highly recommended.	
Sep 18 2005	Park Hyatt is Peachy	Just returned from a two-day seminar at the Parky Hyatt in Chicago. Excellent hotel, service, food, room, everything! Would stay there again in a new-york minute, even though it's pricy.	
Sep 10 2005	Expected more	After reading all the reviews on Trip Advisor, decided to stay at the Park Hyatt. I think I must have been staying in a different hotel than the rest of you. Room was small and plain with no large screen TV, not that I came to watch TV but that's what was advertised. I had to call housekeeping up to clean the door to the toilet closet, and I don't like toilet closets. They are okay when I go to Europe, I expect that, but don't like them personally. The bed was comfortable and lots of pillows. Positive also that they use duvet covers that get changed everyday rather than bedspreads. Absolutely dread bedspreads, pull them down off the bed, minute I come in the room. They are full of germs. So all in all for the money, wasn't that great and wouldn't stay here again.	
Sep 9 2005	We loved the Park Hyatt	We really loved this hotel. It felt cozy and intimate and subdued. Not bold and flashy. The concierge was very help to my husband and get an anniversary present shipped to the hotel without my knowledge. The staff was very friendly, upbeat and warm. The rooms were very nice and just our style. Our views from our window were wonderful of the Lake and the Watertower and the John Hancock building. We were on the 13th floor in a Grand Deluxe king room over looking Michigan Avenue. The location couldn't have been better. We had drinks at the Signature Room Lounge in the John Hancock Buidling to watch the sunset (nothing as beautiful as the Florida Sunsets we have here).And the food, service and VIEWS from the NOMI Restaurant were great. I don't know why the restaurant doesn't get better press. It's very romantic and breakfast was gorgious sitting at the windows looking at the lake.	
Aug 26 2005	OK	Overall this hotel is in a great location but is not worth the high price. We got a decent price using our AAA card including breakfast. They charged us $10 per person to have the breakfast delivered to our room instead of eating in the restaraunt and the food was so-so, rather cold. Our room had a nice view b/c they gave us an upgraded room on accident but it was a connecting room which we specifically asked on check-in to not have. Once they realized, they called up and asked if we wanted to move but we were settled at that point. The shelf in our room was falling off the wall but otherwise the room was in good condition. My biggest complaint is that I (who have blond hair) found a few long black hairs in my brush after housekeeping had been in our room-GROSS! We've stayed at the Four Seasons up the street and would recommend them over the Hyatt. We have also stayed at the regular Hyatt across the river after getting a room through a bid site and that was worth the $39/night but not their standard rates. The place was a zoo but the staff was great. They ended up putting us in a Club level room b/c there were no other rooms when we checked in and while the room was nice, I shudder to think of the cost vs benefit of that room. We could hear the guy in the next room talking on his phone and what he was watching on tv.	
Aug 24 2005	Awesome Hotel	This hotel is truly amazing. First off, the location is probably the best in the city. Just blocks from the lake and within close proximity to the best shopping, restaurants, and recreation.The staff is wonderful (the only complaint was the concierge seemed a little snooty) and attentive. The rooms are amazin. Wonderful tubs and great (although a little small) showers. The best part of our room was the window weat. A deep seat in front of the large window where both my wife and I could sit for hours and read or watch the city go by.The work out facility is easily the best in the city (at a hotel). There is a LCD tv at every machine, cold towels to relax, a wonderful lap pool and spa amenities everywhere (robes, slippers, etc).We wish we could have stayed longer!	
Aug 23 2005	great stay	my husband and i just returned from a weekend trip in chicago (aug.18-21). we decided to stay at the park hyatt mainly based on reviews from ta and i'm glad we did. the hotel location is great. we were directly across the street from the water tower, one block from neimans and saks and for you american girl lovers you are directly across from the front door. being a mother of two boys i don't understand the american girl phenomenom but families were lined up down the block prior to the store opening so get there early.honestly, i thought the room would be a little bigger but due to the long hallway and foyer i guess it is larger than a standard hotel room. we had a beautiful view of michigan ave. and the lake, the window seat and eames chair are a great touch. the bathroom is great (except we couldn't figure out the light switches, way to many). loved the davies gate bath products. the staff is very generous. we had continental bkfst. included with our stay or you can apply the cost to bkfst. of your choice. my husband is a southern man so it has to be a full bkfst. the next morning to our surprise the staff gave us 3 more certificates under our door. it was very very thoughtful. we loved the conceriege on staff both nights they were very accomodating worked to get us dinner res. at the time we suggested without any questions. but most of all we loved the driver ramon. my husband attended a conference at the marriot down the street and he was there each morning happy to take my husband so he didn't have to catch a cab. he also was available to transport us to dinner both nights. he was very charming and enjoyable. i highly suggest this hotel you can't go wrong.p.s. the bed is fabulous!	
Aug 21 2005	Great Place! Rooms are perfect	Perfect Place. Rooms are perfect. Very Hip! Super clean and ultra-modern. Super comfortable bed. Kids are allowed in the indoor pool (but its a lap pool) and they are allowed in the whirlpool.Compared to the Four Seasons - rooms are smaller at the Park Hyatt, but updated to the max!You wont go wrong with the Park Hyatt.	
Aug 19 2005	5 star hotel at 4 star rate	I've stayed at the ritz and the peninsula, i'm telling you this rates right up with both. In some ways i liked this hotel better. NoMI is the best restaurant in chicago. The rooms are beautiful with deep sunken tubs and sliding panels that open from the bathroom into the rest of the room. This along with outstanding service give this hotel true value. This is a five star hotel with four star rates.	
Aug 10 2005	Modern and Chic	I stayed at Park Hyatt with my friend. I felt the Front Desk was not Friendly.The Agent who checked me in did not smile or use my last name.The room was so beautiful and modern . I love the size of bathroom .The bed in room was so comfortable . Great Hotel and wonderful location.	
Aug 2 2005 	Great Location BUT....	Beautiful hotel, excellent location, great service. But......cell phone reception is awful or non-existent (we had to go outside at all hours of the day and night) and the same is true for wi-fi. However, if you're here on a romantic getaway and don't WANT to use your cell phone, then the Park Hyatt is the place. I'll leave my cell phone and laptop home and stay here again.	
Aug 2 2005	First Class	Absolute first class all the way. Check in started the second my car door was opened by a hotel staff member at the valet parking area. My key card was ready by the time I got to the check in desk and with a quick swipe of my credit card I was escorted to the elevator where my bagage and a bell boy were waiting. The room was perfect in every sense. I struggled to find some minor thing that was not perfect, I couldn't find anything. My room was cleaned twice daily, I never saw the maid. Valet parking was perfect. Every individual I encountered went out of their way to give me anything I had requested.	
Aug 2 2005	Deserves the ratings stars!	This is a well run, comfortable place to stay...and an almost second home for multiple business trips to Chicago. The rooms are so nice I have not felt so bad being too tired to venture out. The rooms are quiet and the hotel feels safe and secure. It is nice to be recognized as a returning guest and have staff that is ready, willing and able to make accomodations and attend to requests efficiently and sincerely. Although the room service prices are quite pricey, the food is great and served nicely. The restaurant for breakfast is a great way to start the day, looking out at the Water Tower and the lake beyond. The rooms are spotless and well organized, and comfortable for working and relaxing. Great fitness center and nice lap pool.....(indoor). A five minute walk in any direction leads to great shopping and restaurant options, and multiple transportation options from the wonderful hotel driver to public bus/el or taxi service. I have found a lot of the lower tier Hyatt properties lacking and not keeping up to speed, but this property is the best of the brand, without exception.	
Jul 11 2005 	The Park Hyatt Chicago - an little piece of heaven	The Park Hyatt Chicago is a luxurious hotel situated by the Water Tower on Michigan Avenue. It's right in the middle of the shopping district. The rooms are beautiful. The bath products were fantastic. I loved the soap so much I asked to for a few extras to take home. To my disbelief - housekeeping gave me more than 20 bars of soap! (the products are davies gates and typically cost $10 a bar). The restaurant/lounge has good drinks and great food. The service was impeccable and the staff very polite and helpful. This is a must stay. Oh yes... and the beds... they are so comfortable. You feel as if you are floating on a cloud.	
Jul 8 2005	Awesome	The rooms at the Park Hyatt are to die for in my opinion. They are just my style. Warm, ultra modern and clean. Wish I could afford to stay here more often.	
Jul 6 2005	Very luxurious hotel	After treating my mother and father-in-law to a weekend downtown at the Park Hyatt, I can sum the hotel up in one word: Impressive. We live in the western suburbs of Chicago and wanted to make a “weekend” of it. I chose this hotel online and made the perfect choice.Service:Top-notch. Everyone from the reception desk, to bellmen to servers were polite and very gracious. They treat you like you're a king.Check-in:We arrived for our 3pm check-in at 2:45 and our room wasn’t ready yet. We checked our bags with the bellmen and walked down Rush street to decide where to eat dinner while we waited. I got a call on my cell phone at 4:45 letting me know the room was ready. This was a long wait for our room but didn’t bother us because there was lots of sightseeing. They seemed sincerely sorry we had to wait so long, too.Location:THIS is what you’re paying the big bucks for! This hotel is prime. It is smack on Michigan avenue, kiddie corner from Watertower place, You can walk a few blocks and swim at Oak Street beach, visit the Hancock building, catch a bus to navy pier or just walk around and take in the sights. Rush street in on the other side of this hotel, so you have access to plenty of great restaurants – all of which you can walk to! Amenities:This hotel has the most fabulous workout facility I’ve seen. Wonderful equipment in a setting that even tempts couch potatoes to work out! The 7th floor gym has glass windows that look out over the city and the hotel’s indoor lap pool. There are complimentary bottles of water and towels everywhere. The bathrooms have toothbrushes, toothpaste, mouthwash, lotions, shower caps: the works. You almost don’t even need to PACK if you’re staying here! (There are even candles burning in the ladies room for ambience!)Rooms:The good size rooms do not look like “hotel” rooms at all. They look like decorator showrooms. Beds have white feather top bedding and feather pillows. The bathrooms have lovely soaps, lotions, candles etc. There is potpourri in bowls in baths, on the desk, even by the elevators in the hall! But the view is to die for. We looked out over the lake and could watch the people strolling on Michigan avenue.Final note:We took a boat ride on Saturday night, and it was pointed out during the tour that Oprah owns the top penthouse in this hotel. I can see why.	
May 11 2005	Best Place to Stay in Chicago	I just returned from my 4th stay at this fabulous hotel. Having stayed at several hotels on Michigan Ave., this one is tops! You just can't beat the location, atmosphere, wonderful staff &amp; impeccable service, not to mention that the room &amp; bathroom sizes are one of the largest for a downtown hotel. The location is great - shopping &amp; restaurants are all within easy walking distance, plus the hotel reastauant/lounge - NoMI, is excellent. Staying at the Park Hyatt, although located in a hub of activity, is a relaxing &amp; serene experience.	
Apr 13 2005 	Unbelievable	Had a long weekend at the Park Hyatt 4/1/05-4//4/05 with my wife. To start the hotel and rooms smell great thanks to kiwi potpourri. Check in is a breeze and they apologized because I had to wait 5 seconds. The rooms are beautiful, large, modern and clean with an amazing bathroom. The health club and pool are top of the line and the service is unmatched anywhere. Food at Nomi is terrific though the portions are somewhat small. Their location is perfect for all activites. What a great weekend.	
Apr 5 2005 	Fantastic	This is the place to choose if you travel to Chicago. Suberb bedroom with huge window, bathroom is like a private spa. The sound system as well as the tv is out of this world. The staff is very nice and attentive to details. Just to sum up: The best hotel in Chicago!	
Mar 22 2005	Wow Wow Wow!!!!!	You have to stay at this hotel! Especially if you are visiting the American Girl Doll store. I just returned from a weekend getaway at the Park Hyatt March 18th-20th. We stayed in their standard room, and let me tell you there was nothing standard about it. Everything was top of the line. Top shelf bottled water and fresh fruit awaited us upon arrival, the room was immaculate, flat screen t.v.'s with free movies in the bedroom and the bathroom. The bathroom was like having our own personal spa. Complimentary sea salts,loofah, and scented candles were just the beginning. We were worried about the room because we usually stay in a suite, but we booked last minute and this was all they had available. I was so suprised, and pleased! The room had huge windows with window seats over looking Michigan Ave. They even had a present from the doll store for each of my daughters sitting on the window seat when we arrived, and specialty cookies and milk for them before bedtime, all complimentary!!! We left in the evening to go to dinner and when we returned they had 2 doll beds awaiting my little girl's dolls and slippers and robes set out for us. The beds were heaven. I have stayed in some of the nicest hotels in Chicago and their beds cannot compare. I could go on for days on how great our stay was! Strange for me because I am very picky about where we stay. If you're big on service come here, it's the best service I have ever received in Chicago. The breakfast at Nomi was very good. I've been to the Ritz, Drake, and Peninsula, and the Park Hyatt has been my most memorable experience!	
Feb 28 2005	The Best of the Best	As a travel agent we hear and see the best and the worst and I have to say this is the Best Hotel I have ever stayed in. THe room was amazing. It overlooked the Water Tower and Lake Michigan. We were greeted quickly and up at our room within minutes of getting out of our car. We had drove over 7 hours from Minnesota. Our Bellman was informational and asked if we needed any further assistance and made us feel right at home. The room was large with the beds being very comfortable. Now for even the better part the Bathroom was as large as my kitchen at home. It had a large deep tub and separate toliet and separate shower. I cannot say enough about this hotel except it is worth every penny.	
Jan 29 2005	This is why this hotel is Park Hyatt's flagship	We have stayed at many Park Hyatt properties in the past and were very impressed with the Park Hyatt Chicago when we stayed at it for a weekend getaway. There is a reason why the Hyatt company calls the Chicago Park Hyatt their &quot;flagship&quot; Park Hyatt, and it is obvious to anybody who steps into this hotel. The hotel is centrally located on N. Michigan Avenue across from the Water Tower and within walking or 5-min taxi distance of all that you would want to do in downtown Chicago. On entering the hotel lobby, you feel like you've been transported into another world. The staff is extremely gracious and inviting, and the interior screams 5-star quality. The rooms are exceptional, even by Park Hyatt standards. Spacious, clean, wonderful amenities, LCD TV's, luxurious bathroom, beds you will not want to get out of... in a word: perfect. The hotel's flagship restaurant, NoMi has a wonderful brunch menu. Dinner at NoMi meets or exceeds the high standards you would expect at any top-tier fine restaurant in Chicago. We would recommend this hotel to all of our friends and family, and think that it is definitely worth the 5-star price.	
Jan 4 2005	Best rooms and Location	I have been fortunate to travel extensively in the U.S. on a fairly generous expense account and I've had a chance to stay in many of the best hotels in the country. Overall I'd have to say that the Park Hyatt Chicago is as fine as any city hotel in the U.S. We live just outside Chicago and when we want a city getaway, the Park Hyatt is the only game in town: The highlights:LOCATION: It's the best in the city: across the street from the Water Tower and the John Hancock Tower, central to all the north Michigan avenue and Oak Street shopping, and directly opposite American Girl place. To be fair, the Ritz, the Four Seasons and the Peninsula are all in the neighborhood too.ROOMS: This is a pretty new hotel so the rooms were designed with modern touches in mind: giant bathrooms with oversized tubs and an LCD TV; a long hallway separating the sleeping area from the corridors; a great padded window seat overlooking Michigan Avenue and the lake, Eames chairs in every room, Sony Flat-screen TVs with a home theater receiver and a DVD/CD player : all the toys. The decor is simple, modern and elegant, and is, to my mind, just right: not as severe and self consciously &quot;hip&quot; as a W or most of the modern boutique hotels, but not as silly as the attempts of a newly built Ritz-Carlton to look old and fancy. Michigan Avenue can be noisy so you may want to get a high floor. The standard rooms here are the nicest around.PUBLIC SPACES: These too are in a restrained modern style. Very nice, but not over the top. It's a fairly small hotel so the lobby, the library sitting area, etc., are not huge. The rooms are so nice, though, that there's not much point to hanging out in the lobby. The spa, locker rooms and pool are all also top notch, but not large. Last week my wife and I had the whole pool and jacuzzi to ourselves: at 11:00 a.m on a Sunday!SERVICE&quot; We have stayed there with our daughters (2 and 8) and without. We were made to feel very welcome either way. We made no extraordinary demands on the hotle staff but received very good service whenever we dealt with the staff.PRICE: We have always been able to get a room here for $200 to $300 and often an upgrade to a suite or a deluxe (eastern-facing) room. Why pay another hundred (or more) for the Peninsula or Ritz?	
Jan 3 2005	Park Hyatt	I spent three different weekends at the Park Hyatt in November and December of 2004. It was by far the best hotel in Chicago that I have stayed in. The staff is very friendly and attentive. I stayed in the Lake Suite and it was breathtaking. The view of the lake as well as part of the magnificent mile was wonderful. The bedroon had a large HDTV on the wall and there was a small one in the bathroom. The living room and kitchen were beautifully decorated. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone that wants class along with comfort.	
Jan 1 2005	Make this one your Chicago destination		
Dec 13 2004	Large but nice		
Sep 4 2004	A Guaranteed Approval!		
Jul 19 2004	My Best Hotel Experience in Chicago		
Apr 27 2004	Luxury and service await		
Apr 14 2004 	What a Great Hotel		
Jan 19 2004	Almost didn't want to leave the room!!!!		
Sep 24 2003	This is my favorite hotel		
Aug 11 2003	A great getaway!!!		
Mar 11 2003	A first class experience		
Jul 28 2009 	????		
Oct 18 2008 	???????????????		
