Nov 22 2009 	Can't wait to go back!	This was my first time visiting Chicago and it will not be the last, and I will stay at this Best Western again. The employees at the front desk are great! They are very polite and helpful. The rooms are a little small but very comfortable. This hotel is very clean, and that made me very happy! Love the coffee and bakery shop near the lobby. The location of the hotel can't get any better. Because of that we saved a lot of money in transportation. We walked everywhere! There are two breakfast places near by, Yolk right next door. The breakfast there is excellent and the portions are huge and the other one we loved was on the street right behind the hotel, Eleven City Deli. A Jewish deli with lost of personality, great food, huge portions and great service. I'm already planning my next trip to the windy city!	
Nov 13 2009 	Would Stay Here Again	Great location for the South Shore Line and the Shedd Aquarium. Our room was emmaculate as was the lobby. The bed was very comfortable...wish I could have brought it home with me. Staff was friendly and helpful.	
Nov 11 2009	very nice hotel	hotel was real nice staff was very friendly room was great an clean the resturant an bar are excellent would recomend an will stay again	
Oct 20 2009 	Good location for the price	The hotel was the best location for the price, right on Michigan Ave. and walking distace to a lot of attractions. however the walls are thin and you can here the train going by every now and then plus the people in the hall. While the staff is nice there aren't enough. I you want your car call for AT LEAST thirty min. before you need it, it takes awhile. I only stayed two nights and didn't spend much time in the room so it was ok, I liked the location for sight seeing, and YOLK the breakfast place next door, I would probably stay again just because of the value. Also the computers in the lobby can be used to print things out but many people had difficulty with it, but if you call the help hotline on the computer they are GREAT and will get what you need.	
Sep 28 2009 	Reasonable value for location but experienced irritating problems.	The hotel has a Michigan Avenue address, but its main axis runs east-west along 11th St. This means only two rooms per floor, at the eastern end, face Grant Park and the lake, the rest face either north or south, looking out at tall buildings. All rooms are of the same size, or very close to it, and they are of modest size, especially by American standards. Ours had a standard (and comfortable) double bed, which left enough space for reasonable comfort, but nothing more.We took a lake-facing room. We paid a substantial premium for this, but the outlook was very nice, indeed. However, we were on the 9th/top floor, and I would think at anything on the 6th or below, the more limited outlook would not justify the cost. Further, these rooms face Michigan Avenue, which is a very busy city street - on the 9th floor, traffic noise was quite intrusive; below that, it would be progressively worse.There is a valet parking service, for which the daily charge is $24 (plus tax). I thought this was quite a hit, but it turned out to be reasonable in comparison with other nearby sites, of which there are many; in fact, I didn't find one cheaper. The parking used is adjacent to the hotel, just metres away, but there is no self-parking and the hotel will not allow you to access your car while it's parked there. If you want to do so, they have to bring the car to the door.The hotel's location, directly opposite Grant Park and about a mile south of downtown, is really good, certainly at this price. The #3 bus runs past the door, and it will take you north to the Magnificent Mile in about 5 minutes. We were very pleased with the location.But we had several irritating problems. When we arrived, the room had no lighting at all except for two low-powered bedside lamps - it soon got too dark! We asked for a floor lamp and that was duly delivered, with the comment that it should have already been there - did no-one notice this? Next, because of the number and location of electrical outlets, we found the microwave would not work unless the fridge was unplugged, and vice versa. We complained about this, and a man duly arrived with sundry electric cables and, eventually, got everything to work. Again, sloppy.Finally, there was the wifi, or lack of it. Wifi is supposed to be available in all rooms, but would not work in our room (although, when I tried my laptop in the lobby, that worked fine). We stayed for 3 days and, still, when we left - no room wifi. Annoyingly, the reception staff always tried to deflect this issue to their service provider (their first proposal was that I, a guest, should contact this provider) without, I believe, making the slightest effort to fix the problem. On checkout, they conceded &quot;there might be a problem on the 9th floor&quot;, still attributing it to their ISP. I doubt this situation will ever change so, if wifi room connection is important to you, I recommend you test the room offered before committing to it.We enjoyed the location, the room was comfortable, and the rate for this location was not bad. But........irritating problems!	
Sep 11 2009 	Useful base for discovering Chicago	We stayed at this hotel for 5 days at the beginning of August. It's nothing spectacular but it served as a good, comfortable base whilst we were in Chicago. The hotel is very convenient for attractions in the Loop and those of the Museum Campus. Also easy access to the lakeside where there are spectacular views of the Chicago skyline. We ate breakfast in the restauarant one morning and there was nothing wrong with the build-your-own omelette but there are other options in Yolk next door. The Eleven City Diner round the corner on S Wabash is pretty much open all hours and is handy if you've had a hard days sightseeing. Another local option is The Exchequer pub and restaurant a little further North on S Wabash - really good food. There is also a Jewel-Osco for groceries further South on S Wabash although for some reason the area around it suddenly becomes a bit more edgy. The Lollapalooza festival was on in Grant Park when we were there which was interesting although it obviously meant access to the Park was restricted. The Art Institute of Chicago is 10 minutes walk away as is the Crown fountain and the Cloud Gate (aka 'The Bean') and definitely make sure you take a ride on the actual 'Loop' itself.	
Aug 31 2009 	Tops in service and location!	The staff were always very helpful, knowledgeable, and responsive. Great location. Our room was comfortable, but very tight on space. We didn't have a full supply of towels, but the staff was quick to respond when I called about this. The help at the front desk was always very accommodating, informative, and polite. I was surprised that we didn't experience nighttime noise from other guests. We didn't try the restaurant. The location is excellent. Parking costs $24 a night, and we could not access our car without valet service, but this was acceptable, given the circumstances.	
Aug 22 2009 	We got bedbugs in our room	The review I would have written soon after our stay in this hotel would have sounded like this: nice hotel in a good position for the museum district, not as good as Best Western River North (bigger rooms, nicer staff, breakfast included) and a little pricey for its value.My opinion changed about a month ago, when we found out we had a bedbug infestation in our house. We found the origin of the infestation was in one of the suitcases we had used during our stay in Chicago. We hadn't been anywhere else in the last few months, so there was little doubt about the origin of the infestation. To get rid of the bugs, we had to resort to professional pest control, wash every cloth in the house and get rid of several possessions. A horrible experience, the more so because we have two very small children. I wrote to the hotel not asking for any kind of refund, but merely suggesting they should check the room we had stayed in - unfortunately, I don't remember the number - for signs of bedbugs. They never bothered to answer. All I'm saying is: beware before sleeping in this hotel.	
Jul 26 2009 	Pricey Room for What You Get	We stayed at this hotel for two nights while visiting Columbia College for orientation. We paid $179 per night, which I think is high for this quality of a hotel. Supposedly there was a conference going on and they could not give us the &quot;Columbia College&quot; discount. Front desk staff was helpful and friendly during our stay. Our room was on the 8th floor with a nice view of Grant Park and a slight view of the lake if you looked hard enough. While it was nice to have a view, you also get the Michigan Avenue street noise on this side of the hotel. The room was adequate, and the beds were pretty comfortable. We selected this hotel due to its proximity to Columbia College, free wireless internet and $24 per night valet parking, which is much less than other hotels. However the front desk clerk asked if we would be using our car during the stay, and when we told him no he directed us to a secure parking garage a couple blocks away which charges $14 per night. We ate at Mei's Restaurant in the hotel for one meal, and it was just okay. I probably won't go back there. But as others have suggested, Yolk next door serves up an awesome breakfast. I would stay at this hotel again if I was able to get a better rate. Otherwise I think there are nicer hotels for the money.	
Jul 24 2009 	Clean comfortable hotel with few frills.	This hotel was clean and comfortable with minimum frills. It was in a good location, right next to Grant Park and close to their public transportation system. Unfortunately for us, the Chicago Bears stadium happens to be right across Grant Park and we happened to be staying there a weekend when the Bears were playing at home; for about 2 hours after the game let out, COMPLETE chaos outside our hotel room as people frantically tried to grab taxis. Other than that, it was pretty good.	
May 31 2009 	Great view of the lake	It was our first time to Chicago. Very friendly staff. 2 blocks from a subway stop. Very convenient. 3rd story pool. Next door to an excellent breakfast place. Right across from the park. Upgrade to the lakeview rooms. It is worth it. No complaints here. The outside is not anything special but will more than suffice.	
Apr 8 2009 	Very Reasonable	My husband stayed because it was relatively close to the convention center. He found the rooms small but clean and adequate. Staff were helpful. And to save money it was only a block from the train to get to and from the airport (a couple of dollars compared to cab fare). Not a lot of choice or restaurants in the area but adequate.	
Mar 27 2009	A wonderful value for the money!	The Best Western Grant Park Hotel is reasonably priced, comfortable, in a great location, and the staff was amazing! You are particularly in luck when either Octavio or Alfonso is working. They both have fantastic customer service skills! The standard rooms are small and regulating the temperature was a little tricky; however, neither of these issues were severe enough to turn a good trip bad. Although they didn't have a full-service restaurant available on site, it is partially open, as they are currently able to service for breakfast and lunch. Plus, they have a very nice wine bar, and a pizza establishment called Sarpino's nearby that will deliver to the hotel for FREE, with a 10% discount if you order online, which can also be done for free using one of the complimentary desktop computers housed in the lobby! I will definitely stay here again, and would recommend with confidence.	
Mar 16 2009 	Great value for the money	Stayed at this hotel for St. Patrick's Day weekend (03/13-03/15/09). Clean, comfortable, easy access to parking. A bit of a hike to downtown area, but window shopping along the way was pleasant. Would be very convenient to Soldier Field.	
Feb 24 2009 	Decent room hard to regulate temperature	The best thing about the BW Grant Park Hotel in Chicago is it's location. A 5-minute walk from Museum Campus (Aquarium, Planetarium, Field Museum), with bus stops right outside to take you up to the Art Institute or Magnificent Mile, and a great view if you get an east-facing room. The second best thing about this hotel was actually the restaurant that is attached to its lobby, &quot;Mei's Kitchen&quot;. For breakfast only, it provides an excellent value - it's &quot;Eggsellent Dish&quot; consists of 2 (LARGE) eggs, meat, toast/bagel, with hash brown or a large bowl of fruit for under $7.00 US. The fruit is actually sweet and fresh, not canned or frozen - even in February! The service and the rooms were ok - not sparkling or sophisticated but decent enough, and a great value in the off-season. The worst part was the temerature - we had a north-facing view and it was hard to regulate so it was either too hot or too cold! The fitness centre is a tiny room with a couple of cardio machines, and the pool is outside - so forget about it in the off-season.	
Feb 20 2009 	Nice Hotel only OK location.	Chicago was the starting point for our 3 week trip in the States. We originally booked this hotel online coming up to the time we were due to go away. Starting to panic, we just looked for a nice, recognizable name somewhere that looked accessible. We were pleasantly surprised. We aimed for something cheap and cheerful and that is what we got. The hotel was nice, it was clean and comfortable whilst not being too over the top. Rooms were nice, again clean and comfortable which is most important for me and spacious enough. It also has Internet access for guests in the lobby. The staff for the most part were nice but had maybe one or two members who could have been more helpful or even just friendly! The hotel had a restaurant which again was nice but again nothing too fussy, if that is what you're looking for.The biggest problem with the hotel I found was perhaps the location. Whilst it was perfect for sightseeing in the Grant Park / aquarium, planetarium and museum area, it was a little out of the way for the rest and for night life etc. We found ourselves most nights just ending up in the hotel restaurant because we were so tired from walking all day and hadn't the energy to walk a ways to find another decent restaurant, which was very disappointing.Overall, the hotel surprised us as we were starting to worry over its location. We received a lovely welcome and in general we were happy with our stay.	
Feb 20 2009 	Great for the price...	I found a bargain deal on this hotel on Expedia (?) and from the reviews I had read on here (Tripadvisor) I wasn’t expecting very much for my money. The free wireless and my own bathroom where the main reasons I had booked here. My room was large, as was the bathroom. On the ninth floor of the building. Yes, the furnishings were bland and dated, but that was okay with me. What really bugged me though was the noise; the constant noise. On the first night I just assumed that it was the wind and that I heard it more because I was on the top floor – and thought nothing more of it. I am a light sleeper at the best of times and usually sleep wearing earplugs. I had to keep the earplugs in whenever I was in my room and not watching television. The noise drove me insane. I don’t know what it was – probably an old fashioned antiquated ventilation system. The noise really threatened to ruin my time there. On another note, the maid took off with one of my tshirts and some of my underwear – and didn’t return them. Would I stay here again? Perhaps… but only for less than £50 a night.	
Jan 29 2009 	Porfessional stay dealt with problem	I was sceduled to stay at the Best Western Grant Park for two nights during a convention this week.  I had book a good price thru Orbitz, and thought the location was good for McCormack Place.Check in went good, the desk staff was very curious, the room was a little dated, but clean and warm.  I was very satisfied.Soon after arrival I found a lack of water pressure, which soon turned into no water at all.  The management was sorry and hoped water would soon be resumed. After an hour I requested the Best Western move me to a hotel with running water.The manager was very accommodating. They arranged for a room at the Whitehall Hotel and even paid my cab fair to get there. The White Hall is a sister hall located in the heart of Downtown, and was actually a big up grade. All for the original good price.With this professional service, I will not hesitate to stay at eitherthe Best Western Grant Park or White Hall in the future.	
Jan 10 2009 	Blame it on the Bears	Have stayed here in past after Bears nite games as the location is convenient and the price is low. Never had a problem though would have rated it just &quot;okay&quot;. The last time I spent the nite is the last time I will stay. A man was on the loose in the hall, yelling and banging aggressively on doors. I called the front desk and was told that I was the second complaint and that they needed one more complaint to take action as the hotel had a &quot;three complaint&quot; policy. Did not sleep all night which negated the reason for even being there. I live about an hour away and should have made the drive. I wrote two letters when I got home, one to corporate Best Western and one to the local facility. Got a call from the local customer service saying that I must have misunderstood the policy and the front desk did not say what I heard. Got an email from corporate reiterating the response I got from the local unit and offering a gift card for 25$ to be used.... at Best Western. There is a very nice Hyatt down the street as well as a myriad of other hotels. I will be spending the extra money to stay at one of them in 2009.	
Dec 9 2008	Quite nice	We got a good deal on this hotel through Priceline, and stayed here for four nights. It's a fairly basic hotel and the decor is old school, but it is very close to the Roosevelt station, and it's only a 15 minute walk to the heart of the Loop and Millenium Park. We also really liked the free internet in the room.Our room was on the 4th floor and had no real view to speak of. One annoying problem we encountered was on the first day there, we returned to our room at 5:15pm to find it still hadn't been cleaned. Apparently the cleaner just skipped it, but it was a little annoying.If you do stay here, be sure to have breakfast or brunch at Yolk which is basically next door. Their Chicken Fajita Omlette is not to be missed.All in all, the Best Western is a fine choice if you're watching your pennies in Chicago, but if you can afford better, then do it.	
Nov 28 2008 	Good Location	We were five students who booked a room at the Grant Park. Overall, we had a good experience.Pluses: Clean, helpful staff, convenient location on the edge of the Loop, not far from the McCormick Convention Center and close to the El.Minuses: Make sure your suite really has a fold-out couch. Ours did not, and we weren't allowed a roll-a-bed (Chicago law?), so one of us bunked on the couch. The bathroom did not have a sink separate from the toilet/shower, which is a problem when you have five women in a room. Warning: The restaurant next door makes hideously awful cocktails so be forewarned!The price was excellent because we booked well in advance, so overall, I recommend it.	
Oct 7 2008	nice view!	We were quite high up so the view out of the window was goodLiked Chicago very much loved millenium park.Parking in the surrounding area was poor. Understand the coach driver had to move the coach in the middle of the night.	
Sep 14 2008 	An excellent choice	This hotel was an excellent choice for comfortable, affordable lodging in the downtown Chicago area. It is located right across the street from the Field Museum and Aquarium. The room was not plush but certainly pleasant. Best of all, the customer service by all front desk personnel was outstanding. Very helpful with advice on nearby restaurants and transportation options for getting around town. I would return to this hotel in a heartbeat.	
Aug 28 2008 	Perfect for Price	We were looking for accommodation in down town Chicago that was clean but was in our price range. This hotel surpassed our expectations, actually working out less expensive than we were originally quoted. Whilst the decor may be some what dated, it provided the service required.	
Aug 24 2008 	Great Location	We just returned from our stay at the Best Western Grant Park, and I have to admit we were pleasantly surprised. When we arrived, the hotel exterior looks exactly like the pictures on the web site -- not good -- but we picked this hotel for the location and the price. The front desk staff -- all I can say is they did their job. They were not rude because we didn't have any problems, but they were not extremely friendly and welcoming either. The valet were extremely friendly and helpful though, even when we didn't need our car.Our room was pretty small, but we had a king bed which was probably one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever slept in; however, the pillows sucked. Our room was also &quot;wheelchair accessible,&quot; but again, it was small. As for wheelchair accessible, I would only recommend this room for persons who can easily transfer themselves because the bathroom was kind of small too. We had a stand-in shower (no tub) with a fold-down bench, but the bench sat up pretty high.We didn't use the pool, but saw it. It was very small. No wheelchair access to the pool.Like I said, we chose this hotel for its location. It is walking distance to the Field Museum/Shedd Aquarium/Planetarium and Soldier Field, right across the street from a Metra stop, and around the corner from the Roosevelt &quot;L&quot; stop. There are several nice restaurants in the area as well. We also had lunch in the restaurant attached, which was OK. But we enjoyed having a few cocktails at the bar before heading to bed.I would recommend this hotel for its convenience and as a place to sleep. We didn't actually spend very much time in our room because we were always on the go. The hotel isn't as trashy as the pictures make it seem. We would stay here again.	
Aug 20 2008 	Excellent Location and Great Service	I booked this hotel via continental.com with the primary reason being 1. The cheapest on Michigan Avenue2. Reasonable valet parking charges3. Decent reviews onlineWe were travelling with 1 yr. old and absolutely happy with the location, service etc. Rooms were little smaller but I guess that's ok. Walking distance to Sears Tower, Milleneum Park, B. Fountain. In worst case, doesn't cost more than 10 bucks for a cab from any attractions to the hotel. I would definitely stay there again... And best part, conviniently located from Roosvelt Train Station and other Metra Station.	
Aug 11 2008 	Lower priced option	I was hesitant about reserving this hotel, as the price was on the lower side of Chicago hotels. And the reviews I had read were mixed. We had a nice room on the 9th floor, with views of Lake Michigan. Walking distance (less than 2 blks) to Shedd Aquarium and Subway. Restaurant/bar on site...decent food/price. We were very pleased w/ our accommodations....	
Aug 10 2008 	Great location!	I gave the hotel an above average rating mainly because of the location and the price. It truly can not be beat. The rooms were spacious, two queen beds and a separated living room area. The beds were comfy and the room had a fridge in it so you can stock it with water etc for your stay. The downfall would be the service, ie. valet parking, check in, check out etc. You are instructed to call 20min in advance for your car because they have to retrieve your car from another lot, which is fine and maybe they were having an off day, but we waited almost an hour. And there was never any one around for us to even complain to. Also, check in is at three, and we were not given a room until almost 4:45PM! The lobby is nice, but small, so sitting there with all the luggage and kids for almost two hours did not start the weekend off with a bang. But all in all, I would still stay there again.	
Aug 9 2008 	Chicago's Version of a Youth Hostel	I was booked into this &quot;hotel&quot; as the facilities at the conference I was attending were sold out - the Palmer House Hilton. Now, the Palmer House is a very nice, vintage hotel sitting right on top of the Red Line. It’s a pretty cool place to drop by if you like art deco motifs and a cool throwback lobby bar. However, I spent my nights at the Best Western Grant Park. Now I know that our friends at the ole' BW don't advertise that their properties will be on par with a Hilton, however they are expected to hold up some modicum of adequacy. This property is anything but...The exterior of the hotel is as tired and careworn as Phyllis Diller after a long night in Vegas. It literally looks like its about to be torn down. Shabby and tattered, it sticks out like a sore thumb amongst the gleaming new high rise condos along the lakeshore. The lobby is small and noisy, but does have two complementary computers for the use of guests. Check in was quick and easy, and then I made my way to the room. My room was a reflection of the exterior, beaten down and threadbare. It was dirty and the furniture was ‘beaten up’ – literally. It looked like someone had been at it with a ball-peen hammer. The television was so old it required some odd device to enable it to have a remote control and the tuner inside hummed like someone on the Gong Show. I turned it off almost as soon as I turned it on. The bed…well, the bed had one of those wonderful scratchy polyester bedspread things that you wonder what would be on it if you blacklighted the room – it went in the closet as soon as I walked in. It was as lumpy as cold oatmeal and the sheets stank of bleach. I suppose that I should have been happy they were sanitized. I will say one good thing, the two pillows they supplied were awesome – the squishy huggable kind.The bathroom was crammed into the corner of the room and was also pretty filthy. I love flipping back the shower curtain to see a very long red hair draped over the tub. Yummy! The toiletries were standard BW wrapped soaps and mystery shampoos. There were no tissues in the dispenser and it was not refilled the three days I was trapped there. I did not venture into the pool, which looked like it belonged in a trailer park, but I did go to their “workout room”. It was wedged into a converted guest room and did have a treadmill, stepper, elliptical and universal machine. There was a TV in there to watch while you sweated away. I went back to the room from the conference at 2:30 one afternoon and my room had still not been serviced (which I can understand as I was not checking out that day.) However, when I did politely ask the maid in Spanish if she could clean my room next she basically rolled her eyes and stormed back to her cart. I made sure to hide my toothbrush before she went to the room to clean it.The strange thing about this hotel for me was that I was the only U.S. citizen staying in it. I heard more languages spoken in those three days than I did when I toured the U.N. building. I know the dollar is weak enough for our European and Pacific Rim friends to stay in better locations. However, I saw more German backpackers and folks toting cameras that I ever have in one, filthy little place.Bottom line, if this hotel is actually still operating when you go to book your trip and has not been condemned, find another place to stay. There is an actual Hostel down the street on Wabash that looked a hell of a lot nicer and is probably cheaper. And, yes, it too will have the German backpackers…	
Jul 11 2008 	Overall decent place	Service was generally good and efficient. Front desk overall efficient, e.g. a request for extra blankets was fulfilled within 10 minutes. Lobby is clean and fresh. Room was cleaned daily to a decent standard.Nice big TV in room with big windows and great views if you face the Lake direction. However can get draughty in the wind, and the heating is noisy: think Boeing 747 taking off for the sound effect! Location is extremely far from Mag Mile - further than Hilton Towers - but good for the Museum Campus/Bears Stadium.Adjacent restaurant offers an amazingly expensive breakfast at $30 per person. Beware! Better to head up S Michigan to get something elsewhere for $10! The coffee provided in the room is pretty disgusting. However overall a decent hotel and better than the run down exterior suggests. Recommened if the Hilton up the street is above your budget.	
Jul 2 2008 	A very nice place to stay	I was very impressed with this hotel located on S. Michigan Avenue in the Grant Park area of Chicago. We stayed in room 917, which appeared to be recently remodeled. I think it was the cleanest hotel room I have ever stayed in. The bathroom was fresh and clean, no hair, soap scum or mildew in sight. I was very impressed with how clean and white everything was. The beds were very comfortable. The pillows were a little softer than I like, but were ok. Everything was clean and fresh - I wasn't even afraid to walk on the carpet with no shoes on. Some reviews I have seen complain about noise from the Loop, but I did not hear any noise. It's fairly close to the Loop, but not close enough to disturb your sleep. This hotel is about 2 miles from the Navy Pier and the front desk clerks are very helpful with tips on how to get around. We booked through Expedia and saved a lot on the room rate. The only problem we had was that the hotel parking garage is closed for renovation so we had to park in an open lot a couple of blocks away that was $13 a night. It would have been nice to know ahead of time that the parking garage would be unavailable.	
Jun 30 2008 	Great Value Great Location	Great place to stay at a reasonable price. We found the Grant Park Best Western clean, quiet and very close to everything we wanted to do in Chicago.	
May 19 2008 	Lollapalooza Weekend = Great Experience	My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel for about five days at around $100 per night for the first weekend in August. The Lollapalooza festival was that weekend and the hotel is about as close as you can get to the gates, even though it's still a bit of a hike.The hotel staff we quite friendly and helpful and we had no problems checking in, or at all during our stay. The rooms are no frills, but then again we just needed a place to rest our heads. We actually used the hotel more than we expected, as the 2nd floor rooftop pool and fitness center were quite nice for the price of the hotel. The shower/bathroom was nice and there was plenty of space to store all of our goods. Service staff was excellent.There are plenty of options nearby for food, even a nice grocery store just a few blocks away. We were able to stock up on some cheap eats, beer, etc. to keep us company in the room. There is a diner around the corner that's really hip and the food was incredible, I've gotta think of the name and come back here to post.As far as the location goes, you simply can't beat this place for the price. When you're in Chicago you should really be seeing Chicago, and this hotel provides a comfy space and a decently clean environment.	
Apr 22 2008 	Comfortable stay!	I was visiting Chicago for the first time to attend a seminar at the Art Institute, and was looking for a hotel within walking distance that wouldn't give my accounting department a heart attack. There were a couple others on Michigan Ave that I considered before going with the Best Western, and I'm glad I did! I arrived VERY early (10 am!) and the front desk was kind enough to verify that my room was indeed not ready, then offered to store my bags &amp; recommended a cafe next door for brunch and a map of the area. (FYI Yolk is the cafe, not attached to the hotel but next door on Mich Ave... Best Breakfast Ever!) When I returned around 1:00 my room was ready, still 2 hours before the prescribed check-in time! Decor seemed relatively new (I vaguely remember reading about renovations in the past year), no peeling paper or dings in the furniture. Bed was very comfy with a thick pillowtop, and bath was very clean &amp; nicely appointed. Management had also implement some &quot;green&quot; practices which is something I like to look for in a hotel! Linen re-use, low-flow toilets &amp; water conserving showerheads were all great to see. Free internet access, although I couldn't get the wi-fi signal for some reason &amp; used the provided LAN cable instead. I would recommend this hotel to budget-constricted business travelers and families who want to be within walking distance of many of Chicago's attractions! Museums &amp; aquarium are very close, shopping &amp; Navy Pier are a bit of a hike but good exercise in nice weather.The only drawback is the noise. It didn't keep me up at night, but did disturb a mid-afternoon nap... not the 'El' or traffic so much, but right next door is the music department of Columbia College, and they like to rehearse on the top floor with the windows open, so you can hear every note!	
Apr 19 2008 	Best Western a good experience.	I stayed at this hotel while attending a Medical show at McCormick Place. It was a nice hotel better than expected. Quick Check-In in Clean room,. Had a coffeemaker and hairdryer in the room.The front desk was pleasant and knowledgeable. Had nice lobby with two internet computer, Free internet access (wireless)There was a connected restaurant that had above average food and drink. The hotel is almost directly on Michigan avenue within a brisk 15 minute walk of McCormick. I walked North on Michigan to Radio shack and Walgreen's so it is nicely located.I would recommend this hotel now and in the future. It is a quality establishment.	
Mar 14 2008 	Good rooms 	On balance this was a good hotel for the $88 + taxes I paid per night. Its only a short walk to the centre of Chicago and is close to the lake etc and the rooms were fine, definitely a cut above budget places I've stayed in for the same amount.The one (pretty big) drawback is the noise. I had a room on the 8th floor of the north side of the hotel (i.e. not directly onto Michigan Avenue, but it was still horrendously noisy. The windows are single glazed and so you can clearly hear all of the traffic as well as the elevated train, which runs close by. To further add to this noise, my room (824 I think) was also near the lifts and an ice-making machine (which must have been powered by a large tractor engine considering the noise).On the second night I moved rooms down the corridor away from the lifts and bought some earplugs, and then slept fine.I am a light sleeper and noise does wind me up when I’m trying to get to sleep so you can maybe ignore my opinion if you never have a problem (although previous reviewers have also commented on the noise).I would use this hotel again but wouldn't forget to bring earplugs.	
Mar 10 2008 	A Good Place to Stay	I recently went to Chicago for a conference. The conference hotel was too expensive, so I was looking for a less expensive hotel that was near the conference site.I searched several websites and found the Best Western Grant Park. It fit my requirements! At first, I was very worried about my selection. The picture of the BW building made it look old and run down. The pictures of the room looked better than those of the building but the decor seemed somewhat spartan! Several reviews from this site suggested that the hotel was basic but very clean and that the staff was very friendly. I put my faith in the trip advisor reviewers and they didn't let me down! I was pleased with my selection. This hotel is not as sexy or enticing as some of the trendy boutique hotels, but it is well maintained! If you're looking for luxury- you should bypass this spot. But, if you want a nice and affordable place, this will definitely serve that purpose. The exterior is pretty basic. The room interior was fine- flowered comforters and curtains, beige wallpaper, teal carpet, a picture on the wall...it's fine! The beds were nice and comfy. The wireless access was free (this was greatly appreciated)! I think the beds were doubles instead of queens but we quickly got over this. Also, the room wasn't as large as I thought it would be based on the website pictures- but it was not cramped (3 adults had a little room to move around). My only gripe with the hotel is that our wash cloths were taken but not replaced (hand and bath towels were replaced)- I found that odd and slightly frustrating but easily remedied!There is a little restaurant and wine bar off of the lobby. I didn't have a chance to go there but it seemed as though they had some decent wines available! The hotel is not too far from Millennium Park and one of the art museums. The hotel is in walking distance to the Loop and subway stops.Enjoy your stay!	
Feb 10 2008 	Suited us just fine	My husband &amp; I stayed here using our Air Miles for the booking.We were attending a taping of The Oprah Show &amp; were well aware of the fact that we would have to take some sort of public transit(bus or taxi) to get around for all that we wanted to do.We were on the 6th floor with a king bed.The room was a typical hotel room.The bed was comforatable but the pillows(3 of them) could have been king pillows &amp; not the regular size ones that they were.The bathroom was quite small but didn't create any problems.Lots of towels.Yes we could on occasion hear the train but since we were in the &quot;Windy City&quot; at 1st we just thought that was what we were hearing. It didn't NOT disrupt our sleeping.We ate in the restaurant downstairs for breakfast once &amp; dinner once. It was good. We might have seeked out other places but the weather was so poor that decided to stay put.Check in was no problem &amp; anytime we were down there they were very helpful.Kuddos to Alex (at the front desk) as when we were headed out to the taping of the show &amp; my hubby had not brought gloves or a hat (In feburary) we asked if there might be gloves in a lost &amp; found ,Alex was kind enough to lend us his umbrella to help keep us dry.I read reviews before we went but always take them with a grain of salt.I like to make my own decisions.This hotel suited us just fine &amp; other than not being in the centre of downtown I can't think of anything else that I might change.	
Jan 1 2008 	Closest to Soldier Field	After scoring tickets for my very first Chicago Bear game, I immediately started searching for a hotel. I read reviews on this hotel and moved on. This happened several times before I finally broke down and made the reservations. After driving for 3 hours we saw Soldier Field. At 1am Chicago time we were taking pictures outside to capture the moment. When we got into the car and started to our hotel we so excited. The hotel is only 2 1/2 blocks away. Check in was easy. We met other Bear fans, and a few Saints (boo) before we finally went to our room. When we peeked out the window... wow.. Soldier Field was right there. The hotel staff was very friendly.The rooms were very clean. Beds were comfortable. We had one thing go wrong and that's the shower head sprayed all over the bathroom, but we fixed it and let the front desk clerk know. There's a parking garage that is attached to to the Best Western that we chose because Valet was closed for the night. It was $20.00 to park but we didn't have to drive to the game we just left our car and walked. You can park in front of meters on the weekend and that's free. Even during games. But we chose to keep our car inside, off the streets. The next morning we went to the restaurant attached to the hotel totally expecting an outrageous pricing menu. Shocked were we when we found out 2 eggs, a bowl of fruit and toast was only $4.95. We were served within 5 minutes of ordering which helped since we were heading for the game. It was a win, win situation. I won by getting a great hotel at a great price, great location and the Bears won the most amazing game ever! Thanks for a great time Chicago! Can't wait to go back.	
Nov 26 2007 	clean no-frills downtown bargain (except for parking that is)	Came here for an Adobe trade show. Booked my room late, and so couldn't find anything even at the Courtyard/Hampton Inn level for less than $200-250. I got the Best Western Grant for 3 nites in late September during this big trade show for just $150.The room was clean and I had a decent view of Lake Michigan. Gym was tiny but enough for me to get a decent workout and help me get to bed. Attached cafe was overpriced for what it served (I got casual breakfast stuff) but ok as I was on company per diem. Wi-fi was a little weak, but at least it was included.For a biz guy, the location was great - a few blocks away was a nice district with trendy, non-touristy restaurants. Towards the water was Grant Park and all of the art institutions and a great place for a morning walk. I didn't do that, though I did rent a bike at one of the two nearby bike shops and ride through the park south to the University of Chicago.I did take a nice stroll - about a mile - every morning to the show at McCormick Place, a huge hall which is plopped down south of downtown in a poor neighborhood. The Best Western may be one of the closest biz hotels nearby. Anyway, the walk is very safe during the day, and ok at night if you follow the right major roads (there are a ton of new upscale condos just a few blocks away).Shopping and some of the family stuff on the piers is far away, that's true.	
Nov 25 2007 	If you don't care about decor this is the hotel for you	The Best Western Grant Park is located a twenty-minute walk north to the magnificent mile and a ten minute walk south to the Museum complex with the Red Line ‘EL’ a 5 minute walk west. Staff are friendly and knowledgeable about the area and will always greet you with a smile. The hotel itself is tired and the decor dated but it’s very clean and well managed. Rooms are spacious with good facilities including Wifi. All in all, if you don't care what the room looks like when you are asleep, and you have more sense than money, this is the hotel for you!	
Oct 11 2007 	Worst Hotel in Chicago	This is one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in. From check-in (which was botched) through check-out, we had a terrible experience. 1) The sound of the El train is so loud it sounds like the next stop is in the room. 2) The bed was like a marshmallow. Our backs were in spasm each morning. 3) The exercise room is on a timer and doesn't let you in with your key-card until 7 am. I had a 7.30 meeting and needed to work out the kinks from the bed at 6;30. Couldn't get in the work-out room. 4) The first room I check into had no toilet paper. 5) The second room I checked into had a fan running in the bathroom that could not be turned off. My client's TA booked us here...whatever you do, don't be fooled into staying here.	
Sep 17 2007 	My experience to this hotel was the worst I have ever had.	Very outdated hotel and unfair Management proceduresThis was my first time every visiting Chicago, so I was not sure of what to totally expect neither of the city nor of the hotels. This hotel is very outdated. Upon arrival, I immediately noticed that the hotel looked nothing like the pictures on the Internet. One could only assume the internet pictures were taken several years ago. When I first arrived at the hotel, I was a little unsure, but still had a positive attitude. The employee at the front desk was prompt in getting me taken care of with my room and pointed where the elevators were. Once the elevator doors opened I was very surprised at how small the elevator was. If I would have been traveling with someone I am not sure that 2 people and luggage would be able to fit. Once I got to the floor my room was on the hallways were very dark and dreary. Not a safe feeling at all. Getting into my room, I was shocked at the condition of the room. The carpet was very warn, the mattress on the bed was horrible, when the night stands are average size and are at least 6 inches above the bed, which gives a person a pretty good idea of the lack of mattress quality, not to mention the tiny little pillows. Still trying to see the positive I went to open the curtain, once I was able to make my way between the bed and the desk and opened the curtain, the view I had was not pleasant. There was an alley with 3 dumpsters and several “individuals” hanging around the dumpsters. Shutting the curtain I figured I would go try and get my mind off the fear and soak in a bathtub. Walking into the bathroom I was surprised to find that there was no tub, just a shower that was not very well kept. At this point I was too tired and frustrated to deal with conflict, so I went to bed. The next morning I tried several times to call the manager of the hotel to express my disappointment and concern. However, all I kept being told was call back later as the manager is not in. I resorted to calling the corporate office for Best Western as I had finally had enough and was not willing to stay the second night. I was told that since my reservations were done online that it was up to the hotel manager to not charge me for the second night if I chose not to stay. Needless to say after several phone calls and frustrations I finally heard back from the corporate office and they stated that they finally were able to get a hold of the manager. At this time I was informed that I would still be charged for the second night since I refused to talk to the manager. This is not the case, I tried for several hours, but had to get to my meetings that I was already late for. I ended up finding another hotel where I was treated with respect and comfort. I travel frequently with my job as do other employees. We have stayed in other Best Western Hotels, with this experience we will have a very difficult time if we do, book another stay with the Best Western Hotel chain. It is sad that one hotel can ruin it for others in that chain. I would have thought that rather than getting charged for a night that I didn’t stay that at the very least that corporate would have denied the Grant Park Hotel from charging for the night. I was checked out by 10:30 am that morning.Be careful when booking a room, even if the research online appears to be adequate.	
Sep 17 2007 	Not the worst but in the competition	If you like noise and no privacy, the Grant Park Hotel is for you. Be sure to ask for the &quot;Lake View&quot; room, which guarantees the soothing roar of Michigan Avenue beneath your bed all night. Forgot to set your alarm? Don't worry, you'll hear the one in the next room just fine. Room too warm? The air conditioner does double duty by loudly drowning out the buses and honking outside your window, and you'll think it's January with an open window as an icy breeze blow dries your hair as you sleep. If you want to remember your breakfast all day with stomach cramps and an urgency to be near a toilet, don't miss a meal in the adjoining restaurant. If you haven't had time to finish the novel you brought on your trip, you'll easily get through a chapter or two before your order is taken, and you'll be well into your next book before your food arrives.	
Aug 29 2007	Comfortable roomgreat locationgood service	Me and husband stayed this August in Best Western Grant Park for 9 nights.Staff on front desk were friendly and ready to help if needed.Our room on 6th floor was very comfortable, with very large double bed, safe box in room (usual in other hotels in USA you need to pay extra for renting safe box),nice bathroom,and we had nice view on Museum campus.We had no problem with noise ,niether from other guests or noise from outside.Location of hotel is the best, Chicago EL train station for red,green and orange lines is only block from hotel and from there you can go everywhere you want.If you are staying in Chicago more days buy 3 or 7 days pass (12 - 20$)valid for unlimited rides on EL trains and CTA buses.Across from EL train station is big grocery store Jewel Osco opened 24 hours where you can buy pass .In front of hotel is CTA bus station ,take number 3 or 4 to go up to beautiful Millenium Park and Magnificent Miles.Hotel is really excellent located ,on peaceful area a little bit away from downtown bustle but with public transportation all attractions are easy accessible.Our experience in this hotel was very pleasant considering that this is 2*hotel and affordable with price it is very decent hotel and we would reccomend it to everyone.	
Aug 8 2007	Did the trick	A little bit pricey (I assume this reflects the location), but comfortable. Greeted with a smile even at the early hours of the morning at which we arrived. The little diner/cafe downstairs fit the bill for breakfast the next day. All in all a positive experience.	
Aug 7 2007 	great place for the price	We booked a room through Quikbook for our stay for the Lollapalooza music festival. I booked it about 2 months before the event, and decided on this hotel due to price and location (right across the street from Grant Park where the festival was)and lack of availability at comparable hotels. I booked it for $159 a night, which upon booking, seemed high for this place. I had stayed there about 10+ years ago and it wasn't much to write home about.Since my last stay the hotel has had an interior facelift. The rooms were nicely appointed, newer furnishings, pretty clean and comfortable. We stayed in a king room on the 9th floor. Check-in was great--our room was ready early. Front desk staff was great (thanks Nakita!).Since the majority of our ttme was spent at the festival, i did not see much of the hotel facilities (pool, etc). They do have a nice coffee/wine cafe downstairs with an outdoor seating area.The only down side to staying here was the location. There are not alot of restaurants/bars. etc in the immediate area. If you need to be in the south loop/grant park area this hotel would be fine. Otherwise you will need to take a cab, the L (there is a stop 2 blocks away) , or bus everywhere.	
Jul 13 2007 	Great Location and a Reasonable Cost	We recently stayed at the Best Western at Grant Park. Although it is not a luxury hotel, it was super for the person/family that wants to stay at hotel in a prime location for a cost that is about half of what some of the other luxury hotels cost. The hotel is near Grant Park and we were able to walk to the museum complex in about 5-7 minutes. We were about two miles from the heart of the shopping district. We could have walked, but opted for cabs, which ran about $8 a ride to get to the shopping places.Parking was extra, of course, but a couple of dollars cheaper than other hotels. Parking was done by Valet only, but the wait to get the car was not bad. I might mention that there's a 24 hour public parking garage about a block down which is less than half the amount of the valet parking for the budget conscious.There is a restaurant attached to hotel, and a super place called the Yolk right next door (a little bit pricier than average). I liked the fact that the internet was free here, but it was a bit erratic. Check out was kind of slow given that it is not automatic or electronic. There is also no morning newspaper, which is nice but not necessary to a quality stay.I might also mention that the staff was exceedingly friendly, always ready to help, and always concerned about the quality of service. At one point, we returned to our rooms mid-day and discovered the room had not been done. Without asking, I received a call asking whether I wanted the room done (or to be left undisturbed), and, in the alternative, whether I wanted any additional bathroom supplies. Those supplies arrived within 30 seconds. Very impressive.	
Jul 8 2007 	clean affordable basic needs.	Stayed for 4 nights in this hotel, while exploring Chicago for the first time. Location was perfect, in walking distance to all major atractions and with plenty of restaurants nearby ( + one in hotel).Our double/double room was clean, internetservice worked perfectly and staff was friendly and helpfull.We where a little nervous after reading about waiting times on check in and out, but it worked fine for us. We did see however that some people had a long waiting time getting their room and there was some angry guests in the lobby.The breakfast buffet is much to expensive ( 15$ ), choose coffee and a croissant if you aren´t that hungry or go to one of the many nearby restaurants for a much cheaper option.All in all this hotel worked perfect for us and is suitable for anyone who needs a clean, affordable place to stay in Chicago.	
Jul 1 2007 	it was a good hotel for the money	We went to chicago for a couple of days and stayed in this hotel.. For the money 145.00 a night it was not bad.. We were walking distants for the musumes. There is a free trolly that picks you up not to far from the hotel either.. We tried the taste of chicago that was ok, but alot of people.. over all the room was ok for the money. the bed was kind of hard, but I would stay there again in the furture..	
Jun 25 2007 	Worst Hotel I've Ever Stayed In	I booked this hotel on short notice, and selected it only because of the rate. I wasn't expecting much, but figured it would at least be clean and serve its purpose. From the very beginning, I had trouble. There were two people working the check-in desk. I was fortunate enough to have the decent clerk. The other woman checking people in was rude to all customers and acted extremely put out that she had to help people. Once I got to my room, it appeared to be right on target with what I expected, a standard room with one queen bed. Just to be sure, I decided to check the bed for any stains or questionables. I was horrified when I lifted the sheet. The mattress pad was completely covered in pubic hairs. The bedspread also had questionable stains all over it. The housekeeping service was very apologetic and got new linens for the bed. (They were the few employees that seemed to care about how guests felt.) The walls are paper thin. You can hear everything anyone in the hall or next room is saying. The doors to the rooms can only be shut by pulling very hard on them. So any time someone comes or goes from a room, you can hear the doors slamming which is just about constant in a hotel. The trash service to the alley below comes early on Sunday mornings. Expect to be awoken to several dumpsters being picked up and dropped for about 30 minutes. Contacting the front desk is also difficult. I had to make several phone calls down until someone picked up. When I finally got through, the clerk was extremely rude and didn't want to answer a simple question about how to check out. She finally just hung up on me without answering my question as to whether or not I could just leave the keys in my room as I had prepaid. As I mentioned, I was not expecting much with this hotel. You would expect though from a hotel chain, that they could at least provide clean beds and friendly service. I would strongly encourage anyone considering this hotel to look elsewhere.	
Jun 11 2007 	Served Its Purpose	We arrived in Chicago and took the Orange El train to Roosevelt. We walked only 2 blocks to our hotel. Our check-in went smooth and fairly quickly. We had prepaid through Expedia and had no problem checking in. We were on the 7th floor facing the North. It was close to the El trains. At times we did hear them, but they were not as bad as some viewers said. If we had been facing them directly then I could see where it might have been a problem. The rooms were of average size and Clean. The staff always greeted us as we were coming and going. The pool was not yet open but we were never at the hotel long enough to use it anyway. We picked this hotel because it was close to the Museums. We walked to the Museum campus and took The CTA buses and trains everywhere else. We had no problems with transportation and my son loved using our visitor passes whenever we went anywhere. Chicago is a huge city and we saw alot of it. This was my second trip to Chicago and I will definitly be back. And by the way, our Check-out went just as smoothly as our Check-in. Thanks to Chicago for a wonderful time.	
May 15 2007 	Just OK Noisy	I stayed at this hotel for a conference and paid $149/night. Not bad for downtown Chicago, but as they say, you get what you pay for.It's conveniently located in the south loop area and is close to Grant Park, several of Chicago's fantastic museums, and the Roosevelt station. My biggest complaint was noise. The hotel's walls are thin, and the windows are single paned. My room was on the west side of the building, and I could hear the &quot;L&quot; trains rushing by every ten minutes or so. Ask for a room that faces Michigan Ave.The rooms are small and generally clean, with a few exceptions. The housekeeping staff left a rag in the bathroom, and the ice bucket was visibly dirty.	
Apr 25 2007 	Pretty basic	Great location, but noisy inside and out since the train runs over the street one block away. The beds and linens need updating. If you want anything more than basic, try getting a special on a hotel downtown near Michigan Ave (magnificent mile). Sights like Millennium Park and the Art Institute are walkable from either location.Note: This area is made for walking, taxis are everywhere, shuttles go to/from the airports, and the train is easy to use, so skip the car!	
Mar 19 2007 	Okay stay for the price...	This is a small nine story hotel located directly across from Grant Park on Michigan Avenue. You will be 1/4 mile (5 minute walk) from the Roosevelt Subway Stop (Orange, Red, and Green Lines)... From there you can get to many different areas of the city. Train Ride to the Downtown Loop is only 10 minutes max.Upon arrival our check-in was pretty standard... Usual check of our credit card and reservation. They actually asked for my AAA card.. (No one hardly does!) Anyways... Upon entering our room, the wife immediately complained of a urine smell coming from the bathroom. I was hoping maybe someone just didn't flush the toilet, but upon inspection, it appears that it was coming from the base of the toilet... We just threw a towel on the floor and shut the door... Fixed the problem without having to go through the trouble of asking for another room. The room walls are thin as you can hear your neighbors shower, alarm, etc... You can also hear the occasional subway car and the traffic cop blowing his/her whistle...No one was in the lobby at 4:50am when we went to check out which I thought was odd and no one would answer a phone... so we just left the keys in the drop with a note...If you plan to spend 8 hours a day in your room (just enough to sleep and/or whatever), then this is a good cost-effective place to stay. $92/night. If you like hanging in your room, don't stay here.Anyways... Check out the restaurant next to the hotel named Yolk... Good breakfast and kind of art/deco!	
Mar 4 2007 	Good location clean rooms Good Wi-Fi	I have just returned from 4 day stay at the BW Grant Plaza. I was initially concerned after reading some not so positive reviews. But if you don't have high expectations, i.e you don't expect the Ritz Carlton, this is great a little hotel in the Windy City. I stayed on the 7th floor and had pretty decent views of the city skyline and Lake Michigan. The rooms were clean and adequately decorated. I was there for a conference and appreciated that each room had an ironing board and iron. The heater some reviewers complained about, worked just fine in my room. In fact, I had a brand new heater/AC unit. Connecting to the complimentary Wi-Fi was a cinch. Only disappointment was the lack of breakfast. The restaurant next door was rather expensive.	
Feb 25 2007	Good Location did the job!	Myself and 3 friends, went to Chicago for 3 days in June 2006, as part of our world trip. The hotel was easy to find since we printed up maps. Easy check in, spacious room for the 4 of us: 2 queen size beds. We wanted to save money so we all shared!Breakfast was in the lobby, basic, croissants, muffins, bagels, tea, coffee, juice. all nice but nowhere to eat properly, we had to stand around in the lobby eating. We knew we weren't in a fancy hotel so it was fine. We found all the sights were in walking distance, the museum, park, sears tower, wrigley stadium, the wharf, the main shopping areas! We had no problems, the pool was very cold but that was fine since it was very hot! Only down point was that it's not near the night life, but if your not there for that it's good!	
Feb 13 2007	Good value but nothing special	Decent place to stay in downtown Chicago at a reasonable price. Close to transportation (el, Metra). Il Fornetto, adjoining hotel, serves very good pizza. Gripes: bed in room #420 has sharp metal pieces sticking out several inches from frame. Metra transit station is across street, but front desk guy said there was no station there and told us to walk half a mile away.Nonetheless, I'd go back again.	
Jan 1 2007 	Good value for money clean with a view of the lake	We stayed here the week of Thanksgiving and the mid-week rate was great. The room was clean and had a view of the park and the lake-even from the side street. This is a small hotel compared to others downtown, and the only major problem that we had was that the internet service was virtually non-existent. Despite asking them every day if it was fixed, they kept saying their technician was going to work on it.....but it never worked.The weekend rate rises to a ridiculous amount, so we opted to drive to Michigan City instead, although we saw that the Hilton a couple of blocks up the street actually had a cheaper rate ($109) on the weekend, but that was for a room without a view. The staff is professional and the lobby is small but functional. A new restaurant in the front of the building had so-so coffee drinks, and sweet rolls at their walk-up counter. The hotel also offers their $13 breakfast which we did not get. Instead we just got a sweet roll and coffee and walked through the park across the street. We found a great little espresso/bakery shop in the other direction-away from the lake which we will return to next time.	
Dec 27 2006	Great Stay	Despite all of the negative reviews I have nothing but good to say about this hotel. The rate was reasonable compared to most others in Downtown. Rooms were clean, staff friendly and it was within walking distance of all of the major musems and the L. We would stay again	
Dec 10 2006 	great customer service	I made a reservation for the night of November 7th, 2006. When I arrived at the hotel, the person at the front desk told me that my room had been flooded by a pipe bursting the night before. As a result of that, they were going to move me to another Best Western property uptown, pay for the night, ad also for the taxi fare (an additional $10 but a nice gesture). The room at the other property was more expensive by $20.I did not stay at the Best Western Grant Park, but I am definitely impressed by their customer service and their very nice handling of this situation.	
Nov 22 2006 	expected the worst...	...But, on arrival was pleasantly surprised. Stayed for 4 nights, and my only gripe would be the noisy heater! It was very cold for a few nights, and when the heater went on, it wasnt exactly quiet.. but i just ended up turning it off.The hotel is a little dated, but in all honesty, far better than i had imagined.We were told that we had to buy breakfast,and at the hotel it was approx$15,dont do it! get your walking shoes on, head straight up michigan ave, and about 6 blocks up, is the corner bakery!Have the oatmeal.. it was to die for, and only about$2.50.think we had 2 oatmeals fruit and coffee and it was $10..bargain.Dont miss the cloud gate sculpture in the park opposite the cafe.. go on a sunny day, and at night, its amazing.Back to the hotel, it is a bit out of the city, but taxis are freequent and cheap, or like we did.. walk. you get a feel for the place if you walk..loved it in chicago.try eating at the Downtown, on wabash..with a view of the loop, inside and out.. the burgers were awesome.sears tower was ok, but its all inside, no viewing platform.enjoy chicago.. we did	
Nov 11 2006 	Better than expected	My sister and I stayed at this hotel the 2nd to the 6th November 06 and although we read some 'iffy' things about it found it to be very clean and comfortable. We were not sure if breakfast was included in the price, it was not, but you could buy a buffet breakfast for $15 approx, we went out and ate in local cafes and restaurants for a lot less than that.The staff were friendly and approachable, although the only time we asked for directions they were not very good at telling us where to go.The room although not really large was adequate for the two of us for 4 nights, and we had the room made up and clean towels every day. Initially the towels were not very big but on our last night we had large, fluffy towels left. The hotel is the wrong end of Michigan Avenue and is a fair walk from the shops and restaurants, but there are lots of buses and taxis, but if you are able it is well worth the walk.I would stay at the Best Western Grant Park again and would recommend it, but take comfortable walking shoes!!	
Nov 8 2006	Not bad	This hotel is in a pretty good location, directly across from Grant Park &amp; easy walking to shopping &amp; buses. A tired hotel, but comfortable enough.Basically our only choice for somewhere to stay as there was a huge conference on in Chicago, so we paid far more for the room than it is worth.Biggest downfall was there was no laundry. They did offer a cleaning service, but at a large cost. Also there are no self service laundromats anywhere in the vacinity, which we found out the hard way after checking on yellowpages.com &amp; then lugging a bag of dirty clothes across town only to find a laundromat does not exist in the location. So my biggest tip, do all your washing before moving on to Chicago!	
Oct 11 2006	This hotel is OK if you're not paying very much	The room is itself was OK and the location is all right, especially for the Field Museum, Soldier Field, and the Aquarium.As has been mentioned, do not plan on taking advantage of the so-called breakfast. If you want a piece of toast and a glass of juice, fine.The front desk, while pleasant, created a major hassle for me. I had borrowed a wireless network card to take advantage of the free internet, at which time my credit card was charged a deposit fee, unbeknownst to me. On check out, the front desk did not inquire whether I was returning the card, but proceeded to finalize my bill and ask for my signature. At that point I handed over the network card. They did not think to adjust the bill. I was unaware of their failure to refund the deposit until several weeks later, at which point I called and left a message for the front desk manager. No response. I sent a letter. No response. Several weeks later I called again, and talked to accounting. They promised to credit my account.	
Oct 10 2006 	great value for money	Booked the cheapest hotel we could find online and were very pleasantly surprised with what we got. Staff, though busy, were helpful and friendly. Room clean, quiet and well equipped. Lobby breakfast perfectly adequate. Good location. All-in-all this hotel was great value for money and anyone who requires more than this needs to be prepared to fork out a lot more.	
Oct 5 2006 	Great value great location!	We went for the Tut exhibit, so the location of this hotel couldn't have been better. The staff was helpful and friendly, and it's a great value, too. The continental breakfast was like feeding time at the zoo, but overall our stay was pleasant. Nothing to complain about here!	
Sep 6 2006 	Both good and bad	As a travel agent, I was hoping to take a group to Chicago to see the King Tut exhibit. Am glad now that the group didn't make. I would have been beside myself trying to check us in. I ended up going with my sister. We had a great time in Chicago, but the hotel leaves a bit to be desired. The room itself was fine. It had recently been updated and there were no complaints there. The two major complaints were 1) the long check in process and 2) the pitiful continental breakast. It is a tiny lobby which was extremely packed in the morning. The hotel has a huge group busines. The lobby was the only place to congregate. I ended up with a piece of toast that I took back to the room. If you are going to the Field Museum complex, it is a great location. The staff was helpful in getting taxi's, etc. I guess you get what you pay for. If you are looking for anything better than moderate, go someplace else, but if you go knowing not to expect too much, you will be fine.	
Aug 12 2006 	Affordable good location good service but rundown	Had to stay there for one night in early August for work. The staff were very helpful, but there were long lines. The free wifi is excellent, but the atmosphere is rather rundown and needs help. The elevator is very slow, especially in the morning when the various group tours were getting together. I ended up taking the stairs down to the lobby, only to find the free breakfast all gobbled up already (since their restaurant was still closed it was just coffee &amp; crossiants in the lobby). Luckily I found Eleven City Diner around the corner and got a wonderful breakfast there.	
Aug 10 2006 	Please please for the love of god don't stay there!!	This place was terrible from the word go. To start the hotel is in such ghetto condition - I was prepared for what i pay for - but this was just simply ridulous! The lady who checked us in was kind enough to stop talking to her co-worker long enough to give us our room key and some serious attitude! After seeing the room, my husband asked me if they rent these rooms by the hour. The continental breakfast was pitiful - and that is being nice. But the finale was the best part of all - checking out! We were again greeted with less than impressive service. We had made 2 calls during our one night in hell (one local call 3 min long and one long distance - 4 min long) we were charged an exorbant $57!!! That was something like $6.50 a minute. And all we got was &quot;we just charge you what our service provider charges us&quot; ---. Then after trying to reason with them and maybe half - they charged us even though we refused to sign the form - WHICH IS ILLEGAL - and received a lovely --- you from the Manager. Yes he actually said that to us - I was floored. The was another manager there from Florida and he was just disgusted. We are following up with this claim - also wot.if (the place we booked through) has taken them off their recommendations list. That is all	
Aug 8 2006 	Not just a great location...	This was my second stay at the Best Western Grant Park. All of the staff we encountered were polite, respectful and very knowledgable about the city. Even the valet who parked my car was a gem! When I forgot my camera and he went back to look for it and couldn't find it; he brought the car back down to the street for me to search it out. Our room was great, clean and comfortable. A little bit of a view (the first time I was there I stayed on the Columbia College side of the building and got to watch some dancers warming up -- how voyeuristic -- and fun!).All in all a great experience and a great deal!	
Aug 5 2006	well worth it	As many have said, great location, near museums and el.Some complained about the service--I had no lines and excellent service. When I called about a light out in my room, maintenance was up in two minutes. They pointed out a nearby Subway shop and Kinks with internet service.Towels weren't fluffy and there was some street noise, but not really a problem./	
Aug 1 2006 	Served it's purpose	We stayed at the Best Western Grant Park July 21-23 and found it to be just fine. The key was the location. We were attending an event at Soldier Field and the hotel was within walking distance, very convenient. It was very nice to be across the street from Grant Park, which is very scenic in the summer. The room itself was clean but dated. The corridors are very small and it has the feel of a small European hotel. The pool area on the 3rd floor was a nice extra. While it definitely is not for those seeking deluxe accomodations, it definitely is fine for those on a budget seeking something clean in a safe neighborhood.	
Jul 11 2006	Great location great staff!	I had read previous reviews saying that the beds were awful and that the staff was rude and unhelpful. I considered changing my reservations, but decided that since I booked based on location, I would keep my reservation because of location. I am very glad I decided to keep them. Let me just say that the hotel staff went above and beyond! They were great! Every interaction we had with a staff member impressed me! The beds were okay, and did not seem to sag in the middle (at least in rooms 803 and 619) as stated in multiple reviews of the hotel. Our only small complaint was...the pool was ICE cold! But it was deep, so once our bodies went numb we had a great time!If you want some of the free breakfast make sure to get down there early, because once it is gone you are out of luck. =)I honestly cannot say enough good things about the staff at this hotel. They were great, we all joked around. And we brought them treats from the taste of Chicago. Grant Park is right down the street and the museum campus was right across the street so we had easy access to the Shedd!	
Jul 6 2006	Decent Overall Stay in a Great Location	The hotel is in a great location and was less expensive than many of its neighbors. The Roosevelt St. &quot;L&quot; station is two blocks away. You could access the rest of the city from here. The Metra commuter rail station, about two blocks east, is another public transit option to distant attractions like the Museum of Science and Industry and the Chicago Botanic Garden. Grant Park is right across the street. The Field Museum, Adler Planetarium, Shedd Aquarium and Soldier Field are just beyond that. There are several restaurants, groceries and drugstores within walking distance too. Another restaurant appeared to be under construction in the same building as the BW.As for the hotel itself, the exterior is pretty dated and in need of remodeling. The outdoor pool on the third floor was clean but unheated. My room was mostly clean but the carpeting was wrinkled and worn. There was what appeared to be a big booger stuck to the carpet. Repeated vacuuming by housekeeping didn't remove it. The lobby was more modern. The continental breakfast consisted of muffins, donuts, pastries, pop tarts, bagels, coffee, OJ and milk. Free Chicago Tribune newspapers were available every weekday morning.My only major complaints were that one of the two elevators broke down the day I arrived and was still out of order when I left five days later. The waits were so long that I often ended up walking up or down nine flights of stairs. Secondly, housekeeping never got to my room until around 4:30 pm. This was very inconvenient as I always seemed to be returning from sightseeing at about this time. Despite these issues, I probably would stay there again.	
May 30 2006	Good value despite previous reviews	After reading some of the previous reviews I was a bit weary about staying here. however I cannot really fault the hotel too much. The staff were friendly and helpful and whilst the location isn't the best, it is only a 10 minute walk from Soldier Field where I was attending a match and about 3 minutes from the Roosevelt El train station which gets you downtown in about 5-10 minutes.The room was of an average size and was clean and cleaned thoroughly every day. I was never up for the ' Compliementary Continental Breakfast' however it seemed a bit odd to be having this in the lobby as the hotel doesn't have a restaurant. The swimming pool was closed when I was there, which was annoying as it was staring to get really hot but 'Seasonal' appears to mean opening after Memorial Day.All in all good value with little to complain about.	
Apr 17 2006	Ya get what ya pay for	We visited Chicago March 25th 2006. We wanted a great location for a little money. I was pleasantly surpised at the BW Grant Park. We too experienced a too-long wait at the front desk, but when it's your turn they do pay attention to you. We dealt with Octavio on a couple occasions and he was very helpful and nice.The hotel is very clean and well maintained. The soaps and shampoos in our room were replaced each morning we were there. We were on the Lake side and I am glad. Great view of the park, the Shedd, the Field and Adler Planetarium, which are easy to walk to. You'll have to take the bus to Science &amp; Industry but it's an express and it gets you the closest. As for anywhere else in the city the Roosevelt station is just a couple blocks away.As another reviewer mentioned there are aggravations. The restaurant was under renovation, so they did offer free continental breakfast of donuts, pastry, bagels, watery OJ and coffee...and good luck finding a place to sit in the small lobby to eat it. We ended up going in shifts to carry enough upstairs to eat in our room; no trays were offered so be careful balancing that donut on top of your coffee cup while you push the elevator button :)Also, when we checked in during the late afternoon on Saturday the hotel's valet lot was full. My husband headed around the corner to the public ramp. It was more expensive. But, they did let us walk up to the car to get the stuff we needed. But, they didn't open until 9am, so it pushed our itinerary back while we waited. We left the car there the whole time and used public transport exclusively; way easier than driving in Chi-town!The location was GREAT and I'd definitely put up with the aggravations again. Next door is a tiny grocery called Clancy's (I think?) and they have the water, snacks, newspapers etc that we all need to get through the day. Also they have the visitor one day transit passes that cost $5 and are good for El and buses...super easy to use and easy to stop in to buy.	
Apr 7 2006 	Solid hotel with a great location.	This is a good hotel.Not great, not awful, but good. It has a wonderful location. Two blocks from Roosevelt station which can take you anywhere the El goes. This is a few blocks from Hilton Chicago. This is where the big boys play and you are right there saving a bunch of cash.There are problems, but none that would keep me from coming back.The front desk is under-staffed and it takes longer than necessary but the people are friendly.Note: best wireless reception they told at the front desk is from the sixth floor up.I am on 7th and it works flawlessly. A little aggravating that you need to type in a username &quot;bestwestern1&quot; and a password &quot;grantpark1&quot; but no big thing. It's free and wireless and I get four bars out of four with infrequent two bars that don't last long.You cannot park your car. They must park it for you and it costs $20 a day and your car is locked up so you can't go get something out of your car without them bringing it around and that is free but a tip is expected of course. The parking is an aggravation. The &quot;11 Diner&quot; is less than a block away and it great. Also a nice sushi bar. A Jewel grocery store is two blocks away and is great for long stays. This is a real full scale grocery store like at home. That is rare and to be so close to your hotel is great.The AC/Heater does it job well but as one reviewer said it comes on an off. I like a room ice cold at night and the fan on high to mask noise. You can't have the A/C on and fan on high and make continuous fan noise. It goes off and on and I can't deal with that. So I just put the fan on high with no A/C or Heat selected and it runs all night like a white noise machine and pulls in outside air which is plenty cold enough. For those who want the heat on at night, go see a psychiatrist - nobody should like a warm room at night.The hotel room is only as good as the shower. Mine was great. Great pressure. It gets warm quick. The shower curtain doesn't rub up against you. The drain drained. You can't ask more from a shower.My room 726 did not have a view of Lake Michigan - those rooms cost more. I suggest buying a postcard of the lake and save the money. 726 is a corner room so I had windows all over. It was a very bright room and clean. You have a view of Wabash and the Columbia College across the street. I will walk to the the planetarium tomorrow. Yesterday I walked around while my room was getting ready and I found myself in the Loop. Whiney people wouldn't want to walk that far but what a thrill it is to walk in a city like this.Ice machines are not on every floor which is a bummer, but again no big deal. Ice is on every even floor. Coke machines are on every floor and snack machines are on even floors. It takes me two minutes to go up the stairs and get my ice bucket filled. (The machine on 8th is a good ice machine. You press the button and ice comes out quickly. Not like the machines that when you press the button the machine begins to start freezing the ice.)The ice buckets don't have those plastic bags to cover the plastic container and they don't have lids for the ice bucket. That is plain stupid. TV was good - not fuzzy. Lots of stations including HBO. Extra movies cost $10.Bed could be better. Pillows are small. I asked for another pillow and it was delivered in 20 minutes - excellent.Plenty of lights and they all worked. Lamp on desk had two extra plugs in its base. Very smart and and thoughtful.This is not a great hotel, but come with modest expectations and you will enjoy your stay.I am on business and by myself. I would not come here with my wife because she would like a nicer, more expensive place. I can afford hotels like that because I check into to hotels like the Best Western Grant Park. This is a good hotel for people that don't want to throw money away, who like to use mass transit to get around, who will be in Chicago for more than two days. It is an easy hotel to get to if you are driving. You don't get into all the craziness of the Loop. One reviewer said they didn't replace the shampoo and soap. Maybe the management read his review because its replaced every day.	
Mar 26 2006 	Room for improvement...	The hotel is not as bad as reviews had made it out to be. I arrived and was greeted by a friendly woman on the front desk, and all staff were always very helpful and always smiling. The only problem I had with my room was with a light which broke, and the guy at the front desk said he'd have someone fix it. I had been in the room less than 2 minutes when an electrician showed up and fixed the light. That was good service.The hotel is also really well located. It faces Grant Park and Lake Michigan, and its location on S. Michigan Avenue is wonderful - only a 10-minute stroll into the Loop, or, if you're lazy like me, one stop on the El from Roosevelt station, which is just 1 block away from the hotel. The free breakfast was also great, as was the coffee on tap.However, there were some problems with the hotel. Firstly, the temperature control in the room was done by a big, clunky and old fan unit. Which means that every time the temperature drops below the thermostat level, the whole thing shudders into action and really noisily pumps air into the room. This was sufficient to wake me up several times per night. Secondly, the thermostat controls did not make sense. When I tried to use them, they came apart and I found that there was an unhealthy-looking little vial of mercury strapped to the inside with tape.But the one thing which was not welcome was the fact that soaps/shampoos were not replaced. I was at the hotel for several nights and found that after the first night, hotel soaps and shampoos which I used were not replaced, meaning that every night I had to walk down to reception to get soap and things.	
Mar 20 2006	I Can't Complain Much But....	The line to get anything done at the front desk took forever. When we checked in, when we tried to get a valet, when we needed new keys, and when we checked out took forever. Then while we are standing in line to check out some loser comes up and goes &quot;I just want to check out&quot; and cuts in front of us. Poor customer service.	
Mar 11 2006	Good price decent location reasonable hotel!	One of the cheaper hotels near Downtown Chicago, so quite an attractive tourist option. If you're wanting to spend most of your time around the Magnificent Mile, you could probably find more convenient places, although it's almost next to the Museum Campus, the Symphony Hall and a few theatres, so it depends what your priorities are. It's also just round the corner from the Roosevelt CTA station, so it's quite easy to get around by public transport.The hotel's a pretty typical chain-type. My room was good - very big with a desk, arm chair, bed-side table with clock radio, plenty lights, a coffee machine, a good tv and a good bathroom. The only problem with my room was the heating/air conditioning. It was quite cold without heating but it's a fan heater and quite a noisy one, so you couldn't keep it on at night.Another downside was the breakfast. While it was good that some form of complimentary breakfast was provided, it was a bit haphazard! On my first day it was very nice - a decent selection of croissant, toast, egg muffins and pastries, with orange juice, tea/coffee and jam. However, on the other days I was there, at least one of those was generally unavailable. Croissants with no butter or jam, for instance. And Out of 5 days, orange juice was only there on 2. So don't go expecting a feast!	
Feb 17 2006 	Horrible Beyond Belief	After traveling four hours to an area we were unfamiliar with, we called the hotel for directions. They told us to get out of the area we were in but were unable to give us directions to do that....&quot;just get out at a gas station and ask.&quot; was the response. Hello, two women and two children in an area where there are bars on every window. Sorry I'm familiar with what happens in Detroit if you get out. When we finally did manage to get to the hotel, we learned that valet parking was extra and that's all that was offered. The heat from the room blew us across the hall. What idiot in their right mind sleeps in a room that is 67 degrees unless it is summer time? Did I mention that the people in the next room tried to come through the adjoining door after we got settled into bed? Then there was the room, it was hardly bigger than a closet and there was no room to move around. And if there was a restaurant, it sure didn't open early enough for us to get any breakfast. Where are the luggage carriers? it sure would have helped with check out. NEVER again.	
Dec 2 2005	Do you speak English	Arrvied and outside was a tour bus of Japnese visitors, on the front desk was only a Japanase girl who could hardly speak any english...(she didn't even know what a post office was).The room was what we asked for and was clean and comfortable.The only problem with the room was that they were doing some work with power tools which started early the next morning.	
Nov 24 2005	Horrible experience in Best Western Grant Park Hotel	Who can help out-of-towners?Nightmare at Best Western Grant Park Hotel in Chicago-&quot;You don’t have the right to know the bill.&quot;Is hotel a service industry and business? The City of Chicago is charm and vitality. Lake Michigan is beautiful .Most people are very friendly I like Chicago city very much. Chicago is known for being a ”City of Neighborhoods.” I would like to enjoy my visit, but unfortunately I didn’t have it. Yet ,I am sincerely disappointed in this trip. I am a mother of three and on duty to join my son on his first trip to Chicago for his education. I booked Best Western Grant Park Hotel because it was recommended to me by IIT and it is near the school. It was convenient for me to visit my son and join the orientation this way. I made a reservation from Hotel.com on July 23. On August 14, the American Express already charged me $796.90 before I flew to Chicago.But I had a terrible experience in the hotel during the 7 days (August 18 to August 25) when I was in Chicago. Hotel is a service industry but my daughter and I had been treated unfairly in The Best Western Grant Park Hotel in Chicago. Even though I had confirmed my reservation and made sure they still kept my reservation on August 18, they still couldn't provide service from my reservation. The manager, LEO, knew the rooms were sold out since the first day I arrived, but he didn't tell me. He said my on line reservation was no guarantee and no use. Even he promised after two days he would move me to another room, he didn’t do it. He let me stayed in a room which was cheaper than my reservation. It was almost midnight on August 24, when I asked for my total bill, the manager LEO said &quot;you don't have a right to have a bill.&quot; He and other two employees also blamed me many times for making reservation online. It was 2:00am in the morning on August 25. My daughter and I were exhausted. We couldn’t sleep because we need to wait and continue to talk to the manager LEO down-stairs. It tortured us emotionally. The manager LEO said, &quot;If you want to complain, go ahead, I don’t care.” The insult I received in Best Western Grant Park Hotel such as discrimination against foreign visitor, whom speak English as Second Language. The horrible experience, feeling, and terrible attitude has been done to us is unbelievable.Best Western Grant Park Hotel took advantage of us. If the hotel has no guarantee policy for online reservation, why do they have online service? They treated me unfairly and not honestly. After this situation, both my daughter and I got sick when we came back to LA from the aftereffect of Chicago.	
Nov 11 2005	Everything that could go wrong. Went wrong!!!	We had three parties staying at this hotel and each of our parties had problems. We made these reservations three months in advance. We were all quoted the wrong price on check-in and had to haggle for 1.5 hours with the management and eventually talk to Best Western's customer service twice to resolve the issue. The first time we talked to customer service. The representative said we were charged the wrong price and we should be getting our special rate. I handed the phone to the manager and thirty minutes later he handed the phone back to me with an entirely new person on the phone who had no idea about our problem. It was supposedly resolved with us receiving our original price but on the day of check out we ended up having to pay more than the price haggled over. During the entire time that we tried to resolve this with the manager of the hotel, he was rude. Other problems: The first party was sent to another hotel on their first night even though they listed on their reservations that they would be arriving very late at night. On their second night of their reservation they were given two full beds rather than the king bed requested. The second party was given a smoking room with a full size bed. All reservations were for a non-smoking room with a king size bed. The second party's iron broke, heater did not work and key card's needed to be re-processed every single time they tried to get into their room. Any time the keys were re-processed it took 15 to 30 minutes as their check-in and check-out lines were extremely long. The second party finally moved into a non-smoking room only to discover that the &quot;non-smoking&quot; room smelled just as smoky as the &quot;smoking&quot; room. It took the third party 30 minutes to check out and at no fault of that party. Their computer system or employees were entirely too slow.I have never stayed at any hotel this bad.	
Nov 7 2005	outdated but decent	When we arrived at the hotel it was overbooked so our room was not available, instead we were upgraded to a suite. This meant a small fold out couch, table and mini fridge. The fridge almost froze our water bottles after a few hrs. The front desk was a little slow. There were 4 people wandering around behind the desk but yet the guy helping us said he was the only one on duty. The parking lot was full so they recommended on 1/2 block away on Mich. Ave. for $15. The people there looked a little questionable so we went to the parking lot on 8th street for $12 for a day ($10 cheaper then the hotel itself)The room was decent. The carpet was a little worn out in places. The view was of some apt. buildings and the Field Muesuem. The bathroom had a nicer shower curtain and a shelf in the tub for shampoo/towels. However they did not have very many towels in the room. Only 2 large and 2 hand towels. We called for more and they brought them within 10 minutes. Along with an extra pillow. The hotel is only a few blocks away from the El so you could hear it from the room. However it was not too loud and sounded like rain. The elevators are pretty slow and smaller. There is no reastraunt at the hotel but a decent one a block north, good for breakfast, better then the $7 one the hotel has. This would be a good hotel to stay at if going to the muesuem campus or if you just need a decently priced place to sleep.	
Oct 2 2005 	Not bad	After reading other reviews I was leary about staying at Grant Park Best Western. I was on a work trip and budget was low so I needed to stay somewhere that didn't cost a lot. Immediately upon arrival I was pleased. I was very early for check-in but the very friendly girl at desk checked and said my room was actually ready. Myco-worker's room wasn't ready so she put her luggage in my room. When we arrived back at the hotel in the evening, the new person at the front desk was equally as friendly and accommodating as the girl who took care of us earlier. The rooms were very clean and the furnishings were pleasant enough. The only down side was the location, however, we never had trouble getting a taxi right in front of the hotel. For a place to lay my head at night, this hotel was fine. Not bad at all.	
Aug 30 2005	No frills but great Location!	A friend and I stayed here for 3 nights in August 2005. It was perfect for our purposes - walk to Museum Campus, L stop 2 blocks away, bus stops that take you right down Michigan Avenue across the street.Rooms were clean and decent size. Showers had excellent water pressure - great after a long day of walking the museums. Staff was nice. Small hotel and staff, so they learned our faces and spoke to us when they saw us if we saw then walking to/from hotel @ lunch or shift end/start. Had bathroom issue at 6 am and maintenance responded very quickly.Cons - No restaurant on site, but a couple of small places within walking distance, or get delivery. Also buses take you right down Michigan Ave to any restaurant you could want. Only 2 small elevators, and they were so slow!!Overall, great for budget traveler who is really just looking for a clean, comfy place to crash inbetween taking in the sights.	
Aug 21 2005	Never again	I've had some good experiences at best westerns in the past so I figured that this wouldn't be much different. I ignored the warning... my mistake. The friendliest staff member there was a trainie... the manager and other staff were rude and paid little attention to their customers. Of the three elevators, 1 wasn't working, 1 had a bookshelf pushed casually infront of it, and the other took 15 minutes to come from the 3rd floor to the lobby. The room at first appearance was clean, but around midnight I heard a thud next to me and rolled over to notice a large beetle looking back at me. While the shower looked alright at first glance.... add a little water, and toilet paper that was stuck to the tub floor, floated right up. The view was impecible... 3ft down was the pool, eye level with us. I wouldn't have minded this much if our blinds closed all the way. So if you don't value your privacy, personally cleanliness, or a friendly staff... then the best western in grant park is the way to go. However, if you want a nice, romantic, clean room for a good price... I'd recommend the allegro just a few blocks away. For $130 with the military discount, we got a king size bedroom... Very clean, romantic with very helpful staff.	
Aug 14 2005 	Think twice	Here's a hotel in serious need of remodeling. There are nine stories and only two, very slow elevators. We stayed from Aug 9 to the 13th and had to get the A/C fixed. We also saw several other A/C units being hauled out of rooms.The walls are thin and you will hear everything in the other rooms. At least we couldn't bother guests with our radio because it didn't work.It is a budget hostel masquerading as as a two-star hotel. The $7 breakfast inlcudes only coffee, juice and toast or bagels. No eggs and sausage as advertised.If you stay here, check your bill. We had $295 in charges listed for services we didn't use. Although, they finally removed the charges, the staff was surly and uncooperative.If you can find another hotel, do so.	
Aug 14 2005	Helpful staff...	I was a little nervous after reading the other reviews about staying here, but we did have a nice stay.We showed up early and were allowed to check in about a half hour early. The parking area was being worked on so we had to park at a less expensive parking area a block away. When we opened the door to the room - it was neat, clean and odor free. (a non smoking room as requested) It was about 91 degrees outside, and our room was very comfortable. The location of the Hotel was excellent, very convienient to the El, bus stops, walking to Shedd, Grant park, Buckingham fountain etc.I stopped at the desk and asked for more pillows, and if someone could look at the TV (the picture was snowy) and before I got back to the room someone showed up with the pillows, and within 5 minutes our TV was fixed. Whenever we asked the staff for directions they were very helpful. We did witness the elevator getting stuck at one point - but the staff had it fixed within 10 minutes. I did also witness a couple of people come to the Manager with complaints....I was impressed with how fast the manager moved to please the guests and try to get any issue resolved. I would stay at this hotel again. My only real complaint was the noisey guests accross the hall with quite a bit of in and out of the room door slamming and talking right outside the door - they did stop after I asked them to.	
Jul 27 2005	no problems had good time!	I stayed @ the BW Grant Park from 7/22-7/25. My 15 yo son and I went to Lalapalooza! I booked the room thru STA Travel. I would not recommend using this agency, I was worried that somehow the reservation would get lost, and I knew the hotel was full due to lalaplooza being at Grant Park. I was right the reservation was not in the computer. However things got worked out in a matter of 30 mins. I needed a room w/ 2 beds, they could not do that for me, however they put me in a corner room on the 8th floor with 2 HUGH windows overlooking lake Michigan. It was nice, but I needed 2 beds, so I hounded the front desk just about every hour, and by 6pm I was in a room with 2 beds.The rooms are clean, and they have everything you need. The air condtioning was working just fine, in fact I felt cold at times, even on the hottest day, it was 104 degrees outdise, but I was cool in my room. The evalvators are fine and in working order. The staff were friendly, and they were VERY busy with it being full, however they brought me extra pillows and blankets upon request, and never made me feel like I was bothering them. Housekeeping had my room clean quickly, and always left extra towels upon my request. I was VERY nervous about staying here after reading so many bad reviews. All I can say is expect the worst and hope for the best, and you will see that there was NOTHING to worry about. It is a nice clean, safe hotel, and I would stay there again.	
Jul 13 2005	Great Stay!	I was in Chicago for 2 days with my family and some friends, in a group of 7 people. The purpose of our trip was tourism, and this hotel was a great find, within walking distance from Shedd Aquarium, Field Musem, Adler Planetarium, and just across the street from Grant Park.The hotel itself is very good. Upon reading the reviews, I called them and asked if the elevators were working, and the staff assured me they were. - Check-in: Check-in was flawless, with no problems at all. - Parking: We were in a mini-van, so the hotel clerk advised us to use the parking at the building right next door on Michigan Ave, for $15 a night.- Rooms: We requested 2 rooms with 2 beds each. They were nice and clean. I had a good sleep.- Staff: I had no problems what so ever with the staff. They were very polite and met all my requirements, whether it was asking for the nearest place to eat or for extra towels.- Breakfast: Breakfast costs $7. It's pretty much standard, with cereals, fruit, coffee, juice, milk, tea, bagels, bread, muffins, pancakes, waffles and the like.My family overall was very pleased with this hotel, and we intend to stay there again on our next visit to Chicago.Now be warned, this is a no frills hotel, but if your looking for a clean, comfortable place to sleep after an exhausting day, Best Western Grant Park is a great find.	
Jun 28 2005	Not worth the money	We stayed at the Best Western Grant Park on June 23, 2005. Once we arrived at the hotel we found out that the parking they had was only for small cars and not SUV's which is what we had. The clerk gave us another place to leave the vehicle for a cheaper rate. When we arrived to our room we noticed that the air was not blowing out cold air. We told the front desk clerk and they said they would check it out. Well they didn't. We stayed in the room the 1st nite but by the 2nd nite it was unbearable so once again we called the front desk and they said they would send someone up. The mainteance guy came and informed us that the unit was froze. The guy at the desk told us he would move us to another room and he did. The room on the 9th floor was a suite. We tried to get to talk to a manager everyday that we were there and was given the run around. Everytime we asked for a manger someone said that he wasn't in and would be in later. Later never came for us because we were there from Thur-Sun and never even spoke with the manager. The elevator could only hold 6 people and as you know that is very small. It took a long time to even get an elevator so one time we took the stairs to the 6th floor and it was not a pretty site. The beds in this hotel are very low to the floor and very weak. The bathroom is also very small. For the price we paid we could have stayed somewhere else. The rate was $149 a nite plus tax. I had stayed in a Best Western in Myrtle Beach the week before and it was cheaper and much nicer. I will never stay at this one again.	
Jun 27 2005	Don't stay here you have been warned!	This hotel was just awful. Front desk was giving me the run around. The air was not working for 2 nights out of the 3 nights we were there. Elevators are very, very, very slow.. Only 6 people will fit. Hotel not very clean. It is not worth the money at all. I would rather spend a little more and stay somewhere nice. Just not a good hotel to stay and staff was so unprofessional......	
Jun 9 2005	Good but nothing special	I chose this venue as I was attending a sporting event at Soldier field, in terms of location, it is probably the closest hotel to Soldier field and at the same time is within walking distance (or a short taxi ride) to the City Centre. It is also (as the name would suggest) right next to the impressive Grant Park.On arrival, I was far from impressed with the hotel. After a very long day in which I had been up 20 hours and travelled 4,000 miles I arrived to be greeted by staff who gave the impression they didn't really want to be there, which doesn't create a good image. Furthermore, neither lift was working and we were on the 8th floor, not something you want after such a long day. I wouldn't have minded so much, but the staff didn't seem to care. Thankfully, the attitude of all the staff I met after that was very different indeed. After checking in, all of the staff I spoke to at various times were more than helpful, and one of the lifts was working again later that evening!The room itself was okay, it was what you would expect for the price. A reasonable sized room with a double bed, en-suite, Large TV etc etc. The most important thing was that is was clean and tidy, and was cleaned daily.Overall, I thought it was a fairly good hotel, which was pretty good value for money and in a good location. However, unless I was attending an event at Soldier field I probably would not stay there again, and would opt for something a bit more central.	
Feb 2 2005	Not bad	We stayed at the Best Western Grant Park Hotel on January 22 for a friends birthday party after spending an evening at Buddy Guy's Legends. I read the previous reviews before I made reservations, I was nervous about it but I couldn't think of a better place to go within walking distance. I took my chances. All in all the hotel was very nice. Yes the rooms are smaller than your normal surburban hotels but what do you expect from a city hotel? The room was clean and we had a nice view of the field museum and part of the lake. Bed &amp; pillows comfortable. The only complaint is that hotel walls in the city for some reason are always paper thin. You can hear the mumbling of a couple talking to each other in the next room. (I always bring ear plugs just in case.) Being very tired falling to sleep was not a problem. The staff was friendly, and checking in and out was no problem. I would recommend this hotel it served its purpose nicely; a place to crash after a night of celebration. Don't let the other reviews scare you away.	
Nov 23 2004	Was a good experience!	We stayed here on a Thursday night for approximately 90$. When we checked in, the clerk was unfriendly and didn't seem to know what she was doing- bad start to our stay there but our room was relatively clean and fresh, the bed was comfortable and the pillows very full. Our room had a fridge, which was a nice addition. There was no continental breakfast, just a breakfast you had to pay for but no matter. The location was good because we took the South Shore train into town and that was right across the street. This hotel is very close to the Planetarium and there's a bus stop right across the street. Overall, a very good stay :)	
Oct 25 2004	Good Experience	The hotel staff was very helpful and the overall experience we had the hotel was great. The housekeeping staff was also wonderful and left us more towels as we requested. Very clean and it was everything that we expected.	
Oct 19 2004	We were warned....		
Aug 10 2004	Awful Experience		
Jul 20 2004	Best Western barely adequate		
Jul 7 2004	Not a good place to stay		
Jul 6 2004	BW Should be Ashamed to Have Their Name on This		
May 24 2004	awful!!!!		
May 24 2004	Horrible Hotel!		
Jan 16 2004	Good for the Bears fan.		
Oct 3 2003	Adequate		
May 21 2003	Confused		
May 21 2003	Hotel sin pretenciones		
Aug 6 2009 	hotel medio		
Sep 20 2007 	inferiore alla media		
