Nov 12 2009 	What you'd expect from a "mutant" Four Seasons-Ritz Carlton	It's confusing branding, but it's pretty much what you'd expect. Nearly obsequious service, but not quite. Nice setting. Very clean and well maintained rooms. Quiet. Food is excellent in room service and restaurants. Very nice views from nearly every room. Possible to get good rates that make it possible to stay here for business.	
Nov 9 2009 	Solid but losing its luster. Watch out for twin beds	This used to be one of the top properties in Chicago but it has been eclipsed by new entrants and needs updating. That said, it is still a good property in an excellent location and is good value for money at its current rate structure.The pluses:- Fantastic location- Reliable Ritz / Four Seasons amenities and service levels- Free wireless internet (surprised me)- Great views of Hancock and Lake Shore Drive (North view)- Very reasonable rates during the period I stayed here The minuses:- Lobby area and some elements of the room are a bit dated- Service is of an older, stuffier, and more formal variety. I didn't find the staff to be warm / friendly nor were they proactive in anticipating needs. That said, they were good on the basics Also, watch out when booking a room with two beds. My room had two twin beds. I was very surprised. I have never seen a twin bed at a luxury hotel outside of Japan.	
Nov 9 2009 	Outstanding -- and (surprisingly) a Real Value!	One up side of the down economy is that savvy travelers can enjoy some real bargains. My wife and I recently took advantage of a significant deal offered by The Ritz-Carlton Chicago. The hotel was offering a credit (read: discount!) of $100 per night for guests who stayed a minimum of two nights. Because we planned to drive from Indianapolis after work on Friday anyway, it was perfect: the luxury of the Ritz-Carlton for a room rate of about $25 a night more than we would have spent on a much more modest hotel at the other end of the Magnificent Mile.The service was impeccable. From the bellman who greeted us and took our luggage to our room to the desk clerks, the concierge, and room service attendants, everything was top-flight. The hotel is located in Water Tower Place, kitty-corner from the famous Chicago water tower, across from the John Hancock Building, and adjacent to a shopping mall with the store my wife refers to as her “mother ship”: Macy’s. (Try the Frango mints; they’re a true Chicago treat!)Our room, 2222, was a Deluxe room and included a king bed, easy chair, desk, big-screen TV, huge closet, and a minibar. The room faced south with what real estate agents would describe as a “peek view” of Lake Michigan and Navy Pier, but had shades and curtains that kept the morning sun at bay until we were ready to greet it.The bath was quite large with double sinks; a separate tub and toilet area; generous, fluffy towels; a hair dryer; lighted makeup mirror; robes and slippers; and high-end L’Occitane en Provence amenities. Lounging about in bathrobes, reading the paper, and sipping coffee is a great way to start the day so, on Saturday morning, we decided to treat ourselves to room service. The French Country breakfast consisted of assorted, cured meats and cheeses, artisan bread, a croissant, citrus mostarda, café au lait, and brewed coffee. It was delivered within 1/2 hour of our call and was delicious!Thus fortified, we got ready to head out onto the Magnificent Mile and enjoy some surprisingly glorious November weather. After a day spent doing a little shopping and a lot of wandering through art galleries along the Mag Mile and in the city’s River North neighborhood, we were ready for a nice dinner. Chicago is also home to a number of wonderful dining spots, many are within easy walking distance of the Ritz-Carlton. While my wife and I thoroughly enjoy fine food and aren’t hesitant about paying for it, some of the trendier spots in the area seemed to smack of a “popularity premium,” so we asked one of the concierge staff for other recommendations. The concierge, a member of Les Clef d’Or, recommended a new Mexican restaurant that opened on Kinzie Street in September, just a short cab ride from the hotel. There’s a lot to do in Chicago, from shopping and sightseeing when the weather is good to a broad range of museums, theatres, and other indoor attractions when the weather is bad. I highly recommend considering The Ritz-Carlton as your base of operations, no matter what the weather!	
Oct 27 2009 	Excellent	Stayed at the Ritz Carlton Chicago after attending a meeting at the Westin Michigan Avenue. Thankfully I stayed at the RC after the Westin and not before. Where the Westin was tired with service lacking the RC was a breath of fresh air. Our great experience started before we arrived, I had been trying multiple times to get into a restaurant that does not take reservations (not from me at least), after 3 separate times trying my wife called the hotel and within 10 minutes we had a reservation for dinner on a Saturday at 7:30 PM - quite impressive. Back to our stay our room was not ready as we arrived early, no problem, the front desk person immediately took our back to storage and said would call when our room was ready. Right on time I received a call on my cell that they were prepared for us. The lobby is grand and probably the one area of the hotel that may need a makeover, not that is anyway bad it is just a little old fashioned especially when the guestrooms have a more modern design. The guestrooms (seemed like were recently renovated) were very spacious, plush carpets, nice comfortable blues and greys, great beds (much better than the Westin &quot;Heavenly&quot; beds), spotless, large windows (we were on the 21st floor) and had great views. Complimentary Internet which I appreciate. All the staff we encountered were professional and courteous. The only meals we had on-site were room service breakfast and lunch which were terrific (better than some of the restaurants we went to). Overall great hotel and location and would stay there again.	
Oct 26 2009 	Great location	Loved the location best of with this property connected to the American Girl Place and Water Tower Atrium on the third level. The colors of the deluxe four seasons suites where we stayed we're a pleasing palatte of soft blues and grays. Tres chic modern furnishings, and crystal ball lamps, the room was a fine example of glamorous living from a time gone past. The bedding was exceptionally comfortable. The hotel pulls all stops for they're guests, from valet service, to bell hops service, turn down service, morning paper, and cookie baking for the children. The deluxe suites have two baths for convenient living. The hotel is a bit dated in the lobby but will be renovated in 2010. The baths have no jetted tubs or double sinks or plasma TV in bath. Room service should be improved, we called twice for the minifridge to be delivered, the champagne was not delivered with our desert as requested, and the morning paper was forgotted from our morning breakfast which we requested. We we we were not advised the lobby serves coffee 530a-830am...And make sure you request the coffee maker to be sent to you're room at checkin or else no coffee in room. There is only one eating establishment in hotel the cafe. Lastly this is a Four Seasons property so no Club Level, or onsite day care center fir Ritz Kidz. Wonderful welcome wagon for children at checkin and cookies delivered to room with Evoian water on the first day. That was a very nice touch. Private fitness club to guests, &amp; very ordinary pool. Overall the Four Seasons property connected to the Bloomingdale building although a smaller capacity hotel is much more on the spot with three dining facilties and an extraordinary buffet lunch daily for 27USD per person, wonderful mohagany parlor room, and water feature ornate dining rooms, with crown mouldings and fine crystal. The plush five star hotel you would expect.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great hotel with a feel of luxury in a great location!	We stayed here for one night with our children while traveling thru Chicago. We had looked ahead to see that the weather was calling for rain, and decided to stay at this hotel because of its location above the Water Tower Place Mall (which now includes the American Girl Doll store that my youngest wanted to see and eat at). Upon arrival, we were greeted quickly by the valet staff in a cheerful manner. After unloading our luggage and taking the elevator up to the 12th floor lobby, we checked in at the desk. I asked for an upgrade (as I was instructed to do when I made the reservation). The woman attending us somewhat ignored my request and handed us our keys and hotel information. I asked again about the upgrade at which point she commented that all the &quot;suites&quot; were already appointed. Her non-friendly tone was not what I wanted to begin our stay. However, this one person turned out to be the only negative of the stay, as EVERY other hotel employee went out of their way to be welcoming and pleasant. The room we chose (executive suite king) was beautiful! It was a corner room with 3 huge windows and a beautiful view of the city and lake michigan from the 18th floor. We took advantage of the cookie making session with the hotel chef (which is free- just request it in advance). They delivered our cookies later in the evening via room service. When we called for extra sheets for my daughter (who we hadn't planned on staying with us) and pillows, they quickly delivered them - along with extra bath supplies, towels, robe and slippers. We also took advantage of the swimming pool, which was warm and clean. The spa that we went thru (and locker rooms) was amazing. I will definitely try to make time for these services when we return next time. Overall, it was delightful. We will definitely stay again on our next trip to Chicago.	
Sep 21 2009 	Absolute luxury	Stayed there for one night and loved every minute of it. We had spectacular view of the lake and the Hanckok tower. Room was immaculate, L'Occitane bath products, huge bathroom, comfy bed. In the morning I went to the health club to work out and then swam in an indoor swimming pool. Excellent location, everything is within a walking distance. If you are looking for a romantic place to stay in Chicago, look no further.	
Sep 12 2009 	Underwhelmed at the Ritz Chicago	Having stayed at other Ritz Carltons, and researching this location, I was looking forward to a terrific experience. While okay, there was nothing memorable spending 3 nights at this property. Lobby while nice seemed dated, service average to slow in cafe and at hotel bar. If this spa is world class, I am trying another planet. Pool is small, hot tub is hotter (I think) than recommended highest temperature. Room was smaller than I expected, furnishings were very comfortable, but seemed sparse. Staff helpful, but robotic in terms of service delivery and guest interaction. Web site listed a rooftop sun deck. Deck was closed for renovations, which was not mentioned to me when I contacted property prior to making reservation. Perhaps because this property is manged by Four Seasons, some of the little touches experienced at other Ritz-Carltons were missing. For the price, I would be just as happy at other 3 1/2 - 5 star properties within a mile of the Chicago Ritz Carlton. Also, $45 per night for valet seems to really push the envelope.	
Sep 5 2009 	Okay but...	This hotel is fine, we stayed there on a promotion of third night free. Two of the rooms we were given were on a high floor and looked newly decorated in cream tones. The third one was on a low floor and looked dingy and was decorated in blue. The front desk was efficient and moved the 3rd person to the higher floor in minutes. That was good. This hotel has the smallest bathrooms I have ever seen in a Four Seasons property. While the sink area is spacious and has 2 sinks, the combination tub and shower and toilet are enclosed in an extremely small space one next to the other. One of the showers did not work properly.Location is great, service nice.	
Sep 3 2009 	Tired	Spent President's weekend with my family at the Ritz in Chicago.Used to live in the neighborhood so I knew how great this hotel's location is. The location is the best thing about this hotel. In Chicago the Ritz is part of the Four Season chain. Unfortunately for mr the Four Season's, which is 2 blocks away, is thehotel that I should have stay at.The Ritz is tired. The lobby is great and the location is top notch but the Water Tower Mall isn't what it used to be ( youngest daughter did enjoy visiting the American Girl store) and the pool health club is sub par for a 5 star hotel.Net net, there are better choices for the price.	
Aug 26 2009 	Outstanding well worth the price of the room	Was in Chicago for a conference and stayed at the Ritz. From the initial greeting to the very friendly, relaxed and attentive front desk attendant everything was first class. The room's are very well appointed, modern (recent renovation to the entire hotel) and the service was excellent. Great location to access the city and a wonderful place to return to at the end of the day. The beds are fantastic as well, and the view was beautiful. Worth the money, would highly recommend the ritz water tower place.	
Aug 23 2009 	Excellence Continues at Chicago Ritz Carlton	I had not stayed at this property for three years, i.e., before any of the recent renovation. The hotel remains lovely, with attentive staff, and a perfect location. While I had the lowest level room they offered, the views of the lake were stunning and the quality of the furnishings and other aspects of the room were top notch. I highly recommend it.	
Aug 21 2009 	Stressfull frontdesk staff	I was confident to have a nice stay when choosing the Ritz-Carlton Chicago; but we understood immediately that it was a very bad choice. 1. We had made our reseravtion in April, with an arrival on July 28th. My wife was in Boston the week before, and I was to join her in Chicago on the 28.We had to make a change so that she would arrive on the 27, one day before me.When she arrived for checking in, she was rebuffed as she was told that as her name was not on the reservation, even if her passeport stated that she was my wife, she could not stay at the hotel! She was then required to call me in Paris (in the middle of the night) with her cellphone (well she could have called anyone in fact, but at no cost for the hotel) so that I confirm she was to stay with me!That for the greeting!2. The next day, before my arrival, she was called to the front desk and informed that her Visa card was not providing for the payment of the stay. This was true, but why not wait for my arrival the same day ? I was the one who made the booking. This was truly very poor manners from the hotel to bother my wife at this moment, when you think we were to stay 10 days!3. A few days later, the same problem arised with my own credit card. I went to the front desk and explained that I had to call my bank in Paris to settle the matter, but due to time difference, had to wait until the next morning. In the afternoon of the same day, I was summoned again at the front desk, for the same reason, by the duty manager. I told him that I already explained that I would call my bank in the morning; but it was not enough for him : first, he showed me that my card was not accepted, then he asked me how I will be paying if it was not accepted, then he suggested that I met someone from the accounting department by 9 am...So much pressure, and we had still 4 nights to stay there. It was truly intimidating, rude, and I felt like if I was a potential criminal.Besides these bad experiences, I must say that the service was not on a high standard. Breakfast was difficult to obtain in the lobby, coffee was cold by the time breads arrived,etc.We were offered to take off a night from our bill, anyway on the next morning, we asked for the breakfast in the room and it arrived with one capuccino instead of two, and no bagels that had been ordered.	
Aug 15 2009	Fabulous Hotel	Stayed at this hotel for three nights in August. All rooms with two beds were booked, so after one night of staying in a king bed, they transferred us to a different room. It went very smoothly and they took care of it for us with ease. Rooms are very nicely decorated. Area around hotel is very nice. Overall, a very nice hotel.	
Aug 5 2009 	Best location in Chicago	Love Love Love the Ritz Carlton Chicago! We travel to Chicago a few times a year and we always stay at the Ritz. The staff is so welcoming, Mark the doorman and Lula the lady who sits at the first floor entry desk always remember our kids names. The front desk, housekeeping and room service have been equally accomodating. When traveling with a baby we always forget some random necessary item, If the hotel didn't have whatever we needed they offered to go out and get it. (Another plus is the perfect toddler and kid sized playground right across the street)The lakeside suites have amazing views of Lake Michigan and Navy Pier. During the summer on the weekends you can catch the fireworks from Navy Pier right from your room. The rooms have just been nicely renovated and are much more contemporary.The Ritz lobby is like a little oasis tucked just 12 floors above a busy metropolis.	
Aug 4 2009 	Good but to me not worth the cost	Went for a long weekend, a &quot;last hurrah&quot; trip before son 1 leaves for college. We are getting very spoiled and are leaning towards Four Seasons whenever it is a choice (and when we can get a deal that is only outrageous, not astronomical!) Although the hotel seemed almost 2/3 empty... there were really no deals to be had other than the buy two nights, one night free. This would have been too expensive for us with two rooms, (which is what we really wanted) so we crammed into a deluxe executive suite, approx $700 night with taxes...(and don't forget the $40 plus per night parking!) whew! Lucky that third night was &quot;free&quot;. But we knew all this going in so it is not a strike against the hotel. But what is does is set expectations extremely high...The lobby is beautiful, large, sunny, nice fountain in the middle. Our room, on the 20th floor....eh.... It had a main sitting room with a pull out couch, then the master bedroom separated by frosted french doors. It did have two bathrooms, but they were small and not &quot;luxurious&quot; at all, with combined bath/shower. Also, we joked about the &quot;ergodynamic&quot; toilets... they are kind of low, and rather tilt you backwards. There was enough room for the four of us, but tight when the rollaway was out. The main king size bed was extremely comfortable, nice fluffy bath towels and I love those four seasons robes. It was clean. Oddly there was no TV channel information, that would have been appreciated. Of course teen sons quickly figured out the remote to get channel listings, but my old eyes couldn't see it very well on the t.v. when laying on the bed. You can request newspapers to be delivered to your door every morning, which we did.We went down to look at the spa/pool area first thing. It was unimpressive, to say the least. The pool is a small, very small lap pool. The whirlpool was small and didn't look very appealing at all, like not so clean, and not filled all the way? As far as I could tell, it was not being cleaned at the time as there was no sign and a family was in it! I did work out in their gym, and the equipment, for a hotel gym, was very good. Nice touch to have cooled towels available and someone going around bringing everyone water. We did not eat at the hotel, nor did very many others by the look of the lobby restaurant every time we passed by. We did have coffee and drinks at the lobby bar, that was nice (and, yes, expensive!) So yes, I liked this hotel, didn't love it, probably will try somewhere else in the future as for me, it did not justify the cost and have that &quot;Four Seasons&quot; feeling. It's not fair to compare a city Four Seasons to a resort Four Seasons (like Nevis, one of the most magical stays in the world) but I have stayed at the St. Louis Four Seasons, which was, to me, way more impressive than this one, and will be staying at the Four Seasons Philadelphia in a few weeks, which my husband has already stayed in, and loves. I will then have a direct, big city Four Seasons comparison.	
Aug 4 2009 	No miracle on the Miracle Mile	Trying to be classy (when you're not), describes everything and everyone from the second we walked in. Even the maid, although trying to pretend she was part of the &quot;Ritz&quot; family, acted like she was at Motel 6 on Skid Row, with a frown and a grunt as if we were a bother or she had a hang over. The room was more than double the price of a like room any where else in that neighborhood. The hot water did not work and they did not even seem concerned when I informed them of it. DO NOT GO NTO THIS RIPOFF HOTEL FOR THOSE AND 10 OTHER REASONS.	
Jul 29 2009 	Wonderful stay in a first class hotel!	This trip was for me, my sister, and my daughter, 11. I booked a city view room and received an upgrade to a beautiful lake view on the 27th floor! Originally I booked the American Girl package but about a week before our stay I changed the room rate to the experience more one (best value). However, they still gave my daughter all the American Girl amenities without charging us the package price! WOW! I thought they made a mistake, but they didn't. My daughter was amazed by the AG travel bed, robe, slippers, notepad, cookies for the doll and daughter, welcome note, etc. When we arrived, there was a bowl of popcorn and a bottle of pop on the desk. They sprinkled confetti in one of the two sinks with children's bubble bath, detangler, and soap. It was a great way to start our trip!They also gave my daughter a folder with the welcome note in it at the lobby desk. Inside had the inviation to make cookes in the hotel's kitchen. The note said to call by 3:00 to participate at 4:00. It was 3:15 when we called but they said &quot;No problem!&quot; We checked in a few minutes early and then went down to the American Girl store (2nd floor of our hotel) for a quck look around. The new store is amazing! After returning to the area to start the cookies, the worker remembered my daughter's name and welcomed her back. She took us (along with a few other guests) to the back side of the restaurant where we washed our hands and the pastry chef had the dough and cookie cutters ready. After making about 5 cookies, we were told that they would bake them for us and have room service deliver them to our room. We left for dinner and when we came back, the cookies were there along with cute little cups full of things to decorate the cookies with (frosting, sprinkes, etc). How fun! This is free by the way.We checked out the pool area. You have to go through the workout area and spa area to get to the pool. Not crazy about that arrangement. The pool has limited hours for children and the bellhop told us that when he delivered our luggage. It is a pretty small pool (lap pool) but I asked a girl in the elevator who obviously had been swimming if she enjoyed it, and she said yes and that the pool was warm. There are some nicely padded chairs around the pool. I saw a steam room, area to shower, and very nice lockers. If I didn't have my daughter along, I would have loved to spend more time here.Some people have complained about the elevators, but I found them to be very fast (we never waited more than a few seconds) and the different elevators are right next to each other. Not an issue for me.A few minor things that could be better: First of all, it would be our arrival at the hotel. We pulled up to the hotel and had to wait quite a while before someone talked to us and helped us with our luggage. Granted, it was 3:00 and close to check in time so I can understand that you need to be patient. However, a nice little conversation to let us know what to do or expect would be helpful. The Park Hyatt has the arrival part down to a science. (They have your luggage out before you are practically out of the car, find out your name which they relay to the front desk, etc.)Secondly, I put the note on the door to request a newspaper on the first morning. They took the note but I got no newspaper. Then we ordered room service (YUM!) and they asked if we would like a newspaper. Well, they forgot to bring it. I ended up calling and they did bring it this time. However, the next day I had all 4 newspapers (chicago, new york, usa today, and one other that I can't recall) hanging in a bag from my door!Shower and tub combo: not my favorite arrangement. However, the tub is deep and there is a nice ledge to put your supplies. Plus the toilet is in the same area with the shower/tub and it's a bit cramped in there. There is a much bigger area with two sinks for you to get ready in the AM. Loved how close the hotel is to Michigan Avenue and the water. We walked easily to the beach one day where you can rent bikes (even surrey bikes!). If we had more time, I would definitely rent bikes to ride along the shore.It was also a very quiet hotel. I heard no creaking noises (from the building swaying) or ambulances. The ambulances/police sirens were an issue at the Park Hyatt.Overall, I would love to stay here again and had a wonderful stay!!!	
Jun 17 2009 	disappointing at best	Stayed here for 4 days late April 2009 while my husband had a business meeting in Chicago. Our 2 room suite, a supposed upgrade, was claustrophobic and dated. The 2 bathrooms were tiny in 70's style, bathtub/shower combo and more what would be expected in a 2 star motel. Service was spotty. The maid had to be called several times for service when we returned at 3:30-4pm to find the room not cleaned. Turndown service was also inconsistent. The concierge had difficulty booking dinner reservations for the correct restaurants and the correct day requiring multiple call backs. The restaurant charged us a large party service charge when we sat down for lunch, 3 adults and one child. Would have preferred to stay at Park Hyatt or Peninsula but we were fooled by the &quot;Ritz Carlton&quot; brand. For all the $ we spent here a total ripoff!!!	
Jun 5 2009 	Good but not great	Stayed at the Ritz with a business group in late May. The group had previously stayed at the Four Seasons (basically across the street). I much preferred the Four Seasons. The rooms at the Ritz were nice, but not outstanding. I extended my stay to be with family and so was paying for the room for an additional three nights. Even at the discounted rate procurred by the group and extended to me, it was only a middling experience. However, the gym was quite nice with excellent amenities. I did not have a chance to try the Spa. The breakfast was good, but service was uneven. The car service was usually prompt. The lobby on the 12th floor is nothing to get excited about. All in all it was just OK - But, a Ritz OUGHT to be great!	
Apr 29 2009 	Voted best hotel in N. America (third in the world) by Conde Nast for a reason	I came for a weekend away, to enjoy shopping and sightseeing in Chicago. I've stayed at several 5-star hotels before, but this one far surpassed all the others (and all my expectations). The hotel is gorgeous (from the stunning lobby to the rooms and view),and the service was impeccable. EVERYONE was so friendly and polite, and no request was too much trouble. They take pleasure in service, down to the tiniest detail, and it shows. They have a 24-hour IT staff to help with high-speed internet access, which could not be more secure, due to several precautions they take. The concierge was amazing -- always had several recommendations for restaurants, whether I wanted something upscale or simple, and was quite helpful in securing tour tickets. The Sunday brunch was an experience in itself -- superb. Overall, this hotel comes closest to perfection of any that I have visited. I stayed 3 nights and didn't want to leave. I definitely plan to return and would recommend it to anyone.	
Apr 24 2009 	Superb In Every Way	This is a magificant, well run Ritz in an outstanding location downtown Chicago. The service was outstanding. Of course, the rate I paid was discounted (group), and although still a little high, was very much worth the price. The bed and bathroom features are exceptional. The service is outstanding. We had a lovely stay and would return without question.	
Apr 15 2009 	money well spent friendly staff great location	formally the four seasons, close to mall, retaurants and everything.Attended a wedding here in Nov of last year. Stayed for two nights, had a blast.Been to chicago several many times on business and leisure.other nice hotels the penisula chicago and also trump international hotel and towers chicago.	
Apr 14 2009 	Fantastic Four Season/Ritz in the Heart of Chicago	My family and I stayed here for a night after attending a Notre Dame football game in October of 2008. The hotel itself is actually a Four Seasons, but it carries the name Ritz Carlton. Don't expect to get any Ritz Carlton perks when staying here as it is truly a Four Seasons property. The rooms were great and we especially like the double sinks in the bathroom. The bed was very comfortable and we had a great view of the city. The location of the hotel can't be beat as it is just minutes away from great dining and shopping. We were fortunate enough to have breakfast here on our last morning and found it to be pricey but very good. We have stayed in many Ritz Carlton hotels and found this one to be very good. The only complaint I have against the hotel is that you don't get any Ritz Carlton perks due to the fact that it is simply a Four Seasons managed hotel.	
Mar 17 2009 	Renovationed and even more fabulous!	I stay at this hotel every March during St. Patrick's Day weekend and it is fabulous. This time, I got a renovated room on the 26th floor and it was great! The carpeting still smelled new. The decor is beautiful! I really enjoy the complimentary kona coffee every mornng in the lobby. And the Sunday brunch is the best in the city. As usual, I always meet a celebrity each time I stay. This year, it was the New Orleans Hornets, who were in town to play the Chicago Bulls.. My only complaint is there were no electric outlets at the desk in the room, making it hard to plug in the computer and cell phones chargers.	
Mar 15 2009 	Fantastic hotel!	This Ritz is so nice. Everything about the room was comfortable. Giant bathroom with L'Occitane toiletries. Beautiful lobby. Great location. Highly recommended.	
Feb 25 2009 	Wonderful time at the Ritz	If you've stayed at any ritz you wont be disapointed. Great Chicago location A+ service as always	
Feb 17 2009 	this is why you go to the Ritz	I found the Ritz to be absolutely lovely. The staff were great and very accommodating. The rooms were so nice, I wish I lived there! I could not complain about anything during my stay there. It is a little pricey, but you're staying at the Ritz and its the price you would expect to pay.	
Nov 23 2008 	Living the Good Life at the Ritz	Just got back from a weekend trip to the Ritz Carlton. Here are my comments on the hotel.LOCATION: Great location, less than a block of Michigan Ave. Right near Water Tower Place mall. Within walking distance of great stores and restaurants.HOTEL: The hotel is actually located on the 12th floor of Water Tower Place. You need to take a separate elevator to your room once you reach the lobby level. Some people saw this as an inconvenience but for me it wasn't a big deal. SERVICE: I received exceptional service during my staff. The front desk, bellmen, and housekeeping staff were great.ROOM: I booked an executive kind suite. The suite was a corner room and had views of Michigan Ave, Hancock Tower, and Lake Michigan. The room was bit dated compared to other Ritz-Carltons I have stayed in, however the room was very clean and well-maintained. My overall experience at this hotel was very good and I would definitely consider staying there again the next time I visit Chicago.	
Nov 1 2008	Excellent Experience	I spent a week at the RC attending an on-site Conference. The staff, room, and experience were AWESOME. We requested early check in, and not only did we get in @ 10 a.m., we also got an upgrade to a lake-view room. The staff were all wonderful, esp. the folks at the concierge desk. And the location can't be beat. We can't wait to go back to Chicagoland and plan to stay at the Ritz. It beats the hell out of my previous stay at the Palmer House back in 2002.	
Oct 31 2008 	Dated and TIRED	If you are expecting Ritz Carlton standards then do not stay here. The rooms are very dated and worn. The white paint on the doors and walls has started to turn yellow. Antique televisions stuck in a corner of the room. The staff switched our room 3 times, but moving us to a lake view room does not make up for the torn and stained rugs. They finally moved us to the Four Seasons around the corner which was excellent in comparison.	
Oct 13 2008	Suiteness!	This is a Four Seasons property and not quite up to the Ritz Carlton's standards. The carpet was frayed and the furnishings were a bit dated. We had trouble with the thermostat, which was addressed immediately. It always seemed warm and a bit stuffy.But, the view was magificent, staff was wonderful and the location (one bock from the Mag Mile) was perfect for us.	
Oct 8 2008 	It is the Ritz	I am not a big fan of the big chain hotels but in general you can not go wrong with a Ritz property and Chicago is not different.The rooms are spacious and in the typical style of all Ritz rooms. Lobby/Check-inNo issues with check-in or check-out - no linesLobby is nicely decorated, though the view of the roof and heating equipment could use some creative decorations to cover them.It is a bit awkward to actually get to the hotel and your room, you have to take two elevators- one from the ground level to the lobby level of the hotel, then change in the lobby to another set of elevators to your room, not so bad during the day but a tad annoying at night when you are tiredRooms- noting to complain about, big bed, big furniture, nice bathroom, good amenities. Nothing that memoriable either.Room Service - only ordered coffee in the am once and it was fineLocation - Great location to walk to most things in Chicago.Food - we had lunch at the hotel, food was just ok.I am sure there are more interesting places in Chicago to stay but the Ritz is always a safe bet.I would stay again	
Sep 8 2008 	Amazing service Fantastic Hotel	I have had to stay at this hotel a couple of times for work. Each time I have been happy with the great service and comfort of the hotel. If you can get a lake view even better. The staff is always willing to go above and beyond. They have arranged delivery and shipping of packages for me without any trouble. The last time I stayed I got snowed in and had a high fever and it was the nicest place in the world to get sick. When I called for tea, they brought me my own hot water electric tea kettle to use for my stay so I could make tea whenever I needed it. The bed is luxurious. The bathroom is well laid out. The toiletries were L'Occitane. Wonderfully thick robe and slippers were provided.I have eaten in the hotel restaurant which has been fine, but not spectacular. Our real favorite is the hot cocoa in the lobby/bar/cafe. It is delightful on cold winter nights. If you need to buy some items at the Water Tower Mall the elevators to the hotel give you direct access. Again helpful during the winter when you don't want to take a stroll outside. There is a small business center with computer terminals and printers. The only negative is taxi drivers seem to not understand there are two different Four Seasons properties and even if you tell them the Water Tower they drive to the wrong one!A wonderful luxury hotel and I would return again and again, as long as someone else is paying for it!	
Aug 29 2008 	Very Nice but new Chicago Trump Hotel is better	The world class Ritz Carlton service, and great location, live up to the 5 star expectations, but in the end, this is an old Chicago hotel, and unfortunately the rooms (the most important feature of any hotel) leave too much to be desired.When paying over $400 a night, I would expect at least a Plasma TV, or some sort of flat screen High Definition TV....but my 32&quot; TV was from the 1980s, and the room could not have been more than 450 sq feet....like all of the older classic Chicago hotels in this neighborhood, the rooms are just too small, and outdated, for the price.The lobby area is beautiful, and the famous Four Seasons service top notch, the staff is impeccable in meeting your needs, and set the standard in proffessionalism....but why stay in a tiny room, with no 21st century ammentities, and old world furniture, when you can stay at the new, ultra modern Trump Chicago Hotel, in the same neighborhood, for the same price, and enjoy more modern conveniences than you may have in your own home...not to mention a full kitchen in every room (a huge plus if you have kids)?I'll take the 600 + sq ft room at the Trump any day of the week...with free WiFi, IPOD doc, Bose CD player at bedside, 42&quot; Plasma, and everything else a person under 65 needs to survive!I love you Ritz Carlton, you are a class act, but your age is showing...I'll be staying at Trump next time, and living large in this century thank you!	
Jul 15 2008 	Always lovely- but a few problems	I have stayed at this Ritz-Carlton before and always look forward to returning. This visit was overall very good, with a few minor complaints.I always feel spoiled by the Ritz's attentive staff, which is usually on top of their game. On this trip however, on my second night I noticed a small reddish brown stain on the pillowcase. This led me to question whether the bedding had been cleaned and made me feel a bit uncomfortable. I expect the utmost detail from the Ritz, especially this location, and honestly the stain made me uncomfortable.We had breakfast at the lobby restaurant a few mornings in a row which was okay- nothing special as normally expected from a Ritz-Carlton. I probably would not have breakfast here again.Overall it was a lovely stay but the stained pillow case put a damper on my view of a normally spot-on hotel.	
Jul 13 2008 	Flawless Stay	Stayed 3 nights in this centrally located hotel. Everything ran smoothly. Checkin was quick. Got upgraded to a suite overlooking Lake Michigan. Snacks and wine were waiting for us. Room service was good, prompt and hot. Lobby bar is nice and airy with good lake views. Fitness center and pool are first rate. They even have a rooftop sun deck off the pool for the summer months. This hotel is pricey but worth it if you want to be pampered and have a first class experience on Michigan ave.	
Jun 10 2008 	Very comfortable and pleasant stay at the Ritz	I booked my 4-night stay at the Ritz for a conference so the rate was reasonable. The hotel lobby was elegant and my room was very nicely appointed, with a generous supply of L'Occitane products, complimentary bottled water, double sinks in the large bathroom, plenty of towels and a robe/slippers. The staff was exceptional; knowledgeable, helpful, efficient and courteous; I could not have asked for more! The location was excellent right on Michigan Avenue. I could see Navy Pier from my room. The John Hancock building was across the street, Navy Pier was a 10 minute walk and the Lincoln Park zoo was a 20 minute walk. The room was clean, relatively quiet and very comfortable. There was a small firehouse and a large hospital nearby and I could hear occasional sirens, but definitely not constant so the disturbance was minor. The restaurant food was very good and the staff remembered me although the prices were high. Complimentary wired internet is available in the rooms but I was able to get wireless access in my room and in the lobby. The lobby and restaurant are on the 12th floor which is rather unique. Take the ground floor elevator to 12, then get off, go around the corner to the elevators that take you to the rooms. This seemed odd at first, but wouldn't be a deterrent for me. I would stay here again without hesitation. Beneath the hotel is a multi-floor mall which I loved. All in all, this was a very problem-free, enjoyable stay and I loved my first visit to Chicago!	
May 30 2008 	Fantastic!!	My husband and I were celebrating our wedding anniversay. This hotel could not have been nicer. We had a beautiful room, with a view of the city, Lake Michigan and the Navy Pier.On the day of arrival, when we returned to our room we were greeted by a bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries. What a nice treat!! Every day when we arrived back in our room, after a day out, we found a bucket of ice in case we needed it for a cold drink. There was housekeeping service to our room two times a day. We would recommend this hotel to anyone.If we had any negative comment, it would be that on the day before our departure we asked the concierge desk to get us our boarding pass. I asked them if I should come back down 24 hours before and they asssured me that they would take care of it without a problem. When I came to pick up our boarding passes, the young lady at the concierge counter had forgotten to do it. Now, if anyone travels on Southwest Air, you will know that that is not a good thing. In the end it turned out fine because it was not that late, however, if I had not returned when I did it would have been a disaster. It was quite disappointing for a hotel with service of that caliber.I still, however, would recommend this hotel in a heartbeat!!!	
May 9 2008 	our favorite hotel in chicago	I stayed at the hotel for a conference and then decided to stay with the family afterwards. The hotel sure does know how to take care of guests. We stayed in one of the executive suites they are located on the corners of the hotel so you have two windows in which to see the skyline and the lake.We were able to get a corporate rate of 359 a night The room is a perfect size for a family with a seperate bedroom. Every night the kids got there milk and cookies in bed and they loved it . I would not rent a car as the hotel parking was 45 dollars a night and there is plenty of transportation available . Be sure to eat at Mortons Steakhouse while in town we walked to it from the hotel it was nice to see Michigan Ave. as we walked . There is also plenty of shopping as the hotel is part of a shopping mall you do not even have to travel outside to enter the mall. All and all a wonderful stay.	
May 6 2008 	Way overpriced	We stayed four nights at a cost of $350 per night and this was discounted rate from $500 per night. Our opinion is that the rooms were only fair in quality and this was the opinion of several of our family who were in rooms of their own. We decided a reasonable room rate should have been around $150 per night given the condition of the rooms. However, the other parts of the hotel were top quality and we enjoyed visiting those areas for drinks and meals. The staff was very accommodating at every level of service.We, including our extended families, would not book with this hotel in the future due to the cost of the room versus the value received.	
May 3 2008	Wonderful and Beautiful	The Hotel Ritz Carlton was not ranked the no. 1 hotel in Chicago by Conde' Nast for nothing. Although one would expect the hotel to be large and imposing, it is quite the opposite. Once you take the elevator to the 12th floor lobby, the hotel becomes a wonderul oasis away from the hustle and bustle of a great city. The lobby is gorgeous and, best of all, has an absolutely fantastic lobby bar across from the Hancock Bldg which towers over the city. The sofas are sublime and the cocktails perfect. The service is, of course, excellent. Well worth it. I'm a fan.	
Apr 15 2008 	Family Package Well Worth the Money	This hotel has a great family package which I highly recommend. We are by no means the &quot;typical&quot; client that would stay at the Ritz, but last year after reading a review in one of the local papers, I thought we'd give it a try. And this year was our return trip. When you check in, they bring out a wagon full of toys for the kids to pick something! We went up to our room and was excited to see that they'd set it up as I'd asked, for my daughter and husband's birthdays. The balloons and cake and everything were just perfect! (The cake was the most amazing thing ever)Later that day, and the primary reason we do this, my son got to go to the kitchen and bake cookies with the pastry chef. He loves doing this, as he wants to be a chef when he grows up! The kids get to decorate chef hats and roll out and cut cookies in the kitchen. Later that night we took advantage of the free Kids PPV movie and the Kids Room Service (Kids Room Service is free the entire stay). And also later that night, the cookies that my son &quot;cut&quot; were in our room with decorating accessories. And we also got Hot Chocolate, Whipped Cream and Marshmellows.The one thing that happened this time around, was that we did not receive the teddy bears and fleece blankets as we were supposed to upon checking in. When I filled out my survey, I indicated this and literally a week later I received an email from the manager stating they would ship them to us. And they did, along with 2 extra back packs for the kids.This is something that we will do every single year from now on. We save a little bit every week specifically for this trip. So if you are looking for a relaxing, fun, and somewhat of a &quot;spoiling&quot; of your entire family for a night - I highly recommend the family slumber party package. You will not regret it.	
Apr 13 2008 	Great hotel in a great location!	The Ritz Carlton Chicago is a beautiful hotel in the perfect location on the Magnificent Mile! Our room was large and comfortable. The bed was a little hard for my taste, but I am used to sleeping on a pretty soft pillow top, so it was probably just me! The staff were amazing, so accomodating. We traveled with our 3 1/2 year old daughter, and did the family plan which really made it fun for her. I really recommend this hotel for families. It has an indoor pool which is great if the weather outside is nasty (like it was for our trip).	
Mar 30 2008 	So ELEGANT	So elegant and beautiful. The moment I stepped into the lobby my breath was taken away by the sight of the stunning view fountains and lighting fixtures.Everything down from the room with down bedding and cake to celebrate my birthday was perfect.My only complaint about the property is the pool is not so great. It isn't the size, its just very outdated and unattractive, not fitting at all like the rest of the hotel. The spa is wonderful.While I never ate at the property besides a dessert at the lounge, the dining establishments all looked great and had the best view in town! As a long time Chicago native, I would say the hotel's location is quite ideal especially for high end shopping and theater.	
Mar 23 2008 	My husband had to pry me out of the Ritz bathrobe!!	Over the top...every aspect of this beautiful hotel was over the top.Every staff member was lovely, the place is impeccably clean and the hotel is beautifully decorated.It was a huge treat to stay somewhere so special. I just wish that we had more time to relax and enjoy it. We were in Chicago on business which left little time to use all the facilities. On our next visit, we will be sure to add another day to our stay so that we can enjoy the pool, steam room sauna and whirlpool. I will also book a massage and/or a facial.The Ritz couldn't have been nicer.	
Mar 21 2008 	Exactly what you would/should expect.	From check in to check out an outstanding experience. I have travelled the world on business and stayed at most of the top named hotels but the Four Seasons - despite its clinical reputation is one of the most pleasing of my experiences. Excellent staff, excellent food, well designed rooms with superb bathrooms. Everything about this hotel is high quality, highly recommended. There is a reason why Four Seasons is managing this Ritz-Carlton (in name only).	
Mar 7 2008 	Decadence at its finest	Stayed at the Ritz for one night while in Chicago on business. Hadn't even realized that Conde Nast rated it the best US hotel, although every room has an excerpt so they are good about reminding you. It was absolutely fantastic, especially at the &quot;Experience More - Hotel Credit &quot; rate you can get on their web site that gives you $150 off 1 night's stay, $325 off 2+ nights. I ended up paying an incredibly low $210, which you really can't beat. * Location - on Michigan Ave. and next to the Hancock tower and the Water Tower , you are within walking distance of everything worth walking to in Chicago. AN upscale mall is on floors 2-11, and the hotel is above it.* Service - Not sure if it is the Ritz signature service or the Four Seasons signature service, but everyone was great, bending over backwards to help you.* Room - it was incredibly cozy. I am typically not much of a Louis XIV style, but my room (the cheapest, most basic &quot;moderate&quot; room they have, was just incredibly cozy. I especially liked the plush carpet - it made me feel at home so I immediately took my shoes off and started walking around barefoot. Had a nice TV and CD player. Great views of Navy Pier and the city to the South. Marble bathroom with upscale bathroom products.* In room breakfast was very tasty, although it should not cost $46 (which is what overnight parking is as well, BTW)* Lobby is very nice, has a huge skylight and you can see the Hancock Tower through itOverall I loved the place and will be coming back for sure. They also have a bunch of very cool-looking package deals on their web site, lot of them tailored towards kids (I almost brought mine along for a 1 day trip, but in the end sanity prevail).	
Mar 6 2008 	A ritzy experience	Splurged on a stay at the Ritz when attending a performance at the Lookingglass Theater. It is literally a stones throw away. January through March is a time of low occupancy and all hotels discount heavily. The Ritz gave us a $150 credit per night making this a deal I couldn't pass up. Absolutely flawless service from the valet to check in to check out. Great restaurant for breakfast. The lounge for drinks is one of the best in the city. Come here for a cocktail after shopping at water tower place. They placed us on the 28th floor with the best view to the north down the lakefront, several stories higher than the Hilton Suites. The cleanliness of the room was spectacular and we especially liked the abundant countertop in the bathroom.	
Feb 27 2008 	Regal Elegance	My husband and I just returned from a long weekend at the Ritz and it was truly incredible. If you have the option of using AMEX Platinum travel services to book this hotel, it is absolutely worth every penny. There were many perks, ie, when we arrived we were able to check in around noon, daily breakfast, 4pm check out and we were upgraded to a premium suite on the 30th floor which was the most beautiful room we've ever stayed in. The lobby is quite posh; I don't think there's anything dated about the hotel at all, it's just truly a classic, regal elegance that no one is accustomed to anymore. The service was impeccable, the breakfasts delicious, the bedroom and bathrooms were truly luxurious. We can't think of a single negative trait of this hotel. It was my first trip to Chicago and after traveling all over, this hotel helped cement it as one of my favorite cities.	
Feb 26 2008 	Deserving of the Praise!	My wife and I are locals who stayed at the Ritz Carlton to have a fun weekend in the city to celebrate her birthday. Chicago is such a great city to be a tourist in, we decided that it would be neat to see and do some of the things we never get around to doing in our regular life. That being the case, there are a lot of hotels to choose from. We looked at the James as it appears to be hip and fun. We looked at the Peninsula and the Four Seasons as they are in the same price range as the Ritz. We then thought, “what would be more special than the nation’s top ranked hotel?” We couldn’t have made a better choice. Period. The hotel is so traditional, and yet so elegant. The rooms were furnished in a classic fashion, but the bathrooms were modern and luxurious. And the service was the best I have ever seen. Melissa at the concierge table was the most helpful concierge ever. I honestly believe she wanted us to have the perfect dinner at the perfect restaurant. It was more than a job for her. And when we got back after a great night out, there was a full size cake decorated for my wife waiting in our room. Above and beyond. I would heartily recommend this hotel. We just had the perfect time.	
Jan 29 2008	A Classic Beauty That Will Never Go Out of Style	When I read some other reviews about the property being dated I was worried. That is until I entered the property myself. The RC Chicago is exquisite in every way. Classic style throughout and a staff that can not be beat. The food fantastic as well as the workout facility. I felt like a lady in the beautiful surroundings, the brunch is not to be missed. I almost forgot to mention the fabulous location.	
Jan 27 2008 	Fabulous	One of the most comfortable hotels I have ever stayed in. It comes at a price, but the Ritz-Carlton in Chicago does not disappoint! Excellent location, service, food...all that you would expect from a Four Season's hotel.	
Jan 19 2008 	The Ritz in Chicago is the Best!	We have stayed in the Ritz in Chicago many of times and have never been disappointed. Our kids are really treated well from the time they get there. At check-in they are allowed to pick out a toy out of the wagon they wheel around. When they arrive in the room, there is a goodie basket for them with colors and a cookie.There is a tour they can take of the kitchen and bake cookies with the Chef ( although we haven' t had a chance to do this ).The beds are incredible and get turned down every night.The employees are fantastic also.There is also a great little park right across the street for the kids.This is our all time favorite place to stay.	
Jan 16 2008 	Ritz Carlton is Class A	We just returned from our second stay at The Ritz Carlton. I just felt compelled to write a review, as this is a wonderful hotel. From the moment you step out of your vehicle, you are treated to a world class visit. The valet, bell service, conceirge, etc. are just wonderful. Our room was very clean, and well stocked with everything you could need for a comfortable stay. We left for a few hours of shopping, only to come back to a restocked bar. When we were gone in the evening for dinner, we came back to a straighted up room, clean towels, turned down bed, and jazz music playing. I'm telling you, it was such a treat.We will most definitely be back to our favorite hotel in Chicago!	
Dec 31 2007 	Quiet and Elegant	My wife and I visited during Christmas week and had a wonderful stay. The restaurant and bar were excellent, as was the service...housekeeping was very attentive.Perhaps because of the holiday the hotel was fairly empty. The location is ideal, only steps away from Michigan Ave. and the Museum of Contemporary Art (which has an amazing gift shop).When we visit Chicago we'll be staying at the Ritz-Carlton.	
Dec 31 2007 	5 Star Treatment	This was a stellar experience from start to finish. The staff, as one would expect from a Four Seasons property, is quite welcoming and very professional. The rooms were impeccable although a tad dated in terms of decor. The restaurants were excellent although be prepared to pay for it. Breakfast for (3) including coffee, juice, and bagel or yogurt was $75. Dogs are welcome here and there is no additional charge so bring your pooch so they can experience something other than a Holiday Inn. One note to the property - you need to have a kiosk in the lobby which provides coffee past 8 AM in the morning. Who wants to get up early on the weekend for their caffeine fix? If it's after 8 AM then you are SOL.	
Dec 26 2007 	The #1 hotel!	This hotel always shows why it is #1. My family and I stayed here over Christmas and enjoyed each moment. There was a wonderful brunch on Christmas day. The room was clean with a great view of the lake. The elevator in the hotel even stops in the Water Tower mall so you never have to go outside. The spa is the greatest I have ever used.	
Dec 19 2007 	the best-- and always more enjoyable	this was our 4th trip to the ritz in chicago for the year 2007... each time it is better than the time before.the service here is unsurpassed..the rooms are so very welcoming and extremely clean (i am very hard to please in that department.)stay here with confidence of a relaxing and lovely experience.	
Dec 14 2007	Gets better with each visit	I enjoyed my third stay at this hotel earlier this month for 4 nights. Each stay has been more memorable that the past--this hotel is a major reason I've become fond of visiting Chicago (along with New York) for a &quot;big city getaway&quot;.The hotel's strongest attribute is its service. It's managed by Four Seasons, and FS standards and Midwestern friendliness combine to great effect here. On my last visit, I could only find fault with the very busy street-level staff (doorman, valet), but this time there was improved service there, and the upstairs staff was superb as usual (front desk, housekeeping, spa, dining, and especially the concierges). Being addressed by one's name is always a good feeling. Even a health club member who lives nearby (the spa welcomes members as well as hotel guests) engaged me in friendly banter while nude in the locker room.The hotel's location is also unsurpassed. It's on the Miracle Mile, above (and has indoor access to) one of the nicer vertical malls (Water Tower Place), and 3 blocks from the lake and its bike/jogging path (virtually deserted during winter). I am also fond of the Museum of Contemporary Art, one block away. For architecture buffs, the landmark Ludwig Mies van der Rohe apartment buildings at 860-880 Lake Shore Drive are 2 blocks away.I was pleased by how quiet my room was. Although the hotel was sold out (&quot;fully committed&quot; in FS lingo), while in my room I only heard the occasional door, but no voices or sounds from neighbours adjacent or above me. The wind causes some noise but is unavoidable.Other reviews have said the hotel is outdated, but I think it prides itself in its old world, classic and elegant ambiance, and may even be eschewing modern technology to a certain extent--ie. TV's are not flat screen, no DVD players, room safe has a key instead of an electronic lock.The CTA subway continues to be a budget ($2) tranportation option from O'Hare. It takes 45 minutes to an hour and does involve multiple stairs and a tranfer, so it's not a good choice for the luggage-burdened.The Dining Room, the hotel's former fine dining venue, is now open for private functions only and was &quot;fully committed&quot; each evening--obviously a lucrative business for the hotel. The Greenhouse serves a great brunch on weekends (fancier and pricier on Sunday).The Ritz's main competitors would be the sister Four Seasons and the Peninsula. All 3 have upper-level lobbies. The Ritz and Peninsula's lobbies provide a great amount of natural light, while the Four Seasons is darker. All have fine spas with indoor pools. I have stayed once at the FS and frankly prefer the Ritz. I would like to try the Peninsula one day, but it would be very difficult to not consider the Ritz my first choice when returning to Chicago.	
Nov 18 2007 	Lovely time at the Ritz	We had a fantastic two nights at the Ritz, although checking in was confusing: we went to the Four Seasons instead and then realized that the Four Seasons OWNS the Ritz. We got an excellent rate for a friend's wedding. Check-in was fast and easy, the lobby spacious and tasteful, with gorgeous floral arrangements. The lobby bar has amazing city views. We met friends for drinks there a few times. Our room was spacious, had views of the city, a big bathroom, and a well-stocked mini bar.We were able to walk everywhere downtown, and took the train to and from the airport. No car needed. The staff gave us good recommendations for eating out and getting around town.Overall, a remarkably nice experience.	
Nov 17 2007 	Great Service and great location	Ladies and gentleman serving ladies and gentleman. The staff are absolutely great here, from bellhop, the front desk to catering staff.They actually care about customer service, it was a refreshing change to experience. I was at the Ritz for 3 nights - the room service was great both at breakfast and dinner. One morning the waiter spilt my apple juice and I have never experienced such a heartfelt apology - not a drop had got on me just on the table &amp; floor. I had last minute drinks for 20 people in the lobby bar and the staff were very attentive and quickly organised a space for us. Couldn't fault them.The location is great right on the Magnificent Mile above the water tower shoppping mall and within striking distance of all the usual shopping suspects from Ralph Lauren and J Crew to Louis Vuitton. And only a block and a half to the shore.Great value for money, if I need to go back to Chicago I'll happily stay at the Ritz Carlton.	
Oct 3 2007	Wonderful Place	Just back fronm a long w/end in Chicago.Stayed at the Ritz Carlton on Pearson St.very central to all amenities.Navy Pier great.Bubba Gumps a great place for Cajun Shrimp.The ferris wheel at the pier has great vieqws of the city.Joes rest. great Coobas has a wonderful atmosphere and Tavern on Rush the same.Have a great time.#this is my second time to Chicago and it's a wonderful city.	
Aug 24 2007	Impeccable service fabulous hotel	My stay at the Ritz-Carlton was relaxing, pampering and thoroughly enjoyable. Location is great, right off the Magnificent Mile. Their staff is absolutely top notch, from bellman to front desk to housekeeping. They actually care about customer service and what a treat that was to see...so rare that that happens anymore. I checked in early and got a smoking room, no big deal but it was on the 25th floor with a fantastic view of the city and Navy Pier. Definitely smelled like smoke though. The beds are fantastic - I slept like a baby (and I am pretty picky about hotel beds). The fitness center is state of the art - if you work out on trips you will love this gym. I didn't eat at the hotel but did also have the best cup of french-press coffee in the lounge. I would definitely stay again. I can't say enough about my wonderful experience, from beginning to end!!	
Aug 24 2007	Ritz by name only	While the general upkeep of the hotel was pretty good, the service was bad. Specifically, when we arrived, we noticed that there was a bottle of wine in the minibar that was already opened. We called the front desk and asked them to restock the bar and to make sure we didn't get charged for the bottle. To make this story short, we had to make this same request THREE times over a three day stay before they ever restocked the bar (and they still left the old wine bottle). Additionally, we had to make two requests to fix the bathtub drain. The first request was completely ignored.For the money they charge to stay here, there are certainly better options in Chicago.	
Aug 15 2007 	Not the Ritz You have come to expect	If you are a regular Ritz Carlton customer you will be disapointed in this property. From the entrance level with the dirty stained carpet to the hard upsell at check in (not complimentaqry upgrade) you realize something is amiss. View is great as well as Mag. Mile locaiton--but unless a view is worth $800 you should choose a different property. In the area I have taken a look at the Pennisulia, the Park Hyatt, and the remodeled Hiltion Suites (looks like great value, space, location, view, and family friendly)--MUCH better properties for the same or less money. Our room has outdated and worn &quot;hotel&quot; feeling furniture. The couch is stained, there was hair in the bathtub the sink does not drain. There is a serious lack of attention to detail---no fresh ice at turndown, dirty glasses left where they were, two things of cold popcorn left with one glass and a sprite for the three of us and then not removed the next day--I could go on, but they can do better, much better. Nothing like fresh like flowers in the room, chocolates at turn down---absoutly nothing special--the same service you would receive at a basic Marriott if not less.If it were not for the hassle of moving I would change hotels (only here 3 nights). Things are just not right with this property--dosen't have the RItz smell, personal service, and the small details in place that make for a five star suite experience. I am not a big four seasons fan--except for thier spas and Vegas location but someone from their hotel (they own the property) needs to walk across the street and see the tarnish this property is putting ont the Four Seasons name. To me this use to be the place to stay in Chicago--times have changed.	
Aug 3 2007 	Grand OLD Hotel Needs a Facelift	I was fortunate enough to spend several days in Chicago for work and pleasure. The Gold Coast area and Miracle Mile are wonderful places to vacation, as evidenced by throngs of tourists everywhere.I stayed at the Ritz but also visited the Four Seasons and the Peninsula. My review is based somewhat on comparisons of these three properties.The main issue with the Ritz is that the it is showing its age. We stayed in a deluxe room which rack rate is around $600 a night. And for this rate you do not really get very much. Small rooms, old furniture, tiny television and the view is dependent on the floor you are on. You can just have so much better at the price, especially abroad.In contrast, the rooms at the Peninsula are brand new as are the rooms at the FS. The lobby has a bright, open feel and the atrium is a great place for coffee or brunch. The spa area however is small and the pool is a tiny lap pool with really ugly jacuzzi. This was a disappointment as I love to swiim.In comparison, the spa at the peninsula is on the top floor. It is really lovely with a giant lap pool and a great bright feeling throughout the locker room and workout areas.On the other hand, service was impeccable and the food was very good. Brunch in the atrium was excellent.In the future, I would probably stay at the Peninsula. Pros:1. Great service. Concierge will do everything for you.2. Tasty Food. Do have brunch there.3. Comfy bed.Cons:1. Tired rooms and facilities2. Small spa, pool, and gym.3. Not a great value for your money.	
Jul 29 2007 	Magnificent	When you come to Chicago and you want to spoil yourself, your loved one and family, stay here. PERIOD. It simply rocks. Everything you could want from a hotel in the world is here. Elegant room (get the Four Seasons Suite), magnificent food, wonderful gym, pool, lobby. You name it, the Ritz Carlton has it.Just an impeccable choice! If you find something wrong with this hotel, I'd love to see your house!	
Jul 19 2007 	Luxurious and a Great Location	My husband surprised me with a trip to Chicago for our 5th Anniversary. Everything he requested was honored (higher floor, great view of city and lake and fireworks). He also requested rose petals to be sprinkled around the room and they not only accomodated his request but sent us a bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries to toast with... all complimentary!For the 4th of July we had a great view of the fireworks display over Lake Michigan from our room. You can also see the sparkling city buildings, Navy Pier and historic Water Tower from the room... gorgeous views!We had afternoon tea one day and drinks and appetizers the next in The Greenhouse. The tea was quite lovely and the water fountain in the lobby soothing. I also highly recommend afternoon tea at The Peninsula (across the street). The Peninsula also serves a Children's Tea, Ice Cream Social and Chocolate Buffet. We had breakfast only once at the cafe in the Ritz, also in the lobby, but it was not as good as The West Egg, huevos rancheros are excellent there!Room service was always prompt, concierge was very accomodating and assisted with local inquiries and reservations. A taxi ride from the hotel to just about anywhere is always less than $10 including tip. Michigan Ave / Magnificent Mile is steps from the hotel entrance and you also have a private entrance from the Ritz into the Macy's shopping center. All in all, a great hotel with excellent services and staff!The city itself is great to visit summer or winter. There are so many new parks and there are water fountains, plants and flowers every street you walk down. Spend atleast one afternoon just exploring the city and its hidden gems. We also dined at Quartino's... they were open late on a week night (2am) and had wonderful Italian pizzas with a thin, soft semolina crust; cured meat and cheese plates and authentic Limencello.	
Jul 6 2007 	Great stay	Stayed three nights over the July 4th holiday. Staff was wonderful and went out of their way to make you feel welcome. Hotel location was great for shopping and doing the tourist thing. Room was very clean and well kept. Fitness facilities were some of the best I have seen while traveling. Pool was a little small, but it is an upstairs location. Great holiday rates.	
Jun 24 2007 	Almost Excellent!	A very well located property. Rooms are a good size. Staff were all very polite, but seemed less genuine and warm than I have experienced at other Four Seasons properties.One needs to take an elevator to the lobby - and then another to the floors where rooms are located.Not a big deal at all if you are there a day or two, but it does get tiring. The fitness facilities and the pool are great - and this is the area where I found the staff very genuine and helpful. Decor is OK, if a little dated. Attended a dinner (a big one with about 300 guests) and the food was only average even by the standards of a group that size, but the service was good. Might stay again, but would be more likely to take a look at another high quality hotel nearby in this great city.	
Jun 18 2007	Old tired hotel	How difficult is it to outfit a 5 star hotel with a decent TV...the Sheraton has nice flat screen TV's...but not the Ritz?This hotel is old and showing its age...the furniture needs to be replaced, and the rooms need to be updated. Rumor is its for sale, so that may be the reason. I would stay at the Peninsula, which is the nicest hotel in Chicago at this time	
Jun 16 2007	Kitsch-Carlton Hotel	My profession allows me to travel worlwide and stay in many luxury hotels.This hotel has an entrance at the street level with a desk for an attendant who provides directions from the lobby to the 12th floor where reception is located.The street level lobby is lackluster, the elevators are old and slow and the reception floor is the strangest kitsch decor one could imagine.The reception floor was drab and the skylight windows were grimy.My hotel room was small and continued the kitschy theme of Italianate wallpaper and American colonial furniture. The interior designer of this hotel must be psychotic.I have stayed at many Ritz Carlton's and this one was a letdown for style and age. The hotel needs a remodel and/or Ritz Carlton needs to move to a new location.On a positive note, the location is fantastic as it is on a quiet street but only a 2 minute walk to either Michigan Avenue or to the lakefront and a running path. Don't count on getting a late bite to eat at the in-tower shopping center as everything shuts down early.A nice feature for conference attendees was the wide hallways and many conversation sofas.	
May 11 2007 	Lovely hotel great location	My husband and I stayed at the Ritz for a long weekend, May 5-7. Our room was very nice, and we were pleasantly surprised that we had a partial water view. The bathroom was great, the room was lovely, and the sofa was unusually comfortable. We arrived around 10:30am and were very pleased that they had a room ready for us.The location can't be beat - very close to Michigan Avenue, but with far less traffic. Agree with other reviewers that the food is overpriced, but I feel that way about every hotel! The food was delicious, so I have no complaints. We did Afternoon Tea one afternoon, and it was fantastic! We ate at Roy's (walking distance to the hotel) one night, which was great. We went to the Joffrey and to Second City, both of which I highly recommend.	
Apr 27 2007 	Love the Ritz	I've stayed at this hotel twice. I would highly recommend it. It is old and a little out dated but still is wonderful. The bed and linens are amazing, they make you just want to stay at bed all day long. The location is great, you can take an elevator down to the shopping centre and you can walk to Michingan Avenue and all the stores around.The food is a little overpriced but there are several options around and if you talk to the Concierge you might save yourself some time in line.	
Apr 23 2007 	Overrated	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights on a weekend getaway. For it to be a 5* hotel, managed by the Four Seasons, we expected more. Everything about the hotel was just &quot;average&quot;, except for the location. The rooms need an update and we did NOT experience services any better than a good 4* hotel. The location was just perfect. For a young couple, we did not feel this hotel met our needs. I would have rather stayed at the Park Hyatt across the street.	
Apr 15 2007 	Great Hotel - Great Location	This hotel is in an excellent location in Chicago. One can walk just about everywhere on the Gold Coast and Near North Side. The hotel itself is very nice. Our room had an awesome view, was spacious, and the bed was super comfy.	
Apr 10 2007 	Disappointed with the service	I admit I had high expectations but when spending $500 a night, I believe that is justified. We stayed in a suite - it was nice and no complaints with the room. I was disappointed with the service. Here are some examples why:We had wine in our room before leaving for dinner and it took approx 45 minutes for glasses to be sent up. I'd expect that if a wait will be that long, that we'd be told when we call and make the request. The glasses arrived just before we left for dinner.When checking in, we had asked (and were told) that the sofa bed would be made during the evening turn down service. When we returned much later that evening, it had not been done. I understand that mistakes happen but expect that they get highest priority to be corrected. We called housekeeping; waited a 1/2 hour; then called the front desk and then waited another 20 minutes before someone came to put sheets on the bed. I do not expect to have to call twice or wait that long. Especially when it meant losing an hour of sleep.Lastly, when we talked to the manager to express our concerns, she listened, didn't offer any explanation or apology or how they might improve in the future, just asked &quot;Well, how was everything else?&quot; There are many other comparable hotels in downtown Chicago and I will not return to this one.	
Apr 6 2007 	Service that always delights	The Four Seasons service is just unbeatable. We stayed in an Anniversary Suite at the Ritz Carlton Chicago for 3 nights to celebrate our wedding anniversary. When I booked the room I told them we were staying for a special occasion, but didn't really have any expectation that there would be any follow up. Was I wrong, from the second we arrived the service was incredible. Check in started out a little slow as we had to spell out our name to the guy at the desk (not a big deal as far as I was concerned) but immediately the manager stept in, apologised and told us that our room was ready and that we were expected. There were complimentary champagne and strawberries in our room. Every single staff member we came across congratulated us on our anniversary. Those are the details that always stay with me when I remember a hotel.	
Apr 2 2007 	A Disappointment	There is a lot of competition out there for your hotel dollar. I did the research and considered every option, but in the end was lured in by the brand name. A Ritz run by the Four Seasons? I threw all my research out the window and thought I couldn't go wrong, but I did. For the same money, there are nicer hotels in the area. And for less money, there are equivalent hotels in the area. I would not stay here again.The Four Seasons likes to cultivate the idea that they are dedicated to service and attention to detail. So perhaps my expectations were too high going in, and I freely admit that this review is a bit nitpicky, but here it is for what it's worth.Making the reservation: I booked my rooms through the hotel's 800 number. I needed to book two rooms (my spouse and I in one room, and my brother and sister-in-law in the next) and would be paying for both of them. That concept was elusive for the reservation agent. After probing questions about the relationship among all the guests (ostensibly to provide greater personalized service, service which never materialized), the two rooms were booked. When the email confirmations arrived a few hours later, somehow I was not included on the reservation. This was followed by a phone call asking me to fax in a credit card authorization so they could charge the rooms to my card in my absence. After all that time with the reservation agent, patiently explaining who would be in each room and telling her that we were coming to Chicago for my birthday (she asked if we were celebrating anything special), she apparently decided I was sending my family on a trip for my birthday without me. Another 10 minute phone call and the reservation was fixed for the most part, but the concept never really sank in. Checking in I had to explain the situation again so I could get both room keys. Checking out I had to explain the situation again so I could pay for both rooms. After explaining to the reservation agent that I would be in town for my birthday, I expected to get a birthday greeting upon checking in as one of the little touches showing there was a system in place to try to personalize each guest's stay. I got no such greeting--even the woman checking my boarding pass and photo ID at the airport had wished me a happy birthday.The room: We stayed in an executive suite. Fantastic view of the lake and the city (marred by windows badly in need of washing--again, attention to detail). The room looks like the furnishings are about 20 years old, but in good shape. The televisions are the 27&quot; models you'll find at the Motel 6. I was hoping for a cool flatscreen (like what most Starwood hotels in the area offer), but no such luck. The bathroom was dated, and the sealant on the vanity was starting to peel. There was no soaking tub and no separate shower. There is nothing about the room that distinguishes the hotel. It was nice, but I had hoped for something more.Concierge: A few days before arriving, the hotel called to ask what time I'd be arriving (I had already mentioned this fact in the extensive reservation interview, but that fact, like many others, was not retained). They also asked if they could book any services. I told them I needed a haircut. They transferred me to the concierge for assistance. The concierge did not answer, so the reservation agent took down my number and told me the concierge would call me back. That did not happen. After arriving at the hotel, the next morning I went down to get a paper (I had not been asked if I would like a paper delivered to my room) and ask for breakfast recommendations. I asked for the best bagel place in walking distance. She told me she could only give me the options and I would have to choose. Odd, but okay. Later, I went to ask about museums and things to do. She told me about a new freedom museum, and, after much searching for information about this new museum, gave me a flier for the art museum--I stopped asking for help at that point.Location: Excellent, but the same can be said for the other 20 hotels within throwing distance.	
Mar 5 2007 	A Disappointing Stay	It was my sister's first weekend away from her kids in seven years and I wanted this to be an extra special getaway. I booked a room with two beds, not expecting to find twin beds on arrival... However, that was not the only reason we didn't sleep well - the walls creaked very loudly all night long! According to the staff at the front desk, that is to be expected when staying in the Windy City. (I have never experienced this when staying at other high rise hotels in Chicago.) The creaking stopped after we moved to a lower floor. Another perk to moving was that the second room was less austerely decorated.Service overall was good, but for a hotel of this caliber, our experience was somewhat lacking.	
Jan 29 2007 	Great Location Elegant Attentive Staff!	The staff and the hotel were both wonderful. The Ritz was true to their reputation at this property. Even with all of their business travelers, they were very kid-friendly. They welcomed my 8 year old daughter with a gift from their toy wagon (the toys were a bit childish for her but it was fun nevertheless) at check in. They also had a plate of homemade cookies, drink, and kids menu on a tray and a child's bathrobe in the room waiting for her. They really made her feel special and happy, which ultimately made me happy. It was snowing outside and we had a beautiful view of Michigan Avenue from our room...it was a breathtaking with the snow on the tree tops, the lights on the street and the horse drawn carriages across the street! The staff was professional, personal and attentive. The Watertower Mall is connected off of the second floor, so we didn't have to go outside to go shopping or to the food court or restaurants at the Watertower. Just outside the back door was the Hancock Tower with its beautiful views and the Cheesecake Factory downstairs in that building. One of the highlights of the trip for my daughter was making cookies with her friend in the Executive Kitchen with the chef. They brought the cookies up to the room after they had baked with decorative icing for the girls to decorate their cookies. The design of the room is traditional and a little ornate for my taste, but the bathrooms are beautifully spa-like. The bed is comfortable and clean and the room is quiet (you can't hear doors close or anyone in the hall) and the room gets dark and stays very dark in the morning until you open the drapes - for a good night sleep.The concierge was excellent with all of their recommendations. The staff couldn't do enough for you to make you feel taken care of and making the stay special. The make you feel like a welcome and valued guest in their hotel. We will definitely be back.	
Jan 4 2007 	This hotel has personality!	We spent 6 great nights here in November.The location is second to none, Michigan Avenue on your doorstep and your own mall accessible through the third floor. Our corner suite on the 29th floor had great views and the lobby (12th floor )was a very pleasant place to hang out for breakfast, afternoon tea or cocktails.What sets the Ritz Carlton apart from its peers is however its staff.Being there for almost a week we met a great variety of personnel, from the doormen to room service, from management to concierge.On every occasion we were struck by their natural charm and hospitality.It's a cliche to say it, but these people really made us feel at home.Its not an inexpensive hotel but its money well spent!Christine Metzger, Dublin, Ireland	
Nov 29 2006 	Perfect Honeymoon Stay!	My wife and I got married at the John Hancock in a very small ceremony with just immediate family. We went to the Ritz after and it was absolutely perfect. My wife actually checked in before the wedding and the staff was very, very nice. They made pleasant conversation and asked what she was staying for. She said our wedding. Fifteen minutes after being up in the room and beginning to get ready, the staff knocked on the door and said they upgraded us to the honeymoon suite. My wife didn't ask for this and didn't say anything about an upgrade. The room was unbelievable. Huge. Great city and water views. It was the perfect night and the perfect hotel.	
Oct 31 2006 	Can't Go Wrong	I have stayed at this hotel many times. I love the location. The Ritz is placed above The Water Tower Place (an 8 story mall). You can take the elevators down directly to the mall. It's fantastic. It's positioning on Michigan Avenue is spectacular also. We had a Deluxe Lakeside Suite and while it was great, the furniture was a little old and needed replacing. The main bedroom and living area had great views, but the second bedroom overlooked roofs. The breakfast buffet in The Dining Room is incredible but it's $60 per person! But hey, you're at the Ritz and the waffles melt in your mouth. All in all you can't go wrong with this hotel!	
Aug 8 2006 	Nice but not for this price range	Unlike most Ritz-Carltons, this one is managed by Four Seasons. Service is generally quite good, but the interiors are quite dated, even the public areas. We were part of a group, and had to stand in line 10 minutes to check-in in the ballroom, only to be told that they needed to make more room keys and we needed to come back in another 15 minutes, during which time we could stand around. Otherwise, the staff was excellent. Our room was supposedly non-smoking, but had apparently been used as a smoking room earlier, and reeked fo stale smoke. There was no coffee-maker, but we discovered that room service will bring you one if you ask for it. This is not a good hotel for people who have difficulty navigating steps, as they're everywhere. Nice place, but in this price range, you're better at the Park Hyatt or the Four Seasons, both nearby.	
Jul 10 2006	Always love to return to the Ritz	I have to say...I love staying here. Over the years they have been consistent with the top notch service. The beds are fantastic and the room darkening curtains are a wonderful way to sleep in!Location couldn't be better and if you haven't eaten at the restaurant, you are really missing out. Sure, it's not budget prices but you get what you pay for and this place is worth paying for 100%. We'll return year after year!	
May 30 2006	Expected more....needs renovating	My problem with the Peninsula and the Ritz Carleton is that I keep comparing the hotels to grandness of the Four Seasons Chicago. If the Four Seasoins didn't exist I would say they were just fine hotels.Yes-the FS is showing it's age here and there but it's aging like a fine wine. The people that built the Four Seasons built a hotel that they would be proud of. It's everywhere. Even in the bathroom doors with 8 panel wood heavy doors. The Peninsula has extreme almost psychic customer service but the hotels are just not the quality of the Four Seasons. The Ritz needs renovating. We stayed in one of the large suites. King bed corner location. Paid under $800.00 a night. We love wine and the hotel did not feel like I would get the table service to compliment a great bottle. Amazing to me too. The hotel is loaded with wall paper and feels like the 1980's. The sound system in the suites is outdated. Forget Plasma. Forget great sound system. Not here. Standard tub. No sound in the bathroom. I even missed the greeting that you get from the FS guys outside when you pull your car up. They will stop all traffic in thier cute little suits to get you in. I have tried to get into the Ritz for years now and always heard that it is the best but I feel let down by the other trip advisor people. This was our twenty fifth anniversary and we should have stayed at the FS. Sorry for bursting your bubble-but if we don't get the word out they will not improve this hotel.Some positives: Great room service-A+ all the way. The beds are cuddly...Side note: The Four Seasons treated my hyper active kids like they owned the joint at Chistmas of 2000. They were spoiled in millions of ways.	
Apr 27 2006	Wonderful service even for the kids!	We stayed at this Ritz about 6 years ago when our eldest child was only a year old, and we loved it then. But now that we have three girls, ages 7 years, 4 years and 5 months, we love it even more! And it's because they actually pay attention to the needs of the children and the family.The hotel provides you with a real crib that has actual, nice bedding (not just a pack and play); DVD players are free of charge to your room on request; milk and juice boxes were waiting iin the room for the kids on check-in, as well as a basket of diapers, wipes, baby shampoo and soap. At check-in, the kids were allowed to pick out a toy from a red wagon of goodies (my girls chose crayons and coloring books).The Ritz Kids program also allowed them to sign up for a cookie-making session in the kitchen with the executive chef. Afterwards, the kitchen staff bakes them and delivers them to your room. If you have some downtime, there is a library of DVDs and books that you can borrow from the hotel.If your girls are into the American Girl dolls, the store is just a little over a block away (very short walk). Our girls of course brought their dolls with them to the restaurant for meals, and to our surprise (though we really shouldn't have been surprised, considering the outstanding service), they brought out little high chairs designed for the dolls. The staff is very friendly, attentive, and the hotel is well-appointed and clean. Plus having the Water Tower mall connected to the hotel makes it easy to stroll around with the baby if you want to kill time and the weather outside is yucky.Would definitely stay here again and recommend it to anybody!	
Feb 14 2006	Seems to be an amazing hotel!	Let me first say something- I did not stay at this hotel. I did come here everyday for breakfast in the morning, and drinks and desserts at night. I hung out in the lobby a lot and checked out the pool and spa as well. Even though I paid $300 for a junior suite at The Westin next door (which was very nice) I wish I had stayed at the Ritz-Carlton Chicago for $439 a night(thats what the front desk attendent told me). I traveled to Chicago back in June to watch the Red Sox play the Cubs, and this is where the Red Sox were staying- and it is up and away from the craziness (good for them). Anyway, The Ritz-Carlton had an amazing lobby with comfortable furniture, marble floors, attractice chandeliers etc. It was so clean too(including the main bathrooms in the hotel). The breakfast restaurant was incredible- the best service and food! And I also dined at The Greenhouse Lounge off the lobby and in the Trianon Cigar and dessert lounge. Both were great with unbelieveable service and the after dinner drinks and desserts I have to say were delicious! For any price under $500 or so this is an outstanding hotel. I also visited the Four Seasons next door which seemedc to be a little nicer and more expensive than he ritz-Carlton (also a bit more snotty). If you are looking for a descent comfortable hotel with a nice lobby and location, the Westin Michigan Ave. is the place to be, if you want a high-end upscale luxury hotel up and away from the craziness pick the Ritz-Carlton, if you want an amazing rediculoous expensive hotel (like $600-700 a night and you are a snob)then stay at The Four Seasons.	
Jan 17 2006	Wonderful respite	Having just stayed at the Park Hyatt in Los Angeles, I knew when arriving at the Ritz that I was truly in a five-star hotel, not one with 5-star pretentions like the Park Hyatt. The lobby is spectacular and the rooms were large and luxurious.	
Nov 12 2005	Great Hotel! Maximum luxory!	This is the greatest hotel I have stayed at!Its very very luxorious and the staff was very kind.The lobby is just great located at the 12 floor and my suite was great and elegant!I absolutely recommend this hotel because the amenities and the great location.	
Nov 8 2005 	Shocked	We had a reservation for a room with a king bed. When we showed up, they said they didn't have any left and the only thing they could give us was a room with two SINGLE beds. I'm shocked that a hotel supposedly of a high calibre would do this. Our protests fell on deaf ears; they couldn't have cared less. Front desk staff was unconcerned about our happiness. I will not be staying here again.	
Oct 2 2005	impeccable hotel	After a 2 night disaster at the Chicago Meridien, I moved a few blocks north to the Ritz-Carlton for another 2 nights. I have been staying there for over 20 years.On this visit it was impeccable from every prespective...front desk, concierge, housekeeping, maintenance, etc.Care must be taken in selecting Ritz-Carlton Hotels, as they may be managed by a variety of hospitality companies, many in the US by Marriott,( mediocre). The Chicago property is managed by Four Seasons, probably the finest hotel management company in the world, and it shows.One cannot go wrong in staying here...ideal location on N. Michigan at the Mag Mile.	
Sep 29 2005	Wonderful Hotel	Stayed at the Ritz Carlton in Chicago for 3 nights earlier this week - loved it - very comfortable, quiet room - excellent service - the staff was wonderful!!!! Can't wait to go back	
Jul 27 2005 	It doesn't get better	It doesn't get any better than the Ritz. Fantastic location - attached to the Water Tower shopping and convenient to Rush Street restaurants. Clean, clean, clean room. We had a view of the lake. Comfortable bed and great sheets.	
Jun 22 2005 	Top Notch	This hotel is TOP NOTCH! Not only was the service incredible,I was treated like royalty. All the staff were extremely friendly and so helpful. The bed was so comfortable like melting into heaven. The bathroom was fabulous with marble floors, 2 sinks and wonderful comfy robes. The room service was superb as well. I ordered a ceasar salad and French onion soup. The salad was prepared bedside rather than table side in the room. It was a neat experience. The lobby area, which is located on the 12th floor has beautiful views and has an elegant feel to it. All in all the Ritz lived up to its standards for sure.	
Jun 15 2005 	I'm spoiled now	Everything about The Ritz was superior. The staff and their service are truly top rate. I loved every aspect of my stay; we were totally pampered. ALL the staff knew us by name and greeted us every time they walked by. We never even had to push an elevator button because someone would run in and push it for us.No other hotel will ever match up to this experience. Thanks to all at The Ritz for spoiling us rotten. We will most definitely stay here again.	
May 30 2005 	Memorable Memorial Day	I had a medical conference in Chicago and decided to splurge and stay at the Ritz for several reasons...1. We wanted the service of a luxury hotel and was not disappointed at all at this Ritz Carlton property (but managed by the Four Seasons, thus how can you go wrong!) Everyone treated us like royalty. Even my two young kids, aged 6 &amp; 8, were catered to as if they were a prince and princess. 2. The location right at the Water Tower Place on the Magnificent Mile is a shopper's haven. My wife spent three days shopping all along Michigan Ave and complained that it was not enough for her. The American Girl Place is a must if you have a little girl.3. Our gorgeous suite on the 28th floor overlooked the Magnificent Mile. The bedding was absolutely heavenly, and even the kid's sofa bed was adorned with the same bedding that we had on our king sized bed. If you are looking to save money, do not look here. If you want the best location and unparalled service, the Ritz is the place. This is the only hotel we will be staying at when visiting Chicago.	
May 19 2005 	Luxury and service	I don't know what to praise first: attractive lake-view room; pleasant staff; beautiful decor; free computer use in business center; fine Dining Room; well-run spa. I do agree that an in-room coffee maker would have been nice, though there is free coffee in the lobby if you get there by 8:30 am. The Ritz is connected to the Water Tower Place shopping mall, so you can shop without even going outside. All in all a positive experience! Highly recommended.	
Apr 3 2005 	look elsewhere for the $		
Apr 3 2005	No Resting on Laurels	The Ritz Carlton of Chicago is a superb hotel. It does not rest on its outstanding reputation. It earns it.Some five-star hotels rest on their laurels. Rich in tradition and their long-standing reputations of grandeur, their decor and their staff show signs of age and wear. The Ritz-Carlton of Chicago is no such place. Every inch of this hotel is beautiful, and its staff treat the hotel's clientele with superior elegance and class. This is a five-star hotel which deserves to be a five-star hotel. We stayed in a superior lakeside suite during the weekend of April 1, 2005. Prior to our arrival, I received a telephone call from the concierge, inquiring as to whether she could do anything for me in advance of my arrival. The valets, the bellmen, and the reception clerks all acted as though they had been waiting for just us. They jumped to attention and they well-served our needs. They were extremely courteous and helpful.The suite, boasting more than 1,000 square feet, was simply breath-taking. It was very large, and very clean. It appeared somewhat older, but by no means dated or stale. Rather, its age contributed to a classy, elegant and stately charm. We had one very large bathroom and one powder room. The dining area was outstanding, and teh living room and its furniture were superior. We had an afternoon meeting, and twice ordered room service of champagne and appetizers. The room service was very prompt, the food was much better than what we had asked for, and the room service staff set up our formal dining table very nicely for us. The bed was very comfortable, and fine linens complimented the large comfortable bed nicely. This hotel adjoins Water Tower Place, one of the finest malls in the City of Chicago. A short elevator ride from the lobby, and you exit directly into a wonderful mall.Check-out was uneventful and pleasant, and once again, it seemed as though the staff had been waiting just to serve us. Upon check-out, the clerk asked if there was anything that the hotel could do to make our stay even better. Our honest answer was &quot;absolutely nothing.&quot; It was perfect. The Ritz-Carlton is a very expensive hotel. Then again, diamonds and Rolls Royces are expensive too. We benefitted from a very good rate, and still paid $700.00 for the suite for one night. We felt that it was worth it, but we recognize that this hotel is not the most affordable option that Chicago has to offer. This hotel may be expensive but, unlike many &quot;five-star&quot; hotels, this hotel has the look and feel of a justifiably expensive hotel.	
Mar 27 2005 	Depends on your lifestyle		
Jan 22 2005	Incredible experience		
Dec 28 2004	The Best of the Best		
Aug 26 2004	Plush elegance in a great location		
Apr 30 2004	I didnt want to leave		
Jan 16 2004	Perfect setting for Romance...Will be back!		
Dec 23 2003	Great Location		
Dec 15 2003	the good the bad and the ugly(this hotel falls into the catogory of ugly)		
Jul 2 2003	An unexpectedly wonderful hotel for our kids		
Aug 31 2009 	Buon hotel ma da rinnovare		
Aug 5 2009 	Un hôtel fabuleux !		
Apr 27 2009 	il meglio		
