	Just OK	You can tell they are cutting back. I know times are hard but when you charge $300 you expect fast service. Room service took way too long and I was late for my meeting.	
Nov 25 2009 	Couldn't have asked for a better hotel experience!	My friends and I stayed at the Drake from 11/18-11/22. We came to see the Oprah show, and we also spent the weekend shopping. We had such a great experience. The hotel staff was super friendly, especially Tom Marshall at checkin. We were upgraded for free from a room with a king size bed to a room with 2 bathrooms and 2 oversized queen beds. The staff went out of their way to make sure we had a great visit. The hotel was clean and very nice, and quiet considering the Light's festival was that weekend. The location of the hotel was perfect...ideal for shopping and enjoying the Mag. Mile. I highly recommend the Drake.	
Nov 10 2009 	Great overnight stay !	Great overnight stay at The Drake on 11/7. I reserved the room at a great price via Priceline. I sent the manager an email requested a renovated room and he made it happen! I was pleased with the follow through, especially since we were paying a lower rate. Yes, the rooms are a bit dated but that is by design. If you are looking for sleek and modern, stay at W. Parking was a bit steep at $49 but that includes in &amp; out, which we utilized to pack up at the end of the stay utnil we were done shopping. Overall, great stay and I would recommend to anyone looking for a night away.	
Nov 4 2009 	Perfect Getaway	My wife &amp; I stayed at The Drake Hotel this past weekend for the first time and we were extremely satisfied with our experience. We were celebrating her birthday, and I had notified the hotel of this a month before our arrival. Upon check in we were graciously upgraded to a Junior Lake View suite, and the desk staff member wished my wife happy birthday. Which came as such a surprise to my wife because she had no idea I even contacted the hotel!The room was dignified &amp; charming, with the best view of Lake Michigan we had ever seen. The bed was meticulously made, and extremely soft and comfortable. They also positioned the bed perfect in the room so you could gaze out all the wrap around windows in the suite!! We spent the day relaxing and enjoying the room since it was rainy outside. To top off everything we got a knock from room service and the hotel management had sent us up a dessert plate, sparkling water, &amp; birthday cake! My wife was elated and it truly made us feel special.We will definitely stay at The Drake Hotel again and I would recommend this hotel highly based on our experience. Also, I am a Chicago native and you can't beat the location if looking to shop, eat, or hit nightlife. Everything is in close proximity!	
Oct 23 2009 	excellent	we spent 4 nights at the Drake and enjoyed a superb experience. The room was large andincluded a mini fridge. the bed was the most comfortable one I have ever slept in, simply luxurious.Check-in and check-out was quick, and the hotel staff were most courteous.I will definetly stay there again when I visit Chicago.	
Oct 21 2009 	Old and Tired	I've always wanted to stay at this hotel due to the reputation and location. We were celebrating our 20th anniversary and I booked the room online. We had reservations at a fancy Italian restaurant right across the street and I thought everything would be perfect. When we checked in I realized I should have splurged on a suite and asked if I could upgrade. The agent (as if reading from a script) said since I booked online she could not do that. I explained that it was our 20th anniversary and my wife was looking forward to a special weekend. She barely looked up and handed me a key to a room that had not been touched for at least 25 years! The bathroom had chipped tile and dull marble. I was shocked at the state of the place. We spent as little time as possible in the room and tried to make the best of it. For $300.00 I've stayed at nicer and more plush Hiltons or Marriotts. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone! The doorman was very nice however.	
Oct 20 2009 	Top Ratings Across the Board for this Very Top Hotel - THE BEST!	My friends and I were elated when we got tickets to the Oprah show, but our stay at The Drake was the icing on the cake. The location couldn't be better -- steps from Chicago's historic Water Tower, the John Hancock building, and all the fabulous shops and restaurants of the Magnificent Mile. The convenience factor was a saving grace for us as we were able to walk everywhere, minimizing cab fares, and could easily stop at the hotel to drop off shopping bags or relax between sites. Our two bathroom, double queen room was perfect for the four of us. We especially appreciated the extra bathroom when we had to get up early and all prep at once for Oprah. I would imagine that the same room configuration would be perfect for a family -- the room was so spacious that it even had a living room area and separate office nook!Every corner of the hotel exudes elegance, from the spectacular floral arrangement in the lobby to the recently renovated hallways and comfortable, upscale rooms. The staff was welcoming, helpful, and polite. The saltwater taffys on our pillows were a nice touch.If you want to make the most of your trip to Chicago, stay at The Drake. It truly offers the best of everything.	
Oct 19 2009 	Good if you like twin beds	The hotel is beautiful. We were impressed until we got to the room and found out that the two beds we had requested were TWIN beds. I did not know any hotels had twin beds anymore. We should of been told that on the phone . We had three people in our party so we went down to desk and talked to &quot;Lorenzo&quot; but he would not help us at all.	
Oct 18 2009 	Check out the room carefully	My wife and I stayed in The Drake earlier this month. For the first couple of nights we had a room which could interconnect with two neighbours. Sound proofing is minimal and a group of tennagers arrived in the room next door. They may as well have been in our room. Sleep was impossible and the hotel completely failed to shut them up. Having relocated to a second room the following day the stay improved.Gym and leisure services are basic.	
Oct 16 2009 	Marvelous Stay at The Drake	My girlfriends and I recently stayed at The Drake Hotel during a visit to run in the Chicago Marathon. I had booked the room using Priceline, and was thrilled when The Drake Hotel popped up as our hotel. However, after reading some of the reviews on tripadvisor, I became a bit worried that we might end up in a small room needing renovation. I emailed the manager, Tom Thomas, to request the best possible room during our stay. Within a few hours, I received an email back from the Executive Assistant welcoming us in advance and assuring me that we would enjoy our stay. I kept my fingers crossed.We arrived a bit early for our stay (11:30a) and inquired about check-in, but the current guest had not checked out yet. We left our bags and went out for a bit. I called back at 1:30p, and the clerk (who politely remembered me) said our room was now ready.Upon entering the hotel, you can truly feel the emphasis they put on luxury. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful, from the front desk clerks, to the concierge to the bell man. Everyone had a smile on their face and friendly things to say. The enormous flower display in the lobby fills the room with a lovely fragrance.When we checked in to our room, I could not have been more pleased! It was an enormous room, with two large beds and best of all two bathrooms. Perfect for three women! The beds were incredibly comfortable, with plenty of soft pillows and soft sheets. There was a large sitting area, nice TV, and even two large windows with a view. Everything was exceptionally clean and to a very high standard.If you are considering The Drake Hotel, I would suggest you book the hotel with confidence, and simply email the manager to ensure your room meets your expectations. We were thrilled with our stay and will definitely consider The Drake Hotel for future visits to downtown Chicago.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great Time	I stayed here for several nights. Granted we didn't spend too much time in the hotel, it was a great experience. I reccomend upgrading to the Executive Floors if you can.	
Oct 11 2009 	exceeded expectations	we live in Chicago, but wanted a weekend to just &quot;getaway&quot;, and ive always wanted to stay at The Drake, so he called and booked a weekend there a week before we went. We checked in around 6pm that friday (after work, of course!) to find that we were upgraded from our junior suite to an executive suite! The hotel is a historic hotel, a classic with old-skool furnishings. It truly is a beautiful site to see! (for those looking to stay at a *modern* hotel, this is NOT the place for you, unless you can appreciate what some have called &quot;grandma furnishings&quot; in other reviews...). The elevators have little couches in them (which gave me a good laugh) and i forced us to sit down on them every time we were in the elevator alone (no man in his right mind would do this publicly :) ). Each design in the hallway all the way down to the room was so detail oriented, you can tell the craftsmanship was of great quality. The hallways were nice and wide, no need to struggle getting down as you pass others on the way to the room. The room was FANTASTIC! It was a corner room with a lakeview. The parlor was huge with a couch, armoire (tv inside), large desk, and a table with 4 chairs. Then in the next room was the bedroom which had a king size bed that was SOFT and lovely, full with at least 6 pillows. Next room was the bathroom which had marble stairs leading up to a jacuzzi tub that could probably fit 4 people in it, a seperate standing shower and a double vanity. It was def a spacious, romantic room and we were pleased. Lots of towels available for use too, big towels, not the small ones that barely get around your body! The only thing I noticed was that the TVs were very outdated (had to at least be from early 90s), as well as the telephones... however, I can maybe see why as it keeps the &quot;old character&quot; of the hotel intact. I can appreciate that kind of stuff, esp when its creating the old-Chicago feel!Location wise, the Drake really is centrally located within the Mag Mile. Its one block north of the Hancock Tower and Water Tower Place, with ample shopping, a stone's throw from the beach, and a good walk to Navy Pier if you'd really like.We ate at the Drake Brothers Restaurant in the Drake every morning, as it was part of our package. Without the package, a breakfast buffet for 2 would cost $52, just to serve as an fyi. Some may say over priced, but why would you expect anything less from a 4-5 star hotel??? The food was delicious with a wide variety to choose from.Concierge service in the lobby was nice, very informative (to the people in front of us, at least) and was able to provide me with a bandaid when I asked for it - thanks Andrea!I loved this hotel and would suggest it to anyone coming in for a visit that wouldnt mind splurging on a nice hotel. :)	
Oct 10 2009 	good time at the drake	We just got back from our trip to chicago/stay at the drake. this was our first trip to chicago. we agree with most of the previous hotel reviews. a beautiful hotel with an incredible history. the lobby and upper restaurant/bar are amazing and elegant. the food and service was great. we had one of our best meals at the Coq d'or bar downstairs. we stopped for there for a drink almost everynight and they had live music every evening. that was wonderful. everyone that worked at the hotel was helpful and friendly. it is also a good location. right across the street from bloomingdales. macy's is 2 blocks down the street and the john hancock building is next door. we only encountered two problems our entire stay.1. we prepaid for our hotel room ($247 usd for an executive suite room-10th floor) and it wasn't ready when we arrived at 8 pm. they said it wasn't cleaned yet, and then a few minutes later they said they was a maintenance problem. so they put us on another floor in a smaller room (with a lake view). which I felt was a down grade from what we had initially paid for. the next morning we went to complain and they did immediately, without hesitation put us in the room we had previously requested/paid for. the executive room was very large with a couch/sitting area, king bed, desk and chair and 2 closets. we were very happy with the room. the private lounge was also very nice. it had a lake view...with a cold breakfast buffet included with the price.I guess the main point I want to make is that PREPAID / PRESELECTED ROOMS DOESN'T GUARANTEE you anything. I was under the impression that the room we had prepaid for would be held and ready for us upon check-in...not the next day.2. my other problem is that my hotel room card was deactived the morning we were leaving. I left our room around 9 am and I couldn't get back into our room at 10 am. check-out isn't until noon. luckly my husband was there to let me in. what if I was alone and stepped out for a second in my PJ's...how embarrassing that could of been!overall, we enjoyed our stay. the rooms were very clean and the bed was extremely comfortable. if you appreciate history and elegance this is a great hotel. a must see.p.s. we give it a 4* instead of 5* due to the room issues we had.	
Oct 9 2009 	Loved our stay at the Drake Hotel	My husband and I traveled to Chicago for our 15th anniversary and stayed at the Drake Hotel after doing some searching for a great hotel at a reasonable rate. We received exactly the deal we were hoping for and more! We took the train from Milwaukee and arrived way before check in time but they person at the desk said they gave us a free upgrade and were happy to keep our bags until the room was ready and even took our cell phone number so they could call. That worked out perfect as we were going to walk around the area anyway and were happy to have our bags taken care of. The location was within walking distance of restaurants, shopping and Oak Street Beach.....beautiful! And anything else was just a short cab ride away. We went to the beautiful Palm Court for drinks after dinner and there was a great dance band playing that night. We had breakfast at the Drake Brothers with amazing views of Michigan Avenue and the lake. Our room was huge and had 2 walls with windows. I'm sure it was one of the older rooms that hadn't been refurbished yet, but it was beautiful, none the less! This is a beautiful, historical hotel that should be on everyones &quot;got to stay&quot; list. I hope they continue to offer specials for rooms at reasonable rates or we may have ended up at some run of the mill hotel chain and missed this wonderful experience!	
Oct 9 2009 	Lots of incredible history but overrated!	This hotel has incredible history and beautiful architecture but once you've seen all the magnificant common rooms (lobby, ballroom, Palm Court, old style elevators) it isn't any different than any other overpriced, 4 star historical hotel. Our friends were getting married in the ballroom so we thought that we would take this opportunity to stay at The Drake since I'm pregnant and it would be an easy escape for me to my room in the wee hours. Check in was at 3:00 and we were there on time as the wedding trolley was leaving at 5:30 and we needed time to get ready. At check in we were offered a deluxe upgrade on our king room but the hitch was that it wouldn't be ready for over an hour. Talk about dangling the carrot and yanking it away! We couldn't wait an hour and considering check in wasn't until 3:00 I can't imagine why the room wasn't ready. We settled for our existing king reservation (at $250) and found the room to be fine but of course our view was of the air conditioning units and we were next door to the Fitness area. So much for wedding party group booking bonus! I can't imagine how much money our friends spent for their wedding at The Drake but I'm sure they would have been mortified to hear about the rooms that their guests were given especially since they were &quot;promised&quot; that everyone under the group booking would be nicely taken care of. Pro's - decor was decent, slightly dated but clean. room was decent size, noise between rooms/floors was negligible. Bathroom was ok in size but only suitable for one person at a time. Con's - heating system was horribly loud, had to turn it off at night to sleep, no exhaust fan in bathroom, wireless access was not free, bottled water was $7.00 for a small bottle, split of wine was over $25, breakfast was over $25 per person with another 20% markup for room service. There was coffee in the room but I wasn't sure if it was free and the room service menu said it was $15 so we popped over to Starbucks instead. Parking was ok at $39 a night if you use the public parking lot two doors down - you can even charge it to your room tab. We ended arriving a day early and didn't have a room booked. On Hotwire we found a 3 star hotel for $63 a night in the magnificant mile area. We weren't getting in until 11:00 p.m. so we weren't that picky. The hotel ended up being the Holiday Inn Express. Of course for $63 our room overlooked the air conditioning units here as well but we had a very comfortable king bed, huge plasma tv, wonderfully decorated room, free breakfast, free wireless and a great location. The room was super small - basically just enough room for the king bed and a really small bathroom but for the money it was so much more worth it than The Drake. The building was beautiful, location was great, personnel were very friendly, self parking was around the corner. Ok, there's no ballroom, no Palm Court and Queen Elizabeth didn't stay here but does that really matter??? Save your money, skip The Drake, walk through it if you want to check it out, but there are plenty of beautiful hotels in the magnificant mile area for alot less money!	
Oct 9 2009 	Horrible NO HEAT NO HOT WATER	The Drake greatly disappointed me:• Valet lost my car and made me late to work• The rooms don't have heat until the temperature is below 50 in your room• The hot water is intermittent; no hot water often during a shower• Management not interested in their problems• Trash in the hall ways• No wireless, only ethernet• TV system is very dated, doesn't work well	
Oct 9 2009 	Had a fabulous price - that made it a fantastic vacation	We had the most incredible price and the front desk seemed a bit put out by the low price that we were paying. However they were the only ones who didn't seem overly friendly. The wait staff in the restaurant, the staff at the lounge and the bellmen were wonderful. Our room didn't have a view of the lake, but it was a very nice room and it almost seemed like suite with the entry, sitting area and bedroom lay-out. We had family in the area who came to have dinner with us and when we took their teen daughters up to see the room, the 16 year-old said it was like walking through Titanic. And that does seem like an accurate description of the old-money feel in the decor. We were going to go on-line at the business center but the price seemed ridiculous and we're Hilton gold. I thought we have had free use as this is part of the Hilton chain.	
Oct 9 2009 	Don't miss the scary butler!	My kids got a complte hoot out of the scary butler who's outside the flower shop/gift store on the ground floor. (He's motion activated and will speak when you come in.)Be sure not to miss it!	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location in a historical gem.	The Drake hotel in Chicago, IL is a historical gem. We went in August and got a great deal! You can't beat the location, right on the shore of Lake Michigan! The hotel is steeped in tradition and is an old fashioned, elegant hotel. If you like tradition, then this is probably the hotel for you.If you get a room with 2 beds, they are kind of small. However, the room was clean and the view was great. It was a peaceful hotel and the staff was pretty friendly. The hotel is surrounded by great shops and we loved the cafe downstairs. They also have tea time, which is really nice.	
Oct 6 2009 	The Drake is like home	My wife &amp; I have visited the Drake twice in 2 years for a mini-vacation. Since we rarely travel, I was reluctant to go to another hotel because we know the Drake (familiar territory). I have described it as a &quot;middle&quot; hotel, not too expensive, but not the cheapest either. i am amused by the complaints for different hotels and the mini-bar prices, etc. This is Chicago, everything is expensive. The liquor is in fact cheaper or about the same in the min-bar as in a regular bar (not the Drake bar). The rooms could stand upgrading, especially the carpets and the furniture. I feel a good portion of their income is from conventioneers, lots of those going on. The hotel is beautiful in the lobby, and the tea room service is great. They have a nice Espresso shop now, and a neat art gallery, and other shops. There is access to the beach right across the street, if you are so inclined. The concierge has never steered us wrong yet, and we used them a lot. We went out on my bday and he said just stroll over to Rush street and there are several places, which we did. Great time too, and very simple, one block away. I have read reviews about the maids rattling in the linen closet, but we stayed next to one (a closet) and it wasn't a problem. I also have read about problems with water pressure but ours was fine both trips.Our view wasn't anything special, but we didn't come for the view, and I feel we could have specified one, but the rate might have been more, not sure. We didn't eat in the restuarants but did have a burger in the bar. The guys out front always remember us when we need a cab, and are helpful. The bellhop took the time to point out features in the room for us (which we knew already) but it was nice. Finally, did everyone notice the Manager commenting on negative reviews on this site? I feel that is good follow-up. We will probably go back again next year, you can have a bad experience in any hotel. Our stays went very well.	
Sep 29 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	We had a good experience at the Drake. We got a good deal on Priceline but still got a newly updated room with 2 beds as we wanted. The place is still old (doors, carpet) but all have character. The lobby is gorgeous.We did not eat/drink there but there was a beautiful bar. Our only really bad experience was the concierge service, they were not at all helpful or even pay attention to what you are asking. Expensive internet also.Tips: Take the river architecture tour, wonderful.	
Sep 27 2009 	Where there's smoke...	For another $25, we splurged for the larger room when we checked in. We dropped our things and went to eat/shop. After a long walk and fighting the crowds on Michigan Ave., we returned to the room just wanting to nap. No kids for the weekend, so just pure quiet and personal freedom. Unfortunately, when we returned to the room, it stank of cigarette smoke. I pushed the call button for the front desk, no answer. I called again, impatient because of the exhaustion, no answer. The third time was answered after a number of rings. I explained to the individual that the room smelled like smoke and that it was pretty nauseating. She told me to hold while she transferred me to the front desk--I must have rolled to another department. After explaining the predicament again, the front desk asked what they could do. Not wanting to be a burden, I asked for air freshener. They said they would send someone up. About 15 minutes later, the smoke and the waiting was too much, so I called again and asked for another room. They didn't have anything available until possibly 4, so they suggested we wait 2 hours until a room opened up. We couldn't bear the room, so we sat in the lobby on &quot;grandma's couch&quot; for about 30 minutes before realizing we wouldn't find any comfort there. We walked out of the hotel and saw a Bentley out front. It occurred to me perhaps why we were seemingly being ignored by the hotel. We gave the desk a cell # before we left and actually believed they would call it. But after miserably propping our heads up on a bar until 4, we still hadn't heard from them. There didn't seem to be much interest in making things right. When we returned to the front desk, they apparently had a room available but had not called us (no surprise). It was smaller than the previous room (though must have still been worth the extra $25 since it was never refunded). We could hear people in the next room, but they weren't very loud, so it wasn't an issue. Primarily where the hotel erred was on the most basic elements--the things you take for granted. The things you would expect even from a Motel 6. The Homewood Suites we stayed at a few months before wasn't as fancy, but it was much more reliable.	
Sep 25 2009 	A great hotel in a great city	We could not have had a better time at the Drake. It is obvious that we were in one of the recently refurbished rooms because it was perfect in every way. The room looked out onto Lake Shore Drive and the lake. An unexpected bonus was being able to watch the professional volleyball tournament being played on the beach. We have stayed at the Drake several times in the past and have always gotten great service. This stay was no different. From the bellman to the concierge to the doorman to the front desk staff to the waiters in the restaurants, the service could not have been better. The Coq d'Or is one of my favorite bars in the world. The decor is very romantic and the bartenders are very old school and lots of fun to talk to. We also had excellent breakfasts in the Drake Brothers Restaurant and a memorable dinner in the Cape Cod Room. The bed was extremely comfortable and the shower was perfect. The bathroom was not large, but it was very well maintained. We also loved the fitness center. It was complete with cardio, weights, etc. The common areas (lobby and tea salon) are very European and some of the most beautiful in Chicago. We have previously stayed here during the Christmas season and they had a huge Christmas tree and trains running through the lobby - incredible. We are already planning a return trip next August.	
Sep 16 2009 	Huge Disappointment	I was so excited about staying at The Drake, you hear all of these wonderful things about it. The hotel itself is elegant and nice, but our overall experience there was such a disappointment and definitely not worth $300/night. Before even checking into our room, they had already charged our credit card once for the entire bill (without us even knowing). They charged us again when we checked in, and AGAIN a week later after our stay. When we first walked into our room, there was a roll out cot-that we did not request-standing in the middle of the entrance, we could barely walk around it! The room itself was tiny, old, and had a view of what looked like a dumpster. The toilet in the bathroom randomly made loud noises throughout the night. We could hear everything in the room next door to us. The hotel was &quot;booked&quot; so we couldn't change rooms even if we wanted to. I also believe that because they were full, they stuck a young couple like us in one of their shabbier rooms. There are PLENTY of other hotels in Chicago that are ten times nicer for the same price. Stay in one of them.	
Sep 14 2009 	A grand opulent hotel from the 1920s that still struts its stuff well!	My wife and I recently stayed here for two nights as the base for our first real vacation in some time. I booked our room on Priceline.com ($129), and we were given a nicely renovated room on the 7th floor (703), albeit with a fire escape/city view down to N. Michigan Ave. below. The room itself, however, was quite large and luxurious, with a wonderful bed and bedding, luxury toiletries in the bath, and very nice decor. However, the real attraction here is the hotel's public spaces, from the well-attended curbside reception area to the opulent lobby and Palm Court mixed use up a half-flight from the lobby. There are many interesting nooks and crannies in this hotel, and a very nice shopping promenade within. High Tea is served each afternoon in the Palm Court, which was delightful, and there is live music and dancing here in the evenings. A bonus, they were serving 2000 Dom Perignon by the glass in the Palm Court. Where have you ever seen this before? This is our wedding year, and we were surprised when we were presented with a complimentary chocolate torte dessert and half refill of the Dom when the staff heard this! We were made to feel quite special by all the staff, which is not at all the case in many mid-tier chain hotels. Finally, we had an excellent breakfast in the Drake's own restaurant, opulent and fairly priced. We did not have any of the ancillary charges that seem the basis for many of the preceding less-than-stellar reviews. Overall, we were simply delighted and hope to return soon to this ideally-located grand old hotel!	
Sep 12 2009 	Fab Lake View	This place does not dissapoint, upgraded to a room with a view of the lake - amazing...Seems like there has been some refurbishment since the last time I was here...All and all - great!	
Sep 9 2009 	HMM...if I had all the money in the world	The Drake is a elegant hotel that you better bring your money too. The room we had was nice and elegant. We avoided the snacks and the mini bar since who can afford any of that. We never did eat at the Hotel since it was too price and not worth the value with so many restaurants near by. The Drake was nice to visit ONCE to say you have been but I find it hard to imagine a family staying there unless you are not concern about cost. In this economy who isn't. The location of the hotel is awesome. It is close to a lot of shopping and nightlife. Would I spend the money to go there again...NO. I will find a more modern hotel where I can lounge and enjoy a good breakfast and not just sleep there.	
Sep 8 2009 	Okay....	The hotel was nice and very elegant. We booked a room on priceline and when we got there they had no standard rooms with two beds (even though we requested) so we had to upgrade. Not a great start but okay. The room was nice and spacious, two closets and two bathrooms and two beds (couch, table, etc). The location was pretty good being at the end of the Magnificent mile. We were two short blocks from Rush street (great dining) and close to State for Shopping. We also could walk down to the river in approximately 15 minutes. The bar/lounge was extremely over priced and the atmospher was that of a cheesy cruise ship lounge. We did not spend any time there. (a tang. tonic was 18.50)!!I probably would not stay here again because you could just as easly stay in a holiday inn express with a better location and a good breakfast included. You can get more bang for your buck elsewhere. Not a disappointment (exept that they didn't have a pool) but not a great review either. I would recommend staying somewhere in the loop, it's still really nice but a little bit more centralized.	
Sep 7 2009 	Never again....completely let down!!!!!!	This was my second stay at the Drake. My husband and I had such a geat experience last year that we booked it again this year (for a girls weekend). We booked a family suite through travelocity. We checked in at 8am, but were told our room was not ready, but they would call if it became available early (they never called). We stored our luggage and went about our day. We officially got our room at 3pm. We stayed in room 256. Avoid this room at all costs!!!! First, the room was musty and damp...very apparent when we entered the room. The carpet was constanty damp. There was mold on the shower curtains and the bathroom walls. The wallpaper and bed linens were stained and ripped. One of the lamps was broken. My friend got shocked when she attempted to turn it on, not reallizing it was broken. The showers never worked right. The water came out hot from the faucet and cold from the showerhead...at the same time. Housekeeping NEVER came to our room. We had to call for towels. We called for a third time (1030pm) for towels and toilet paper the night before we left...this is when they decided to clean our room. We declined b/c we were getting ready for bed d/t an early flight.The lady at the reception desk was very unfriendly ad refused to give me a receipt for the room b/c we had a zero balance and had booked through travelocity. I did call management to express my dissatisfaction with the hotel and the service. I was told that they were &quot;sorry&quot; and we got and old room. We had previously loved the Drake, but were left with such a sour taste for it. I will book somewhere else next time.	
Aug 28 2009 	Wonderful Experience	My wife and I had the pleasure of spending a Sunday night at the Drake in 08/2009. The elegance of this property is the first thing that impresses you. The Palm serves tea every afternoon which is a great bonus. Upon our arrival we were professionally greeted and offered a room upgrade to a recently remodeled suite. The room (736) was clean, spacious, and tastefully remodeled. The best attribute of this room is that if overlooked North beach and had an amazing view of lake Michigan. We will request this room on future visits to The Drake. For dinner we were able to walk to Rush street and have a nice time at the Tavern of Rush. The walk was only three blocks so it was a perfect stroll there and back. In the morning we ordered the american breakfast from room service and it was excellent! For lunch we walk on block south on Michigan avenue and had lunch at the Cheesecake Factory, which has a very nice outdoor seating area at the foot of the Hancock building. We shopped a bunch on Michigan ave and complete our stay in Chicago. We would recommend this trip to anyone for a refreshing, romantic getaway.	
Aug 25 2009 	Old School Elegance and Great Location	Visited our friends who moved to Chicago and stayed down the street from them at the Drake for the weekend. The location of the hotel is fantastic - near great shopping, the lake, and wonderful restaurants. We were able to book a great rate ($139). When we arrived early after our flight, we were allowed to check in early, but for a price (additional $25). It was worth it to unpack and regroup. We had a handicapped room, which was very spacious. The shower/tub combo was not ideal for us, and had only a hand held shower head. While the room was very elegantly appointed, it was showing signs of age - old floors and carpet, window casings, drapes, etc. The bedding and towels were nice and pretty new. The furniture was nice, and the tv was rather large and flat screened. The bar area of the Palm Court is just beautiful - had tea there on Friday afternoon, and drinks later that evening. We had only one complaint - one afternoon after a long day walking around town, we returned to our room and discovered both of our key cards would not work. We had to return to the front desk to get replacements, and it was right as most folks were checking in. All we wanted to do was get inside and relax!There are so many aspects of the Drake which reminded me of the Ritz in Paris, including the shopping areas on the ground floor. If you are wanting a new and hip hotel, this is not it. If you are traveling with children, this isn't your place either. No pool, no activities - really not a great place for kids. If you want to have a great weekend of shopping, dining and exploring Chicago with another adult, this would be a good choice.	
Aug 24 2009 	Grand and Charming you will not be disappointed. Great location and view of Lake Michigan.	We stayed at The Drake for our 5 year wedding anniversary in August 2009. The hotel is located just north of The John Hancock building on Michigan Avenue. The hotel is very grand and charming. They recently went through an extensive remodeling project and everything looks great. They even upgraded our room because of our anniversary. Our room was perfect and overlooked Lake Michigan. You can walk out the front door of The Drake and you’re at Lake Michigan. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. We were greeted curbside by Ben with a smile. He helped us unload our luggage and was very friendly. We used the parking garage a few doors down on Walton. It was less expensive than the hotel parking; $35 a day verses $49. The location is perfect and you’re walking distance to the entire down town attractions. You can also grab the red line which is close by on Chicago Ave. The buses work out well too. We took the Michigan Ave Museum Campus Bus to Shedd Aquarium. The historic hotel is packed with stories. The book inside your room tells a lot about the hotel, especially the history. The Cape Cod Lounge is really neat because it’s basically the same as it was in the 1920’s. The bartender was very knowledgably about the history of the Cape Cod Lounge. Ask him to look at the “MM” that Joe DiMaggio carved into the bar for his wife Marilyn Monroe. The Gold Coast Room and the Palms Room are very elegant. You will not be disappointed with The Drake.	
Aug 23 2009 	Typical grande dame hotel	Gracious, lovely semi-restored grand hotel in a spectacular location near where Michigan Ave becomes Lake Shore Dr. Lobby is elegant, Elevators are fast but small, and there is no indicating light to indicate which of the 6 has arrived at one's floor, until the door opens. My guest room door did not properly close and I had to pull or shove it closed. Room was spacious, and the window even opened a few inches...marvelous! The bed was wonderful, but there was a small refrigerator plopped in the room...useful , and appreciated, but rather unsightly. I*n a hotel of this caliber, it should appear to be &quot;built in&quot; rather than freestanding. Staff was pleasant and helpful for my 2 day visit.	
Aug 19 2009 	Pleasantly surprised	Just returned from a 2 1/2 day convention at The Drake &amp; was pleasantly surprised by its classic elegance. Our 6th floor room was spacious &amp; comfortable. The bathroom location provided lots of privacy. The banquet food served to several hundred of us Friday night through Sunday brunch was some of the tastiest I've enjoyed in some time. Our servers did an excellent job! The place was very quiet considering the Air &amp; Water Show was just outside. The elevators were somewhat small, but prompt. Their narrow doors weren't very forgiving if you got in their way. Built in 1930, there are lots of stairs in some areas. Expression by Lavazza on the ground level serves great Italian coffee, sandwiches &amp; ice cream Oak Street beach is a short walk away. I hope to be able to stay at the Drake again.	
Aug 16 2009 	All you can expect...is there !!!	Just one word: spectacular !! The Staff: classy and serviceable. All tops !!	
Aug 13 2009 	Okay but not great.	I stayed at the Drake for 3 nights. The service was friendly, and it's not a bad locatiion, but way too salty for what you get. Actually Chicago is the &quot;second city&quot; for a reason, it just can't hold a candle to New York. One bright spot was the Rosebud Steakhouse just down the street, excellent restaurant.	
Aug 13 2009 	It's Nice and Famous and has a Fantastic location but otherwise just ok	I was excited to stay at the Drake because I'd heard so much about it. And true, it has an amazing location, and it is very nice. It's just not qutie as nice as I expected. The reservation process was annoying. First, the hotel made an error on my reservation and then the hotel did absolutely nothing to correct the mistake. Then I requested early check-in and wasn't told that I'd have to pay a $25 fee to check in at noon, and so I booked a flight to arrive at the hotel at noon, and then was told about the fee. I would have liked to have known that when I requested early check-in - just good info to be aware of, and in general, I felt that the hotel was very unresponsive to problems.My room was a bit old. It was a good sized room, although I did hear there were some tiny rooms. The bathroom had been updated, but I'm thinking it may have happened in the late 80s or early 90s. So it had granite, and was a dececnt size, but the bathtub was no nicer than any economy hotel and the flush on the toilet was on the wall and looked like a public restroom flush. The bed was qutie nice - nothing blew me away, but it was nice.No robes, no slippers. Nothing else to signify &quot;luxury hotel.&quot;Room service seemed even pricier than one could expect and mediocre. Ditto for the bar where I went to lunch one day.There is a business center, but it cost me $12 to spend 6 minutes on the computer to print 4 pages. Just ridiculous to charge that kind of money considering how much guests spend to stay and dine at the Drake. I know many hotels that aren't specifically for business travelers charge fees at the business center, but it just comes across as petty. My view of the lake and the city was phenomenal, though, and the location really is spectacular.I wouldn't recommend the Drake to a friend because I think there are better/nicer/cheaper hotels in Chicago, but if my friend was intent on staying at the Drake I certainly wouldn't discourage him/her.	
Aug 11 2009 	Faded - but great location and great value	The Drake should be a world class hotel as it has so much going for it. Location is the best in Chicago - opposite Bloomingdales, near Rush Street, overlooking the beach. It has history and a definate sense of granduer. That said, it is now looking a bit tired. The public areas are OK, but the rooms have a little wear and tear (but are still certainly very acceptable). Service is also a bit surly at times. That said the price seems to reflect this. We paid about $350 per night for a junior suite. To me this is excellent value. We tend to stay in more expensive places than the Drake - but the location and style of the Drake make it our regular stop in Chicago.	
Aug 10 2009 	Updated Elegance	The Drake is a lovely historical hotel in Chicago. Recently renovated, the hotel looks fabulous. My room was very comfortable with a great bed, a big bathroom and windows that opened allowing for some fresh air on the first nice day of spring. The staff is very professional and gracious. In the lobby, a harpist plays music in the afternoon during tea. A very nice touch for those who enjoy this type of service. There is a great coffee shop in the ground floor that I recommend for breakfast or lunch. The location is excellent as well.	
Aug 8 2009 	No service no manners no style - relying on it's history/former reputation	We arrived at midnight on Thursday (still here but only because prepaid). Bed had not been changed from previous occupant - pubic hairs etc in the bed, no top sheet. Informed front desk. Informed them again after 30 minutes and no sign of anyone. Maintenance man came to see what the problem is. Came back 10 minutes later with sheets which were in fact duvet covers. Told the duty manager the next morning. No apology, no statement of embarrassment - nothing. I would highly recommend NOT staying here.	
Aug 7 2009 	Beautiful hotel resting on its laurels	As a Hilton Gold VIP HHonors member for the past few years, I generally have been very happy with the serivice I have received from the various Hilton hotels in Chicago, New York City, Washington, D.C, and San Diego. I was looking forward to staying at the Drake; we had visited the hotel in the past for dinner and drinks. Unfortunately, after my recent stay, I doubt I will go back again. We travel there at least 4 - 5 times a year, so we've stayed at several comparable hotels and know that Chicago has many other options.The Pros1. Wonderful location! You are a close walk to Mag Mile, Gold coast, and River North shopping and dining. Lincoln Park is a short (~10-15 minute $8.00 cab ride) drive away. The Oak Street Beach is within walking distance for running.2. Terrific conference/catering services: The food and service was wonderful during our meeting. The staff in catering was professional and very accomodating; this further highlighted the discrepancies in service in all other areas (please see below). I definitely would return to the Drake/recommend it to others for their meeting/catering facilities.3. Beautiful lobby, bar, and dining areas: bar/restaurant staff professional and prompt.4. Heavenly Beds and linens were extremely comfortable--some of the best hotel beds I have slept in recent memory! LaSource bath amenities also are very nice. Room was very clean, althought the carpet/upholstery was a bit worn.The Cons:1. As a Gold VIP HHonors member, I requested an upgrade. I have never had issues with this request (which is a part of being a member) at other hotels (i.e. Hilton Gaslamp San Diego, Chicago Conrad, Millenium Hilton NYC -- terrific service in this regard!). I was told that I could not be upgraded to an Executive level room because &quot;they were not available&quot; (yet other folks in our conference party who were not HHonors members did get rooms on the Executive floors). In addition, since I didn't require a complimentary breakfast, I asked (twice) if there was any way I could receive complimentary internet instead. I was told this was not possible unless I &quot;downgraded&quot; my room (which seemed unreasonable, since the room I was in was on a lower floor -- 4th floor -- with only a partial lake view but a great view of the heating vents). I was told I could speak with Hilton HHonors customer service. The customer service representative contacted the manager (Tom Thomas), but I never received the courtesy of a response. I really would have liked to opportunity to make what I thought was a small request (free internet versus an executive floor upgrade).2. Cleaning staff: On two consecutive mornings, the cleaning staff entered my room ~ 9 AM without checking to see if I was still there. Luckily, I am an early riser. 3. Front desk staff seemed professional enough but clearly not particularly warm/ amenable to moving beyond the cursory motions of helping (see above). They also made an error of charging me for a mini-bar item when I had not taken anything from it. They reluctantly removed the charge. Overall, the Drake has many great qualities. It is a beautiful hotel in a great location with wonderful facilities and a terrific catering staff. in addition, the rooms are clean and the beds are terrific. Unfortunately, the front desk staff, lack of response from the General Manager despite my attempts to contact him, and the lack of basic courtesies (as a Hilton HHonors member) left me a bit perturbed. I do hope that the Drake can rectifiy these issues. Until they do, I would look elsewhere first at other hotels in the area (i.e. Hotel Burnham or Monaco, Hotel Intercontinental Historic tower, Swissotel, Conrad).	
Aug 5 2009 	Couldn't be Better	The Drake really has it all - you're across the street from Oak Street beach, can walk to many great rstaurants, John Hancock is 2 blocks away.Service was impeccable, room was very nice - paid extra for a Lakeview, the lobby &amp; restaurants were all so grand.Thought also quite economical - considering all you received.Look forward to staying again.It was a 10.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great Historic Hotel	A group of us stayed at the Drake Hotel over a weekend in April. It is a great historic hotel. If you stay here, you should be because you like historic hotels, not because you want ultra modern. The rooms are nicely appointed, but you can tell it is a historic hotel. The lobby is beautiful and has some interesting nooks and crannies. The breakfast brunch buffet is also very good and a decent value. The location is also great, making it an easy walk to get anywhere in the city. I would stay here again the next time I am in Chicago.	
Aug 1 2009 	great historic hotel in a great location	This was a wonderful hotel! The rooms were well appointed and very comfortable! The location at the beginning of the magnificent mile was perfect. We were able to walk everywhere. This hotel was everything we hoped it to be! We ate at Gibsons and it was the best steak we ever had!!!	
Jul 21 2009 	The more you pay the less you get.	This is the &quot;fanciest&quot; hotel that I have ever stayed in and I was expecting much more. I was told that all the bathrooms had seperate tubs and showers, but when I got there, that was not the case. I paid for a king room with a small sitting area and they were not kidding when they said small. It was actually one chair and a small table in front of the window. Nothing special. The bed was the best thing about the room, but there weren't any sheets to sleep under. Just the comforter. No phonebook in the room, no pool, no free breakfast, and the prices for the mini bar were outrageous. I mean really, $3.50 for a snickers? My sister in law paid $6.00 for an individual kid size box of cereal and some milk. The self-parking was full so we had to park down the street in another parking garage which ended up being cheaper. Basically we paid for the bed and the name. When my parents went to Chicago they stayed at the Holday Inn and had better reviews. Unless you are just looking for a good nights sleep, I would not recommend this hotel for the money. Also, they did not offer us any transportation suggestions except when we asked about the red line. They told us that it was seven blocks away and gave us a map of how to get there. The Holiday Inn offered to shuttle my parents to the Navy Pier when they asked about it. One more thing, we got stuck in a room that was $188 a night with the ice maker right outside in the hallway and the rooms have metal ice buckets. Let's just say, they tend to make more noise when the ice is dropping compared to a plastic bucket.	
Jul 21 2009 	My Chicago Favorite	Grande old dame of Chicago -- my favorite hotel, lovely staff, impeccable, brilliant foodstuffs, all in all one of the best in the nation.	
Jul 20 2009 	A true classic	If you can - stay at the Drake. This place can be expensive but I got a good price and I am glad that I did. The hotel is just amazing inside. You will feel like you have walked into a different era when you enter. The rooms are smallish but normal for Chicago. The service is spectacular - this is the standard against which other hotels should be judged. Bottom line - if you can get a good price stay here. If you can't get a good price but everything in Chicago is expensive then stay here and at least enjoy the cost. If you can't stay here, then stop by and walk through the lobby so that next time you visit you will know where to stay.	
Jul 17 2009 	Classy Historic Hotel	great hotel in the North Michigan Mile area. you can walk to Navy Pier and Chicago Riverwalk (about a mile hike) and then a little further than that is Millenium Park. Bed is very comfy. Toilet is nice with super flush! Shower has good water pressure. CFL bulbs in lighting fixtures to help save energy. Concierge is very knowledgable. Very close to a local beach, about 2 blocks away.	
Jul 11 2009 	Beautiful Historic Hotel	Stayed at The Drake for 3 days in December. We got a last minute deal on the internet, an extremely decent rate considering it was Christmas time. The hotel is beautiful, particularly during the holidays. Large Christmas trees decorate the lobby and there are carrolers walking around singing. The rooms are pleasant. High ceilings, an entertainment armoir. The bathrooms are spacious and clean. The location is at the north end of Michigan Avenue - very convenient to tourists visiting for the holidays. For visitors in the summertime, the Oak Street beach is across the street.	
Jun 26 2009 	Avoid The Chicago Drake	Don't spend money at the Drake. The place is classic - but nothing remarkable. Just a rickety old building held together by the thick layers of paint. But that is not the warning - it is the staff. They will charge you (a lot) for anything they can and will not budge on anything in return. Read the other reviews here. In our case, out of ~50 persons there for a meeting (along with rented ballroom) two had reservations accidentally made for 3 days instead of two. Immediately the desk staff pointed to the fine print on the form stating it was a &quot;contract&quot; and they had to charge full day rate as an early departure fee. One person was able to get this retracted by the second day. The other was lied to by Assistant Director Tom Marshall and told nobody was given a break. Tom refused to talk to the comp'd person and threatened to call security. I'll make sure my corporation is aware of this place.	
Jun 15 2009 	Good Value - Nice Staff - Enjoyed our stay	We got a Super deal from hotwire, at first I was concerned because of the other reviews on tripadvisor, but it was a great stay. The location of the Drake is awesome if you are coming for shopping and to see the North Shore. It is a little ways from downtown, a few blocks from the red line.The first room we received had a nice view of the wall so we asked for an upgrade and got a beautiful room with a lake view for the rest of our stay. The first room had some peeling wallpaper in the bathroom and the toilet was in a strange location, plus the air conditioner popped and banged. Overall the first room was a nice size, not small.The second room with the lake view was nice and quiet and LARGE. The bed was large and soft. The pillows were really nice as well. It came with a coffee maker, full sized ironing board and iron along with a hair dryer and a safe. I have to say that they must put 90% of their attention and money into the lobby, because it is beautiful, but the rooms really aren’t as regal as you’d think they might be. Don’t get me wrong, they were nice, but if they were as nice as the lobby, I would give this hotel 7 stars. It appeared that the guest rooms were sort of an afterthought.The desk staff was nice and accommodating.If we hadn’t received a screaming deal from hotwire, I’m not sure it would be worth the standard rate.	
Jun 8 2009 	Rooms need updating big time	Definitely a Chicago classic with arguably one of the best locations in the city. We came in for a wedding, rates were still about $250 a night with group discount. I hadn't been here since my H.S. Prom in 1990. The lobby and common areas are still elegant, and classic. Staff is efficient and professional.Room was really dirty, dumpy, and needed updating big time. Carpet was seriously 40 years old and needed to be replaced. Bed was OK, TV was an old POS. I really expected more, but I was willing to sacrifice for the rest of the place.The wedding was great, can't remember which room, but it was awesome. Food was good and the service was stellar. If you're thinking about having a wedding here your guests will not be disappointed!	
May 23 2009 	A truly classic hotel with very helpful and friendly staff	Given The Drake's reputation and having read some reviews on this site, we were unsure whether we should be excited or not. We were bowled over with the quality of the hotel, the helpful staff and the tastefully decorated room. We have stayed in many places in many countries and would rate The Drake as one of the best hotel experiences we have ever had.	
May 17 2009 	Disappointing	I was so excited when i knew that our bid landed on The Drake. My expectations went through the roof given its reputation. When we first arrived, I was impressed with the nice lobby and grande ambiance in the lounge. But once we stepped inside the rooms, our feelings turned into disappointment. The room was very small. The twin beds were comfortable but also very small. The bathroom was outdated. Cleanliness level was subpar. The minibar was dirty. No wireless connection in rooms!! Given its pricey rooms, one would expect more of this hotel. I had to extend my trip in Chicago but looked for another hotel to stay in.	
May 5 2009 	worst hotel service	My husband and I dined in their cocktail room, Coq d'Or. Beware of the bar tender, he will slip in more drinks in the check without you noticed and the manager just think you are an idiot and lied to your face.	
May 1 2009 	What a treasure	We so enjoyed our trip to Chicago and the Drake - everything is just beautiful - it's lavish lobby and cozy rooms - the bar and tea time are wonderful as well. The Drake is truly a gem to the Chicago area and I recommed it to all guests who can afford to stay there. It's not cheap - but it is memorable!	
Apr 18 2009 	Great Deals right now	I am a suburban Chicago resident and had a last minute invite to a conference at the Drake. Since we were meeting for early breakfast, we decided to come down the afternoon before and live it up a bit.The hotel did not dissappoint, but i was upgraded upon arrival to the 6th floor. Our room was very nice in all respects, but I did hear other attendees complaining of room size. I didn't have the heart to tell them my internet rate was better than the attendee rate, but that is the nature of last minute booking- sometimes you win and sometimes you sleep in the car!I enjoyed the decor, the staff and the check in/out. Some hotels are operating on such skinny staffs that it is noticeable. This property had good staffing for the guests and even better for the conference services.My only heartburn came from something the Drake has no control over- our mayors &quot;revenue eyes&quot; with regards to fleecing the tourists. I would happily make 1-2 more overnight trips to Chicago every year, and actually buy something on the Mag mile if the tax add ons didn't make me so foul mooded and ornery. Mayors office, are you listening???? Olympic organizing committee, are you???	
Apr 10 2009 	favorite hotel in chicago	This hotel is fantastic! Close to everything, beautiful. Attentive staff. Rooms well appointed, and prices very reasonable.	
Apr 8 2009 	Fulfilled a dream but at what a price!	My first trip to the Drake was 32 years ago when a college friend and her boyfriend picked me up in his Rolls and took me to the Drake for Sunday brunch. I was wowed then and I told myself that some day I would stay at the Drake. I have made many trips to Chicago over the past 32 years, but somehow, never stayed at the Drake. One of my professional societies had its annual meeting in Chicago this past week so I decided that this would be the time to do it. The location is in my favorite part of Chicago. Excellent shopping is at your doorstep. On the downside, it is pretty far away from McCormick Place. Even with the express bus lanes, you had to count on a minimum of half an hour travel time to the conference. I had requested a king sized bed and got it. The bed was really very comfortable. There were extra pillows in the closet along with a blanket that was useful. The room was extremely warm when we arrived. When we activated the ventilation system, it turned the air conditioning on and it stayed on the entire time we were there. We were comfortable, but it made us question what was going on to make the place so hot? Our room was on the 4th floor on the Michigan Avenue side and we did not experience any problems with noise. The blackout shades did an excellent job of darkening the room as well as keeping it quiet. The staff are absolutely outstanding. They really bent over backwards to help us. We did do the high tea on a Sunday afternoon, meeting some British friends of ours who had been relocated to Chicago. They brought their infant twin girls along since we had not seen them. The staff were incredibly accommodating about finding us a place where we could park the monster stroller and providing high chairs, and then taking pictures. Their willingness to help really helped me when I paid the bill for tea, scones, little sandwiches, and some sweets--$150 including tip. So I check &quot;having high tea at the Drake&quot; off my list of things to do before I die. The thing that really irritated me the most was the incredibly poor internet service. No wireless internet service was available in the rooms. The land line service was incredibly expensive and incredibly poor! It had intermittent failures every hour for five to ten minutes where it could not connect. And then suddenly, it would reconnect. I could never get a satisfactory answer for why this occurred. It was maddening because I spent more in my four days at the Drake than what I spend in a month at home on my high speed internet connection. They are not oriented to business travelers who want to work from their room.The Drake is an institution. As our British friends mentioned, this was the place that the Royal family stayed when they visited Chicago. I put it in the same category as the Plaza in New York as it once was. It is an experience to have had but not necessarily a habit to acquire. I look fondly on the experience, but the next time I am in Chicago, I will find one of the better value hotels.	
Mar 28 2009 	The Drake: Fading Beauty	I have stayed at the Drake 5 times in the past 3 years. Typically using Hilton Points, I'm a platinum member. The rooms have varied tremendously, from tiny boxes to beautiful suites overlooking Lake Michigan. This last stay they put me on 2nd Floor &quot;overlooking Michigan Ave&quot;. In reality I could hear the traffic from Michigan Ave all night. If you are a light sleeper forget it.ROOMIn serious need of upgrading. Old carpeting, small bathrooms, and tiny TV. Desk work area was very small.LOCATIONThe location at end of Michigan Ave is nice. Easy walk for good shopping and access to run path along the lake.EXTRASThe executive lounge has gone done in terms of food offerings as well as quality of food. On a Saturday morning only two newspapers for room of about 20 guests. No newspaper delivered to room. The fruit bowls they had by elevators on each floor are a thing of the past. Overall, it's a nice hotel, but definitely has seen better days. If money s not an object, then Park Hyatt or Peninsula are much better choices.Using Hilton points consider the Conrad Hotel	
Mar 19 2009 	Grande Dame of Chicago Hotels	My daughter and I spend 2 days at the Drake in Chicago. What a fantastic hotel. I was surprised when it came up on the bidding site particularly at the rate I bid. Check the bidding for travel sites for more info. Arrived and parked across just across Michigan Ave, for $27 for 24 hours, and checked in, hotel valet is very expensive as is standard at this level hotel in Chicago. The self park is $35. Go across the street Front desk staff moved us into a two twin bed room on a refurbished floor and were generally friendly and helpful. The lobby is phenomenal, a piece of another age. The room was more pedestrian, It faced Walton Pl and was on the small side, not tiny, just small. We had a huge flat panel tv and an internet connection ($12.95/day) but there is wireless from somewhere else for $9.95 a day if you are a cheapskate. Beds were comfy, and the bathroom small but the shower was divine! Just the ticket after a long cold walk on Michigan ave. We did not eat at the hotel, as there are many options close up on Rush and State streets. Great place for breakfast is the Original Pancake House. Bell staff kept our bags efficiently after we checked out. Overall a great stay at a great hotel.	
Mar 19 2009 	Could've been okay but turned out terribly.	I'll start with the good things: The bed was very comfortable. The room was very clean. The bathtub was outdated, but large. The lobby was beautiful, and the bar was good.And now the bad: The room was a shoebox, and based on the floorplan stuck to the bathroom wall (fire routes), it was easy to see we had the smallest room on the floor. We asked for 1 King bed, and got 1 Queen bed. The bed had only a fitted sheet and a duvet - no top sheet, no blanket. Fortunately, we managed to find a bag in the closet containing the missing sheet and blanket. Unfortunately, we really didn't need it, as the thermostat seemed to be broken and the room was sweltering all night. After supposedly having it fixed for our second night, I once again woke up in the middle of the night and had to go sit in the hallway to cool down. We also requested early check-in if available, and while I didn't mind the $25 fee for this, it would have been nice to know in advanced when I requested it instead of being notified upon check-in.	
Mar 4 2009 	Grand and elegant old hotel	I am in Chicago frequently and generally stay at the Drake even though my meetings are in other hotels scattered around the downtown. I have been staying at the Drake for longer than I care to remember. I will keep coming back as long as they continue to maintain this elegant grande lady. The staff is tops, the place is clean, and it has some elegant history. Sure the Fairmont is nicer, but sterile with little history. Just take a few minutes to wander around late at night and you can just feel the stories oooz out of the walls. I just like to sit in the lobby for a few minutes before heading to the airport...it is so quiet and elegant. I hope the managers keep their careful eyes on this hotel as I would hate to have to give it up. Just one minor issue...the internet is expensive and slow for business purposes..and not wireless.	
Feb 24 2009 	Definitely a mixed bag.	My wife and I stayed at the Drake over a weekend in February. There were some very good aspects, and some very disappointing ones.First, the good ones:-We had a room on the 10th floor overlooking Lake Michigan. It was a beautiful view!-The room was large and nicely furnished. -The Drake Brothers restaurant was excellent for breakfast - great food and great service. And we got a $30 per person voucher for being Diamond members. (Yes, you do need the whole $30 each!)-The location of the hotel is great. In addition to the view, you can easily walk to many shops and restaurants. You don't need a car to experience this part of Chicago. We took a cab from the airport ($25). After our two days at the Drake, we simply walked across the street to the Hertz location at the Westin and rented a car for the rest of our trip. That allowed us to avoid the $50 per day parking fee.-There are several great shops in the hotel. The Mangel Florist shop provided a small bouqet of beautiful red roses for only $25. There was an art gallery with beautiful paintings and a very freindly owner. Don't miss the Lavazza Coffee Shop in the shopping area of the hotel - great coffee, super friendly service (translated: not snooty - see below), awesome sandwiches, and a relaxing atmosphere.And now the disappointments:-The executive lounge is closed until &quot;late March&quot; due to &quot;lack of business&quot;. So definitely don't pay extra for a room on the executive floor hoping to use the lounge. As noted above, the substitute breakfast vouchers work well for breakfast. But check your bill - we were charged for breakfast the first day.-The lobby area is undergoing renovations and much of it is covered with scaffolding and giant sheets of plastic. I notice that's disclosed on their website now, but wasn't when I made my reservation.-The Palm Court Lounge was a disappointment on Saturday afternoon. We did not feel welcome at all and the staff was quite snooty. We got up and left and had a wonderful time in the Lavazza Coffee Shop. I'd recommend the same choice for others.-Check your bill closely. We were charged for breakfast one day when it should have been free, and were also charged for some mini-bar items. And that was before I even realized there was a mini bar.-The bathroom was small and in need of updating. I guess at the end of the day, an old hotel is still an old hotel.While I'm glad we had the experience of staying in this landmark hotel, we probably won't be back.	
Feb 9 2009 	Loved it! I need to come back!	Stayed at The Drake at the end of a business trip. It was fantastic! Located in downtown Chicago just 1 block away from the John Hancock Building next to Lake Michigan. You could see the beauty of the hotel even though a large part of it was being restored to it's 1920s glory. The staff were extremely friendly, knowledgeable &amp; nice. The rooms were fantastic &amp; beautiful! A regular room is like a mini suite! The bed was comfortable too. I need to come back here once the hotel is completely restored. I would recommend it to anyone.	
Jan 28 2009 	The Drake Luxury/Service	Stayed at the Drake just for the weekend for a quick getaway in Chicago knowing that the weather would be horrible (snow &amp; cold).Check in went great. Due to low occupancy, front desk gave us a free ugprade to the executive level. Normally this gives you access to the executive lounge for cocktails and breakfast, however due to the low occupancy rate, the lounge was closed. I did ask if there was anything else we could get instead and the front desk gladly gave us two free breakfasts at Drake Brothers. Pretty good deal so far!Room was great. Very large with four closets! We couldn't remember where we put everything we brought. All the restaurants at the Drake are very nice. Cape Cod Room is our favorite for seafood. Drake Brothers is a steakhouse, however, they do have a very nice breakfast buffet. Coq D'Or is their small lounge/restaurant where we had lunch. It was very good also. The Palm Court is their other &quot;bar&quot; however is also the tea room. They have afternoon tea while a harp plays. It is always very crowded. We went in the evening where they have jazz and it had loads of dancers and was quite crowded also. That evening we decided to try the new Trader Vics which has just opened up after being closed for two years, prior at the Palmer House Hotel. It is just a three block walk from the Drake by Rush St. It was pretty good, however, service was spotty and the food was just so-so. That being said they have a great lounge serving fabulous Mai-Tai's so it is good for cocktails and hors d'oeuvres for sure!We have stayed at the Drake previously and always love their ambiance and great service along with excellent gold coast location. I would recommend it to all looking for an upscale lodging offering good restaurants and service.	
Jan 25 2009 	Still a classy place to stay!	Booked our stay at the Drake on Hotwire, so I didn't know we were staying here until after I'd paid (got an excellent deal, though - over 60% off the going discount rate). I was a bit skeptical about it after reading through the reviews, but thanks to you all, knew the potential pitfalls.When we checked in, I asked for a room on a renovated floor. The clerk asked me if I wanted one bed or two, and I asked for one. As she's figuring out which room to put us in, she says, &quot;Oh, well, you're not only getting a renovated room, you'll be the first people to stay in it.&quot; We also got upgraded to a lake view room. No complaints there! The front desk staff was very polite on the several occasions we visited them.As stated in a lot of the other reviews, the concierge staff was extremely helpful as well. They booked our dinner reservation as well as helping us get two spa appointments at the same time on a Saturday morning with only a couple hour's notice! My only complaint is about the parking - it's valet-only, and it's expensive. Just be aware of that if you're driving in. We stayed for one night, and the parking charge was $48! Your best bet would be to find a self-park garage in the area - realistically, you shouldn't pay more than $30 per day to park, so at the very least, you're saving almost $20, if not more. Still, it's a great location, right on Michigan Avenue, near all the shopping, you're within walking distance of the Rush St. nightlife, and when the weather's nice, you're right across the street from the beach and the lakeshore. Definitely glad we stayed here. Would stay here again!	
Jan 22 2009	A Great Experience	We stayed here over the New Year period 2008/9 and experienced their New Year Ball, a lovely black tie event. The hotel service was excellent and the elegance and age was just what we hoped for. Its location is also superb for a stay in the city. We walked everywhere and no walk was too long.Our room faced the front (South) which was fine if uninspiring though the rooms facing North offer spectacular views of the 'coast'. I found the hotels bar ordinary and expensive, there are better ones just around the corner! Try the 'Grill on The Alley' for a great meal and a wonderful bar.I believe there is a major refurb planned for Feb 2009.	
Jan 8 2009	Grand Old Hotel	The Drake is realy one of those timeless hotels. Even though it is dated in age, and now one of those chanes that tend to strip all personality from a hotel, The Drake Stands out. Its location is superb, right at the tip of lake michigan, and Michigan Ave. The food is great, somewhat pricy but the Cape cod room is worth it. The atmousphere is splendid. It was the first time I took my now fiance home from Ireland, and it was perfect. I can not compliment them more on the quality. I am in the hotel industry and I tend to be picky. I don't think this quite makes one of 'The worlds top' type hotels, but as far as a not about to spend a grand a night hotel, it is top of the league.	
Jan 8 2009 	Fabulous Drake!	Lavish, but not overdone, this hotel makes the average person feel like a member of royalty, if only for the night. Wide hallways and rich, elegant décor add to the charm and old world luxuriousness of this grand old hotel. Great dining and even good shopping choices make this one of Chicago’s most elegant palaces. I’ve stayed at the Palmer House and the Ritz Carlton. Both are great but The Drake tops them hands down.	
Dec 28 2008 	It pains me to write this review	We don't usually stay in the Gold Coast area when we are in Chicago and it has been many years since I have been to the Drake to stay. I had such fond memories and I guess I should have kept it that way. The hotel still has bits of its former glory that you can see through the slow decay. All the beautiful crown molding is still there and the lobby is as impressive as ever, the rooms are where the age becomes evident. Hilton has done work to the hotel and continues to do so but they are not going to win the battle with out a major overhaul. Our room was a Gold coast suite with 2 rooms, the average nightly cost for this room is $1,100. Amenities in that room include quite a few things we never had, some simple some pretty major; no bolster pillow, no complimentary beverage, no large arm chair with Ottoman, no turndown service at night, and no newspaper. There is a work area in the suites as well, however there are no light bulbs anywhere in the rooms over 60 watts so its hard to read anything. The hotel was also noisy, the doors are heavy and close hard so every time someone came or left we heard doors slamming. The staff used to be very accommodating but now they are all rather aloof with the exceptions of the maids that stand and chat in the hallways, they always said hello. Our suite had a bathroom with decor out of the 80s and shower mold that appears to have started in the 90s it was so thick. There was also a pop spill all down the wall by our mini fridge that was there when we checked in and was not cleaned up during our whole week stay. The bedroom of the suite and the bathroom also had the distinct smell of vomit which made me have to go buy a strong candle to keep in the room. I was so very disappointed, we will not be back to stay in the hotel again. I would recommend the restaurants however, they are wonderful.	
Dec 10 2008 	Better than expected given reviews	I was looking to stay here on pleasure but thought I'd wait till experiencing on business given the relatively lower rating given the reputation of the hotel. I must say at Christmas time the hotel is beautifully decorated and majestic. The rooms are a bit outdated but it's a historic hotel. Carpet a bit dungy is my only complaint. Bedding and comfort are top notch. Service I find very good. I'd search for internet discount rate as this hotel is only worth 175 a night tops compared to what you'd find at Sofitel or Affinia for comparison of updated room and arguably better or same service.	
Dec 8 2008 	Refurbished perfection	My latest visit to this grande dame hotel allowed me to see first hand how the renovations are coming along. I had a junior suite on one of the revovated floors, and the results are fabulous. Everything brand new, but the old flavor of the hotel still remains. Our room had two very large flat screen tv's, great bath, completely restored woodwork detailing, and a tremendous view of Lake Michigan. All of the old details of the hotel were perfectly restored, allowing none of the old character to be lost. I do not know why anybody would stay any place else other than this place. The Palm Court was absolutely hopping on the weekend with great jazz music and dancing, and the timeless feel and elegance are just so palpable.They are redoing one floor at a time, so make sure you ask for a room on one of the renovated ones.	
Dec 4 2008 	Never again	First, the hotel gladly booked my room at a discounted rate and billed my credit card for 100% of the stay prior to our arrival. Btw, our discounted rate was $325 per night! I now know why they do this. When you arrive and chose to leave due to problems you lose all of your money. Their rate of early departures has to be very high given all the problems we experienced. What problems, you may ask? Our bathroom had black mold on the ceiling. The ceiling in the main room was cracked from the ceiling light fixture all the back to the frame of the wall/ceiling. Every time we open or shut the door to our room, plaster fell on our bed. The carpet was GROSS to the point that we asked for another room due to the mold smell. We were refused another room. There were no coffee mugs. I called at 8AM for a mug and it did not arrive til afternoon (the handle was broken). At 8PM I asked for a CLEAN robe to no avail. I called the front desk at midnight to advise that I had yet to receive a clean robe. Boy they were quick! They brought a roll away bed. HUH!? We were in the gym and asked for extra head sets since there were none on the rack. Again, to no avail. They later explained that they no longer provide head sets due to sanitary concerns. Gee, if they applied the same concern toward their hotel rooms they would not have a black mold problem. If you want to eat breakfast via room service be prepared to wait all morning. We placed our breakfast order for early delivery (7AM). When it finally arrived at 8:30 AM nothing on our plates resembled anything we had ordered. Two bagels on a plate and a bowl of fruit...? Huh!? We spoke with the weekend general manager who stated that there was nothing he could do to adjust our bill because we had pre-paid. He gave us four complimentary meal vouchers good for use in their fine dining facility. This was on our last day! What were we going to do with complementary meal vouchers on our last day. They are invalid the day you depart. If you valet your car they tell you to call 15-20 minutes prior to pick up in the event they are busy. They were! We waited 45 minutes and barely caught our flight out of Chicago. For all those folks who rated this hotel a &quot;5&quot; , I can only assume you are accustomed to staying at 2 star hotels. The hotel is filthy and is in need of a MAJOR face lift. Also, I am fluent in spanish while teaching foreign languages for 30 years, and I still had a difficult time communicating with their spanish speaking staff.	
Nov 28 2008 	Finally got there!	Stayed at the Drake during the first week in November, in fact arrived Chicago just a day too late to celebrate Obama's victory. I once worked in Chicago and have been back a few times, but somehow never got to stay in this wonderful, timeless landmark - until the opportunity presented itself to whisk my partner away for 5 days. It did not disappoint. The junior lakeview suite was spacious, classy, comfortable and well equipped - the bed was to die for (the &quot;HH Collection&quot; topper, douvet and Egyptian cotton sheets now rival Sofitel's in my opinion). Heating was a little on the low/uncontrollable side and the bath and bathroom incredibly small for a suite. And forget watching TV from the bed - you will need the eyes of an eagle until the Drake goes widescreen!Although the décor looked just a little tired, this hotel has class, real class. Chicago's [great] answer to the London Savoy or the Ritz or indeed the Chicago Ritz. Our only complaint was that front desk and bar staff were OK, just OK. This is where the Drake lost one star for us. Concierge and bell team were however humorous, helpful and very prompt. .The Drake is still steeped in nostalgia and stories (where else can you rest your cocktail where Joe DiMaggio carved Marilyn Monroe's initials on the bar). So I reckon this hotel is still the only place to end up after lugging your Saks and Bloomie's shopping bags down the Magnificent Mile!	
Nov 23 2008 	Nostalgic Hotel	The Drake is a nostalgic hotel located just a block from the Water Tower. The lobby is beautiful and continues to hold the grace of which has made it famous. There are breathtaking views of Lake Michigan and a myriad of upscale boutiques. The hotel Christmas tree was erected in the middle of the lobby during my stay and was absolutely gorgeous, surrounded by animated Santa's and angels flying overhead. During lunch in the Palm Court restaurant, a harpist played adding a bit of magic to the overall ambiance. Overall, the rooms were nice and clean. One bit of information for Hilton Honors guests that difers from other HIlton properties is that you must be booked in an executive suite in order to be allowed onto the concierge level- no matter if you are Diamond VP or not. Although it did not impact my stay, I found it interesting. Overall a great stay.	
Nov 4 2008 	Family time at the Drake	We checked in at around noon on a Sunday and our room was not available( it was 1 queen and two Murphy twin beds) I asked the women at check in if she could find us another room since we were only in Chicago for 24 hours and we had touring plans and wanted to get into a room. They put us into an upgraded room/suite with two queen beds and a sleeper sofa and two bathrooms for the same price. It was wonderful! Decore is a bit dated but very clean and old-world elegant. The Concierge was wonderful. She recommeneded a wonderful Architectural boat cruise( very worthwhile) and an amazing Itialian restaurant (Volare') a few blocks off of Michigan Ave. Overall our stay was memorable. However, we found it rediculous and even hard to believe that we could not get wirleless access for our laptop at the Drake w/out paying a fee even in the public areas. Two and three star hotels offer it for free. The Drake is a slpurge( if not on a business account) and extra fees are insulting.The other thing that was not favoraable was that the heat in our room could not be regulated and we roasted all night....very uncomfortable and a total waste of energy and money by the hotel.	
Oct 28 2008 	The Drake: "Classy Chicago"	I have just returned from The Drake. I stayed there for a wedding this past weekend. I loved this hotel. Very elegant. Just walking through the lobby is amazing. Hotel has a wonderful charm. Service was excellent. Staff very helpful. It is in great location.Plenty of restaurants..A harpist plays during the tea hour near the lobby.Just an amazing hotel. Best wishes....MaryRichmond, VAAt Drake hotel 10-24-10-26 2008	
Oct 20 2008 	Classic Chicago	The Drake is a classic Chicago hotel. Best location on Lake Shore Drive and Michigan Ave, this hotel has it all. The hotel has never been ruined with some sort of modern update. Has a classic and logical feel with great rooms and character.The lobby is wonderful and drinks by the fountain are a must for an elegant experience at this classic hotel.	
Oct 20 2008 	Classic but needs an update	I stayed at the Drake recently because it was very close to a customer account. I have heard great things about the Drake in the past, and the fact that it was priced within my company's frugal allowance sealed the deal. I arrived late at night, but the lobby was very elegant and well appointed. Check-in was a breeze, and I board the old elevator to my 3rd floor room. Upon walking in, two things crossed my mind: it was a generously sized room and I have not seen a 19 inch TV outside of a yard sale in some time.The details are rough around the edges. Wallpaper was peeling, paint was chipped, tile grout was loose, sink stopper floating around. The bed was new, and the shower was a big walk-in type. The Drake Bros restaurant serves breakfast, and my Hilton Gold membership comped the normally $24.95 buffet. It was good, but not $25 good! I find that these things are overpriced to begin with, and downtown Chicago is obviously no exception. Overall, it's a decent hotel for what my company paid. There are better hotels in the area for only slightly more money, however.	
Oct 12 2008 	Time for a renovation	While the Drake is an classic old hotel, it is long past it's prime. The lobby is still very elegant, but the rooms are long in need of renovation, routine maintenance has been deferred too long. Old carpets with stains, peeling wall paper, dirty windows. Great location. I have stayed here twice for business meetings, our group is not coming back. They seem to have problems getting people the rooms they had booked.	
Oct 9 2008 	Save your money	We found The Drake Hotel a huge disappointment. We reserved the executive floor. We were given another. After going back down to the desk...they gave us our reserved room. It was very noisy, inside and out. Our second night we had to call down and ask for shampoo and soap. The next morning we had to call down and ask for coffee cups which were there for us the first night. We waited 45 minutes for the cups. Actually, the housekeepers wanted to clean our room and we told them that we were not ready and were still waiting for our cups. They brought them within a couple of minutes. Twenty minutes later as we were leaving, the coffee cups became available from another unit of the hotel. The bed was nice but there was no sheet between the comforter. We found this odd as others have shown. The staff at the downstairs bar seemed extremely rude. We will not be going back to The Drake. There are too many other Grand Hotels in Chicago.	
Oct 8 2008 	A Wonderful Experience	I have had the good fortune to stay at the Drake each of the last three years, and I've had excellent experiences each time. The common areas of the hotel are wonderful. The furnishings and decor make you feel as though you could be sitting in the lobby a century ago. It's great to have tea or appetizers in the bar and just watch people come and go. There are several dining options, and though I've heard that Drake Brothers is great for dinner, I've only ever eaten breakfast there. The breakfast is wonderful, though - you can have the buffet or ala carte. I've been to a few banquets and business meetings at the hotel as well, and the food is always better than you would expect for that kind of thing, so I think you can safely give the catering service high marks. Over the years, I've stayed in three different room types - a city view suite, a city view double and a lakeview king. The suite and king were both great. I will say that the city view double was showing its age, but I figure that is to be expected at a grand old hotel. If you want trendy, new furnishings and plasma televisions, go stay at a new hotel. If you want history, grandeur and tradition, stay here. You'll also get REMARKABLE service (which I think is the best reason to stay here). I've always had great service at check-in and check-out with both the bellhop and front desk staff, the housekeeping service is great (the room is always spotless) and the concierge can't be beat. She was able to get tickets to some very hot shows the day of and got great seats. Some folks have complained about the location - saying that it's not central enough. Admittedly, it is at the end of the magnificent mile rather than in the middle, but I think the lake view and the proximity to some of the higher-end boutiques on Oak Street are the perfect complement to the hotel. Also, some of the best restaurants (Spiaggia, etc) are within a block or two. For the overall package of location, room decor and GREAT service, I really don't think the Drake can be beat.	
Sep 29 2008 	Very Nice	My husband and I stayed at The Drake Hotel for 3 nights in September. It was the best time to see Chicago because the crowds were minimal. As for the hotel ...... it is super fancy and the decor is AMAZING! They had fresh flowers in the lobby and the design was fantastic. The staff were extremely professional and approachable (not like in Ontario). The only things that we were not impressed about were the extra charges. If you want to use the fitness center (and it is tiny), there is a fee for it. The internet must be 'bought' even if you bring your own laptop. With the amount of money that we paid (or would have paid if we didnt use hotwire.com), you would think they would include the above items at no extra charge. But....overall it was a very nice stay. I would not pay the $390 that the room was advertised for, but if I could get another deal, I would stay there again.	
Sep 22 2008 	another disappointing stay at the Drake	I wanted to like the hotel, but the condition of the room doesn't match the cost of staying here. Sofa had holes, lampshade had burn marks, torn wallpaper, worn carpet. unfriendly and uncooperative and unprofessional appearance from the staff. would not even consider a late check out. the bathroom was not clean when we checked in. and during our visit the bathroom was not clean.	
Sep 21 2008 	Uninspriring view from window but what a bed! :D	I was in Chicago on business so had to book a hotel that was on the approved list. I was advised to book The Drake by a colleague - the tripadvisor reviews were largely good so I wasn't too bothered.My room was a good size but there was no upgrade to a suite (oh well).My only negative comments would be that the room is fairly dark even with all curtains open during the day or all lights on at night, the wardrobe is quite small and I did notice noise from the room next door (talking on telephone, alarm clock in the moring, etc).On the plus side the bed has got to be the best I have ever slept in and was so comfortable. The coffee machine in the room makes very acceptable coffee and the shower worked fine.Old fashioned decor was not to my taste but was in good order.Good location and I even had oblique views of the lake from my room!	
Sep 19 2008	Interesting hotel lack of attention to detail	This hotel was booked by Hilton Honors. I am a Diamond Member. The lakeview room with twin beds and sitting area was delivered as promised. It was a nice room with excellent view. Good location adjacent to the Magnificent Mile and not too far from Navy Pier.The hotel clerk booking us in appeared not to understand the reservation which, for some reason, was made for two nights on separate certificates. This was subsequently confirmed when I received a whopping bill after my first night's stay. This was reviewed by the hotel desk and I was assured that charges had been reversed and balance was &quot;0&quot;. On checkout the following day I again asked and was assured there were no charges. I today discovered the charges on my credit card. The Drake promised to remove them but it would take a week. They could not print out a receipt on checkout as I had &quot;0&quot; charges. Newspaper was not delivered to room in morning. The Executive lounge requires agility to climb approximately 25 stairs. When I asked about disabled guests I was informed by a staff member that he had asked the same thing when he arrived at the hotel. No real answerThis hotel is expensive and has magnificent lobby, elevators and good rooms. However, it lacks enthusiasm towards guests and does not seem to care if you are pleased or rankled. I liked the location but not the attitude. I would not stay here if I had to pay $375 a night.	
Sep 4 2008 	Gorgeous hotel - great rates available if you look in the right place	We booked this on Hotwire and what a pleasant surprise. In the middle of summer we got a room for $99 and then when we arrived at about 2pm on the day of check-in we were given a free upgrade and ended up in a suite with two queen beds and two bathrooms, a sofa and armchairs and two tvs - it was HUGE!We really got to enjoy being in the city centre and at the head of the Magnificent Mile. The people at the hotel booked us onto an architecture/sightseeing cruise the next day and we really had a wonderful stay in the city thanks to the Drake.This hotel is highly recommended and the location is perfect. The staff were all courteous and there is loads of history to read about connected to the Drake.If you get a good deal on this place it is a real treat!	
Aug 28 2008 	Beautiful Hotel convenient location	The Drake Hotel is an excellent choice for anyone interested in staying along the 'Magnificent Mile'. We arrived at the hotel about 8am and were very pleased when we were upgraded to a jr. suite and immediately given our room keys. Our room was very large and very beautifully decorated. The hotel is convenient to all of the best shopping as well as the Oak Street Beach area, which was fun to visit as well. My only 'complaint' was that there was no where particularly close to walk to and grab a cup of coffee, but this was a small price to pay for such a beautiful hotel and location.I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Aug 26 2008 	Disappointing	Last month 2 high school friends and I met in Chicago for a brief mini reunion. We arrived before the 3:00 check-in time and were told our room wasn't ready yet but would be soon. We waited and waited, and still our room wasn't ready. After an hour, I requested that the hotel treat us to tea while we waited. We were told we could have cups of tea (no extras). Finally at 4:30 we were given keys to our room and told that our bags had been sent up. We went up to the room only to discover that our keys did not work. When we returned to the desk, the woman said one of our cell phones had probably demagnetized the keys. The keys had never been near our cell phones. We went back up to our room and discovered our bags had not been sent up, and we had to call to have them sent up. That night I called to check that I could get my car at 6:00 the following morning. I was told to call 10-15 minutes before I needed the car. The next morning I called and no one answered, and I had to leave a voice mail. I called a little bit later and still no one answered. When I went down to get my car, it was not there, and clearly the man in charge of the cars had not received my message. I ended up leaving The Drake about 25 minutes after my intended departure. After our stay I filled out a customer survey and described the events of our stay. I've waited a month and have not heard anything back from The Drake. Admittedly no one problem was awful, but when you add them all up, it makes for less than a perfect stay. Errors happen, but a truly fine hotel apologizes and takes responsibility for their mistakes. The Drake may once have been a 4 diamond hotel, but today only their rates make you think 4 diamonds.	
Aug 25 2008 	Great Location Grand Hotel	Great location on Marvelous mile!The Drake has retained its charm and character with a recent room renovation.My room was large, recently renovated, clean, and quiet. Hallways were well lit.I didn’t have any of the problems noted in some other recent reviews. I was on a non-smoking floor; the furniture and linens were obviously new.	
Aug 5 2008 	Perfect for a family weekend!	My husband and I brought my mom to the Drake in March of '08 to celebrate her 60th birthday. The great thing about The Drake during the winter, is you're able to get fantastic rooms for unbelievably reasonable prices. I believe our two club-level rooms overlooking Lake Michigan were less than $200 a night.The rooms were de rigeur for the Drake - well appointed and ample in size. We love staying at the Drake for the &quot;old Chicago&quot; feel we always get, but are always shocked back into Hilton reality when it comes to service. Most of the Drake employees always seem rather put out, and the biggest example was when the three of us (rather than venture out into the freezing snow) opted to have dinner and drinks in the Palm Court. Our waitress literally had a scowl on her face every time we asked her for something. I'm not a travel snob, but I'm never a fan of servers just being downright rude to people who actually, are quite nice and friendly. The tip we left reflected our dissatisfaction.But, we don't go to the Drake for the service, we go for the history and the fun and the location on Michigan Avenue.	
Jul 8 2008 	Totally deceiving	There are so many problems with this hotel it's not even funny. First, the rooms are horrendous. They're lime green with wallpaper from the 70's. Not at all what you see on the website. It's like checking into the Four Seasons and then staying in a room at the Motel 6. The room that they show on their website is one of their suites, not one of their standard rooms. Second, guest service is rude and pointless. I'm not just talking about the people behind the desk. I'm talking all across the board. The parking attendants. The restaurant servers. The managers. My wife and I couldn't believe it. For example, when we checked in, they put us in room #125. That's on the first floor on the corner of Michigan Ave. &amp; Lake Shore Drive. It is so loud! It's a room that shouldn't even be offered to guests. So we asked if we could switch rooms and instead of giving us another room, they asked if we would rather check out! I asked if the hotel was sold out that evening. They said no. Huh? So, the hotel is not sold out, you have a comparable room available, but you won't let us switch? It was only after asking for the manager, that they put us in a smoking room. And besides the horrible smell, it was just as ugly and old-looking as the first room. Very nice, people.My advice to anybody traveling to Chicago who wants to stay in a nice hotel on Michigan Ave, stay at the Park Hyatt, Marriott or Four Seasons. I've stayed at them all and The Drake doesn't even come close to comparison. Oh, and don't even get me started on the restaurant. Let's just say it's a step above McD's but will make you take out a bank loan.	
Jul 7 2008 	Perfect Weekend Getaway	We chose this hotel because there was an online special from hotels.com. What a surprise to find such a fabulous hotel with character and elegance for such a small price. Our room was on the 7th floor which we were told had been recently renovated. It was very nicely furnished and had a large flat screen television. There was a walk-in closet with a safe and thick bathrobes inside. The bathroom was spotless with marble floors and a large bath/shower. All the staff we encountered could not have been more helpful or friendly. The only thing we could possibly find fault with was the bed. It was really hard. Of course, if you like a firm mattress, that would be a plus!	
Jul 5 2008 	Lovely hotel lots of character	Stayed here 5 nights while in town for a convention. This is a lovely old-school hotel with large guest rooms and plenty of history (see the press kit on the hotel website for a list of past guests). The decor is quite old-fashioned, as you'd expect from a place like this, but that gives it character - if you want shiny, minimalist and modern then book at one of the many chain hotels in town instead. Room was very clean and quiet, had a nice bathroom (love the Crabtree &amp; Evelyn toiletries!) and the bed was extremely comfortable, my only complaint would be the lighting (but dim lighting is fairly standard for hotels). Internet access is quite expensive but there's a cheaper weekly rate if you're staying more than a few days. Yes, the minibar is expensive, but that's to be expected in a high-end hotel - there's a 24-hour Walgreens a couple of blocks south on Michigan Ave where you can pick up snacks and drinks quite cheaply, so i didn't find this a problem. The location is excellent - near the lake, just off Michigan Ave (a block north of the Hancock building) so great for shopping, dining and sightseeing. The buffet breakfast at the hotel was really good, with an excellent selection of healthy and not-so-healthy items. I found all the staff I talked to to be friendly and very helpful. I would definitely stay here again next time I'm in Chicago.	
Jul 2 2008 	Amazing	I was visiting Chicago for the first time and had heard so much about the Drake hotel. I told my boyfriend that I had wanted to stay there so he surprised me and booked us a room there. I must say the service was excellent. The check in went very quickly and smoothly. The staff was very helpful and considerate. The room was large, well lit, the linens were beautiful. We ordered some room service and it was a bit pricey but very tasty. I do recommend people to stay at the Drake and enjoy the wonderful hospitality they have to offer. I would definitely go back!	
Jun 29 2008	If you want to splurge...	What a gorgeous hotel! We love places with a story &amp; try to stay at member hotels of the Historic Hotels of America. The Drake lives up to its reputation. From the building itself, the linens, the service, to the couch in the elevator, everything was beautiful. The hotel thankfully was up to our cleanliness standards. We've found sometimes the older hotels need to be updated, but the Drake is not one of them. The only negative was the price. Our room was almost $500 per night, including taxes. If we hadn't had a free night with our Hilton reward, we would not have stayed there. Hopefully, we'll be able to stay there again.	
Jun 21 2008 	Wondreful grand dame hotel	Recently stayed at the Drake in Chicago while attending a conference. the staff from top to bottom was polite, cheerful and attentive to our needs. The room was well appointed and maintained, quiet and comfortable. The in house restaurants are pricey but comparable to others in the area. The combination of a delightful staff with this grand dame hotel made for a great stay!	
Jun 20 2008	excellent all round loved this place	This is a lovely hotel,I was here on business, and will go again some time in the future. I was a single female alone, and nothing was too much trouble, staff were attentive and rooms were lovely and clean, well located	
May 29 2008 	Classic Drake Experience	We had a wonderful stay at the Drake Hotel. The facility is in impeccable condition, and the service is top notch. We both agreed that the bed was the most comfortable we had ever slept in! As a suggestion, park in the Drake Tower Garage to the East of the main entrance for $30/night.	
May 25 2008 	Excellent hotel	The Drake Hotel did not disappoint! We felt like home from check-in through check-out. The staff is extremely pleasant, friendly and helpful. We got a Junior Suite with a Lake view. The room was huge, well appointed and well maintained. The bathroom was really nice as well. The room was cleaned twice a day but we were never disturbed. The breakfast choices were great. And I do recommend having lunch at Coq d'Or - tasty tasty tasty food. Location is great as well. We really loved it at the Drake!	
May 18 2008 	A Grande Dame that needs to get with the times	I stayed at the Drake last week for a conference. I went there with certain expectations, as I had stayed at a modern near-by property a few weeks earlier. Although I had confirmed by Hilton preferences in advance, the first room they tried to stick me in was on a low floor. The second room was a smoking room that was the size of a closet. The last room I finally got, was perfectly adequate, but needed some updating. The bed was not very comfortable (especially compared to the hotel down the street). The bathroom was small. The TV was old and only had a small selection of stations. I am a federal government employee and I checked in with a tax exempt form. Not only did they not know what to do with it, when they finally figured it out, I was still billed incorrectly and had to get it straightened out. (Hey, I wanted to save the taxpayers some money, but what a pain!)As for the conference facilities themselves, the rooms were tiny and hot, even though outside it was in the 60s while we were there. After the sessions ended, the wait for the elevators was ridiculous. The other ridiculous wait was for the ladies room when the sessions broke. With all the choices of hotels in Chicago, I would definitely look at other options when I return. There was nothing compelling-- the room, the staff, or the location -- that would make me want to stay there again.	
May 16 2008 	Exceptional location wonderful service!	My mother and I booked a 2 night stay at The Drake. What can I say? First off, the hotel is right off of Lake Shore Drive, conveniently off of I-55, Michigan Ave. is just blocks away, close to a wide variety of shopping and restaurants, (We ate at Mike Ditka's place only 7-8 blocks away. Wonderful food!) The check-in process was speedy and efficient, all of our requests were accomidated. The consierge desk is open until 11pm which is helpful. The only thing is self-parking is $30 per day and the valet parking is $45 per day. TAKE MY ADVICE AND JUST SHELL OUT THE EXTRA $15!! The parking garage was full before we checked in and we wasted an hour driving around downtown looking for parking. We finally just went back to the hotel and all of our luggage was brought to our room, and quite quickly might I add. The few requests that we did have (additional towels, wine glasses) were also addressed promptly. But the best part is the bathroom. SOOO spacious! Two women with their belongings strug out everywhere and still lots of space to move around. Bottom line: clean rooms, attentive staff, close to Michigan Ave., Shedd Aquarium, Contemporary Art Museum of Chicago and much, much more. LOVED THE DRAKE!!	
May 15 2008 	Historical Chicago at its best	This is one historical hotel and a great place to stay if you want to be in the Miracle Mile. The Drake is a Chicago landmark. Our room was a handicap access room and nicely appointed (our room was on floor 1 and had two bathrooms with a large living area). This is an older property, so keep that in mind. If you want modern, this is not the place. Everything was grand, and the rooms have updated furnishings. But $20 for a nice glass of wine was hard to swallow. Not asking for a list was my mistake. But it's disappointing, and the bartender made me feel less than just another person in line for services. And $12.95 for Internet is another Hilton gouge. Don't forget to price these items in when you consider the Drake. Otherwise it was a comfortable stay at a nice, albeit &quot;historical&quot; (read &quot;old&quot;), four-star hotel. I would gladly stay there again for the historical significance, but avoid the bar and rally for fair Internet prices.	
May 9 2008 	STAY AWAY FROM SMOKING FLOORS!!	I attended a conference at The Drake and reserved my room several months prior. The hotel is beautiful but I requested a non smoking room and guaranteed my late arrival. When I got there at midnight (! travel delays) I was told there were only smoking rooms available--nothing else. I was assured I would be moved first thing in the morning. I stayed in that stinky room because it was so late and I had nowhere I could go. I woke up several times to the smell of stale smoke. All my clothes smelled and my hair smelled and I had to attend a conference! I wasn't relocated until about my 4th visit to the front desk at 3:30 the next day. The second room was beautiful and I have absolutely no complaints. However, I was not compensated for my having to stay in the smokey room and I had to pay for it when I left, even though I stated my disappointment. We'll see if I even hear from them. I will NEVER stay in a smoking room again! And for the price of the Drake, I shouldn't have to!!!	
May 7 2008	Hot room and non-caring staff	My wife and I arrived for a getaway two-night adventure and all was OK. The bathrooms are NOT what they should be for what they are charging, but the room was clean, tidy and had some savoir faire. The room was &quot;hot&quot; tho, (about 76 degrees) and would not cool down in the approximate 45 minutes we were changing for our first night out. I called management and they said they would take care of it. When I returned at 1:30 AM after a night on the town, having had a few drinks, the room temperature was unchanged -- hot!I called and management was totally unresponsive, basically giving me the blow-off.After cleanliness, this (temperature) is the most important part of a good hotel room and cannot be compromised. For the money, stay somewhere else....like the Sofitel!	
Apr 30 2008 	Nice hotel	I stayed here for business and the hotel was just nice. I rooms were a bit old but very comfortable beds!The food is excellent and the staff is very friendly. But their interenet connects stinks.	
Apr 20 2008 	Could use a little work	I recently stayed at the Drake Hotel for a business meeting. The public areas of the hotel are absolutely beautiful. The architecture is just stunning and the floral displays are perfect. The sleeping rooms could use a litlle work though - there was paint peeling off the ceiling, the carpet was filthy. And the housekeeping wasn't the best - cobwebs in the room and hair - that wasn't mine - in the tub when I checked in. These are things I would overlook in a cheaper hotel - but with the prices you pay at The Drake, you expect it to be better.	
Apr 15 2008 	Good 20 Century experience	The location is great for a tourist/business trip. Michigan Avenue is right there. The nearest subway station is about 6/7 blocks away, but the bus runs right next to the hotel. The service is great, thou the hotel is quite old; which has it pluses and negatives. The rooms are spacious and we had a great lake view, however the decor itself is just what I would call &quot;granny like&quot;. You can tell the hotel was the &quot;it&quot; place 50 years ago, I just think it needs some bringing it to the 21 century.Room service was fairly quick.I was there because of a conference my partner was attending, but for the same money I probably would stay somewhere less &quot;old flashy&quot; and more substance, such as a place with a good gym or wireless internet in the rooms. Again nothing wrong with the hotel, just personal preference.	
Apr 10 2008 	Beautiful hotel full of history.	The Drake is a gorgeous hotel located less than a block away from the &quot;Miracle Mile&quot; so if you are looking for a historic beauty and great shopping you've found the perfect place! The staff members were very knowledgeable about local dining and when the power in our room went off they restored it in less than 10 minutes!	
Apr 7 2008	"Was disappointed" but loved the city.	Just returned from a weekend stay. Place is beautiful but they don't give much care about housekeeping in the rooms. I was so surprised when I first went into the bathroom it looked like someone just put clean towels but left everything else. There was a USED bar of soap, I picked up the rubber mat to take a shower and there was someone else's hair. yuk......There housekeeping is really bad. I have traveled and stayed in many places, management should inspect the room before giving it to someone. I think a clean room is basic. A lot of small things also........ we spoke to head of reservations to RESERVE a lake view, reservation was done awhile before our visit. We get to the Hotel at 12 noon and they did not have 2 rooms as we requested and booked. They did not even give a reason it was like we never reserved a room, so it doesn't even pay to talk to reservation manager to insure your booking is what you need..... Something that bothered me was after the first morning we used the coffee pot and that day they supposedly cleaned room but did not refill coffee bags,sugar, creamers etc. for following day. It must be a management problem, next time I will spend a little more money and go to another hotel. Great things was location and buffet in morning. Loved the food.	
Apr 4 2008 	Fantastic stay at the Drake	Went to Chicago for a 10 night holiday and the Drake was quite simply the best hotel i've ever had the pleasure to stay in.Check in staff were friendly and helpful. our room was a very reasonable rate, and the room was enormous, with a large walk in wardrobe, flat screen tv and extremely comfortable double bed.we had a free box of chocolates and bottle of mineral water delivered to us when we arrived, and the housekeeping service was excellent - the room was always spotless and the free chocolates each night and weather report for the following day were nice touches.we were on the 7th floor, which was very quiet and comfortable.all the staff at the hotel were friendly and ready to help out.the coq d'or bar on the ground floor was great - friendly bar staff and the drinks weren't as pricey as we thought they would be.the hotel is located at the top of the magnificent mile, across the road from bloomingdales and close to the john hancock centre, macy's, h&amp;m, borders and victoria's secret. it's also right by the beaches on lake michigan. there are lots of bars nearby.i don't have a bad thing at all to say about this hotel, it was wonderful and we didn't want to leave! the only problem now is that any hotel i stay in in the future will be compared to the drake and i don't think anywhere will beat it for price, luxury and service. i can't wait to go back to chicago and stay again.	
Apr 3 2008 	Pricey - But Very Nice!!	I'm a regular at The Drake. Been staying there every couple months for the last two years.LOVE this hotel!! The lakeview rooms are to die for! Nice, airy, and roomy. Most comfortable beds in the city. Staff is ultra pleasant and helpful at all hours. Check in and check out are efficient and friendly.Restaurants serve delicious food at all hours.Location is perfect. Right off N. Michigan Ave. Walking distance to all shopping and restaurants.A bit pricey, but well worth the money. The Drake gives you a nice pampered feeling while away from home.	
Apr 1 2008 	Too Big for Their Britches	I stayed at the Drake for a business event. The event went smoothly and the staff was accommodating. However, the room was less than I expected for the price. The reduced rate was $160/night, (+ junk fees &amp; taxes) which was acceptable for downtown Chicago in the off season. There where several things that seemed out of character for a hotel of such notoriety.1) Charging for Internet Service - I travel extensively on business and I expect free internet as much as I expect clean sheets. To charge an additional $12.95/day is insulting.2) No Fox News Network - I did not stay at the hotel to watch TV, but I expect the most popular channels to be available when I do have the time to catch up on the news. FNC is the leading cable News Network and to not provide it is crazy.3) The tub did not properly drain, so by the time you are done with your shower, the water is up to your calves. 4) They charged me for something from the mini bar that I did not use. (They removed it from my bill without any problems, but it never should have been there to begin with.)5) Charging for a local call seems silly in this day &amp; age as well, but I admit, I never even thought about the cost when I made the call. The $1.25 to cancel dinner reservations was my fault. I should have known better. Generally speaking the hotel service is well above average. The hotel itself is a beautiful old hotel that, while a little worn around the edges, it basically well maintained. The one bright side was the concierge service. They made great recommendations and got us dinners reservations when we wanted.	
Mar 21 2008 	Nice but somehow disappointing	Stayed at the Drake... can't quite put my finger on it but I was disappointed. Perhaps its because we didn't stay in a $500/night room, but I was expecting &quot;more&quot; from my $250/night room. It was clean and comfortable but small. Nothing I can complain about, after all, it did have a view of Oak Street Beach and the lake. And it snowed while we were there so it was quite picturesque.	
Mar 15 2008 	A mix of history 	The Drake has been around for many decades, yet the hotel still exudes elegance &amp; sophistication. We had a beautiful room on the 5th floor overlooking the northern view of Lake Michigan. The room was very clean and quiet. The hotel staff was very accomodating and knowledgeable. The location of The Drake is very nice, however I prefer the location of the Marriott on the Magnificent Mile. Overall, my stay at The Drake was above average and I would recommend it to any of my friends or family.	
Mar 6 2008 	Disappointed	We booked a junior suite with lake view, and expected what was shown on the web site -- a big, open large suite. What we got was a small bedroom and a small sitting room. We were on the 3rd floor, and our lake view was marred by a view of the roof of the portico and the HVAC pipes.There was a burned out light bulb in the bathroom, and the hair dryer died during the first use. We had a man from maintenance in the room for about an hour. Who wants that? They took out the dead hair dryer, leaving us with a dinky little piece of junk hair dryer. There is very little counter space in the bathroom.There was a leak from the toilet pipe through the wall in the bathroom onto the floor, obviously of long standing. All of this was reported to management on the form they requested us to fill out. Yet not a word from them apologizing for the problems.The guys at the front door were first rate. People you talked to in housekeeping were just as nice as can be. But the room itself was a disappointment, and I've already steered two people away from the hotel for a visit nest month.	
Feb 29 2008 	beautiful lovely and very kind staff	My husband, myself, my son and my grandson stayed for three nights the weekend of January 18-21, 2008. We booked two family rooms.The rooms were large and spotless, the hotel itsself is so clean, i could not see one speck of dust on any of the 50 plus chandeliers. My grandson became a friend of Carlos the doorman who remembered him every time we came back to the hotel from some great museum.My grandson is special needs and the kindness they showed him will always stay with me. Thank you Drake hotel and Staff.p &amp; j brochsteinDetroit	
Feb 27 2008 	Drake a great hotel!	Just stayed at the Drake on business and had a great experience. The location is fabulous and the lobby is breath-taking. My room was very large with 2 bathrooms however don't expect to see much if you have a city view. That was fine with me as I was mostly there to sleep. I would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 21 2008 	Terrific Hotel	The Drake is an absolutely wonderful hotel. It combines old world elegance with all the modern day amenities. Add a terrific location and room views, and this hotel is clearly one of the best in Chicago. The restaurant overlooking Lake Michigan was great, the lobby bar upscale, and the rooms unbelievable. The room was the largest I have stayed in on any business trip. This also includes the size of the marble bathroom. The bathroom itself had both an oversized tub and marble shower. My coworker and I were completely impressed and excited about making a return visit sometime soon.	
Feb 19 2008 	Grand Dame Still Has It	My husband and I stayed at the Drake for one night during a weekend visit to Chicago. We've stayed here before, in a variety of rooms, and have always been pleased. The Drake has always had a certain mystique to me, who grew up in the area and aspired to stay here, so there's always the element of having &quot;arrived.&quot;Of course, &quot;arrival&quot; means one of the grandest hotel lobbies around, with lush furnishings, huge flower arrangements, ornate fittings, and all the other accouterments that a Grand Dame hotel requires. They are all in spectacular form.We didn't upgrade to an executive room, or lake view, as we sometimes do, because we were doing little more than sleeping here this time. The room was nevertheless attractive and comfortable, with all the expected amenities, though the bathroom could use a touch of updating. The bed was quite comfortable, and the room temperature was right on -- important when the outdoor temperature was in single digits and windy.The Drake is not the most modern of hotels, but for a comfortable stay with all required amenities, plus a touch of history and old-world charm, it's a winner.	
Feb 11 2008 	loved the Drake	We stayed at the Drake twice recently - January and February 08, after not staying there for several years. I love the Ritz Carlton and usually stay there - but it is pricey. We got an excellent bargain at the Drake - $135 last weekend - and a good price in January - both for a &quot;room selected at check in&quot;. This seems to be an out of the way room with a terrible view. I did ask to move, but was politely told that other rooms in the category I reserved in would be very similar. The rooms however, were lovely, the beds supremely comfortable, the bathrooms small but very nice, and we were in a great hotel in a great location. Loved tea at the Palm Court. Breakfast at Drake Brothers was fantastic - my January bargain included free breakfast - this is the best buffet! We had dinner at Drake Brothers because the weather was so cold we didn't want to go out - and it was great. I read the reviews from people who reserve through Priceline and were unhappy with their rooms - I think when you get a good bargain, you can't expect to get their best room. That was a trade off that I was happy to make to stay at this lovely hotel for a remarkable price.	
Jan 29 2008 	Best stay in Chicago....	We stayed at the Drake for our Anniversary last weekend. We were pleasantly surprised with an upgrade to the Vista Suite. The view was spectacular. Seperate living room and bedroom. Wet bar as well.We were then surprised with a bottle of wine, appetizers, and small cake from room service. The Executive Lounge was closed. We were given vouchers for appetizers in the Palm Court as well as the full breakfast buffet for the next moring in the Drake Bros. restaurant. We dined at Drake Bros. with excellent service and the food was wonderful. One other table was seated, although it was late for dinner. We then danced in the Palm Court to some great Jazz....All in all a fantastic weekend. We have to thank the entire staff for making this wonderful.	
Jan 28 2008 	It's just right	What a great place! Spacious, comfortable room &amp; bed, considerate service, outstanding restaurants, trouble-free high speed internet access. Nice location with many good restaurants within walking distance. A classic glamorous hotel.	
Jan 17 2008	Best in Chicago	I only stay at the best hotels and when I am in Chicago its the Drake, daughter and I stayed two nights. The treated me like I deserved to be treated. I would have only fired one staff if I owned it. Best suite in the house and didn't charge me what can I say. Good service and luxury are a standard of this world class hotel as its stood the test of time will return	
Jan 17 2008 	Experience The Drake Hotel Chicago.	We did a 4 week tour of the USA over December/January 2007, with 3 older children (girl, 22, boy, 19 and boy, 18), going to San Francisco [Omni Hotel], Miami (South Beach) [Beacon Hotel], Orlando (Disneyworld, Pop Century Resort), Chicago [Drake Hotel], New York (for Christmas) [Beacon Hotel], Boston [Omni Hotel], New York (again) [Roosevelt Hotel] (including New Year’s Eve at the Renaissance Hotel overlooking Times Square), and a day trip to Niagara Falls. It was sometimes very cosy - sometimes downright stressful - with the kids.Anyway, here are my accommodation reviews. I’ll mention side trips and tours too. Sometimes the accommodation was arranged through a travel agent, but on a couple of occasions I organised it direct. I chose The Drake purely on its reputation, history, celeb status, etc. I did not expect this to be a cheap or budget stay (and was not disappointed!), but I did try some cost-saving measures which The Drake was happy to accommodate (see below). Put simply, I wanted to stay at the famous Drake Hotel in Chicago, regardless of cost.I couldn't seem to get a travel agent who could organise it, so I ended up contacting the hotel itself. I tried email from their website several times early in 2007 (for a December stay), but received no response. As I really wanted to try this hotel, I ended up phoning it from Brisbane, and made the booking that way. The girl I spoke to was very helpful with room options, but despite a promise that I would receive email confirmation, none came. It may have been my &quot;Strein&quot; accent. However, when I sought confirmation in November by email, I did get a favourable response promptly by email, and when we arrived at the hotel for our 3 nights, all was in order.One thing to note - we couldn't pre-arrange transfers from Chicago O'Hare airport to the city (the only place in many countries and cities that I haven't been able to), but it was simple enough to arrange a return transfer door-to-door from the transport desk near luggage collection at the airport, and phone in a booking for the return journey.The Drake is an old and impressive building, with views of Lake Michigan. Great foyer. It was all I'd hoped for in that regard. It is very well located - close to shops (including Macy's) and restaurants (some great and reasonably priced Irish pubs - we ate twice at the close-by Dublin Pub it was so good - and it is also close to a great pancake place - The Original Pancake House - where we had breakfast every morning). Some of our best meals were in Chicago. The Drake is also virtually next door to the enormous John Hancock Centre (you can view The Drake from the top). Very convenient location.We had a Junior Suite with two bathrooms, which would have been superb for less people. It had 2 comfortable queen sized beds, couch and chair, desk and chair, TV unit with drawers, closet, room safe, minibar, ethernet, and two enormous bathrooms (I'd say the best bathrooms on the trip). As there were 5 of us, we also took 2 trundle beds (my cost-cutting measure) at no cost (that I'm aware of). The staff were helpful in that regard. That meant everyone had a separate bed, but it was cosy, and the two extra beds (which stood upright during the day) took up a lot of floor space at night. We had windows but were too low down for a good view. The room was quite austere - very Hilton - but nothing to complain about.Reception/check-in was fine, as was check out, and the staff helpful with maps, etc.We did a city tour with an ex-Chicago cop as a bus driver/tour guide, which was very entertaining. We later changed buses to go to the John Hancock Centre (which was the last stop on our tour). Both drivers were happy to stop the bus and open the doors to let me take photos. Afterwards, when we were supposed to be returned to our hotel (remember - just around the corner from the John Hancock Centre), that bus driver was kind enough to take us all the way to the Sears Tower, even though he was under no obligation to do so. Just us 5 in the big coach - he earned his tip for that! At the Sears Tower, the bus driver (at his own suggestion) got out of the bus, lay on his back on the sidewalk and took photos of us 5 with the Sears Tower towering above us. Very friendly folk in Chicago. One girl passing in the street offered us help to find the Dublin Pub without being asked, simply because she'd heard us mention it .Lake Michigan was an awesome sight in winter.I recommend the free zoo at Lincoln Park.Chicago was great, and though expensive, I'm pleased that I stayed at The Drake.	
Dec 17 2007 	Adored the Drake Hotel	I have stayed in hotels around the globe and I can honestly say by far The Drake Hotel in Chicago is my favorite. It is vary clean and well kept. There are several restaurants and bars. The food is the finest. The staff from Ben the black doorman who is preacher to the General manager who is beautiful pampered me with everything I needed for a comfortable stay from cosmetics by Gilchrest and Solmes of London to Fresh news papers. Dont loiter in The lobby because you may be offerd a coffie and a copy of the Chicago Tribune. They dont miss a beat. They have a mall or arcade in the basement with many great stores even an art Gallary. I adored their Restaurants and I dont remenber all the names but the restaurant which is a straight walk from the lobby through palm court has the finest views of the lake in all of chicago. I have stayed at most of the hotels in chicago and no hotel has better views. The Drakes Chose the location in 1918 as the place to build way before any of the others. They did pick the best spot in all of chicago! Back then Wicker park was a farm where the Scandinavians retreated to. And as a matter of fact The Drake Hotel is in the Movie Wicker Park. Its purely a grand classic from the wooden elivators with the cushy couchs and fresh fruit at every stop to shoe shines in the lavatorys. The Hotels grand lobby is decorated with fine Italian furnature and everything is always spotless and in perfect shape. The only I can compare it to is Buckingham palace. Its a classic! I promise you will love it! When in Chicago if you happen to be visit this grand hotel over a drink or dinner and you will learn that it is the best. I have stayed in it many times and I loved every minute of it,	
Dec 15 2007 	Beautiful hotel...low class accomadations	My wife and I stayed at the Drake in June. The hotel is old and beautiful and well cared for. Our only complaint was that the gift shop sells hardcore pornography magazines....right at eye level, with no cover. We thought it very tacky of a &quot;classy&quot; hotel that is supposed to be family friendly. So, if you travel with your kids, I wouldn't recommend staying there or if you do, don't take them in the gift shop unless you want to do some serious explaining.	
Dec 14 2007	Glamour	Location, Location, Loction. At the lake end of &quot;the magnificent mile&quot; you couldn't get a better spot for a shopping trip. Large rooms, clean large bathrooms, excellant staff on reception and in the bars and restaurants and a stunning entry way into the hotel as it was decorated beautifully for Christmas!This is not a cheap hotel, but worth the money.I'll be back	
Dec 8 2007 	The Drake is Lucky	For an expensive hotel, the Drake is pretty cheap, and cuts lots of corners. It is, properly, only a four star hotel in spite of its tradition. Its policy of charging for an unused final night of your reservation is understandable, since there will be many things that make you want to leave early.But on my first stay, a large ensemble of child violin students at a convention serenaded the lobby, and the memory of that brought me back.This time, as my wife and I were approaching dark and cold Chicago, expecting a storm, on the hours-late California Zephyr, I got a Drake concierge named Andrea on my cell phone. She arranged for a car to meet us. What she did extra was to inspire confidence in her and the arrangements she would make, and to convey friendly reassurance to us in the snowy Colorado desert. &quot;See you tomorrow,&quot; she signed off.The Drake has been lucky. I'm not sure I would play the odds again.	
Dec 7 2007 	Wonderful Hotel	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Drake hotel for an anniversary get away this past weekend. We booked and paid for a king room two weeks before our arrival. We received a free upgrade to an executive suite upon checkin. Our room (number 625, the Churchill Suite) was enormous with great views of both the lake and the city. The room was clean &amp; the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was spacious with an ok bathtub &amp; a nice seperate shower. We had no complaints with the room &amp; would highly recommend spending the extra $$ to get a suite at this hotel. The hotel itself is beautiful. The hotel staff was courteous &amp; helpful from check in to check out. Valet was very prompt upon check in but a little unorganized when we checked out. Things to definitly do at this hotel: Sunday brunch at the Drake Bros. restaurant. Pricey but well worth the $$. Entertainment in the Palm Court on Saturday evening. They had a jazz group there the night we stayed &amp; they were very good. Check out the shops on the lower level of the hotel before heading out to Michigan Ave. Things to skip:If you don't like tight crowded spaces...skip dining in the Cape Cod restaurant.The Saturday night lines can be long waiting for the hotel staff to get a cab for you. Take the 1 minute walk to the end of the block &amp; you will be in a cab much quicker than waiting in front of the hotel. If you do have access to the Executive Lounge don't bother. This was the only thing we were dissapointed with. It had the exact same view that we had in our suite. There was a very small bar with a bartender that was not as friendly as the bartenders in other parts of the hotel. They have a free breakfast in the lounge but we opted for room service after our experience in there the evening before.	
Dec 6 2007 	Never again	We stayed at the Drake hotel over Thanksgiving and we did not like it at all. Not only did we have a smelly room (the smell - from a room deodorant??? made us sick) but the room rate ($ 430) for a standard room on the first floor with no view at all was outrageous compared to other hotels in the same category where we stayed before. And for breakfast we had to pay extra!!!Thank you, never again.	
Nov 30 2007	think twice	Got a great rate on Hotwire $139.00 The hotel is an old city landmark at the far end of the mag mile. The lobby is ornate with fabulous holiday decorations. The bar is old school with live music and dancing. We requested a room with 2 beds because we were traveling with children. The room was small - the beds were larger than a twin but smaller than a full. When we asked for a larger room we were told that all the 2 bed rooms were the same. There were no roll away beds available. The room was very hot with windows that did not open. We shut the heat off but it continued to cycle on and off all night long. The shower head in the tub was fixed at an angle toward the wall making it impossible for a tall person to shower. I would definitely never stay here again if I needed a room with more than one bed and a comfortable temperature. Complaints to the management were initally met with arogance Eventually we found someone willing to compensate us for a horrible nights sleep with a gift certificate to one of the hotel's restaurants.	
Nov 19 2007 	It is what it is	We booked on Priceline for $122 per night, an absolute bargain for Michigan Avenue on the weekend of the Magnificent Mile Lights Festival. While The Drake is old and I prefer newer hotels the price couldn't be beat. The room was acceptable, the hotel location is fabulous and the staff was great. We were even able to extend our checkout time by one hour without any issues. All in all I would highly recommend The Drake if you're on a budget and want to stay on Michigan Ave. If you prefer newer hotels you should consider something else. For $122 a night booked on priceline I would definitely stay here again! This place has charm and character you won't find in other cookie-cutter hotels.	
Nov 19 2007 	Old style Chicago	Great hotel, paid $270/night which is at the top end of the spectrum. The room was large, clean and well decorated, and perhaps most importantly it is in a very good location. I stayed for 5 nights and found the checkin staff very helpful - checked me in at 1pm with no wait - straight to my room. The lobby is fantastic and this is reflected throughout the rest of the hotel. The one area the I would say they could imprve on is the style of the rooms which are good but look dated in the schemes that have been chosen.	
Nov 18 2007 	The urban myth is true!	The Drake is everything the urban myth says it is - I absolutely loved it! The hotel is old-school luxury - sumptuous velvet, amazing service and a small ornate bench in the elevator in case you get tired during the ride! Other reviews that I read had a few negative comments - personally, I could not fault the Drake in any way. My room was spotless and very comfortable with easy chairs and ample room. The location, the breakfast, the Palm Court Lounge - all just fabulous and I was sorry to hand over my room card. Special mention must go to John Dowd, the head concierge, who was my guide to Chicago. His service extended across the Atlantic Ocean and was super-efficient in making sure that I had the best time in Chicago.I am now a loyal fan of the Drake and recommend it to everyone. Staying at the Drake is the perfect treat in the perfect city.	
Nov 7 2007 	Best Hotel Room EVER	My room at the Drake Hotel in downtown Chicago was absolutely the best hotel room I've ever stayed in. It was huge .. it had lots of windows, and was very regal. The staff was great, the hotel was beautiful. And for the price, (given downtown Chicago prices) it was actually a great value. Highly recommended to anyone .. it's also a Hilton network hotel which is why I chose it.	
Nov 6 2007 	Pay Full Price or Don't Stay At All	Booked thru Priceline for $122/night (yes, I know, cheap). Upon check in, my only option (for me and my buddy) was a King smoking room. I went round and round with the front desk clerk. He went to talk with his supervisor and came back and said that was my only option for the first night, then they would move us the next day. He said, and I quote, &quot;That's what you get for booking though Priceline.&quot; I was just so tired and had gotten so much attitude from the guy that I gave in. Went up to the room and it smelled TERRIBLE. Quite possibly the WORST room I have ever stayed in. Of course it smelled like an ash tray, but they also used this spray to diminish the smke smell and that was even worse -- think about what a port-o-let smells like. Plus the cooling system didn't work so it was way too warm despite the fact the window was open all night. The room they moved us to the next day was only slightly better, even though the inside of the lamp shades had brown stains (how does THAT happen?). Overall, the hotel is worn with frayed carpets and wallpaper that's coming off the walls. Both my rooms had stained celings in the bathrooms.Upon check out, my bill was wrong because they incorrectly charged me for mini bar items I did not consume (c'mon, who really pays $10 for a bottle of Evian?). And parking is $45/night, but I'm ok with that because that's anywhere.By the way, half of our group also used Priceline to book their room at the Intercontinental (also on Michigan Ave) for $100/night and got a fantastic room without the hassle and attitude.All in all, it seems as if the Drake is wonderful if you pay full price. For the rest of us who are travelling for pleasure and who find it difficult to pay more than $200/night, don't have high expectations for this hotel. To me it seems as if once they learn you booked through Priceline, you're a 2nd class &quot;guest.&quot;	
Nov 4 2007 	Nice Old Hotel	Just back from a stay at the Drake. While it is an old hotel, I was completely satisfied with the room, the service, and ammenities. Bed was excellent as were the linens and internet service was good, which is important to me. Downtown location is great.I always book through Hilton.com and had a very nice room. I don't know what happens if you use other websites, but I can understand why they would not get a high priority with the hotel. There is a great benefit to hotel loyalty. I highly recommend the Drake, but if you are looking for &quot;bargains&quot;, it's probably not the place for you.	
Nov 1 2007 	Wonderful Repeat Trip	This is our go-to hotel whenever we are in Chicago. Try to get a corner suite overlooking Michigan Avenue. Great views and service: turn down every night, with cookies and milk for the kids; super-soft robes and wonderful location.I could go on and on about this great hotel...I would leave every morning before six a.m. for a jog along the lake. The doormen/valet were so supportive (singing the Rocky theme, and even timing me!)We stayed with six people: two adults, and four kids. Great time all-around.	
Oct 31 2007	Very nice but wouldn't pay the advertised price!	My husband and I spent two nights at the Drake at the end of our Chicago stay. We were fortunate to receive an employee rate, which brought the room under 200$ which is excellent for any Chicago area property, let alone a landmark. The hotel is attractive. Our check-in was easy and we were treated well, despite paying less for our room. Yes, the hotel is old, but it is by no means falling apart. Our room was well-appointed and well decorated. Our bathroom door did not shut perfectly due to age, but who cares. We were greeted with a variety of fresh berries and a berry tart presented attractively in our room. The hotel has a good location, close to the lake and close to shopping. It is not close to a Metro station. We made the mistake of schlepping our luggage down MI avenue to the hotel and it was a long walk!The beds were comfortable and I thought the bathrooms were beautiful. We did not eat at the hotel. Our carpet showed some signs of wear. All in all, I was very happy to have stayed at such a famous hotel and there were no problems at all with our stay. To be honest, we spent very little time in the room. We took the Architecural Society's boat tour which was wonderful. I wouldn't recommend wasting to much time with Navy Pier- very touristy and crowded, with no place to eat. The Shakespeare company was good though. We enjoyed Millenium Park. I had been there for the grand opening and it was just as good, and less crowded than I had remembered. We stayed outside of the city for a week as my husband had business, and I was able to visit the botannical gardens, which are not to be missed. This is a huge garden and it is magnificent. There is an excellent outdoor train portion as well.	
Oct 29 2007 	Old World Charm	Stayed there for my birthday weekend and was taken back in time to Old Chicago! Great High Tea service and unbeatable lake views from rooms on that side of the hotel. Although it's showing its age a bit, there's still so much history &amp; charm around every corner. A wonderful departure from the normal tourist hotels. While you're there, head up to the 96th floor of the Hancock Tower for a cocktail and one of the best views you'll ever see.	
Oct 29 2007 	Pay full price and you will be treated well	The Drake is a nice location in Chicago, though needs some work inside. We booked through Priceline and thank the Lord we did. I can't imagine paying anymore than $120 a night for that dump. However, when you book through a discount hotelier be prepared to be treated like crap! The valet guys were great...but then again they didn't know we didn't pay to full $300+ full price a night. We asked to get 2 double beds and not a King (because we had 2 small children) and they refused to do that even though most hotels will do that simple change with Priceline patrons. They claimed none of the rooms in our group would accomodate more than 2 people (even with an airbed) but my sister got a large corner unit that would have(also booked on Priceline for $120). They lied... We booked 3 rooms there for the weekend because we had a wedding in town. I ended up &quot;selling&quot; my unit to a relative and got an even better room via Priceline at the Westin River North(see that review). Don't waste your time or your money at The Drake!	
Oct 15 2007 	Exactly as it says on the tin	Stayed at The Drake for five nights in October. It was recommended to us as an &quot;old classic Chicago hotel&quot; and that's exactly what it was. We booked a king lake view room and got an excellent large corner room with a lovely view. The hotel is full of it's old character, nice bar, good food and staff and overall we had a very enjoyable stay. It's in a great downtown location right next to the John Hancock on Michigan Ave. Don't book here if you're looking for something modern or trendy. It's an old world hotel and it met all our expectations.	
Sep 26 2007	Old and Unsatisfactory	We checked in very late at night, we had called ahead to tell them, and when we got up to our room, it was a very smelly smoking room with dirty carpet and paint peeling on the walls. The front desk did not let us know when we arrived it was smoking and then told us it was the only room available when we called down to change it. They did move us in the morning, we had to request again ourselves, but the room they moved us to also had dirty carpeting and paint peeling off the walls. You can tell what this hotel was once, but it is really worn out now- badly needs a face lift. On the positive, the bed was nice and fluffy.	
Sep 25 2007 	Historical "Yes" Needs Update	Yes the Drake is a very historical hotel in Chicago and that is why I wanted to stay there. However, historical you have to remember also means &quot;old&quot; and that is exactly what the Executive Suite on the 10th floor that I stayed in for a week was. The carpet was so old that what used to be an embossed design was evenly smoothe to the floor and discolored. The bathroom although it had a granite countertop still looked really worn by the wood trim and cracking around frames. The so called DSL you had to pay 16.00 a day did not work and I had to keep going down to the lobby in order to use the wireless connection. If you are going to put 2 beds in a room at least make sure that they are full size and not just an oversized twin...the towels felt like sandpaper...The staff was very accomadating and friendly.	
Sep 16 2007 	Love theDrake	I took vacation during July 4 for a few days in Chicago. I decided to stay at the Drake for its view of the Lake. Also, I don't want to look out the window and find myself staring into the rooms in other buildings. I stayed in one of the lake view rooms at the executive floor and it was exactly what I wanted. It had a fantastic full view of the lake and the Lake Shore Drive (see photos). The room was large, clean, meticulously decorated, and you can tell the hotel paid attention to every detail in the room. My luggage arrived promptly. Then a hotel staff brought water and a box of chocolate (free, in case you wonder!). I’ll definitely return next time I return to Chicago. The only drawback was that the parking at the hotel costed $42/day but you can park elsewhere and take the CTA train or walk.	
Sep 15 2007 	Lovely Hotel - great location	My husband and I spent last weekend at the Drake (Friday &amp; Saturday night). We were in Chicago for the weekend with friends. Very pretty hotel, fantastic location. Close to great shopping! Nice views of the lake from our room. We had high tea on Friday and it was really wonderful. Conceirge was fantastic. The only complaint I would have is that the it's impossible to close the door to your room without making a loud bang. So if you like to sleep late, just be aware that other people leaving their rooms earlier in the day will probably wake you up when they close their doors. I would stay at this hotel again... it has a great old time elegance	
Sep 14 2007 	Nice just not my style.	We visited Chicago courtesy of our in-laws, who surprised us by springing for a suite. The room was HUGE. Like, too huge. It would have been nice were there not so much wasted space. Our suite was on a corner, which may have made some of the difference, and it was quite oddly shapen. There was a large sitting area and large closet and wet bar. Additionally, there were two pulldown beds that sprung from the wall. It was a bit odd and it wasted a lot of space, as we did not need the extra beds. The bathroom, though well appointed, was quite small and that extra space would have helped there. The bed and furnishings were nice and well taken care of. Super comfy bedding with a nice duvet. Unfortunately, the armoire that contained the tv was in a location such that you could not see the tv from the bed, which is rather inconvenient. Our room had a view directly into the Louis Vuitton store, and you cannot beat the location. Immediately adjacent to the hotel is a large mall containing a Bloomingdale’s and several other high end boutique shops. The staff was incredibly friendly and professional. The hotel is older, but it is maintained well. The Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries are nice.One thing I did find rather annoying- you have to pay $10 to use the gym facilities. That is absolutely ridiculous. The gym is nice and new, but that should be included in the price of stay. We had brunch at the Sofitel Water Tower, which was wonderful. That hotel is a bit more modern and I think if we return to Chicago we will be staying there, but there is nothing wrong with the Drake. Just not my taste.	
Sep 9 2007 	Chicago great....Drake old and in need of a facelift	With so many awesome hotels in Chicago, I can't think of any reason to stay at the Drake. Our room was old, the furniture was beat up, the shower didn't work properly &amp; the carpet had seen better days. On our way home, the cabbie told us that most people he picks up at the Drake say the same thing. We had a great time in Chicago. Next time we will do more research and make sure we book a nicer/newer/cleaner place.	
Sep 5 2007 	Hilton Honors members treated llike 2nd class citizens	We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Drake. 2 nights were using Hilton Honors rewards points, and we added 1 night at our own expense. If you think the Drake loves their Hilton Honors member, you will be sadly disappointed. Judging by the reviews and photos posted on this site, we know that the Drake treats their Priceline customers better! Read on: Upon check in, we learned we would have to move after the first 2 nights, because we had booked our extra night in a different category of room than the room booked using our Hilton Honors points (we politely asked if we might be assigned to one room for our entire stay but were told no). Our 1st room was on the 5th floor, off a very small corridor, next to a fire escape. In fact, the fire escape platform was literally attached to our window. We also had a view of the mechanical system, but nothing else. The room itself was very tiny, and the carpet in the room was badly stained and soiled. There was mold growing around the shower bar and soap dish, and the tile grout looked like it needed some scrubbing. There was some fresh fruit and chocolate in the room to welcome us, and since we knew the hotel was fully booked for the evening, we settled in. The first evening, I hardly slept at all due to the air conditioner. It was a warm evening and every time the air conditioner fan turned off there was a loud Bang! It literally made me jump out of bed a couple of times during the night. I finally turned off the fan altogether and slept awhile. At 8am I called the front desk and asked for a new room or to have the maintenance people fix the AC. No offer for a new room, but maintenance did arrive within minutes and fixed the banging AC. We also asked for a morning paper (there's a note in the room saying one can be requested), but never received one once while we stayed in the 1st room. Fresh towels arrived one evening long after we had requested them, and long after I had wandered the halls to find them myself. Believe me, we felt pretty invisible and ignored! Kind of Harry Potter-ish. On the 3rd day, we were required to pack up all our belongings so that we could be moved to the room we had booked for our final evening. When we returned to the hotel that evening our bags had been moved to a large and lovely lakeview room. The carpet was clean, the bathroom was clean. There was no comparison between the rooms, in fact, at the moment we walked in to the 2nd room we realized how truly awful the first room was. And to think that we used a bundle of Honors points on a room that should not have been given to anyone! On the third day we were also told about the amenities available to Hiltons Honors members, although that information had not been shared previously. It was like all of a sudden they realized we were Diamond members. Too little, too late. On a better note, we had breakfast in the hotel, and it was wonderful. The maintenance people were prompt and efficient in fixing the AC problem when they were notified. The maids were friendly and polite. The concierge was helpful and gave good directions and suggestions. But if you want to feel pampered and safe and valued as a customer, find another hotel.	
Aug 22 2007 	She's still a grand old dame	We got the Drake for $107 for 8/13/07 to 8/17/07 from Priceline.At such a low rate, we thought they'd put us in a closet. They did not. No mention of Priceline at check-in. We did have to wait a bit for a NS King to be available so we went down to the Coq D'Or for some cocktails.Our room was L shaped with the bed in an alcove, and a couch, two chairs, desk and chair, small table and a mini-bar in the other part of the L. The TV was positioned on a bureau such that you could turn it to view from either the bed or the sitting area. We had a great view of the beach and lake. The concierge desk is quite useful. We had a lovely site seeing day thanks to the advice of John, who has a lovely British accent.The entire staff was top notch. We were very well treated.	
Aug 11 2007 	Love the Drake	Stayed at The Drake with 2 other couple for 3 nights and all of us could not have had a more enjoyable experience. The beauty and charm of the hotel is evident as soon as you walk into the lobby. Unlike many older hotels in the city, all the rooms we were given were very large even though we booked through Priceline. The service we received from everyone on the hotel staff was efficient and first-class in every way. Of course the location could not be better with it being within a short walk to Water Tower Place, Oak St. beach, Rush Street and all the stores and eateries along the Magnificent Mile. The Drake certainly deserves its 4 star rating and all of us would love to stay there again.	
Aug 6 2007 	Fabulous and chic hotel!	Had to go to Chicago and stayed at the Drake. The hotel itself was really beautiful and what you would imagine a grand hotel would be like. Our room faced the water which was very nice. Good size and clean. Obviously the location cannot be beat-you're close to everything! Concierge friendly and made us dinner reservations. It's not super deluxe but there is a distinct charm that cannot be replicated in some of the newer, more modern or fancier hotels in Chicago. Loved that Chanel was located in the hotel!	
Aug 2 2007 	Outstanding	My wife and I and another couple traveled from California to Chicago to tour the city and visit with some local friends. We booked the Drake and each couple had an executive suite with a decent view of the Lake.If you want a super modern hotel, this isn't it. If you like old world charm with dark wood, class and lots of history, this is the place.We enjoyed the lobby bar area as it functioned as a living room when we met our local friends. Nice to have a drink in a nice setting with a harpist. Very relaxing and you could have a conversation.We ate dinner at Drake Brothers Steak House. It wasn't very busy but the food was excellent. We are from wine country and were amazed that you could get a very nice Pinot Noir for $40 a bottle.Lunch and cocktails at Coq de Or were also fantastic.The staff was excellent with a few exceptions as there always are. Clara in the Executive Lounge on the top floor was wonderful. We felt like were in her home...lots of stories of past guests like Prince Charles, Sophia Loren etc. She is a 30+ year employee....that should tell you something.The doorman Carlos was the best. To say he is very attentive is an understatement. When I inquired about the impending taxi strike on the day we were to leave, he said if it wasn't resolved he would take us to the airport as it was his day off. He actually called our room the night prior to departure to schedule to pick us up. The cab strike was on and we were able to get a shuttle. But how many employees would offer to pick you up. Carlos has been at the Drake over 20 years.Pretty close to everything we wanted to see and do but we like to walk as well. Magnificent Mile, John Hancock Tower, bike rentals on the lake, Rush Street clubs...all within a few blocks.We met several other travelers and many make an annual trip to the Drake. We will probably join the list.	
Jul 21 2007 	Old School Charm nice hotel	Nice hotel. I got a deal through priceline so for the cost of my hotel stay it was definitely worth it. Very 1950s-1960s feel to the hotel. The 6 elevators in the hotel was a nice feature. We never had to wait more than a couple of minutes to either go up or down. The room was very spacious. It had multiple closets and a separate closet for the minibar. The bathroom, though, could've been a little bigger. The small CRT tv definitely needs to be updated. The bed was nice and firm. No problems sleeping at all. The AC in the room worked well. Overall, no real problems with the room. The conceirges at the hotel were definitely the most friendly people I've ever had to deal with in a hotel. Knowledgeable and funny. They knew their stuff and offered many tips that helped us out. The hotel is close to the Mag Mile and the Navy Pier which is great for anyone coming to visit Chicago. I would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 18 2007	Everything a hotel should be.	From start to finish, this hotel exceeded all my expectations. Having stayed here previously, I knew that I was getting a good deal.The Drake is elegant and has one of the most professional staffs out there. From the GM down to the doorman, this hotel will take care of you.Upon arriving, I was upgraded to the executive floor. The room had a great view of the lake shore and was extremely well appointed and comfortable. From the fine carpeting to the digital bathroom scale, the room was well thought out.After going for a stroll, I came back to the room to find a small surprise. The ice bucket had been filled by the staff and a refreshment had been chilled for me while I was out. They had even set out some fresh fruit and berries for me to munch on. The GMs card was left as well with a note to give him a call for any issue that might arise. This hotel was greatness.	
Jul 17 2007 	Good but unfortunately not great	We got the room on Priceline as part of a romantic getaway weekend, and was happy we got the Drake, but were weary that the hotel may have been past its prime. It may be. We were given a room facing the HVAC system, and which featured a size &quot;full&quot; bed, or something smaller than our bedroom at home. We think the room could have fita king size. The room was clean and the bathroom was well appointed, though the shower head hit we at the shoulders (I am 6'3&quot;), and was difficult to manipulate. The room did seem stuffy, and the thermostat never seemed to get to the temperature we were set at.The service we encountered was all good, and the common areas are beautiful. Room service, though pricey, was quick, and when they brought the wrong thing, corrected their mistake even quicker.	
Jul 14 2007 	Exceeded my expectations.	I stayed at the Drake July 11th for 2 nights. I booked on Priceline and was very surprised to have gotten the Drake. I read quite a few negative reviews on this site and was very worried I would get a dumpy room because of booking through Priceline. I called the hotel a couple weeks before arrival and asked for 2 beds. I was told hotel was sold out for the nights I was staying, but they'd do the best they could etc. I wrote an email to reservations indicating my Silver Hilton HHonors status and again requested double beds with upgrade request. Response came promptly indicating sold out nights again, but to inquire at check in for upgrade.Upon arrival, valet took car with a smile. Check-in was smooth. I asked for upgrade. Again told hotel was sold out and rooms had been assigned by superviser according to requests. I asked how big the rooms were, 150 sq ft? 200, 300? Clerk did not know but said room was comfortable. Was given room 219. Walked down long wide hallways with great anticipation. Opened the door and was very pleased. Room was nice size. View was very good. Faced Michigan Avenue. Extremely clean. Luxurious bed linens. My standard room came with 2 bathrobes. Large tv channel selection. Crabtree &amp; Evelyn toiletries. Awesome deal considering I got this for a steal on Priceline. Turn down service was prompt. Received excellent service throughout whole stay. Only qualm was valet was $43/per day but it is downtown Chicago and because I was traveling with a toddler, for sake of convenience, I didn't look into nearby parking garage options. $43 rate includes in/out priviliges. Took car out several times. Valet guys were quick in getting the car.I would definitely stay here again and would pay out of pocket direct to hotel if I got a good rate. Location is awesome!	
Jul 6 2007 	Nice...	We stayed in a single room with king size bed, on the back side of the building facing another building. However, if you looked out the window to the left you can see Lake Michigan!The bed was very comfortable, and the shower was very nice. However, I was a little disappointed that for $400 a night - I had shell out $7 for bottle water if I wanted it (I have been to other hotels that give complementary water when at this price range). As elegant as the room was, it was stuffy and little warm. We had our own thermostat and had it set to 68, but it did not feel as it was set on 68.Location of this hotel is great! Near the shopping and the beach, with plenty of activities to do in the area. Would I return to the hotel? Yes.Recommend it to friends? Yes.	
Jun 27 2007	Heart of Chicago	Elegant! A nd so close to many graet restaurants!.	
Jun 25 2007	Very nice...but needs some work on service	I'm just back from 3 nights at the Drake. The hotel is beautiful and pretty well maintained. It is very large and I wondered if all the elevators were working since you had to wait a very long time for them to arrive. My friend and I had a twin double and the room was a good size (although the bathroom was very small), as part of a bounceback weekend package. The package also included breakfast. The area is great. Lots of activity and shops, restaurants, etc. Areas for improvement were all around service. Check in took very long since there were only 2 people at the front desk (at 5 pm) and one ofthem attracted a lot of attention with her demands. We didn't receivethe right number of breakfast coupons (and the restaurant was not flexible about this) and so had to go back and wait in line again! The breakfast buffet was very nice (especially since it was included)but don't think I'd eat there if I had to pay the full $25 fee. Once you sat down and they collected your coupon, you never saw your waiter again (so had to really work to get a coffee refill...).	
Jun 24 2007 	One of the best!	This hotel is great! I went to Chicago for spring break in March in 2007 and stayed at the Drake hotel. The hotel is nice and big so if you want to explore then you better get your walking shoes. The room was nice and the lobby was too! My room was facing Lake Michigan and had cable TV. There was a fridge,and king sized bed,a closet,and a bathroom which include batrobes to wear. There was even a bed that you could put into the wall if you need more space. Next time I go to Chicago I'm staying at the Drake!(Oh yeah and you can buy the bathrobes for $80.00)	
Jun 24 2007 	A Pampering Oasis in a Frantic City	I was visiting Chicago for the Neocon exhibition and my wife and I came a few days early to enjoy the weekend and some (very cheap for Brits) shopping. We had some concerns about mixed reviews but this was my 4th visit to Chicago and I thought it was about time I experienced the famous Drake! We were allocated a 2nd floor room right on the corner over Michigan Avenue. This would have been ideal except we are English &quot;country people&quot; who like to sleep with the windows open! Chicago drivers (and cab drivers in particular) use their horns extensively at any time of the day and night. In addition, the fire service use their sirens constantly and those jarring bull-horns at every junction. There were 5 fires that night! With the windows closed, this wouldn't have been an issue.Next morning, we requested a room change to the back of the hotel and, without fuss, all our luggage was moved whilst we were out shopping and we were upgraded to an excellent room with two bathrooms, two queen beds, two TVs and a partial view across the lake. Thereafter, we slept with all 3 windows open and had no further problems. Both the rooms we used were in excellent decorative order.We had afternoon tea a couple of times in the Palm Court, a full evening meal in Drake Bros (with a table overlooking the lake) and a quick meal one evening in the Coq d'Or. In all cases, the food was excellent with prompt and courteous service. The portion sizes in Drake Bros. were a little overwhelming but this is something we have encountered many times in the U.S. over the years - we just always feel bad about so much good food going to waste.The Drake is an ideal location for &quot;Magnificent Mile&quot; shopping.	
Jun 20 2007 	Very pleasant stay despite endless hiccups	I recently attended a conference in Chicago and stayed at The Drake Hotel for 6 nights. The hotel lost my booking, found it and then lost it again on my arrival. I had pre-paid the full amount and confirmed this before arrival but unfortunately the hotel managed to lose the documentation, then found it and then managed to transfer the full amount on to someone else's credit card. I was also given the wrong level of room from the one I had booked. Despite all this I really enjoyed my stay. I hired a bike and cycled every day to the conference centre along dedicated paths beside the sea, through parks. Wonderful. Staff happily stored my bike every day. Breakfast was a treat though the staff may have been more helpful if they had stopped me after my 4th course. Very pleasant staff, lovely bar area which had a great camp feel, 2 restaurants (both I thought were rather poor). So despite the hotel appearing to try their best to ruin my stay I really enjoyed it!!	
Jun 15 2007 	Just Great!	What a wonderful hotel! I spent 4 days at the Drake in May '07 and have rarely experienced a better hotel. My room and its amenities were great, staff were welcoming and helpful and I found all aspects of my stay to have been a delight. The Drake will certainly be my hotel of choice when I'm next in Chicago.	
Jun 2 2007 	Historic Hotel in need of a renovation	I stayed here during a yearly business trip in March. This was my first stay at The Drake. While the lobby and the hallways are very clean and shiny, my room was not. The carpeting was a dingy green that was matted and stained from years of use. I would not walk on the carpet without at least wearing shoes. The lighting in the room was dim and not helped by the fire escape located right outside my window on the fifth floor. That did not really matter though because the windows do not open anyway, and they had the kind of glass that is frosted with chicken wire embedded in it on the bottom half. It was best just to keep the curtains closed. Oddly my room door was approached by turning into a very narrow hallway off of the main hallway. The hallway was about 15ft long and only wide enough for one person to fit at a time to enter the room. I did not have neighbors, so I cannot comment on the noise. Rather my room felt very isolated, and I did not feel completely safe in it being down the little hallway and with the fire escape door right next to it. I would not choose to stay here again. I gave it two stars because the hotel outside of my room was quite lovely and they clearly spent time and money on it. It's just a shame I could not say the same about my room.	
May 21 2007 	Disappointing experience due to The Drake's infrastructure problems	This review is based on a stay from 4/8/07 to 4/14/07. The hotel has some nice features, but my spouse and I reluctantly give the Drake two thumbs down. The Drake has two major infrastructure problems, so avoid this hotel.1. The party walls between rooms are crackerbox thin. There is no sound insulation. At the Drake, we heard our neighbors cough, sneeze, belch, pass gas, and rustle plastic bags. We heard their conversations and their TV sounds, even when the neighbors were reasonably quiet and considerate. This problem goes both ways: This is not a romantic hotel, since your neighbors will hear all of your lovemaking sounds! 2. If you are in Chicago when room heating is required, including early April, bring a portable space heater, or stay elsewhere. The Drake's ancient ductwork blows cool air directly onto the bed. Maybe the ventilation feels OK in the summer.In summary: The Drake has good employees and a handsome cosmetic veneer. But the positive aspects are overwhelmed by the flawed infrastructure. A plea to the owner, Hilton Hotels: Please devote the neccessary tens of millions of dollars to a major infrastructure makeover.	
May 15 2007 	Don't Pass This One Up if you like the Ambiance of Years Gone By	We spent 4 nights at the Drake in room 329 (partial lake view)via Priceline. If I could be sure that every Priceline Bid wouldbe at a place like the Drake, I wouldn't hesitate to do it everytime. Since this was my first Priceline experience, I'llstill be cautious. Anyway, The Drake was superb. Our roomwas spacious, check-in was expeditious, room service wasprompt (with good food), but expensive as you might expect.The room was made up promptly each day. We did not optfor the evening turn down (which you must request). Gettingback to the room, even comparing to more modern hotels, itwas quite large and in great shape. The bed was extremelycomfortable, The bathrooom was large and we had a foyerwith a very large closet.. My wife opted to have High Tea inthe Palm room. I opted to have a very good martini. It was anexperience that every couple should share.. An excellent Harpplayer, all the opulence of days gone by , very good serviceand the finger sandwiches were not all bad (particularyly with a good martinii). Since we rented a car on our last day inChicago, we had the pleasure of using Valet Parking at thetune of $41.00 per day, but I must say, they were prompt inpicking up and retrieving our car. All in all, The Drake is anexperience to enjoy in an excellent location on Michigan AVe.at the beginning of the &quot;Miracle Mile&quot;. We travel to Chicagoevery couple years and we'd do The Drake again withouthesitation.	
Apr 24 2007 	Fantastic tourist or business location	Great for a weekend getaway. Management upgraded us to a junior suite overlooking Michigan Ave. for $70 a night. We had a low corporate rate to begin with, so the value was excellent. Front desk and bell service made us feel welcome. The suite was really one very large room with two pull down murphy beds, which would have been good for small children. There was an enormous wedding whose masses detracted from the ambiance and overall experience of the common areas. Our room was surrounded by wedding guests, and late night smoking infiltrated our non smoking floor bathroom. I bet the conference/wedding scale is not an unusual experience. We checked out much more expensive Penninsula, and their service and client base were more sophisticated. Overall, the Drake is a great old school hotel.	
Apr 22 2007 	Maginificent Mile Rave	A surprise 60th birthday gift of an overnight stay at the Drake was the beginning of a lovely, lovely weekend. I have lived in Chicago all of my life and have never stayed at this wonderful hotel. Location of the Drake is outstanding, the lobby is elegant, the Coq d'Or Lounge had lovely musical entertainment, my room had a wonderfully comfortable bed and linens, the hallways and room were quiet. The occasional honking of an outside car was part of the urban ambience for me. Others might not appreciate that. In that case, request a room with a Lake Michigan view.It is a pricey hotel, but special pricing is sometimes offered.I would stay there again in a heartbeat!	
Apr 13 2007 	Attentive and caring!	The Drake Hotel is in a class of its own. Last month I had a reunion with four dear friends at the Drake. One of them misplaced her coat somewhere in the hotel. We asked for help in tracking it down. The concierge and housekeeping staff went above and beyond. While we were at dinner a few blocks away, Cynthia from the housekeeping department delivered the coat to the restaurant. This was truly a considerate thing to do and something you don't expect, unless you're staying at the Drake! By the way the rooms are beautuful, and everyone on staff is helpful.	
Apr 7 2007 	A Grand Hotel	I stayed at the Drake with my husband for a get-away in December. This was our second visit the Drake and we were not disappointed. When we checked-in they said welcome back. Let me say up front we a Hilton Gold members and each time we were upgarded to a large room (might be a junior suite) on the executive floor, which might color my review. The room was lovely and elegant -- crown molding, rich fabrics, a sofa and chairs, bathrobe and slippers and about every amenity you can think of in the bathroom. The heating was a tad bit noisy. The bed, oh the bed. I usually look forward to my own bed after a hotel stay, but the Drake beds are truly heavenly, at least for me. I slept so well! Overall, the room and lighting were just sooo comfortable just visiting for a second time felt like home. The staff were all gracious and in the morning at the executive lounge the hotel manager came by to see how we enjoyed our stay. When we were checking out, as our parking was being validated, he came by again to make sure we weren't delayed. Great Service. The executive lounge has an absoutely wonderful view of Oak St. beach and Lake Michigan. It's a great place to unwind for appetizers and drinks. After dinner we we there again for a nightcap. Lovely furniture and muted lighting. The food was of high quality (salmon, good cheeses, fruit &amp; veggies) and the service was great. The only drawback, if you need a pool, there is none. We will be back for another get-away.	
Mar 27 2007 	Nice Hotel	We booked 3 rooms for 5 nights March 20-25.Each room was a very comfotable size with decent size bathrooms. The hotel is old and not modernized as the big name and boutique hotels you usually find in big cities.With that in mind,If you go to the hotel with realistic expectations you will be pleasantly surprised.The views each room had were outstanding.That is when we could see,very foggy week. On the down side of the rooms were the fact that you could not control the temperature.I could never get comfortable.The temperature was set on 60 the entire time and It was more like 85.We had the window open (3 inches) as far as it would open and never cooled the room.One of our friends finally ordered a fan for each room and that helped with sleep a little.The rooms were clean and housekeeping did a nice job and the rooms were cleaned early.I had one complaint( to my friends) that my glass globes in the bathrooms had one inch thick dust on each of them.When they looked at the ones in their rooms it was the same.Easy to clean,as they could have been lifted right off and wiped down.That hadnt been done in years. Oh well.The concierge is useless.Go to another hotel for the use of their concierge,it would be quicker and more helpful.He was on the phone the entire time and never looked up.We finally left the line to go find our destination on our own. Terrible attitude on another stop by another time in the lobby.I also would mention the horrible service in the Coq dor Restaurant.We ordered drinks and 45 minutes of trying to stop the waiter for our orders,we finally paid and left.Pretty bad that we left the property to go to another property to spend money because we couldnt get someone to wait on us.Regardless,we had a good time,we probably would stay here again If only for the weekend.	
Mar 8 2007 	A Very Special Place	This hotel is wonderful. Yes, some of the other reviews talk about the size of the rooms, but this hotel offers many things you can't find anymore. The lobby is amazing, the staff is wonderful, the service is great, but more than anything else, this hotel oozes elegance.There are many four and five star hotels to choose from in Chicago, but this is the only one that makes you feel like you've stepped into another time and place. It is a real treat. The front desk has umbrellas, the bar and lounge area is wonderful, it's recommendations for dinner were outstanding.Don't miss this one.	
Jan 18 2007 	Not much tops this ol' Grand Dame hotel...	Let me say that I am very high maintenance about hotel rooms - I pick them apart from top to bottom so trust me I scour TripAdvisor reviews when choosing a hotel. My boyfriend thinks I am nuts but that is another story...haha.In all my experiences at the Drake this doesn't happen - I have to search for flaws and if found they are minute.The Drake is a wonderful hotel that is comfortable, very clean, has the old-world elegant feel to it. I tend to stay in mainly at 4* hotels (Westins, Sheratons, etc.) and I will pay a premium for location, comfort, &amp; amenities/luxury.I stayed here once on business for 2 weeks in 2003 and thoroughly enjoyed the service, level of comfort &amp; location. I love these old Grand Dame hotels - hotels like the Plaza in NYC &amp; the Royal York in Toronto, and such. Ones that were built in the early 1900s and that are chock full of beautiful architectural details and have hosted Kings and Queens. The Drake is no exception.I decided to take a quick trip to Chicago this weekend and despite the fact I knew I'd get a much newer room with a glitzier lobby &amp; perhaps more trend at the Ritz or Four Seasons or Park Hyatt but I opted for the relaxed, old school hotel with good service with a smile from the staff at the Drake. There is nothing to compare it to in Chicago. Take a look at my pictures!A few highlights: -we got a great deal on a Deluxe King room - $175 per night versus $300+ for the 5* hotels in town.-great location on the &quot;Miracle (shopping) Mile&quot; on Michigan, overlooking Lake Shore Drive and the lake. Our room had a view onto the lake, one block away from the John Hancock Tower.-super comfortable Hilton beds (this is a Hilton hotel after all)-elegant yet comfortable room furnishings-the bathroom was OK but large and slightly uninspired, BUT the towels were I think the softest I have used in any hotel in the past few years-the bath towels &amp; bathrobes were sooo soft &amp; comfortable which was a nice surprise-the concierge couldn't be nicer &amp; went out of her way to help us with finding a local hair salon for my partner &amp; getting me an umbrella so I could make a after dinner run to the Cheesecake Factory (a guilty pleasure of mine) for some dessert.-free breakfast with the Hilton Honors program was included in our reservation - though the buffet was 6.5 out of 10 (though the French Toast was delicious!) it did include all the basics, including a chef preparing fresh omelettes.If you're going to stay at the 5* in Chicago, the Four Seasons or Ritz, go ahead because the Drake won't surpass them in terms of luxury or swankiness. Can some of the in-room furnishings be updated, yes, can the bathroom have heated towel racks, yes. But if you want a beautiful historical 4* hotel with beautiful public spaces, excellent restaurants, solid service (with a smile), very very affordable luxury, very comfortable and elegant rooms, and an unbeatable location, stay at the Drake.	
Jan 5 2007 	Very good but not up to par with other 4-star hotels in the area	Comparing this hotel to other 4-star hotels in Chicago, as well as the 3-star Palmer House, I found the Drake to be very good overall but lacking in a few areas.On the positive side, the lobby is beautifully and tastfully decorated, and the hotel is in good repair despite its age. The front desk was well staffed, and the hospitality level was fairly high. And the rooms were well-sized and nicely furnished.On the negative side, the air conditioning or thermostat did not work (which was not that big of a deal in the winter, but the room get too hot for my preference). Also, there were some ugly stains on the curtains and wall paper. But most disappointingly, when I was checking out and needed some shipping tape to seal a box, the first concierge and desk clerks that I spoke to told me they didn't have anyway. Later, I spoke to a second concierge and she found me some, but I was a little unhappy that several staff members turned me away so easily. Other four-star hotels would have made more of an effort in little matters like this.So overall, the Drake is a fine hotel. If you want an immaculate room and top-notch service, you'd do better at some other places, such as the Sofitel, but you can't go that wrong at the Drake.	
Jan 1 2007	Staying at the Drake is a Treat	The Drake is a beautiful hotel with old-world style and charm, at the same time encompassing modern ammenities. It is especially beautiful to stay here during the Christmas season - the lobby looks exquisite with the ornamental Christmas tree, and the sound of the beautiful harp music coming from the Palm Court, where they serve excellent and delicious afternoon teas. Checkin is usually at 3PM, but we were graciously checked into a room at 10AM, having arrived from a long flight. Stayed in a Deluxe King room facing Michigan Avenue - very spacious, comfortable and charming.One of the best advantages of staying at the Drake is its fantastic location - walking distance from luxury boutiques and department stores, restaurants and city attractions. I would definitely recommend staying at this hotel.	
Dec 26 2006 	Wonderful hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Drake Hotel in Chicago Dec. 15th and 16th. We had a wonderful stay. The hotel lobby was decorated for Christmas which made it even more beautiful . We booked a Bounceback Package which included an excellent breakfast buffet. There was an extensive array of choices which included fresh fruits, omlets, sausages, hot and cold cereal etc. Everything was great. I would highly recommend this package. Our room was large. We had a king bed and a wonderful lake view. We even had time to walk along the beach. The location is excellent. We could walk to all the stores, Rush Street and even to the Navy Pier(which is a little far). Cabs are plentiful . We used the mass transit system ,too.The doormen and concierge were extremely helpful and friendly.The people at the front desk were a bit too formal and stiff.I would highly recommend staying at the DRAKE. The hotel is older- which I liked because it gave you a nostalgic feeling. Everything was CLEAN and polished. I will return again and again. The Drake is our hotel of choice when we visit Chicago.	
Dec 9 2006 	Not what I expected for the name	Came for some Magnificent Mile time, was a beautiful lobby, of course location was decent, my corporate discount was amazing, and the views were gorgeous. Room was horribly small, AC unit was too loud to sleep, and staff was slow.I think they cared too much about their name and not enough about today. I would have been really upset if I paid close to the regular rate.	
Dec 8 2006	Everything was wonderful!	I stayed at the Drake for 3 nights from Dec 3 through Dec 6 while attending a conference at the hotel directly accross the street, the Millenium Knickerbocker. I had read the negative reviews about the Knickerbocker, and decided to stay at the Drake. What a delightful experience! The Drake is truly a classy place, in the tradition of grand old hotels. The lobby was beautiful, and the rooms were exceptionally comfortable and very large. Although the carpet was just a bit worn, everything was clean as can be and in excellent repair. After venturing outside in frigid temperatures, it was great to slip into the plush robes that were provided, then later crawl into the extra comfortable, warm bed! I ate at the Cape Cod room in the hotel while there, which was perfect. (Also ate away from the Hotel at The Chicago Chop House (wonderful), Carmines (delicious) and Gino's East (perfect pizza!)). The staff at the hotel were very helpful and pleasant. I would definately stay here again.	
Dec 1 2006	Is the Drake resting on its laurels?	i recently stayed at the drake for four nights.i have to agree that the property - once you get past the grand lobby area - is in need of a good steamcleaning.the bathroom, while large, felt outdated and dingy.the beds and furnishings have seen better days.my overall feeling was that the property needs one giant upgrade.however, the workout rooms were very nice, airy and well-appointed.	
Nov 19 2006	Couldn't have been better...	After visiting the hotel for tea on a short trip to visit friends in Chicago as a college student, I decided one day I'd come back to stay at the hotel. I booked a room for a romantic weekend with my husband and really looked forward to it until I read several reviews on this website that left me feeling pretty nervous that our room would have threadbare carpets, tired furniture, etc. Nothing could have been further from the truth. Our room was absolutely lovely - a deluxe room which was quite roomy and had new carpet, linens, and drapes. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The lobby was gorgeous. The best part for me was the hotel's historic feel. It felt like something more than &quot;Joe-fancy hotel.&quot; I highly recommend enjoying afternoon tea in The Palm Court. The food is delicious, the setting elegant, and the harp music will soothe even the most stressed-out traveler. We'll be returning to The Drake the next time we're in Chicago.	
Nov 14 2006 	Terrible service	Nice lobby, and the lobby restaurant. But rooms are old, sound isolation is bad (rooms are seperated each other by doors, and you can hear the next door easily). But above all, service is very very very very bad!! Was there on business trip, but I would not spend my own one penny there!!	
Nov 14 2006 	Awesome stay at the Drake!!!	I was at the Drake from November 5-9, 2006, and I have to say that it was the best hotel I've ever stayed in. I was in Chicago for an engineering conference at another hotel. I got a great deal on airfare and hotel through hotwire. The rooms were good-sized and exceptionally clean. The beds were great, and the lobby was like something out of a movie. The best part about our stay was the complimentary limo service (within a certain number of blocks from the hotel). Our driver, PJ, was awesome! I can't say enough good things about the Drake.	
Nov 7 2006 	VERY faded glory!	Old rooms, bad service, elevators that were so slow and antiquated that you practically aged standing waiting for them, dirty bathroom and especially the toilet - asked 4 times to have it cleaned but to no avail. Noisy air-con system, dirty floors.....generally just really bad and not a pleasure at all to be staying there - You need a face-lift Drake!	
Nov 2 2006 	Charming Visit	The Drake is always wonderful. Physically it is not the most modern hotel in Chicago, but the charm and level of service is excellent. We stayed in a deluxe king overlooking the lake and the beach. What a view!! The bed and linens were excellent. The bathroom though &quot;vintage&quot; was sparkling clean. Actually it's look and fixtures are back in style again. The doorman truely remembered us and would start-up our conversation where we left off previously. The concierge also was very helpful with restaurant reservations and finding the appropriate plug adapter for my cell phone charger. We go to Chicago three or four times a year and stay at different hotels based upon our activities but my daughters and I always have tea at the Drake. It is very relaxing after a long day. In my opinion the front desk at all Hilton Hotels could be better staffed and more efficient. This is also true for the Drake. However, this is the only negative about our whole experience and is easy to overlook by all the other good points. An overall excellent place to stay.	
Oct 30 2006 	The Drake is wonderful!	Just returned from a 5-night stay. With just one exception, everything about the Drake was absolutely wonderful. Reading the TA reviews, I have a very difficult time accepting some reviewers' negative comments as referring to the same hotel as the one in which I stayed. The only exception to an absolutely wonderful experience was the drainage in the bathtub/shower; I did experience very slow drainage, which meant that there were 4-5 inches of standing water in the tub by the time I completed my shower. But, other than this (which is somewhat understandable in an 86-year-old hotel), I found the Drake charming, spotlessly clean, and in a wonderful location. My room was beautiful, spacious, and had a lovely view of Oak Street Beach. The bed was the most comfortable that I have ever experienced. Staff were universally friendly and helpful. I will look forward to the opportunity to stay here again.	
Oct 23 2006 	Wonderful	Great location, Wonderful rooms and Outstanding service.	
Oct 4 2006 	Wonderful Stay........	We stayed at the Drake the weekend of Sept 22-24 while in town for my cousins wedding.. First off what a great location.. We stepped into the hotel and were greeted my wonderful staff. We were up on the executive level and was well worth the $&gt;.. Unlimited cocktails in the afternoon along w/ appetizers. Our room was enourmous, almost the size of 2 rooms, we had a large sitting area, couch, coffee table, seperate dressing room and a large walk in closet. This was just the King Deluxe room not a suite...We had room service the first nite, the food was good and it was fun eating off a table set in nice linens they wheeled in the room.. All in all what a great stay and look forward to staying there again.	
Sep 29 2006 	Disappointment	Saw reviews and was very excited to go to the Drake.Positives: Good Location, Quick check in, easy check out.Negative: * Very Expensive (paid $700 for 2 nights), *Thin walls - You can hear other people's showers, people in their bathrooms, *Our room was next to the storage room - so we constantly heard a door open and shut, *our room was very small- I have had a bigger room at a Best Western or a Marriott*Misleading information on their website- Their website says they have the internet but when you log on you find out that they charge $11 to your room (who charges for the internet).*Can only use the gym for a fee- again who charges for a gym*None of the hotel staff spoke to us	
Sep 26 2006	Definately do the Drake	My daughter and I recently stayed at The Drake Hotel for a week. We not only fell in love with this grand hotel, but it was just one reason to go back to Chicago again and again. The Drake is situated right on beautiful lake Michigan and is walking distance to many stores as well as the &quot;el&quot; station. We enjoyed above average service at the Drake, including complimentary champagne and ice cream at The Coq D'Or, beautiful plushy robes, and a staff with a real sense of humor after my daughter overflowed the stately, but small tub. We had more fun enjoying details such as benches in the elevator and fragrant bouguets in the lobby than we ever would have with another sterile pool or cookie cutter room. We will definately go again.	
Sep 15 2006 	Great Location @ a Historic Hotel	I just returned from a 1 week stay at the Drake and was pleased that the hotel has retained some of it's grandeur. My husband &amp; I were married there 25 years ago. The lobby is still beautiful (exceptional flower arrangements) as well as the Palm Court which serves afternoon tea and has a harpist playing there most afternoons. We were also there on Saturday night when they had a small band &amp; singer for those that cared to dance. Breakfast was quite expensive in the Drake Brothers but on Tuesday nights they have buy 1 steak get one for .01. A group of us went Tuesday night and had great steaks. The service at the hotel was excellent from the front desk to the doorman to the great concierges (my husband used them extensively to book several dinners for large parties, at the last minute). The hotel also offered complimentary limo service (book in advance) to area places as well as to the airports. The only downside that we saw was that the rooms could use a little freshening up. Our carpet was a little threadbare as was the furniture. The bed was wonderful and the bathrooms were clean (altho there was a little problem getting a consistent temperature in the shower, you could get scalded). While in Chicago we had some great meals, including Coq d'Or (piano music at night) and the Drake Brothers at the Drake. We also ate at Shaw's Crab House, the Saloon, Hugo's Frog, Fulton's on the River, Ballo ( a part of the Rosebud organization), Carnivale (wonderful latin food), Marigold (the best Indian food I have ever had), Tuscany (in little Italy), Heaven on 7 for cajun and the best meal we had was at Catch 35(my husband actually had dinner there 2 nights), great fish and on Sunday nights 1/2 priced wine on select bottles. I have heard that the Drake property has been sold to an investment group but that Hilton will still manage the hotel. I hope that they are able to retain it's elegance and update the rooms in the process. I would stay here again. The location is wonderful and the staff is great!!!	
Sep 6 2006	What a treat!	What more could you want when waking up in Chicago than to look out your window at Oak Street Beach and Lake Michigan? Our room, a junior suite, was wonderfully large and furnished nicely. The bed was heavenly to sleep on and I wanted to take the pillows home with me. The only complaint was a very slow draining bathtub/shower. The Crabtree &amp; Evelyn toiletries were a nice amenity. Staying at The Drake is like stepping back in time to a grander more genteel way of life. While we were there, we read where the hotel had been sold but would still be managed by Hilton properties. The junior suite entitled us to the Concierge floor where we enjoyed a nice continental breakfast each morning overlooking Lake Michigan. The service was excellent on all levels. They just don't make wonderful hotels like this one anymore.	
Aug 29 2006 	Wonderful hotel	I was attending a conference at the Drake. The hotel was very elegant. The staff were so very helpful and knowledgeable. I was traveling alone so I was a little apprehensive about seeing the sights by myself. The staff gave me wonderful advice on where to go and what to do. The room was beautiful with an old hotel feel. The meals that were provided for our conference were delicous as well. I also took advantage of room service which was quickly delivered to my room and was piping hot and very tasty. I had an awesome 3 days and nights at the Drake. I would recommend it to anyone wanting to experience the &quot;Old Hotel&quot; charm that for the most part seems to be long gone and forgotten.	
Aug 29 2006 	Excellent Hotel	My wife and I redeemed some Hilton points for 1 night at the Drake and were not disappointed. I've stayed any many Hiltons and must say that this is the most historic hotel I've ever been at. While the room was enough for me and my wife it wasn't the largest we've been in as we usually get upgraded for being a Hilton Diamond member. However, we had a lakeside view which was very impressive. The living room was spacious and the twin beds were very comfortable, plus the closet was very big. Also, the consierge at the Drake was extremely helpful and knowledgable about the Chicago area. This hotel is very convienent if you are going to look around the north area of Chicago. It is a stone's throw away from the John Hancock building and across the street from the Chicago Harbor and Lake Shore Drive. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago.	
Aug 25 2006	Grand Old Hotel	My sister and I met for a weekend in Chicago and used Hotwire for a 4-star hotel near the &quot;Magnificent Mile&quot;. We were pleased to get the Drake and I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again. It has an old-fashioned elegance. Our room was very satisfactory. We had 2 beds and felt like they were bigger than twin size but smaller than full. Not sure this is possible, so maybe they were just extra-long twin? Very comfortable with nice bedding. We were on the east side of the hotel, could see a little of Lake Michigan from one of our 2 windows. I think if you were on the North side you would have a better view. Crabtree and Evelyn bath products. Staff at the bell desk and concierge were very pleasant and accomodating. Excellent location for shopping and many nice restaurants nearby -- expensive ones, but also more neighborhood-type places. The carpet looked like it was from the 60s or 70s, but actually still in good shape. No complaints. We peeked into the room across the hall from us when the maid was cleaning, and it looked much smaller than ours, so like many older hotels I would guess there is a lot of variation in rooms so you don't know what you might get. We paid $127 on Hotwire, more like $150 with taxes and felt like that was a great price.	
Aug 15 2006 	Great Hotel!	I stayed 2 nights and booked 2 rooms for a family girls (7 of us)weekend. The rooms were very spacious, beds were extremely comfortable from the king bed, full beds to the queen murphy bed and the pullout sofa. We had the &quot;Family Rooms&quot;, one with 2 bathrooms which 4 girls (aged 22 to 13) shared and they loved every minute! Afternoon tea was outstanding - I felt like I was in London again. The entire staff was smiling, pleasant, courteous and extremely helpful. We had to wait 45 mins for one of our rooms to be ready, but they gave each of us a complimentary card ($20 each) to use in the bar. The food is outstanding, especially breakfast. The entire hotel is beautiful and elegant, with the largest floral displays I've seen. The location is perfect and the view of the lake was outstanding. We've decided to make this an annual trip and will certainly stay at the Drake next year.	
Aug 1 2006 	Great place to stay	Reading all of these reviews made me very nervous. I lived in Chicago for many years, so the idea of staying at the Drake for our recent visit was exciting- it is a famous and historical hotel. In my opinion, the reviews on Trip Advisor are very harsh. We stayed for 3 nights. Had a room on the 6th floor facing north (view of Oak Street Beach). The bathroom had obviously been recently redone- marble tile and very clean. The only thing I can nit-pick about is the carpet- it was a little warn. The bed was so comfortable and clean- white linens/duvet cover. Everything was clean and fresh. We usually stay at hotels such as the Sofitel or W, and the Drake was comparable. We paid a very competitive rate of $219, and for this hotel, I imagine I would pay up to $299 a night. Very nice stay overall- no complaints!	
Jul 16 2006	So Romantic	My husband and I celebrated our 17th Wedding Anniversarry at The Drake Hotel, Chicago. At first after reading reviews here, I came close to cancelling my reservation and just rebook at a different hotel. Since The Drake is a well known romantic hotel, we gave it a try anyway. For a 80 year old hotel, the Drake has preserved its elegance.The hotel was lovely..My husband and I love how the lobby was set up and decorated. Our room was nicely decorated, clean and had a wonderful view of Lake Michigan. And staff - very very nice and welcoming. The Doorman Jay was so helpful, after giving us our luggage claim tickets, he directed us to the Front Desk. Bell attendant Octavio right away asked if I needed assistance with my carry on luggage and welcomed us to the hotel. Check in was fast and smooth thank you to the wonderful receptionist Valarie who welcomed us right away with a smile and a faboulous room. Housekeeper was friendly. Room Service staff and Restaurant Staff were nice and friendly. Everything was great. Concierge was indeed knowledgeable and helpful. Express checkout was a great convenience for us as well.The room was lovely, more than we expected. The bed was so comfortable and the room was well cleaned. The Restaurants especially the Cape Cod Restaurant is my favorite. Breakfast Buffet at the Drake Brothers was reasonable @ 22/pax because the food was just great.Overall, we really enjoyed our stay at the Drake Hotel. We will return to Chicago and certainly stay here again.	
Jul 9 2006	Great location wonderful stay!	My fiance and I just got back last night from five nights at The Drake - our first time in Chicago. As for the location, we thought at first that The Drake was far away from the heart of the city, but we're from Boston and we're not used to such a far-reaching city. We based that assumption on the distance (half a mile? maybe more) between The Drake and the touristy hotspot Navy Pier. We soon learned, however, that there's so much to do right around the hotel - the beach, the upscale restaurants on North Rush, the less upscale bars at Rush and Division. So while The Drake is a good walk from Navy Pier and the river area, it's still in a great spot. The hotel itself is elegant and classic. There are many new trendy boutique hotels in the city, but it was cool to stay in such a Chicago landmark. Our room was on the small side, but it was still lovely, and we think it was abnormally small compared to most rooms (our friends were in a very standard room that was good sized). In the past we've stayed in very nice hotels - The Ritz, The Fairmont, the St. Francis in San Francisco - and the Drake measured right up. We had a great stay and look forward to going back!	
Jun 25 2006 	Highs 	In from Toronto &amp; spent a week combined business/pleasure w/ my wife. High points; breakfast buffet was fresh. Service at F desk/concierge/bellhop/cleaning staff/door staff all acceptably good.Great location,good florist &amp; quality bath extras.Impressive banquet, foyer &amp; Palm Court areas.Bed &amp; bedding comfy.Cape Cod Room staff &amp; dining excellent. Historical feel comes through, certainly. Low points; tired room carpeting &amp; furniture,poor bath drainage,&amp; we felt The Drake is asking top-dollar for what is given (you will not come away thinking &quot;wow,what great value!&quot;). NOTE The Palmolive Bldg is in the process of becoming condos. Because Walnut is a very narrow street, those condos will have a great view into rooms on the Drakes' SOUTH side, so at some point I think it would be advisable, privacy-wise, to try your best to get rooms on the north or west side. P.S. This was my second trip to Chicago, which is my fave US city (as it is now for my wife,too) &amp; many thanks to the Chicago people who have made both trips all the better.	
Jun 19 2006 	This should be a 'Two Star' Hotel	The Drake &quot;used&quot; to be one of Chicago's finest hotels. Well, it's not today. Hotel rooms are dirty and very tired. The first room I checked into had long hair in the bath tub and the carpet had stains on it. I checked into another room to find it clean, yet very in need of touch up. Details like caulking in the bathroom needing a bleach pen. The tub didn't drain and I ended up showering with four inches of water. Carpets needed to be replaced. If it wasn't during the Neocon convention I would have changed hotels.The entire place needs a face lift. Housekeeping staff woke me up every morning talking so loud it was almost shouting. The worst part was the lady was discussing getting her tubes tied to her friend that was down the hall....at 8am. In addition, the walls are paper thin and I could here the couple having sex and talking next door.It's a shame that such an amazing landmark has gone downhill. I wouldn't recommend staying at The Drake. The only benefit of staying here, is it's close to everything. However, there are tons of hotels in the area.	
Jun 15 2006	Drake Hotel	Stayed for 2 nights at the Drake, supposed to say 5 but checked out early, and move to The Penisula. The only thing nice I can say about the Drake is the that view is spectacular, otherwise the place is an overpriced dump.	
Jun 15 2006 	Amazing!!!	The largest rooms of any hotel ever! Amazing service, perfect location - worth every penny!	
Jun 2 2006	The Drake Hotel did not impress me	For the price we paid, the Drake Hotel did not impress me. This hotel has a lot of history. There is a little display on the ground floor next to the elevator about how Queen Elizabeth, Prince Phillip and Lady Diana have all stayed at the hotel. Each room has a history book in it, too, so that you can read about the history of the place. From that aspect, it was interesting to stay at The Drake. But I have paid a lot less and gotten better service and nicer surroundings elsewhere than we had at The Drake. We had reserved a king bed and upon check in we were offered two over-sized twin beds. When we were unhappy, we were offered a queen bed. When we were STILL unhappy, they &quot;found&quot; a king room for us. The rooms were spacious. The shower was incredibly difficult to figure out. The handle that we thought turned it on would not move. After pounding it and nearly breaking it off the wall, we got it to turn on. We never ate at the hotel because it was overpriced. $21 for breakfast buffet? I would not bother staying there again. There are too many other hotels in the same area.	
May 29 2006	Unbelivable location location location	The Drake hotel-what can I say. Unbelivable. We travel often/tons- for pleasure-and this was one of the best. Definately as nice as the Ritz, 4 Seasons, etc. but with years of history. We like top of the line hotels and this was it. The beds were so comfy. Goose down duvet. Nice large baths w/granite tops and floors. Gorgeous lobby, great door people, great staff. Most beautiful and huge flower arrangements that I have ever seen in the lobbies. I will never again go to Chicago without staying at the Drake. One block from the beach. 1 mile or less from Navy Pier. Also on Michigan Ave which is the best street. Take your walking shoes. We probably walked at least 40 miles in 7 days. Rooms are nicely updated. Large closets. No balconies or jacuzzi tubs but that's the new stuff. If you're looking for the best location in town and a hotel with a &quot;past&quot; definately the DRAKE is the place to stay. It's good enough for the Queen of England and Al Capone it's good enough for me.	
May 18 2006	Happy New Year	Love it Love it Love it!! Go for the unique and historical..The Drake is just..classy! It takes you outside the modern world..although it is modern. Classic is timeless..and so it doesn't need to change. And I hope it never does! We stayed over New Years for 3 nights and had a lovely room..very spacious and elegant. The bed is by far the most comfortable I have evef slept in. We wanted to take it with us. We bought the robes..those were very fine. If you can, stay on the Executive level. It added so much to our experience. You can access it all the time..but breakfast is available and also pre-dinner apps and cockatails..all included. The room has internet access for free, and supplies the perfect atmosphere for intimate conversation and meeting people. The drinks include all cocktails, soft drinks and various wines, and the apps were great...veggies and dips, fruits, cheese and crackers, salmon, nuts, a variety, There is something about this hotel that makes you feel &quot;Somewhere In Time&quot;..just happy walking in and out. The restaurants are all awesome and have actually been there for many years. Many of the employees have also been there many years which I think adds so much to the charm and timelessness of the hotel. The seafood is great..the views of Lake Michigan..the staff very nice. When you have afternoon tea (which is pricey..but worth the experience)..it is so cute to see little girls with their moms and their American Girl dolls...such manners! Most everything on Michigan Ave is in walking distance..very convenient and I also jogged each morning..safe and nice to jog around..even in winter! I highly recommend this hotel if you appreciate by-gone eras..America in her infancy and heyday..and classics...and just luxury! This would be a great place for a wedding.	
May 15 2006	Wonderful	You could feel the history in this wonderful grand old hotel. The service was top-notch and classy. Include the breakfast with your room. The location was great. Shopped on the Miracle Mile. Walked to Old Town to Second City Review via the brownstones. Took the el-train around the city etc. Yes, it is pricey, but it is an experience out of time.	
May 4 2006	Pleasent stay in this landmark hotel	I visited Chicago a dozen times since 1987, and always admired The Drake's location and architecture. During my latest visit to the town, I finally stayed at The Drake. You cannot really beat the location. I stayed in an Executive Room with Lake View... actually, I would not have stayed there if no rooms with Lake View were available.The hotel was clean and comfortable... I particularly liked the bed... and the size of the Executive Room is generous. As in previous reviews, the hotel could definitely do with renovation... it reminds me of the house of a widowed aunt who used to be rich, but not any more and living on old glory. I did not really mind that.The consierge proved to be very helpful, my only problem was with the front desk staff upon checking in, they claimed I had cancelled my reservation. This was not the case, since I booked online 30 days before my arrival... and obviously had no reason to cancel. I insisted THEY had a problem with their systems and wanted to talk to the manager.... surprisingly the matter was settled a few seconds later... I wonder why the issue in the first place.	
May 3 2006 	Overpriced and in need of a major facelift	I recently stayed at the Drake for 4 nights on a business trip. My experience was bad from the very start. The staff at check in was very inexperienced and unprofessional. The doormen and concierge were helpful, however. The rooms really need updating- the bathroom was filthy (paint chipping off, scuffs on the doors, dirty bathtub). It's never a good sign when I don't want to take off my shoes or sit down when I enter a hotel room! The walls are very thin- we could hear snoring from the room to our right, and tv/talking/phones ringing from the room to our left)- to the point that we had to go buy earplugs-- and I live in a city. They don't enforce &quot;no smoking&quot; floors- we constantly smelled strong smoke. The restaurant was mediocre, I only ate there for breakfast, and the servers were (again) unprofessional and not the least bit helpful. The drinks in the bar are very overpriced and one person in our party ordered a glass of white wine and it had gone bad. She asked how long they keep there bottles open and he said up to a week, which is ridiculous when you are paying $15 a glass for a very average wine. I got the impression that this hotel makes all their money from private parties. Every time I walked through the lobby there was a wedding or function of some kind, and on more than one occasion there were obnoxious drunk people in the lobby. One night there was a girl (a bridesmaid presumably) passed out at the bell desk, and no one seemed to mind. At the end of our stay, when I paid the bill ($1,400 for 4 nights)- I realized I would have been furious had I been paying this out of my own pocket- and no one asked me how my stay was. This hotel is in a good location, but there are many, many better options in Chicago.	
Apr 25 2006	Why I prefer the Drake	I left Chicago 5 years ago to move to London, and return regularly. I always stay at The Drake, not only because it holds a part of the Chicago I left behind, but because it has provided us with the location which was only down the street from our former residence. We are still members of The Club International, the private dining club within the hotel, and have always received wonderful personal service throughout the many years that we have used the hotel while living in Chicago and living abroad.From the minute we arrive from the airport, we are greeted enthusiastically by the front door staff, and the bellman. We don't always get the same people at the reception desk, they seem to be always changing or training new people, but still as Club members, and Diamond Hillton Honors card holders, we have experienced a wide range of rooms that the hotel offers generally and to those with Hilton Honors cards. The best rooms face the lake, and the executive rooms offer the best bedding. Yes, the hotel is tired, and yes the bathrooms need to be updated. But the personal service has made up for this over and over. All the staff is friendly. The food in the Executive Club Lounge is excellent, and you would be hard pressed to find a better view--anywhere enjoying a light breakfast or early evening cocktails. The breakfast in the restaurant is always consistently good, and the friendly restaurant staff has always greeted us personally. Where the hotel falls down is the constantly changing reception staff, and many of the rooms need to be updated. But the location is fantastic, the rates are excellent compared to some trendy hotels, especially in the winter off season months, and little Coq D'or bar and restaurant offers a great informal menu. It was always a great neighborhood bar for those who lived in the Streeterville area, and it continues to be that and more to those staying in the hotel. it offers great burgers, light music, and good cocktails. Although there is no health club within the hotel, one only has to cross the street and use the gym in the lower level of mall that houses Bloomingdales. I hope the hotel continues to keep up with the times. I will always hold it in high regard.	
Apr 17 2006	Not worth the money!	I've stayed at the Drake about 10 times over the past 5 years. Here are my positives and negatives...Positives: Great location, $10/day for the Equinox gym, Lake Michigan View, Breakfast Buffet was delicious but pricey $20/ppNegatives: Bathrooms are in terrible need of a makeover! Service in the tea room is not what I expected-very slow. No gym available inside the hotel, it's across the street.It's not worth the money anymore. The Palmer House has better rooms!	
Apr 16 2006	Disappointing Drake	My husband and I stayed here over Easter weekend (also our anniversary) using our Hilton Honors points... chose the hotel for the ambiance, history and charm. Unfortunately, our experience was not what we hoped or expected. When asked for suggestions for brunch, the concierge produced a clipping from the Tribune (I prefer personal recommendations; anyone can read the Tribune!), the bathtub caulk was moldy, our air conditioner broke twice, and no turndown service was provided even though requested. Also, the walls were so paper thin, we heard our neighbors VERY clearly (especially on Easter morning when the neighbor kids got up at 6:30 a.m. to search for Easter Eggs in their room!) While not a horrible experience, it certainly wasn't what I expected from a stay at the famed &quot;Drake.&quot;	
Mar 24 2006	Loved the Drake	From the moment we arrived at this lovely hotel until we left,the staff could not have been nicer or more helpful. Check-in was easy and as diamond HH, we were upgraded to an executive room with a beautiful lakeside view. the room was spacious, very clean and the bed was so comfortable. The free water each day was appreciated.Breakfast in the executive lounge was good and the free drinks in the evening were a nice surprise.The hotel has a lot of old world charm and the entrance and lobby are spectacular. The position is good,especially for the shops and there is a lovely lakeside walk.We had absolutely no complaints about the Drake and look forward to another stay.	
Feb 28 2006	Drake the snake	Having worked in Chicago years ago, I was really looking forward to returning. However, my experience at the Drake was less than satisfactory. We arrived on 14th (Valentines day) to be greeted by a very unfriendly check in staff member. 1. When I booked, the website mentioned that there was a pool..... there wasn't any pool in the hotel at all...instead one accross the road.2. We booked bounceback rate which included a buffet breakfast... guess what.. there wasnt any buffet breakfast during the week at all...only at weekends.3. Overall, the staff were aloof and unsympathetic to our concerns.Will not be returning to the Drake.	
Feb 21 2006	drilling hammering and cold water for 180 bucks a night	Saved up my dollars and was really looking forward to some old world elegance and charm at The Drake. I'm sorry to say I was sorely disappointed. Yes the lobby, the bar and the elevator areas are absolutely stunning in terms of decor but that's about as old world charm-y as it gets. I had booked in November for a 3 night stay in Feb, $180 per night is not to be sniffed at and having reserved a &quot;king room deluxe&quot; I was expecting something relatively posh - I got a bog standard hotel room with some fancy lighting. The mattress was hard, the water in the shower all mornings was luke warm at best, cold at worst. Clearly the hotel gets v busy at the weekends, so on my second night I had guests in rooms either side of me and in one case I could hear what these people were saying and what TV channel they were watching. Not so much fun at 4am when they arrive back from their night out. On my last morning before departure I needn't have bothered organizing an alarm call - drilling and hammering started directly beneath my room at 8:30am sharp. I have to say the staff at the Drake were extremely friendly and courteous but the service levels are very poor. Its really annoying when you get all excited about a hotel stay which falls far short of your expectations. Also the room service was extortionate - how on EARTH is a seafood salad, a side of fries and a bottle of average red wine $100??	
Jan 31 2006	Traveller alert: Beware new reservation policy at Drake Hotel	This is a heads up for all those planning travel to Chicago. Busy professionals often need to change their travel plans. Those who, like me, occasionally find themselves in this situation should be aware that the Drake Hotel now charges the full rate to one's credit card months in advance of the planned visit, and then refuses to refund any of the amount if a cancellation is necessary. This policy is mentioned in the fine print at the bottom of the reservation confirmation, and is not announced on the phone at the time the reservation is made. Busy travellers should band together and refuse to patronize any hotel that follows such an inflexible, and frankly, confiscatory, reservation policy.	
Jan 22 2006	Exceeded expectations	We stayed at the Drake for one night on January 20, 2006. Having recently moved from Chicago to Arizona and back visiting family, we had one &quot;kid-free&quot; night to enjoy downtown. After checking rates, we found the Drake for $139+tax on a Friday night - a great deal, given the location and the fact that other hotels in the area - Four Seasons, Ritz, Park Hyatt, Peninsula - are in the $300-$500/nt range. After reading the reviews and knowing a bit of the Drake's past, we expected a grande dame, but showing a bit of her age.Well, she does, but don't let it discourage you. First, the hotel exudes old world charm of a bygone era - from the beautiful lobby with it's enormous floral display (being replaced when we arrived with an abundance of lillies, reminding us of our wedding day) to the classic fountain in the Palm Court, to the classic furnishing in the rooms. As for the room, we showed our Hilton Honors card (sign up online before you stay), and were rewarded with an automatic upgrade to a deluxe room with a sitting area. We asked, and we were told that the room would face the Drake Tower. In other words, a view of a brick wall. We instead used the &quot;upgrade&quot; for a standard room with a lake view, and were given a beautifully appointed, traditional room looking out over Lake Shore Drive and Oak Street Beach. The night we stayed there, it snowed a magnificent 4-5 inches of heavy, wet snow, clinging to the tree branches and light posts, and the view was truly wonderful. The bed was comfortable, with lots of down pillows and a comfortable duvet. The only downside - no flat sheet. As a traveler wary of hotel bedspreads/comforters (having seen too many Datelines on the subject), it was a little unneverving, but the linens were crisp, blindingly white, and appeared to be new, so no hesitatation. The bathroom is also a bit of the older type, but good water pressure, standard Gilchrest &amp; Soames products, and perfectly cleaned (not a streak on the mirrors or polished granite floor tile).Another bonus of signing up for the Hilton Honors program was the free breakfast vouchers for the Drake Bros. restaurant. Skip the buffet - we ordered off the menu and it was delicious (scrambled eggs with smoked salmon on an english muffin and lox and bagels with fresh tomato slices, ripe red onion, and abundance of fresh, deliciously salty capers). We expected to be charged for the fresh squeezed OJ and coffee we ordered in addition to our meals and were pleasantly surpised when our waiter smiled and said &quot;no sir, we appreciate you staying here, it is all taken care of.&quot;It was a wonderful, albeit too brief stay at a wonderful old school hotel that still has it all together. Yes, the walls may be bit thin (the neighbors were quiet, although we got back into the room late - remember, we only had one kid-free night to enjoy ourselves) and the chair rails and furniture may be dinged here and there, but the location, the oozing charm, and the value can't be beat. We'll be back!	
Jan 18 2006	Classic and elegant - stay at The Drake	My wife and I stayed 3 nights at The Drake in January 2006. As Hilton Diamond members, we were upgraded to an Executive Room with a lake view. It was our anniversary weekend and we were greeted with a bottle of champagne and a small cake in our room. Very nice touch from the General Manager.The hotel is truly beautiful - much like the Waldorf-Astoria in NYC. Location is unbeatable, right on Michigan Avenue and incredible lake views. It is an older hotel, but I didn't see any signs of wear. For the price we paid ($129 a night), it was really hard to beat.We had access to the Executive Lounge for free breakfast each morning and free cocktails in the evening. Everyone was friendly and the rooms were good sized and clean. Bed was really comfortable.All in all, a great stay - no real complaints other than the key not working the first time we arrived as the front desk had told us the wrong room number! Definitely worth a visit to this classic gem.	
Jan 15 2006	Classic elegance	We loved the Drake - rich in history and still beautifully elegant. View of the lake from our 4th floor room was breathtaking and we loved the bar in the Palm Court. Have stayed at other older hotels in Chicago (we're from here and do a hotel stay at least once a year) and was pleased with the room size for an older establishment.	
Jan 10 2006	Beautiful Historic 	My fiancee' and I stayed @ the Drake Hotel back in March of 2005. It was beautiful and comfortable. We may have even conceived our son there:) We stayed in the executive suite so we had a rather large room. I believe we paid $300/day and it was worth every penny. We will definitely return!	
Dec 1 2005	I like the Drake!!	My boyfriend and I stayed here for 2 nights in November (16-18). I was a bit worried after reading the reviews here and nearly changed my reservation but I am glad I didnt! The hotel is beautiful. The room was ok, but the bed was the most comfortable bed I'd ever slept in!!!The weather was incredibly cold, and snowy during our stay in Chicago but the room was just the right temperature!The location is ideal, right on the Magnificent mile. We didnt eat in the hotel, preferring to wander the street to see what took our fancy. (THe ole pancake house is worth a try!)Staff were friendly and helpful.I would stay here again	
Nov 25 2005	Dowdy Comfort	Stayed one night seeing friends nearby and to experience &quot;high tea&quot; in the Palm Court Room.The room was average sized on the seventh floor, with a lovely view of Lake Shore Blvd. swinging around to the north and the beach beyond. The HVAC system is quite adequate, and you have to turn on the fan to get the solenoid valves on the radiators to open.The bed has very soft comforters on it and a simple silk sheet as a spread. The interior is very subdued and I felt that my grandmother (Drake no less) would feel very much at home here.Oh, and follow the warnings on the window latches and DO NOT open the windows. They are a &quot;break away&quot; types for quick evacuation in the event of a fire.	
Nov 21 2005	Bring earplugs!	What a disappointment for the price! Our room was on the &quot;executive&quot; level, had a great view, but was very small. Like others have mentioned, the bed has only a thick comforter -- no sheets or other blankets -- so you're either sweating under the comforter or freezing without it. The worst was the noise -- every time someone came in or out of a room on our hall, we could hear the door slam. Every time someone got ice (the ice machine is stupidly located right in the hall, not in an enclosed room to block the noise) we could hear it. At about 10:30 p.m., the people next to us started having a party. They were smoking, even though it was a non-smoking floor -- we could smell the smoke in our room. We called the front desk to complain and were assured Security would come up to confront the partiers, but no one ever came. (We complained about the noise from the doors and ice machine at the same time and were told, basically, &quot;Hey, be glad you're not closer to the street, because that's even noisier.&quot;) The partiers left around 11:30 (we were up till midnight waiting for the assistant manager to call us back as he claimed he would; he never did), but they returned around 5:00 a.m. and started their party again. We called to complain again and got nothing from the front desk except 50% off our room and an upgrade for the next time we stay (next time -- yeah, right).It seems like there are easy fixes they could make to reduce noise, but they have not chosen to do that. The staff we complained to said all the right things, but didn't follow through on doing what they said they would. It's ridiculous that they allow people to flaunt the &quot;no smoking&quot; rule.Aside from that, we had access to the executive club on the upper level, with free hors d'oeuvres and open bar in the evenings and free buffet breakfast in the mornings. It got very crowded and very loud, so it was not pleasant to sit there -- we ended up taking food back to our room. They were not very good about replenishing food on the buffet, either. We paid extra to have access to this amenity, so it was disappointing to not be able to use it fully.We ate at the Cape Cod Room in the hotel -- the food was quite good, but the decor is very tacky and not consistent with the high prices. It's also very loud, and the tables are rather close together. It's a seafood restaurant, but you can order from the menu from the hotel's steakhouse as well. They were very nice about letting us take our desserts up to our rooms, giving us real utensils and dishes.All in all, this was an extremely disappointing experience. For the price you have to pay, you should at least be able to get a comfortable night's sleep and be assured that a no-smoking floor is truly non-smoking.	
Nov 13 2005	On par with the best of the best....	After reading the reviews here, we were a bit skeptical... but the Drake's historical elegance, cleanliness, friendly service, and opulent furnishings were on par with the many 5 star hotels my husband and I have stayed in. The High Tea in the Palm court is a must for romantic couples or a ladies' gathering. The marble floors, 6 foot flower arrangements, fountain, harpist, 12 foot oil paintings, and classy furniture all work to create an atmosphere of tasteful wealth that you can't experience for the same price at the other expensive hotels in Chicago. It's right on the Lake, near all the restaurants and shopping, and the concierge was very helpful to help guests get on the right bus/train to go to the museums. We felt very safe, pampered, and not ripped off by their rates! We look forward to staying there again.	
Nov 4 2005 	Very good!	Great, clean room. Disappointing breakfast in hotel restaraunt. Get a room up high, or noise can be a bother.	
Oct 10 2005	Beautiful Hotel So-So Stay	The Drake is a beautiful historic hotel, no question. It reminds me a lot of NYC's Waldorf-Astoria, which is also now a Hilton property. The lobby, ambience, restaurants and stores are impressive, but the rooms--at least the standard one we stayed in-- are not. The room's decor was attractive, but it was quiet small. Our bed had a thick duvet and no other choices for blankets, so we were very hot! The bathroom was attractive, but it was really small, too. And the towels &amp; toiletries were disappointing. Basically, you would think the Drake would give you luxury, but it just doesn't deliver. We had a far more luxurious experience at the Fairmont in Chicago, which we had stayed at a few months earlier. So, if you want history &amp; ambience, go to the Drake. But if you want luxury &amp; extras, look elsewhere.	
Sep 17 2005	Sad disappointment	The Drake has such a venerable history that my husband and I didn't consider staying anywhere else for our first visit to Chicago. We paid $300 (with taxes) for a small room that looked at a wall. Whatever, we weren't planning on spending all our time in the room. However, the doorknob came off when we closed the door. The light in closet wouldn't shut off, shining into the room all night long. And there were no washclothes in the bathroom. When we asked for some, we were given one, as if they were being rationed. Oh, and the TV had poor reception. The doorknob and closet light were eventually fixed.The real problem occured when we came home near midnight to find our room flooded with water. The woman next door had fallen asleep while running a bath, and that water seeped into our room, soaking the carpet and many of our belongings. This isn't the hotel's fault -- I get that. However, their response afterwards was pathetic. They told us they'd move us to a new room, and send up a bellman right away to help. After a half hour, no one had arrived, and we were told he was too busy to help us. We went to the front desk to obtain the key to our new room, dragged all of our bags there, and then found the key didn't work. Back down to the front desk, where we were told it would take at least a half hour to resolve the problem. It wasn't until I pointed out to the clerk that it was 1:00 am, we were paying $300 a night and had nowhere to sleep and this was upsetting that she magically found another room for us. It's sad that a beautiful old hotel with the Drake's reputation could sink to such low standards.	
Sep 1 2005	Wedding itself wonderful hotel just O.K.	I was Maid of Honor at a wedding at the Drake in July, 2005. The handling of the wedding and reception by the Drake was very well done--food was excellent and staff (other than valet) were exemplary.The hotel/rooms functions were not so good. I was given an extremely unfavorable room, low floor overlooking a tar-covered roof with absolutely no view. I am from Chicago and used to seeing the spectacular skyline so the lack of view was not a big deal, but I did realize that I had one of the worst rooms in the entire hotel, which was dissapointing considering the rest of the wedding party were given upgrades and many of us checked in at the same time. Additionally, the bathtub in my room stopped up and overflowed twice in two days. My bathroom sink drained extremely slowly. My air conditioning only worked if I set the thermostat at 60 degrees (the average outside temperature was 95).The hotel despite being allegedly renovated recently, seemed very tired and dated. I agree with some other reviews noting a long check-in time. There were lines for check-in throughout the weekend. Guests at the wedding were subject to lengthy delays at valet parking also.The negatives at this hotel were mostly cancelled out by the amazing room rates obtained for this wedding compared to nearby hotels (Four Seasons, Ritz-Carlton, Westin), however, it is sad that such a storied hotel seems to be struggling to keep up with the newer, nicer and much better managed hotels around it.	
Aug 23 2005	Outstanding Service Plus a Wonderful Hotel = A++	My husband, cousin and I stayed at the Drake in Chicago for a week. From the moment we arrived, the staff was over the top! The bell hop assisted us immediately. We checked in early, so our room was not available, but the staff graciously offered to hold our luggage if we wanted to get out to our shopping.We arrived back and found our room to be something out of the 1920's with moden day accessories. We were skeptical of the carpet since we had read all the reviews about the horrible carpet, but it wasn't so bad. It could be replaced sometime, but you really don't notice it. The room was decorated nicely, but because it is an old hotel and was very humid during our trip, the doors sort of stuck because of the wood expanding. The beds were very comfortable, even the roll away for my cousin. The service was outstanding! We had turn down service every night and even got a chocolate chip cookie for my cousin who is 15. The room was always cleaned as promised. We only had to ask once for extra towels, after that; housekeeping made sure we had enough towels each day.We did have to call maintenance once to get our refrigerator door shut. They were very prompt and attended to the problem ASAP. They were dressed in their uniforms and were very clean cut. We were impressed.I cannot rave enough about the concierge service. You tell them your going somewhere and immediately they hand you a coupon book of deals and free-bees! They were very organized and helped us handle a few side trips while we were visiting. Last but not least, my husband ordered me flowers from the floral shop in the hotel. They came just as we got to our room and were a beautiful assortment. I loved the colors and the size of the roses, about 3-4&quot; each rose! I expected them to only live a few days, but instead they lasted all week. What a wonderful surprise and a great deal since they didn't die the next day!Overall, I would say our experience was top notch. We love staying downtown in Chicago and I think we've found our new home!	
Aug 21 2005	Nice hotel but dirty carpet	My room was large and grand, but the carpet was dirty in the room. The service was great, and bed was comfortable. But bathroom and carpet could use some work. Won't stay here again.	
Aug 2 2005 	A True Classic	If you like old-world charm and style, the Drake in Chicago is for you. The Drake is beautifully decorated and appointed. The classic architecture of the 1920s harkens back to a less-hectic time. The flowers in the lobby and elsewhere throughout the hotel were magnificent. The Cape Cod Room offers tremendous seafood dishes and the Drake Brothers has a fine selection beef. Enjoy tea time in the Palm Court while a harpist lulls you to relax. In the evening a pianist plays a wide variety of tunes in the Palm Court. The Coq d'Or is a fun place to go and meet friends for a drink.Even though The Drake is over 80 years old, you can enjoy the convenience of wireless connectivity in the hotel. If you don't have wireless capabilities, the hotel also provides high-speed internet access in the rooms.The staff throughout the hotel, restaurants and lounges are all pleasant and attentive which made my stay all the more enjoyable.	
Jul 28 2005	Gorgeous views are worth an upgrade. Romantic!	If you love hotels that represent the character of a city, the Drake is Chicago's equivalent of the Plaza in New York. Ask for a view of Lake Michigan and Wacker Drive. You'll end up in a larger room on a higher floor, and I promise you won't regret the extra cost. At twilight, when the city lights up as a cloud of fog rolls in from the lake, you couldn't ask for a more romantic sight. Our room was elegant, spacious and spotless. Service was formal but not stuffy, and the concierge was a wizard. Even the elevators are romantic. With loveseats, no less.The hotel's Coq d'Or bar was the first to open at the end of Prohibition and is still a great place to meet for early-evening drinks. The bar at the Palm Court feels surprisingly intimate despite being only a few steps up from the iconic lobby - which was decorated to the nines for Christmas, with carved Venetian angels near the ceiling and a magnificent tree. There are times when I enjoy sleek, modern spaces like the W or the Peninsula, but for an experience that couldn't happen in any other city, you can't go wrong with a lakeview room at this grand hotel.	
Jul 21 2005 	Low grade service at an High Class Hotel	I was at the Drake for a conference and the service was TERRIBLE. As far as the sleeping rooms go... The standard rooms were much smaller than I expected for the room rate we were paying. I did not receive my wake up call two mornings in a row. I was compensated with a bottle of wine in my room. BUT... I had to switch rooms because my toilet was stuffed up with a hairbrush from a previous guest. I left the water running a bit too long before getting in the shower and my tub nearly overflowed.The conference service was even worse. The hotel doesn't keep all the boxes delivered in the same place so it took almost two hours to locate anything. Unfortunately, the location can't be beat. It is right in the middle of the best area in town... decide what is important to you before reserving a hotel room.There were a few exceptions, of course. Jesse at the front desk was incredibly helpful! and the engineers fixing my toilet were very friendly!	
Jul 17 2005	Disappointing.	We arrived five minutes after check-in time, but the room wasn't ready for at least another half-hour. There was an interminable line at the check-in counter, which really wasn't prepared to handle the quantity of guests that they had.Housekeeping was very disorganized. They were still making their rounds cleaning the rooms at 5 o'clock. When I got back from dinner at about 9, the door had been left open at the supplies station on my floor, with various cleaning products left lying out in the hall. There was also a bed (yes, a whole bed), sitting out half-blocking the hallway. It was there for at least a few hours, but gone by the next morning.The room had a somewhat pleasing &quot;classic luxury hotel&quot; decor, but it was clearly in need of renovation. The ugly green carpeting was really filthy, and in need of replacement. There was ample closet space, but only about four small drawers, which were in the big piece of furniture that also held the TV. The TV was mounted on a sliding platform that didn't slide out far enough, so that you couldn't rotate it to see the screen from the bed, or the couch, or anywhere else you might want to watch TV from. The cheesy simulated wood laminate that had been applied to this piece of furniture was stained in a few places, and cracked and peeling off in another. There was a safe in the room, but it was locked shut when I arrived, so I couldn't use it.The wallpaper was sort of old and faded, and, in one place, some crusty, reddish-brown fluid had been splattered onto it -- blood, perhaps? The bathroom had some marble in it, which was nice. The sink was partially clogged, and drained very slowly. The towels were thin and poorly absorbent, and had such a rough, uncomfortable surface that I felt like I might get abrasions trying to dry myself off.The worst thing of all: the noise! Besides a slightly annoying level of noise from Michigan Avenue, there was a locked door connecting my room to the one next door, and I could hear even normal-level conversation as though the people next door were three feet from my head. I got very little sleep at the Drake. Soundproof walls are my most important consideration in choosing a hotel, and this one was awful in that respect.On the plus side: The bed was very comfortable, with a wonderful down or down-like comforter. The air conditioning was plenty strong. Several concierges were excellent. And the lobby bar is a nice place for having a drink.	
Jul 5 2005	Beware	Impressive entrance. Good in-house restaurants w/thoughtful employees.Rooms - old style bathrooms w/really rough towels (prob don't get swiped that way); no sound proofing - don't rent a movie (since most movies have sudden loud sounds, neighbors will be pounding on the walls).When checked out, left items in the room. When back within twenty minutes. items had been taken &amp; turned into &quot;housekeeping&quot;. At front desk, they said that they would be brought to the front desk. After 30 minutes, asked again; told that they were on the way. After 20 minutes more, told the same again. After 30 minutes more, asked the exec whose desk is next to the front desk for help. He went to housekeeping and returned in 15 minutes with the items.If you ever need to pick up items left behind, DO NOT accept from the front desk that &quot;they are coming&quot;. Go immediately to someone with authority for help.	
Jun 29 2005 	Consistently Great!	I often stay at the Drake on business, and I've always had a wonderful stay. The rooms are always clean, comfortable and spacious. The staff is friendly and hospitable. The Palm Court and Coq D'Or bartenders are always friendly and accomodating. You can't beat the location, because it's on Miracle Mile and walking distance from the restaurants on Rush street.	
Jun 27 2005	old fashined elegance	we visited from scotland over memorial weekend and stayed in the hotel for 7 nights. we had an executive room overlooking the lake on the 8th floor. room was a good size, hubby loved the lay-out of the mini-bar, more like a little cocktail bar! disappointed the windows did not open as was advertised.window screens made the windows appear to be dirty. carpet in room was well past its best and appreciated the bathroom slippers as i did not like the idea of walking barefoot on it! lovely old hotel much better than a &quot;chain&quot; hotel. enjoyed the coq d'or bar were lovely food is served. staff all very pleasant. access to executive lounge on the 11th floor well worth the extra cost! they mixed a mean cocktail. staff there got to know you and were pleased to have you pop in for a pre-dinner apperitif. amazing views over the lake give this hotel a big plus factor.would certainly recommend this hotel for its old fashioned image and interesting history.	
Jun 14 2005 	Classic lines with a few wrinkles	RECOMMENDED. I'm only giving this AVG not because anything was wrong, simply that for the money it's an avg stay. As others have commented, this is an older hotel that has been renovated several times. Paint is thick on the wood from many years of service. Ceilings high from years were A/C wasn't invented. Furnishings of good quality but a bit worn. Check-in was prompt. Room was nicely sized, quiet, bathroom was moderately lighted with marble flooring. Basically the hotel is like a well worn shoe. It's certainly in an excellent location so if you get a good deal on the rate, it's worth a stay.	
Jun 13 2005 	Not a place I'd choose to stay	Stayed just 1 night for a business trip on June 8. They were out of King beds so I had the choice of a Queen or 2 Twins. I was told the 2 Twin room had a better view so I took that. I should have asked for the Queen since the &quot;view&quot; of Michigan Ave was really pretty boring, anyway, AND I could only look thru an incredibly dirty window which had a little note on the lock that said it was permanently closed. The bed itself was uncomfortable and lumpy so I hardly slept. The room itself is pretty small and a little dark with outdated carpet and bedspreads. Bathroom is also small and the shower curtain smelled mildewy. Towels very rough. Smelled smoke in my &quot;non-smoking&quot; room. Room is not real soundproof. Could hear lots of doors closing in the hallway at night. Didn't like how everything in the room, including the bottled water and the coffee, was an extra charge. Sure, it's a great location for shopping, but the Westin is 1 door down and they've got heavenly beds!	
Jun 1 2005	Classic Hotel	We stayed at the Drake over Memorial Day weekend and thought it was a nice hotel. The location was excellent. The Oak Street Beach was just across the street and of course it was great being at the start of the Magnificent Mile shopping strip. The view was nice from our room - we had a lake view room on the 5th floor. The staff was friendly enough - especially the bell hops and valets. The concierge was very friendly and helpful also.We felt the room size was much larger than most chain hotels, but like other visitors, we did notice chipped furniture, wornout carpet and a worn bedspread. We also had a slight problem with room cleaniness - when we checked in we realized that someone had used the toilet and didn't even flush! That was unpleasant, but being so late, we just didn't really have the strength to complain and change rooms - though we probably should have. The only other problem we had was strange noises in the hallway, which we realized was due to a service elevator being across from our room. The noises did not happen during the night, so it's not like it kept us awake. Other than that, the shower could use some updating - we started running out of hot water after only 2 showers. We didn't try any of the restaurants located at the Drake, so can not comment on those. Obviously there is plenty of other restaurants in the area within walking distance.I don't mean for this to sound like a terrible review - we really did have a pleasant stay. I think one has to realize that this is an older hotel and appreciate it's historical value and classic beauty.	
May 27 2005	The Drake has still got it	I stayed at the Drake with my fiance the first weekend of May and we loved it. We were very pleased with the service, the hotel's old charm, the quality of the rooms and especially the location.We found the hotel was updated but the authentic feeling was not lost. The room, bathroom &amp; linens were comfortable and inviting.The only problem was the hotel was too close to some of the best stores, Chanel is right in the same building, Gucci and Vuitton are stone thows away, Hermes is just down the street ... very hard on the credit cards.We loved the Drake and Chicago ... would recommend it to anyone who asks.	
May 20 2005	Classic Chicago Hotel	We stayed at the Drake from May 15-17 and liked the hotel very much. The hotel has great history and tradition and displays it very well. Our room was comfortable although the plumbing was a bit old and the a/c a bit noisy. But those were the only minor quibbles we had. The staff is very accomodating and friendly. The room was spacious and the hotel was very quiet. Our king bed was very comfortable and we slept great. The location, at the start of Michigan Ave. is convenient to shopping and great restaurants. The restaurants in the hotel are superb, possibly the best collection in any hotel we've stayed at. We ate at all 3 of them, and liked the Cape Cod Room the best. The bar at Coq D'or is also excellent. We will stay at the Drake again next time we are in Chicago.	
May 16 2005	Don't let these negative people scare you away!	Stayed at the Drake for four nights and had a great experience. If you travel to Chicago, especially in the warm weather months, I can't imagine spending much time in the hotel anyway!! Staff was helpful and polite - although I didn't have many special requests except for a cot which was delivered promptly. The valet staff and doormen were excellent with directions, advice, luggage, etc. Just be sure to call down in advance (15-20 minutes) and your car will be ready to go. Rate was $129 a night prepaid - can't beat that.Great location on North Michigan Avenue! Shopping, Restaurants, Etc.Check-in was fast and painless.Bags were delivered to the room quickly.Valet was $30 / night Room was nice, clean, quiet, and roomy enough for two men.Nice bathroom with lots of room, good water pressure, and hot water.Lots of towels and nice bathrobes.View was nothing special from our room.Construction across the street causes some traffic congestion in front of the hotel.Bottom line: Beautiful hotel with great character and an attentive staff. It is not the Ritz or the Four Seasons, but for the price you can't beat it! There may or may not be a health club, and I can't comment on the food as I never ate there. The Drake is a perfect base camp for a trip to Chicago - hundreds of restaurants, bars, stores, and sites to be had within walking distance.	
Apr 27 2005	Excellent	We spent this past weekend at the Drake and LOVED it! Excellent service all the way around from the front desk to the bellman. We had a deluxe room and was just the right size. We have stayed at other hotels on Michigan Ave and the rooms were alot smaller at the other hotels. The location of the Drake is perfect. We will stay at the Drake the next time in Chicago. We would not think about staying anywhere else.	
Apr 10 2005	Major disappointment	We checked into the Drake the last weekend of March. It was one negative experience after another. Check in person was cold to say the least. Seemed very bored and unwelcoming.When we got to our room we found that it had not been fully cleaned. The bed was made and surfaces were clean however when we went to the mini bar it was dirty and had to been restocked. There were black hand prints on all the doors and stains everywhere. The room was also freezing cold but the thermostat was not working so we called down to reception and asked for the room to be cleaned and the temperature to be adjusted. An hour later, plus three phonecalls someone finally came up. Room was cleaned but apparently nothing could be done about the heating. It had just been switched on and we were told it would take approximately an hour for our room to heat up.The final straw was when the people in the room next of us arrived. They may as well have been sitting in our room we could hear absolutely everything, word for word.Overall a very disappointing experience and definitely not worth the money. What you are paying for here is the prestige of the Drake and unfortunately they do not deem it necessary to invest in anything else!	
Apr 7 2005	a once grand hotel is aging	the drake is still a chicago landmark and in the upper tier of chicago hotels, however the years have taken a toll on this once classic landmark. the lobby, though nice, is dated with carpet that needs to be repaired as well as main floor elevators that are also outdated. subtle things such as the paint in the hallways and the look and feel of room doors and design also need work. Paint is chipping off of the doors, the carpets in many hallways look worn and, in our case, the AC in our room did not work.Perhaps the biggest indictment of the drake is that it simply cannot hold a candle to the four seasons and pennisula hotels in chicago. A stay in either one of those hotels puts the drake to shame. This is important to note because the drake does consider itself to be a hotel of that caliber. While the name still signifies a classic, the Drake hotel has dropped in stature behind a number of other chicago luxury venues.	
Mar 27 2005	Grand Old Hotel	I read prior reviews on this hotel and almost cancelled my res.How glad I am that I did not. This is truly a beautiful hotel,the lobby has all the splendor of a Ritz hotel in Europe...The room and bath were lovely. We were on the 9th floorof the hotel with a fabulous view of the Lake.We loved the Club service and bar on the 11th floor. It hadeverything, including a great view.I will stay there again first chance I get. It is near alot ofbeautiful shops and restaurants....	
Mar 25 2005 	What a trip	I just came back from a week stay at the Drake for a business meeting. I came back to my room the second day to find my room flooded. The pipes had burst and everything in the closet was soaked in brownish type water! This included my hanging clothes, coat, my suitcase, shoes actually everything but the clothes I had on. I was told they would send my clothes to an express cleaners but I did not get them back until after 9:00 am the next morning with my suitcase and shoes still missing. I had to be at a meeting at 8:30 and had nothing to wear but what I had on the day before. I was moved to another room which was noisy because the room next to it had flooded! Finally I was moved into a decent room. I had to go to the front desk numerous times and they insisted my suitcase was in my room and had to bring them up to the room to prove it was not! I feel they were only somewhat sympathetic to what had happened and that I was really just a bother. They did compensate me with a dinner, a breakfast and a movie. And that was only after I insisted because I was stuck in their hotel and could not leave to do anything. I had not coat and it was to cold to go out without out one. It was a very memorable visit.	
Mar 18 2005 	This is a beautifull place!	This hotel is beautifull. The last renovations brought back glamour and magnificience to the grande dame! The staff is exceptional and trully cares unlike other higher end hotels. They will always go above and beyond to make sure you are enjoying your stay! A very unique place to stay!	
Mar 15 2005	A 'tired' beauty	I live in Chicagoland and have always heard that the Drake was the best of the best!! We were disappointed - My husband and I stayed for a weekend last month and the room was tired and rundown. The service was great but the room was dark and dingy....... Not worth the per night rate!!! Definitely needs a facelift.	
Mar 14 2005	A Chicago Monument	The Drake is a place you have to stay in if you want to stay in history. The hotel is an icon of downtown Chicago. When you walk through the revolving doors and up the stairs, you do sense a step back in time. Typical is the 19th century style chandeliers and interior decoration. I love places like that.Going to the rooms, you have the old fashioned elevators with built in couch and the huge wide corridors. This perhaps explains the rather small rooms, as the space used for the corridors didn't leave much over. The bathroom is another antique.This hotel is perfectly located, as you walk a short distance to places like the Hancock Tower, the Chicago river and Michigan Avenue, the Magnificent Mile. This is a great place to walk around and if you want to take in a basketball game, United Center is a 10 minute cab ride away (until you meet the crowds then add another 10).All in all, the Drake is definitely worthwhile if you want to stay in a Chicago landmark.	
Feb 24 2005 	Drake: So-So	I was born and raised in Chicago and though out my life I was told The Drake was the best. I had the opportunity to stay there a few weeks ago. I was some what disappointed. The hotel services were great, but the rundown nature of the rooms (Soiled carpets, chipped furniture, and a general dismal appearance) left me wondering why anyone would stay there. I took into consideration the age of the building. It really needs a remodeling, not to change the character, but just to clean it up. It’s a shame this grand hotel isn't so grand anymore.	
Jan 19 2005	A well-preserved treasure...	Stayed at The Drake with a friend during a bitterly cold MLK weekend. The beautiful lobby was a welcome warm respite from our walking and shopping adventures. The service is quality - the employees seem happy and proud to work there. We received kind greetings from all - the doorman to the restaurant staff and especially the housekeeping staff outside our room. Yes, our room was cozy - we shared a two double bed guest room. It was well-presented and clean. The bathrooms are functional - not spacious, but functional. I venture that some of the less-flattering reviews on here are from some that expect early 20th century charm to be upgraded to 21st century glitz. I'll leave the glitz to Disney. If you stay at this hotel you can be assured that you're visiting a piece of American history. Cherish it.	
Jan 7 2005	Exceeded our expectations!!	After reading some of the previous postings we were very unsure about The Drake, we had planned on staying only one night but extended our stay because of the great service and beautiful room. The front desk extended our stay in the same room at the same rate, booked on expedia with no problems at all. Unlike some of the other reviews, we had no problems with heating or water pressure. The location was fabulous for shopping on Michigan Ave. we were less than 5 minutes away from all of the great shops. Overall I would highly recommend the Drake for both short and long stays in Chicago!	
Jan 2 2005	Hey let's not be so hard on the old dame...	I've noticed that online reviewers tend to be tough on the Drake. I think a lot depends on what your expectations are as you go in. We stayed there for two nights between Christmas and New Year's 2004/05. We chose it mainly on the basis of (1) location (we like to be on the Magnificent Mile) and (2) price (a rate of just $129 per night, found on a SideStep search). This gave us close access to the nice shops and restaurants we wanted to try -- and let us afford them! Yes, the Drake is very, very retro -- almost gloomily so in places. But it's also well-kept, and, at a third of the Peninsula's price (at least when we were there), a good deal. At the reception desk, we held out for a better room, and for a $50 nightly increase, we got a junior suite (very spacious, with a decent view, but the bathroom, though nice, was still small) plus Executive Lounge privileges, which we exploited to the fullest. We're in our late '40s, but given some of what we've been reading in these online reviews, we figured we'd probably seem like young'uns among the Drake's fogy crowd. Not so. We saw lots of young familiies, even 20-somethings. Actually, we felt like we were just about average in age here. Overall, a nice experience.	
Nov 26 2004	Disappointment	The lobby is gorgeous; the location is great, but our room left much to be desired. We had a junior suite overlooking Michigan Ave. The room wasn't big, but it was adequate. The bathroom on the other hand was so small there wasn't room to put a makeup bag on the sink. The dryer was wimpy, but the water pressure in the shower was great. The heater worked once durning our three day visit. The rest of the time our room was uncomfortably cool. The carpet was shabby which gave the room an overall rundown feel. Old world splendor leaves much to be desired.	
Nov 15 2004	Very Average	We were extremely disappointed with our stay this past weekend. Upon check-in, we were greeted by a shoe-box sized room. I understand that with the older downtown hotels, room size varies considerably, however at a rate of $300 / night I at least expect a queen sized bed. The thermostat did not work and the heat never shut-off. In fact, I would estimate our average room temp at 85 for the stay. The shower / tub did not drain properly. The actual tub was knee high with water by the time I finished a 5 minute shower. The building is historic and the location is great, however based on our experience, this is lucky to be a 3 star hotel.	
Oct 21 2004	Major disapppointment	We were hugely disappointed with The Drake. We stayed 3 nights in a junior suite at The Peninsula, but wanted to try the &quot;venerable&quot; Drake Hotel, with its Sinatra/Princess Diana/Heads of State history, and were looking forward to old-fashioned grace and luxury in place of the modern luxury of The Peninsula. Instead we just found the place old and tired. Our &quot;suite&quot; was clean, of course, but a bit of a bowling alley, long and sparsely furnished. Drapes on all six windows constantly fouled and wouldn't open properly, light in mini-bar closet was out and the carpet (and mini-bar itself) was installed so poorly it was embarrassing. Worst of all, however, was the hot water. It took literally 15-20 minutes of running the shower on full hot before the water was slightly warm, same with the bath. Someone appeared both times we complained but their answer was just that &quot;it's an old hotel, sir. Best to just let the water run and let the hotel pay for it till it gets warm.&quot; Practical advice, certainly, but not helpful, and a disgrace in a room for which they charge $515 per night (plus $38 valet parking, plus taxes, etc.) We commented more than once how our one-night stay at a Hampton Suites on the road passing through Ann Arbor MI was superior to The Drake in every way, for less than 20% of the cost.Our &quot;lake view&quot; suite was on the second floor - not much of a lake view from there, through the trees. Save your money and take a city view room, especially with the unco-operative drapes.The service was as good as you would expect, no better, no worse. Reservation staff was friendly and helpful, two concierges were excellent, one was just showing up. As this is written ( a week later), I have received no reply from the hotel to my comments which they invited. The Cape Cod Room restaurant was OK as well, but only as a late-night last-minute choice in a city full of fine restaurants. The &quot;Executive Lounge&quot; on the top floor was OK as well, but not even as big as our room.Unfortunately, The Drake's best days are long behind it (kind of pathetic, the fancy bound history of the hotel they leave in each room, highlighting its past glory that it can only dream of now.) Don't be fooled by the website photos of Princess Diana, etc. - now it's just an old run-down relic. The Drake could take lessons from The Royal York Hotel in Toronto on how to keep a grand old hotel grand. You want to stay in a first-class Chicago hotel, forget The Drake, stay at The Peninsula.	
Oct 11 2004	Not so great...	The hotel is clean and quaint in that it has a lot of history BUT the service is terrible.We called down for items several times and nothing was ever delivered. We were promised a lake front view and got a view of the building across the street. We were promised two queen beds and got ONE queen bed and a cot. Luckily the serviceman got us a second cot. They didn't even bless us with blankets for the cots!Did I mention the service is terrible?I'm sure you could find a less expensive AND friendler place with the same kind of proximity to everything. I wouldn't stay again.	
Sep 30 2004	Only ok.	I took my mom to Chicago for a Christmas concert and shopping and had high hopes that the Drake would be the perfect hotel.Instead, they were changing the carpet in the lobby, so it was in disarray, the service in the cocktail lounge off the lobby was cold at best, the closet in our room had a scary hole (2 ft. x 2 ft) into some air vent exposed. The next morning, our breakfast service was spotty, the food was cold and there were crumbs all over my seat when we arrived. Yick. Other than a great location, I have few other reasons to return.	
Sep 11 2004	ok hotel	Hi all, I stayed at the Drake for 5 days and didnt like it. This is an old hotel with good history as Princess Diana stayed here and other royalties. It was built around 1930s so its old. Apart from that I didnt like the bed...always had a back ache after a night sleep. Room is adequate but the lighting is yellow lights so its kinda eeerie. If you're after an old hotel with european ambiance then its worth a try but if you are looking for more of a modern hotel there are others...I transfered to Wyndham and am happy (no more back aches) about it.	
Sep 9 2004 	POORLY MANAGED!	I hosted a group at the Drake in August. The funny part was that it was 10 people. The hotel staff were very rude with the exception of the valet staff, however I was double billed every day for parking. My group did not receive the correct food that we contracted each day. Nobody was around on the weekend to correct the problem so you were left hanging. I was charged for audio visual items that I never ordered. I complained to management only to receive a letter defending items that were never mentioned in my original letter. Also have left SEVERAL messages for the sales department, almost 30 days later no call back. I would steer very clear of this hotel for any group functions. They are VERY unorganized. The Westin across the street is ten times better.	
Aug 10 2004	Wonderful Place- 8/3/04	My husband and I recently stayed at the Drake for our 2 year anniversary. I could not have asked for a better place to stay. All the staff were extremely helpful and kind. We had a traditional kg. room, and it was very nice and spaceous. We were treated very well and would definately go back again.	
Jul 30 2004	Great Honeymoon at Drake	I reserved a room at the Drake about 2 months in advance and got a great rate through the Drake webpage reservation, other online services did not even come close. Had a lake view. The Hotel is very impressive. The flower arrangement in the foyer is overwhelming. The harpist at the new Drake Brother's Restaurant had us walking around stunned. Easy access to Wrigley via the EL, talk to the consierge, he is very helpful. Free City tram is great, use it, walked to Navy Pier and Hancock.Ate a meal next to the piano bar, requested a song, ordered room service, sent laundry out, free newspaper, let housekeeping turn down-leave you mints, bought the Drake complimentary robes,very nice, expensive but nice. Good lifetime memories. Parked car at hotel for 3 days for $33. Use public transportation, parking is impossible otherwise.Tipping works wonders, gets you extra little niceties from housekeeping and respect. Dress as you please, saw families on vacations and people on business. Going back for our anniversary for sure. Will spend more time on beach, ran out of time.	
Jul 20 2004	Grand as usual	Once again the Drake has spoiled me. This was our third stay at the Drake in as many years and every stay is just as delightful as the one before. This time I got a great deal for a room at $118. I figured for that it would be itty bitty and looking at a roof, but not so. It was very spacious and we did look at another building, but could see the lake to the left of our window. All of the small things are what I appreciate. The marble sink tops, the light fixtures, the huge towels and the textured sheets that are sandwiched around the blanket on the large, comfortable bed. The flowers in the main lobby are always fresh and beautiful. The front desk gal told us if we did'nt like our room, just let her know and they'll arrange for another. They managed to check us in early since we arrived earlier than anticipated. We were in our room by 10 a.m. We sat in the tea room for awhile before check in and that was very relaxing. The bathroom in that tearoom is like no other I've been in. Each stall is like an individual bathroom. The toilet paper and kleenex are always folded to a point no matter where you go. There is some magical fairy that has this job of making them pointed when your not looking. I never want to stay anywhere else when we are in Chicago. The Drake has truly spoiled me!	
Jul 14 2004	Frank Sinatra's favorite!	Magnificent old Hotel. Sinatra's favorite.Staff is great, 4 restaraunts are great, water pressure is outstanding.Offered a $30.00 upgrade to room with sitting area per night. Declined but will take them up on that tomorrow night.Rooms are small, as to be expected in a historic hotel, but I'm sitting here surrounded by thousands of dollars of furnishings, wall work, heavy wooden panelled door, etc.This is a subtle but important note as I sit back and notice things. If I look around my room and ask &quot;could this be a guest room in a Southern Plantation, or Rhode Island Mansion?&quot; my answer is Yes. When I ask that at the Hilton/Hyatt/Marriott, my answer is No.Then I ask myself, &quot;how many days do I have on this planet? how many days do I want to be in a generic box?&quot;Internet is $11.40/day.View: Lake Michigan or City, ask at desk. I took the Lake, and have nothing between me and the lake but one road. No buildings, this hotel is on the lake.Large window says &quot;Caution Do Not Open&quot;, to appease the lawyers living amongst us. I slid the window up 4 feet last night. When was the last time you slid a hotel window up? Especially a new dark stained aluminum double paned window? No screws or restrictors. Gotta like a place that still says &quot;don't do that&quot; but lets you be an American with the choice to do so if you want.Phone system is nice. Set wake up call for 6:30am. Heard it, ignored it, rolled over. Went off a second time, ignored it, rolled over. Security knocked on my door 15 minutes later, &quot;Security, just wanted to make sure you received your wake up call&quot;. I was extremely impressed that they knew part of their job is to make sure I make it to my early meeting!The bar says they served the 2nd drink in Chicago after Prohibition ended.4 internal high end restaraunts.Right on the shopping wonderland known as the Magnificent Mile, across from Bloomindales.If you're tired of generic Hyatt/Hilton/Marriott experiences and want a change, try the Drake.Thanks to BiddingForTravel for allowing me to find out about this hotel!	
Jul 11 2004	our Anniversary	My wife and I stayed here for our 10 th wedding anniversary. We were upgraded to a sweet upon our arrival. The staff was wonderful.On our first night there wich was our anniversary we came back to our room to find a chocolate mousse cake that read happy anniversary!!! This was the most amazing hotel we have ever stayed at. We will definatley be back many years to come!!!!!!	
Jul 7 2004	Heart in the hotel	I like to express my gratitude to the staff of Drake Hotel, which I believe should be credited more than the &quot; famous lobby itself&quot;..The hotel has negative reviews about being an old one , but hey.. it is traditional hotel its not the usual hotel nowadays that is technology wise, the warmth of the hotel collided with the ambiance that I felt to be a royalty just like the service that Marc in the bell desk offered me, though its late at night he still went to wallgreens to buy a contacts cleanser because I forgot one. The clerk in the front desk ws very helpful in giving some alternatives to my room offering such upgrade and the concierge Adi should be taken in account for --reserving us a nice dinner to a very exquisite italian resto..Very good!!!!	
Jun 26 2004	So-so	Attracted by an excellent discounted room rate, we stayed at the Drake and had Thanksgiving dinner there last year. People who pay in full won't get what they pay for.It was fun to be in the lobby of an &quot;older&quot; city hotel as opposed to the bland environment of so many chain establishments. Some Chicago businesses had advertising displays in cabinetlike niches. Uniformed bellhops bustled about. A towering, decorated tree heralded the holiday season along with an electric-train layout. The entire area was nicely paneled, carpeted, and appointed. Too bad we went upstairs.. The &quot;family room&quot; proved to have a good-sized double bed and nothing more for sleeping. (The couch didn't fold out.) Without our having to wait all that long, a surly employee brought up a cot which turned out to have a somewhat lumpy mattress. Fortunately we were only there one night.Space in the room was adequate. The mirror and glass shelves above the minibar provided a nice touch. The bathroom was roomy and clean. Furnishings were OK aside from the lumpy cot and cheesy radio. There was a decent view of Michigan Avenue to be had from the large windows.Dinner was served in a pleasing atmosphere with efficient, swift, and congenial servers. The food, particularly the desserts, was less than spectacular given the cost of the meal. 	
Jun 15 2004	The Hilton sisters better focus on their hotel legacy instead of reality TV	Shock and disappointment is all I have to say about our stay at the Drake. We made a reservation two months in advance for a suite and a king room, we gave our credit card number at the time of our reservation (so that they could immediately charge us for the rooms-which they explained was a necessity so that we could receive their &quot;special&quot; rate -- how many other luxury hotels do you know that resort to charging you up front for a discount?) In good faith, we proceeded and were given a confirmation number. Trusting that the Drake was a reputable hotel with competent staff, we felt assured that our reservation was complete. The evening of our arrival, 9:30 in the evening, we were informed by the desk staff that our reservation had been cancelled. By whom? We had no idea, nor did they. We gave them our confirmation number and it was not accepted. The management was consulted, but refused to speak to us. The help was left to settle the situation. With few options at hand, we were forced to ask for any rooms available. We were given 10'x10' &quot;closets&quot; with views of the roof tops and pigeon poop. Not only were the rooms small, they had bath drains that did not work, complete with extra hair from the last guest to prove it, less than adequate air conditioning, that kept you up at night and sounded like the worst motel unit you have ever experienced, and finally, the towels were like rubbing yourself with dried parsley. We were never contacted by the management during our stay and at check out we were handed a bill that would have equalled ANY stay in the BEST room at a REAL hotel in Chicago. The end of my story is do yourself a favor and stay at the Ritz, the Four Seasons, or ANY other hotel that knows how to treat and respect their client.	
Jun 15 2004	Not so "drake" as Id dreamed...	We were a party of 6, in 3 twin bed rooms from May 29th to June 3rd. 2 rooms were quite OK but the 3rd was so small and facing a wall that we complained and after much begging were given a half lakeview one (3rd floor). It was unusually cold (20º less than normal) but the heating was off and the best they did was giving us very old and not so efficient small heaters. The inroom TV hotel services account gave each day a different and wrong total so we spent every morning half an hour waiting anc complaining to a most untypical Assistant Manager... no french, no spanish speaking. The public rooms are nice but not gorgeous. Best assets: housekkeping maids and buffet breakfast.	
May 22 2004	Upgrade your room....it's worth it!!!	It's very exciting to stay at the Drake!!! The lobby is very grand and you can feel the history as you walk in. The front desk staff is extremely helpful. We stayed for two nights and were disappointed with our room the first night. It was cramped and all we saw out our window was the wall of the neighboring business building. We called the front desk and she had nothing else available at the time but told us to call back the next morning for an upgrade. When we called early the next day, they said they had a Lake view room for $20 more. We decided to go for it and did not regret it one bit. It was on the third floor and had a view of the Lake and the road along the lake. It was very relaxing. It was also a much bigger room. Ordered room service the next morning to sit by our window and enjoy the view. The food was expensive by tasty. It was hard to say good bye to this room.	
May 11 2004	Easter 	It was everything I expected and more. The room was well organized, the food was wonderful, there were serveral staff members to assist with all of my needs, the dessert room was impressive and the desserts were definately home made. I had a wonderful time in a beauftiful room and would highly recommend The Drake	
May 6 2004	Nice but a Bit Disappointing	I stayed here recently for 3 nights and liked the historical charm of the place. Rooms were a bit small and perhaps over furnished, but the high ceilings prevented it from feeling too cramped. I had no problem with the climate control in the room. The hotel is old but it seems to be refurbished and not at all run down. My nits: not obvious that there's an elevator from the street to the lobby check in (steps are daunting if you have luggage), and I couldn't understand why they had such cheap / poor quality radios in the room - really diminishes the place.	
Apr 11 2004	Great Location	Great Location and Great Hotel.... The staff was perfect and the location could not have been better.. The rooms were a little warm, the temp controls did not work that well... ( Opened the window and we were fine) Otherwise, perfect.......	
Apr 5 2004	Enjoyed Our Stay	My wife and I stayed at the Drake in Jan. and enjoyed our stay.The bad: The rooms are on the small side and the temperature controls in our rooms weren't working.The good: Great service, friendly staff, wonderful bar. Clean rooms.	
Mar 30 2004	Beautiful hotel!!	My husband and I stayed at the Drake for our 10yr anniversary. We stayed for 3 days, and the hotel is simply gorgeous. The staff works HARD to exceed your expectations. The hotel is lovely, and has beautiful showcases all through out the area called the &quot;Arcade&quot;. They have these GORGEOUS children's black and white photographs, and some paintings as well. We even used the photographer they have showcased there, and she is just as classy as the Drake. The Drake picked a wonderful choice there.This is a class A hotel. Our room was more than we could ask for. The hotel is pricey, but what can you expect in the Gold Coast?	
Mar 28 2004	Great Hotel great location	Just returned from a 5 day break at The Drake. (13th - 18th March 04) We had a wonderful time. The accommodation was lovely - we had a superior view of Lake Michigan and the Gold Coast which was really beautiful. The general hotel appearance was like something from the 1920's. Sumptuous, with lots of attention to details (like a huge fresh flower display in the magnificent lobby, harpist in the cafe etc). Also, the staff at check-in and in the restaurants and bars (not to forget the room-cleaners) were friendly and efficient. It's location (right on the Magnificent Mile) couldn't be faulted - no wonder so many film-stars and royalty stay there! We would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a stylish hotel with a glamorous past. Also, I'd like to thank British Airways for a super flight out and back and also thanks for the upgrade!!! Super flight, super hotel, super holiday.	
Mar 13 2004	meet my standards!!!	This might be very opinionated type as i discussed..but the employees not the hotel itself met my standrads and should I say&quot; offered me more than I expected...and I have to paved and recognized them-by doing so,It will give me a comfort of acknowledging the certain individuals that made me and my fiance vacation spree spectacular!!!when the doormanNEIL HANDED MEa ticket he was very generous to direct me in the lobby I was mesmerized that it was so busy and he still have time to show me where it is, I remember the receptionist Lorenzo who was extremely kind to give as a lovely room overlooking the lake (take note without additional cost ) and wish us for a lovely stay,then right after the bell hop guy Marco who informed us evry detail in room , He explained things prompt, we adore the coq d or-loved the concierge tom, who recommends a good dining place..OVERALL I LOVED THE EMPLOYEES!!!WHO OFFER SUCH A ABOVE EXPECTATION	
Mar 8 2004	full of old world charm	Me and my partner stayed at The Drake for 2 nights in September 2003 on a stopover to LA, we had read the mixed reviews and decided to try it out for ourselves. This hotel is fabulous, from the moment we checked in we fell in love with her,ok the bathroom door didn't close but it all added to it's quirky charm. The bedrooms were fine and fresh fruit on every floor was a nice touch. We had a wonderful time and there is nothing quite like having breakfast overlooking Lake Michigan in the Oak Terrace. I would highly recommend The Drake if you want a hotel with a bit of character. We will return to Chicago and certainly stay here again.	
Mar 1 2004	NO that great	The Drake was an okay hotel..very old..I expected mote from this hotel , they need to renovate their rooms...service was great at the hotel..employees are very helpful though I would not stay here again..very disapponted with the rooms..we were given 2 full beds!!!!!!	
Feb 22 2004	Loved the Coq d'Or	I spent a few day at The Drake nad it was wonderful. My room overlooked the lake nad I had access to a special lounge on the top floor that served free drinks all night! I also ate and drank in the Coq d'Or and this bar was the highlight of my trip. Although 70 years old te ambiance and service is second to none. I would highly recommend the Coq d'Or for giant Martinis and great service. The Drake hotel is wonderful...	
Jan 8 2004	What a great hotel	Just stayed 3 nights at the Drake, 25/26/27 December and the whole place was beautifully decorated for Christmas. I had already paid for the room online which was just as well because I arrived at O'hare minus my credit cards!! I contacted the hotel and they agreed to pay for the shuttle from the airport until I could get my cards replaced. The assistant manager (Mario) and his staff were excellent thoughout our stay. Although I cannot comment on the restaurants, the Coq d'or bar had a great atmosphere and the food was good value.....again bar and waiting staff were terrific. One dissapointment was the lack of coffee maker in the room but then again the walk though the hotel to the complimentary drinks every morning was a delight. The hotel is in a great location just minutes from the Hancock building and Michigan Avenue and I would have no hesitation recommending to others.....especially when you can get rooms for as little as $99.00 a night.	
Jan 7 2004	RUINED OUR THANKGIVING HOLIDAY	The Drake is horrible. They ruined our Thanksgiving with stale food, horrible service. (&quot;Hey if you going to tack on a 17% gratuity, you'd better earn it) What's worse is the management has not been responsive to my complaints. That is a 5 star hotel? PLEASE....Make note, I am not the only one that has written a review like this for the &quot;DRAKE&quot; If you have a special occassion, don't depend on them to meet the need. DONT SPEND ANY OF YOUR MONEY AT THE DRAKE HOTEL. The dinner was HORRIBLE!We are also going to seek relief if they don't refund the money we paid for the &quot;meal&quot;	
Dec 21 2003	Great Christmas Spot	I always wanted to stay at the Drake, because I've heard great things. It was everything I had hoped! Very classy. Great place during the Christmas season, because of all the beautiful decorations. Plus, it was great for us, because it's right on the north side of Michicgan Ave, so we can shop all day, then be right back at our hotel. The service was great, and they even gave us a free upgrade!	
Nov 30 2003	Excellant value!!	Just had two nights at the Drake, had read many of the reviews from previous visiters and now see what some people complained about. Yes the bathrooms are missing a shelf, some views are not very good etc etc but if that is all you have to complain about then you need to take a good look at yourself! I just wish we had stayed a few days later as we stayed 19th and 20th Nov. The place is looking amazing with the decorations which were just being finished. The giant tree in the loby, the Chocolate Sears Tower and the Icing winter scene of chicago with all sweets....absolutely stunning. No complaints with the service, the room, the package we booked which included breakfast and tickets to the Art Institute. Enjoyed cocktails in the piano bar.. I cant think of anything negative to say about the place. Did not eat in the restaurants, for no other reason than we preferred to go elsewhere. I proposed to my girlfriend at the nearby Signature room restaurant on the 95th floor of the John Hancock building which the concierge arranged the reservation and confirmed with me discreetly. Enjoyed the whole experiance and am glad I did it there so we have somewhere nice to go back and remember. Would thoroughly recommend it to any friends or family, especially to go during Thanksgiving / Christmas.	
Nov 4 2003	Complete Joke	This is my fathers favorite Chicago area hotel, so I thought I would try it out while in the Chicago area. However, after thinking about the ol' italianate feel of the place and its location relative to what i was interested in, etc. I cancelled my reservation, favoring the Hotel 71, which is a pretty darmn nice hotel, and thus my problems with the Drake began. In a nutshell, they have nicked me for $200+ because they never gave me a cancellation number, and I didn't think to get one, I just figured that they would take care of it and didn't give it a second thought, until of course, my credit card bill came. So, I have been arguing with them for weeks over aq cencellation number they never gave me and I am at my wits end. In short, any place that gives such poor customer service doesn't deserve your business.	
Oct 23 2003	Not what I expected !!	My husband and I stayed two nights at the Drake. on october the 4th and 5th. We were expecting luxury (like at any Ritz Carltons for example) and comfort. We were astonished with the size of the room, the quality of the bed, no feather bed no feather comforter. The towels were small and old, the shower curtain looked all weary. For us the experience was a disaster we booked on the internet a king deluxe and we got a small room with a nice view. I left a long complaint and I am still waiting for their response. I called the front desk to complaint and they never payed attention to my claim. I booked and early check in and they left us waiting for three hours.I do not know why Princess Di liked it so much !!I certainly wont recommend it and stick to Ritz Carlton with my eyes closed.	
Jun 20 2003	The Best I've stayed at !	In April 2003 my friend's dad suprprised us with a trip to Chicago for her birthday. Upon our arrival, we got off the plane at O'Hare airport and boarded a taxi. While we were riding, my friend's dad called the Drake to see if there were any openings. There were. As we pulled up to the Drake my friend and I's jaws dropped. We were very &quot;Wowed&quot;. The bellman took our bags, gave a ticket stub and took our bags up. We walked into the hotel, again being &quot;Wowed&quot;. We went up the stairs to be greeted by a huge vase full of flowers! ( I stood next to it and it was taller than me, and I'm 5 feet! ) We turned and walked to the check-in/out counter. Check-in was quick. We were told we would be staying one the 1st floor ( one story up from Lobby (L) level ) and that our room number would be room 115. We walked to the elevators where another bellman took us up. The hallways were so quiet. We walked to our room, slid the key in and the door wouldn't take the card. After about 10 times we went and got someone. The housekeeping came with the master card. The door opened. They said they were very sorry and then left. We went to see our view: A view of Michigan Ave.! Our beds were great, and we had two beautiful marble bathrooms with beautiful soaps and shampoos. A mending kit and a shower cap. Even more. The bathrooms had a hairdryer ( I would pack a hair dryer, I have short thin hair and it took me about 45 minutes for me to dry my hair and when we had to go eat it still wasn't dry! )and an extending magnifiying mirror. We had a safe, an excellent closet, walk-in. When we opened the door to the minibar, our jaws dropped again. A stocked fridge, a trow-away camara, gummies, snacks, crackers, candy, etc..... The mini-bar came with a price list , whooow. $16.50 for a trow-away camara. We had to buy it because there wasn't a store that sold camaras until 15 minutes away! We only bought the camara. The tv was huge. We had wireless internet on the tv like the new Msn-Tv. You could access your e-mail for a fee. There is a neat book in the room about the Drake's history. Queen Elizabeth II stayed there! We had free postcards and stationary in our room. We went shopping. Our bags were taken up to our rooms by the bellman, we returned to a broken door lock again. Housekeeping came and fixed it again.Around 5:00 we went to dinner at the Rosebud Steakhouse, just a short miniute walk down the street. The food was great. Our waiter was Teddy. At the end of the meal I said my compliments to the Chef. As we were about to leave, Teddy brought out the chef, so I cound meet him and tell him personally. (I want to be a cook when I grow up. ) Later on we left to see the Lion King on Broadway around 7:00 We came back around 11:00. Our door was finally fixed. We ordered a sunday and a coke from room-service. The sunday was $3.00 and the $2.00! $! Five dollars total for a snack. Room-service promptly delivered it. We set the tray outside our room to find we we woke up and left the hotel to go home the tray was still there. We did have a free complimentary newspaper outside our door, through. I would love to come back to the Drake again, and you will love it, too.	
May 11 2003	They ruined Mothers Day!		
Apr 14 2003	Loved The Drake!		
Apr 8 2003	Loved the Drake		
Feb 4 2003	Great stay		
Jan 24 2003	Drake family and woman friendly		
Dec 12 2002	Slipping down the slope		
Dec 5 2002	Thanksgiving Day Brunch		
Nov 6 2002	Great 10 Days		
Feb 22 2002	Do it at The Drake!		
Jan 17 2002	The GranOld Old Dame is Young		
Sep 3 2009 	Affascinante		
May 9 2009 	????????????		
Jan 24 2007 	Faszinierend		
