Nov 16 2009 	great hotel and location not so good staff	So the hotel was great, great location especially for two 22 year old girls who want to shop, party and site see. Our room was great and although there was no view at all it was very comfortable. The only problem we had was the staff. Normally I would like to avoid using names but I feel that Rachel should be mentioned. She should NOT be in the service industry! When a couple in front of us asked for a statement folio she slammed down the phone in anger and was huffing and puffing, me and my friend were actually too scared to approach her at any point to ask any questions incase she exploded in the same way. She was always in the back office and never manning the front desk and i dont believe i seen her smile once her attitude was appalling. There was also another lady whos name I didnt get, she was also quite ignorant and abrupt. On the bright side the valet staff and another 2 front desk staff a young girl and boy were both very friendly so we were actually able to get in a few questions here and there. We also used the pool which was fun but very very shallow, nice and relaxin after a full days shopping though. I would recommend this hotel mainly for its location and certainly not for rachel!!	
Nov 15 2009 	Great hotel/Great Staff	Stayed at this hotel Nov 13 - Nov 15. Super location one block off Michigan Ave. The Desk staff could not have been more accommodating, very helpful and friendly. We arrived early, about 10:30 AM and they searched and found a room already cleaned for us. We had expected to store our bags until the regular check in time. They provided discount coupons for local restaurants, and were happy to make reservations, which got us great seating. The hotel is very clean and quiet. The only knock is the price of the breakfast is way out of line for the quality of food, but there are other restaurants close by. Also, parking is $38/night, but we took the train into Chicago, so did not have that expense.Will stay here next time to Chicago for sure.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great welcome to the city	I was waiting to write review to ask my son the name of the check in clerk whose name escapes me. He epitomizes this great city and we had a nice chat or two during our stay.I also saw him leaving a party laughing upon their check in. This says alot about the hotel and your first impression.My son loved the room and location as I let him choose which Starwood property as we were using points. Yes we could have stayed at Westin or the Towers but this was a great choice. With points you only get a single bedded room but they upgraded us to a two bed even though I offered to pay for a cot. The pillows were the most comfortable I've ever used and the beds were twin I believe and extremely comfortable. I don't understand why americans have to have hugh beds...this was perfectly satisfactory.The room had a mini fridge, great for storing drinks from the nearby trader joes downstairs along with a close by 711. It's hard to find a badly placed property in Chicago, and this one is right in the thick of things and can't imagine a better located hotel. We also enjoyed the spa after a long day of walking and the fact the hotel isn't too snooty and you can relax and enjoy the facilities.The view was nice, one of the things I look for when booking, of a pink restaurant but we didn't have time to try. We were fixated on trying all the pizza joints.Again, being high season and crowded we still got excellent service.	
Nov 12 2009 	early december stay at the Four Points Sheraton	I came across a great deal on expedia: non-stop airfare from Philly to O'hare plus 4 nights accomodation at the Four Points, for my wife, I, and 2 kids, for about $1250. I was worried that the deal was too good to be true, but alas, for once, I was not disappointed.The hotel is situated perfectly. 1-2 blocks from Michigan avenue, and about 2 blocks from the red line subway. There are myriad shopping and dining options within 5 minutes walk.The lobby is fairly unassuming and not the kind of place you'd want to hang out long in. The restaurant and bar, if I remember correctly, are on the 4th floor (never went to either). We were put up on the top floor, which was extremely quiet (maybe just got lucky but we didn't hear a peep from anyone). My kids would never think of visiting a hotel and not going to the pool - we made several visits to the pool at this hotel. It's small, and only 3.5 feet deep at the &quot;deep&quot; end. But I imagine in the middle of august, after a day of walking outside all day, the pool would feel very, very refreshing. I much preferred the hot tub, which was a perfect temperature, but unfortunately out of service for one of the three days we went to the pool area. The exercise area was nice, with about 3 treadmills, a couple of stationary bikes, an elliptical trainer or two, and some free weights. There were TVs in the gym, but no view outside.All in all, for the price we paid (and even for the price I believe the rooms usually go for) this hotel is an excellent deal. We'd stay again.	
Oct 29 2009 	Perfect in every way	My daughter (age 9) and I stayed at the Four Points recently with the American Girl package. Our experience was perfect in every way. The doorman, Philip, is friendly , the front desk staff is helpful, the breakfast was tasty (free with the American Girl package), the room was just right, the beds were very comfy, the pool was clean and well stocked with towels, and the location couldn't be better for the price. We'll definitely be back.	
Oct 20 2009 	Four Points staff was extremely helpful 	Door man was very friendly.The front desk personnel were knowledgeable and friendly.Our room was clean and the American Girl package was great for the kids -- they loved the beds for their dolls and the cookies &amp; milk that were waiting for them upon our arrival.The location was great for our shopping activities as well as our excursion to Navy Pier.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great location great value	We stayed at this hotel over Labor Day weekend 2009. The location could not be beat. We walked to restaurants, Millenium Park, Chicago River Cruise. The price was super and the room was great. We had a microwave and mini refrigerator in our room.	
Oct 12 2009 	Nice hotel nice location	Nice hotel right off Magnificent Mile &amp; within walking distance to many things. Convenient parking in garage connected to the hotel. Balcony room was nice, but the balcony really doesn't amount to much. Room was quiet and had no trouble sleeping. Friendly staff - especially the front door employee. I'd stay there again, but skip the hotel's breakfast area. The breakfast was way overpriced and the burritos and fried potatoes were so bad we couldn't eat them.	
Oct 12 2009 	Little Gem just off the Magnificent Mile	What a great downtown, moderately priced hotel, with a perfect location. Good pool area ( though a spoiled 9 and 8yr old felt it was a little “lame” as it didn’t have the waterslides like the Water parks in the Dells. However, this didn’t stop them from hours of swimming.) Smallish whirlpool that was nice and hot, and comfortable seating areas made it a nice place to relax after a day on the go. The rooms were nicely appointed, clean with a refrigerator/microwave and sofa bed in ours. The 2 beds and sofa bed suited us well for this trip (2 adults/2 children). The bathrooms were basic, yet clean with nice amenities and a good hair dryer.Reception area was well staffed with friendly people, candy offered in the afternoon and fresh fruit in the morning. Really makes for a welcoming welcome. The door was managed by the nicest Doorman/bellman/public relations person I have run across in ages. Phillip would be an asset to any 4 diamond hotel on Michigan Ave. Just a block off Michigan Ave, this little gem offers quality service, a good sleep, and a reasonable alternative if you are not looking for glitz and glamour.We would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great stay great location	Four Points is in a great spot in downtown Chicago, accessible to both the Mag Mile and Rush Street, you can walk everywhere. Friendly front desk employees, very helpful valets. My husband and I ran the Chicago marathon and needed a late checkout, even though the hotel was soldout they were very helpful with us and our schedule. Good pool, one of the few downtown.	
Sep 22 2009 	Great Service Value and Location	My husband and I drove to Chicago for a fun weekend with our two girls 5 and 7 yrs. I had researched many of the hotels in the city and preferred to be near Mag Mile shops and especially walking distance to American Girl store. When my husband and I travel we prefer the higher end locations with nice decor and outstanding service and amenities. This time my main concern was location and a reasonable rate. The Four Points was a pleasant surprise and all the reviews about great customer service are true. The concierge/doorman (Darron) was so outgoing and friendly and really made us feel welcome and at home. We got to know him as we went on our adventures every day. Not like some other hotels where they make you feel like you're a bother. The foyer was very nicely decorated with Chahuly (sp) prints and glass art around, and the kids were thrilled to find a candy dish that was stocked regularly while we were there. They also had an American Girl doll on display with a drawing for a free doll or discount of some kind. The parking garage (attached) was tight to get into with our Yukon, but once inside was fine. I think it was $38/night for guests. Inside the parking elevator to the hotel, it was nice to find complimentary coffee made. Also, there is a Trader Joe's and Starbuck's, not off the lobby, but inside the same building on the next corner over. There's plenty of Chicago deep dish pizza in walking distance for even little legs. (Pizzaria Due is across the street, Gino's East on Superior just up Michigan, and our favorite, Giordano's up the street on Rush &amp; Superior.) For finer dining there's the Laury's steak house right across the street as well. For shopping you are literally 1 block off Michigan Avenue, so shop till you drop!This hotel while maybe not that impressive by the pictures, and being an 8-story building instead of a skyscraper, is still perfect for a quick weekend with the kids. I was so glad we didn't pay for the Park Hyatt, or Drake because we really had everything we needed without the stuffy attitudes. They have an indoor pool (a little chilly) and elevated hot tub, and also have a nice/small workout room with individual TV screens in front of each machine with fresh earpeice covers and free bottled water. Regarding the room, we booked a Queen/Queen room and it ended up having a sofa sleeper also in the room which was unexpected. If you need that you should probably request to be sure you get it. I was left regretting I didn't invite my mom to go with us!The room is a little tight like most hotel rooms, but we were not in the room that much, only to drop off our goodies. They have an MP3 speaker player for iPods, a hard wire internet connection/port, and mini frig, microwave and coffee maker. It was nice to have the frig for leftover pizza! Bathroom was nothing fancy but clean and adequate. Pictures were tasteful and pillows were quite comfy. The bed was a little firm for me but my husband loved it. The staff was great, and when my husband went down to the desk to request more towels, they said to please not worry about a thing and in the future just call down and they would send up whatever we needed. It seems they have a great training program regarding customer service, because every time you passed anyone in the hotel that worked there, they stopped what they were doing, looked you in the eye and said hello or even started a conversation. Great mid-western friendly feel!As you can tell we highly recommend 4 Points! Say hi to Darron for us from the family with the redhead from St. Louis.	
Sep 12 2009 	Great place to stay	I stayed at the Four Points for two nights and would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to stay in the Magnificent Mile part of downtown. The access to everything in the River North/Magnificent Mile area is phenomenal. It's a block West of Michigan Ave, and in the heart of all the shopping and restaurants in the River North area. Given that it's cheaper than many hotels in the area, it's a great value for the location.The rooms are nice. A little sparse, but definitely nice. The beds were very comfortable and the bathroom looked like it was recently renovated. There is wireless (and wired) FREE internet service in all of the rooms (and a business center in the hotel where you can use a computer if you didn't bring your own). There was also free bottled water in the room. The staff was very accommodating too. They easily switched my reservation (the day of arrival) from a king bed to two double beds. If you park in their hotel parking lot, it's $38 for your entire stay. That's a great deal for leaving your car in the city for 2.5 days (as we did). You also get to leave your car in the parking lot until 6pm (i.e., 6 hours past check-out).	
Sep 3 2009 	I would definetely stay here again.	I booked a double king bed with a sofa that could be used as a bed. We found the room clean and very nice on the 7th floor. The hotel is smoke free and we never smelled smoke. We used the business center to check our personal emails as it was open all night. We did not use the pool due to a heavy chlorine smell. The front desk clerk Genise was very friendly and helpful as was the doorman who was always quick to open the door and offer a smile. I believe his name was Ezra.......... We had to get up really early and leave the hotel to attend a A.M Oprah show taping. We mentioned it to Genise the night before and a cab was waiting for us around 5:30 am. It was also raining, and the security guard was nice enough to give us a Umbrella to use for the day. Our hotel was one block from the Magnificent Mile, and honestly was close to everything. I would not hesitate to use this hotel again. It was clean, quiet and the staff were very friendly and service oriented.	
Aug 28 2009	Four Points by Sheraton Chicago - A Fantastic Hotel 	My 17 year old granddaughter and I stayed for the first time at this hotel based on the recommendation of friend who had just stayed there. We arrived on Friday, 8/21, earlier than planned and were greeted so warmly by the bellman and staff we could not believe it - it made us feel as though we were truly welcomed! Even though we were early we were given a room, the room was exceptionally clean and remained that way until our departure on Sunday, 8/23. We cannot say enough about this hotel's staff from the cleaning folks on up we were greeted at all times - very unusual and I have traveled a lot of places and stayed in a lot of hotels and have never been made to feel so welcome; nor have I experienced such a clean hotel. The pillows, towels, bedding were great and we slept just wonderfully. We also liked the location - it was only a block up from Michigan Avenue on Ontario so it was an easy access to everywhere we needed to be and we could stop back any time for a break and not have to go so far. Great place, great staff and we will go back. Thanks for the experience!	
Aug 14 2009 	Not amazing but certainly a nice hotel.	I have stayed at the Four Points by Sheraton in Nashville (fancy lobby, large rooms, big flatscreen TV) and was expecting something along the same lines when I booked this hotel. It's definitely not the same-- most everything is fairly average. I got a great rate for this room on Priceline though, so I wasn't really upset about it. Two things that did irritate me: (1) we were told there was a continental breakfast. I guess I've not stayed at many fancy hotels, because I was very surprised when I wandered down and they wanted $28 per person for breakfast. Ouch. I can't tell you how it was because we left and went to Starbucks (just around the corner). (2) Parking for two nights cost me $78. It's not even valet. Seemed a little ridiculous.This hotel is in a great location. It's just off Michigan Avenue, right where all the great shopping is. You can grab a cup of coffee, catch the bus, grab a cab, whatever. It's all right there. The staff was also very helpful and knowledgeable. So, while this wasn't the plush hotel I was expecting, it certainly met my expectations as far as comfort and quietness.	
Aug 6 2009 	A bit vanilla but a nice hotel for the price.	We only had a few days in Chicago for this trip and decided to stay at this hotel because of the great location and very reasonable price. It is not as stylish or luxurious as we typically enjoy, but we were not disappointed. Located right off Michigan Avenue at Rush &amp; Ontario, the Four Points is a nice hotel with some decent amenities. Our room was very large with a balcony, however not all rooms feature that outdoor space. The room also had a refrigerator and a microwave, but no safe. Clean and comfortable, it was a good value for a downtown location.	
Aug 2 2009 	A good experience.	I am allergic to feather pillows, and requested foam pillows with our reservation. The front desk called just after we arrived to our room and they apologized and sent up foam pillows, when I opened the door the guy with the pillows said to me, &quot; You need eight pillows?&quot; I thought this was rude, but realized he had not been informed. We tried the breakfast buffet the first day but realized it is a bit pricey $10-$15, but it is average for the area. Otherwise, it was a great experience. They have a refrigerator, microwave and coffee maker in the room and a grocery store very close if you need to pick up anything. They also had two computers available with a printer. It is centrally located and we were able to walk to what ever we needed. The front door man was great and helped us get our cab.	
Jul 15 2009	Okay hotel nothing special	This hotel is in a great location for shopping on the magnificent mile. It is not too far of a walk to the loop or Water Tower Place. We stayed here to see Mary Poppins at the Cadillac Theater on starwood points. We were supposedly upgraded to a suite as it was me and my son (22) in a king room. The room was clean, had a stove and refrigerator, Seattles Best coffee, and a sofa bed, decent enough, but I certainly wouldn't call it a suite. The hotel staff seemed to be friendly. I have no complaints, I just always thought the Four Points was supposed to be a step up from the plain Sheratons. I would definitely stay here again (if I got a good deal) because I did like the location.	
Jul 14 2009 	Overall nice hotel	Hotel was clean and staff was friendly. Not too big, so it was quiet and not crowded. Small business center (2 computers) and nice pool. Within walking distance of Magnificient Mile. About 6 blocks from American Girl place, and they offer an American Girl package that includes a foam travel bed for your doll. New cafe in hotel was not the best. The breakfast buffet on 4th floor was OK, though. Lawry's Prime Rib is across the street and does takeout, but overpriced for so-so food. There's a Chili's and a Starbuck's nearby, as well as a Trader Joe's.	
Jul 6 2009 	Satisfactory but don't ask for adjoining rooms	We are five female friends who went to Chicago for a girls week out, booking two rooms at the Four Points four &amp; a half months prior to our arrival. We requested adjoining rooms. We called a week before our arrival to confirm our request. We called from the airport half way through our trip to confirm adjoining rooms. When we arrived at the hotel at 2:00 p.m., we were told that we could not have adjoining rooms. Our rooms were on the same floor but not even exactly opposite of each other. We complained to the desk manager to no avail. On the third day of the trip, we ran into the hotel manager who asked if everything was to our likely. We explained our dissatisfaction about the hotel ignoring our request for adjoining rooms. He was polite, apolgized, and treated us to breakfast. One of our rooms had a balcony with a nice view. However, a previous occupant had left cigarette butts on the balcony, and no one had cleaned them up prior to our arrival or during our stay. Would we stay there again if we were returning to Chicago? No, we would not.	
Jun 29 2009 	Absolutely wonderful experience~American Girl Package was awesome!	My family and I decided to take an all girls weekend to Chicago. It was our first trip to Chicago. Our main reason for going was to spend the weekend at the American Girl Place with our daughters (12, 11, 6 and 2). We paid extra for the American Girl package and I have to tell you the girls LOVED it! When we arrived the check-in went pretty smoothly (except we had booked 3 rooms over the phone and only 2 were waiting for us...they quickly got us a 3rd room for the same price and fairly close to the other 2), the bellman was very helpful. The girls were thrilled to get in our room with the GIGANTIC chocolate chip cookies and milk. The cookies were the best I've ever tasted! The girls also each got a pink fold up foam bed for their dolls It turns into a bed or folds into a chair). I was actually rather impressed. We had originally only been able to get 2 American Girl packages, but as soon as we got there we paid extra for a 3rd one. The beds were authentic American Girl brand and came with a cute blanket. We had a hard time finding the American Girl movie on the TV, but finally figured out that the channel they told us was the wrong one (the people at the front desk had no idea what the channel was either). Since we had 3 rooms, I'll just explain the one I stayed in. We had 2 large beds and a pullout couch. I had my 3 girls and we all fit very comfortably! There was a great view from our room, the room was very clean and pleasant. We got our rooms (with the American Girl Doll package) for less than $150/night. The pool was nice, but not very deep or large...however my girls LOVED it! There was a very nice exercise room and a hot tub. The area around the pool was pretty large. The bellman was able to tell us directions, hail us cabs (there were 10 of us total and he didn't miss a beat finding something big enough for everyone) and help us with all of our many bags. The lobby was really rather nice and I found the rooms, hallways and all the other areas to be updated (I'm not sure why another reviewer who was there at the same time would think it was outdated...it wasn't). We did have breakfast at the hotel for one morning. I wasn't terribly impressed with the breakfast, but it worked well since it was so close to our room. They had cereal, muffins, eggs, sausage and waffle makers (which is what my girls loved). I would definetly stay at this hotel again with my family. The price couldn't be beat and the location was wonderful! The service was friendly, fast and very knowledgable.	
Jun 4 2009 	Nice Hotel	We paid $85USD per night plus taxes which was a great priceline deal for this hotel. Normally the price is around $300 per night but I definitely wouldn't pay that much.The rooms are large, clean and comfortable. The front desk staff were very helpful although they did lose all of the requests I had phoned in ahead of time. The hotel is located a block from the Mag mile so it's great for shopping and tourism. It's also very easy to get to from the highway which is a plus with downtown traffic.	
Apr 26 2009 	Convenient Location Pleasant Stay	This is my first trip to Chicago. Choose Four Points because it is less expensive than some other conference hotels. However, was charged $10 more per night on check-in because double beds cost more than the king bed rate (which was not the rate quoted when I booked the room). Amenities were average, but location is great. Housekeeping Service cleaned our room around early- to mid-afternoon (was hoping it will be earlier). Other than the extra charge per night and the housekeeping service being a bit later than I had expected, the overall stay has been pleasant. The hotel is clean and not the typical glitzy hotel, but a warm home-away-from-home experience. Will not mind staying here again the next time I am in town.	
Apr 24 2009 	Felt Like a Four Star Hotel	What was not to like about this property? The check in was prompt and courteous. We were given a room on the 8th floor although we aren't Starwood Honors. Can't figure out why we got it since we paid only $106 per night which I felt was a bargain in Chicago.The room was comfortable, the bed was perfect and the microwave and refrigerator were very handy. The last morning before going to Midway we purchased breakfast burritos next door at Trader Joes and popped them in the microwave.The location of the hotel is very convenient to everything in the downtown area. You couldn't leave the hotel without someone on the staff asking if you needed a taxi. Very professional staff including the maid.This will be our hotel when we return to Chicago.	
Apr 18 2009 	A 3-star hotel that felt like a 3-star hotel or less.	After reading some of the more recent positive reviews, I was a bit disappointed upon experiencing this hotel myself. Some of my disappointments included:* Room and hallways feel a bit dated, and do not feel fresh. I could smell stale pee on the sofa in our room. * The hotel hot tub was gross. There was brown scum in the bubbles. Never went more than once because of this. Also, no change room by the pool.* The front desk did not want to be there, and it showed. I felt like such an inconvenience whenever I asked a question. * Location: I actually prefer to stay in the Loop area. Magnificent Mile area is too busy and over-priced. We wanted a deep dish pizza one night on the weekend, and every deep dish restaurant had a line outside. Didn't have this problem in the Loop area. And note to shoppers - there is more variety and better deals at stores in the Loop area (e.g. Macy's on State St. is better than Macy's at Magnificant Mile; Filene's Basement on State St. is much better than the one on Magnificent Mile, and same with Nordstrom and Marshalls on State St.)* Too many families with kids &amp; strollers staying at this hotel for my liking. This might explain the pee smell on our sofa. There were some positive points to this hotel:* Value. Paid only $800 Canadian for a package deal consisting of four nights at this hotel (over Easter Weekend) and round trip flights from Toronto (for two people). * The Bellmen were extremely nice, unlike the desk workers. * The rooms were quite spacious. I think we may have been upgraded without requesting it. * The business center came in handy, as we needed to print something. * There is free coffee on the 3rd floor. * The hotel did keep our luggage in storage, since our flight was many hours after our check-out time. * I did like the smell of apple cider in the lobby, as noted by a previous review. As a comparison, we liked Hotel Blake much more than this hotel (refer to my Blake review) . Both are listed as 3-star hotels, but Blake felt like a 3+ star hotel, and is botique style.	
Apr 11 2009 	Exceeded our expectations!	Only spent one night but we had a great experience. We were able to check in early and they upgraded us to a larger room, which doesn't happen often when we travel. The staff was helpful. The room was very comfortable for us (it included a microwave and refrigerator) and immaculate. Another traveler's comments reminded me of the squeeky clean tub that's almost slippery. I forgot to ask what they use to clean their tubs! All looked recently remodeled. The pool is small but the kids enjoyed it. My only complaint about the entire visit was that there was too much chlorine in the hot tub. My husband liked the free internet but wasn't able to get that connected; we probably could have gotten that resolved but didn't bother. The location is close walking distance to Michigan Avenue shopping and many good restaurants. There is no full service restaurant on site but it's not a problem unless, I suppose, the weather was awful and you couldn't get out easily. But what a terrific value for a hotel. We hope to be back!	
Mar 31 2009 	Convenient and comfortable	We loved the location of the hotel. The room was spacious, the bed a dream. Wonderful to have the convenience of a microwave and refrigerator. We were allowed to check in early which we so appreciated after a very early flight. Free use of the business center was very helpful. Very nice and friendly staff. Enjoyed the whirlpool after lots of walking each day.	
Mar 29 2009 	Struggled to find a bad point	I read a lot of reviews online before booking this hotel. I had high hopes, but was expecting some letdowns. We only stayed one night, but the hotel was all that hoped and more. We were upgraded with no fuss to an &quot;extra comfy&quot; room, and it was. Every last memeber of the staff we encountered were wonderful. They were extremely nice and very quick to answer any questions we had. The rooms was quiet and very clean and comfortable. We were expecting that we would find SOME problems with the hotel..here's what we found: the bathclub was so clean that the smooth bottom was a bit slippery. The manager apologized profusely and told me that there should have been a mat in the corner of the tub..we missed that. The in the pool area also got a bit slippery when wet. That was the best we could come up with for complaints. My only reason for NOT recommending this hotel would be that it may then be booked next time I go.	
Mar 24 2009 	Great Location	This was a great location for the price. We were in town for St. Patrick's Day and could not be more pleased with our stay. The hotel was in a great location and we walked everywhere. It was a short walk to the River and there were plenty of Irish Bars close by as well. The front desk staff were very nice and knowledgeable. The bell man was very attentive. They had a breakfast buffet in the restaurant that was okay and somewhat reasonably priced. The 2nd day the eggs were cold and were not replenished. The fruit was good and the make your own waffles were the best.My only complaint was that the pillows were too soft and squishy. Yes there were a lot of pillows on the bed, but it was difficult to find the right combination for the support I needed. Overall, I would recommend.this hotel for leisure or business travelers.	
Feb 25 2009 	Loved This Hotel!	I want to start off and say that I had not one issue with this hotel! While not extravagant, it had everything you could need. My room was huge and clean and comfortable. The front desk staff was SO nice and helpful. The location was perfect - nice safe neighborhood a block away from Magnificent Mile, and close to lots of subway stops - really perfect for getting around. The pool was great, I loved the fitness center, the hot tub was relaxing...it was just a great travel experience where not one thing went wrong. From check in to check out, it was smooth sailing. What an incredible value, because I only spent $100/night...so for a hotel this nice in such a great location, that is such a deal. Would recommend this to anyone visiting Chicago for business or leisure. Also, the lobby and elevators smelled like hot apple cider...very comforting and pleasant!	
Feb 17 2009 	Excellent Hotel Outstanding Location	The room was clean and spacious with neutral furnishings. The bed was comfortable but squeaky and the pillows were squishy. The fridge and microwave in the room were nice. Everything in the hotel was updated and in good condition. The pool was small, but well maintained. The chlorine was strong and the deepest part was 3ft. 6in. The staff was friendly and helpful. Location was excellent; just 1 block to Michigan Avenue. I highly recommend the Four Points by Sheraton!	
Jan 18 2009 	Great location and great price!	We stayed 2 nights in November 08 and it was great being a block away from the Magnificent Mile, where the Santa Claus (Festival of Lights) parade was happening. Location:The location is great and we walked to everything! PF Changs, Howl at the Moon for duelling pianos and we even walked to the Wicked Theatre. It was a great home base.bedroom: We got upgraded to jaquzzi tub - it was niceBathroom: fine - no dual shower heads or anything, but had the wide shower curtainGym: small, but was ok.Front desk: great service and good maps.Getting there: we rented a car from the airport, but with everything in walking distance, we didn't really need to, but the rates were low. Parking was $29/day though.	
Dec 26 2008 	Four Points is OK but there is better out there	We stayed at the Four Points because we were making a trip with our 6 year old to the American Girl store and this hotel is recommended on the AG website. We booked the AG package and were given everything promised. Our daughter loved the &quot;extras&quot; that came with this package and she was treated like an adult. She also loved the swimming pool and the breakfast at the hotel was one of the best that I've ever seen. Other than that, the room which was promised to be a king had a smaller bed and the room itself was extremly small and really nothing special. The lobby is very small also. It is 7 blocks from Water Tower Place (about a $6 cab ride). This isn't one of the grandest hotels in Chicago, but it met our needs for the night.	
Dec 5 2008 	Huge disappointment	If you have a problem do not expect the management to respond or care. My wife booked this hotel for a getaway to celebrate our thirty-ninth anniversary. Upon check-in we found it curious that for an extra cost you could upgrade to &quot;extra comfy.&quot; Since we did not select this option we can only assume that &quot;extra comfy&quot; includes bed pillows that actually support your head. On the second day of our stay, after a long day of shopping, my wife went back to the room to take a nap. I opted for the hot tub. While walking alongside the pool to get to the hot tub, I slipped on a wet spot, fell and injured my knee. I reported it immediately to the front desk. The gentleman that I was told was in charge of security asked if I wanted to go to the emergency room. I did not believe the injury was serious enough to warrant that and he did get me some ice for my obviously swollen knee. The next day he assured me he had reported it to the hotel management and they would be contacting me. Upon check-out several days later there still had been no contact. It was now apparent that I would need to visit my family doctor when I returned home. I had to go back to the front desk several times before the manager, Travis Bowman, would make time to see me. In what I preceived was an insincere attempt to pacify me, he indicated he had already notified the hotel's insurance company and there would probably be a phone message waiting for me when I returned home. After waiting three weeks I called the hotel manager. Within the next twenty-four hours I received a phone call from a very rude claims representative.Today, more than five months later, after having submitted all of the required paperwork, I received a letter indicating that my claim in the amount of $48.95 (knee brace, co-pay for visit to family doctor, co-pay for prescription medication) had been denied. My mistake was trusting that this hotel and its liability insurance carrier had a moral conscience. I will never stay here again.	
Nov 30 2008 	bitterly dissapointed...just a pathetic experience	Booked a stay for one night to visit the American Girl Doll experience with my 7 year old. I have stayed at this location several times for business so was anticipating a fun night with all of the American Girl Doll special touches promised by the website.Was greeted by an apathetic front desk clerk, &quot;Virginia,&quot; who was the absolute worst example of customer service I have ever experienced...she could not be bothered to assist us in any way. Instead we were privy to a long tirade about how someone had rearragned her front desk supplies - it was just a joke - this person has no business in a front desk role.Our room was adequate and very clean, but imagine my shock when I arrived home to see I have been charged for TWO nights, rather than the ONE night we stayed at the hotel. So now I am beginning the fun process of disputing charges. It is like the Sheraton slipped into some weird void of crazy stuff for a night or something - just not the hotel it has been for my previous stays.The next morning, at 8:11 a.m., housekeeping came charging into the room - ready to clean - not even bothering to knock on our room door - frightening my daughter and irritating me as we would have very much enjoyed sleeping in. Maybe at least until 8:30 a.m. when we had scheduled a wake-up call. Seriously? 8:11 a.m.? The American Girl Doll package is a joke - do not go to this hotel if you believe they will deliver on the many little special things promised on their site. We got a wrinkled notecard in our room telling us our milk was in the fridge with a pre-packaged cookie, the movie on the hotel channel was not the movie promised, there was zero &quot;welcoming&quot; of my daughter... the whole thing is just a joke. Which is messed up since small children get super excited when they think something amazing is promised.While I have made a point of choosing this hotel for business stays, it was such a negative experience that I am instead making a point of having it removed from my companies list of &quot;preferred&quot; hotels.	
Nov 21 2008 	Nice Business Class hotel at a Good Value	This is a very nice business class hotel right off the Magnificent Mile at a very good value/price. Excellent location and the rooms are rather large and come with free internet/wifi and free bottle of water. Rooms also have a fridge, microwave and standard coffee maker. This 4 Points Sheraton hotel stands above the other Sheraton hotel in downtown Chicago in both amenities and location. I will be staying here again in my next trip to Chicago.	
Nov 18 2008 	Loved the Four Points Sheraton!	I just got back from a 3 night stay at the Four Points Sheraton in downtown Chicago. The location is fantastic, 1 block off of the Magnificent Mile with tons of great restaurants nearby. I travelled with my 2 5-year olds and felt very safe which was important to me. You needed your hotel key to use the elevator, stairs, etc. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the entire hotel was very clean. The kids loved the pool area. Looking forward to staying there again in the spring. Great value for the price.	
Oct 19 2008 	Great Place!	Luxurious? No. But this place is truly a great value for the space, quality, and location. I was in Chitown for business (go about 3-4 times/year) and now this place is my regular place to stay, as it is centrally located, completely renovated, quiet for a downtown hotel, and staffed by kind, helpful people. In particular, the location is great - plenty of great shopping and restaurants to hit up after your day of work or sightseeing. I stay in Starwood properties more than any others and this one is by far the best of their Four Points line that I've stayed in recently (I've stayed in many) because of the staff and location. Clean, modern, quiet, great location, and well-priced - if you are in Chicago often for work, this is a great place to give you business to repeatedly.	
Oct 18 2008 	Great hotel great value	We stayed at this hotel for just one night during the Chicago Marathon. It has a great location for tourists, with easy access to buses on Mag Mile and the Red Line trains. Two grocery stores are within a couple blocks (Jewel &amp; Trader Joe's), and the room is equipped w/ small fridge and microwave. Plenty of nearby dining.The room is typical for a value-business hotel; above average as far as condition. Good bedding, nice towels, very nice bath area, standard Sheraton/Starwood Speakman showerhead w/ good pressure and temperature. We had a room w/ 2 DB's and a pullout sofa. Note that while this room is listed as a suite, it's just one big space - no dividers or privacy.The staff at this property were fantastic. Very friendly and helpful. Front desk, doorman, housekeeping, etc. - all great without exception.The pool area was very nice. The pool is only 3.5-feet deep, so may be a bummer for older kids but for young ones or laps it's perfect.I personally think this is the best of it's peers in Chicago.	
Oct 17 2008 	GREAT Location; comfortable room; would stay again for sure!	Stayed for 3 nights back in June 08. Booked sight-unseen based on location, rate and being a starwood preferred guest. Was pleasantly surprised. Yeah, its not the Ritz, but we didn't pay for the Ritz -- the Westin was about $300/night at that time. We paid about $200/night (summer rates!) and spent an extra $40 to upgrade to the &quot;Comfy Room&quot; -- probably wasn't totally worth it except it MAY have been slightly larger than a regular room. (We never saw a regular room, so we couldn't compare). We thought it would be larged and since we had 4 adult women in the room, we paid to upgrade. The room was fine for us 4. The Comfy Room also had an iPod player, which was nice. Bathroom a bit small, but lots of (marble) counter space.Rooms were clean and comfy. Loved the mini-fridge and microwave. Didn't find it too loud in the room. There's a Trader Joe's around the corner, so we stocked up on bottled water, wine and snacks. All of the staff was extremely personable. They also will hold your luggage after you check-out if you have a late flight out of the city, which was nice. (We flew in, so we didn't have to pay to park). The hotel is only 4 city blocks from the Grant stop on the red-line, so it was a quick walk from the subway (L).Perfect location. 4 blocks up is &quot;Rosebud on Rush&quot; which was WONDERFUL for dinner. Pricey, but worth every penny!Am going back in January and will stay there again -- for a much lower rate (about $145!)	
Sep 25 2008 	Adequate place to stay	Overall, a very nice stay. Rooms are nice and spacious. Very clean. Staff was very pleasant and extremely helpful. Some areas need to be improved. Bar area is a roll away bar and fitness center is very small. Good for business travel. I would stay here again if it was for that reason. I think that Four Points must be undergoing some type of image &quot;make-over&quot;. They seem upgraded over the last two-three years.	
Aug 20 2008 	We'd stay here again!	We got a great price through Travelocity, bundled in with airfare, and wound up paying about $115 a night for two people. For that price, this is a steal! It's a mid range hotel that gets bumped up a category for a few things: location, amenities and staff. Yes, the front desk staff (and the doormen) were gracious and helpful. We are low-key people and don't place many demands, but these folks were great. Next - The room was clean; the beds and pillows were good. There were two double beds, and a sofa bed. Good size room. We were there during the Olympics so did in fact use the TV every night (yup, every night). No probs with the TV / channels or reception. The air conditioning was fine. Coffee pot, microwave, fridge were all clean and functioned well. On our way in one evening, we asked for more coffee at the front desk (no decaf for us - who needs to sleep on vacation?!) and they immediately handed some over. Trader Joes - turn right out the front door. Go to corner and turn right again and go half-way down block. (We live near a Trader Joe's in Philadelphia so were thrilled to be near one.) Pack your own bottle opener or corkscrew - we forgot and paid 5 bucks for a corkscrew (considering how much we saved, not a biggie...) I also packed my own plastic ware and cereal bowls - stuff like that is not Trader Joe's strong point. Because of the great location, if you like to walk, I would not recommend buying a multi-day CTA pass. From O'Hare, we took the blue line into Clark/Lake and took a taxi (less than $10). Didn't take a taxi again! If you are walkers, this is a very walkable area - over to the river for the boat tour, down into the loop for plays; up to North Shore, over to Navy Pier.I'd stay here again, and I'd recommend it to my friends and family. Chicago is a fabulous city to visit and this hotel definitely helped make the trip as great as it was.	
Aug 18 2008	Best Sales Department	I did not stay at this hotel but I find hotels for our group to have classes. Sandi Robinson in sales was very helpful and made sure all bases we covered. The person from my office that was involved with the group said it was very clean and there were great restaurants close. For entertainment, everything was withing walking distance. I would highly recommend this hotel for a group. Thank you Sandi!	
Aug 18 2008 	Great Location	Great Location, only one block from Michigan St! We were able to park our car &amp; walk everywhere the entire weekend. The rooms were very clean. Nothing fancy, just you basic hotel room with a few extras like microwave and frig. The staff was very nice and helpful. The pool was a little small but also very clean. There is a courtyard outside where you can hang out and have a few drinks. It was in a nice area &amp; we felt very safe. I will be staying here again!	
Aug 11 2008 	Great location in Chicago!	We booked our stay at the Four Points Magnificent Mile on the recommendation of a friend who had stayed there in the fall. I was disappointed that I couldn't find any kind of package deal and that the best rate that I could get was the nonrefundable internet rate. Fortunately, we were well pleased with our stay. The location is great, near everything that we needed: trolley stop, Grand subway station, Michigan Avenue, Giordano's Pizza, West Egg for breakfast and best of all there is a Trader Joe's in the building, so handy to pick up groceries for a light breakfast in the morning or a six pack in the evening - the rooms have a small refrigerator and microwave. The staff answered all of my questions completely, with brochures and hand-drawn maps. The room was well kept and while the parking rate was expensive, we were happy to have our car close by with in and out privileges if we needed it. We would gladly stay here again.	
Jul 28 2008 	Clean rooms Excellent location	My husband and I stayed at Four Points just 1 night and it was a pleasant stay with no major complaints. We did not feel the extreme friendliness of the reception people, in fact the person who took care of us did not have a 100% professional look - his suit had stains on it. Our room was spacious, it probably could fit another king bed. It had a balcony that was closed to our surprise. The balcony itself was not very well cleaned but that did not bother us a lot. The room was quiet from the outside (facing the corner of Michigan and Ontario) and we did not hear our neighbors at all! I liked the bathroom a lot - my husband said they put more in a bathroom than in a room, and that's probably true. However, they did not have shower gel and shower caps.Our room was clean - no dust around. Overall, we enjoyed our stay! PS Don't go to the Republic (pan-asian place) that is in the same building - not worth it. Sushi are good but overpriced. We paid about $100 for a dinner for 2.	
Jul 24 2008 	Brilliant!	Brilliant, Great Location, really helpful staff! Will definately stay here again when I come back to Chicago!	
Jul 13 2008 	Excellent Hotel	For travellers and tourists, it is hard, if not impossible, to beat the location of this hotel - steps from the shops of the Magnificient Mile, the bars and restaurants of Rush Street and Hubbard, walking distance from the theatres and parks. The hotel is busy yet tended by extremely friendly and efficient staff: from doormen to reception desk to cleaning staff, we were always greeted with a smile. We found the rooms to be sizable, very clean and stocked with useful amenities such as wifi access, mini-fridge and coffee maker. I can highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking to spend time in the heart of Chicago.	
Jun 13 2008 	A GREAT Hotel the staff make you feel welcomed.	My husband and I stayed here for our 5 year wedding anniversary. The room was CLEAN! The bathroom was CLEAN!!!! The king bed was comfy not like your normal hard hotel bed. They have a pool but it is not very deep, so it would be great for kids. When we come back we would stay here again and bring our kids.	
Jun 3 2008	Excellent Stay	I was there at a convention and had the most wonderful room! I highly recommend this hotel.	
May 27 2008	Great Hotel!	I booked our reservations through Hotrooms.com after The James Hotel would no longer honor my reservations due to a change in management [very last minute - I was NOT happy with The James Hotel!!]. I was originally bummed to be staying in a large chain instead of a small boutique hotel. The staff at the Sheraton, from the first person we met, were kind and fun and professional. The hotel has a 'small' feel, not a huge chain feel. They allowed us to get into our room early, the rooms were super clean and had a nice few. The location is perfect to walk to Michican Avenue or Rush Street shops and restaurants. I'd certainly stay here again.	
Apr 10 2008 	A nice surprise	Stayed two nights at the Four Points because it was priced well and in a nice location in Chicago. I did not expect much as past experiences at Four Points hotels have been poor. This one was very nice. I arrived unfortunately during Spring break and since this hotel is near the American Girl store (or perhaps there was an American Girl convention nearby) it was full to the brim with doll carrying young ladies. This simply meant that there were a lot of people everywhere. At check-in: lots of people. At breakfast: lots of people. At the pool: forget about getting near it. For some reason the fitness room was always empty though.Seriously, the room, which was the important part of the stay, was nice. It was deeper than most rooms so felt spacious. It was clean and decorated in light colors so it felt bright. The bed was comfortable. I was surprised to find a fridge and a microwave in the room. I do not know if these are standards or I was lucky. The hotel secures its elevators: you need a key to get to your floor. I like that in the cities.I had some trouble with the internet: not enough bandwidth, I guess, because it was slow and often did not complete its connections.The hotel is located over a grocery store (Trader Joe's) and is close to restaurants, stores, and sights to see. It is also near the subway. I took the subway from O'Hare for two dollars and walked about 1/2 a mile to the hotel, saving some money. I'd stay again. The rate could not be beat and in spite of the densely populated spaces (which may have been a anomaly for that week) the staff were consistently helpful and friendly.	
Apr 8 2008	Excellent Value in Nice Area	Being a middle-class family man and a small business traveler, I want clean facilities, a few amenties (basic indoor pool &amp; exercise rooms, DIY laundry), and friendly staff. I don't need anything fancy or Four Season Level service (I've stayed at the Ritz and The Four Seasons, when I was with another employer and someone else was in charge of the travel budget and there's no doubt that that level of service and amenity is nice, just not necessary).The Sheraton has all the basics. The room was clean, smelled clean, felt clean. Fridge, coffee,microwave and wireless internet all worked fine. Bed linens were a bit rough to the touch but to me that's a minor quibble. My TV emitted a really high pitched ringing after a while and if I'd been here with the kids, I'd have insisted on getting it fixed or changing rooms. Instead they comp'ed me breakfast and I banged on the speakers when the ringing started (I did give them a chance to fix the TV and they said they would but it never got better. As I said, no big deal since I was alone.There's no breakfast included by the way but I'm a foodie and there are a lot of nice places within walking distance. There is also a Trader Joes (great fully stocked real grocery, not a convenience store) just around the corner, which is fantastic for something to drink to put in the mini fridge or fresh fruit or more.The staff was pretty uniformly friendly and helpful which is the rarest thing in mid-priced hotels like this one. I'd certainly stay here again.	
Apr 5 2008 	Perfect for American Girl Getaway	We stayed at the Four Points for one night. We had the American Girl package. The room was only 115.00 a night plus parking and taxes which I thought was a great deal for the location. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Cathy at the front desk always acknowledged my daughter by name which made her feel special. The room is clean and comfortable. It is not luxurious but it served our needs well. If I were to stay longer it may not work out as well because we prefer rooms that have the bathroom sinks outside of the shower and toliet (just our preference). We could walk to everything we wanted to do, which was American Girl and some other shopping. We had breakfast at the hotel because it came with our package. I don't know if I would pay the $16.00 per person but we had omelettes, Seattle's best coffee, fresh fruit, cereal,juice, pastries which were actually pretty good. My daughter loved the fact that she got to keep the American girl bed that was in our room waiting for her along with chocolate chip cookies and milk. there is also free wi-fi. Check out is 12 noon but you can leave your car in the garage until 6:00pm which is great if you still want to shop or eat before heading home. Trader Joe's is next door if you want snacks and the room has a frig and microwave. My family and I really enjoyed our night here and would certainly go back.	
Mar 23 2008	Great stay	Our family of 4 stayed 2 nights and really liked it. The lobby is welcoming and smelled really nice. The staff was really pleasant and helpful. We had the Extra Comfy room with 2 doubles and a sofabed, which gave us more space to sit and move around. The sofa area was nice for eating the snacks we picked up at Trader Joe's. Always nice to be able to sit somewhere other than the bed. The lighting in the room and bathroom was great. The pool was quiet and gave us a nice break from the hustle of the city. My only tiny complaint: no snuggle socks, which were supposed to be included.	
Mar 19 2008 	Great Holiday Weekend	A great stay. We were only scheduled for Friday night because they were booked for Saturday night. We are Starwood Preffered Guests and were on the 8th floor with key access only elevators. Upon our arrival we told the staff person who was checkin us in that we had 2 seperate cars there that needed validation because we had met from indiana and Wisconsin. She only charged us for one car parking. We were escorted to our room immediately. The room was very clean, my only complaint was that the pillows were way too soft and had to be folded over to be worth using. The door man was great and made dinner reservations for us. We decided to stay another night and they were booked, but made room for us the next day in an &quot;extra comfy room&quot; which was just larger with a convertable sofabed. Not only did upgrade us to the larger room, but they honored the original promotional rate that the lower grade room was booked at at the promo price...on a night where they were booked! And they only charged us for 1 car so it was a savings of 60$ on parking alone. Everyone was friendly and helpful, I felt safe and welcome at this hotel. It is nothing fancy but we we a block from Michigan Ave and were barely in the room anyways. I would definately stay again!	
Feb 22 2008 	Perfect For What I Needed	I went to visit some family in Chicago and stayed at the Sheraton Four Points. Upon arrival I was promptly upgrated to a Jr Suite by the very nice lady at the front desk. I found the room to be very accommodating. You can take a look at the pictures to guage for yourself. The hotel itself is connected to Trader Joes which offers everything you could possibly need at great prices including the two bottles of wine I purchased :) There were times when I called for some utensils and whoever answered was not the most friendly person in the world and it took them about 30 min to bring them up to me but overall it was a great hotel for what I paid.	
Feb 17 2008 	A Great Overall Experience	I have stayed at several downtown hotels over the years (Affinia, Hilton Garden Inn, Allegro, Courtyard etc...) and this has been the best experience to date. My wife and I had booked the Four Points with the $100/night deal and $1/night parking. Due to an illness we almost had to postpone the trip. Long story short, we made it to the hotel for our first night close to midnight. Our check in was great and we were upgraded since they had sold out of the room we booked. Due to our late arrival, we wanted to extend our stay 1 night to fit everything in we wanted to do (Auto Show, shopping, and restaurant/bar hopping). We were informed the hotel was sold out for that night and we should call back to see if anyone cancels.Sure enough, someone must have cancelled but they said it would be over $200/night for our suite we were upgraded to on our arrival. I told them thanks but no thanks and was surprised to have them say we could keep our room for the extra night (Sat. night no less) for the $100/night deal we had originally booked!! Our 4 night stay was fabulous and the staff remembered us every time we came back from shopping, eating, etc...all of which are close. We were ready to leave impressed with the service from the maids (who brought new complementary bottled waters every morning) to the doorman. Well, we hit a snag when our car's battery died and thought we would have to call AAA to get us started. We told the front desk who immediately said they had an extra set of jumper cables if we could find a good samaritan. That good samaritan happened to be the doorman who came out with the jumper cables and jumped it with his personal car!! Now that is what I call service!! On top of everything they gave us free parking for the entire stay. Yeah, its 4 bucks with our deal, but it's this kind of thing that really makes a difference. Even though you are not staying at a 4-star hotel, you are getting 4-star service, which some of the best hotels in the area can't say. When someone asks me what hotel I recommend in Chicago, my new answer is the Four Points Sheraton. My wife and I also highly recommend Lawry's directly across the street. We had our Valentine's Day dinner there and it's the best steak I've had while in Chicago. Pizzeria Uno is only a block away and a must for us everytime we are in town.	
Feb 3 2008 	Great practical hotel	Great practical hotel: clean, bright, wonderful location and amazingly nice staff.The room is clean and comfortable. They provide free bottled water, nice supply of towels, and supplies. The staff is amazingly nice and friendly.	
Jan 29 2008 	Best staff yet!	First off, make sure that you get to the correct Sheraton. The other one near the Mag. mile (forgot the name) is as ritzy as it can get so we were mildly dissapointed when we arrived at the 4 Points. That's not to say that the 4 Points is sub-par. It's actually a very good hotel and the staff was amongst the best that I've come across. They are sure to greet you each time you cross the lobby and they easily accomadated any request. The lobby is a bit small and bland, but the establishment in itself is above average. The location is great. It's easily situated along ther Mag. Mile so you can get some great shopping and sightseeing done. The Navy Pier is about a 30 minute walk so it wasn't any problem at all. Plus, there are plenty of eateries and shops located close by if you choose not to spend the money for the breakfast at the hotel (we didn't. Yet again, we rarely do). Also, the rooms were akin to those found at Candlewood Suites and the like, only bigger.I loved the location and the staff really made it worthwhile. My girlfriend is from Chicago and it was my first time really seeing the city. At the end of our stay, I was dissapointed that we only spent three nights there. I can't wait until I return and will consider the 4 Points again if I get a good deal.Try the Hang Up if you want to go out for drinks but make sure that it's a weekend. Also, there are great restaurants located within a close walk to the hotel. Overall, it was a great place to stay. The only reason that I didn't rate it as &quot;excellent&quot; is because the Preffered Guest rooms were not as great as I would have liked. It's still a great establishment overall.	
Jan 28 2008 	Another Great Trip	Having stayed at the Four Points Sheraton before I receive emails about sale offers, I received one that offered $99 p/n and $1 parking!The staff is incrediabily friendly! You can't walk through the lobby from without at least two or three people saying 'hello,' 'welcome back' or 'have a nice day.' This place has by far the friendliest staff anywhere that I've stayed!The rooms are large and nice -- they are not amazing, but they are very clean and comfortable. The fridge and microwave are a nice treat, especially with the Trade Joes attached to the building, you can get, keep and heat up snacks very easily.The elevators are fast and quiet, the parking is enclosed and convenient (you can use the parking pass until 6pm the day that you check out!). The only thing that I would change is that they do not have complimentary breakfast, it's $11 p/p on weekends, so we've just gone elsewhere. Very nice hotel, extremely friendly staff and an amazing location.	
Jan 28 2008	OK Hotel	I stayed at this hotel while attending a conference in Oct. 2007. The hotel locagtion is superb; 1 block off of Michigan Avenue. The room itself was ok. Nothing fancy, but nothing dull and drab either. The room was a good size and the bathroom was modern and updated. I would stay here again for a couple of nights. If you are looking for a luxurious hotel, this isn't it. If you are looking for a good room, at a good price, and a great location then this might be the place for you.	
Jan 21 2008	Great location and comfortable rooms	I loved the location -- just a block over from the Magnificent Mile. Rooms are very clean, everything seems new. Very comfortable. Free wireless. And there's a Trader Joe's right next door, so I bought breakfast and supplies there. Great price for the excellent location! I will stay there again.	
Jan 13 2008	Great hotel excellent location friendly staff	I was the group leader of 60 people visiting Chicago. We had 21 rooms booked. All 60 of us had a wonderful time and we were very impressed with the hotel. The only problem that we encountered, was that one of the families had requested adjoining rooms, but they were not given adjoining rooms. Our group rate reservation was prepaid and nonrefundable, but due to the mixup, they allowed them to cancel their 2nd room with no penalty. Actually it worked out better for them because with 2 double beds and a pull-out sofa, they had plenty of room for everyone in the one room. The hotel even gave them complimentary breakfast vouchers.This hotel was spotless! The front desk employees were very nice. The doorman was exceptionally friendly and helpful. They knew we were arriving early (we called them from Amtrak on the way to Chicago), so they had all of our rooms ready when we arrived. Since there was such a large number of us, the doorman did an outstanding job of arranging taxi vans for some of our transportation. The hotel was in a great location, within walking distance of many of our points of interest. We had a wonderful stay and I would definetely recommend this hotel!	
Jan 5 2008 	Great Location-Good Room-Very Helpful	Here to see Wicked - was a nice 13 minute walk down State St. Front desk folks were very friendly and helped w/directions and plans to different museums making a # of calls for us and putting info under our door when we were gone. One block from MI ave. and nice dining. Room was good - bed comfy though sheets weren't all that soft; and fridge and mic provided. Free wireless internet. Continental breakfast $11+ though we bought supplies at Trader Joe's which is connected to hotel and had our own stuff. Found deal on Travelocity for $99/night and $1 parking!!! Otherwise parking is $30/night. Only negative was slow drain in shower. Would stay here again.	
Dec 28 2007 	Great Location Big Room	My wife and I met some friends down in Chicago for a weekend getaway and decided on the Four Points. The price, the location, and winter package were the deciding factors for us. I have to say that my experience was very nice. I cannot say the same for our friends. When my friend made his reservation, he was quoted a price of approx. $200 a night. He told me to call the same number he did to make the reservation. I did minutes after him. My price was $165 a night. Needless to say, i booked. I immediately called my friend to let him know my price. He called right back and advised them of my price. They said that his room would be a Jr. suite of some sort. Having his wife, 3 yr old son, and a baby sitting niece travelling with him, he agreed to the price. Upon my arrival at the Hotel, we were greeted by the doorman and bell hop. Very, very courteous! The staff behind the counter checking us in were also very nice and helpful. They gave us our room key and had the bell hop bring up the bags.  Our room was on the top (8th?) floor. There was a sign that stated this was a Starwood Floor (some members floor). Anyway, our room was HUGE with a King size bed. The room was spotless also. We couldn't be happier! For the price and size of the room, I could not complain in the least. Surprised by the size and cleanliness of the room, i text messaged the great news my friend who was arriving in the morning. When he and his family arrived, he called me accusing me of being sarcastic. Being the constant joker he is, my wife and I went to meet him at his room on another floor. His room was so small that my wife and I would have been completely uncomfortable in there. Because of the extra people in his room, he also had a roll away bed in the room. You could not even walk in his room. Remember, he paid for the &quot;bigger&quot; room. We then invited him up to our room. He was very upset to say the least. I was paying approx. $40 less than he was with a room that could've fit his room in our bathroom. He immediately went down to the front desk and asked for a new room advising them about the size and price difference. The front desk stated that our room was the same as his and that the hotel was completely booked, &quot;sorry&quot;. When the hotel refused to change his room, my wife and I offered to change rooms with them. He declined and stayed cramped all weekend. I guess this review can go both ways. It really can be a hit or miss with this hotel. My wife and I really did enjoy it. My friend on the other hand......	
Dec 13 2007 	great location - but thats all	We had never been to Chicago before - but we were really looking forward to it. We arrived at Ohare about midday and after a&quot;life/death&quot; cab ride we arrived at the hotel. The check in took a while because the computers were down. About an hour later we found our room. It was quite large but pretty empty. The worst part was the bed - the sheets seemed about 10 years old &amp; did not really seem to fit the bed - apart from all the foriegn matter found on closer inspection. We managed to get some clean sheets from house keeping - but they were really no better. Needless to say - not the best couple of nights sleep we have ever had. On a positive side - great business facilities. Staff were very nice - but did not seem knowledgable about the town. However - we loved Chicago and can't wait to visit again. Eveyone we met was really lovely.	
Nov 29 2007	Great location - Great Price	We stayed here for 7 nights from 18 November and extended it for a further night. My wife secured the booking online for about USD 100 per night plus taxes, but because of very strong occupancy (RSNA conference) we had to pay USD 225 for last unarranged night. I thought this was very reasonable for a central Chicago hotel (compared to Sydney prices this was BRILLIANT value!!) and the weak USD helps us too.We were upgraded to a suite (I suspect due to us being SPG members) and it was great. Sure, there was no view but we focus more on the ability to sleep at night (ie no noise) and comfortable bed (which was great). We were on level 6 of the 8 level building.Big plus was the free WiFi broadband internet. Free coffee for the perculator also provided. I am not sure if it is the hotel's fault as to what TV services they subscribe to but what programs came out of the box in the evening was of very poor quality.Hotel is many have said is in a great position - Trader Joes very handy for all those bits and pieces you need and great value too.My wife was attending two conferences ahead of the RSNA one (she is still in Chicago but at a different hotel which had already been booked with another lady). So I walked everywhere as it was that handy - to the Chicago History museum in the north to Millenium Park in the South (take a bow Chicagoeans - you have done a wonderful job in creating this - something to be remembered as being created at the turn of the century).Thanksgiving Day it snowed in the morning so I was a happy chappy coming from 30 degree celcius Brisbane heat!!). We also recommend attending the Piano Bar - sat right next to the piano player from about 10pm to just after midnight - absolutely brilliant (pity people have to smoke though!!).This hotel will certainly be our first option when returning to Chicago - I cannot understand why others need to pay USD300 plus to get a little more. Go past this hotel and you enter the state of diminishing returns.	
Nov 26 2007 	Sheraton 4 Points Mag Mile--a Keeper	We go to Chi-Town every Thanksgiving so we have stayed at several downtown hotels. The Sheraton Mag Mile 4 Points was a nice hotel and I would recommend. Great location, a block off Mag Mile and close to bunches of restaurants. Room was well appointed and had microwave and frig which always comes in handy. Beds were fine, but I didn't notice anything &quot;special&quot; about them. Staff was courteous and always looked up and said hello. I had prepaid reservations well in advance and had asked for a room w/ a street view ... but didn't get one. That would be my only complaint w/ the hotel -- it is only 8 floors and where it is located there would be few rooms w/ a view.	
Nov 26 2007	My Best Stay Yet........	I loved this Hotel! The staff was very friendly. I went during the Thanksgiving holiday, so you know it was very busy. However, I felt that the staff catered to our every needs. When I made my reservation, I had one king bed for my mom and I. That was not going to work! When I checked in, I asked if we could have two double beds, and they said yes. At the same rate we were paying for the king bed. The location was great, one block from Michigan Ave., and steps from the Grand Luxe Cafe. Overall, I have nothing bad to say about this hotel or my experience there.	
Nov 21 2007 	Good location bit drab for the price	Just off the Magnificent Mile I stayed there this past Memorial Day weekend. It was my first stay with a Starwood property. Was taken a back at the drabness of the room. A friend came by and mentioned it felt more like a Motel 6 than a Sheraton. I agree after seeing his room at the Drake - and we had paid the same amount for our rooms! Though as an SPG member I was upgraded to a mini suite at no extra charge. The room was clean, the bed comfortable - but missing the plushness that mid to upper range hotels now seem to be moving to. Front desk staff was pleasant enough. As another reviewer mentioned the music was too loud in the lobby areas of the hotel. The combined continental/buffet breakfast may surprise a guest with an extra charge if they happen to get something from the wrong breakfast line. For me a better value if one can get a room there is the Days Inn Lincoln Park.	
Nov 5 2007 	Not A 4-Star Hotel	We just returned from a &quot;Little Girls Weekend&quot; in Chicago. Our experience at this hotel was terrible!! The front desk staff were RUDE, the rooms were DIRTY, the bathroom floors were disqusting with BIG red stains everywhere, and our room stunk!The only staff member that was extremely nice was the BELLMAN!! We were on the 8th floor, which was for &quot;Preferred Guest's&quot; but what that meant, I'm not quite sure??!!I have stayed downtown Chicago many times and have never been so dissatisfied with our hotel. When you pay higher prices to stay in the city, or a 4 Star hotel you would expect more??!!We will be having our &quot;Little Girls Weekend&quot; every year and we will NOT be staying at this hotel EVER AGAIN!!	
Oct 17 2007 	Good location good room	I generally choose hotels by location, and secondly a decor that isn't old and flowery. But thats of course very personal opinion. And we were not disappointed! I found no fault in this hotel, it was above average in cleanliness, size, and quietness. Its not a small boutique hotel which I generally prefer if I can find them. But that's not what I expected either. I'd absolutely stay here again.The room we got was very large, overlooking bloomingdale's. Even though it was on the street side we didn't even hear the traffic. However we were using the airco. The empty fridge came in handy for water, and drinks, we didn't use the microwave though.Location: We walked to every single restaurant we ate in. Shopping was just around the corner. Buses and subway within walking distance. 2-3 blocks. Wahlgreen's 24 hours just a few blocks away as well. Which mattered since I had a cold. Supermarket too, for snacks and tissues. Things todo in chicago: I really enjoyed the architectural societies river cruise. It was an good way to see the river side and rest the feet and listen to a knowledgeable guide. And I generally don't like tour activities. Millennium park was very good restful and a lot to look at.	
Oct 12 2007 	not fancy but adequate	I booked this place for its location more than anything else, just off the mile and a short walk to the pier. The room was small but had everything we wantedand it was clean. The desk staff were really great and gave us some fantastic tips for places to eat. Our claim to fame was that we sat next to Gloria Estefan in a pizza place just around the corner. There is a starbucks and a supermarket on the same block. we went to the pool ( which was freezing) for a quick dip and thats is looking a bit tatty. There are more fancy hotels but you will pay a premium unless you can get them cheap. Despite being in the centre of Chicago we had a room on the inside of the hotel so it was very quiet. Overall i was quite happy with the stay but the hotel is a bit non descript and forgettable.	
Sep 19 2007 	Adequate but not spectacular	The Sheraton Four Points is very conveniently located and clean but that's about it. The staff was pleasant but my room was drably decorated with exceptionally cheap furniture and could have used another lamp. The city itself is fantastic - I would probably book another hotel, however, upon returning to Chicago.	
Sep 17 2007 	Guest Services Top Notch	After searching for days to find a reasonably priced hotel while attending the Chiefs-Bears football game, we decided to try the Four Points Sheraton. This was our first time in Chicago and wanted somewhere close to all the attractions. This hotel is one block from Michigan Avenue and in total walking distance to most attractions. We were able to walk or take a short cab ride to all our restaurants. We met up with the Guest Services Manager, Eric, actually while making a complaint about the music in the lobby. We were trying to make a cell phone call and couldn't hear over the music. He was so polite, we just starting asking him questions about where to go and what to do. He helped us with a bus route to Second City Improv and advised us the best way to get where we wanted to go. He advised us on where to eat and even made our reservations at a wonderful steak house called &quot;Kinzie's Chop House&quot; (400 N. Wells). He also turned us on to Timothy O'Toole's who offer $5 roundtrip bus rides to Soldier Field. The other staff members were all very polite and friendly. They all bent over backwards to assist us in any way they could. They recommended two very good places to eat breakfast (West Egg on Ontario &amp; Fairbanks &amp; Tempo Cafe on Chestnut)--both within walking distance to the hotel. We did have a couple of complaints, though. The walls are paper thin between rooms. We were able to hear our neighbor's phone ringing and their conversations. The bed wasn't the most comfortable and like other reviews, we did not have a view. Also, I thought it was strange that because I made the reservation, I had to produce a credit card with my name on it for the room charges. The hotel would not accept my travel partner's credit card. Not sure if this is for security reasons, or what. Just a note about what we liked and didn't like about our time in Chicago. Definitely take the double decker bus or trolley tour of the city. You are allowed to hop on and hop off all day long for $25. We were able to enjoy the places we wanted to see and then have transportation to the next stop. They stop at 13 areas and learn much about Chicago's history and architecture. We figured out places we wanted to spend more time at and also saw so much of the city. Take a Lake Michigan/Chicago River Tour and try to take in the Chicago Art Institute. Didn't care for Giordano's restaurant - the service was terrible. All in all, we will definitely stay at this hotel on our next trip to Chicago. For the price we paid ($195/night), it's definitely the best value in downtown Chicago.	
Aug 28 2007 	Best 4 Points Ever	A friend of mine told me about the property. She had been there for a meeting with her company and raved about it. I decided to book my company with 30 rooms. Cliff in the sales department was awesome to work with. Maggie in the meetings department was very quick with e-mail and made my planning super easy. Everyone from the front desk to engineering was extremely pleasant when passing in the halls. Over all my meeting was a huge success and the hotel was wonderful!Sally	
Aug 24 2007 	Great location clean dn friendly	This hotel is in a great location near Water Tower and Shopping. We walked everywhere and nothing is that far that you probably need. Trader Joes is connected to the parking garage next door. Parking was the best price at $30.00 for in &amp; out all day. Our room was clean and the beds very comfortable. We were upgraded when we got to the hotel to a suite which was awesome. Free Internet in the business area and security to the garage and your room with a room key. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. I am not sure why others seems to have issues with this place. I got a great rate on the hotel website internet only rate. My husband liked the workout room and treadmill. I did not use the pool as I ran out of time doing other things in Chciago.	
Aug 24 2007 	Good Location but that is it	We stayed at the Four Points for 2 nights in early June 2007. We arrived very late due to the usual Amtrak Zephyr delays. The receptionist was very grumpy at being disturbed at this time of the night, but checked us in quite smoothly. We had booked a junior suite and so was a little surprised to find it was 1 room with 2 double beds. We had stayed in a 'suite' at the Seneca 2 weeks earlier which had separate rooms for living and sleeping. During the night, we had a problem and enquired about obtaining a second room - the same grumpy receptionist said that her computer system was locked for the night and so could not help. Next morning the manager was apologetic and we sorted out a second room. The four Points is in a great location and is clean and well kept, but for us our previous stay at the Seneca offerred more space for less money.	
Aug 15 2007 	Not Impressed	The location of this property is great and the service was good, but there is nothing else to note about this hotel. I had reserved a double/double bed as I had friends staying with me for one night and I received a king as it was the only one available. When I requested a rollaway bed at 8pm, I was told I would be charged $25. When we returned to the hotel at 1 am, the bed was not there. By 2 am, the bed had arrived and the gentlemen who brought the bed was rude. He explained that they don't put rollaways in rooms as small as ours. He told us to call the front desk and see if they had a double/double available (at 2 am!) We did not want to switch rooms in the middle of the night and he eventually placed the bed in our room, but would not place the bed complimentary. Rather, he offered us free breakfast and said he would be back with the certificates. Almost an hour later we did not have the certificates. (All we wanted was the rollaway to be free of charge). After enough convincing we received the bed free of charge, but did not receive the lost hours of sleep. The hotel room itself was mediocre and the sheets were pilly and the pillows were some of the flattest I have ever experienced and I am a frequent traveler. Upon requesting foam pillows we were told that feather was all that the hotel had (what if we were allergic?). Needless to say, there are worse properties, but this hotel did not meet my expectations.	
Jul 27 2007 	Great Location Helpful Staff	This is a popular hotel with both business travelers and families, so if you are interested -- reserve early!The staff is really helpful and my room was everything that the Sheraton brand wants to be known for -- clean, predictable, snappy look etc. The breakfast bar is generous and very efficient, but if you ask for cheese on your omlette, you will get CHEESE ;+)	
Jul 10 2007 	Outstanding hotel in the heart of Chicago!	This is hands-down the nicest Four Points I’ve ever visited. It’s fairly new (opened in June 2005), right in the heart of the downtown Chicago action, has quite a few amenities, and a friendly, responsive staff.It’s at Rush Street and Ontario, just one block west of the Magnificent Mile and in the heart of the action. There were numerous restaurants within easy walking distance, a Trader Joe’s downstairs where you can get provisions for the in-room mini-fridge, a Starbucks in the same building… the list goes on. Our room (standard king) was very pleasant and included some nice touches: toiletries by Caswell Massey, free internet access, and bottled water, plus the usual iron and ironing board, coffee pot, etc.The hotel has a smallish indoor pool, a whirlpool, a sun deck, a fairly well-equipped fitness center, and a 4th floor lounge that serves double duty as a breakfast room ($11 for continental; $13 if you add hot items), and a lounge in the evening. The staff was quite helpful and responsive. Most everyone smiled, greeted us upon passing in the hall or entering the lobby. The people who tended the breakfast room and the lounge were very cordial and helpful, and maintenance was quick to respond when needed. On our first morning, I mentioned to the front desk that the tub drain seemed to be running slowly. By the time we returned from breakfast, it had been addressed. THAT is service.Due to the buildings that surround it, there is no view of the lake or the skyline. But the room rate is quite favorable, parking is about 25% less than other Mag Mile hotels at which I’ve stayed, and everything is steps away. We’d stay again without hesitation.	
Jul 7 2007 	Okay	My two children, 13, and 11 and their friend 14; stayed here for two nights. When we got to our original room, it smelled like B.O.. We were moved to another room and the the next day upon taking a shower the drain didn't work. Two complaints in two days. We had to insist on a break on the bill and they gave us $25. Not fantastic. Parking is validated, the staff is friendly and it is very close to most everything. They will hold doors, get cabs and greet you with a smile. I think I would stay here again, because of the niceness and close location. Cabs don't cost much; we payed about $10 each ride with a $4-$5 tip each. No continental breakfast either, but plenty of eating areas, especially the two story Big Mac's with an escalator and elevator and sofa's. Theatre nearby, and warm pool. Hey you only sleep here.	
Jul 4 2007 	Watch Out! Not a Suite Just a Room!	We had a terrible stay at the Four Points Sheraton. Most importantly, the room is NOT a suite (as it is described), it is just a regular room with a sofabed! The two beds and the sofabed are all in one room! Very misleading. We were specifically looking for a suite, and we never would have stayed here (especially for 5 nights!), if we had known the real situation. We complained to the night manager, and then the hotel manager, and they said &quot;we didn't misrepresent anything&quot;, because they still think it's a SUITE, even with only ONE room. They were not willing to give us an upgrade or even one night's compensation for a 5 night stay!As for the service, the maid didn't vacuum the room on two of the days, and she never remembered the plastic bag for the ice bucket, so we had to call guest services every day to get one. The pool is small, and the breakfast is very expensive for a family of 4! All in all, it was a very disappointing stay at the supposedly #8 hotel in Chicago.	
Jul 3 2007 	Loved Four Points on Rush St in Chicago	Staff very, very friendly and helpful - room very clean - great location. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 27 2007 	Great Location Clean Comfortable rooms	Pros: Great location. A block from the heart of Michigan Avenue. Plenty of shopping and restaurants very close. Next to a Trader Joe's. Rooms were very clean and quite comfortable. They were larger than I expected for a hotel in the center of the city.Cons: Internet Service in the room was slow some nights. (Business center has two computers where the internet moved much faster) Staff competent, but they didn't go out of their way to assist.For the price and location this is a great hotel. I would stay again.	
May 18 2007 	Suburban Sophistication in the Heart of the City	While there was nothing particularly wrong with this hotel, it doesn't deserve such a high ranking. It was like any 3 star suburban chain hotel except with a secure elevator. Whether I would stay here again would depend entirely on the price since there are plenty of nice looking hotels in this part of town.Things I liked:-- location (walk to restaurants, shops, tourist attractions, the L)-- supermarket in same building-- decent sized roomThings I didn't like:-- bed too soft (I had the opposite reaction from another reviewer)-- I was given a key to one room but sent to another room instead when i checked in-- the toilet was stuffed up when I checked in (promptly fixed)	
Apr 26 2007 	uncomfortable beds	The bed was extremely uncomfortable - hard as a rock. Intresting they try to promote the sale of their bed linens like some other chains. I had a junior suite but it was as cheaply furnished and decorated as a 1960's motel. Poor and general lack of lighting. $3.00 morning cup of coffee at a serve yourself bar by a money anticipated type. The location is excellent but hotel quality and comfort really lacked. Have done much better in Chicago for the same money and location.	
Apr 8 2007 	Perfect location	Clean rooms, friendly staff and excellent location make this hotel a great base for a Chicago vacation. We were able to take the El to within four blocks from O'Hare and could either catch a bus or train to get to all the sights we enjoyed. Only one block from Michigan Ave and all the shopping we could need. A few minor negatives: air was so dry that by the third day I got shocked anytime I touched metal and they don't reduce laundry by offering NOT to change the towels/sheets. You know: &quot;hang it up if you want to reuse, leave on the floor to get new&quot;...Also, the beds were doubles which are a bit small when you are used to a queen. But we did get upgraded to a junior suite which gave us a bit more room to enjoy.Two words of advice: City Pass! We were able to skip waiting in horrible lines at the three museums we visited.	
Apr 4 2007 	Nice Stay	Booked a one night stay for April 1st, 2007 for a quick Spring Break trip for four (2 adults, 2 11 y/o boys) We paid $130, plus $30 in parking for the ramp next door (6' 10&quot; clearance)We loved the location, as we were able to walk the 8 blocks to the John Hancock center, as well as the 9-10 blocks to Ed Debevic's for dinner.The hotel itself was very clean, and the staff was reasonable friendly, but not overly so, although the BarTender on the fourth floor was a hoot!. Our room was basic, yet very comfortable. The pool was defintely on the small side, but understandable for the location in Downtown. Oddly, the hot tub was extremely hot - almost unbearable, but not quite. The most pleasant surprise of the stay was to find &quot;Trader Joe's&quot; attached to the building. We cut through the parking ramp to get in, and picked up 3 bottles of &quot;2 buck Chuck&quot;All in all, this would be an easy hotel to recommend, especially for the price and location.	
Mar 31 2007 	Great place to stay!	We stayed at the Four Points Sheraton/Downtown Chicago and had a really nice stay. We got a good deal through AAA. The hotel isn't really big, but big enough. Very very clean and friendly staff. FREE shuttle will pick you up two blocks from hotel and take you to Navy Pier. Hotel is just 1 block from fabulous shopping and dining. Check out is 12 noon but you can leave your car parked there until 6pm. That may not sound like much but if you see how $$$$ the parking is everywhere else, that is a deal! Free bottled water in the rooms is nice, because you can throw one in your purse to take with you shopping! Great city, great fun !!!	
Mar 31 2007 	A+ stay convienent clean!	Stayed 23-29 Mar 07 in room 8402. Special conference base rate $179/night. The 8th floor is designated Starwood Floor. Room located on the back of the hotel at the FAR end of the hall away from elevators/ice/vending/housekeeping areas. King bed (firm yet comfortable), clean, crisp bed linens. Feather/Down pillows. Nightstands at each side, table lamps, alarm clock, telephone. Loungechair (narrow for my 6'1&quot;/250 lb body, but comfortable) with ottoman.Desk with table lamp with electrical outlet in base. Telephone on desk. Wireless and Ethernet wall outlet (FREE access). Task oriented desk chair (missing back tension control nob). 27&quot; TV in 3 drawer console. Wall mirror, 2 floor lamps. Mirrored closet doors, plenty of hangers, iron, extra foam pillow, Refridgerator, microwave, coffee/tea maker, ice bucket. Roomy bathtub/shower combo good water pressure. Needle and massage dial on showerhead. Hair dryer, Jergen'sfacial soap. Bath soap bar (refreshing verbena smell), shampoo, conditioner, shower caps, tool kit (cotton balls/swaps/fingernail file). Superb white cotton washcloth, hand and bath towels. Daily housekeeping staff efficient, multilingual (English/Spanish). Desk staff friendly and helpful. Did not use valet parking.Breakfast buffet had pastries, cereal, fruit, yogurt, coffee, tea, juice, milk, sausage links, bacon, hash browns (sliced potato with onions/peppers), waffles. Fresh made omelettes. Espresso machine. Good but $13 extra. Have had exatly the same thing at lesser motels for free. Small business center with web based printing from room. Great for printing those E-ticket boarding passes!Indoor pool/hot tub looked clean. Excercise room with elipticals, tread mills, cycles. Towels provided.Hotel in great location. Convient to shopping, good restaurants (chain types serving tourist and business travelers). Felt very safe walking around at night, met few panhandlers considering the tourist/transient nature of the area. 4 blocks to Grand/State Red Line CTA stop. Easy access from Midway Airport transfer from Orange Line.	
Mar 14 2007	Clean Updated Convenient Cheap...	Overall, this hotel was clean and in a very convenient location. Hotel is nothing luxurious, just clean and basic. (Then again for $115 a night, I cannot argue) Every restaurant we ate at, we were able to walk to, no problem. Workout facilities were great, treadmills are brand new, with personal TVs. Pool area looked clean and up to date. Wireless internet in the rooms was speedy and easy to setup. The only con, is that a lot of reviewers had talked about free breakfast. This is long gone, there is now a charge of $11 (I think) for a continental breakfast or $14 for the full American. With so many good brunch/breakfast places around, it is worth your time to venture outside. Traders joe’s is right around the corner, great for a quick bottle of wine, or snacks. Overall for the cost, it was great.	
Mar 6 2007 	Nice one night stay.....	Some friends and I were downtown at Dave and Buster's and since we had been drinking that night, we decided to get a hotel room. I called the Four Points to find out if they had a room available and they did. They quoted us $155 for the night, so we took it. We stayed here on Feb 3rd. We didn't end up checking into the hotel until about 1 a.m., but when we did we were greeted by the nicest staff. Unfortunately, they had problems finding my reservation and my Starwood Guest Number. But everything was worked out and we were given a nice BIG room on the fifth floor. The king bed was SO comfortable and the pull out sofa was also comfortable. Parking did cost $30 a day w/ in and out privileges, but that was fine. The staff was very accommodating, the room was very clean. No complaints here!!! I would love to stay at the Four Points again.	
Jan 29 2007 	Great Staff and Location	The Four Points Sheraton, Chicago Magnificent Mile, is a wonderful hotel. The staff was well knowledgeable, courteous and professional. Every one of their recommendations, as far as restaurants, sights and directions, were perfect. The staff exceeded my expectations. The hotel is perfectly situated, close to great shops, restaurants, and the businesses. I will definitely stay here again. Parking is $30 a night, use mass transit.	
Jan 28 2007	My GREATEST Hotel experience in Chicago EVER!	This was my best stay ever in Chicago. I travel here twice a year for business and occasionally for pleasure. This was my first stay at the Sheraton Four Points and it surpassed all of my expectations. The customer service is paramount. The lobby is very cozy and inviting. The halls were quiet and spotless. The rates were SOOO good (could be different though depending on when you come) and the rooms were fantastic!No gaudy bedspreads and dated decor. Everything was modern and very comfortable. In my opinion, the rooms were larger than the average Chicago room. We had a nice microwave and fridge which was great b/c a Trader Joe's was right around the corner. It saved us $$ on drinks and breakfast.The location of this hotel is fabulous! You're right in the heart of the Mag Mile. Water Tower is maybe a short 6 block walk. If you enjoy walking like we do, you can work your way down on Rush to some of the city's greatest restaurants. We'll definately go back for our future stays in Chicago. Awesome Place!	
Jan 25 2007 	Magnificent not just in location	Fantastic stay. Staff is super friendly and accomodating. Hotel has a great location to Mag Mile, next door to Trader Joe's, clean, up-to-date, and well-appointed rooms with small fridge, microwave, and coffee pot. Nice business center and fitness center. Nice breakfast offering. This well be our &quot;go to&quot; Chicago spot from now on.Highly recommended.	
Jan 9 2007 	what a pleasant surprise!	I must say that I was rather shocked about what a nice hotel this was, particulalry for the money. I felt that it was comparable to the westin, which is saying a lot for a sheraton. the staff were extremely helpful and friendly. certainly a very nice stay and would highly recommend.	
Jan 8 2007 	Wonderful Hotel in the Heart of Everything	We usually stay at the Westin River North when visiting Chicago. But, we saw the good reviews of this hotel on TripAdvisor, and decided to give it a shot, esp. since it is a Starwood Group hotel, newly renovated and less $$ than the WRN.Well- it was wonderful. The rooms are beautifully furnished and the bed extremely comfortable. The location is perfect. We walked to great shopping. The Chicago Deep Dish Meccas, Pizzeria Uno and Pizzeria Due, are about a block away. The new Pop's for Champagne is about 2 blocks away. Starbuck's-- same block. Trader Joes, 20 yards (rooms have fridges and microwaves). David Burke's new restaurant is across the street-- you get the idea. All this with really, truly friendly and helpful staff (unlike the WRN of late). One caveat- this hotel is popular with families, for good reason! We saw approximately 1.2 million children in the lobby upon check-in. However, we had no screaming tyrants running amuck in the halls. It was actually quite peaceful. We FOUND the tots, all of them I think, in the pool area. So, if you are envisioning a weekend trip with a relaxing time in the jacuzzi, or want to swim laps at 10 am, you will likely be disappointed. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for a WEEKEND in the city.	
Jan 8 2007 	Excellant!! We will be back!	My daughter (age 8) and I stayed for 2 days on the &quot;American Girl&quot; package. Excellant breakfast!! Affordable (considering the size of the city and other hotel rates) and CLEAN CLEAN CLEAN!!! Very easy walk to American Girl and tons of other shopping and restuarants. Helpful and friendly staff!!! Nice pool, jacuzzi and fitness room! Even has an open-air patio adjacent to the pool area. I will definately stay here again when I come back to Chicago!! Great breakfast too!	
Jan 5 2007 	Great location at a low price	We have stayed at most of the midpriced hotels in this area on many trips to Chicago. This hotel is new, construction is still evident in a few areas. It is located less than a block off Michigan Ave, the ideal launching place for shopping, restaurants, sightseeing. The building holds a Trader Joes, a parking garage, and a restaurant is being built. At present, room service is from across the street (Lawry's Prime Rib). There are dozens of restaurants in the neighborhood. There is a continental pay-as-you-go breakfast buffet in the hotel. The lobby is small but nice. The front drive doormen are very friendly but not very experienced. They were too casual about our cart of suitcases sitting in the middle of the sidewalk with people streaming past - - I had to seek out a bellman to at least take it inside the lobby. The indoor pool and whirlpool is very nice, better than most of the other established hotels in the neighborhood (Radisson / Homewood Suites, Wyndham). The hotel was full when we stayed there, giving the staff a good test - the maids did not get to our room till about 4 pm. The service was fast and friendly. It seemed like everyone was competent, and new to the business - not overly efficient or tip-hungry. There was a maintenance problem in our room, and it was fixed in 3 minutes. The junior suite was actually a large single room, which was big enough for 2 adults and 3 children. There was a nice refrigerator, free bottled water, a microwave, free internet and coffee in the room. The bathrooms are small, but adequate. The common areas are new, and tastefully done. The exercise room is tiny, with about 7 machines (with flat panel TVs and headphones) and some free weights. There were a few items to mention on the downside. The hotel is locked in, and I can't see how any rooms would have nice views. There were some housekeeping glitches, some debris on the floor from the last guests, and I'm not sure that the sheets on the fold-out couch were fresh. The pool deck is way too slippery -- I guarantee someone will break their hip there one of these days. The worst part of the stay was the parking garage self-park. If you have a large vehicle, you are in big trouble. You could park a full sized SUV on the fourth floor of the garage, but in many of the parking spaces, you wouldn't be able to get out of the door. I put a scratch on my passenger side door handle just trying to park. Next, the parking ticket used to get out of the garage wouldn't work correctly in the machine at the exit. Try to explain that to the neurotic local Trader Joe's customers who have parked in the garage and are trying to exit behind you - locked into a narrow one-way ramp. During the course of the visit, it seemed everyone was having trouble with this. One woman, in the lobby, was yelling on the cellphone with her husband who was apparently trapped at the exit gate pushing the &quot;assistance button&quot; and not getting a response. My advice would be for the guests, and the hotel, to bag the self park idea and just go to valet service like everyone else in the neighborhood. Overall, this hotel is comparable in value to other local mid-priced choices, but it is newer, cleaner, and a bit less expensive. For the price, you can't beat the location. If you are looking to step up in quality and price, try the Omni or the Wyndham.	
Jan 4 2007 	Convenient and reasonable	The hotel is well situated for visiting downtown Chicago. You can walk all over from here. Rates during the week were great. Starts to add up with parking your car though. There's a fridge in the room, and a Trader Joes right around the corner for groceries including a decent wine selection. Also a Starbucks for a punchier coffee hit in the a.m. Staff were accomodating and the place was fairly quiet - although running in the halls was common with the younger kids early in the morning. Pool is nice but very small - and the hot tub had way too much toxic chemical vapour coming off it to enjoy for long. Inflexible with rates on extending stays so book in advance if you can.	
Jan 3 2007 	Location is great	A very nice, friendly well-appointed hotel in a great location. Staff were responsive and helpful, beds very comfortable and housekeeping generally first-rate. Higher floors are quieter in this traffic-intensive neighborhood. Trip booked as part of a Travelocity package, but Starwood membership helped get upgrade to large adjoining rooms for our group of 5.Eat at Grand Lux Cafe across the street, Pizzeria Due around the corner and numerous offerings on Michigan Avenue. We also greatly appreciated the empty refrigerator in the room that helped for snacks and quick breakfast.	
Jan 1 2007 	Three Days in Chicago	My family and I stayed at the Four Points in Chicago during the latter part of December 2006. I had booked the hotel based on the reviews on Trip Advisor and we were not disappointed. The staff were freindly on arrival and throughout our stay. The rooms were freshly refurbished and kept very clean as was other parts of the hotel. The location is excellent if you like the hustle and bustle of Michigan Avenue with its shops, bars and restaurants only one block from the hotel. This is the first time that I have completed an online review of any hotel despite travelling extensively with work. I felt compelled to do this having taken my family away on our time at our expense. The hotel was excellent and I would certainly use it again.	
Dec 28 2006 	great location and service	I like to see new cities and never know what I get into when booking myself at hotels I've never stayed at ..even Sheratons but I sure got this one right. The staff were very friendly and helpful with all my tourist questions. Especially James..what a sweetheart! The location couldn't be better..steps away from great shopping and nightlife. Updated and very clean..I would visit again!	
Dec 23 2006 	Great Bang for you Buck!	I was planning a trip to the Shedd Aquarium and did a lot of research on packages at almost every hotel in the area. I ended up booking a room from the 4 Points website for $100. We took the train over from Michigan City, which dropped us off at Millenium Station. It was raining and cool, but we walked across the river along Michigan Avenue and then a block over onto Rush Street. It was amazing at how great of a location this hotel sits. Shopping one block over and restaurants suitable for anyone's appetite nearby. The interior of the hotel was clean and the room was excellent. Our room had a microwave and a mini-fridge. The king-sized bed was extremely comfortable. We bought VIP tickets to the Shedd at the desk for $25 each, which was cheaper than buying them at the Aquarium. We took the CTA bus (one block away) to the Shedd the next morning for $2 a piece. The pool and hot tub were clean and the exercise room had cardio equipment, each with it's own TV. I would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone shopping along the Magnificent Mile or visiting the local sights.	
Nov 30 2006 	Great location great price	Stayed at the Four Points Nov 17-19th, and loved everything about it. I was on a discounted rate for $166 per night, which no other hotel around Michigan Avenue offered. We were in a junior suite, very large room with a king bed and a sofa bed. There was a microwave, mini-fridge, iron, blow dryer, desk with an ergonomic chair, and a large bathroom. There is no on-site restaurant at this time, but room service comes from Lawrys Prime Rib across the street( which we didnt use). However there is a snack shop in the lobby which was convenient. Parking is great, you can actually self park on site for $28( cheaper than most hotels in that area). One item to note : for security when you are on the lobby elevator, you must insert your room key in a slot every time to be able to push the button for your floor. Very unique, and I felt safe at all times. Hotel is very clean and the front desk staff are very helpful. Will definitely return as I am a frequent visitor to the city and have stayed at various hotels around the area. This one is is priced well and located one block off of Michigan Avenue.	
Nov 24 2006 	Will always stay at Four Points downtown!	My daughter and I have stayed here 2 years in a row, on our annual trek to Chicago. For starters, the staff is incredibly friendly and helpful--this year a focus of our trip was American Girl for my daughter's birthday, and they arranged for doll beds for her two dolls (at no extra charge). The hotel itself is lovely: the rooms are large, everything is new &amp; clean, the extras are great (a microwave and a usable fridge--not an overpriced snack machine--in every room), and the location is stellar. We love Chicago anyway, but staying at this Four Points right off the Mag Mile is just perfection. We will always stay at this Four Points when visiting Chicago!	
Nov 16 2006 	Exceeded all expectations!	Great hotel! Staff is very helpful &amp; friendly. Called the front desk when we couldn't find the restaurant we were going to &amp; they literally walked me there on the phone. The location is awesome, easy access to everything. Would stay there again &amp; again, highly recommend it!	
Nov 3 2006 	Fantastic Location 	My wife and I recently spent one night at the Four Points. The location of this hotel is 1 block off Michigan (Mag Mile), which makes it very convenient to shop. Another benefit of this location is that it is a ~1 block walk to the bus stop for the museum-bound buses (#146). That was a nice and convenient option for us as we went to the Shedd Aquarium and Field Museum. We also visited the Art Institute (free on Thursday 5-8PM) and conveniently rode a bus down Michigan to it. The transit in Chicago is nice and after driving into town and riding the bus we were glad we didn't drive to our destinations. If you are going to travel on the transit much buy the unlimited day pass. We did not but could have saved money if we had done that. My wife and I both slept better in the bed at the Four Points. They are building a restaurant on the property and currently have room service from Lawry's. We did not use either. We ate that the Grand Lux which was very good and a much better value than we thought it would be (Dinners $10-25) with many options under $15. Their lunch specials also extend to 5PM which we ordered for our dinner. Parking is $28 which seems expensive to us Midwesterners, but after seeing rates at other places this is actually a good value. The rate allowed us to park earlier than check-in time and leave our car in the lot until 6PM on the day of checkout. Overall a very nice hotel and we would definitely come back for another stay.	
Nov 1 2006 	loved the four points	This hotel was fabulous. We couldn't believe how helpful and nice everyone was. From the front desk to the doorman and bellboy everyone went out of their way to help us and make our trip wonderful. The rooms were large and extremely clean. The location is hard to beat, with shopping and restaurants close by. Can't wait to return to Chicago!!	
Oct 24 2006 	Quality!	The Four Points was a great place to stay. Beautiful, quiet room. Our room faced inward and looked over the pool area. Not a great view (walls and gravel), but at least it was quiet. Very comfy bed with plenty of very nice pillows.Staff were helpful and friendly.Parking garage can be a little hairy if you have a big vehicle and parking cost is a bummer, but could be worse I guess.The breakfast buffet was pricey, but the food was good, if basic. The buffet should be complimentary, in my opinion, considering the cost of the rooms! If you're familiar with the city, you'd probably do better eating out.There was construction going on in the lobby during our stay, so was a little bit of a bother during check in/out.	
Oct 3 2006 	very convenient	First time in Chicago, and we loved it. The hotel was very convenient to so much, including being just a block off Michigan Ave. Not too big, so never a wait for the elevator. We got upgraded (free breakfast) for no apparent reason.We will stay there again.	
Sep 27 2006 	Thumbs up!!!	Very nice hotel. I fully expect to see more recommendations on the Chicago Forum for this hotel as it becomes more familiar to all. It's fairly new. The room was excellant, and the location on N. Rush at the NW corner of Ontario is also excellant. I really think expectations figure in when discussing this hotel. If your looking for the elegant, full service, high rise hotel with a steak house and bar in it, then I suppose you might not be as happy. If your looking for a nice room with a coffee pot, a fridge, a microwave, a color tv, new decor, new bathrooms, and a very comfortable bed, now your talking this hotel. I have to add, what I really was thrilled about was the self-parking. The parking entrance is on N. Rush just north of Ontario next to the hotel's entrance. It's soooo convenient. Guests have access to their cars, from the hotel. I really thought that was a huge benefit to staying here IF you drive a car in. They do offer valet service too. There is some remodeling going on in the lobby but it didn't affect us on our recent visit. They have a pay as you go continental breakfast. the dining area looked very nice. The pool area and an enclosed courtyard looked very nice to me. We tried the Primehouse restaurant for full breakfast across the street, in the James Hotel and that was delicious. There is alot of choices in hotels for the Mag mile and that area. I was real curious what I was going to find when I got here and ended up really enjoying it. I like the other hotels too, but if I get the right rate, and I drive my car, I would definately consider returning to it. My wife loved it, so you KNOW thats good!! lol.. The Chicago Chop House is 3 blocks to the west, and there is a bus stop on Michigan at Ohio nearby. The bus stops at Michigan and Ontario on the return trips. The red line Grand &quot;El &quot; stop is within reasonable walking distance as well. Of course Michigan Ave is right there a block away. We also enjoyed the nearby Italian restaurant, Buca de Pepo at Rush and Grand. Alot of food!!  Anyway, I give the hotel a thumbs up recommendation all the way!	
Sep 5 2006 	Will be back	We had a group of eight and stayed in two rooms. We loved the location and the great service. We drove to the hotel (very easy) and left the vehicle in the ramp for our three night stay. The number of bars and restaurants within walking distance gave us a wide range of choices. An &quot;L&quot; stop is only a couple of blocks away and that can give you easy access to the rest of the city.	
Aug 20 2006	Great Location	The hotel was offering a special buy two nights get the third night free and that was the main reason for me staying here. It was what I expected as far as the size and conditon of the room. A very average room with a great location. The business center was available at no charge. The main negative to the room was the noisy air conditioning unit. Check out the great restaurants in the area.	
Aug 19 2006 	Great Customer Service!	We only had one day in Chicago and wanted to be close to most of the actions. This hotel delivered, being only a block from the Magnificent Mile. Upon check-in, our non-smoking room had a very noticable just-smoked-in smell. The front desk manager apologized profusely and quickly moved us to another room. He offered to upgrade us to a suite, but since I was travelling with my son, we rather have 2 beds than the 1 king bed in the suite. So the manager comped us with free breakfasts, instead. Overall, the room and bathroom were very nice and clean. We would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 16 2006 	Excellent Time at The Four Seasons!!!!	Just spent a full week at The Four Points (Aug 27 - Sept 3) and it was great. I am a very picky person where hotel stays are concerned and was very pleased with my experience. The staff is helpful and accommodating in every way. They always greet you with a smile and a &quot;hello&quot; as you pass the front desk (a lost art these days). The rooms where very clean and the beds very comfortable. We booked a Jr. suite which basically was one room with two double beds and a pull-out couch. The beds where very comfy and the pull-out couch was better than most I've experienced. The frig and microwave in the room were very welcome touches. On the fifth floor there is a small work-out room (3 or 4 treadmills and a rack of dumbells), a pool &amp; a jacuzzi. Like the work-out room, the pool &amp; jacuzzi area is small but the kids loved it and there was never a crowd the week we stayed (despite the heat wave going on outside). Security is very good. You need your room key to access the elevator as well as the pool and fitness areas. Maid service was very flexible. Because we stayed for a week we &quot;got motivated&quot; at different times every day and they left us alone until we were gone and the room was always in tip-top shape upon our return. There is a temporary set up for breakfast and evening happy hour (neither of which I used) but they are currently adding on a bar/restaraunt to the property. The reason I did not frequent the hotel amenities was because there was soooo many good places within a block and I would never waste a dining experience in Chicago on room service (it would truly be a sin). The best feature of this hotel is location!!!! One block from Michigan Ave and there are plenty of great eating choices minutes away. Great shopping to be had everywhere, a few grocery stores a couple blocks away; again, the location is perfect. The Four Points was everything I was looking for in a hotel and definitely will stay there again. I would also like to pass along a dining tip, although you almost can't go wrong in Chicago. There was a great breakfast place called &quot;Tempo&quot; that was about a fifteen minute walk from the hotel that had awesome omlets and other breakfast fare (it became a daily routine during our stay). I recommend it highly!!	
Aug 16 2006 	Great hotel!	Stayed for seven nights. The hotel is clean and the staff is very friendly and extremely helpful. The location is great. One block to the Mag Mile and about 4 blocks to the red line subway station. The only problems we had were that our room was not ready when we arrived and we were told it would be about an hour and they would call us on the cell phone when ready. We stopped back an hour and a half later and the room still was not ready. About an hour after that we still had not received a call. Stopped back again and the room was still not ready. They were however able to get us into another room at that time. The other problem is that the hotel does not really have a restaurant and they do not have a cocktail lounge. The breakfast buffet room on the 4th floor is lame and overpriced. We ate there the first morning and never went back. Overall a pleasant Sheraton experience. Philip the doorman is the best!	
Aug 14 2006 	Excellent family hotel great staff	We stayed at the Four Points in early August. We had 4 adults and 5 kids in 2 junior suites (a little tight, but we expected that). The front desk staff was wonderful - they always asked the kids in our group what they were going to do that day, and when we returned, they asked them what they did and if they had fun. Our rooms were ready early for check-in, and the room was very nice. Every single person, from the doorman to the front desk to the maids, was extremely friendly. Just a few bumps, though. The junior suite really is just 1 room. There are 2 double beds and a pull out sofa with no partition. The person at the 800 number for Sheraton said there was a &quot;living area separate from the bedroom, with a door in between the 2 spaces&quot;. That is not the case, and the front desk said there are no junior suites with separate rooms. We also had requested adjoining rooms, but were told that they don't assign rooms until check-in. When we checked in, however, they said they were full and had no adjoining rooms. Also, the lounge on the 4th floor where they serve breakfast in very expensive ($8 - $15 for so-so buffet) and they were out of many items, so I would recommend buying food and storing it in the refrigerator for breakfast. Overall, the hotel was one of the nicest I have stayed at in Chicago, especially for families, and it would definitely be my first choice next time.	
Jul 17 2006 	Really nice hotel	I stayed at the Four Points by Sheraton on the night of July 13, 2006 for business. The reason that this hotel was selected for me was because it is one of the last hotels within the city limits that have smoking rooms. The hotel itself was very nice and clean. The carpeting in my room and the hallway was a little dated but well taken care of. I was not really in the room that much but the bed was very comfortable. The soap should be replaced as it is Jergen’s which is very drying but other than that it really did not have any bad points.The front desk staff were quick, friendly and helpful. They supplied me with band-aids. The doorman and bell staff were friendly and offered to help. I would not hesitate to stay here again while in Chicago. My biggest disappointment is that all downtown hotels are going non-smoking within the city.	
Jul 17 2006	Four Points Sheraton the Best	We stayed at the Four Points Sheraton July 10 through the 13th. We were greeted by the two Nicest Bellman. The front desk clerks were equally as welcoming and allowed us to check in early. Our room was very clean and had comfortable beds. The room was stocked with bottled water, a mini fridge and microwave, coffeemaker, and a gaming system. The room was large enough for two adults and our two boys ages range from 6 to 12 and all our stuff. We stayed at the Venetian, Las Vegas in April and the rooms were not as large as those ( but just as comfortable with better lighting at Four Points) however the staff is by far Superior at Four Points!! The staff was extremely helpful with helping us firm up some museum and dinner plans. The lounge area was very relaxing, the same area was used for the breakfast. The kids enjoyed the breakfast ( good variety of hot and cold foods) and we had coffee. We didnt use room service but they did have a menu from the restaurant from across the street. The business center was one computer, printer, fax, in a glass enclosed room that you often had to wait for but were able to access. On our last day we needed a late check out and again the staff was very accommodating. We were always greeted with a smile and the friendliest staff( everyone we encountered). I would highly recommend this hotel...great location to shopping and sights for walking. The pool was indoor and the kids enjoyed a swim. My husband and I enjoyed the workout facility, good working equipment and clean. Great value, GREAT LOCATION, and CLEAN rooms, a must in my book!	
Jul 6 2006	Great boutique hotel experience	Do you like the feel of a boutigue hotel with super clean, new rooms tastefully decorated and only one block away from world-class shopping? If yes, then stay at this hotel. Stayed there October 2005 for 2 nights. Our room was decorated in taupes and ivories with Asian trad-comtempo art. Both the room and bathroom large for a BIG CITY hotel. If this delights you, you'll know what I am talking about. Breakfast was good with breafast room overlooking a classy street scence. Realize that this hotel is MAGNIFICIENT MILE located. Only one block from the mile. The residential properties and churches are old city style. I felt safe taking a hour long walk by myself on Sunday morning down Mag mile and surronding blocks. It was fun to check out the 5 star hotels and know that I had stayed at the fraction of their price in a truely elegant hotel.	
Jul 5 2006	Wonderful Hotel For Families	I was recently in Chicago for A Taste of Chicago for 4 days. This hotel is a wonderful hotel for families. If you are looking for luxury experience, this is not the hotel fo you.Pros:Location - 1 block off Mag Mile. Accessible to State Street Shopping via bus. 4 blocks from River North (great dining)Staff - Very friendly and very helpfulBeds - Comfortable and comparable to beds at Marriott and Crowne PlazaAppliances - Great having a microwave and refrigerator in room.Overall presentation and cleanliness of common areas - excellentCons:Price - This hotel is too expensive for the accommodations. I received the military rate of $149/night. Had it not been for that I would have went somewhere else.Cleaning - When we first checked in I noticed the bath tub was not as clean as it should have been (hair) nor were all of the amenties in the bathroom (shower cap, etc) or complimentary water. Upon reporting, the supervisor came to my room, apologized and got everything I needed. I left a $2 tip each day for the housekeeper and she made sure eveything was cleaned and replaced.Restaurant - Do not use the hotel for breakfast. The hot buffet is $11.95 and terrible. The continental buffet was $9.95. The eggs were terrible and the fruit was overly ripe. Instead go to the West Egg Cafe (about 3 blocks up Ontario after your cross Michigan Ave) or go to the Grand Lux across the street (wonderful food...especially dinner)If you are going to be in Chicago for a few days, be sure and get a CTA pass to have unlimited access to the train and bus system. Don't be afraid to use. Chicago locals take care of their tourist. This is the mid-west. They are very friendly (for the most part) and very helpful. At no time did I feel unsafe anywhere. We went to the fireworks down on the lake during Taste of Chicago. There were 1 million people down there. The police didn't allow folks to get out of hand. It was crowded, but never felt afraid for our safety.As hotels go, this is a great hotel for families. It's quiet and with it having suites, it will be easy for the kids to stay in the same room with their parents. Now if you are looking for a luxury experience, I would suggest the Intercontinental Hotel on Michigan Ave. Very nice and only about $20-$30 difference. Historic tower rooms are small, but really nice!Because I like more of a luxury experience, I would not stay here again but I have no problem whatsoever recommending to families.	
Jun 30 2006	Wonderful Location/Staff/Hotel	After a couple weeks in Ireland we were jumping for joy at this wonderful hotel. It had a pretty spacious lobby&amp; desk/door staff were soooo friendly too. The rooms were new and roomy as hotel rooms go, nice big TV (after 13&quot; TVs in Ireland) frig (free water bottle each day) and microwave too.Comfy soft beds. Big bath with full tub/shower and all the goodies you need to stay clean and moisturized. Even a nice laundry room on 8th floor - only 50 cents to wash and 50 cents to dry - that is a bargin. Went to the desk at 4:30 am to ask for change (only had eruos and couldn't sleep with the 6 hours time change) and was given quarters with a smile. Amazing! Our room (6th floor) looked out on other buildings and the street scene of Rush Ave. Nothing spectacular but not much traffic noise either. Had trouble with our A/C at 10:00 pm and the engineer came up within 5 minutes - determined the thermostat battery was dead, replaced it and left within a couple minutes. Fantastic service - also decided to get a roll-away for our daughter (after 2 weeks in B&amp;B's we wanted to spread out...) about 10:30 pm and it was there with a smile in less than 5 minutes.  Ate across the street at Grand Lux Cafe - really good - a lot like Cheese Cake Factory. Aslo ate at the Mexican place across the street - not great service and the food was very bland. After 2 weeks of Irish food we really wanted good Mexican...it was a dissapointment. Starbucks 1-1/2 blocks, building a Trader Joes next door.Giordanos Pizza 4 blocks away - outstanding. I booked thru the hotel and paid $230. Considering it was one block off the Michigan Ave where all the groovey stores are it was a bargin. Took a cab from O'hare for $35 and did the hop-on hop-off bus and walked everywhere else. Nice neighborhood, beautiful flowers and nice wide sidewalks.	
Jun 12 2006	Superb service quality and location at 4 Points Sheraton	We stayed at the 4 Points Sheraton Chicago downtown as my daughter and I were celebrating her high school graduation with a shopping trip to Chicago the end of May. We were impressed with it's location to all the shops on Michigan Ave. We found our hotel very accomidating from the moment we arrived. Prompt greetings from the doorman (Phillip, what a GREAT guy) to the front desk. The hotel is very safe as you need your room key to use the elevator. We were on the 6th floor. Great quiet part of the hotel, never heard a peep all night long. The room was tastefully decorated and the beds mattress, linens and many pillows wispered luxury. We slept like babies in our beds...Sheraton's signature mattresses were true to their word. Rooms had microwave, refrigerator and a coffee pot (+ one compllimentary bottle of water per day). Really liked the extended shower curtain and bathrrom decor as well. Pool was very small, but hot tub was nice and both clean. Business center was very nice on the 4th floor. Nice sitting area right outside of the business area with a nice fireplace and large plasma where they had an assortment of wooden board games for guests to play. The breakfast was okay, nothing to brag about. We had to make our own waffle and it was something we felt should have been made by the staff as everyone struggled with spraying and pouring the batter in the iron. The egg quiche was aweful, no flavor and tasted like a fake egg peice of pie with no seasoning. Bottom line, for $12. we could have went somewhere nice and had a real breakfast. On a positve note, the Tazo tea was a nice treat. The hotel itself was wonderul and we would definately stay here again the next time we are in Chicago.	
Jun 3 2006	Great place	We stayed from May 28-June 2 and had a great time. They do everything possible to make your stay a 10..Thank you for a great visit andwe WILL stay at this place everytime we go on vacation	
May 10 2006 	Great hotel great value	I stayed here with my husband and two year old. The hotel location is excellent right in the heart of Chicago off the Magnificent mile. Lots of excellent restaurants and shops all within walking distance. The staff were outstanding and so patient and nice to us.Our hotel room was a great size with good size bathroom and both were clean. The facilities in the room were great and very importantly it was quiet. We were delighted with our stay here and enjoyed the pool, gym etc. We found the staff helpful with suggestions of where to go and how to get there. We would definitely stay here again.	
May 8 2006	What we needed no more no less	This hotel met our needs: good location, reasonable rates (we paid far less than the $200 of previous review), clean, quiet, in short quite good for a three-star hotel. The staff were all helpful and very friendly. The breakfast was ho-hum, nothing much of interest, but it was included in our room rate so we ate there.	
May 3 2006 	Will NOT stay here again! Waste of money!	The hotel was not worth the 200.00 a night that I paid, even for a business trip. The bathroom was dirty and had black hair in the shower and sink basin (long strands, like someone was pulling there hair out which I began to understand the day of check out!!).I requested a late check out,which was granted for 2pm. When I returned to my room at 1:30 to gather my things, my door had been proped open. There was nobody around. My stuff was in public view and ready for anyone to walk in the room. I was really freaked out and very upset! I told the front desk at check out and received a reply of &quot;you were checked out already.&quot; By who? I was in the room alone!!! Then i had to bargain with the man to give me a receipt with a zero balance. I was not happy with this hotel at all. I will not stay here again!! Save your money!	
Apr 4 2006	Comfortable and accessible	A little late in getting this review in. I've stayed in many hotels in Chicago and this was certainly one of the best experiences. We stayed at the Four Points right after it first opened in July of 2005. As I have come to expect from Sheratons, the hotel and rooms were spacious and comfortable (I love their beds and pillows, they just beg to be slept in). The hotel staff was pleasant and helpful. Many Chicago attractions are close by or a quick train ride away. We were in town for a Cubs game and had no trouble finding the red-line and getting to and from the stadium. I highly recommend this hotel. It really is reasonably priced for the location and it's amenities.	
Apr 1 2006	Great location Great Value	Our family stayed here for my husband's birthday. For the price, the location can't be beat. With small children we easily walked to Michigan Ave. and Water Tower Place. The kids enjoyed the pool which was small but very warm. I booked our trip under a package where the children were supposed to get a free breakfast. When I checked in I mentioned this to the employee. They said someone would send the vouchers up to our room. When no one arrived for hours, I called down to the front desk and they finally sent them up to the room. Kids enjoyed the breakfast of waffles, bagels, and cereal. We would definitely stay here again!	
Mar 15 2006	Great hotel....awesome location....will definately stay again!	From the start we were very pleased with our experience at Four Points. You have the option to self park in a very nice (enclosed, bright) ramp attached to the hotel (considerably cheaper than valet) with in/out privileges. The staff was very friendly. The rooms, hallways, lobby and pool areas were very clean and seemed to be newly remolded. The pool only goes up to 3 ft. but the hot tub was a nice bonus. The bed was very comfortable, the room had no huge bells or whistles but it did include a fridge and microwave. We will definitely stay here again considering the rate we received, the awesome location, the pleasant staff and how clean everything was.	
Mar 7 2006	Excellent choice	We stayed at the Four Points Magnificent Mile for a girls weekend trip. The service from all employees was excellent. We were all very impressed! The bellhops were very gracious and the front desk staff was amazing and very helpful. And you can not beat the location. I look forward to staying here next time I'm in Chicago.	
Mar 3 2006	WONDERFUL ROOMS AND STAFF	I have a problem; I can't handle any dirt. I am a clean fanatic and this hotel was spotless. The staff, including the manager, was extremely kind and considerate. The reservation person and the bellman were so helpful. The hotel was beautiful!	
Feb 22 2006 	Efficiency and location the best	I have stayed here twice in the past couple of months. This is great Hotel for the quick in and out, one block off the miracle mile. There are loads of great restuarants walking distance and great bars. The Hotel is modest, rooms are plain, but with that great Sheraton bed, also very clean with a friendly staff. The breakfast is better than average for about 10 bucks, or try a local cafe close by. Gym facillity somewhat limited, but pool and whirlpool better than average, for a downtown Hotel. Nice parking garage, but 28 bucks a day is a little heavy. Recomend for business traveler on a quick trip during the week trip, or family looking to save a few bucks, with a great location to Chicago's best shopping and night life. I 94 is very close, as well as lake shore drive, the Hotel is easy to get to.	
Feb 8 2006	Good room good service	We spent two nights at the Four Points and were very pleased. The desk staff was efficient and pleasant, and check-in was very quick. The front door staff is excellent, and the valet parking staff only took a few minutes each time we needed our car. The room was large, with comfortable beds. Free internet in the rooms through a wall connection above desk. Refrigerator, microwave, free bottled water, free coffee in room were welcome touches. Location is excellent for restaurants and Mich. Ave. shopping.	
Jan 31 2006	The good the bad and the not so good	Starting with the bad: not all hotel staff has same level of expertise, know-how, problem solving ability &amp; some inebriated guests hang around the swimming pool occasionally. The not so good: breakfast is expensive and boring (nice view of town though). The good: once we finally were given the rooms we needed and had reserved, they were wonderful, comfortable, spacious etc....Fridges &amp; microwaves in rooms are good too. Location is entirely great.	
Jan 27 2006	Nice hotel at a very reasonable rate	I just spent a weekend there and I have no complaints. The staff was friendly; the rooms are clean and quite big; and the location is perfect. I will definitely stay there again.	
Jan 10 2006	Great Deal	Stayed at the Four Points Nov 30-Dec 4 (4 nights). Chose this hotel on the basis of availability location near the Mag Mile and the reviews I read. Generally no complaints. The location is great - a short block away from the prime Mag Mile shopping area, down the street from some great restaurants (including legendary Deep Dish pizza joints and steak houses) and centrally located to just about anywhere you'd want to go in the core city area - Sears and Hancock Towers, Water Tower Place, Art Institute, Grant Park, Navy Pier, Millenium Park, downtown, which are all walking distance. In addition, since its not on Michigan Ave, its actually very quiet in the hotel, so its like having the best of both worlds.The hotel itself was nice - we stayed in a King Room - big, comfy bed and good space in the room. Good water pressure in the shower, all that stuff. Everything looked new, thanks to the recent refurbishment. The hotel staff were great with directions and recommendations, and were extremely friendly. The lobby was simple and functional, nothing special (not that big a deal to me), and of course, the room was WAY cheaper than most of the rooms in the area. My only beef is the lack of a restaurant/bar. The hotel does serve breakfast (way too early for my liking - they need to appreciate that some people don't want to wake up at 8am when on vacation after a late night out), but there's no restaurant for dinner, lunch, whatever. As a result, even if you just want a snack, glass of wine or a beer, you have to leave the hotel to get one - in December, that can be a bit of a pain when going out means putting on your coat and warmer clothing and such. That's probably the one big thing the hotel was missing, in my view. Good news is that looked to us as if there are plans to put a restaurant/bar at the hotel (we saw signs for it), so hopefully that comes to pass. If that happens, my review goes up to 5 stars. Overall, I absolutely recommend this hotel, and certainly intend to stay there again when I'm next in Chicago, whether or not they ever do put in a restaurant.	
Dec 12 2005	What a great place to stay!	We stayed at Four Points Chicago Downtown to see the light-up festival at Michigan Ave as well as enjoy shopping there. Initially we tried to book Lenox Suites(just across from Four Points) but it seemed to have been under renovation and couldn't allow any reservation (or too expensive.) We found this hotel pretty quickly at travelocity because it looked new but still cheap, and then we checked several reviews here, which looked perfect, so we decided to go for it. Because I combined my flight with 3-night stay with my family, the rate was really good---total was around $600 including my flight(IND-ORD), and 3-night stay(including tax and everything.)The location of the hotel is excellent! Only 1 block from Michigan Avenue where you can enjoy shopping forever. You can walk up to the Watertower easily and also walk down to Chicago Theater. There are a lot of nice restaurants in a walking distance (Within 4 or 5 blocks, you can find Osco where you can buy nice deli and wines.) You can also walk to the subway station, which was really nice for me who needed to go back to O'hare Airport. The first impression of the lobby was very clean, pleasant, and relaxing. Although the space was not huge, it was big and nice enough for us to begin our vacation. The staffs at the front desk were EXTREMELY nice and friendly, and whenever we had any question(mostly for directions,) they explained us everything very well and we had no problem to find any location.The room felt a bit small at first, but with a king-size bed sitting in the middle of the room, it was understandable. But the room had a small fridge and a coffee maker, which helped us enjoy our left-over pizzas and the first morning coffee.While staying there for 3 nights, we realized how quiet the room was. When you stay even in a middle-class hotel, you can sometimes hear the water running, someone hopping or watching TV. But in this hotel, we didn't have any problem of noise. That was very nice.The bathroom was clean and nice, and the shower worked perfectly(sometimes you cannot get hot pleasant shower in an old hotel, you know.) One time we had to ask for an extra blanket(not because the room was cold), a lady brought it pretty quickly. One big plus is that the hotel had a business center, where you can have an access to the internet. It is only for those who are staying in the hotel(but you need your room key to enter the center,) and what is better, it's free! You can even print out from the PC, so it was very convenient. We often enjoyed chatting and joking with the doorman and the porter at the lobby. Although the hotel looked busy welcoming many customers while we were staying there, every staff had the same kind of very pleasant, relaxed, and friendly air.Overall, I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to enjoy shopping, eating, and sightseeing in Chicago. If I have another plan to go up to Chicago, I will definitely stay in this hotel. What a great place!	
Dec 12 2005	Clean Great Location	I needed a hotel for five people. The Jr. Suite had two full size beds and one pull-out. Also a small microwave and refrigerator. The room was very roomy and clean. The staff friendly and helpful. If your going to shop, the location is perfect. Parking is available at this hotel...$26 to self park (which you should do) or $36 to valet park. We definetly would come back here.	
Nov 23 2005	Wonderful Weekend	Had a great stay for my birthday weekend, staff was courteous and helpful with directions, adequate location for shopping, dining, and site seeing in the area. Will definately stay again.	
Nov 2 2005	Stay here - excellent breakfast w/good price	Wow - was it surprising to find a full breakfast, including alleged gratuity, plus tax with such an &quot;up&quot; person like Georgia helping provide good ambiance all for $11.95. Really fresh orange juice, a waffle maker, good Seattle coffee, everything much better than the Westin and Sheraton Chicago. Hotel has laundry for only 50 cents, dryer too. Nice staff.	
Nov 1 2005	pleasantly surprised	What a great stay! Perhaps the friendliest staff of any motel I've ever stayed. Great location at a great value. I'll never stay anywhere else in Chicago! Very nice mini-suites.	
Nov 1 2005	Overall good but bring your own safe deposit ...	What with renowned pizza and other restaurants within a block, great shopping, good value in room rate, what's there to criticize? Not much - but the bean counters at hotel management have not provided in room safes - I just don't feel comfortable leaving computer, valuables out and don't understand how hotel planners provide in room coffee maker, microwave, mini fridge, wi-fi, but not that other modern hotel amenity - in room safes. The bean counters have also provided a shower curtain with no need for &quot;rings&quot; at the top, so the pole goes through the curtain itself, a bit hesitantly. Decor nice neutral, new, unlike some of the mega hotels here. Free Wi Fi is nice feature. The hotel elevators make an unpleasant sound when passing each floor - who needs more noise in life? Keycard needed for elevator access to room floors. Location is excellent. No in hotel dining after 9 or 10 pm. Good value for fresh property in excellent location. I prefer this location to the hotels on No. Michigan Ave. because the restaurants, mini grocery stores, good, affordable shopping are closer by.	
Oct 26 2005	You will not be disappointed! EXCELLENT choice!	I was in charge of choosing the hotel for our recent girls trip to Chicago. I was so proud of the choice that I made! It was an excellent hotel all of the way around. It was clean, well decorated, comfortable, and very nice. It's in a very safe area. All of the staff were wonderful &amp; always eager to help us. The hotel is located perfectly - within walking distance to absolutely everything that we wanted to do all weekend. We couldn't have asked for anything any better. Our only complaint was the noise from the street outside (traffic). However, nothing could be done about this &amp; it would have been the same issue with any hotel that we stayed at in the area this close to Michigan Ave.	
Oct 25 2005	Great location. Very nice room.	The best thing about this place is the location. It's one block west of N. Michigan Ave. and only about 3 blocks from the &quot;L&quot; red line, so very easy access to everything. If you don't have a lot of luggage, the &quot;L&quot; only costs $1.75 to/from the airports as opposed to $25-50 by cab or shuttles.I was using my Starwood points for a free stay (7000 points for a category 3) and my Gold status even got me a free upgrade with the free stay! I was given a jr. suite which had 2 double beds and a pull-out sofa. All the rooms have a small refrigerator and microwave. This room would be great for families. The fitness center and swimming pool are also very nice. There's no restaurant, but when there are hundreds within a mile radius, who needs one in the hotel.Overall, it was a great way to use my Starwood points.	
Oct 19 2005	Loved it!!!!	My family and I just came back from a girl trip to Chicago. The Four Points Sheraton was an excellent choice. The staff was pleasant and always smiling. We booked the room for $149 per nt. by phone, but I would advise not pay more than that. Overall the hotel is still under construction, they are in the process of opening a Sushi bar within a couple on months. When ever I return to Chicago I will definitely stay at the Sheraton again.	
Sep 16 2005	Good value for Chicago !	We are Europeans and made a roadtrip in the US this summer.We booked our stay at the Four Points through the Sheraton website. We paid 150$ per night, tax included.We decided to stay there because we wanted to be in Downtown Chicago, and the Four Points was the best alternative we've found. In fact other 3/4 stars Chicago hotels are horribly expensive.I still think that 150$ per night is very expensive for a hotel room, but when I saw the other prices in Chicago, I was happy to get this rate at Four Points.Hotel's good points:- Very well situated, just 1 block from the Magnificent Mile !!!- Very clean rooms- Big standard rooms, well furnished- Nice bathrooms- Nice swimming poolBad points:- VERY noisy street, you MUST ask for a NON street-facing room !!!- Hotel is still in construction, there are still some works under progress (parking garage &amp; restaurant not completed for example)- Staff is strange: they smile and say &quot;hello&quot; anytime they got the chance, but if you ask for ANYTHING, they want to get a tip ! We asked at the front desk for a self park in the area, and they looked at us saying: &quot;we're not sure about that&quot;, i.e.: give me 5 bucks and I'll tell you where's a good self park- As there is still no parking in the hotel, you'll have to pay crazy prices for a self park in the area, expect to pay around 30$ a day... I never saw such prices in my whole life, totally crazy !About Chicago: nice city, but too expensive. Everything is too expensive in Chicago. I mean: Paris or Rome are the best cities in the world, and they're cheaper !!!	
Sep 15 2005 	rooms not as nice as Westin	I stayed at the Four Points for government business and was disappointed that the &quot;free breakfast&quot; offered to government employees was certainly not offered at this location, despite the fact I paid the same amount of $$$ to stay here that I paid to stay at the Westin Michigan Avenue, and the amenities at the Westin Michigan Avenue were far nicer.The hotel is new and work is ongoing. Despite the fact that I'm a Starwood Gold Member I was given no upgrade of any kind. I'm beginning to realize the Starwood Gold program is pretty much a sham. The hotel staff was nice, and the hotel is well located. Rooms are small and the hallway was way too long - took quite awhile to find my room and a long time to get out of building, etc. Although small, the room was sufficient. The #1 thing that I can say about this hotel is that I loved the fitness center. Although it's not huge by any standard, the equipment is brand new with TV screens, and they even have headphones available for travelers like me who forget to bring the headphones.Also, I'm having problems getting my Starwood points for my hotel stay. Guess the hotel screwed up. I'm having to submit all kinds of documentation, etc. to ensure I get my points and credit for the stay. To what avail??? Stay here if you must, but there are much nicer hotels in the area.	
Sep 14 2005 	Nice Place to Stay		
Sep 13 2005	Four Points Sheraton-Downtown		
Sep 7 2005	Stay here if you find a good price		
Aug 18 2005	Good stay at the Sheraton		
Aug 16 2005	great location comfortable beds		
Aug 16 2005	Found a new gem!		
Jul 17 2005	Awesome Location/Great Hotel!!		
Jul 9 2005	Excellent location in the heart of Chicago!		
Jul 3 2005	Decent place to stay if you don't want to spend much money		
Jun 12 2009 	Ottima location		
Jan 29 2009 	très sympa abordable et bien situé		
Jul 7 2008 	hotel très sympa!!!		
