Nov 22 2009 	Not for Handicapped People	If you are handicapped, don't stay here. No valet parking, long walk to park, very dis-couraging. Nice view of the city, I enjoyed the food. Small Rooms need updating, dusty room, the most I have ever seen in a hotel, ever. I will look elsewhere when returning to Chicago.	
Nov 9 2009 	Great location and hotel	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Chicago (Mart Plaza) with some friends in a double room. The room was a tad bit pricey but since three of us were paying it didn't matter. It's located right next door to an El stop and the views of the river and downtown Chicago were GORGEOUS. We fell asleep looking at the Sears Tower. The room was very clean and the service was excellent. The concierges on duty was extremely helpful giving us directions and tips when we needed them. One concierge gave us an entire itinerary for a night in Boystown (a great bistro and then some great clubs to go to). I highly recommend it if you can afford it or if you are splitting the cost with someone else.	
Nov 6 2009 	Chicago Sun times building good view	I stayed there for 4 days including weekends. It was located right next to Chicago river, right next to the Merchandise mart. 1. location. Near North. I had little hard time finding the building entrance at night, the door connecting through the m-mart was closed, so I had to drag my bags and walk around the building. After then, I enjoyed walking down the street and looking at the boats. Once you cross the bridge, you can walk to the Chicago theater, ABC 7, department stores, borders bookstore and coffee shops. I had to use UPS and FEDEX service, they were very close and friendly. 2. hotel.It was just average. the room was clean and the view was great looking down the river. but the overall facilities were average.3. restaurant.I had dinner at the restaurant ordered the soba noodle salad and lobster main dish. but the noodle was overcooked, salad was right from a package, and the lobster was okay but not impressed with the risotto.	
Nov 2 2009 	Quite pleasantly surprised	We expected a very affordable place to stay for a weekend trip to Chicago and not much else. The Holiday Inn Mart Plaza was definitely an affordable place to stay - but it way a lot more than that too. The hotel overlooks the river. Our room had a great river view. It's also centrally located - and there's an El stop accessible directly through the convention center which is connected. I'd definitely stay here again. The hotel also comes with free wifi, which is great for connected travelers like us!	
Nov 1 2009 	Great Hotel	Amazing views of the city, reasonable price, centrally located, great staff, nice rooms, located in the center of everything. 	
Nov 1 2009 	Fantastic River View 	We stayed here for 2 nights having booked with hotwire.com.for a great price. We had earlier stayed at a hotel close the the Magnificent Mile, so we wanted to try something different &amp; slightly cheaper. We were pleasently surprised. The hotel was in a highrise over an office building, therefore it had some great views. It was a very nice hotel and a great room, but it all starts on the 14th Floor, so be advised you need to take a lift to check in first of all. Great views of the city and river and easy walking distance to many sites. We love to get out &amp; about walking so it was in a good location, plus we didn't fear for our safety . Taxis were always close at hand.We had a couple drinks at the Skyline Bar on our last night and it also has a fantastic view of Chicago skyline - really beautiful at night &amp; what a great way to remember our last night in Chicago. We decided to stay there and eat, just ask the waitress for the restaurant menu rather than the limited bar snacks/menu. Beer prices in the bar we felt were actually quite resonable, considering the view you have &amp; we had paid more for a beer at a basic restaurant. All in all, we'd stay there again.	
Oct 29 2009 	Something extra	Great quality, Very nice design, Expensive breakfast.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great Stay	I used my Priority Points for part of the stay. While I was surprised that the hotel was in a highrise over an office building, it was a very nice hotel and a great room. Great views of the city and river and easy walking distance to many sites. The buffet breakfast was included in my rate, so you couldn't beat that (good buffet). The staff was very friendly and helpful. I had free wireless in the room. We took the L in from the airport--the orange line stop is about a 15-20 minute walk (across the river), but a good savings over a cab drive to the airport if you are on a budget.	
Oct 19 2009	Fabulous view - overall good hotel experience	Stayed 4 nights in this hotel on 18th floor (Thurs-Sun), connected by pedway to Merchandise Mart. Also CTA train station located in the mart. Long walk from hotel but still good. Please note, all closed on Sunday, must enter from outside and down the street. Good mid city location. Registration staff we encountered not especially helpful or friendly but concierge Christopher AND Robert were exceptional. Was not given the $20 complimentary voucher from breakfast for each day as was stated in my Expedia purchase info. Hotel staff totally refused to honor my request, even though I paid a LOT for this room and they admitted they had such an offer. View was fabulous. Room clean. Heating/air worked great. Minimal noise could be heard from rooms around us but the cleaning staff VERY loud outside our room for an extended period as they prepared each morning to clean rooms. Bathroom did not have heat lamp or fan. No counter/mirror area outside of bathroom so very difficult for two or more people to get ready at the same time.	
Oct 18 2009 	Great view exceptional deal	Stayed at this location this past weekend and had a great time. The facility has been recently upgraded, we used out Priority club points and the staff booked us in a Master King Suite on the corner over looking the downtown area and river, WHAT A VIEW!! Full glass windows to the south and east, cool during the day and beautiful at night. Room was great, staff was friendly, Christopher the concierge was perfect with suggestions and a huge help. Way to deliver Holiday INN!	
Oct 8 2009	Incredible View	We haven't stayed at this hotel for almost 20 years and the change is unbelievable. The view from the bar at night was hypnotizing and the rooms were great. We were able to request pillows that suited our sleeping style and that was amazing.	
Sep 7 2009 	Nice hotel with great views	We stayed here as we were on a weekend getaway. Had a spectacular view of the skyline and river. We were on the 22nd floor and had a corner suite so had views all around. Staff was friendly and helpful. Had a couple drinks at the Skyline Bar and it also has great views of Chicago skyline exceptionally beautiful at night. Prices in the bar were actually a little cheaper than some of the bars we went to. $9 for a martini is not that terribly bad. I would recommend the Snicker martini! Overall, had a great weekend and got to see a lot of the city and what it has to offer. P.S. We also got engaged this weekend on top of the Sears Tower!	
Aug 27 2009 	Great View Nice Room	I was impressed with the view and the room. The wireless internet signal is weak in some places, but I eventually got it working (it could be better). There is a nice lounge/bar in the hotel, and it's within walking distance of several shops and places to eat. It's easy to get to a train from the Merchandise Mart by way of the hotel.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great price 	We booked over the phone after looking at pictures online. Never been to Chicago before and didn't know what to expect. We booked directly with the Hotel and got a great price because mom is a senior citizen. Staff was friendly and efficent. They even loaned us a wheelchair for mom! The view over the river was amazing! Taxis were always close at hand and we were close to just about everything we wanted to do. VERY PLEASED with this place and would stay again. Rooms are basic and double beds were smallish (full sized) but we weren't in them long! :) Tolietries were great, Bath and Body works brand. They had a nice bar in the Hotel too. Restuarant as well.	
Aug 17 2009 	inconvenient	We stayed 2 nights at this hotel in August. When we pulled up in front of the &quot;hotel&quot;, we realized we were pulling up in front of an office building. The hotel starts on the 14th floor. So...if you want to run in and check in but leave older teenagers in the car until you get a room key...impossible to do. The option to unload luggage at the front door is fine IF you feel comfortable leaving a family member with it while you park in the lot and then walk up 2 flights of stairs, or you can park and drag your luggage up the steps yourself (which is what we did), then take the elevator to the 14th floor to the hotel, then take a different elevator to your room, or you can park all the way at the bottom of the garage and take a hallway to an elevator (handicapped route) which I chose not to do because of the time of night we arrived. All this to say that it was just very inconvenient. The pluses were: The front desk staff, and information desk people were very friendly, and the view from our room was fantastic. Our room was just O.K, cleanish, but we had to call maintenance since our toilet wouldn't flush. Evidentally someone before us had flushed a bar of soap. The restaurant that we went to was a bad experience. As the waiter was putting my child's plate down, half the food slid off onto the table. The waiter acted as if nothing had happened, did not offer to get a new meal, did not appologize, nothing. I should have asked for a replacement, but it was very late, we'd been driving for 16 hours, and so my son just ate the food that hadn't fallen off. After we paid, and walked away, and I guess after discovering that I hadn't tipped him, the waiter began yelling and cussing that this was 'the second time....&quot; This was actually a bit scary especially to my children. This hotel is NOT conveniently located to anything touristy. I think a lot of business people stay here because of it's location to the Plaza mart or whatever it is called. However, there are taxis that line up in front of the building, so not difficult to get anywhere.	
Aug 12 2009 	WOW! Great people great service great view great experience!	The people rock! The bellman who greet you are so very, very friendly and helpful! The concierges helped us tremendously...we loved Christopher! We had issues with getting Sears tower tickets from the Sears tower group and he was &quot;on it&quot; from the start. He was relentless in his pursuit of our happiness and kept following the issue until even after we checked out. The people taking reservations were very personable, the waiter in the restaurant was right on top of it and even the housekeeper was very nice, very professional and very pleasant. Alls I can say was WOW...great job!!	
Aug 11 2009 	Average stay. Bland Hotel.	I must admit this was not my 1st choice. Unfortunately, when you use the &quot;name your own price&quot; option on Priceline, you do not know where you're staying until after they accept your bid. I am accustomed to having breakfast included as well as a business center where you can access the internet for free (For example Hampton Inn), but that was not the case here. I refused to pay the exorbitant prices at the restaurant. The fitness room was OK. The location was also good, as I was able to walk everywhere. The bathtub in my room was peeling. If I had not waited until the last moment to book a hotel room, I probably would have stayed elsewhere. If you cannot find a room at another hotel, then you can try this place. Otherwise you might do better somewhere else. Overall, it was OK, nothing special.	
Aug 3 2009 	Fantastic view!	The best part of this hotel is the view. It sits on TOP of the Chicago Sun Times building, with the huge lobby on the 15th floor. Our room was on the 23rd floor overlooking the Chicago river &amp; everything on it ~ Breathtaking! I feel bad for the reviewer who said she had a view of a wall ~ that WOULD be awful! The beautiful Merchandise Mart was next door by way of a pedestian walkway, as was the train station, which was SO convenient for us! The room was lovely &amp; clean with comfy beds (most important!) We were also able to take advantage of the view from the CityScape bar on the lobby level, complete with free appetizers! My only complaint would be the VERY EXPENSIVE breakfast menu in the hotel's restaurant ($14 for french toast(!) &amp; $2.50 for a cup of coffee) I believe it was the same as the room service menu in the room.	
Aug 3 2009 	Great Hotel. Great Value	My wife and I were going to Chicago to see Jersey Boys and needed a hotel for one Saturday night. The Holiday Inn Chicago Mart Plaza was a great choice. It was a great location, near the theatre and with awesome views of the river and the city. The hotel was very clean, obviously recently renovated, and had a very helpful and friendly staff. We also got a great price on Hotwire. Parking is not cheap ($31/night) but that is hardly unusual in Chicago. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 26 2009 	Good hotel - Would stay here again.	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Chicago - Mart Plaza for two nights at the end of June 2009. It was a little bit nicer than the typical Holiday Inn, especially the lobby. The room was a little small, but fine for 3. The entire hotel was very clean. The beds were okay, but the pillows were great, and we got a &quot;pillow menu&quot; in case we needed different types of pillows. The hotel occupies the top 9 floors above the Chicago Sun Times building, and we were on the 21st floor. We were on the back side of the hotel and had a great view of the Hancock tower just to our right.The service we received in this hotel was wonderful. James checked us in and he couldn't be nicer. The concierge (Robert? Richard?) was so welcoming. He answered all of our questions and had information about how to get places, what to see and where to eat (we never made it to the restaurants he recommended, though, as there was a McDonald's on almost every block and my husband is not very adventurous when it comes to food).I did not use the exercise room, but it looked well-appointed. The pool was a little bit chilly, but not too bad.The hotel is in a great location. We had a 15 minute walk to Michigan Ave. in one direction and a 15 minute walk from the Sears (Willis) tower in another. We walked almost everywhere (we took a water taxi a few times), and didn't fear for our safety (except from the crazy cab drivers that were EVERYWHERE). The hotel is right next to the Merchandise Mart which has a lot of very high end home decorating shops and some restaurants and snack shops.Parking was $31 a night and although we didn't check in until 5 on Tuesday, we were able to leave the car there for a full 48 hours, which allowed us to do some sight seeing for a few hours after we checked out on Wednesday (Wendella offers a great architectural boat tour). We are priority/preffered members (free to join), so we got a coupon at check-in that gave us the choice of 15% off a meal at the restaurant or $5 a day off of parking. We chose the $$ off of parking.The only negative thoughts I have about this hotel were 1) it seemed rather small for the price, but I guess that's to be expected in a large city such as Chicago, 2) the hotel restaurant was a bit pricey ($11.95 for a continental breakfast???), and 3) the water temperature in the shower fluctuated so much that I spent more time adjusting the temp than I did actually showering.I will stay at this hotel again the next time we visit Chicago. Instead of driving, though, I would find a cheap flight. That way we would avoid having to pay to park, and having to drive in city traffic or on any of the freeways near the city. The cabs are so plentiful, and the public transportation there is so great, you wouldn't need a car at all!	
Jul 24 2009 	Great Location Great Property	I enjoyed the room on the top floor. It provided two sides of views. The staff was courteous and friendly. The elevators were responsive, including the set that take you from street level to the hotel lobby. The hotel is conveniently located close to CTA stops so you can take the train from O'Hare to downtown. The bar adjacent to the lobby provides a similar view to the photo I attached. This was my first time at this property; it will likely not be my last. A great place to stay.	
Jul 22 2009 	Beautiful renovation awesome location- would stay again in a heartbeat!	We were very impressed with our stay and will definitely return on other trips. The hotel has incredibly helpful staff, from the doorman to the concierge to the manager! We were in a newly renovated &quot;room with a view&quot; on the 23rd floor and I was very impressed. There is an overall modern &amp; hip feeling our room as well as the hotel's lobby &amp; restaurant areas. The bathroom &amp; room updates have been done very well. The shower was a generous size and there was nice storage in the sink/vanity area. The room was HUGE! We had 2 double beds and ample room for a desk and an armchair with an ottoman. We had 4 people in the room and did not feel uncomfortable in the least. The beds &amp; linens were clean, inviting and comfortable. I can't vouch for rooms that have not been renovated yet though so if you are booking, I highly recommend asking for an updated room. My only issues with the entire stay were:-very chilly pool temperature-reaching the hotel lobby required you to walk through the building lobby and then take an elevator to the 15th floor which was awkward when laden down with luggage and tired kids-if you chose to park your car and handle your luggage yourself, there were many many stairs to climb to reach the building lobby from the parking lotIn the grand scheme of things, my issues were negligible. Very nice stay!	
Jul 20 2009 	You're paying for location and a clean room.	This hotel is floor 14-24 of the Sun-Times building. You have to take an elevator to floor 15 to the hotel lobby, and then go through the lobby to get on another elevator to get to your hotel room. You’ll get your fair share of exercise here. They have porters and concierge service. The lobby is new and has kind of an Asian flare. The restaurant, bar and lobby are all together on the same floor, and have an “open air” type forum, which makes for good people watching. The bar has an amazing view of the city, and outside of daily “specials”, you pay for it. The servers, and wait staff were exceptional.Our room was small but not stuffy. Our view was excellent, as we were upgraded for being Priority Club members, upon request. Be sure to ask for a room with a view, as some rooms have no view. Our room was outdated but clean. No funny smells, no rust stains, no torn carpet, etc. The only downsides were no vent in the restroom, and no mini-fridge. Some of the other rooms have been updated with modern furnishing and flat panel TV’s, etc. Amenities included soap, shampoo/conditioner, lotion, coffee, tea bags (only on the first day, no more for 4 more days). Housekeeping was spotty, and they forgot to replace our amenities half of our stay.Room service is offered (costly), but many of the local restaurants deliver. Your food options are limited after 9pm as you are in the business district. There is a nice deli on the ground floor of the building that makes fresh sandwiches, salads, soups, and also sells sundry goods, but they close around 8pm or earlier. The building next door (Luxe Home, known as the “Mart Plaza Building”) has a McDonald’s, Au bon Pain, Garrett’s Popcorn, and another restaurant on the second floor, not sure of their hours. There is a literal hole-in-the-wall Chinese restaurant about 3 blocks away called “Eat, Drink”, they have virtually no place to sit, but they sell good cheap Chinese food, and they deliver too.We walked outside after dark every night and never felt unsafe. We walked as many as 7 blocks in every direction and didn’t feel uneasy at all. Most of downtown is well-lit, but I’d avoid any “dark looking” areas just to be safe. Simply put, the larger the group you have, the safer you are.In conclusion, this hotel would rent for $65/night if it was in Louisville, but because it’s in downtown Chicago, it’s about $200/night. You’re paying for a clean room, spotty housekeeping and an awesome location.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great experience.	Better view than described. Easy to get to. Great courteous service throughout hotel. Bar has excellent city views. Restaurant unusual oriental-Italian fusion theme. Ease of access to Merchandise Mart shops, food court and CTA station. Would love to stay here on my next visit to Chi'town.	
Jul 12 2009 	Chic design great location great views it's a Holiday Inn!	I spent 3 nights here on business trip. I have to say, this hotel has a really cool design and is located in the heart of everything in Chicago. It only took me 10 minutes to walk to the Sears Tower (which is now called the Willis Tower, in case you didn't know) and I would guess about 2 miles to Lake Michigan. (If you are in Chicago , do not miss the Buckingham Fountains. Quite a sight to behold with the skyscrapers in the background). It's hard to believe that it is a Holiday Inn in one of the most beautiful city in the US. The service was quite friendly from bellhop to front desk to restaurant staff. The coolest thing about this hotel is that the lobby is on the 15th floor. The CityScape Bar has magnificent views of the city and the modern design ItaliAsia restaurant whose asian/italian fusion menu I really enjoyed. I highly recommend this to anyone who will be in Chicago for business or leisure (shopping or sightseeing). Magnificent mile was within walking distance. I felt secure exploring the city and walking back to the hotel at 8pm.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great July 4th Weekend	We had the Best time in downtown Chicago The Holiday Inn has the best views and location , we watched fireworks out of our bedroom window over-looking the river what a Sight . One thing could of been better, the hotel needs to update there beds to queen size wth good mattresses .	
Jul 6 2009 	Great views - it's a Holiday Inn	The rooms were rooms, the view was fabulous and the restuarant was a hotel restuarant. It wasn't the Ritz, but it was very nice.It's in the Chicago Sun Time's Building, across from the merchandise mart. A ways away from the hustle and bustle of Chicago, but it gave us some exercise. There is a McDonalds and Duncan Donuts in the merchandise mart, if you don't want to pay big bucks for just a muffin for breakfast.The staff was great, rooms were clean and housekeeping was usually early (only one day when I returned to the room at 4pm and it wasn't clean).	
Jun 10 2009 	Couldn't have had a nicer time. Highly recommended.	We couldn't have had a nicer time at the Holiday Inn Chicago Mart Plaza. My husband, daughter, and I live in Chicago but stayed there for the weekend of our wedding anniversary just to be closer to the downtown attractions and play tourist in our own town. The staff was SO sweet and so very friendly. --As nice as any of the 4 star hotels I've stayed in. I just can't stress that enough. --Just lovely people.The rooms are nice, very clean, decently appointed but nothing too fancy. The indoor pool area was great, again very clean, lots of towels. Room service was super fast and accurate. The food in the on-site restaurant was delicious and served in a very upscale manner.It's close to everything, easy access to all sorts of transportation, beautiful views of the skyline if you're on the river side, big rooms, lots to do.I'd happily stay there again. We had a great time.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great Hotel to relax with excellent location	We stayed in HI MP during the back end of May 2009, while spending half term with my other half. Chose Chicago on the experience of a one day business trip back in 2005 and thought it would be good for a long city break. I must say we were not disappointed, it is a great city with lots to do and see and the food and people make the break a real pleasure.The hotel has a reasonable gym with good indoor pool. The bar is a great place to have a cocktail before you go out and has great views at night.We chose the hotel after reading the reviews on TR and we were not disappointed. When we arrived we were UG to a corner room over looking the river and the Hancock Tower, great view particularly at night. The room was big, like a suite, with King Bed and sofa that could pull down for a bed if required. Additional to a desk we had a table and chairs to eat our breakfast off. There is a CVS round the corner to get all that you need for the simple breakfast, if you do not want a &quot;full size&quot; from the hotel. The room had coffee making facilities and a fridge, so that was a bonus also.The hotel is located in a great place as you can walk along Wacker or stroll through the back streets to the mag mile. There are a number of good places to eat in the locality of the hotel. We ate at Lou Malnati's - 439 N. Wells, which was a great rec from TR and the Pizza was to die for, we also ate at Heaven on Seven, which again was a rec from TR, and the food was again excellent.We caught the El from ORD to Clarke and walked to the hotel, this was about 10 mins at the most. The brown line does stop at MP and you could get this from Clarke if you did not want to walk. At $23 I can recommend the 7 day CTA ticket, we used it all the time to get around on the El and on the bus up to Lincoln Park.I could go on and on, but hey you have to find something out for yourself!!!Use the site, people are really helpful and give really good advice.Enjoy Chicago, it is a great City and if you are not sure where to stay go to the Holiday Inn at MP, the staff will welcome you and you will have a good time and it is really quiet.	
May 26 2009 	Great Hotel for Business or Leisure!	This hotel was lovely! We stayed for three nights on the 23rd floor in May. The weather was about 85 degrees so it was lovely to take a break from sightseeing to relax in the quiet pool in the afternoon whilst it was too hot outside! The view from our window was wonderful - got the Chicago skyline looking North with the John Hancock Centre. If you are on the other side you can see Sears Tower! The hotel bar has great skyline views too so you don't miss out if your room doesn't have them. Good access to The Loop and easy to get around from here as its only a 20 minute walk or so to Lake Michigan and Navy Pier.	
May 19 2009 	Great Hotel in Great Location	Thoroughly enjoyed staying at the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza. Our room was fine and the view of the Chicago River the best. The hotel is atop the Mart Plaza, adjacent to the Merchandise Mart and the Brown Line train stop. Easy to get to anywhere via trains and a short cab ride to anything downtown or lake front. Excellent base camp for exploring the Loop, Lakefront, Museums, Architecture Tours.	
May 8 2009 	Would Stay again in a heartBeat	I used to travel to Chicago on a regular basis. I stayed on Michigan Ave. and it was noisy all night long. This hotel has lobby on 15th floor so it is up from the hustle and bustle, river runs on side or front so there is not heavy traffic. Was close enough to Michigan ave. that could walk and was able to walk or take short cab ride to most locations downtown. Breakfeast buffet good but has gone up quite a bit. Always clean.	
Apr 27 2009 	Nice Hotel not a super busy location	I stayed at this hotel this past weekend and it was a great location for me. On previous trips I have stayed right on Michigan Avenue and that gets to be a bit crazy with all the weekend tourist! This trip I wanted to spend more time on State Street and Rush Street and this location was perfect for me. I was in walking distance of everything (including Mich Ave) or a short cab ride away. The hotel itself was under going renovations, we had a nice new updated room. The bathrrom was very big with a nice shower. The room itself was specious with two double beds and a flat screen TV. The bed was comfortable, however I would have preferred a queen as opposed to the double. You enter the building at ground level and take the elevator up to the 15th floor. The lobby, bar and restaurant are located here. Check in was very easy, the staff was very friendly and nice. The bar had a nice view of the city and the drinks were delivered very promptly. I would stay here again, but request a king or two queens.	
Apr 16 2009 	Nice view rennovation nearly complete	Holiday Inns can kind of be a crap shoot, but this one was much better than your typical Holiday Inn. My room had a nice view and was large, with a comfortable bed. Earlier reviewers found it difficult to find....but I had no problem (the lobby is on the 15th floor, but there is a doorman on the 1st floor who directs you to the elevator). The business center was closed when I was there, but they let me use a computer &amp; printer in the office.	
Apr 2 2009 	Second Stay - Renovation almost complete!	Second stay here, this time two nights, enjoying the flat screen television, cozy duvets on the beds and the four pillows to luxuriate in. The lure of Earth Hour brought us back this particular weekend. The renovation is almost complete and the lobby area looks fabulous. Unfortunately, the new restaurant was opening the day after my stay, but we enjoyed the great breakfast via room service one morning and the temporary location the next. Just as in my previous review, the restaurant staff is amazing. Everyone is so pleasant, helpful and genuinely happy to be working in their hotel. Dined in Cityscape Friday night and fell completely in love with Tony Miu's Zentini, a wicked combination of Skyy Citrus, Zen Green Tea Liqueur and lime juice, followed by an equally wicked Grand Pandaro Cheese Pasta, all while watching the beautiful night skyline along the river.Earlier in the day we had watched the Chicago Police boats going back and forth past Wolf Point and the river tour boats have already started service. Wish it had been warmer so we could have enjoyed some outdoor activity too.This trip we got to the gym and were very impressed with the equipment available. Everything was spotlessly clean to begin with and there were wipes and sprays available to clean the equipment before and after use, which gives great peace of mind. There's stacks of fresh clean towels and a convenient spot to drop the soiled towels, so everything stays invitingly clean, unlike many gyms.There is also a very nice sauna in the same area, but we hadn't thought to bring swimwear this trip, so no pool - no sauna. Next time for certain!Cityscape was a verrrry popular spot for Earth Hour so alas, we thought we'd have a better view from our room. We settled in front of the expanse of windows and watched as the lights went off in many downtown landmarks. It was gratifying to see how many people became involved in the energy saving movement, including, of course, the hotel who even doused the parking lot lighting. Once again, a completely enjoyable stay.	
Mar 29 2009 	Would have been perfect had we NOT had the WORST view in Chicago	I have stayed at this hotel three other times and each time we had a view that was absolutely unbelievable! On these other trips, we were never told that there was an additional charge for a room that faced OUTSIDE. But, this time, that was the case. So, we were in room 1855, which looked out at a WALL. It didn't seem like the hotel was very full so I don't understand putting guests in rooms with awful views - the staff should be showcasing the marvelous views, which are an important feature of the hotel.The room was ample and the bedding was nice. Housekeeping did a fantastic job and when we returned in the evening, the room looked as good as the first day we moved in. But - one day housekeeping didn't come at all. When I mentioned this to the manager, he was indifferent. The front desk staff is a little unfriendly and robotic as compared to other hotels in which I have stayed.All in all, had we not had to look at a wall, I would have been much happier about our stay.	
Mar 24 2009 	It did the job	I should note that the date of the reservation and subsequent stay was in December, so some of the details may be a bit blurry, but much of the memory is still there.We arrived a bit before checkin, but the early check in was not a problem for the desk clerk. She quickly found the reservation and sent us up to our room, which was on the 22nd floor as I recall. When I called in the reservation, I remember talking with an operator who tried to talk me out of getting the room with a view; she said that just about all of the rooms have a wonderful view and that it probably wouldn't be necessary to pay extra for that feature. Somehow, though, I read &quot;room with a view&quot; to be &quot;corner room&quot;. Needless to say, I was sorely disappointed it was not. Don't get me wrong, the view was still great (see the photo with this review), but I don't think it was anything for which I needed to pay extra. The room was clean and seemed a bit roomier than most hotel rooms in which I am accustomed to staying. Housekeeping did a great job every day. Everything looked great. It is a standard hotel room; I mean it's clean, had a great view, and you're in Chicago, so how much time will you actually be spending in your room?Pool seemed a bit cool, as others have noted. It also was a bit too crowded for my liking, so I didn't get to enjoy it too much. Again, as others noted, the food prices looked quite a bit too high to justify eating in the hotel, but again, you're going to be in Chicago. Get outside of the hotel. Do go to the bar at least once during your stay; the view is absolutely magnificent. I could justify drink prices that were a bit higher for that view--right at the fork of the Chicago River.The open air courtyard was nice. It was relaxing and the open feel was nice to see when leaving the room. I was quite tempted to get some of those little plastic soldiers with parachutes and drop a bunch of them to see them fall down to the courtyard, but thankfully, was talked out of it.The hotel is accessible via enclosed walkways all the way from the brown line station (Merchandise Mart). Some previous reviews I read noted that the walkway wasn't open on the weekends. I didn't find that to be the case, but it seemed as though there was a special event going on that weekend, so I'm not sure if that was a fluke or a new rule.Finally, I gave 5/5 for value. Since the stay I'm reviewing in Dec. 2008, it appears as though the hotel has raised it rates and substantially. If I'd paid the current amount for the room, I'd probably give it a 4/5 for value. The location is right near the heart of Chicago, yet far enough away that you're not awakened by sirens and/or traffic and/or trains. You'd be hard pressed to find a better location in Chicago.	
Mar 20 2009 	Very Good Stay	We were very happy with our stay. There are significant renovations going on, but they appear to be nearing completion and they were limited to the lobby area and did not interfere with our stay in any way. The location is awesome, linked to Merchandise Mart (by an enclosed bridge) where there is a stop on the brown line subway. Lots of restaurant options within walking distance or by train. We did not swim in the pool but it was very pretty. The view from the room was very nice with city lights. However, we stayed on the west side of the buliding facing away from the lake and city, and I think the view would be even better from the east side. The truly amazing thing about this place is the value. The public rate on the room was pretty reasonable for being in the city. The amazing thing is the AAA discount which was over 40%. I am already a AAA member, but even if I was not, I would have saved over $100 on our three night stay even after incurring the cost of joining AAA. The only negative thing I can say is that the room was decorated a bit on the plain side, but it was spotless and perfectly acceptable. There is parking, but it was expensive as it is with most hotels in the city.	
Mar 2 2009	They could have told me this place was under total renovation.	I booked my stay here over the phone. I had stayed here before, and it was great. Not this time, though. The lobby is in shambles. The ceiling is gone, wires hanging down, the fumes of fresh paint, &quot;Beware of dust&quot; signs plastered all over the lobby. Horrible stuff. I got to the front counter, and asked what the deal was, and accomplished nothing. I just kept finding myself asking why it was not possible to tell me that they were undergoing absolute and complete renovation over the phone while I was booking my stay. The room was no better. Green paint, a 1976ish theme, and just a general plainness. I also couldn't get any internet, which is a huge problem for me. The only redeeming quality was a fairly good view of chicago, and a canal just below my window.	
Feb 27 2009 	Still under renovation traffic noise not what I hoped for.	Based on its amazing views of the river and downtown, I selected the Holiday Inn for a four night business trip. The first night's rate was very reasonable, but nights #2-4 were nearly double. Other comments about the difficulty in finding the hotel are well founded; the signage is inadequate. Exiting the elevator on the 15th floor, where the hotel begins, one is met with NO signs or personnel, just some construction work in progress. Turning the corner, though, and you can find your own way to the reception. At that point you realise that the HI signature dining room beneath the atrium is not there, or at least it isn't finished, so meals are served in two other locations. The bar overlooking the city is very pleasant, though you should check carefully what you order, and not assume you'll be given a promotion/cut-price drink unless you explicitly ask for it. The rooms are adequate in terms of amenities, and the exercise room/indoor pool really quite nice. But the major drawbacks are - apart from the dining issues - the constant rumble/occasional roar from the trains etc. below the hotel, and the workers who began their hammering at 6:50 am. To make the most of its location, the hotel needs a signifcant upgrade on its double/triple glazing, and either it should close while construction is underway, or it should warn the guests and require its building workers to hold off until, say, 8 am. Personally, I was disappointed, and I checked out by 8:30 am, finding another Chicago hotel for the same price that was drastically better on every level except the absence of a pool. By the way, don't use the internet facility in the rooms - they have obsolete software, and many major sites (including, ironically, orbitz.com) can't be accessed. When I complained about this, I was refunded the cost, but other than that there was only a half-hearted apology from the front desk. I expect they're weary about the current situation too, but when you have the choices Chicago can offer, this is a recipe for customer disenchantment and longterm disaffection.	
Feb 4 2009 	It'll be great when the reno is done	The Holiday Inn has a great location (on the north side of the Chicago River, steps from the Loop) but it is confusing to access on foot from the west. Renovations were going on in the lobby, presumably to modernize it (i.e. remove the dark repeating floral patterns). I expect that they'll be doing the same to the guest rooms, which look dated. However, the views are outstanding, at least from the 21st floor. The room was fine, but the bed could have been a bit more comfortable. Also, the bathroom vanity is triangle shaped and faces a corner with two mirrors. You can see yourself fine in them together, but what you think is your left hand is really your right, making for a fun time shaving! It's a small thing, but those are what get you.There is a skybridge from the hotel/office building to the Merchandise Mart and the el station, so you don't have to walk far outside if you don't want to. After checking out and leaving the hotel, I realized I had left my suit jacket in the room. Housekeeping was nice enough to hold on to it for me until I could return to get it.Overall, it was a good stay. This hotel will be near perfect once the renovations are complete.	
Jan 20 2009 	Good location. Okay Hotel	Nice clean rooms. COLD pool. There is NO WAY this was a heated pool. Weren't able to utilize it and this was one reason for wanting to stay here.Hotel was near public transit, which made it convenient to get around.Staff was friendly.Restaurant had good food. No free continental breakfast served though.	
Jan 18 2009 	It was your typical holiday inn - just fine	We ran a conference here in November and stayed 2 nights. I got upgraded to a corner suite which was great to start off with, then you find out in the corner suites on that side of the building the rooms don't reach the free internet signal. Bedroom: Large corner suite, good layout. Ok bed, not the Westin or anything.Bathroom: just okWe did our event in the Wolf Point ballroom, which was gorgeous with full windows on 2 sides. Typical Holiday Inn banquet food, however great banquet service which exceeded my expectations.Restaurant: just okLocation: Could've been better it was a long 30 minute walk to get across to the bridge to anything decent. Great view though!Conceirge: WOW - he was excellent - wonderful maps &amp; service. I believe his name was Ron.There are other options closer to nightlife and more things to do. It was ok for one night, but on the 2nd night I wish we were closer to restaurants etc.	
Jan 5 2009 	A great place to stay and I rate difficultly!	Ok, I went to priceline, entered where I wanted to stay and crossed my fingers. Found the hotel that accepted my rate, and again, crossed my fingers. Read some reviews on the hotel and was a little concerned, everyone complaining about using two elevators, and how terrible the people who worked there were. I was apprehensive from the start, ready for the worst, but when I arrived, the bellman gave simple directions (there were 6 of us, to include a 13 y/o 8 y/o and 3 y/o..) to get up to the hotel. Walk in the revolving door, by the escalator and take the elevator. WOW.. And people had compained about THAT? Ok, I figured it had to get much worse. Upstairs, at check in where the &quot;rude obnoxious&quot; desk people were according to another review, stood these two women who were MORE than happy to help us, and even went the extra mile to find us adjoining rooms, on the same floor as the pool deck.Ok, we went to the rooms, yes did take another elevator, but we made it with no effort (remember 3 kids!). Got to the room and expected the huge CSI crime scene another reviewer posted about, and the rooms were immaculate. I opened the curtain expecting a view commensurate with what I had paid, and POOF, there was the Chicago Skyline. Hancock Building one way, and Sears tower another, along with the river right below us. Yes, the restaraunt is over priced, but 3 blocks away is a fast food restaraunt. We used room service for desert only and had no problems with the delivery or service.The pool was a little chilly, but I believe it to be because the pool deck was kept at 80 degrees. The water was great once you were in it. Fitness room with a sauna was superb. If you want a complaint from me, it will only be that next time I use priceline, Sadly I am afraid that my experience won't be this great.	
Dec 5 2008 	They gave my room away!	I was very impressed with the reservationist and had also received a nice email response when I inquired about the location. However, when I arrived at midnight after a grueling delayed flight, I was told they were overbooked. Apparently other guests decided to extend their stay, so they gave my room away. The hotel did rebook me and paid for the other hotel, but as a business traveler...that didn't help me personally since my client pays the bill. I was the one inconvenienced. I had to stay a mile away, and had to fight for a taxi to come back to my meeting in the mart early the next morning. This cost me much needed sleep. I would have appreciated an email or phone call telling me about the problem so I could have planned accordingly.	
Nov 27 2008	Holiday Inn works in a pinch	We used Priority Club points for this three night stay. As a Priority Club member you can get $5.00 off the current parking rate (either self parking or valet). The rate was $23.00 with the discount which is excellent for self-parking in this area.The hotel itself is fine, although I would MUCH prefer two queen beds instead of two doubles, but we didn't have a problem sleeping. Pros -- during work hours you have inside access to the CTA brown and purple lines. Otherwise, you do have to go outside for a block or so to reach the CTA stop. Nice pool, but alas no hot tub!Cons -- we were there over Thanksgiving and it is a pretty chilly walk to the shopping areas. It would be great in summer weather, not a bad stroll at all. The rooms all have a pretty decent view. Our daughter who lives in Chicago, said we faced Oprah's apartment building, we were on the lookout but she didn't use her terrace... haha.Would I stay there again? Probably, if the price is right, but if I had other similar options I would try those. The hotel is nothing special, the CityScape bar on the 15th floor is a nice small bar with a great view. If you would like to sit somewhere in the city for a view I would highly recommend it. I think they have free appetizers on &quot;Hump&quot; day so Wednesdays would be a fine place to hang for a couple of hours!I did ask about rollaway beds because of the double bed situation, but the extra charge was $20 which I thought was unnecessarily high.It is an adequate hotel in a great city..........	
Nov 9 2008 	Average hotel with great location	Pros - As other reviewers have mentioned the hotel is situated at the heart of downtown chicago .Few minutes from most of the popular attractions.There is a taxi stand just outside the hotel,which adds to the benefit. The rooms are mediocre.Cons - Expensive Food , Rude Staff.	
Oct 28 2008 	Loved the Chicago Mart Plaza	Just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel with 5 of my friends.We had very nice rooms, excellent service from everyone at the hotel. The concierge was very helpful with the planning of our vacation. The only complaint we had was that too much food was served with our meals. It seemed like a waste but I guess a lot of people would think lots of food was a really good thing. Food served in the restaurant was delicious and the wait staff very good also. The City Scape Bar is an excellent place just to relax at the end of the day and overlook the city lights.Overall experience was excellent and would highly recomend to any age group.	
Oct 26 2008 	Great hotel.	First impression is that the hotel is a bit strange - you have to go up to the 15th floor in order to get to the reception. The room was great and we had a great view of the river. We ordered room service one night and had a great meal. The bar on the main level had some great views of Chicago.	
Oct 20 2008 	Good locationgreat views of the city and the river	It is a super location next to the mart and convienent to good places to eat. It is a bit strange to enter on the main level and then must travel to the front desk on a upper floor. It is your basic city hotel but it offers beautiful scenery from the rooms.	
Oct 14 2008 	Should be a 5 star Hotel!	I cannot believe this is only a 3 star hotel! The building is absolutely beautiful and is connected to the Merchandise Mart - which has a food court and connects to the subway. The lobby of the hotel is comfortable and warm - and if you don't want to stray far there is also a restaurant. Also, the view from the hotel is amazing and you can see the Chicago river and overlook downtown. We stayed in a room with 2 double beds and the room was more spacious than any other Holiday Inn I have stayed at. The bathroom was also clean and was an appropriate size. The staff was very friendly and were quick to help us - they knew the city very well and provided us with maps and directions. They also called one of our tours to double check we knew the location of where it began. I liked the staff of the hotel and I felt that I was in a safe location.The downside is that the restaurant does not cater to vegetarians, or there is no safe in the hotel room.	
Oct 13 2008 	Great location above average hotel mediocre service	I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. The view was excellent (if you get a view of the river). The hotel itself was above average, clean, and had a nice bar with a great view. Great downtown location. The staff could be rude, though- we had problems with the concierge (who didn't seem to want to be bothered), and room service (who told us &quot;they were too busy&quot; to bring some things up to our room, and we &quot;could come down and get it ourselves&quot;).	
Oct 7 2008 	Good Service and Great Views in the Heart of Chicago	Located at Chicago's Merchandise Mart in the heart of the Magnificent Mile, this Holiday Inn is perched atop the Chicago Sun Times building and the underground shopping mall known as the Merchandise Mart. Easily accessible from both Midway (about 8 stops on the CTA) and O'Hare (about an hour by CTA). Trains on the Loop stop at the Merchandise Mart, which is virtually at the hotel's doorstep. Better signs in the Mart would help guests find the hotel after exiting the CTA train.Rooms are small but comfortably appointed. Free Internet was great. Many rooms feature fabulous views of Chicago's lively canyon of art deco buildings and newer skyscrapers. The hotel's bar is an all-glass venue overlooking the river with the city's dazzling lights spread out before you. The spacious atrium hosts the hotel's &quot;Regions&quot; restaurant that features a nice variety of entrees, sandwiches, and salads.The hotel's location could hardly be better. An easy walk to Wacker Drive, State Street, Dearborn and Michigan Avenues. The River Walk is just yards from the hotel.A concierge desk sits in the lobby but is not always staffed. The front desk is very friendly, knowledgeable and helpful but somewhat understaffed. I had to wait in long lines to get information I needed.The only complaint I have about the room is that the walls are a little thin. I could hear an annoying cellphone conversation in the neighboring room.All things considered, this is a good Holiday Inn convenient to shopping, restaurants and a CVS drugstore.	
Sep 28 2008 	Loved It	We booked this on priceline for our trip back for a Cubs and Bears game. We really liked this hotel and feel like we got a good deal on priceline. Loved that there was a Dunkin Donuts and other fast food choices right in the merch mart. Great for access to the Brown Line. It was clean, comfortable, nice staff, great lobby and bar with a great view! Liked that the parking lot was close and and accesable. We would be happy to stay here again.	
Sep 14 2008	Convenient for downtown	Very convenient hotel for touring Chicago. Comfortable and efficient accommodation, although restaurants in the hotel itself too pricey for us! Sits atop the Chicago Sun-Times building and a five minute walk via second level walkway through Merchandise Mart (massive office complex with lots of shops + eating outlets) to the CTA station for easy access to the 'El' (elevated railway). Alternatively downtown shops etc 15 minute walk. Far cleaner and safer feel to this city than we had expected. 1,2, 3 or 5-day 'Visitor Pass' for all public transport recommended.	
Sep 4 2008 	A good bargain with killer views	I was most impressed with this hotel. The location was downtown but not in the most touristy, hustle and bustle part, which suited me and my husband just fine. This hotel is connected to Merchandise Mart, a design and shopping center of high end home furniture and design products. The hotel is right on the Chicago River with the Chicago Sun Times and Illinois Institute of Technology Art campus. A CTA transit station was very close by, and the Magnificent Mile and other attractions were within walking distance.The views of the Chicago River were outstanding! My husband and I got a room on the very top floor facing the river, which was as much of an attraction as anything else. We saw party boats, kayakers, and other vessels sail by. The room was a little older but clean and well-kept. The bed was reasonably comfortable, and it was relatively quiet. The hotel informed us that renovations would be taking place starting January. This is good, but I imagine that prices will go up. We received a pretty good deal on the hotel website, especially considering it was Labor Day weekend in Chicago.The hotel bar was very nice with amazing views as well. Good drinks, good food, good service, and good view.	
Aug 20 2008 	Nice view of Chicago	A nice and very central hotel. We had rooms on the 21th floor which gave us a really nice view of the Chicago river. The staff is friendly and helpful. Good beds to sleep in. However, the maids forgot to change toilet paper. On the third day we ran out of toilet paper and it was not fixed.	
Aug 9 2008 	Good location	My husband and I were doing a driving trip that started in NJ and landed us in Chicago for 3 days. We booked this hotel through hotwire for $164/night. Because it was hotwire, we couldn't count on getting a queen or king bed and in fact we had 2 doubles. The beds were nice and comfortable.The location is above the Chicago Sun Times offices so you have to take an elevator up to the 15th floor to check in. After that you take another elevator across the lobby to your floor. Our room overlooked the indoor pool and was a nice enough set up. One problem in the room was the air conditioner. It violently shut itself on and off so that it actually startled us a little each time! To be fair, we did not complain about it so the hotel didn't have a chance to correct it but it made sleeping a little tough.I like hotels with gyms and this one was pretty good for a hotel gym. It had nice cardio equipment and some weights. My husband used the pool and it had so much cholorine that it burned his eyes - and he is usually not sensitive to that.The hotel itself is in a great location and there are some really good restaurants within walking distance. If you like Thai, go to Star of Siam, which is recommended on the hotel site. It's about 8 blocks from the hotel, delicious, and well priced.We also ate at the Chop House (also within walking distance). A well known spot in Chicago, it's a bit pricey but it's a fancy restaurant with amazing food (get the sweet potato with cinnamon butter - it's beyond delicious).We loved the aquarium (we walked to it and then ran along the lake but it's a bit far if you are just looking to visit). It has beluga whales and some interesting exhibits.I would stay here again.	
Aug 3 2008	Would return to this great location	We met some friends here for a long weekend. Top floor view of the river facing south, worth the extra $10 as we enjoyed cocktails in our room with the view.The brown line eL stop is less than a 5 minute walk through the merchandise mart. The mart has several place to eat, some sit down, some fast food (dunkin donut).Staff very helpful.	
Jul 30 2008 	Very nice stay	My mom and I just got home for a three-day girls getaway in Chicago. I booked the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza hotel via Priceline for $120/night + tax, which was a great deal for the location and timeframe. I was pleasantly surprised - the location was great. It was about mile from Union Station as well as the Magnificent Mile. We walked everywhere from our hotel, but it's close to the El as well. Thought the rooms were fairly average, but clean. We also had a great experience at check-in. We arrived around 1 and were quickly checked into our room even though check-in wasn't until 3. The hotel clerk was quite courteous. I had read some reviews where clerks had been somewhat rude to customers booking through priceline. I definitely did not have that experience.Also the hotel bar was great - located on the corner of the building overlooking the Chicago River. It had a wonderful view and the drinks were extremely reasonably priced.All in all - had a great visit and would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jul 10 2008 	Great hotel great price good location	Booked both hotel and airline via hotel website. Got great price for two people. (Rooms are not guaranteed: ie smoking, double beds, etc.) We were lucky and received a non-smoking with double beds. The location of the hotel is very convenient, walkable to the Loop and Mag Mile. The El - Brown and Purple Line is a block away and can be reached by going through Merchandise Mall. Some of the rooms had great views for the city, unfortunately, we did not, which was ok because we could venture outside to the see the real thing very quickly. Don't pay heavy prices for the breakfast in the hotel. Venture out into the mall and try the food shops in the court or Au Bon Pain outside, which has outside seating that will allow you a nice view of the Chicago architecture and river.	
Jul 1 2008 	good hotel + superb location	We stayed there for 3 nights end of JUN with my family.The property is conveniently located .The room was , confortable clean and nice. Property has a beautiful indor pool and an excercise room available until late in the evening .breakfast area and bar within the hotel are offering good choice of meals/drinkHotel is connected with mart plaza and with EL metro lines using internal passageway.A good place to stay	
Jun 28 2008 	Uncomfortable Beds	The beds at this hotel are some of the worst that I can remember. I unfortunately was attending a two-day conference and had already prepaid for the rooms - a sofa would have been more comfortable. The beds also had three small pillows that were the size of a &quot;throw pillow&quot; - it was very awkward. Overall the hotel rooms, hallways, and lobby were very dated and in need of a make over. There are some good points to this hotel. There is free WIFI, location is okay but will probably need a cab to get to most places, nice bar with sweeping views of the city and river - some rooms also have this view. Also, the staff was very friendly and concierge &quot;Robert&quot; was helpful with restaurant recommendations and can get you last minute tickets to shows or the Cubs.If you can afford it, stay next time at a hotel that is closer to Miracle Mile, the Pier, or Millennium Park. By staying at this hotel you'll end up spending money on cab rides and have a bed made of rock awaiting you when you get back from your night out on the town.	
Jun 6 2008 	Good location but an average hotel experience..	Location: Ideal location in Chicago, easy to commute to most main attractions and shops.Staff: Everyone we spoke to was very helpful. The lady who checked us in was quite miserable, but nevertheless they all seemed ok.Hotel: The hotel itself was OK. The hotel is sat on the top of a tower block starting at the 15th floor. When you arrive at the foot of the tower it is not straight forward on how you actually get to the hotel, we managed to find out by asking a gentleman, who had a similar experience. The room itself was very spacious but at the same time very average. We had problems with reliable hot water in the bathroom, most of the time the water was warm but not hot. We had a fairly decent nights sleep, although in the early hours I am sure I could hear what sounded like a washing machine going, which was quite loud. Although being high up is a good thing as you get no traffic noise. Another thing worth mentioning is the tremendous view of the surrounding city, from your room this is a visually stunning experience.Main features in the hotel are the beautiful swimming pool on the 16th floor along with the impressive fitness center. Also the lobby area and dining is visually impressive, the bar in particular offering great views looked very good. As with most Holiday Inn's the price to eat in their diner is a joke, you are looking at 30 dollars minimum or so per person for a standard meal which you can get down the road for half the price.Overall: If you want an OK hotel in a good Chicago location then this may be a good move, however for the $180 a night rate I am sure if you looked around you could do better. Everything about the general hotel is good, however the room itself is the weakest point.	
May 19 2008 	Average hotel...pleasant but nothing special	Hotel was clean and comfortable. Could use a bit of modernization. Staff was acceptable but did not go out of their way. Concierge had a hard time recommending a place for dinner. Free wifi was nice, but parking was expensive ($28), though comparable for this part of Chicago. Location was fatastic. The hotel bar has one of the most spectacular views I have seen of Chicago.	
May 16 2008 	could do better	this hotel is well situated near to the Sears Tower and other places of interest. The room whilst adequate, was not serviced regularly ie our empty wine glasses not removed for 2 days. The conceirge and bell boys were friendly and helpful, the desk staff not so, they seemed to resent a Hotwire booking and when we requested to move rooms we were told that the hotel was 100% full for the whole of our stay. Chicago is a wonderful, allbeit very windy, city with lots of fabulous buildings, museums etc. Would definitely visit again but as to staying at the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza I'm not too sure.	
May 11 2008 	Good Rooms with Great Views	Stayed for 2 nights on the first leg of a stay in the US from the UK. Arrived early afternoon to find the allocated room was not yet ready. A quick recognition of my Platinum Status opened up quickly a Riverview room (which I haD paid for). Platinum Status also recognised with some nice extra's. The room 2101 was a spectacular corner room with views of the city and river. Clean, fresh and plenty of natural light during the day. Only minor niggle was the door on the TV cabinet would not stay open.Free high speed internet in the room was of a good speed. Location is excellent - short walk to the Brown line with most of the main attractions within walking distance.	
Apr 13 2008 	They don't like Priceline Customers - even a $175 bid a night cutomer	When we checked in, we were told since we booked through Priceline we would not be able to guarantee what we asked for. At first all they said were smoking rooms. After we explained we had a rough morning where we had something ripped off from us on the train, she seemed more sympathetic and gave us room 2316. The joke was on us. It was an incredibly small room, double bed, and the decor from 1950's and not updated since. It was so upsetting. Especially since we over bid on priceline for $175 for this hotel and still getting treated like this. After a few hours, my husband went to talk to a gentleman at the front desk and asked if there were any king bed non smoking openings. Thankfully there were. We got 1808 - still gret view of teh river and sooo much more room and nicer decor. It saved the trip.I was surprised by being treated like 3rd class citizens here since we booked on Priceline. I had recently stayed at a Marriott in San Diego and booked that via Priceline and had the most fantiastic service ever from a hotel.We did get room service breakfast, which was okay. They forgot salt and pepper and I wanted tobassco for my eggs. Went I went down to the restaurant to ask for some, I was not greated with the warmest &quot;what can we do for you&quot; I had to barter for more salt. I guess it's had to come by in Chicago.We've been to Chicago many times via Priceline, but this was the worst experience yet for service and room. I would not stay here again due to service. Maybe if you book directly with the hotel you would get better service than an online disount place.	
Apr 9 2008	Beautiful view	I got a great deal but I booked directly with property 7 months prior to stay. Our room was nice enough and had a GREAT view! It was wonderful. Bathroom had peeling and stained wallpaper. It's about time for an update. Suprising that the bar, which serves food, allowed kids at 2:00 p.m. but at 4:00 p.m. when we tried to enter, we got turned away for having a 5-year old with us. That was disappointing since it's certainly not a state law - our child goes with us to drinking establishments that serve food all the time. I didn't think self parking was that expensive or difficult. I'd go here again if the price beats elsewhere downtown.	
Mar 14 2008 	Good Location	I stayed on business at this location. Very convenient location as it was next to Merchandise Mart. I had a nice view of the river and the accommodations were nice. Rooms were big enough to make you feel like you have some space.The parking is a little steep and I did not get a chance to eat at the hotel, but otherwise a decent stay. I am a PC member and they treated me well.	
Mar 10 2008 	The price was right	We booked our room through Priceline and got a weekend rate of $62 a night. When we checked in, the woman at the front desk informed us that the hotel was sold out and the only room available was a smoking room with a king sized bed. After a little pleading, a non-smoking room miraculously opened up, but it only had a double bed. We decided that a double bed was better than a smoking room. While room 2116 had an incredible view, it smelled like smoke and there was definitely water damage that had occurred at some point. There were water stains all over the walls and ceiling and the wallpaper was pealing off. Our room was in no way sound proof. I could hear every conversation going on in the room next door, as well as all hallway conversations-which we heard all night long. The room definitely could use some updating-the decor was dated and the bed was as quite hard. It was a sizable room, but had limited furniture (double bed, night stands and a desk with a chair). There was definitely room for a chair and ottoman and/or a king bed. There was free internet, although it was a bit on the slow side. As others have said, having to take two different elevators to get to the hotel rooms is a bit inconvenient, but not horrible to deal with.I thought the location of the hotel was just fine. We took the blue line in from Ohare and then transferred to the brown line. Just one stop up and you are at the Merchandise Mart. You can walk through the Mart and get to the hotel. You can access both the brown and purple eL lines from this stop. The hotel is not far from Michigan Ave (if you don't mind the walk). We were able to get around in the city without any difficulty. Gino's East is just a few blocks north on Wells, but fine dining will require a cab ride. We didn't eat at the hotel restaurant (prices were high for what you get), but did admire the bar located on the 15th floor (lobby level). It has a lot of comfortable chairs and tables to sit at and enjoy a cocktail and the view.So, the hotel was not fantastic, but the price and location worked just great for us.	
Mar 2 2008 	Still a good bet if you get a good rate	I got another great price on Priceline. Last time I stayed here I gor a fabulous room with a fantastic view of the Chicago River and the Sears Tower. Since I've seen that view, I decided to get a quiet room away from the elevator this time. Not much of a view of the &quot;courtyard&quot; and the top of the pool. However, it was quiet, and nicely furnished. The tub could have used a re-coating though. It was peeling a bit. Still all in all, it is a nice, comfortable hotel in River North and it is easy to get arounf the city. I will stay there again.	
Feb 27 2008 	Great hotel and great location	As we have been traveling to Chicago several times now, we have tried several hotels too. This is one of the best so far. We came in by train from New York and it was only a short walk from Union Station. The hotel is on the top floors of a pretty tall building, so you have to take the elevator up a few floors to get to the lobby. The lobby looked good, and had theire own staffed information desk were you could ask all kinds of questions, get directions and tips.Check in was fast and the staff was polite. The room was spaciouse with to beds, a desk and a big tv. The bathroom was nice, big and clean. The hotel was situated within walkingdistance of all the major attractions and there was alot of restaurants near by. We especially loved Rock Bottom Sportsbar and Restaurant. Great spare ribs, great prices.This hotel is worth every penny, would stay there again in a hearbeat!	
Feb 21 2008 	Great Hotel	I booked my hotel at a great deal through orbitz from san antonio..the room had an excellent view of the river and downtown area..what i liked the best was that the brown line (cta public transportation) connects right into the merchandise mart where the hotel is located, there are also fast food eateries right in the mart..I found the hotel staff to be very friendly and always helpful..the only downside i found was the rooms, while the view was great there was no microwave, no fridge, also the area doesnt have much to offer for late night eating..you of course have the option of room service (not really cheap) until 1:30 am ..nothing really within walking distance unless you want to take a $ 5 cab ride towards the magnificent mile. I would recommend this hotel highly and would stay here again.	
Jan 29 2008 	Ideal Chicago hotel for the price	I've actually stayed at the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza twice. Once for a wedding (the reception was held in the banquette room with the spectacular view) and the other was just recently when I brought my nephew downtown for his birthday. Not many of the Chicago hotels have a pool but this one does. They have some nice breakfast choices...but room service is a bit pricey. They offer parking at a reasonable rate, but the cars are not covered as they sit in an outside parking area. There are very steep steps down to the parking area.There is a drive-up area to the front entrance. The hotel lobby itself is situated on the 15th floor so you need to take an elevator up once you enter the building. I've always seemed to find the cheapest rates on the Holiday Inn website. They provided us a room with a wonderful view of the river and Sears Tower. Its easy to get a cab. If you walk 2 blocks you can catch the el. The hotel rooms were average size. We had 2 double beds, desk , 2 chairs, tv with lots of first run and just released DVD selections for an additional fee. Video game rental for an additional fee. Electronic checkout. Bathroom was large and brightly lit. We went at Christmas time so the lobby was all decorated. Overall its a great place to stay for the price, but if you want to walk out onto Michigan Ave its a bit too west .	
Jan 7 2008 	Great View...Nice Room	I would have to agree with the last traveler! The views at this hotel are outstanding! I stayed there the first weekend in January and I have to say that my experience was good. The staff was friendly and helpful at all time. I would stay here again and plan to do so next month. If I based my decision to stay at this hotel off previous reviews I would not have done so because of some negative comments but I did not see any of this during my stay! I suggest everyone seeing for them selves!!	
Dec 30 2007 	Somewhat out of the way but still a decent downtown choice	I stayed here for three nights over the Christmas holidays and was overall pleased with this hotel, although the location is not optimal for sightseeing in downtown Chicago.Positives– I booked through Priceline, and I had heard ahead of time that this particular hotel was unfriendly to Priceline customers. That wasn’t my experience at all. The check-in clerk was very friendly and competent, asked about my room preferences (bed size and smoking/non),and gave me an excellent room that met my preferences. At check-out I had the same very helpful clerk, who seemed genuinely interested in how my stay was. There were no problems whatsoever with the bill.– I loved the room – huge (king-size bed, full-size couch, and lots of floor space to spare), and a nice view west over the Chicago River and Chicago landmarks to the west (United Center, Ogilvie station, etc). Since the rooms begin above the 15th floor, you get a nice overlook. I didn’t ask for a room with a view so I was thrilled to have been given one.– The room was kept very clean.– The water pressure and temperature in the shower were both fine.– The rate I got through Priceline was extremely reasonable ($65/night).– The Merchandise Mart el stop (Brown Line), food court, and shops are convenient. The exit from the el stop is directly into MerchandiseMart; this exit was always open during my visit and always staffed with a CTA staff member.– The hotel was very quiet. I heard no street noise or noise from other guests. I did hear noise from the Ogilvie train station just to the southwest of the hotel, but I don’t find train noise irritating, and I enjoyed watching the trains pull in and out of the station.Negatives/other factors– This hotel is not especially close to the Mag Mile or the Loop, although it’s certainly within walking distance for healthy adults. It’s not really close enough to just “pop in” during the day and drop off bags, etc. If you want to be within a block or two of Michigan Avenue or other downtown attractions, you may wish to choose another hotel. There are several good River North restaurants close to the hotel, however. (I would recommend researching nearby restaurants in advance.)– The hotel has a pedway that connects the hotel’s building with the Merchandise Mart, and when this pedway is open, you can walk directly from the hotel to the Merchandise Mart el stop without having to go outside, which was great during the early dark cold winter nights. (You also thus avoid the dark and deserted area under the Wells Street part of the el.) However, the pedway is not always open; the Sunday I stayed at the hotel, it wasn’t open at all, and the weather was brutal that day. When the pedway isn’t open, neither are the Wellsand Orleans street exits from the mart, and you need to take the stairs or elevator down one floor, exit the mart at its south entrance(about halfway between Wells and Orleans streets), and walk outside to the hotel from there (about 3/4 block total). This pedway was, however, open late on Saturday night and also late on Christmas Eve.– The hotel entrance is not necessarily that obvious (it’s on the south side of the building). You can use Google Maps’ street view to get a look at it ahead of time, which is helpful.– If you want any el other than the Brown Line, you have to transfer either downtown or further north at Fullerton.– This hotel (in my room at least) is still using the blanket/bedspread system – I much prefer the duvet system. The bed was adequate but not as comfortable as those in, say, Hiltons or Westins.– The two lamps by the bed were not as bright as I would have liked.– You have to transfer elevators to get to your room. One elevator takes you from ground level to the lobby on the 15th floor, and a second set of elevators goes to floors 15 and above. My room was on 17 so I usually took the stairs (well lit and unlocked on all levels).– I didn’t eat in the hotel at all so can’t comment on that.In summary, for the price I paid via Priceline, I was more than satisfied with this hotel. All in all, I prefer the convenience of the many hotels in the Loop and nearer the Mag Mile, but this hotel was still within a reasonable distance, and the convenience of the el stop and the pedway (when open) made it more amenable to getting around than I had expected.	
Dec 15 2007 	Reasonable Choice	Nice downtown hotel. Clean, friendly, very good buffet breakfast (for extra $15). Stayed after thanksgiving for 4 nights, $230 per night including taxes. Great view for part of the rooms (see photo attached). 1 Mile from Mag. Mile.	
Dec 4 2007 	Worst stay in Chicago	When checking in on a recent business trip to Chicago, the front desk personnel noticed that I have booked the room through a discount travel website. Then she automatically assigned me to the worst smoking room in the whole place, right next door to the entry to their exercise room, without even looking to see if there was a non-smoking room. I told her that I am not a smoker. She said, &quot;The room isn't that bad&quot;. Obviously she had not been in that room before. Then, she suggested that next time I book a room directly with them if I wanted a non-smoking room. The smell in the room was so bad that I had to go out in the middle of the first night and get a couple of deodorizer sprays. The room smelled like a filthy ashtray. Upon returning home, I had to spend nearly $100 on dry cleaning bill. It seems Holiday Inn have signed up discount travel website to just to fill their worst rooms that would not normally sell under any circumstances. What infuriates me the most is that during my stay, the place was practically empty. For a discount of mare $15 off their regular rate per night ($165 during my stay), this experience left me with disgust and anger over the management and business relationship between lodging industry and discount travel websites. Lastly but not the least, when checking out of this dump to go to the O’Hare airport, the doorman kept me waiting for a cab (special cab) nearly thirty minutes, while not calling for any other cab. When the special cab arrived, it was an off-duty cab of his buddy who splits proceeds of the fare with him. That just tops it all with my nightmare experience with this Holiday Inn.	
Nov 27 2007 	Not what we expected...	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza on Nov. 16-18. It was just a weekend get-a-way. The hotel is situated in the top ½ of the Chicago Sun Times Building so you may miss it. We had to wait for a bellman to come get our luggage. There was only 1 guy on duty it seemed, but he was doing a great job. We did see other bellmen in the hotel lobby just standing around so I’m not sure why there was only 1 bellman assisting guests when we arrived. The hotel lobby is on the 15th floor as others have stated. We had valet parking but the attendants weren’t always available so I suggest self parking which is $10 cheaper. The hotel is pretty dated so but be deceived by the pix.We booked thru Priceline. We asked for a non-smoking king with a lake-view. They were most unaccommodating. We received a non-smoking double room which faced the inner court with a view of the swimming pool and other guests’ rooms. From my experience it seems that hotels are less accommodating for people who book reservations through online discounted sources. The rooms were nice, nothing special at all. Walls are a little thin but we didn’t experience any extreme noise throughout our stay. The water pressure in the shower was very low. They have free wireless internet which worked great.The hotel is a decent walking distance from the main downtown area (MI Ave) but the weather wasn’t extremely cold. I would recommend driving or taking a cab to get around when temps are less than 40 degrees. There’s also not too much activity in that area. We happened to experience the Christmas lighting of MI Ave. There was a parade also. It was really exciting!! There’re plenty of restaurants and shopping and other things to do in Chicago. If you’re in Chicago, please stop by Garrett’s on MI Ave. Their popcorn is deee-licious but you will have to wait in line so be prepared (it is WORTH it)!If you’re looking for a great dining experience, check out the Melting Pot. But plan to be there for 3+ hours; the service is not slow – it’s just a FULL dining experience. Everything is cooked directly on your table. It was the best lunch/dinner experience I’ve had. The chocolate fondue for dessert was the best!!	
Nov 20 2007 	Average... Next door to Mechandise Mart	Its a good walk from the nearest CTA stop, which is down in The Loop.Not bad if you consider the price and you do not mind walking to places such as Michigan Avenue.I would stay here again, but I have no need to stay by the Merchandise Mart and I would prefer to be closer to Michigan Avenue. It's an average hotel.	
Nov 13 2007 	Bland and Sad	Stayed here for one night in a sad looking room, with no view. The place was clean but could use a major over haul. Having a meal in the atrium is like eating in an airport. The pool is good however as is the fitness center. The staff were friendly. The location is withing walking distance of the main attractions, but it feels to be a little bit cut off from the energy of a city center hotel. There is a good grocery story in the lobby which serves great sandwitches	
Oct 5 2007 	Adequate choice for Chicago	The Holiday Inn Chicago (Merchandise Mart) is correctly described as adequate. Stayed here for two nights as part of a quick trip to Chicago. Picked the hotel for the price above all but in some ways I guess you get what you pay for.Location: The hotels location isn't horrible; it’s just not that convenient. You’re close to River North and the Loop but not too much nightlife or shopping. It gets frustrating after the first couple days of navigating several elevators, flights of stairs, escalators and hallways just to get to a cab or train station. The hotel is good choice if you want to save some cash and don't mind walking a couple extra blocks to reach some sites. Rooms/Hotel: Clean just very plain and somewhat dated. Beds were OK and there was also the pillow menu which is standard at most Holiday Inn's now. Bathrooms were basic the lighting was too strong. Free Wi-Fi in all guest rooms. Restaurant: Didn't eat at the hotel because we thought it was way too over-priced. (Tip - Inside the merchandise mart is a food court that serves breakfast very quickly and cheaply). Check out Blueprint in the Merchandise Mart for close cocktails.	
Sep 21 2007 	worst service ever	This hotel has the worst service ever. My company booked 28 rooms at this hotel, When we tried to cancel three nights in two of the rooms they charged us a $400 cancelation fee, even though we gave them 2 months notice. I tried to explain to them that I will cancel all 28 rooms if they charge us this fee, yet they don't understand that they will lose all this money, plus the extras like our dinners in the restaurant, parking, etc. They still made us pay the cancellation charge. Apparently they don't quite understand customer service, and how it can cost a lot of money.	
Sep 3 2007 	Great location average otherwise	Holiday Inn Mart Plaza is rated as a 3-star hotel and I feel it is rated appropriately. It is located in downtown Chicago overlooking the river. The location is very nice, it is within walking distance to most of the Chicago attractions. Parking at the hotel is $27 per day. Hotel is situated on top of the Merchandise Plaza building. Lobby is on the 15th floor, hotel rooms are from 15th through 23rd floors. You have to use 2 sets of elevators to get to your room. First, from 1st to 15th floor, then use hotel elevators that will get you to your floor. We were on the 18th floor and the view was very nice. When I initially booked the room on the HOTWIRE, it doesn't specify which room it is,,, king, queen, smoking, non-smoking, etc. But the hotel was very accomodating and gave us a king non-smoking room. Staff and concierge were very corteous and knowledgeable. Room and bathroom were clean and of average size. However, it felt like the rooms need to be freshened up, maybe new decor and carpeting would do. Mattress was hard. Hotel has a nice size pool and an excercise room. Haven't tried their restaurant but the prices were on the high end. One word of advise if you are driving. The direction says to turn on N.Orleans street but you actually need to turn on Franklin street which becomes N.Orleans. Not knowing this, I kept driving a bit around the hotel and wasn't able to find an entrance. I had to call the front desk from my cell phone to get directions. Overall, if you are looking for a nice hotel in downtown Chicago where you won't need to drive and look for parking spot, Holiday Inn is a good bet. We paid $100 per night booking on Hotwire.	
Sep 1 2007 	Adequate	Booked the hotel &quot;blind-folded&quot; via Priceline at $130 per night plus taxes for 3 weeknights while on business in Chicago. Started with a standard room with no view, later changed to one with gorgeous view of the river, for $10 extra per night. Very much worth it.Beds are nothing special and the covers are the old kind. Although Holiday Inn prides itself on its pillow menu, I found them all to be very hard. Rooms were in average working order; had problems with the drain plugs in both rooms and had to rip them out of the sink to make it drain. First room wasn't cleaned properly; found a luggage tag right next to the desk, but didn't have a single bar of soap. Quick response from housekeeping though after I called.Front-desk staff was always helpful, and room service was on time and as expected. Large portions (breakfast at least). Wifi works well and is complimentary. Finally a downtown hotel that doesn't charge for this everyday amenity. Pool was very nice; large and deep. Just too bad parents can't control their kids these days and believe that 100 db screaming is &quot;cute.&quot; I didn't try the exercise room, but it looked modern, spacious and well-equipped.Not the hotel's fault, but I had severe cell phone problems in both the rooms I was in: T-Mobile signal kept coming and going. Was mostly a problem on the southward facing side. Odd.Overall, I would return here if I was in a crunch or just on vacation. For business, I would prefer the Wyndham. :-)	
Aug 29 2007 	Great View	We stayed Aug. 16-Aug. 19. We flew in to Chicago to celebrate my birthday at my mom's favorite restaurant and catch a game at Wrigley field. Location was perfect. We were only there two and a half days but saw everything. Sears Tower, John Hancock, Michigan Ave, The Navy Pier (ate at Bubba Gump's), watched the Cubs beat the Cards in the rain, took a water taxi down the river and a horse drawn carriage at night. The Hotel has spectacular views. We did not request specific rooms, as we did not plan to be in the hotel much but had a perfect view of Sears Tower. The atrium lobby was nice to sit and have a cocktail before going to bed. Darryl at the bar was awesome. We had dinner at the restaurant the last night and the food was good and reasonably priced. The hotel was clean and the service was great. Don't let the elevators intimidate you, they were no problem. It was a nice stay and without a doubt will always stay at this hotel. If you like fondue, the best fondue around is at Geha’s Café in Chicago. It was worth the trip alone.	
Aug 20 2007 	Different. But I liked it.	Not your traditional hotel. Hotel is on floors 15 to 22 of the Chicago-Sun Times building. Do a Google Images search on &quot;Chicago Sun Time Building&quot;. Find the picture that says &quot;Chicago Sun Times&quot; on the side and &quot;Holiday Inn&quot; on the rooftop. The hotel lobby is on floor 15. You can see the larger windows on the 15 floor. To get to the Chicago CTA, you have to walk thru the shopping mall part of the Merchandise Mart. The Merchandise Mart mall also has some fast food places, but some are closed on weekends. Furnishings showed some signs of age but they were clean and adequate. City views (if you get a city view room) are spectacular. Good pool, reliable internet connection, good exercise room. I'd stay there again.	
Aug 15 2007 	Not the greatest but not bad either.	My husband booked this hotel at the last minute because it had a pool and complimentary breakfast. We orginally were booked at the Hyatt Regancy.The worst thing about this hotel is that is it 15 floors up and to get from the parking gargage (down a long hallway) to the elevator and then to another elevator to get to your rooms takes about 15 minutes.The rooms were okay. Nothing great about them. The room was clean. The shower water pressure was awesome! The beds were hard. They do have a pillow menu where you can pick the &quot;type&quot; of pillow you would like. We had a nice view of the city. We walked everywhere. It was a long walk w/ 2 children and a stroller but we all survived. We walked to Michigan Ave, Navy Pier and Millenium Park. I think next time we will pick a hotel a little more centrally located. We had free breakfast because it was included in military discount. It was okay. Never would I have paid $15 a person for it!!!! Our bill before the coupons taken off was $59.32 for 2 adults and 2 children. Basic foods: eggs, hashbrowns, bacon, sausage, fruit and bagels.	
Jul 29 2007 	disappointing	I have had very good experiences with Holiday Inns, however this one was a disappointment. My university called ahead of time to pay for the room and confirmed this, but when I got there they had no record of it and were not particularly interested in solving it. Much of the building smelled like roach spray, and when I asked the bell staff for directions one night I got an irritated list of a string of streets that did not help at all. The concierge the following evening was much more helpful.The rooms were clean and the restaurant passable, but I was not overly impressed.	
Jul 27 2007 	Great location	We got a great deal from Priceline and the hotel was more than we expected. It was a family trip to Chicago, because my niece Tori wanted to the American Girl Store. The location is perfect downtown, right next to Merchandise Mart, but not so busy. It is a cheap cab ride to Michigan Drive, (I suggest you take a cab) or a close drive to everything if you drove.The hotel is in the upper half of the Chicago Sun-Times Building and the hotel staff is the best. For example, the car battery on our Honda Odessey went out, so the parking valet got his jump box and gave us jump! I know he was supposed to do it but he did anyway!	
Jul 27 2007 	This hotel needs someone to give them the BUSINESS!	I was in town for some business meetings and this hotel offered a rate for the company I was visiting but was still $180 per night.The good: The rooms were clean but still have old fashioned bedspreads. HINT: Get mattress covers and duvets like Hampton!They have a &quot;pillow menu&quot; to get the pillows of your choice delivered. That is a nice touch.This hotel is easily accessed from the trains in Chicago. From MDW, take the orange line to a brown line and get off at Merchandise Mart. It is a short walk through the skyway/pedway to the hotel.The views are very nice. I had a corner (#1745) and had a panoramic view.Now for the bad:I travel frequently for business. The wireless was unavailable to several of our group members. They offered a &quot;box&quot; that picked up the wireless signal and connected like a LAN. Still nothing. Their help line suggested I turn off my virus software. Our company does not allow that and it does not impede my ability to use wireless networks at any other hotel. To check in for my flight, I used the business center. I had to pay $6.47 for the 6 minutes I used the internet. This is a bad feature for a hotel trying to attract business travelers. Nearly every hotel offers this for free now.My colleagues room was 1645 and the smoke smell on that floor and in her room was awful. If it was me, I would have asked to be moved.I think you can do alot better for business travel in Chicago with the other hotels in the vicinity. A few extra bucks is worth being able to connect and use a business center.I would NOT stay here again for that reason alone.	
Jul 26 2007	Hated the Holiday Inn-Mart Plaza!	I came back from a trip to Chicago, IL. We stayed at the Holiday Inn-Mart Plaza. I will never ever stay there again! The room had an odor and the vents had not been dusted!! The cleaning personnel stored all the cups and glasses in the same area/room with the soiled and wet towels. When we passed by to go to the lobby to eat, we were taken aback! We didn't use their cups and glasses; we purchased cups at Walgreens. My sister requested a roller-away-bed ($20.00 per night), but she asked that they take it back, because it had a musty ordor. The breakfast buffet was $15.00 per person, that is way too much! I paid over $6000.00 dollars to stay (2 days), but never ever again! You have to pay to use the computer and the printer. The location is great and the lobby is beautiful, but when you go to your room, you're in shock. I wish I had a photo of the room. I believe if you're paying over $600.00 dollars, you should get something free. I could have stayed at another hotel paying the same price. Please learn from my error! Overall, the hotel should tear down and rebuild! I give this hotel one star. Please do not make reservations at this hotel!!	
Jul 6 2007 	Well...it's a Holiday Inn	On this very busy weekend, during which graduation ceremonies were being held at the U of C, hotels in the downtown area were going for at least $250 a night, including the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza. We booked through Priceline about a week prior and were ok with the $147 per night rate. With Chicago's steep tax rate, we ended up paying $166 per night. Not cheap, but at least it we didn't pay full price. We were originally booked at the Club Quarters but decided we might need more space since we travel with a toddler. Both hotels cost the same and, in the end, we traded location for square footage. The Holiday Inn Mart Plaza is located on the northern bank of the river, just before it splits. Although downtown Chicago is very walkable, it seemed most sights and restaurants were right near Michigan and Wacker. So, any sightseeing trip started with either a 15-20 minute walk or a $6 cab ride. If we were to visit Chicago again, we'd probably give the Club Quarters a try.The hotel is housed in the upper 8 floors of the Chicago Sun-Times building and is connected to the Merchandise Mart via a walkway. Although the website and the hotel's tv channel claim that all rooms have a view of the river, they do not. We had a view of the indoor pool. The special Priceline rate did not include breakfast.The hotel staff was always helpful and informative. We arrived at the hotel at 1 p.m. and a gentleman by the name of Angel was nice enough to check us in then instead of 3pm. He also recommended some sites. In the evening, when our toddler wanted milk but all stores were closed, the restaurant staff generously poured us a glass of milk to take to our room at no charge. When you travel with a two-year old, small details like these make all the difference. Just FYI: stores in Chicago close early.The room was clean, although, it needed some updating. Most notably, the hotel has not switched to duvets. They are still using bedspreads which are, well, usually very dirty as they are not changed after each guest. The Holiday Inn Mart Plaza is about a 10 minute walk from the Brown El Line (through the Merchandise Mart) which will take you into the Loop and all other El connections. Wrigley Field and the University of Chicago were each about a 25 minute ride on the El (Wrigley is north and the U of C is south). Nothing else is in very close proximity to the hotel. Everything is about a 20-30 minute walk. Bottom line: The price was good but the location was not great. I would stay a little further east (closer to Lake Michigan) next time.	
Jun 22 2007 	Wonderful Service Decent Rooms	Booked the rooms from holiday Inn website, we called to see if we could check-in early and they let us check in at 1:30PM instead of 3PM. Also you can request a room with a view.We booked two rooms at $165 each for 2 nights. Parking is $27 per 24 hours with in and out privilege. I have paid more for hotels downtown without much amenities. The free-wifi was nice. Everything is just a little walk away, make sure you get a map from the concierge at the lobby. They were really helpful. The hotel lobby is pretty nice and the first night after we came back to the hotel, a friend and I just sat there and talked.  A CTA transit station is a block away you can get to it through the Merchandise mart. I would recommend this hotel.	
Jun 21 2007 	Okay... but wouldn't stay again	This hotel was okay. It did not have a traditional hotel bar area. The rooms were average. Hard beds and missing nice bedding. I would not stay here again. Pay the extra money to upgrade to a nicer hotel.	
Jun 4 2007 	View Made It Worth it	We were on the 21st floor and had a magnificent view of the Chicago River. Staff were friendly and helpful in giving directions to attractions and train routes.Rooms were average. The beds were kind of springy, but somewhat comfortable after a couple of nights there. The bathroom fan didn't work and we were offered another room, but since we had settled and fallen for the view, we opted to go without a fan. Our room keys kept on getting deactivated-happened three times, but they said it was because of carrying them close to cell phones. Housekeeping was late once out of the four days we stayed. We didn't have our room ready when we came back mid-afternoon. The location is in a secluded area-perhaps it was because we stayed during Memorial weekend. When it's a regular work-day there's a hustle and bustle of people coming in and out of the college located in the same building and Merchandise Mart. Go across the walkway to access a foodcourt, CTA Lines, look through the furniture/furnishing showrooms, and post office during the weekdays. Michigan Avenue is about 15-20 minute walk from the hotel. It's a nice walk on a good day or $5 for a cab drive there. With all the walking we did, we got to know the streets real well. We felt pretty safe walking around the area late at night.Parking-On Sunday and Monday (a holiday) we parked for free along Wacker Drive. The other nites, I parked in a parking facility located about a block and a half on Lake &amp; Franklin for $22.25 for 24 hrs vs. the $27/night at the hotel.	
May 30 2007 	Very convenient hotel	This is the hotel that came up with my Priceline bid - far lower than any of the rates I noticed looking thru the reviews quickly &amp; we couldn't have been happier with it.Our stay was over the Memorial Day weekend - Sunday &amp; Monday night. There is an enclosed walkway to the Brown Line (CTA trains) which we discovered was closed except during business days. The walk outside takes just as long as the winding corridor you need to walk thru. The stop across the way makes it quite convenient to all of Chicago. We were not at the hotel much but it was quiet, clean, friendly staff, and very comfortable (especially after the rock hard beds we had stayed at outside the city). Also they held our luggage until we were leaving which made taking one of the last flights out a lot easier.The views were great - we were on the 22nd floor, outside room. The lobby is an open area that extends all the way up creating a square. I do not know if the inner rooms have any kind of view.One reviewer is correct about the restaurants. You are staying in a business district of Chicago so there is not a lot of good restaurants 5 steps from the door but with CTA so convenient that should not stop yoiu from staying here.No matter when you go look into the Go Card thru the CTA if you are not driving - buy it for the number of days needed &amp; pay one price for unlimited use. Also, during the summer months there are a lot of free trolleys to take you to &amp; from the major sites.I had ditched my rental car before checking in so I can not say anything about the parking.	
May 30 2007 	Great Place to Stay	Booked this hotel on-line, without knowing what hotel it was, only the location, star rating and dates. I was originally expecting less than what I got. Stangely, the lobby is on the 15th floor, but what a view!! It takes 2 elevator rides from the ground floor, one to the lobby and another to your room floor. I stayed in a well-appointed room, very clean and extremely comfortable. The view from my 23rd floor room was the best ever. (Thanks to the desk clerk that suggested this room, some of the rooms face other nearby buildings). Ask for a southern view. Smoking is limited to the 16th floor, apparently. I didn't have an opportunity to try the onsite restaurants. The area is safe and very central and I found it very close to shopping, great restaurants and transportation. (Kudos to the CTA, a great service). I'll definitely put this near the top of all hotels I've visited.	
Apr 24 2007 	good position - beware students!!!	Excellent position for price - pleasant walk along the river right down to Navy Pier (about 30 mins) - passing State Street, Michigan Ave on way - Must visit Millenium Park on Michigan - lovely relaxing place in midst of all shops! - Hotel great to hop on and off EL train - due to high level of rooms great views of Chicago. Just one problem - BEWARE STUDENTS - there seems to be some connection with the local university (part placed in same building) and those staying in the hotel had no consideration for other guests. Despite me phoning the night-desk they were determined to wake everyone up on their floor. Partying until 3.00am is a bit much for those of use trying to sleep. Otherwise staff very helpful and good bar and restaurant - also many eating places around. Maybe management should consider educating the students or maybe they don't care!!!	
Apr 15 2007 	Holiday Inn an average hotel	I booked the stay through Priceline, getting $125/night NOT including parking. Parking is an additional $26/day. In the end, this hotel was average -- nothing astounding but nothing offensive. It certainly isn't in a class with the Sheraton on the Chicago River in terms of luxury. The extra parking charge was a surprise since another guest said parking was included in her rate. Probably because of the &quot;walk-in&quot; rate designated for Priceline bids. I was lucky to get a non-smoking room (since this was also not guaranteed for Priceline bids). The room was clean. However, two housekeeping staff entered my room with a key in the first 10 minutes I was in the room and this made me a little uncomfortable. Wireless internet was free, but it would reset after a period of time causing me to lose email content. I had a view of the top of the swimming pool -- so not a great Chicago skyline to compensate for the long trek to my meetings nearer to Michigan Avenue. Cabs were VERY plentiful, though trek from the parking to the hotel lobby was a real hike. The access to the elevators from the garage was not well marked and I had to basically lug my bags across rocks to get to my car. I wouldn't go this route in the evening as there are definitely dark alleys around. To boot, a cab driver swiped $5 from me, but this isn't the hotel's fault -- just a word to the traveler -- when you ask for change, count CLOSELY before you exit the cab.	
Apr 14 2007 	adequate -- awkward location	I was there for a conference and the hotel booked late (my bad) and through hotwire ended up about a mile from the hotels where the conference was held. It is actually a lovely walk along the river so that wouldn't be a problem -- except it was a bit of a drag in the rain and snow.Got off to a bad start when greeted with the notice that their Wifi was down -- this is critical to me traveling and I had lots of business I needed to conduct using the net -- so not having this essential tool for 24 hours was a real drawback. I had planned to take care of several important tasks that evening that I couldn't get done because of this.The room was fine. A basic clean holiday inn type room. The view was of the airshaft. At least I didn't end up with a room on the inner lobby which I would imagine would be noisy.Having read about theft in this review site (after I had received the hotwire pick) I looked into leaving my camera and laptop in a safe deposit box while I was out -- their boxes are tiny and won't handle anything but documents. Given their obvious concern about theft (lots written in the documents), it is unfortunate to have neither room safes or adequate security boxes.There is a pretty fair deli on the first floor of the building which was convenient -- especially since the neighborhood is not particularly good for small restaurants etc. Room service breakfast was prompt and good. They even provided the hot milk I requested (to make my own latte with the room coffee)fair value if the location is convenient for you.,	
Apr 12 2007 	Great View Great for Kids!	My family stayed at this hotel over Easter Weekend. We enjoyed our stay in Chicago, visiting a few museums. The kids under 12 eat free in the hotel at every meal. The only drawback, is that the prices for adult food are high, and when they take the price of the child's food off, they leave on the full price of the tax before the discount, and added the tip themselves, with the full price. This aside, the food was still great, and the pool was a lot of fun for the kids. We had two rooms to accomodate all of us (we have 5 kids) and the views of the city were really beautiful. The staff was excellent, friendly and helpful. The beds were fluffy and comfortable, and we had a large television with all the cable channels to watch in the evenings after a day of sightseeing. I would definitely tell my friends to stay at the Holiday Inn Chicago Mart!	
Feb 27 2007	A good hotel with great views	Stayed at the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza over President's Day weekend, booking the rooms on Priceline at $75 per night.We were in Chicago for a weekend to enjoy the city, so our time in the hotel was limited. The location is convenient for driving in and the parking lot is more than adequate. If you're on a business trip to the Loop, this would certainly be a good choice. For a weekend/family getaway, you may want to look for something like the Hyatt Regency just to be closer to Michigan Ave and the main tourist sites.The layout of the hotel, entering through the building lobby and then proceeding to the hotel lobby on the 15th floor, is somewhat inconvenient, but certainly not a problem. Unload your bags before you park.Parking is $27 a day with unlimited use, so if you'll be traveling by car during your stay, it's a good value. Otherwise, the El Brown line stop at Merchandise Mart is located a block east (through the Mart building). Michigan Ave is a six block walk to the east, certainly doable, even in winter.Room had a great view looking over the Chicago River and the Mart. Room was very good size, bed was comfortable and the bathroom was fine - all in all, this is a very nice Holiday Inn. It's certainly a great value on Priceline, and would be a good value in general.	
Feb 20 2007 	Okay; free self-parking is a bonus	Family of four stayed here on a cold, snowy Presidents Day weekend. Location is ideal; there is an enclosed walkway to access the above-ground mass transit, the &quot;L.&quot;Our room was comfortable, spacious, plenty of towels, TV worked fine. Beds were acceptably comfortable. The view was amazing - we were on the 21st floor. The hotel itself begins with its lobby on the 15th floor - so every room has some kind of view of the lights and the city.Our bathroom had a large crack in the sink. Our children were told by other kids in swimsuits that the indoor pool was cold.Room service prices were outrageous (and they like to heap on taxes and extra fees and gratuities to the point of being beyond belief!) and there is no nearby quick food on a Friday night, we discovered. We recommend breakfast or other fast meal at the Billy Goats Grill located in the adjacent &quot;Shops at the Mart.&quot;Our room rate was $135 (closer to $180 with taxes) for two double beds but it did include free self-parking. The entrance is very difficult to find; it is at the side of the building and poorly marked. From our parking space (outdoors), it was quite a hike up many, many icy stairs to the Sun-Times lobby, from where guests take a direct elevator to the lobby on Floor 15.	
Nov 5 2006 	Chicago River North hidden treasure hotel	I booked Holiday Inn Mart Plaza through Chicago's Convention &amp; Tourism bureau website at a bargain (for Chicago) weekend rate , $155, and was very pleased. Our king non smoking room on 20th floor had a great view of the Chicago River, skyline and Merchandise Mart (photo). Room was quite large and very pleasant with king bed, sofa bed, cocktail table, desk, and TV armoire. Attractive, modern, if somewhat generic Holiday Inn furnishings in room. Bath was clean and everything worked well. Extremely quiet with no noise from El, traffic or other rooms, which is not something you can say about all Chicago downtown hotels. Dramatic atrium lobby. Pleasant, helpful, courteous hotel staff. I even received a breakfast/parking discount coupon for using my Priority Club card. Minor annoyance, hotel is hard to see from street level and a bit tricky to reach by car. It's marked by a few small, hard-to-see signs and is located on one-way (northbound) Orleans street. It's next to the landmark Merchandise Mart, and very easy to find once you know where it is. HOLIDAY INN sign on roof is not visible from street as hotel is located on 15+ upper floors of Chicago Sun Times building. You also need to take an elevator to lobby at 15 then change to hotel elevator. On site and nearby garage parking is abundant, relatively inexpensive at $24 per day, and lots of restaurants in area.  Walk or short cab ride to Loop destinations, theater district, River North bars and restaurants, Magnificent Mile, Sears Tower, and State Street shopping. We did not use the restaurant or lobby bar but they looked fine. There is a pool and fitness center, but we did not use them.I am a demanding, frequent traveler and I highly recommend the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza, especially for weekend getaways at reduced rates. It would also be an obvious choice for downtown business travelers especially if your business is in Merchandise Mart.	
Aug 12 2006 	ok hotel with low beds	Stayed at this Holiday Inn over a Sunday and Monday evening. the hotel was busy, as it was the same weekend as the National Restaurant Ass. conference. The only reason I chose this hotel was because of the good rate for that weekend.Thanks to reviews here, I was ready for the whole &quot;walk in at the ground floor and take an elevator up to the lobby&quot; business, which wasn't a big deal. Didn't eat at the restaurant or use any hotel services so I can't comment on those. The only thing that stood out for me, is how low the beds were to the ground. This wasn't bothersome, however it was the only thing of note, in an otherwise average stay. I believe it was mentioned in an earlier review, but on weekends, the underground passage to the Brown Line station (which is in a building across the street) is closed. You need to cross the street, and in our case, we had to have a security guard give us access to the elevator to head upstairs to catch the train. A bit different, but again, I was prepared based on an earlier review.Also, be prepared to wait for a cab if you have an early morning flight. On a Tuesday morning at 5:30AM, I guess because the hotel is actually part of another building, there were no cabs out front. I had to push a button in order to have a light flash on the street to get the attention of cabs, which took about ten minutes.	
Aug 8 2006	Nice view close to trains	I've stayed at the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza twice and was impressed. The hotel is on top of the Chicago Sun Times building, so all the rooms are on &quot;high floors.&quot; Priority Club members get a $5 off coupon towards breakfast or parking. I used it for breakfast which was quite decent.If you take the train, your best bet is the Brown line. Get off at Merchandise Mart, walk through the building, take an escalator down to ground level and then the hotel elevator up to 15th floor. I don't remember many signs, so you might get lost. But at least you're insulated from the heat or cold (depending on time of year). The Brown line is convenient to the Loop as well as the Lakeview/N. Halsted area. Connect at Clark St station for the Blue line to/from O'Hare or Orange line to/from Midway. If you don't have much luggage you can't beat $2.For N. Michigan Ave, you can walk, take Bus 125 or a taxi ($7-10). There's a business center but they charge for internet. You can also use the TV internet for a fee. But, for simple e-mail and net surfing, head over to the Apple Store on N. Michigan Ave and do it for free! There's a Starbucks, Klay Oven Indian restaurant, and a pharmacy down the block on N. Orleans, as well as several places in the merchandise mart for a quick bite.	
Jun 9 2006 	Perfectly fine	Hotel is in a good location for access to downtown Chicago, but somewhat inconvenient in its building, with its lobby at the 15th floor of its building. The service was fine, and parking was convenient. I was given a room with a spectacular river/downtown view.The room itself was serviceable, though not spectacular. Plenty of clean linens were in the room, and it was clean. The room was not large, but the bathroom was. Wireless Internet was available (though I did not use it).Though pricey by Holiday Inn standards, this hotel is a great value for downtown Chicago.	
Jun 5 2006 	Your basic holiday inn	The hotel is close to the Clark Station, but it is still a good 10-15 minute walk, not recommended even if you just have one bag but you can get a cab from the EL station for about $3. When you walk in, you are in the Mart Plaza, you must go to the 15th floor to get to the hotel. Desk staff were your typical holiday inn no frills staff-- nice, but not interested in your stay. The room is large, but outdated, including the carpet, curtains and the bed, which was not the most comfortable. A/C is a unit under the window.Nice sized bathroom. Room service was quite good and very fast and they had a nice selection on the menu. Great view, this was the best thing about the room.Hotel is within walking distance of some nice restaturants. Try Harry Caray's, great steak, large portions. It was a basic, no frills budget hotel, without the budget cost. $149 a night through a special group rate.	
Jun 3 2006 	comfy and clean but not beautiful	My husband stayed here Wed. through Fri. night as a conference attendee. I joined him for Fri. night.Positives: clean rooms, comfy bed, courteous staff, comprehensive (but not cheap, about $17) hot breakfast buffet with free juice refills, nice location on the riverNegatives: no room service (or any food service) after 10:30 pm--vending machines only, location seems to be in the business district (i.e., not as good for weekend shopping or daytripping), atrium architecture and decor is utilitarian and sterile	
May 17 2006 	Room Theft	It's simple. I check in on May 16th 2006 with about $350 worth of electronics. I checked out on the 17th with none. I checked in at about 6:50, and left to eat. I was only out of my room for an hour, that means there must have been employees waiting like vultures to work that fast.I was helping my company setup for NeoCon, and location was why we chose this hotel. In spite of the hotels close proximity to the Merchandise Mart, I will seek other accommodations for future trips. I suggest you do the same.	
Apr 11 2006	Elevators are a pain but otherwise OK	Good things: proximity to the train; bellhops; cleanliness; bed &amp; pillows; concierge; close to fast food establishments for a quick bite.Not so good things: front desk staff; two separate elevators to get to room (plus a down escalator if you're coming through Merch Mart walkway); bathrooms are clean but outdated and caulking was gross; didn't feel it was worth the money we paid	
Mar 23 2006 	Get ready for trouble!	Sincs it is easier to list the positives being that there is so few I'll do that first. The rooms are big, the wireless internet is free, and its attached to an indoor mall. now the bad. The lobby is on the 15th floor, The bell staff left my luggage unattended twice. The front desk staff is rude, The charge for parking is $25.00 each time you leave the lot, not bad if you don't leave. The non-smoking room smelled like smoke. The damage deposite fee is more if you booked online. most of the rooms entrances face the lobby and these rooms are very loud. Lastly Unlike some of the positve reviews I had a view of a wall. I will NOT be staying here again!	
Feb 22 2006	HOLIDAY INN MART CLEAN BUT AVERAGE	Good for business travelers; Leisure travel okay as long as you don't expect alot of extras such as entertainment and a variety of restaurants; Very clean. Staff were nice. Minor problem with reservation (between what was reserved for me and what I reserved with Priceline), but it was easily straightened out; Excercise facilities were small and standard considering their service book in the room indicates it was recently upgraded-must have been in very bad condition previously; a jacuzzi would have been nice to go along with the pool.When we arrived, we were slightly confused as to where we would check-in (entrance on 1st floor of the merchandise mart and check-in is on the 15th floor), but once we were familiar with the area, it wasn't inconvenient. We were not fortunate enough to get a good view from our room, but if we were on another side of the hotel the views would be great (ask for a room with a view).	
Feb 16 2006	Great Chicago Hotel	We enjoyed our stay at the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza. We were in downtown Chicago for the Auto Show and wanted a nice hotel to stay in. We had the best breakfast package, and the buffet was pretty good. We were walking distance to restuarants, and to attractions. Our only complaint was with the people in the next room who partied into the wee hours of the night. But when we called the front desk, they had security up right away. We would definatly stay at this hotel again.	
Feb 14 2006	Beauiful view...great service	This past weekend a bunch of us stayed in this hotel. WE are from the burbs of chicago(naperville) however just wanted to have some fun (20's , 30&quot;s and 40's is our age group.We had a room with a beauiful view (room 2018,2019). We took local cabs to clubs etc which is very easy to get right outside of the Hotel. I would go again.	
Jan 19 2006	Least ideal for Michigan Ave shopping	Happened to win this hotel through a bidding service and didn't pay much for the one night stay. I would NEVER have chosen this hotel on my own initiative, but it was an interesting stay that I wouldn't care to repeat.They say location is everything...well, if shopping on Michigan Avenue is YOUR preferred location, this hotel is just inconvenient enough from that area (train, bus, or walk) to make your trip less than memorable as one of your favorite visits. Even after you arrive at the hotel, if via public transportation, your adventure is just half fulfilled, as it's quite a &quot;maze&quot;, and about a 10 minute walk, from the bus/train stop to, eventually, arriving at your room. Once again, this is NOT the hotel for you if shopping in Chicago's Michigan Avenue corridor.On the positive side, I must acknowledge that the physical appearance of this Holiday Inn is above average of the typical ones you would find. With that said, everything beyond the physical attributes is VERY MUCH typical Holiday Inn -- including a very average staff.Suppose I have grown accustomed to the professionalism of excellent chains that are highly regarded for outstanding customer service. Upon my arrival at the front desk of the Holiday Inn-Mart Plaza, I was quickly reminded that I was about to take SEVERAL steps down in customer service professionalism from what I have grown so accustomed to in my travels. The chain to which all others are to be compared is Marriott (of course in my humble opinion) -- impeccable customer service in EVERY property that I have been a guest. Marriott definitely has a genuinely desire to please their guests, while my overall experience at the few Holiday Inns I have stayed has been pretty much the opposite.This location was no exception to Holiday Inn's overall lack of guest satisfaction. There tends to be no warm greeting at the desk, lack of genuine desire for satisfying simple guest requests/accommodations (rooms in certain areas, views when available, etc.). In fact, my perception is that their goal at the front desk was to get you out of their faces as quickly as possible -- not guest satisfaction.Needless to say, I will NOT be returning to the Holiday Inn - Mart Plaza and, since I have visited Chicago on NUMEROUS occasions in the past, I would STRONGLY advise travelers to seek alternate accommodations of some OUTSTANDING hotels in the Michigan Ave/Wacker Drive area.There are way-too-many great options in this wonderful city to settle for a hotel as mediocre as the Holiday Inn-Mart Plaza -- you can EASILY BEAT the location and, especially, the professionalism (or lack thereof) of this hotel among the vast array of hotels in the city of Chicago.	
Jan 17 2006	Great hotel!	My girlfriend and I spent the night at this hotel and we very much enjoyed our stay. While it's not on Michigan Avenue, it is conviently located near the &quot;L&quot; (and you can go just about anywhere you want in Chicago from the &quot;L&quot;. To get to the &quot;L&quot; you don't even have to go outside, just walk through the Merchandise Mart. From our room, we also had an excellent view of downtown and the Chicago river. We didn't experience some of the problems that others had, we thought the beds were comfortable and the walkway to the Merchandise Mart WAS open on a Sunday. Our only complaint was that the indoor pool was very cold...too cold to swim in. Also, their beakfast was quite pricy (even for a hotel). However, I do recommend staying here when in Chicago. Also be sure to take a walk down the street to Ed Debevics, a fun place to eat!	
Dec 4 2005	We really liked this hotel!	My friend and I stayed at this hotel this past weekend while we were shopping in Chicago. One of the places we wanted to visit was the One of a Kind Show at the Merchandise Mart so this was a good location for that. We were dissappointed in the show since they had high priced art which is not what we were looking for. We really liked the hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpful and we had no problems getting extra soap and towlels or whatever else we needed. Our room was on the corner facing the east and we had a beautiful view of the city especially at night with the lights. We had a rate from the Holiday Inn website that included breakfast for 2 for $10. We had the breakfast buffet which would have been $15 each if we would have had to pay for it so this was a good deal. Overall we enjoyed our stay, the room was clean, and beds comfortable and would stay here again.	
Nov 21 2005	Okay but not great	We got a very good deal on the Holiday Inn via their internet site; it was especially low since most of the other hotels had higher prices on the weekend we traveled to Chicago. This hotel was further away from the Magnificent Mile area where I've typically stayed before. It was still very convenient since the El brown line stops right at Merchandise Mart and you can walk through the Mart and across a walkway without ever going outside - great for the Chicago winter. **However, I unfortunately found out the hard way that the walkway is closed and locked all day Sundays which makes getting to the el more inconvenient to say the least.**Also, fyi - many of the places we typically go in Chicago are more convenient to the red line which took some juggling to get to from the brown line.The hotel lobby was very nice and the staff was extremely helpful to us. I also liked having wireless internet available for free in our room. The room was clean and nice, nothing special. The beds were strangely low to the ground and not comfortable at all. That feeling was shared by each of the others in my party as well - something that was pretty important with all the walking you typically do in Chicago. I would not go out of my way to stay here again, but I would not dissuade anyone from staying here. It's clean and safe and the location is close to the loop and downtown. Just be aware of the drawbacks this hotel may have over others.	
Nov 17 2005	Absolutly fantastic	We stayed here Dec 04 and had a ball.Hotel is nice and quiet and beautifully lit up reception area.The reception is on the 17th floor so the rooms are guarentted a great view.Really clean and friendly.So good we are staying in the other Holiday inn again in 2 weeks, so we can compare.Big difference in Holiday inns in America to the ones in Ireland.	
Oct 12 2005	Good view disappointed in lack of convenience	We got this hotel on priceline and it was a difficult weekend to book a hotel, so the price was not great. We thought we would end up with a poor quality hotel based on information we found on other websites, but we were pleasantly surprised. We were glad to get a nice room with an incredible view! The downsides: The parking lot is very inconvenient, especially if there on a typical Chicago day...blustery and raining. We decided it was worth the extra money to valet park once we saw the parking lot and the fact that we had to carry suitcases up a huge flight of stairs! Then when you get inside, you have the large lobby that is part of the merchandise mart before you get to an elevator that takes you to the lobby of the Holiday Inn and then you take another elevator to get to the floor where your rooms are. I found all of this very inconvenient (especially traveling with a toddler!). The room was okay, not fancy, but clean. It seemed very busy, so there wasn't any personal attention if you are looking for that.	
Sep 6 2005	My favorite breakfast buffet!	Very much enjoyed this hotel. Extremely nice and comfortable. Good location. Breakfast buffet was great as it contained healthy options in ADDITION to your usual (eggs/bacon/sausage/toast), such as yogurt, fruit, oatmeal, cereal, etc. Will definitely come back if the price is right.	
Sep 1 2005 	Not a bad choice	This hotel is in a good location, a little hard to get to. Rooms are fine, not terribly upscale, but the price is RIGHT (under $100). I requested a view down of the South branch of the Chicago River and they gladly obliged. Open parking lot not the best, though.	
Aug 28 2005	Holiday Inn Chicago Merchandise Mart	This was a nice but not high on amenities. Where else could I get a 3 Star hotel with a room facing the Chicago River with Elevated service right outside my door for $85.00 a night. I used Priceline and let them pick the hotel. Everyone was extremely friendly and the location was excellent. This Hotel was only five blocks from Harry Carry's and the House of Blues. Try it you'll like it.	
Aug 10 2005	Great hotel fantastic view!	We stayed at the hotel in July 2005, and will definitely return again. Our room had a beautiful view of the Chicago River and &quot;The Loop&quot;. The hotel is very clean, and situated atop the Apparel Mart, across the street (but connected by passageway) to the Merchandise Mart. We travel to Chicago about once a year, and usually stay closer to Michigan Avenue. However, we really enjoyed this hotel's location, and its accessibility via the loop trains. Be sure to get a transit pass that allows you to unlimited use of the CTA trains and buses; there is a station adjacent to the Merchandise Mart that you can access without going outside. It's also convenient if you want to take the CTA train directly from Midway or O'Hare. There are also some excellent restaurants nearby on Wells Street. The hotel has some quirks because of its location. The lobby is on the 15th floor, above the Apparel Mart, but you can pull up to the front of the building where bellmen can unload your luggage and take it upstairs. Also, there is outside parking adjacent to the hotel. So while it may be easy to get lost in this unusual setting, we didn't have a problem getting to the hotel or getting our baggage unloaded.Finally, as you will note from some previous reviews, people can have very different experiences in the same hotel. But you shouldn't be put off by the negative reviews. This hotel is nice!	
Jul 18 2005	AsK Questions Before You Decide	The great view of the Chicago River that I had out of my room somewhat offset some of the things that brought disappointment. I reqested a non-smoking room, but the room smelled like a smoking room. Had to call Housekeeping for a spray, but it's difficult to get that smell out of the carpet, etc. They advertise High Speed Internet. For me it turned out to be &quot;Very Low Signal&quot;, but it was free. The hallways, at least the one on the 21st floor felt warm as if no air was circulating and the temps outside were in the 80s. My room had a noisy old AC unit. The type that runs all the time and blows the curtains. Had to put a rubber band around the drape to keep it from flowing in the breeze all the time. If the noise of this kind of unit keeps you awake, consider another hotel.Pets are allowed in this hotel and they state this in their list of amenities on their web site. I saw one person with two dogs, but that was it during my two day stay. If you want to stay within a short walking distance of Michigan Avenue, consider another hotel closer to the Navy Pier. I walked to Michigan Ave., and it is a trip of several blocks, however, the route that I took was along the river and that helped make it seem shorter. They advertise &quot;soundproofed&quot; rooms, remodled in 2002. I didn't experience any noise from other guests, even though I had a room that could be made into a suite (adjoining room) which is typically more likely to be noisy due to the adjoining door inside the room. I suppose that the noisy AC could also have masked any sound from within the hotel. Sorriso Restaurant on the Chicago River is about three or four blocks from the hotel and if you like sitting very near the river, watching boats and river traffic, I recommend it. I received negotiated, relatively lower than normal room rates due to being with a convention group, but I wouldn't pay a higher rate to stay at this property. The staff's courtesy was about normal for a busy hotel. I had to have dinner at their restaurant one night and even though it wasn't crowded, the wait for service and check was too long.	
Jul 3 2005	Terrible service	We came here july 2nd, and it is possibly the wrost hotel i have ever stayed at. We made reservations for a king size bed in a smoking room, but they had not held our reservation and we ended up in a full size bed in smoking. Parking is terrible, we spent an hour trying to find a spot. The room service stops at 10:30, which is terrible for travelers who arrive late. Just finding the place was a trip and a half. when we couldnt find it by the directions from mapquest and their web site, we called and got directions from them personally, which put us in some loading dock zone. Over all, it was a terrible stay. the price wasnt bad for chicago though.	
Apr 25 2005	Excellent value for money	Overall, a very good hotel, particularly for the money. The room was a decent size, the staff was extremely courteous, and the hotel seemed to be very well run. A couple of nice extras: free wireless internet access, access to the gym, and room service that delivered in about 10 minutes.The main downside for us was the hotel's location: an area where there isn't a ton of retail shopping (unlike some of the higher end hotels off Michigan Ave.). Also, the A/C was a little slow in cooling down the room, but luckily it wasn't a problem for us since the weather was chilly.	
Mar 17 2005	Great stay! 3/05	This hotel is pretty well located- you can get to an EL stop without going outside. The view was great, the river and downtown lights were right there! Got a good rate on Hotwire. A little hard to find by car, and parking is a bit steep, but public transit options are good. There was free WiFi in the rooms. The room itself was nothing particularly fancy, but everything was very clean and in excellent condition. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 8 2005	Pet Friendly 	Just returned from a New Year's weekend stay at the HI Mart. Trouble finding the place doesn't end when you drive in...You have to travel through a labyrinth to get to the actual hotel and your room because the hotel sits atop the fifteenth floor of the Merchandise Mart. However, that means every room has an outstanding city view. This hotel is PET FRIENDLY, which is always a big plus, especially when staying in major cities. That said, walking your pet is a bit of a chore: Must take hotel elevators to hotel lobby, then walk through lobby to take elevators to Mart lobby, then walk through Mart lobby and walk down numerous stairs to get to riverfront walking area. That area is great for pets, but I suspect some pooches have trouble holding it for the lengthy journey to &quot;go potty.&quot; Room was OK--Nothing special. Room service was efficient and a good value and among the best food I've had anywhere in my room. Novel idea: The housekeeping/room service staff actually quickly disposes of trays &amp; food left outside rooms in the hall; this is something that many hotels seem to miss. We got a good deal on the room booking a pre-pay advance purchase direct with HI, but after we got there, discovered that guests who walked in off the street were being charged less (more than $20 less). When I mentioned that to front desk staff, they simply shrugged and said, &quot;Oh, well.&quot; What would it have cost them really to give us a break or throw in breakfast to make us happy? That was disappointing.	
Dec 21 2004	Great View		
Nov 30 2004	don't go for the pool		
Oct 31 2004	Excellent! I Highly Recommend!		
Oct 7 2004	Good Location		
Sep 17 2004	Great view and wonderul hotel		
Aug 19 2004	fantastic view		
Jun 5 2004	a great week end at Chicago		
Mar 14 2004	Better than I expected		
Jan 28 2004	Great location		
Apr 9 2003	Affordable Accomodating and Clean		
Nov 16 2009 	Bon hôtel		
Nov 14 2009 	Preciosas vistas		
Oct 9 2009	Schönes Hotel		
Feb 3 2009	tres bien situé		
Sep 11 2007 	Hôtel un peu daté mais très bien situé et offrant de magnifiques vues		
