	Beautiful view... everything else disappointed	The Hyatt has an amazing unobstructed view over the river and it's beautiful at night. Its location is superb, situated two minutes from the start of the Magnificent Mile and all the shopping you can endure. However, that's pretty much where it ends for me. Rooms were average, poorly decorated, and not 4-star quality. The iPod functionality on my clock was broken, no pens were provided in-room, and colleagues who stayed on other floors constantly complained about noise and distractions that prevented them from getting a good night's rest. Sources of noise include:- Elevator doors opening/closing- Elevator gears- Street noise- Water running through the pipesUnfortunately, all the noises above were not momentary but persisted through the entire night due to the placement of their rooms and throughout the week we stayed at the Hyatt. It's almost like the building was designed with no consideration for sound-proofing! To also not have internet included at the price we paid was almost highway robbery... isn't it archaic to still charge for in-room internet nowadays?With that said, the hotel is still a decent stay. The service was acceptable and friendly. The location was convenient, and the view was amazing. I would still recommend this to a friend. If you can find a good deal on this place it's worth it; otherwise, I'd suggest looking at other hotels in the area around Michigan Avenue.	
	Nice business hotel very well located.	This was a very good and positive surprise. This hotel has maybe only 2 drawbacks: 1-Bad isolation from the hall, like every other hotel in USA, 2-It might get crowded at conference time, because this baby is BIG... Otherwise the amenities are very good, with a nice gym and spa, shops in the basement and the staff is impeccable as usual at Hyatt. Good experience.	
	I Expected MUCH More From A Hyatt	We got this room for a great rate, but we still expected a standard four-to-five star Hyatt experience. Yes, it enjoys a great location, but the facility has to be twenty-five years old, and while there have been some facelifts given, it's still pretty shabby.Here are the lowlights:Got to the room and noticed that there was some black stuff in the caulking around the tub. (See photos). I mentioned it to the front desk staffer, who apologized profusely. She said the housekeeping manager would get right on it while we were out at dinner.We got back from dinner and...still had the black stuff in the tub. So, the next morning, I brought it to the attention of the new front desk staffer on duty, and she, too, apologized profusely. (Using almost identical wording as the first woman. As if there were a script she was following...) We asked her to have the housekeeping team address it while we were out at breakfast, so that we could have a clean tub for the rest of our stay.Shockingly, there was no change in our tub after breakfast. Went back to the counter, spoke with the same staffer from earlier in the morning. She asked if we'd like to move to a new room, which, while inconvenient, sounded like a good idea. To her credit, she did offer to give us some sort of freebie for our trouble. But since I didn't need free internet or food vouchers, there was apparently nothing else she could offer me. I asked if they could comp my $48 parking bill (yes, that's a daily rate!) Sorry, no dice. So, we went to look at the new room. Unfortunately it had gunk in the tub too! (See photo.)What's This Foolishness?Making matters worse, when we returned from breakfast, we found that our sheets actually had multiple rips and tears in them! It was impossible to miss them, which tells me that the housekeeping staff either didn't care or wasn't given the guidance that, you know, ripped sheets don't really enhance the Hyatt brand.So, I pulled the ripped sheets off the bed and went back to the front desk. We told the desk agent we'd stay in our original room since the new one wasn't much better. (I think the sarcasm was lost on him.) Once again, profuse apologies, housekeeping manager will be calling you, putting our best people on it, yadda yadda.We have two more nights here. It will be interesting to see how this plays out....	
Nov 24 2009 	Very nice hotel kind of busy.	Very impressed by the hotel. It was like a mini-mall. Parking was nearby (hotel parking was a ripoff though, charging $50 per night just to park). Good value (name your own price on Priceline), got the hotel for like $60 US. Rooms were nice, and staff was friendly. Lot of people though around the main foyer. Kind of far from popular Chicago attractions.	
Nov 20 2009 	Hyatt class	Staff and service were excellent from directions to room service. Ultra clean rooms, food was wonderful. Perfect walking distince to Mile shopping and most sights. Loved everything about this hotel. If you want class stay at the Hyatt Regency	
Nov 19 2009 	Great Updated Room with Great View	Check is was fast and professional. We were assigned a corner room with a great view of the river and some downtown landmarks. The room itself was spotless and totally updated although on the small side. The carpet was new, the bed was comfortable and the high definition flat screen was top notch as well. The marble shower and vanity were quite nice. The water pressure was very good and hot water plentiful. Considering the size of the room itself the bathroom was quite large. This Hyatt is a huge property that gets it right both with their rooms and service.	
Nov 19 2009 	Excellent location - good hotel	They Hyatt Regency is a huge hotel - the layout is confusing at first as there are two towers and you have to go back and forth between. The location is excellent - just next to the Chicago River, very close to Lake Michigan and right off Michigan Avenue for shopping and dining. The staff at the hotel were uniformly polite, friendly and helpful. I had a very small room, though it overlooked the river so the view was great. The items that make me give this hotel a 4 rating instead of 5 are the following: relatively limited room service menu - with almost no vegetarian items; very poor lighting in the room (energy efficient fluorescent bulbs in 3 tiny lamps - so dark I could not see to open the combination luggage lock I have); pretty limited television channel lineup on the in-room tv. There is a nice little coffee and food stand downstairs in the atrium area that sells more than just pastry for breakfast (fruit, cereal, snacks, even ice cream) so it's easy to get some food while avoiding a restaurant. Overall this is a very nice hotel.	
Nov 16 2009 	Great View - Great Time	We booked this hotel through Priceline for $59 a night but would have found it a good value at twice that when location and amenities are considered. I have infrequently been given inferior room when booking with Priceline. (My price was about 1/3 the going Internet rate.) So when checking in I often state, I realize there is probably not much you can do because this is a Priceline room. The desk person's reply to that comment was &quot;who says so?&quot; She then gave us a nice room with a great view on the 31st floor looking out on the Chicago river and lake Michigan. I tipped her $10 and she was very appreciative as was I! I would absolutely stay here again but the $48 valet parking fee is not good and there are other parking options nearby that I would explore. (I was told that Hyatt has allocated money to this property for room renovations and that work is underway. While our room hadn't been newly remodeled it was certainly a very nice room with a large Plasma tv. )	
Nov 14 2009 	Great Location - Good Hotel	My wife and I booked a one-night stay at this hotel via Priceline. We got the room for $60 dollars so it would be hard to complain about the price. The hotel itself is enormous and attached to a convention center. The check-in was quick and efficient. The lobby is nice although it definitely has the feeling of an airport terminal. There are something like 2000 rooms in this hotel and the lobby reflects that type of activity. Our room was actually very nice and what I felt it was exceptionally clean and well appointed. The bathroom was slightly dated, but overall we were satisified with the room. The location of this hotel is perfect for anyone visiting Chicago. The hotel is just a block aways from Michigan avenue and very close to many shops and restraunts. The hotel bars were nice. We found the food at the breakfast buffet to be good, but not quite worth the $22.00 fee for the buffet. Skip the buffet and walk around the corner to a local resterant. I would definitely consider staying here again assuming I was getting a discounted rate on priceline. I would never consider staying at this hotel if I was going to be paying the full rate as their are much nicer hotels in the area for the same price in the area.	
Nov 14 2009 	Hub of downtown with some down-sides	We enjoy staying at Hyatt Hotels usually. My husband had a conference here all week, so I was a solo tourist, diner, &amp; guest for the most part. This Hyatt is very large, &amp; the rooms are of typical Hyatt design/spaciousness. Not very much room to store clothing, though; only 4 clothes hangers in the closet - so bring your own. No counter space in bathrooms either. Our air unit was broken,so the temp was really hot upon arrival, but housekeeping was prompt to fix it. Our door keys were disengaged twice but also promptly fixed once we showed our I.D.s to guest services. For our troubles, they gave us a fruit bowl. The fitness center is small, but the equipment is new/clean. The spa staff were very pushy w/ services. All i wanted was a haircut, but the facial lady literally booked me for a facial w/o my request and insisted it would be the best facial ever. I ended up walking out. (She even followed me down the hall, still trying to make &quot;the sell.&quot;) The food in the Bistro is not comparable with the price - dinner or breakfast. You'd do better finding someplace down the street. Every time I ate there, the waiter would bring the check to me immediately after taking my order, which I thought was rude. And they do take away your food before you're finished - a lot of language barriers with wait staff here. But the &quot;Big Bar&quot; is nice if you're into a happy hour scene. Good conference center for business too. I would say if you're here for a conference or enjoy being in the hub of downtown, this will work for you. $13/day for internet is surprising for a semi-luxury hotel, though. Even Motel 6 has free wi-fii!	
Nov 10 2009 	Not bad	We booked our reservation online and had gotten a pretty good deal, it was less than $100 per night, but if we had paid the original room fee it would've definitely been a HUGE disappointment. The location is amazing...it's right between the Sears Tower and State Street on Michigan Avenue. It's a nice hotel if you're not going to spend much time in the room, but if you are, then it's not the greatest. They have a weight system on the mini bar, if you move anything in the bar, you'll be charged for whatever it is that moved. If you BUMP into it and anything moves, you'll be charged for that!!! So if you're traveling with children, make sure they don't come near the mini bar!!!We didn't try the restaurants in the hotel, but be sure NEVER to try the restaurant next door to the Hyatt, Houlihan's...it's the worst!Overall it wasn't a bad stay but it wasn't what we expected from the Hyatt.	
Nov 9 2009 	Good Business Hotel needs some updating	I attended a conference at the hotel recently and stayed for 5 days. It's OK, showing a little wear. the concierge floor is nice and the staff is great.	
Nov 8 2009 	Love this hotel	Call me crazy but I just love this hotel. I've been to Chicago at least twice a year for the last 10 or 12 years and this Hyatt just captures the big-city vibe in its own unique way. The lobby in the East tower is both warm and welcoming when you arrive back at the hotel yet you are engulfed by the sheer numbers of guests milling around, the facilities, the views... the rooms are always comfortable and I would agree with the reviewer who mentions putting a rolled tower under the door space to muffle any hallway noise. Staff is excellent, dining options are good, and the location is outstanding. I love this place!	
Nov 5 2009 	Absolute nightmare - overbooked displaced and then charged for a room I didn't even stay in.	I stayed here for a conference with a reservation for one room. The hotel was overbooked and we were forced to stay one night in a different hotel. In the process of checking back in to the Hyatt for the rest of the nights, somehow two rooms were created under my name. I received keys to one room, and when checking out, was informed of only one room. The bill was split between my roommate and I. Upon checking my card, I found that I was charged not only for half of one room, but a full bill for a room I never stayed in. When disputing the claim, I was informed that the extra charge could not be removed because someone did stay in that room. Does this hotel not check if they gave keys to anyone, if anyone actually checked in and used a room, or inform someone when they check out about all of the rooms listed under their name?	
Nov 5 2009 	Well located but huge conference style hotel	Spacious rooms and friendly service depsite being a monster of a hotel. Clean and functionable and in a good location	
Nov 3 2009 	LOUD	The restaraunts and the gym were very nice but the room was very loud, you could hear everything in the adjacent rooms and the housekeeping staff were extremely loud in the morning out in the hallways, also the bathroom was not very clean...the floor was sticky and the counter top was stained	
Nov 1 2009 	Great Location	We live in the burbs but wanted a nice getaway for the weekend as we had dinner and theater plans for the weekend. We ended up at the Hyatt Regency via Hotwire. We got a rate at about 50% off of the rack rate on the Hyatt website. After talking to people this seems to be a hotel that comes up on the discount hotel sites (hotwire, priceline) often as it is HUGE. We were happy we ended up here. It was convenient to everything. We parked at the Millenium Park garage for $24 for 24 hours. There weren't in and out privileges like the valet parking at the hotel which was about $50, but since everything was close that wasn't needed. We walked down Michigan Ave and considered going to Navy Pier but it was just too darn cold out. Our room was nice and the bed was great. We were at the end of a hallway in the West building so the noise factor was minimal. We had drinks at the Big Bar and DaddyO. Both were typical hotel bars, nice atmosphere but a bit pricey. The staff was friendly and attentive. While I don't think I'd pay the rack price for this hotel, I'd be willing to gamble on the discount sites to get something like this again.	
Nov 1 2009 	Good value huge good for many occasions	We stayed in this hotel for the Chicago Marathon. It was so busy that at first it felt like we arrived at an airport instead of a lobby. The hotel could use a major update to keep up with the newer, stylish hotels in the city. Our room (in the west tower) was spacious, comfortable, just a bit too dark. We did'nt experience any problems with noise from the hallway or other rooms. Location is great. Right in between the magnificent mile and milenium park.	
Oct 28 2009 	Older hotel but Chicago's largest and best location downtown	There are some issues with the hotel being older. The walls are paper thin, the bathroom layout is kind of old fashioned, etc but for the location it's just excellent.I saw some people complaining about the noise. One thing I noticed is about a 1&quot; gap of airspace between the bottom of our door and the floor. This is a major cause of the noise! If you place one of your bathroom towels across this gap at night you'll find it to be quite a bit more quiet... at least for the noises in the hallways.The other tip is to arrive in Chicago by some other means than a car. The $40 a night for parking is rough!!!	
Oct 26 2009 	Horrible bloody expensive	Stayed there for a tradeshow. Hotel Lobby looks more like an airport or factory. I don't know if all the rooms were as terrible as in the East tower, but I asked 3 times for another room and 3 times I got the same poor quality: the rooms are very old (old carpet, yellow curtains, dirty windows) and the bathroom hasn't been upgraded since a long time. Although the view (on the lake) was great, the rest was just horrible: the doors have an opening of around 5 cm's between door and carpet (no need to say you have the impression to sleep in the corridor) and the old airco systems had to be turned down because of the noice. The breakfast room (hall) is not cozy, the bar is nice but expensive. I'll never go back!!!!!	
Oct 23 2009 	An excellent deal	Stayed both at this Hyatt Regency and the Hyatt Regency at McCormick Place last week on a business trip. My stay at this Hyatt was purchased on priceline for considerably less than the posted rate, and I have to say it was a fabulous deal. I have done the priceline thing for 4-star hotels many times in several cities, and this was probably the nicest hotel I have gotten out of priceline yet. The most important thing to me regarding hotels are clean and comfortable rooms, and good service, and it didn't disappoint on those marks. Our room was very clean (I meticulously check rooms as soon as I enter, and I was satisfied). The staff was extremely accommodating and friendly at check-in, check-out, and during our stay. We were able to check in at around 10 am on a Thursday despite one conference leaving Chicago and one coming in. The exterior of the hotel itself has no wow factor and is not particularly impressive, and the lobby is spacious but was probably last renovated in the mid-90s - meaning not modern, but still nice enough. The rooms themselves seem more modern, which is more important to me. Very comfortable beds. I got around by walking, taxi, and conference shuttle, and I found it convenient, but someone who wanted to drive might consider a different location. There is a grocery store nearby on Stetson Ave if you want to purchase snacks. I would happily stay here again on my next trip to Chicago.	
Oct 22 2009 	perfect location	stayed here for marathon weekend. The location was perfect; right between Michigan avenue and Millenium park. We had no issues with noise as other reviews have stated,. The room was a basic hotel room. The beds were comfortable. The only disadvantages were a fee for internet service and no refrigerator. Otherwise, it was just what we needed.	
Oct 20 2009 	Pretty good if you get a room with a view.	This hotel is in an amazing location. The exterior of the hotel is pretty dated and the lobby has an early 90's cheesy feel....but the hotel has pretty good service and, if you're lucky, a fantastic view. The office portion of my room (3365) overlooked millenium park. Unfortunately I didn't get much work done--absolutely beautiful view! The room itself was nice and rather modern, although looked a bit worn in. Not a bad size. What perplexed me was that there was a (dusty) mini bar/tv stand, yet the room had no dresser. I stayed for 4 days, it would have been nice to unpack! The gym was a decent size and had some great cardio with integrated tv's. nice touch.  There are a lot of hotels in this part of town. This was a good place to stay, but this Hyatt Regency isn't as great as some others at which I've stayed.	
Oct 20 2009 	An alright experience but they're about to start renovating	The hotel is composed of an East Tower and a West Tower. I checked in at the East Tower and upon entering was fairly impressed with the first floor and lobby. It was 2am when I checked in but the bar on the second floor was hopping. Because I checked in so late, I expected the check-in process to go quickly, but the clerk was quite slow.We were given a room in the west tower and stayed on the 16th floor. It was a standard king room with a large desk, armchair and ottoman, and flat screen television. The wallpaper was peeling in a few places and the lighting in the bathroom was terrible. The water pressure in the shower wasn't the greatest, either.Location-wise, the hotel was in a central area - just one block from Michigan Avenue. We spoke with a maintenance man on our last night and he explained that starting next month, they would be renovating the entire hotel to make complete updates - bathroom lighting, shower, central air and heat, etc. I think these renovations are exactly what the hotel needs. The experience was bad so to speak, but I've stayed in better places for less money.The high speed Internet is $13 a day and so slow that it's not worth it.Parking in the hotel garage is $40+ per day. There's another garage a couple blocks away for about $27 per day.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great location nice rooms very accommodating staff!	Every part of this stay went smoothly. One of our party checked in early after I called to ask that she be able to check into a room under my name. When the rest of the party arrived, we were upgraded to a room with a wonderful view so that we could be close to the 1st room. This was a quick girls weekend. We spent a lot of time at the Big Bar, but missed the touted piano bar because of scheduling conflicts. The drinks were expensive, but location couldn't be beat.Location of the hotel was wonderful, easy walking distance to Navy Pier, the BillyGoat Tavern (the SNL Cheezborger-Cheezborger shrine), shopping and many other attractions.Every staff member we spoke to went out of their way to be accommodating. We will be back!	
Oct 19 2009 	Modern and nice	Staff was very accommodating during our arrival. The room was spacious and modern with a large flat screen TV that swiveled. The bedding was of a nice quality and the bed was comfortable. I liked the decor, which was modern with touches of quality. The hotel is suitable for large conferences, so it takes some walking to find your way around.	
Oct 17 2009 	Great location for the price one block from Magnificent Mile	Everyone we encountered was very helpful. The room was clean and updated. The hotel couldn't have been in a better location. One block from the Magnificent Mile and about 2 blocks from Navy Pier. Perfect location to everything. The only thing that was confusing about the hotel was where to check in, there are east and west towers. A bit confusing but still worth it.	
Oct 15 2009 	Bugs in food and bug in bed	Poor experience for the expense. I attended a conference and my husband accompanied and stayed 4 nights. Room is regular nothing fancy hotel room. My husband found a bug in his salad at Bistro 51 in the hotel and then on last morning, found another bug in his bed.Lighting is poor. Bathroom is small. Sound travels. Location is good and when bottom floor entrance to other shops is open for lunch and breakfast, prevents going outside in bad weather.	
Oct 15 2009 	Chicago Marathon	My son ran in the marathon, so we wanted to be close to the action. Hyatt fit the billl. Great location. Downtown and close to all attractions. Walked eveywhere. Can not complain about location. The Hyatt did not live up to expectations. Long lines to check in. And once checked in very disappointed. Housekeeping was bad. Rooms smelled bad and were dusty. Burn holes in the carpet of a non smokng room, wallpaper peeling off,etc.. They claimed we were smoking and tried to charge us $250.00. Guest services were great and fixed everything but I'd think twice before staying here again.	
Oct 14 2009 	Good business hotel but there are better values	I've stayed at this Hyatt for almost 30 years and have seen it through many renovations and changes. It's a good downtown hotel with convention and catering facilities, and a very busy lobby area where you can still find people when trade shows are in town. Paid internet. Convenient to Michigan Avenue; some nice views from higher floors. Can be expensive compared to the services provided. My most recent visit had to go to three rooms (first one had odor, second was occupied by someone else, and third finally was okay); had never had problems before. If you're in town for a meeting, this is a fine facility. If you're just staying in town, there may be better deals.	
Oct 13 2009 	Lovely hotel would stay here again...	We stayed at the Hyatt Chicago Marathon weekend. The hotel itself is extremely huge and was very busy because of the Marathon. We booked on Priceline and got a phenomenal rate. Checking in at 7:00 on Friday was very busy and we had to wait in line around 15 minutes. Check in went very fast once we reached the counter, we asked for two rooms and we were granted them for no additional cost. We were on the 12th floor overlooking the River. The room itself was very clean, nice size and had all the amenities one would need when traveling. Comfortable beds, nice flat screen TV, data port, iron, blow dryer. The bathroom was fairly large and inviting. The shower head was pretty amazing, especially after a long race. All in all I like the hotel, staff, location and beds. Michigan Ave is hop, skip and jump away. There are a plethora of Starbucks, corner bakery and restaurants in the area. My only complaints were waiting 15 minutes for an elevator in the am, the $48 charge for parking and having to wait 20 minutes for valet to come and assist when parking our car. I would definitely stay here again and suck up the $48 parking charge.	
Oct 13 2009 	Cool lobby and good location but rooms and service could be better	Was here for a conference for two nights, and the location was great, but I think it's just too big a hotel to be really outstanding. First of all, the rooms need better lighting. Even with all of the lamps on (there's no overhead lighting) it felt really dark and drab. Also, my room was supposedly a non-smoking one, but it still smelled of smoke. The bathroom wasn't terrible, but the grouting between the tub tiles was kind of gross and needed to be cleaned or redone. It also irked me that you had to specifically notify them if you wanted fresh towels every day. I've stayed at places with a &quot;towels on the floor will be replaced, towels hung up won't&quot; set up, and that's fine, but to have to make a call was ridiculous. I had some clothes laundered and when they were returned to me they also left me another guest's shirt (which I took down to the front desk). My colleague and I had both unknowingly (we must have just clicked the first option presented when making the reservation) signed up for a &quot;business plan&quot; room reservation, which included breakfast, free wifi and some other things, but when she checked in they didn't tell her any of this or give her the vouchers for breakfast. If I hadn't told her she wouldn't have ever known (they did charge her for wifi but took it off of her bill when she mentioned it to them). So while it wasn't terrible, there are lots of better options, especially for the price.	
Oct 13 2009 	Very pleasant hotel in a fantastic location	My husband and I stayed at this hotel while traveling to Chicago for pleasure. The hotel is well located directly off of the Magnificent Mile. It is a bit of a walk from the blue line stop (if flying into O'Hare), but not too bad. The hotel was nice, and we were received excellent service.	
Oct 13 2009 	In this hotel the walls CAN AND DO talk!	This hotel is fairly expensive, which I expect given the excellent location. They should REALLY do something about the sound transfer between rooms, which is absolutely atrocious. As I sit typing this at 4AM listening to the people talking (in conversational tones) in the next room. I have been awake for the past two hours, ever since the occupant came back with a prostitute (honest to God!) I laid awake listening to every detail, from payment to completion in gory detail. Earlier I could hear the occupant of the room on the other side urinating, to the last drop. This was not from my bathroom mind you, but my bed. We might as well be in tents!If the &quot;neighbors&quot; were being loud I would complain, but they have every right to speak in conversational tones and perform their bodily functions, so here I am.The rooms are clean and comfortable, the place is attractive, if slightly dated. Parking is $48/day. At the restaurant in the lobby, 2 eggs with bacon is $18 so we went ahead and had the buffet for $22, which was very good, as it should be for that price. Internet is a gouge at $14/dayThe location is good, facility acceptable, but I will never stay here again due to the lack of soundproofing. I really expect better from a Hyatt.	
Oct 10 2009 	Great location for touring Chicago!	This hotel very obviously caters to the business world, but there were plenty of couples and some families, too. Staff was courteous and prompt. My biggest complaint would be the $48/day fee to park!! Our room was clean &amp; had a spectacular view out to the river and lake (our room was in the hotel's west tower, in the northeast corner, 6th floor). We got to take in the fireworks out on the lake from our room both Friday and Saturday nights. Great location for touring the city - Millenium Park is just a few blocks to the south, Navy Pier is a not far to the east, it's right on the river (there are restaurants tucked under the major bridges/roads, right along the river!), plus it's just off of Michigan Avenue's fabulous shopping &amp; surrounding restaurants (there is soooooo much amazing food there!). The architectural river tour was wonderful - the river a great vantage point to take in the city's wealth of architecture.	
Oct 9 2009 	Nice room great location	We were very pleased with our stay at this hotel. The room was nice and clean. The hotel staff and hotel amenities were great. We got a great internet rate. The location is perfect - close to theaters and restaurants. Would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 9 2009 	If you don't mind hotels with 2000+ rooms this one was a great buy...	I was on the fence about attending a four day conference in Chicago at the Palmer House because the conference rate there was $179 a night and I was on a limited budget. I decided to go but used Princeline's name-your-own-price option to find a 3* hotel and ended up at the Hyatt Regency on Wacker for $59 a night. To further cut costs, I decided to use not take a taxi from the airport and opted for the train which was very easy to use. It was a tight squeeze getting through a few of the turnstiles with my rolling bag and I had to walk a few blocks to the hotel from the closest station but the $5.00 round trip sure beat the cabfare. The hotel had a Realtors conference going on at the same time so the lobby and check in reminded me of the check-in at a Vegas hotel but it all ran smoothly and my room was nice. The hotel was close to everything I needed and I walked just about everywhere I was going including the conference I was attending at the Palmer House. It was also close to Millenium Park and since I arrived on a Sunday and had the day to myself, I took one of the Segway tours that left from a site a couple of blocks away and had a blast riding around the area seeing the sites.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Location	Ideally situated in the center of the city, this hotel offered easy walking acces to Millenium Park, the Art Museum and great restaurants within the Loop. Rooms were spotless and beds were comfy.	
Oct 9 2009 	HUGE hotel Little to no service but amazing stay.	When we first checked in, we decided to use the automated check-in, to avoid the line- it seemed easier. The line was completely empty and had been for 10 minutes by the time we FINALLY got our keys. This part of the process completely eliminated any contact with Hyatt employees as well, so avoid this if at all possible. It's always nice to be greeted by a person if you have the option rather than a machine.We got our room key and went to the elevators, went up to our floor and realized that our room wasn't in that tower- that our room, in fact, was across the street at the other tower. Had we used an actual person instead of the machine -we probably would have known this before wasting our time traveling up to the wrong floor.Once we finally got to our room, everything was amazing. The view was incredible, we have a view of the river and the Magnificent Mile. The bathroom was very clean. The room itself was incredible. Aside from the view, the bed was a nice size and very comfortable, the TV was a nice sized flat screen.The only downsides to the room were that housekeeping didn't come until about 3pm usually, which is a little too late, especially if we want to come back after a morning walk or something, the other downside was the water pressure/temperature. The pressure was VERY low and the temperature was very fickle- very rarely was it always hot, you usually had to wait about 15 minutes for the temperature to get to a reasonable degree.But, those two downsides aside, everything else was awesome. I can't say much to the service level experienced at the Hyatt, as we weren't really in need of a whole lot of service- but, no one really went out of their way to say &quot;Hi&quot; or ask how our stay was.If you do stay here, don't miss Big Bar, it's a novelty but definitely is something worth checking out. They have some really good (and really big) drinks and the bartenders are all really nice.In all, there weren't too many things negative about our stay. We were neutral on some levels, but on the levels where it really, truly counts, Hyatt went above and beyond our expectations and I would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location nice hotel	I was in Chicago October 2 through October 5 with my husband and 4 young children. The Hyatt is a very large hotel, so is a bit impersonal. I would have prefered to stay at a property with some history, but I had recieved this reservation through Priceline and got a great deal. For the price I paid, this hotel was just fine.The hotel is clean and well kept. The beds were nice with plenty of pillows. Our room was clean and updated. The bathroom was nice with a granite vanity and a spectacular view of the Chicago River and Lake Michigan. I would not consider this hotel luxurious, but was nice (just nothing spectacular). The location of the hotel is prime. It is a short walk to north Michigan Ave., the Loop, and the museums.I encountered one small problem when my housekeeper threw away a grocery bag of snacks. This matter was resolved quickly and courteously by the housekeeping manager.We were happy with the hotel and would stay here again	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful location in heart of Chicago!!	The service was excellent, we had booked the room online with our flight, got a great rate for 4 days. Our room was nice, had a fridge with treats, which we used for our leftovers. The lobby had a coffee shop and there were restaurants in the hotel. Our room overlooked the Chicago River and the Chicago skyline, it was fabulous to look out at night. The bed was comfortable with a variety of pillows, the room was clean. The concierge service was a great help in locating how to get places, particularly whether to use our bus pass or walk. Usually it was quicker to walk and they verified the safest routes for the evening. We were very close-2-3 blocks from Millenium Park and the trains. We didn't use the restaurants, they were too pricey, but there was a coffee shop 2 blocks away as well as a Houlihan's which was reasonable for a drink and meal.	
Oct 8 2009 	The location is great but services are pricy	We are students and went there for sightseeing. The hotel is near the loop and many places of interests. However, since we are on a tight budget, we paid extremely careful attention not to use additional room services. I think that a lower starred hotel which could provide free internet connection in rooms might be a better choice for students like us. Other than this, everything is nice.	
Oct 8 2009 	I would stay again..	We stayed here one night but it was great. Staff was great! and our room was a good view. We had a good time at the &quot;BIG&quot; bar and would recommend stopping in.	
Oct 8 2009 	hotel in perfect location for seeing and doing lots	The hotel was ideal for all we wanted to see and do while there. I wished we could have flown because parking was OUTRAGEOUSLY expensive to park our car and never use it. We walked everywhere. We paid extra for the view of Lake Michigan and so glad we did. Everyone was helpful and friendly. I didnt like being charged for internet and refridgerator use. The beds were super comfy and the rooms were very clean. Not enough drawer space for clothing but closet was large. Take extra hangers though.	
Oct 8 2009 	dingy run-down rooms with no air	The room was dingy and run down - it felt like staying in a cheap motel. The carpet was exceptionally worn, wallpaper peeling, bathroom grout dingy. The place felt like it hadn't been redecorated in 30 years. On top of that, the windows would not open (not unusual for a hig-rise hotel), and there was no air fan for ac or heat - how the temp control was supposed to work, I have no idea (they said 'radient cooling' whatever that is), but we had to call down to the front desk and ask for a floor fan to cool the room and have some air circulation. We even went so far as to prop the door open and put the fan in the fan in the door while we were in the room to not feel suffocated. So much for privacy.I can't comment on the food, because we ate out at every chance. Chicago has some fantastic food! And much of it within easy distance to the hotel. The hotel is in a good location, near the waterfront and millenium park, shopping and dining. The conference facilities were average, but frustrating because they were in the basement and cell phone reception was non-existent.I will never stay in this hotel again, especially for the price, because of the poor room quality.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice pleasant stay	Stayed here the week of Labor Day via a &quot;name your price&quot; site and for the price, the Hyatt exceeded our expectations. The property was clean the staff was courteous and the location central.There was a convention being hosted at the Hyatt while we there but it wasn't a problem. Also, just by coincidence, we were blocks away from Oprah's anniversary kickoff celebration. That was a bonus.We used the fitness center with nice new weight machines, plenty of cardio equipment with individual TVs and even connections to hook up your Ipod.We didn't dine at any of the on-site restaurants so we can't comment on them other than they were not inexpensive. The &quot;Big Bar&quot; was pretty cool. It is their on-site bar which is literally very big with a very &quot;big&quot; martini glass to greet you at the entrance. The one minor issue we had was the layout of the room. The nice large TV was positioned to the side of the bed which made it a little awkward to watch. I guess this was to make room for the pullout couch at the foot of the bed. Not a big deal since we were not in Chicago to watch TV :-)	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent customer service but watch their rates.	The Hyatt is located on the river downtown within walking distance of the Magnificent Mile, many restaurants, Millennium Park, and Navy Pier. I had an 18th floor room with river view and it was much more spacious and comfortable than the Allerton Hotel downtown. There are two towers, which got a bit confusing trying to navigate underground to get to an adjoining office building. But there is a cozy Irish pub (O' Daddy's) and the very trendy (and pricey) Big Bar, known for fancy cocktails. There is also a steakhouse that looked pretty upscale, and I didn't try it since I was alone. For breakfast, the lobby cafe is fast and convenient for coffee, bagels, etc. Be prepared to pay for internet anywhere in the hotel. I avoided this by going pretty much anywhere else, like coffee shops, bars nearby that have free wifi. the downside; I got back home and looked at the bill in more detail. I was not prepared for what the single rate was, with no extras at all. My company and I researched it to make sure I was not overcharged. What I was charged per night was nearly twice what was listed on the internet for the same room. Apparently for these particular weeknights in late September, all hotels in that area were charging that much, and this was even the cheapest. There are always conferences going on in Chicago, but I still don't know why these nights were so hot. Maybe something to do with the Olympics? The upside: the helpful staff. I realized on the flight home I left my cell phone in my room. I called when I got home and security found it and assured me it was in a safe. Customer service took my information and made arrangements with FedEx for me to have it shipped home. I opted for overnight delivery and received it right on time, intact. I was sure it was going to be broken. I was really in a panic about it getting stolen, so it was reassuring to know they were taking care of it.They are also on the Go Airport Shuttle's route if you are flying in/out of O'Hare.	
Oct 8 2009 	A great Stay....great hotel and great location	We stayed at the Hyatt Regency...we actually found a great deal and we had a wonderful stay. We read some reviews before so we asked for a renovated roon with a great view and we were very pleased....a couple of us even got a huge suite for the same price! service is very good, rooms are big enough and very clean. Perfect location	
Oct 8 2009 	This hotel was really nice and had a convenient location but expect to pay for all amenities!	The location of the hotel was amazing, very central. We were very happy with our room and the location. However, expect to pay high fees for all amenities that you may want. It is really expensive to park there. You have to pay for wireless and you even have to pay use the refrigerator.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice hotel in GREAT central location!	My husband &amp; I visited Chicago for our anniversary in September. I was able to get a great rate for the Hyatt on Priceline.com. The hotel was clean, the rooms were nice and the service was good. If you are looking for something unique or swanky this is not it. The Hyatt is a perfectly nice, above average hotel, but is not special. While in our room, we could have been in any city, but our view was decent &amp; we spent most of our time out and about. Transportation is nearby &amp; there is lots to see and do within walking distance. One downside...the parking is extremely expensive, even if you are a guest. I would recommend parking down a couple of blocks in a parking structure. We really enjoyed our stay &amp; could not have found a better hotel for the price we paid.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great Location No atmosphere Tired	Stayed for four nights. Excellent location to most things we wanted to see including Navy Pier, the Loop, Millenium Park, Theatre district etc. Conference style hotel with more than 2000 guests. Room tired , furntiture dented and carpet dirty. Bed comfy and plenty of pillows, towels etc. Long corridors that lack any character more like cilivised prison. Guest nearby with dog barking quite often. Couldn't wait to get out of the hotel each day as crowds constantly milling around waiting for shuttle buses, on their blackberrys, talking business etc.The hotel bills you $25 per day if you put anything in their bar fridge in the room.No free internet to check your email.	
Oct 6 2009 	Expected a great stay and I got one.	Nice place for business travel. Utterly bland for vacations, leisure, etc... The locations is a dead zone at the end of Wacker, a little depressing. Also, the view of neighboring condos is voyeuristic, and a bit strange.That said, the food is pretty good (hey, it's Chicago, the food is good even when it's bad) and the rooms are renovated, spacious and comfortable. Beds were very nice.They do a nice job with business travelers - a safe choice. They &quot;get it.&quot;	
Oct 6 2009 	Paper Thin Walls	First let me start out by saying that I am a Hyatt Gold Passport member and stay in Hyatt hotels in other cities when I travel.This was our third stay at this particular hotel and needless to say the most disappointing. Let me rewind the tape. Last year we stayed in this hotel just before Christmas . The location is excellent for shopping and the rooms have a very good view. Unfortunately our stay was spoiled by a late night party that the hotel staff could not get under control. To their credit they provided us with a complimentary nights stay should we return, which we did last week. When we checked in this time we reminded them of the problem we had last year and asked them to locate us into a room that would hopefully be very quiet this time around. All was going great until approximately 1:30 am when we heard a man scream very loudly from the room next door. This was followed by deep moans, groans,and screams from a women and it was obvious there was some very intense business going on . Now this was not just any ordinary session taking place-it was right out of the movies and went on for what seemed to be an eternity. I am not criticizing what consenting adults do in the privacy of their own room but the walls of this hotel are paper thin and what should have been private was anything but-and I mean this was REALLY LOUD. When we checked out in the morning we were asked how our stay was and again offered a complimentary stay and breakfast with their deepest apologies. So let me wrap it up and summarize-This hotel is in a great location and the staff (especially Maria) are top notch. We love Stetsons restaurant. And the morning breakfast buffet was fantastic. But if you are looking for a quiet night and a good nights rest it is a real crap shoot.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great Hotel	We arrived at 10:30 am on a Friday, and they had a room ready for us by 11:30 am, mind you check in is not until 3:00pm. We got our room on Priceline for $65.00 per night and stayed 3 nights. We were upgraded - for free - to a suite. I think I was so blown away by that, that I forgot to thank them at check-in! Our room was fantastic. It also had a wet bar and a fridge. The bathroom was quite large and had a nice sized closet with many hangers. I knew from previous reviews to not touch the mini-bar. The bed and pillows were very comfortable. The room was very clean. Every employee there went out of their way to be friendly and helpful. We stayed on the 25th floor of the east tower and had a quiet room. Yes, you could hear people in the hallways, but only because they were rude and were yelling. These were not children, they were adults. I don't know why everyone complains about $48 for parking. This is Chicago and every other hotel we saw charged just as much, some without in/out privledges.We didn't use any of the restaurants or the health club. We tried to eat at the Corner Bakery but it was too crowded. Breakfast at nearby Houlihan's had a buffet for $9.99 per person. Also the grocery store behind the hotel is great. There is a 7-11 not too far away.I don't know why there are so many bad reviews on this hotel. Yes, it's a big hotel. If you don't want a busy lobby, don't stay in a 2,000 plus room hotel!! I loved the Hotel and would recommend it to anyone. Not one problem. Wasn't too busy for me. Would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Oct 5 2009 	Why do I have to drink DECAF?	The Hyatt Regency Chicago on E. Wacker is, admittedly, the largest hotel in Chicago. Still, is there any reason why their coffee service has only 1 single serving of regular coffee and 1 of decaf? I thought this was just a housekeeping oversight (which a call down to housekeeping failed to rectify), but when we changed rooms on Day Two (in order to get a king bedded room), we realized that this is the normal set up. Apparently you can only have one caffeine addict in the family. Also, you have to reconcile yourself to wet hair when you shower, as they do NOT provide shower caps. Also, I do not know if this true for all king-bedded rooms, but in ours (East Tower), the bed is at right angles to the very large flat screen TV. You have to be gymnasts to watch TV whilst in bed.On the handy side, there are two computers next to the concierge's desk where you can print out your boarding passes. The bell caps do a yeomans' job handling mountains of luggage left by.....all those people who are out looking at the city before their late flight.The hotel is well served by cabs and the location is pretty much as central as you can be.The architectural boat tours leave from the riverfront just below the hotel (the River Walk is very pleasant also) and are highly recommended.	
Oct 5 2009 	surprisingly good	The hotel is huge-has east and west wings. It's a business/convention hotel but accomodating to family. Has refrigerator upon request. Has microwave and toaster in lobby for self service use. Food is expensive. Plenty of restaurants nearby. Very conveniently located to CTA train system. There is a small grocery and Walgreen nearby. From O'Hare airport take CTA blue line and exit Clark (cost $2.25). From there take taxi or walk about 6 blocks to hotel. Have fun!	
Oct 3 2009 	"Hotel security"?!?!	I had to (reluctantly) switch from the wonderful Peninsula to the Hyatt Regency on Wacker for financial reasons. My husband, who made the reservation, was in conference. I had to move our stuff from the other hotel and check in, which I did, with absolutely no problems. My six year old son and I put away our things and went out for a day of museum-hopping. Meanwhile my husband's conference ended and he needed to get changed out of his business suit, but had no key. He explained to the concierge and they gave him two new room keys. When my son and I came to the room, he had left for dinner already and my two keys were inactivated, so I could not get inside the room. I went downstairs to get new keys, explaining that I suppose when my husband got his keys, mine we inactivated, and the concierge refused to give me new keys or let me in the room because my name (same last name, though!) wasn't on the reservation. I was, needless to say, furious. They explained that it was for security purposes. I then explained forcefully that that was bull because if they were so concerned about security, they wouldn't have let a six foot five man into a room that a 115 lb woman and small child had already checked into, I mean hey, that's SAFE, right? They finally acquiesced to let me in IF I could prove that my stuff was in the room. What an idiotic policy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!One other note, there were no less than THREE pubic hairs stuck to the bathtub when I checked in, Disgusting!!!!	
Sep 30 2009 	Motel 6 in Downtown Chicago	The rooms are nothing special. They were relatively clean but you might as well be in a motel off I-80, there's really no difference. They're due for a renovation (and we found out that there are plans to renovate much of the hotel next year). Location is great. Try to find a deal if you plan on staying here because it would be a shame to spend anything more than $100 a night on a standard room. We got a deal at Priceline so no complaints.Breakfast buffet is over $20pp and room service breakfast is also outrageously priced but you're in Chicago. Parking @ the hotel is $38 per night (with unlimited in/out privileges) but if you're planning on just parking your car and not using it, the lot right next to the hotel on Wacker Drive charges $30 per 24 hours so you can save a few buck doing that.	
Sep 30 2009 	Mediocre Hotel with Good Customer Service	This is a huge hotel in a very nice location. Pretty much everything is within a fairly walkable distance. Rooms are 'fine', decorated nicely but obviously see a LOT of traffic in and out. Extremely noisy - at all times in the room ... I could hear full conversations from the hallway and conversations from the neighbors ... including their bathroom use and flushing, I could even hear the elevator going up/down and floor stops. This becomes extremely irritating after about an hour. Bathrooms could use some major updating. I hate mold in the shower and cracks in joints and floor. Also, $13.00 a day for wifi is ridiculous, $25.00 a day charge to keep food or drinks in the mini fridge is ridiculous, immediate charge for touching or picking anything up in fridge ... due to weight sensors .... ridiculous!!!Customer Service wise - everyone I encountered was friendly, smiling and helpful at all times. No problems in this area. Generally, pretty much everyone I encountered in this city was friendly!!Tip - I asked the front desk for a floor fan to drown on the noise. Great call!! Worked perfectly!	
Sep 30 2009 	Noisy West Tower	Was there attending a conference, so paid full price for a standard room in the west tower($300per nite). Not as lucky as those getting a room for $70. a night. The room had a nice view , looked out on the river toward Navy Pier on the 6th floor. Decor had not changed since the last time stayed there about 10 years ago. Control of the heating/cooling lacked. The room was always too warm, no matter the setting. Room was very noisy. Could hear water flowing through the sewer pipes. Also could hear the bathrooms being used on both sides of the room as well as conversations. Brought to attention of the front was told that was a common problem. Was informed that the west tower is slated for updating. Was offered a cup of coffee in the lobby restaurant as compensation for the noise by the front desk.Location is great. Just off Michigan Avenue, over looking the river. Its close to many attractions, restaurants, etcIf you get a room for $70 on priceline take it. Paying full price, check out other hotels in the area. Parking is $48 per night.Do not know how the east tower is but avoid the west tower .	
Sep 29 2009 	Great location and view	I booked a room through Priceline for $75 and later read I might've gotten it for $60. Anyway we were happy with the room and had a great view of the river, water taxis, Hancock Center, part of the Wrigley Building, from the 23rd floor -- beds and pillows were very comfortable, AC worked quite well. Restaurant over-priced -- go to nearby Corner Bakery and Cafe for breakfast. Great location if you want to use the Water Taxis and catch the architectural boat tours, both of which depart from right in front of the hotel. We were told the hotel is soon to undergo a complete remodel. Our room was nice but the toilet was a bit stained and sometimes didn't flush well. We could hear thumps and bumps from other rooms plus loud people in the hall one night.	
Sep 28 2009 	Watch for hidden fees	Our stay at the Hyatt was great and the hotel itself was wonderful. It is a very busy hotel and tends to have a lot of people in the lobby area. We had a wonderful stay and thanks for those reviews that advised to be careful of the mini bar. We did not open it which was great as there was a sign on it that said anything that gets moved in the mini bar could cause a charge to your account. We also discovered that if you place a local call that there is a $1.00 connection fee that they do not tell you about until after you make the call. So be careful not to use the phones. Also, we were not aware that there were two levels for valet parking. We waited in the main lobby for our car and was told it was waiting downstairs. The valet did eventually bring it up to us. Also, valet pricing is $48.00 a night so be carful with that and the only city parking that they recommended was two blocks away. It was well worth the $48.00 a night. Great hotel and will stay again but will not use the phone.	
Sep 28 2009 	Good location and view but busy and noisy	The hotel was doing an offer where there were offering a Regency Club room for the same price as a standard room. We decided to take up this option and ended up with a room on the 34th floor (Room 3420) which had a great view out over the river and Navy Pier.The room itself was exactly as the pictures on the website portrayed with a nice comfortable bed. There was a safe in the room which meant we could safely stow away our valuables and this was big enough to hold our cameras as well as cash etc.The only criticisms of the hotel was it was extremely busy and noisy, we had heard it described as a railway station and this rang true. We were also in the West Tower and trying to get the lift to our floor took a long time as they were extremely busy.We made use of the Regency Club lounge but as the promotion was being offered by the hotel it was extremely busy in the evening with nowhere to sit until other guests had finished. We spent our time in the adjoining business centre on the PC to kill a bit of time.It was quieter in the morning but we were there fairly early as we didnt get a good nights sleep with other guests returning to their rooms at all hours of the night  and not being quiet about it.	
Sep 28 2009 	Can a Hotel Be "Too Nice" ?	I guess some hotels are &quot;too fancy&quot; to have complimentary breakfast (this one's is $22 per person), free wireless Internet ($13 a day), or free parking ($48 a night for paying guests). The water pressure was mediocre and the room temperature was always a little too warm. What you're really paying for is the location, which is very good, and there are five restaurants attached to the hotel. The experience of walking through the lobby is spectacular; however, you can get that experience for free without staying here. Overpriced; I would not stay here again.	
Sep 24 2009 	Very Good Location Fine Service Comfy Room	The hotel was well located in downtown Chicago. Close to Navy Pier and Millennium Park. Several buses stopped across the street from the hotel, and the El (subway) was about 3 blocks away. Just down the street from several architecturally significant buildings!In-hotel Starbucks, restaurant, and large bar. Breakfast buffet (one block away) at Houlihan's Pub was a great value!The room was adequate with a king bed and flat screen tv. Internet was provided at a fee. Beware of the mini bar....we opened it to chill a bottle of water we brought and wound up having to remove charges from our hotel bill!	
Sep 23 2009 	Great location	Great central location in the Loop, in walking distance to the shops on Michigan Ave. to the north and the Art Institute to the south. A little difficult to get to by train, though it's theoretically possible; we ended up taking a cab a few blocks.Only stayed one night so can't give too much detail but I have no complaints. Very basic but nice. Defintely not worth the list price of around $300 but I got the room for $100 on Hotwire so I was satisfied.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great Location!	Older nice hotel. Do not open the mini bar, if you move anything it will automatically be added to your bill (ie; the $5 snickers bar and $25 bottle of mini wine). The hotel has all the amenities, except a pool. It had a very nice gym for a hotel, with several different types of aerobic and weight machines. We didnt eat at the restaurant because there were so many other great places in town but they looked good from the outside. We had a terrific view of the river from our room. At first the motel seemed overstaffed but it turned out that they were extremely helpful and attentive, even with the bellman telling us where we could park for free  which was a bargain when the valet was $48/night! If you can avoid having a car in Chicago you would be better off. Theres a metro and plenty of taxis, and lots to do downtown within walking distance.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great Location!	We stayed here for two nights and had just the one day to explore Chicago. The hotel was perfectly located for seeing everything downtown. Right on the river across from the mag. mile- we loved taking the riverwalk down to the lake. The room was nice enough, and we got it for $70/night on priceline so well worth it. Views of the lake or river cost more, but our view of the downtown wasn't bad and the room was bright with big windows making up most of one wall. Smelled a little stale, but clean otherwise.	
Sep 10 2009 	Great stay	On our visit to Chicago, we chose the Hyatt due to its location in downtown, within walking distance to most major attractions, such as Sears Tower, Magnificent Mile, Grant/Millenium Parks, etc. Subway &amp; bus stops very close by to travel to other locations in the city . Overall the hotel was very nice, clean, and at a great location. Was in a safe area. Went to beautiful Wrigley Field and Soldier Field and saw both teams play. I love Chicago and would defenitely stay here again!	
Sep 9 2009 	Massive Hotel with everything and a great location	This is the biggest hotel in Chicago, with 2 30+ floor towers, with all the amenities one could wish for. It is well located, on the south bank of the Chicago River, 2 minutes walk from Michegan Avenue and the magnificent mile, with Millenium Park and Chicago's Navy Pier within walking distance. Rooms are modern, beds comfortable, and views generally spectacular. Our room had a mini-bar and large flat screen TV- but they are that not well lit: bedside lamps, a standard lamp and desk top reading light struggled to lift the gloominess of lack of a central ceiling light.The only serious negative we found were the in house food prices. Two eggs, cooked any style -15 US dollars. Unless laid by the Golden Goose these are very poor value- so breakfast was taken at the Corner Bakery (open from 7) at the junction of East Wacker Drive and Michegan Avenue- at one quarter of the price.	
Sep 7 2009 	Shopping Trip!	Got a great deal through Trip Advisor site link to Hotels.com, less than 200 for 2 nights. Room was huge, view towards Soldier Field and tea and coffee maker in room (rare these days outside UK) which was replaced each morning. TV was massive , shame no UK channels though. Adequate bath and shower and toiletries replaced daily even if not needed! As a business hotel they have 2 PC's dedicated to online check in so you can print the boarding pass off easily. OK, yeh its so vast that it is a little impersonal and on a Saturday night is teeming with people coming for wedding receptions etc or just to eat. But despite that it is efficient, if you need help you get it (albeit a bit of a wait sometimes) and you can check out online too using a stand alone machine. If you stay in the West Tower bit that is recommended. So would definitely recommend. If you get the offer we did snatch their hand off.Location isnit out of the way as stated previously. 5 mins from a Giordanos deep dish pizza outlet (you must have one!) and 5 mins to Wrigley Building and the start of Mag Mile. It overlooks the river if you get a front view and also another 10 mins and you are in the Loop. Covers all bases in my opinion.	
Sep 6 2009 	This is a great hotel with a great location for sight seeing	We got this place for a steal on priceline ($70 a night). It was very centrally located in the loop and was very close to shops, restaurants and river. It was a VERY large hotel that obviously accommodates to Chicago tourists. We were there during a Cubs home game and the lobby was FILLED with Cubs fans. The facilities were very clean, staff was super nice and the rooms clean (our bed was temperpedic). The down sides were anything extra you need at the hotel (wifi, food, or business center) is very expensive. You would be better suited to stop at the Walgreens or 7-11 a block away to get food and\or drinks. Internet was $7 for 15mins. They did, however, have free plane check in computers.All in all, this was one of our favorite places we have stayed (we travel to Chicago every year to visit family).	
Sep 5 2009 	A great place to stay for the price. close to everything	This may not be the fanciest hotel youll ever stay at. But its very well kept good service. The beds are nice. The bathroom is nothing special, but everything is clean and nice. We are triple A members and got a room for like 127 a night and FREE parking! so that was fantastic. I would definately stay again when we go back to chicago.	
Sep 4 2009 	Fabulous experience with exceptional river view.	Moved from neighboring Fairmont to gain internet access. Was expecting a downgrade in terms of personalized service due to the size of the hotel. Not so. The front desk staff addressed me by name my second trip through the lobby after registering. Business Center staff extemely courteous and accommodating. Fax machine needed ink cartridge replacement during my stay so couldn't receive incoming final invoice from the Fairmont and had to go back for it personally.The unsightly lobby filled with checked luggage wasa negative. Should offer concealed storage area or late checkouts/early check ins to avoid accumulation, and too many cars parked at the front entrance, detracting from the appearance.	
Sep 2 2009 	If your expecting 4-5 star....look elsewhere	We stayed at the Hyatt over a long weekend. We travel frequently to Chicago and have stayed in many different hotels. This one by far, was my least favorite. The rooms need updated. The bathroom is very old school with poor quality towels, cracks in the sink and tiles and no fan! The customer service was by far the worst part. The lines to check in at the front desk were long the entire time we were there. The Concierge phone line kept ringing and when you went down to ask a question...be prepared for another long line. The luggage storing was also inadequate. The room where you store luggage was full so there was an overflow area they had roped off in the middle of the hotel. Although there was an attendant, your luggage and personal belongings were out in the open for everyone to see. The walls are thin and door closings very loud so be prepared to hear this at all hours. The location is close to millenium park and the theater district but you are on the far end of Michigan Ave. We got a great deal thru Hotwire but even with the low rate, I would not want to stay here again. I recommend The Affinia or The James. They are worlds apart from this huge hotel where customer service and nice ammenties are lacking....You are just a number here.	
Sep 2 2009 	Decent HUGE hotel but not ideal for city visit	We got a great deal on Priceline for this place - so we did not have 100% say in where we stayed. Overall this was a nice place but for tourists who wanted to see the city, it was a bit out of the way. It was also huge and had lots of sections. They were doing construction on the west tower (i think). It's really not a 4 star hotel. The service was decent. We stopped into the atrium for breakfast and it was around $15 for pancakes and $22 for a buffet - no thanks.The rooms were really nice and large.	
Sep 1 2009 	Hotel Overbooked-Confirmed-reservation room not available-no refund	Arrived late in the evening for prepaid room to be told that the hotel was overbooked. Had to drag luggage 2 blocks to another hotel. Was told refund would be made-no refund yet-they don't even respond. If you need a room for sure, for a business meeting or whatever-book somewhere else. Other people had same problem. Hotel itself is warn and rundown.	
Sep 1 2009 	No big complaints	We stayed here for a single night on Saturday, August 29th. The room was $70, including tax, through Priceline which I thought was a good value. Check in was a breeze and we received a free upgrade from a standard double to a standard King. The room worked out fine although I agree with the earlier comment that the bathroom needed a fan. I found that a bit odd for a major chain hotel.The facility is massive which can make it seem rather impersonal but the first floor bar was jam packed very late Saturday night. Rather than use the valet parking, we used the Millenium Garage a few block south of the hotel. It was $25 for the day to park.I would stay here again for the price.	
Aug 31 2009 	Upmarket barracks	This is an accommodation factory. Efficient, impersonal, cost-controlled. The individual staff were fine, but the place has no other attractions. The best example is the notice on the mini-bar. If you put anything in it to cool, they will charge you $25 for the violation and the cleaner will throw it out anyway. Nice.The room was fine and comfortable, it looks like they refurbished fairly recently. The conference rooms were dungeons, too far below ground to get a cell signal.On the other hand, it's a very central location.	
Aug 30 2009 	One of the best High Class Hotels	nice Seeview, Tropical at the Lounge, best Steaks in Town	
Aug 28 2009 	Very nice hotel with great location	Stayed at the Hyatt while doing some site seeing. The room was large and comfortable. The only thing I didn't like was there is no fan in the bathroom. We had a few mainly of the adjacent building, but we could see a little of the Chicago River and the Michigan Avenue Bridge. The location is definitely the best part of the hotel. You are minutes from many of Chicago's downtown attractions. We saw everything we wanted to see and never needed to use public transportation. As stated before, the walls are quite thin, but my friend brought earplugs with, so I never had a problem. The worst thing about the hotel was the elevator situation. We were on a higher floor and there were times we had to wait quite a while for an elevator. But all in all, I would say I had a good experience and would stay here again.	
Aug 26 2009 	Good deal	My husband and I spent 3 nights in Hyatt Regency, Chicago and I thought it was not bad. I like the set up of the lobby, fountain and restaurant on the 1st floor. Our front desk lady and the concierge were very helpful. Don't open and/or remove anything in the mini bar unless you really-really need it. A can of pepsi can cost you about $8. We paid $60/night through Priceline -- the actual price for the room is around $179/night. The room setup is a little weird, not a perfect square nor rectangle, a big TV on a side desk, 1 chair &amp; a flimsy door connected to the other room. Our room was in the corner of 15th floor facing wacker street. We're glad we didn't have neighbor until the last night b/c they were gossiping the whole night. Everything they said, I heard it. I wish the walls weren't that thin! The staffs were very helpful, we didn't need them to clean our room since we got up pretty late and I wasn't comfortable to have someone else in the bedroom while we were getting ready. We didn't take our car since the parking fee is $48/night. Thank God for iPhone, it costs $14/day to get internet access in the hotel room. We brought breakfast food from home so we didn't have to go out for that. There is Walgreen and a grocery store named Bockwinkel if I am not mistaken, located on the street behind the hotel. We didn't get to go there but we saw it and it looks like they have anything you need. Navy Pier and Millennium park are walking distance. Overall, it was a nice stay. Definitely use Priceline or similar websites to get lower price.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great place great location...no problems	Like a few others I went to the Hyatt kind of expecting a dump because of all the negative posts. No unusual problems...elevators were quick, service was good, room was clean, bed was comfy, I didn't encounter noise problems and I saw several room service trays in our hallway in the morning so I know we weren't alone up there. We had a south view which was all they had available when we checked in but no big deal. The only problem I would point out was Daddy O's was supposed to be open until 1am and when we walked in at 1210am they immediately told us they were closed even though there were several people in there....thought that was really rude...they directed us to the Big Bar that stays open until 2am and they were a little rude as well....the waitress came up to me before we even had our food and said &quot;I need your credit card now&quot; and I replied &quot;Could I at least see the bill first?&quot; ....strangeDefinitely avoid the $48/night parking unless you like the convenience of the valet. We paid $25/night at the Millennium parking complex about two blocks south of the hotel...saved us $75 for our three nightsThat grocery store right behind the hotel is awesome...Bockwinkels....Great location....hop out the door and walk a block to Michigan Ave....just four blocks from the El station which was also nice....we'll definitely be back to the Hyatt	
Aug 25 2009 	Excellent Hotel in downtown Chicago	I spent 5 nights at Hyatt Regency in August. I was there for a conference in the hotel. Very good location, everything is in walking distance, the foundation tour by boat, the double deck tour bus, the Sears Tower (now called Willis Tower), the Millennium Park etc. I just need to walk across the road, down 1 level to find the ticket booth and got on the boat. It called Chicago first lady. The tour took about 2 hours. The thing I like is that the hotel concierge provided you all the information you need for anything in Chicago, downtown or uptown. They gave you all ready printed information sheet of address, bus number, or what train or s simple map etc. When I arrived, there was something wrong with our booking but the staff were really nice and attentive. It did take a long time before my problem was fixed but I was pleased with the attitude of the check-in counter staff. The room is excellent. It has big TV, Ipod dock, safe box, the pressing equipment. The bathroom is a bit worn out and the bathtub is too small, at least in my opinion. Further, the shower is stuck to the wall so I didn't enjoy the shower very much. But it is just a minor. The room is clean. The house keeping staff is nice and helpful. However, there was a small accident to me during my stay. On the day I had to make my presentation, they couldn't find out where my suit was. It was supposed to arrive 6AM but I waited till 9 and had to leave without wearing any suit. It was really annoying in the beginning. Finally, the service manager came up to my room, offered apology as they outsourced the laundry service and that company failed to deliver on time. They offered to charge me nothing for the laundry with sincere apology. I think it is an acceptable attitude. But I do hope the hotel will improve this part of the service. We had breakfast at Bistro 151. It cost $25 (tax included but without gratuity). It was great with variety choices. I often woke up early and spent an hour for my breakfast. I felt great with full energy during the day.The restaurant at the 1st level is good too. It is not too expensive comparing to similar hotel elsewhere. The hotel also has Starbucks at first level where they sell some sorts of sandwiches, cookies, fruits. It is where you can save some cash when you are hungry at late hour and don't want to spend big cash on room service order of a superb. Sharing with some other reviews I saw, it didn't have a pool which it should have had one. The valet parking is quite expensive at $48 per night, but the boys are really nice and gentle. The only one thing I most dislike about the hotel is it was often too crowded at the lobby and the check-in counters and the concierge counters so most of the time, I had to wait for a long time when I wanted to ask anything or to communicate a problem with the front manager. Or perhaps it was those days with several conferences that resulted in over crowded inside the hotel. You can imagine the lobby as like a hypermarket with a special promotion campaign and full of people talking, chanting and waiving to have a big discount.	
Aug 20 2009 	The best value we found in Chicago!	We found a great internet special for the Hyatt Regency in Chicago at $119 /nt (plus tax). This hotel is within walking distance of virtually every major attraction in Chicago. The rooms are large, clean and well appointed. The staff is pleasant and helpful. We had a great view of the river. We visit Chicago regularly and will definitely be back at the Hyatt.	
Aug 19 2009 	5 Star Service	I can't say enough good things about the staff at this hotel. EVERYONE, and I mean EVERYONE from bellhop at curb, to checkin to conciarge, the bellhop inside, to resturant staff, to checkout went above and beyond what I would consider good service. The location is of course excellent. My room was upgraded to a river view. I was disappointed to find that some previous occupant had smoked in the room -- leaving a that stale smoke odor. The odor was most noticable after taking a shower. I told the staff upon leaving and they said they would clean it for the next person. I was also VERY annoyed that one couldn't use the minibar as a mini-fridge for one's own stuff. It contained a weight sensor -- if you removed anything you would be charged. If you added anything you would be charged $25. I didn't open the door and used the ice bucket as a cooler for a couple of sodas. Grump, grump.... This ranks right up there with charging for high-speed internet access (which I believe they also do -- I was traveling without a laptop) on my list of pet hotel peeves. My room included the contential breakfast which was quite a spread. For a bit more, one could upgrade to a hot breakfast that included smoked salmon (cold of course). I passed on the hot breakfast knowing I was going out for a Chicago stuffed pizza for lunch. I would stay here again and would recommend this hotel to others.	
Aug 19 2009 	What are you talking about?!?!	I honestly do not know what these people are complaining about. I have stayed at this hotel three times now and have always gotten good service and a clean comfortable room and I use Priceline! Check in was a super speedy breeze maybe all of 5 minutes since there was no one in line and I was checking in about 230-3pm. This is a huge convention hotel so there will be lots of people and yes like a typical hotel the bar and resteraunt will be over priced but you know what forget those plays! Go to the neighborhoods and chow down with the locals :) Now after checking in I boogied up to my room. Like my two other rooms it was spacious with slightly more then a sliver view of the river facing east and a view of the fire dept. down on the street and various buildings. I found the room generally clean and well kept. There were no scuff marks, burn holes and what not. My only gripe is the bath soaps they use. They are too perfumey and gave me a very bad headache. I had to run to the grocery store to grab some of my regular bath soap. But other then that I found this another great stay just like the rest. So those bad reviews, take with a small grain of salt cause they are most likely ocd anal folk who nit pick everything.	
Aug 19 2009 	Enjoyable experience	We got a great rate from Priceline so the high cost of valet parking ($48) didn't sting as much. We had two adjoining rooms to accomodate family. Not the best view, we looked out at an office building, but since we were there over a weekend the building was empty of workers two of the three days we stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago. The hotel location was great. We walked to MIllineum Park, and the river was just a step away so we could take a boat to Navy Pier for a very reasonable rate. Check-in was quick, concierage service was helpful, never had a problem with the elevators. During check-out time the elevators were fuller but nothing to complain about. When we did have to call for our vehicle we were always asked if we needed directions. Previous reviews warned use about the air conditioning and the mini bar. The air conditioner temp had to be set very low to make the room feel comfortable. The tag on the doors of the mini bar warn you that you will be charged based on weight of the items. If something is moved you will be charged and the rates are incredibly steep. We were traveling with an inquisitive three year old so we blocked both doors in each room with luggage so nothing could be accessed. We could have paid extra for a fridge to use during our stay but used a cooler instead. Ice was available on each floor. The beds and pillows were very comfortable. During our stay our room was cleaned daily and the hallways were cleaned and vacuumed regularly. We had to call for extra towels and the response was quick. We had help getting our bags to our room and when we checked out we were offered assistance several times. Only complaint is the lack of a pool, but we knew that going in. Having an in-room safe (free of charge) was a plus. Overall all, our stay was terrific and would definitely stay again.	
Aug 18 2009 	Had a great time	We stayed here becasue of a conference my husband was attending. Loved the location, while he was in meetings I went the tourist route. I was able to walk to Michigan Ave for shopping although I took a cab back to the hotel. Cabs were plentiful and reasonable.the concereige service was very good. I reserved boat tour tickets through the hotel seemed to get directions everyday. The lobby restaurant was good with huge portions but over priced. There were plenty of good restaurants in the area so we only went there once. Our room was spacious and the staff was nice, I forget a few things and they readily supplied them First hotel I've been in in awhile that also provided travel toothpaste along with the standard shampoo, condition and lotion. There was a card in the bathroom saying guests needed to request fresh linens, but we got fresh towels daily anyway without asking.	
Aug 17 2009 	GREAT location	We scored a GREAT rate on Priceline.com. Excellant location - close to everything!Check-in was a breeze. Room was nice (could use more drawers). If we had been paying full price we would have expected MUCH more. FYI:No shuttle service to/from anywhereNo poolNo one offered to carry in our bags (and we had quite a few)No free internet connectionNo free access to in-room safeMini bar takes up ENTIRE in-room fridge so bring a cooler for leftovers and drinksNo water/soda machines on floor - just iceRoom service dishes and trash in hallways throughout the stay - housekeeping needs to make rounds more oftenNo fan in bathroomsHousekeeping did not leave enough towels, soaps or glasses/cups for family of fourConcierge was out of City Pass tickets and did not have info regarding busses - would have saved us a TON of time waiting in line at venue to purchase.	
Aug 16 2009 	Prime Location cheap prices updated rooms excellent value!	I used priceline.com to book my room here and was shocked with how nice the room/hotel was for $62 per night on a weekend in August!Erin at the front desk put me in a corner room on the 19th floor (room 1901) which gave me a view of the river and a view of Navy Pier and the lake!While I agree that the walls are thin, I went to bed early (by chicago standards) at midnight and had absolutely no problem with noise.Elevators are very quick, too.I read in a previous review not to park here (because of a $48/day fee) so instead I drove to Midway Airport and parked economy for $14/day with a free shuttle to the terminal where I then took the Orange Line CTA into the loop for the hotel. Train rides are $2.25 one way and very easy to figure out. The Hyatt was only 3 quick blocks from the train stop.Bell desk kept my bag after checkout for me, coffee was available in my room, a/c worked great, beds comfy and the pillows were incredible!Contemporary updated design, small room was plenty large enough for 2 people. Since I was traveling alone I gave the front desk the freedom to put me in a room with any kind of bed. I received a room with a queen bed and a magnificent view (all for $62/night!)There are several restaurants in this hotel from Bistro 151, to Stetsons (steakhouse), to an Irish pub, and another sandwich place. Also, the bar called BIG also serves food until midnight, which I was happy to see as not many restaurants were open at midnight on Michigan Ave. I ordered the &quot;pizza of the day&quot; which was a pepperoni and sausage. It was hot, tasty, and prompt to our table and large enough to share with 2 people.Friendly, helpful, convenient hotel in the best location in the loop. Thumbs up!	
Aug 14 2009 	Waaaay Overpriced For What It Is	I arrived at Hyatt Regency Chicago to find that they had overbooked. They therefore paid for two night's accommodation at the Westin, before I came back to the Hyatt for three nights. The problem with that from the Hyatt's perspective is that Westin is much more contemporary, stylish, price effective, and the staff are friendlier. So on the comparison, Hyatt would have been better to keep me for the whole five nights as I had originally booked!Anyway, the Hyatt Regency has a few problems. The rooms look and feel as though they are from the 1970's. The shower head in my room was water and grime stained where it had been in use for so long. The toilet was also stained from years of use. Another problem was an over-zealous group of cleaners. They were desperately trying to kick you out of your room every morning so they could clean, and seemingly didn't understand when you told them to come back later on. Unless you stay on the top floors, you also need to be prepared to wait for long periods of time for the lifts, as they are almost certain to be full by the time they reach you. This can honestly result in a 10 minute wait. The staff weren't as friendly as at Westin either, and the selection of foods in the restaurant weren't as nice.Overall, I think you should save your money and go to another hotel. This one is in a good location, but has too much that is wrong with it to encourage anyone to stay there.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great Hotel	Great View of the Chicago River and the Magnificent Mile. It was very conveniently located and within walking distance of the River Walk and Magnificent Mile.	
Aug 10 2009 	Good Experience at the Hyatt Regency	We were very pleased with our experience at the Hyatt Regency. We booked the stay through Priceline with the help of www.biddingfortravel.com. We paid $65 per night. For that rate, I would have let fleas play shuffleboard on my shins, but the hotel was great. The front desk staff (Trinity) and concierge (John?) were very polite and helpful. We were in a corner room and heard nothing but normal hotel sounds. The room was clean and well maintained throughout our stay. This was not the fanciest hotel in the world, but it was just fine for a large urban hotel.	
Aug 6 2009 	NEVER AGAIN	Absolutely the pits. Just awful. Do not even consider. It was a complete nightmare and a terrible waste of money. I have received 10 times better customer service from walmart greeters. All of the staff are stuck up, slow to help, and refuse to resolve complaints/problems.My boyfriend and I wished we would have stayed at the comfort inn.	
Aug 5 2009 	Average hotel in above average location	Stayed at the Hyatt for a weekend get-away and was satisfied with the experience. The Hyatt has to be one of the biggest hotels in Chicago with 2 separate towers each over 35 stories tall. This is not a boutique or personal-service hotel. The hotel lobby is a two-story atrium that seems to be busy at all hours, more like an airport terminal than anything. Despite the size, the place seems to run pretty well. There were no problems with check-in or baggage. We were offered a newly-remodled room with less of a view or an older room with a better view. We took the newer and made a good choice. The furnishings were fresh and modern with dark woods, leather chair, flat panel TV, modern art and new carpet. The entire floor was airy and bright, not the sort of maroon carpet and cookie-cutter paintings you might expect. On the down side, the walls are a little thin and the hallways can be loud. We were stationed at the end of one of the H-shaped hallways, so noise wasn't a problem. It might be if you get a room on the main hallway or near the elevators. The elevators are what you expect in a hotel of this size: crowded and slow. There wasn't any real down side, but nothing spectacular either. We didn't really stay in the hotel other than to sleep, but we did have a drink at the &quot;Big Bar&quot; in the second floor atrium. It is, indeed, big. We were on one of the concierge floors, which entitled you to access to the 35th floor lounge. This had snacks and light meals during the day. We visited several times, and mainly refueled with soft drinks or juice. The snacks and meals weren't our speed since the place was crowded and we didn't go to Chicago to eat bagels in the hotel. One suprise plus was the view (even though our room wasn't supposed to have much of a view). We looked out onto the Michigan Ave. bridge and the Wrigley Building across the river. It was great to look out the window at all hours. That's really the best part of this property: It's steps away from both the Michigan Ave. shopping areas as well as the Loop and Millennium Park. You really don't need a car to get to either area. The overall impression is that this is a good hotel, but not so good that you'll want to stay on the property your entire trip.	
Aug 4 2009 	Fantastic Staff	The helpful staff made our stay pleasant. Our room was not ready at the requested (but not promised) 1pm check-in, or at 3pm (we had left the hotel, but I was expecting cellular notification), or at 5pm when we returned to the hotel. When we arrived at 1pm, a Customer Service rep took us in hand and was helpful. The same was true at 5pm. The hotel was fully booked. They did produce a room, not on a Regency Club floor, but one of the few rooms with a full unobstructed Lake Michigan/Navy Pier view looking down East Wacker Drive. House keeping could not have been better. The included breakfast (AAA rate) was one of best breakfast bufets anywhere.......included made to order omelets, Eggs Benedict, really good pancakes......The rooms and bathrooms are dated and could stand a remodel. They are decent sized. Ours was a standard double with two double beds, three chairs and a flat screen tv.Only four stars due to the dated and &quot;down at the heels&quot; appearance. In every other respect, this big convention hotel deserves five stars.	
Aug 4 2009 	gorgeous rooms friendly staff	we stayed here for a couple nights while we played tourist in downtown chicago. nabbed a sweet deal on hotwire for our stay.this hyatt is in a great area, just a couple blocks north of millennium park (location of the famous &quot;bean&quot;). we were able to walk all around the river, get to the L and bus lines easily and enjoyed the hustle &amp; bustle around the hotel.very friendly &amp; professional front desk staff.the room and bathroom are beautiful. the king bed was comfy, with lots of pillows. comfortable room temperature. only thing was we were located right next to the elevator, which was a bit noisy in the mornings. i'm sure you can request to be further down the hallway.	
Aug 3 2009 	disappointed	booked junior suite 3 weeks in advance and called ahead to have suite with a view of river to make engagement more sentimental...assured this would be done but was greatly disappointed and offered only a business suite with no view or small regular room with a view next to service elevator...thanks for nothing and making my once in a lifetime evening a little less special...i think another hotel would have definitely been more helpful and accomodating...the staff didn't seem too concerned about helping me (definitely not the Ritz !!)	
Aug 3 2009 	Great Hotel Great Deal!	Excellent Hotel for the price. Do not stay there for more than 150/night. But great location, good service and staff was excellent! They were very helpful including the concierge. Yes, parking is a bit of a hassle cause of $ 48 for 24 hrs. But honestly no need for a rental car if you you stay there due to its proximity of everything. People have complained about little things here on tripadvisor but come on guys you can't ask for everything you want. If that's the case then stay home..lolTip: Go to Walgreens and get a variety pack of granola bars for breakfast/Starbucks in the lobby of the hotel is best for coffee and eat your granola bar in the grand atrium lobby.Since you dont need rental just take the Chicago Trolley &amp; Double Decker tour for sightseeing.If you decide to take the &quot;EL&quot; train into downtown from midway, make sure you have exact change. $2.25 per person. best mode of transportation from Midway.Overall, Chicago is a great city. You cannot get bored! Enjoy &amp; stop complaining!	
Aug 3 2009 	Way underrated!	This is a very nice and perfectly located hotel. I arrived to find I had been booked twice, and the problem was taken care of immediately. My colleague requested lake view but all that was left was &quot;partial lake view&quot;, which turned out to be ^maybe^ 1 degree of lake view - don't bother! I made no special requests and ended up with a really lovely city view facing north of the river, and on the fifth floor. My colleague's double room was ok, but my king room was much better due to the nicer layout: the bed is facing the window, with plenty of room for the sofa and chair, and nice desk area. One tip: get on the elevator on the first floor, not the second floor where you register. Otherwise you will have to wait awhile if the hotel is full.The best thing about this hotel was the price: I got it through Priceline at a price so low I'm embarrassed to put it here. Lets just say its got to be the deal of the city, by a long shot. I've been given to understand that locals have discovered the low price and are staying there themselves. Given the low low price, I have to say to all of the negative reviewers, give it a rest!	
Aug 2 2009 	Hyatt Regency	We booked this a few days in advance on priceline and got a great deal. This hotel was great, the staff was nice, the location was good, and the rooms were great. The hotel is within walking distance of Navy Pier and other sites. There are a few restaurants in the hotel, but we did not eat at any of them. Our room was comfortable, quiet, and had a view of the river.	
Jul 29 2009 	Location was great and perfect for our sightseeing trip.	My teenage boys (13 and 15) and I stayed for 2 nights at the Hyatt. We had no trouble checking in but we did see that the front desk at the east tower was very busy (we did check in at the west tower....no lines) and our room was just fine. We had a room with two double beds. The location was wonderful. We ate deep dish pizza at Giordanos around the corner and there is a great grocery store just down the street where we purchased bagels, cream cheese and croissants for breakfast. They also have a good selection of fruit and pre-made food. Good selection of wine and when I called room service for a cork screw they were up within minutes. My boys heated up pizza in the microwaves in the lobby and there is a Starbucks for coffee. I had a room at the end of a hall and did hear some slight noise in the morning but nothing I couldn't live with. We walked to the Navy Pier, the Willis (formerly Sears) Tower and the Mile. We also took a water taxi to the Field Museum. Checkout was quick. My bathroom sink drained slow and I informed the front desk upon checking out (I figured no one had told them).	
Jul 29 2009 	Great hotel in a fantastic location!	Booked this on priceline for an insanely low price of $65 a night. The BF and I were amazed when we got there--the person checking us in was friendly and helpful to suggest some local nightspots and the room was gorgeous! A nice upscale, downtown feel and super comfy beds. We had a fabulous view from the 25th floor that inlcluded a sliver of Lake Michigan, a sliver of the Taste of Chicago crowds, and some friendly office workers in the builiding next door who waved to us a few times. Seriously. We had a pretty anonymous experience the rest of our stay--which was fine with us. The hotel consists mainly of 2 towers and is like a huge, sprawling city inside. But we weren't there to stay in the hotel room the entire time...we like to get out and explore as much as possible. The location was fantastic. Easy walking distance to Michigan Avenue and the rest of downtown. We walked for blocks well into the night and never felt like we needed a cab. I also highly recommend the Urban Cruise on the river (the entrance is right across from the hotel)--we saw some amazing architecture from the boat and got to cruise Lake Michigan a bit too. Don't park your car here if you don't need to--it's very expensive. Park downtown or ditch the rental car--you won't need it anyway, you can walk to tons of stuff or grab a cab. Love Chicago and totally recommend this hotel!	
Jul 29 2009 	Large Convention Hotel in Need of Upgrade	The Hyatt Regency is a large, convention style hotel, that is located just off of Michigan Avenue in the midst of downtown Chicago.The hotel is huge and there a multiple towers within the hotel complex. The first floor of the hotel has an open, casual restaurant and some sitting areas while the lobby is on the second floor. A bar called Big is on the second floor and had a neat vibe.The room was decent. The bathroom was not grand or large but efficient. The bed was comfortable and was in the middle of the room with a large desk area behind it. The TV is HD. Large windows showed a nice view of the lake from my room. There was slight problem with the air conditioning and it did not keep the room cool enough most of the stay. The staff was great all around. Did not eat at the restaurants as there are amazing choices in downtown Chicago (a great meal at Shaws Crab House).The workout facility was efficient and the machines seemed to be fairly new and in working order.Overall, the hotel is getting old and is need of some upgrading. There are some better choices in the area (like the Fairmont around the corner) but if you can get a good price (we paid an average of about $150 per night) or have a convention in the hotel, it is fine.	
Jul 29 2009 	Surprisingly Impressed	The room was booked through a discount Web site at a very good price.Upon check-in, there was a guest complaining to the manager about her experience. I thought, is this going to be the beginning of MY experience? It was not.The service was fine; I requested additional coffee packs and they came quickly and plentiful. The room was clean and updated. Funny, they updated the bath but kept the old tub and tile surround. It was still clean.Great location by the river and very close to Millennium Park. They do have a 24hr. fitness center, but I did not use it.I would say the best was the room; I had a corner room that I enjoyed. The least? The large dated lobby with many guests. It was loud and airport like.	
Jul 27 2009 	Won't be my first choice for any future stays in the city	The Hyatt Regency is in an excellent location with great views of the river and the city, but the enormous size of the hotel makes the lobby feel more like an airport terminal and the rooms are not at all soundproof making a good night sleep quite difficult.	
Jul 27 2009 	Nightmare on Wacker Dr	I booked 2 rooms in this hotel because I got a very good rate to want seemed to be a very nice hotel. The full amount was charged to my credit card about 10 days prior to arrival, althought there was no indication on the reservation that it was a prepaid rate. I thought of calling but since it was a vacation trip and I would have to pay for it anyway, I did not call. Got to the check-in counter at about 9PM on a Tuesday and after a couple of minutes of &quot;I have to check something&quot;, I was told that they were overbooked and they would send me to another hotel for the night and give me my rooms the following day. Of course I did not accept that arrangement, specially since they had already charged me for the rooms. After about half an hour of discussion, asking for the manager (which very conveniently the clerck told me she was the manager) they would simply not give me any rooms, so I relented and asked where would the put me for the night, only to be told that they would send me to the Hyatt in O'HARE????? What???? There must be some crazy manager running that place. I vehemently oppsosed and told them I would not go anywhere until they gave me my rooms that were already paid for. After some 15 more minutes of talking &quot;in the back&quot; they decided to give me one room with 2 full beds for 4 adults. I'm 6'2&quot; and my son is 6'. I don't know how they expected us to fit in there. I finally arranged for the kids (both 18) to sleep over at a relative's living room. They also offered free internet during my stay (never happened) and a $75 credit towards food or drinks in the hotel (never happened either). At 7AM the next morning I was at the counter to get my 2 rooms and I was told that if someone checked out they would let me know...what???? I took a deep breath and went up to the regency club (I had reserved regency club rooms) for some coffee only that the key card would not allow me in. Went down again and another lady told me this time that they would give me 2 rooms on the east tower (not regency club), so I felt a little better. She changed my key and I got access to the regency club. After we got back to the hotel the gave us our rooms one of which was a suite the other a regular dbl bedroom. I will not exagerate when I tell you that I went through at least 20 different key cards. The would re-program them but they would not work, so they ended up sending security up with me to see if I didn't know how to open the door, I guess. And when they also couldn't, they would let me in te room. After they finally got it working for one room only (for the other it never worked, the kids had to enter through my room) then it would not work for the regency club, and so the cycle began all over again.The rooms are nothing special, not even the suite. It was big but that's about it. If you plan to be on vacation and sleep late, forget it. The hallways are so loud that you won't go to sleep early or sleep in late. You will hear absolutely everything happening in the hallways including the housekeeping calls at 8AM in every single room that does not have a privacy sign on it. The slit under the doors is so huge that you have to block the from your sight if light bothers you. I can go on about the rooms because a lot of things weren't up to par but I think you get the picture.On checkout, I was charged $10 more per night on the dbl bedroom. When I requested they fix it (I had my original reservation with me) they came up &quot;in the back room&quot; with the excuse that it was for the suite upgrade, although I knew and they knew that it was not the case. Already tired of fighting with them, I let it go. But I for one am not ever setting foot there again and will think twice about setting foot on a Hyatt ever again unless it is absolutely necessary. I also plan to find how to get through Hyatt management to let them know about this.	
Jul 24 2009 	Upgrade to the Club Level	Our family (2 adults 2 teens) stayed at the Hyatt for three nights. This was a great hotel for our purposes as it was convenient to Millennium Park, Navy Pier, the Miracle Mile, we even walked to the Aquarium, the Planetarium and the Field Museum. We ate at a great pizza restaurant (Chicago deep dish) called Giordanos which was only a four minute walk from the hotel. We were able to get a good deal (found it on TravelZoo) at $169 a night which included a room on the club level (3 floors which you can only reach with a special elevator key). This provided us with a complimentary breakfast, snacks and drinks throughout the day, honor bar and very nice munching food (pate, special crackers, fruit, antipasto, etc) from 5:30 to 8:30 and then desserts from 8:30 to 9:30. All of the food was top notch, including capers and smoked salmon for breakfast and always fresh fruit, granola, etc. There was also free internet in the business room. Another excellent perk with our room was our tremendous view of the Chicago River, Lake Michigan, Navy Pier. We had a perfect view of the Navy Pier fireworks on Wednesday night. Our rate also included parking (normally $48 a night). Our room had two queen beds and was attractively furnished with plenty of room. Our bathroom was large, but seemed a bit outdated. The hallway was narrow and in need of sprucing, however, we spent very little time in the hallway. The staff was very kind and helpful. We had a small issue with the honor bar (we had put some leftover pizza in the frig) and apparently you are charged by weight, so we had a $58 bill for shifting things around. The person at the check out was more than gracious and worked out the problem for us in a kind and respectful manner.All in all this hotel was a great place for our family to stay in Chicago.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great quiet location in downtown Chicago	I got a great deal on Priceline for a room at the Hyatt. This hotel is nicely located in Downtown Chicago. It is a 15 minute walk to the Navy pier and only a 10 minute walk to many great resturants. The hotel offers all the luxeries but we carried our own bags and parked in the ramp 2 blocks away to save money. This hotel charges $48 for overnight in and out valet parking but I paid less than $30 to park just 2 short blocks away. They do have a nice area to park temporarily and unload in front of the hotel. Our room was quiet and comfortable. It shows minor wear and is smaller but for the location and price we paid, we were thrilled. We did not try any of their services but the exercise room.	
Jul 23 2009 	Oh dear.... some work needed here	Spent 5 nights at the Hyatt Regency in early July for my step daughters wedding. This was a large event as we had about 25 rooms booked for our party. The room was pretty good, a newly refurbished king and we had a view of the lake, just about. There was not sufficient storage space though we were a parking lot for some of the wedding paraphernalia but even so there was not a huge amount of storage space. I did like the desk situated behind the bed though. The service was generally appalling! We had arranged a party in the Big Bar and whilst the service was okay during the event, the planning of it was usually a battlefield of negativity from the staff as we were not prepared to spend enough! The charges for everything were unbelievable! I became convinced we would be charged for breathing too hard!Once our event concluded, the staff returned to a &quot;don't care&quot; attitude. We requested a late checkout but I was convinced that our room keys would refuse to work at the standard checkout time and sure enough, we were locked out of our rooms with still another 2-3hrs before our extended checkout time. No communication between the front desk staff. The elevators are terrible in the morning. You will become acquainted with every floor on the way down to the lobby. When you're on the 30-something floor this becomes tedious very quickly. It can take 10mins to make it down to the lobby.The air conditioning in our room failed after the second night and although this was reported, nothing was done during our stay. It became nearly unbearable in our room especially at night. It was supposed to be some new &quot;green&quot; tech but it largely seemed to be a waste of time. While we were there, several events were taking place and even though we were quite high up it was still very noisy with guests roaming the corridors in the early hours of the morning bawling into cell phones or at each other. I would praise the fitness center, it's modern, there is plenty of equipment and it's well serviced - the only part of the hotel that is! The only other thing they have going for them is the location, right in the heart of downtown Chicago it's pretty hard to beat, but This is a hotel that seems to believe that it's the Ritz however the reality is that it's a barely average convention hotel. Someone needs to point this out to them!A miserable experience and one that I won't repeat! There have to be better hotels in Chicago!	
Jul 22 2009 	Okay Rooms with Weird Layout	This is my second stay at the Hyatt Regency. Last time we had two queen beds so the room was large. This time we had one king size bed which led us to have a weird room. The room itself was very small and the television was situated next to the right side of the bed so the left side had trouble seeing the tv. Next time we'll ask for two queen beds again just to have more space. Also, the walls were thin, which made it difficult to sleep when our neighbors were partying and playing music.Check in was super fast. Staff was pleasant. Just remember that check-in is on the second floor. The room was spotless. The bed was comfortable and the sheets were clean. The bathrooms were spacious and hand nice amenities. The views weren't bad, even though we didn't upgrade to lake-views. There's also a grocery store around the corner from the hotel so you can save some cash on dining in the hotel restaurants, which are a bit pricey.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great Location Good Service with Some Small Housekeeping Problems	I moved into the Hyatt during the last two days of a conference I was attending and then stayed an additional 4 days for vacation. The location is on the south bank of the Chicago River and two blocks east of Michigan Avenue. Four blocks from the loop and easy walking distance to Millennium Park and the north side of downtown. One of the confusing things about that area of town is that below street-level is a whole nother street level where some buses run and where you have to go down to cross the bridge to the north side if you don't want to walk to Michigan. Had breakfast every morning at the Corner Bakery on Michigan and Wacker as cheaper than the hotel restaurant (although in the hotel lobby is a counter service coffee bar if all you want is a pastry and coffee). We didn't eat at any of the restaurants or called for room service.If you already have a reservation, self-service check-in is possible (which speeded up our check-in process quite a bit). Unfortunately, you can't specify additional criteria than what is in your original reservation, so we ended up in a non-smoking room on the 12th floor facing an office building. View rooms are more expensive.The rooms are decently appointed but with two full-size beds, a little tight for two people (with a person sitting at the desk, the other person can't get around the bed). Only two dresser draws and night stand drawer (as the other under counter space was taken up by mini-fridge and computer/keyboard). If you're the kind of person that unpacks into the dresser, you won't have a lot of drawer space. Lots of pillows (including a relatively thin bolster). Wi-fi access is available for $13+/day (completely outrageous). The bathroom is good-sized and yes, there is a public restroom toilet (another reviewer noted that as a negative...I just found it a little unusual). Water pressure was OK, not great, but the shower curtain was on one of those bent rods, so plenty of room to take a shower.Housekeeping was generally good, but a little inconsistent. Glasses were taken and not replaced twice (but when called, housekeeing brought replacement glasses within 5 minutes). Each day the bed was made slightly differently with a different number and location of pillows. First night we were there, we noticed one of the headboard lights didn't work. Electrician was in the room 30 minutes after I called and then figured it might be a circuit breaker. Light came on about 20 minutes after he left to check the breaker. Other than that, everything worked as expected. Good AC.We had several questions for the concierge over the course of our stay. All were answered accurately but with various degrees of helpful attitude. When we asked a bus question of the desk staff one night (as the concierge closes at 5), we were given a wrong answer that made for extra walking the next day. Self-service checkout was easy and although the system was a little pokey, still much quicker than waiting in line to check out in person.Altogether a pleasant stay in a very convenient location. I was able to book the room through Priceline for $62/night and for that price, it was an excellent, excellent value.	
Jul 20 2009 	Absolutely Horrible	This place is busy and chaotic. After a lengthy check-in ordeal, we waited in line 10 minutes to ride the elevator to the 11th floor. We opened the door to find that the room was already occupied. We went back downstairs for another lengthy ordeal and then had to wait another 10 minutes to take the elevator to our new (unoccupied) room. The air conditioning did not work. The one vent just blows air up towards the ceiling near the window. It was very hot and humid in the room. Maintenance came and said it was fixed, but it was not. The ironing board was broken. Parking costs $48 per day. The only redeeming quality of this beastly place is the location.	
Jul 16 2009 	Disappointing	Maybe we just got the worst room in the hotel, but our stay was awful. The climate control was terrible-- our room was constantly stuffy, humid and warm, until we finally turned the thermostat down to 66, which made it too cold but at least a little less humid. The coffee maker broke on the first day; when we asked for a new one, they delivered one and left it, in the box, on the dresser. They didn't open the box, unpack it, set it up, or take away the old one (we had to do all that). Trash was left lying outside our room for over 24 hours even though the maid had cleaned the room in the meantime. There wasn't enough storage (only two small drawers). And, the room was incredibly noisy-- water noise from surrounding bathrooms woke us up every night. I wouldn't stay here again.	
Jul 15 2009 	Don't Bother	The Concierge was very helpful w/ tickets to Shedd Aquarium but only sold adult tix, not children's. Elevators were rather slow but after fireworks on the 3rd they opened up service elevators with employees directing folks where to go, so that was helpful. The room was ok but the toilet was commercial looking and the bathroom was kind of outdated. The bed was ok comfort but I've had better.I had to call security two nights in a row b/c of teens running, singing, yelling etc. in the halls at 3 am. Unacceptable for the type and price of hotel.Location is ok but not near many restaurants. It was very helpful that there is a grocery store right outside the hotel. My husband couldn't get internet on his I Touch unless he went downstairs.	
Jul 13 2009 	Excellent Customer Service!	On a recent trip to Chicago I left my purse in a cab in route from the airport to the Hyatt Regency Hotel. I am truly grateful to the staff of the hotel for all their help in tracking down my bag. Everyone, from the manager, to customer service, to the security personnel were truly above and beyond what I had ever experienced in a hotel staff. I was treated as if my personal problem was a top priority of the entire hotel staff. Luckily, my bag was recovered, and I will always be thankful to the help of the staff of the Hyatt Regency Chicago.	
Jul 11 2009 	Nice Convenient Hotel	I can't comment on rates since I receive a discounted conference rate. The hotel is older but well updated. The walls do seem rather thin as I could hear people talking but they were also speaking rather loudly. If you don't mind walking you can easily go to Navy Pier and reach the lakefont. The El Train is about a 15 minute walk (and I walk rather fast). The rooms are very nice and the staff is very friendly. A walk to all the shops on Michagan Avenue is about 10-15 minutes. I was in the East Tower with a view to the east on the 30th floor. I could see the river and the lake. The only frustrating thing was the wireless internet. It costs $13.95 per day and seemed to cut out frequently. I would recommend this hotel however.	
Jul 8 2009 	Our first visit to Chicago with friends the hotel was just fine thank you.	After reading some less than stellar reviews about this hoetl, I was a bit concerned about this hotel. But we got a great deal bidding through Priceline, so that offset my concerns. My wife and I went for a long weekend at the end of June along with another couple, our good friends. The hotel exceeded our expectations. We arrived at noon on Friday, well before the 3:30 check-in time. We both asked for a river view on the same floor. They advised that we would have to wait a few hours to get it, which we happily agreed to do. They stored our luggage and we went out for lunch at OBriens Riverwalk Caf on the river front. Good burgers and beer. We walked around some, then when we returned to the Hyatt about 4, we were both assigned 2 rooms on the 25th floor with wonderful views of the Chicago River. Our only minor issue with our room was that we were in a lock-out room and a few times in the early evening we could hear our neighbors talking. But we never heard them at night. Our king size bed was very comfortable.  Restaurants we liked:- OBriens Riverwalk Caf - great lunch fare and beer on the Chicago River - Corner Bakery Cafe, a block from the hotel on Wacker Drive - we ate breakfast there 3 mornings in a row. Great reasonable food, good coffee and friendly service. - La Luce - Wonderful and reasonable Italian. This was a referral and it didn't dissapoint. In an old building awasy from the downtown area, near the United Center. Try their lasagna and their eggplant parmesian. - Catch Thirty-Five  35 W Wacker Dr - Great seafood in a pretty restaurant.	
Jul 5 2009 	Great stay on 4th of July weekend	I live in the Chicago suburbs. We decided to use Hyatt points to stay downtown rather than dealing with traffic after the fireworks and taste of Chicago crowds driving back. Our room was on the 32nd floor, the view of the river, lake, and Navy Pier was beautiful. The bed was comfortable, the room was clean, and the bathroom had a nice shower and soaking tub. The hotel is in a good location, you can walk to the lakefront, Pier, or Melinium Park in around 20 minutes. The riverfront paths are right across the street, and Michigan Ave is about a block away. The walls seemed a little thin, but it didn't really bother us. Front desk staff was great. I would stay here again.	
Jul 5 2009	Beautiful Hotel	With the exception of some billing issues and the fact that this hotel is notorious for overbooking, we had a lovely stay.The hotel is huge. Two towers and about 2,000 rooms. We had approx. 40 people in our group and we were spread out amongst the two towers. There were people in our group I didn't see again until it was time to check-out . We had a buffet-style breakfast in a lovely restaurant on the first floor of one of the towers, the food was excellent. The hotel staff was polite and knowledgeable. We stayed in room 3131. The room was stunning, we could see Lake Michigan from the window in the hallway. The view in our room was of the courtyard area.	
Jul 5 2009 	Club level is great!	I recently stayed at the Hyatt with my 2 children age 6 and 10. We were upgraded to Club level access with Jr Suite. Our room was a great size. One King size bed with a couches and a side chair. We had 2 large flat screen tv's and a mini fridge. The only down fall was that we only had a shower (with the amount of walking we did a soak in a tub would have been nice)The club level access was nice-free internet connection, a variety of newspapers, a nice continental breakfast and a nice evening reception. Many days we just had a large lunch and ate at the reception for dinner (veggie and dip, breads, cheese, hummus, fruit). All during the day they had nice cookies and later at night great pies and cheesecake.We liked the location. It was very central to what we wanted to do. It is centrally located to the Pier, Grant/Millinium Park, and the Miracle Mile.We arrrived at the hotel at 12 noon and tried to check in-our room wasn't ready but the hotel took care of our luggage and said they would call us when it was ready. (Not really necessary as we were off to the taste of Chicago). When we got back, our room was ready and our luggage brought up.This is a large hotel but we enjoyed it alot. The club access (or the clubhouse as my kids called it) was nice, you could meet other travellers and gave a nice area to relax in.We would definitely go back to the Hyatt	
Jul 4 2009 	The Hotel exceeded our expectations!!!!	My husband &amp; I live in Michigan and wanted a quick inexpensive get-away to Chicago. So I started with bidding on priceline for 4-star hotel room in the Grant park area for $60 per night. To my surprise, priceline accepted my bid at Hyatt Regency. The Hyatt has done a good job at keeping the hotel looking &quot;modern&quot; and there is plenty of dining options inside the HUGE complex. The room was clean &amp; the bed was very comfortable. The bath room showed the age of the hotel the most - but it was clean too. I would have given a 5 overall rating, but they gave us a room on the 7th floor with a view of an office building. However considering we paid 1/2 rack price - we really can't complain. Oh yeah, the workout facility is amazing and it's in walking distance of all the hot spots.	
Jul 1 2009 	Excellent customer service	The hotel was full, but not once did any of the staff appear to be too busy to assist our group with our requests. We attended a program about customer service; the Hyatt staff were great examples. For a business trip, the location, the conference rooms, restaurants, bar, etc. were great. Downsides were charge for internet service if accessed from your room, high parking costs, and no pool.	
Jun 30 2009 	Your satisfaction will depend on how much you paid	We booked this hotel through on Hotwire and paid $89. For $89, this is a great hotel. After we got this hotel, I looked up the rate on the hotel's website and was quoted $289. This hotel is not worth $289. A number of people have complained about the location of the hotel. There is no perfect Chicago location for a hotel. It really depends on what you want to do while you are in Chicago. The hotel is not actually located on the Magnificient Mile but is very close to the south end of it, where Wacker Dr hits Michigan. It is literally a five minute walk from the hotel to the start of the Magnificient Mile. As is typical for any hotel in the Magnificient Mile area, it is not very convenient to the El. You will have to walk several blocks to any El station. If this is important to you, you should stay in the Loop area. It is one of the closest hotels to Navy Pier and within walking distance (about 10 minutes) unlike some hotels located on the north end of the Magnificient Mile area. My advice is to figure out what you want to do while you are in Chicago and then pick your hotel. The room itself is a typical chain hotel room. It was clean but nothing special and not extremely large or small. There was a nice flat screen tv in the room. The bathroom had a curved shower curtain bar and a nice water massage shower head. The toilet could have used an update. It looked like a toilet you would find in a high school bathroom. One other drawback is parking is $48 per night, unless you want to find a close by garage, park it yourself, and save a few bucks. Ultimately, if you can get a good deal at this place, you will enjoy your stay. If you pay the rack rate, this hotel is not good enough to justify its high price, and you will come away unsatisfied	
Jun 30 2009 	Has No Idea What Cust. Service Is	Customer service can make or break a hotel. Many things can be overlooked if the staff is helpful, courteous, and knowledgeable. And when the customer service is bad, it makes everything else sour in comparison. My recent stay at the Hyatt Regency Chicago feels like a disaster. When we first arrived, we had paperwork stating that we had pre-paid. Our card had been run 9 days prior to our stay, when we booked it, and the hotel had conveniently forgotten this when we checked in. They assured us that we would not be double-billed and demanded we give them our card again. So we spent the whole trip worried that a rather large charge (we were staying many nights) would end up charging twice to our card. We were also given a discount on valet through AAA, the hotel at first knew about it, then had no idea, then knew again, then ended up charging us the full rate. The final straw on this camel's back was that our brand new car was damaged in excess of $1000 by the valet, who backed the car right into a pole and attempted to cover it up.	
Jun 29 2009 	Convenience and comfort--at a price	I wouldn't have stayed here if my employer wasn't paying, but it was a great place to stay. The location is ideal and there are restaurants in the Hyatt; but hundreds of nearby eateries at more affordable prices. The room was very comfortable, with lots of extra pillows, a desk and comfy chair. The staff is very friendly, but be prepared with a gratuity--the support staff seem to expect it.	
Jun 24 2009 	This hotel is nice	I booked this hotel through Hotwire ($84, $103 with taxes and fees). We felt it was a great deal for the money. The lobby was large, attractive, and impressive. It was typically busy for a large popular big city hotel, but the lobby is so large that there is still room to move around. I didn't use any of the amenities like the restaurants or bars at the hotel as I usually don't when I'm staying in a place like downtown Chicago. The check in was pleasant. I asked them for a room with double beds and was given that. We had no problems with the room. It had a large HDtv. I declined a room upgrade offer. Our room was at the end of a hall and there was a building across our room (as one might expect) and we could also see the Chicago River. As for people complaining about high prices at hotel restaurants, concessions, and bars, I don't think I have ever seen a hotel with &quot;cheap&quot; restaurants, concessions, and bars. It is overpriced for convienence like anything else. That is one reason I typically don't use those services, besides the fact that it is pretty boring just sit in a hotel when you are in downtown Chicago.	
Jun 24 2009 	Nice place if you have a discounted rated.	We stayed here for our anniversary and had an amazing weekend. The room was a bit dated and it shared a wall with the elevator shaft, but overall it wasn't bad. We didn't really notice the elevators much and the view looking towards the Hancock Building and the Chicago River across the street made up for the minor inconvenience. The room was clean, but not that impressive. The location is fantastic as it's only a couple blocks from Michigan Ave. and close to Navy Pier. We were able to shop and enjoy walking around with little trouble. Parking is expensive, but it is a downtown hotel, so that shouldn't surprise anybody. Wireless internet was also $13 for 24hrs, which was a bit dissapointing. I would recommend this hotel for people looking to stay downtown, but I would only stay here if you are able to get a discounted rate. We used Priceline and that is the only way I would stay here again. We really can't complain about our stay and we had a great weekend, but I'm not sure this is a 4star hotel.	
Jun 22 2009 	oversold again	As noted by many others, this hotel has a terrible problem with overbooking. This is the third time in 4 years I have had a guaranteed reservation not honored because the hotel was overbooked. Several of the hotel employees on multiple trips over the years have acknowledged to me that this hotel has a problem with overbooking. To make things worse, this hotel is very aggressive about enforcing its one night penalty policy for customers who do not keep their reservation. They do this even when they are oversold, and they would have not been able to honor the reservation if you had shown up. As some reviews note, there are a number of nice features to this hotel, but they are all overshadowed by the ridiculous amount of overbooking, which is at a level to be an unethical business practice.MEETING PLANNERS BEWARE: MEMBERS OF YOUR GROUP WILL BE DISAPPOINTED. THIS HOTEL DOES ITS WORST OVERBOOKING DURING CONVENTIONS.If you are planning to arrive at the hotel late, be warned that your likelihood of being denied your room is very high. Checking in ahead of time will NOT protect you.	
Jun 21 2009 	A perfect hotel for a memorable trip with our grandchildren	We traveled to Chicago on the train with our two grandsons ages 4 and 7 for a three day stay in the city. We were somewhat skeptical of our Hyatt Regency reservation after reading some of the reviews on Trip Advisor. We were pleased as we entered the hotel and met friendly employees at the door, the front desk, and throughout the hotel. We were fortunate to book a room through Travelzoo offering an upgrade to the Regency Club located on floors 32-35 of the West Tower. Our room was on the 35th floor and had a Lake view so our grandsons could see the fireworks at Navy Pier. The Club room is also located on that floor and offers complimentary beverages, snacks, breakfast, food, desserts...something all day long. This was a big hit for our grandsons and definitely was a plus for our food budget. The people in the Club were very accomodating and friendly with the children. They also offer free internet service in the club area. As we checked out, the boys asked if we could return someday...we would be happy to do so and would always want to be on the Regency Club Level of this conveniently located hotel.	
Jun 17 2009 	Ridiculous Fees Great Location Somewhat Dated	$13.95 for high speed Internet at a hotel in this day and age is absolutely absurd. Add on top of that $2.95 small bottles of water in the main dining area, and very high food prices, and the &quot;value&quot; of this hotel really gets diminished. If I had not booked this for $89/night through hotwire, I would not have stayed here. While the people and service are absolutely top notch, this is a HUGE convention style hotel that has been here since the 80's and is starting to show its age. If you can get a great rate like I did, it is worth it, but if you are looking at $159+ per night, I would definitely look somewhere else. On top of that, my room (3152) was next to the service elevator, which I could hear ALL NIGHT. It sounded like someone was rolling a metal cart back and forth right behind the headboard of the bed.....I couldn't sleep at all.	
Jun 17 2009 	Very large impressive hotel incredible view from the room!	We stayed in this hotel in December for a leisure trip. The hotel is very contemporary, public areas area very expansive, and you can almost get lost! Our room was beautiful, very contemporary style, and incredible views that looked toward lake Michigan. Service was excellent, staff always saying hi and asking if there was anything we needed. We payed $89 through a discount website, so it was a greaat deal fro Chicago in this location in a hotel with these ammenities this has! Would deffinetly stay here again!	
Jun 12 2009 	Great stay wonderful!	My wife and I stayed at this hotel at the end of May, 2009. She came for the weekend for a function and we extended the trip to take in the city. We got a deal on this hotel through TravelZoos. $249/night stay for $99/night plus we got the full buffet breakfast.The room was wonderful. Extremely large King size bed with expansive sitting area. We are used to smaller hotels with little room to move. The bed was extremely comfortable with lots of pillows. No wear or damage in room at all except sink tap dripped a bit (poor taps). We could have upgraded to river view for $20/night but chose not to. We enjoyed the room for what it was. 22nd floor looking south.The buffet breakfast was great. Lots to choose from and very fresh with made to order eggs, non stop coffee and juice and the servers were so eager to please. Great to have breakfast included in night stay. Might be a bit dear to pay at $22/person. It was nice to sit and relax with good breakfast, coffee and newspaper and not have to figure where to catch a morning meal.Concierge desk was most helpful in suggesting places to eat, always informative and ready to provide maps, directions, multiple suggestions and even make the reservations. Cards included to admit without paying cover charges at some jazz clubs.Location was great. Blocks from El and other transportation and easy walking distance to the parks and right on the river.If in Chicago again, would not hesitate to stay here again.A swimming pool would have been nice but we did not miss it.	
Jun 11 2009 	Not Too Shabby	My wife and I stayed here for one night to celebrate our anniversary. The staff were very, very friendly and courteous. They gave us a quiet corner room with a view after we mentioned the reason for our trip. The room was clean, and a good deal for the price (we named our own price on Priceline). Location was excellent, close to a few places to eat, a short walk to the el train, and a short drive to the museum campus. The only negatives I can think of are the additional fee for parking ($48), about average in Chicago, and the fact that there wasn't a free breakfast in the morning. It made for a pleasant weekend trip in the big city.	
Jun 11 2009 	Stay only if you get a good rate	We stayed at the Hyatt for 5 days in early June. The hotel is really big  two large towers. Overall, it was good but wouldnt say it was 4-star (like Hotwire said). We got a good price so I was happy, but there were a few things we werent thrilled about. The walls seemed thin and it didnt help there was a very young family beside us with crying children. Internet is very expensive ($14 per day), which was a turn off to just check personal emails. There isn't a pool, which was really disappointing for me. I found the cleaning staff and front desk really pleasant. There wasnt a single person in the hotel that when asked couldnt answer our questions. Yes, Id recommend the hotel if you got it for less than $100 per night.	
Jun 11 2009 	Very over priced	eating places over priced .room airconditioner did not work even after service tried to fix it. Location in good .parking charges very high also internet very pricey. Staff was friendly and helpful. Very little space for your clothes to be stored only two drawers to put your clothes away	
Jun 9 2009 	Only good if you get a great price.	We got this hotel for $60 a night on priceline. With that in mind, it was pretty good. We asked for a view at check in and told us that would cost an extra $20 a night, we said no thanks. Then they asked if we minded a handicap room to get a view and we accepted. Great view!Hotel location. Excellent.The room seems pretty standard upon inspection. Big flat screen TV but doesn't have HD channels. Linens Ok.Bathroom, not so great. Yes, granite tile, the grout around the tub in the shower were sort of gross. The bathroom has no ventilation fan, and the ceiling tiles had stains on them.The room was satisfactory at the price, but we would have been severely disappointed if we had to pay $189 a night which was the Hyatt's price.	
Jun 7 2009 	Typical for a Hyatt...no surprises.	I was here for a conference and delighted with the Hyatt for the facilities. One problem was that the staff could not direct us to the location of the conference, due to the fact that they had not received the next days schedule (we needed to set-up as the conference started at 0630 the next morning)...in this day and age, this should be something pretty easy to resolve....especially from a hotel that specializes in conferences. Othe rthan this (which was a mild inconvenience) the stay was great.	
Jun 7 2009 	Great location	This hotel is a short distance from Union Station and right on the river. We got a great deal from Hotwire and were very pleased with the value. We had a simple and quick check in at noon and were given a clean and spacious room. Large screen HD TV was a nice bonus.	
Jun 5 2009 	Not impressed at all	I visited Chicago in May 2009 and stayed at this hotel for a few nights. I expected a great service, excellent maintenance, and comfort from the hotel of this calibre but found the room service to be just okay. We only ordered breakfast from the hotel once but the prices were not worth it. The buffet breakfast just outside the hotel gave us an extensive menu for half the price. We noticed that they had not changed our bedsheets after our first night... they did after the second night but made us apprehensive whether they would or not for the remaining nights. My friend and I were surprised that they did not use plastic bags for either the washroom waste basket or the one in the room... that is simply unhygienic. The room was comfortable but the tv had some issues. The thermostat was also not very efficient and we had to keep making it cooler. The washroom needed upgrading and the mirror had permanent stains on it. We could also hear people walking thru the halls which made the room feel less private. There was a convention going on in the hotel as well and it was overtly crowded and noisy, whether the downstairs lobby or the inside restaurants. There was always a long line-up for everything. If it were not the discount i was getting, I would not have stayed here. On the plus side, we had an excellent view of the Lake Michigan from our windows but most hotels in the area can provide that. The place is very expensive for the service I got and internet prices were also very high (?28 i think vs. Boing $6).A tip on local attractions:Although I advise using the local transportation for sightseeing and getting to and from the airport, the bus service staff is not as good as one would expect from a tourist city. I used the cab service for nearby areas and it turned out to be much less painful. Make sure you do some research in regards to the public transportation before hand. The hotel is too far from everything so be prepared to walk a lot from here to any of the locations.	
May 31 2009 	Nice clean convenient	Huge, busy downtown hotel that is a hopping place. Clean, double bed room. Rather standard, but no problems. Everything in good working order. Bathrooms are especially pretty. Walking to Museum, Mag Mile, too far. Buffet brunch is fabulous. And their upstairs bar appeared to be a fun happening spot. Staff all over hotel very professional. Wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
May 29 2009 	Great Location Friendly Service and spacious room	Great Location - walking distance to: Magnificent Mile, Millennium Park, Art Institute, State Street stores. Friendly staff - when we got to the hotel, we were readily directed to the reception area for check-in. Check-in was a breeze.Our room was spacious and clean.	
May 26 2009 	Helpful staff decent sized rooms what view?	Came for a conference and stayed a couple extra nights for some fun in the Windy City. Conference was at the Hyatt and we had considered staying elsewhere for the fun part, but decided it would be too much of a hassle. Glad we didn't. The room was a good size with a seating area, desk area, and large (40&quot;) flat screen. The hotel was always hopping... 24 hour coffee/snack stand downstairs for late night munchies. Make sure to ask for a room in the main building, not the West Tower, though.	
May 24 2009 	Great Stay and Thank You Travelzoo	To start with, I would like to put a disclaimer that we paid $99/night from a special with Travelzoo that included breakfast vouchers for myself and my wife, so a lot of my opinions are based on that.We arrived on Tuesday afternoon around 2:30 and checked in very quickly. My first impression was that I found the hotel to be huge, but it was pretty empty. I liked the atrium design with the waterfalls and the garden. The room itself was very good size. We had a king size bed and more then ample room to stretch out. There was even a fridge which we could use to store out water and beers.We asked the concierge for assistance in getting tickets to 'The Blue Man Group', and they ended up finding us 50% off tickets through Hot Tix, which was a great score. In general, they were very helpful.My only one negative comment would be the Housekeeping. One day they did not clean our room, even though we clearly had the 'Clean Our Room' sign on the door. However, that was manageable if we got a couple of bath towels. So I called down to Housekeeping and they stated they would send them up. We had dinner reservations which is why there was a little more urgency in obtaining the towels. I ended up having to call 3 times and waited 50 minutes before they finally arrived. It wasn't the end of the world, but it did put me off for awhile.Overall, I loved the location of this hotel and the friendliness of the staff we encountered. We had breakfast in the restaurant 3 of 4 days and found very good. For the price we paid this was an absolute steal of a deal. If we paid twice as much I would still say it's a great hotel and I definitely recommend it to anyone. If I had to pay 3x as much, then I would say it may be a little to pricey.	
May 22 2009 	Overpriced airport like hotel	I am stunned that this hotel is rated as four stars on Trip Advisor. Simply because a hotel charges an arm and a leg for a room does not make it four stars. I stayed here for two nights, not because of my decision but those who were traveling with me. To start, we spent 45 minutes in the lobby waiting to check in. The lobby is a very expansive atrium that reminds me of an airport ticketing hall. Guests were corralled through roped lines to check in at one of 3 open stations out of about 20 that were at the desk. The room is loud and packed with people - not a good way to start a &quot;relaxing&quot; trip.We stayed in the West tower. I cannot complain about the room, but also don't have anything great to say about it. It was about the size one would expect in a Chicago hotel, but I have seen better quality of furniture and materials in a HI Express. For the price you can do much better in the city.I had no issues during my stay until leaving. We called ahead to have our car (which was parked valet) brought around to the front. We were told it would be about 20 minutes. This was fine, as I understand they have a lot of people in the hotel and a lot of cars to move. However, after going downstairs 20 minutes later and not finding our car we were a bit miffed. We asked the valet if it was coming and he said yes, they were just behind. After waiting another 20 minutes we asked again and he had no record of the car being requested. They managed to get the car about 15 minutes later - more than an hour after being initially called.I think the valet service speaks to a lack of staffing at an enormous hotel (biggest in Chicago). If you are looking for a hotel where you feel like herded cattle - this is it. If you want a relaxing trip I would suggest looking elsewhere. Probably somewhere smaller.	
May 21 2009 	Great stay	My husband and I went to Chicago for meetings with his company. The Hyatt was great and had a wonderful staff. I enjoyed my trip and would go back again. I was not crazy about the view but this is by the airport. Our room was at the end so we were not disturbed by other guest in the hall. Our hostess in the Regency Club was fantastic. Wish it had an indoor pool.	
May 21 2009 	Soulless busy hotel just about accceptable - in 1979	Here for a conference, work paying the bill. Yet another soulless, frayed large American city-centre hotel. Rooms comfortable enough but all the usual problems, namely long queues at front desk, charming but often clueless staff, and an annoying, sprawling layout which means that if you forget something in your room popping back to get it is a major chore. The gym, a miserable affair, is so far from the rooms it might as well be in another state, and one lunchtime it took half an hour to get a table for food (even though there were plenty of free ones available). That said, the location is pretty good, Stetson's Restaurant is actually pretty good and room rates are quite reasonable. But no one here is trying really hard.	
May 21 2009 	can't complain but can't write home about it either	Pros: service was amazing! Traveled with some colleagues and we checked in at different times, but they managed to get us in rooms fairly close together. Location was great, close to everything that we needed.Cons: rooms were nothing special. They were clean and my room was spacious, but fairly standard.If I hadn't booked through Priceline and gotten a fantastic rate, I think I would have been disappointed, but given the rate I paid, I was very happy.	
May 19 2009 	Guest services not to expectations	Hotel's staff was friendly. Iron in the room was not working and upon multiple requests staff at the front desk did not replace it and eventually in the morning I call guest services who then took care of it. I was very disappointed with this quality of service from a hotel of this class and reputation. Guest services did not even offer to compensate for the inconvenience caused and did not even follow up on what actually caused the delay in replacing the iron(she did apologize to begin with for the inconvenience and said would try to find out what caused the delay). Overall we were satisfied and happy with our stay.	
May 16 2009 	Good location Bad quality room	We stayed at Hyatt Regency during Mother's day weekend with family. We had 5 rooms and the room was smelling like smoke, rooms were clean. Bed was horrible, mattress was probably old. we asked for king size bed and surprised to a twin bed on all our rooms. These were supposed to be all non smoking but we smelled second hand smoke as if room's were converted. I don't recommend staying the west wing.	
May 11 2009 	Great Enormous Hotel	I stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago hotel in May 2009. I had read the hundreds of reviews on this site and was 'scared' of what I would find. As with any hotel, some people love it and some people hate it. I was there for a conference and work payed the full bill.  First off, the hotel is enormous. Two big towers with a massive atrium for a lobby. The rooms are completely removed from the lobby, so there was no noise in the bedroom from the atrium. For check-in, I only had to wait for 2 people ahead of me to complete their check-ins. (Approx 3 minutes). I had a 5th floor room, so never experienced any long elevator rides. My room was not one of the ones right at the elevator lobby, so it was dead silent.  The room was great, big tv, soft bed, nice desk/workspace area. My only real complaints are 1) the bathroom lighting. (So very dark, just 1 weak flourescent bulb.) 2) the thin walls (I've stayed in a lot of hotels for work, this one was odd, I could hear conversations .... and other sounds, yep, those ones, ... so clearly. Usually you can make out mumbles, etc. ... but in this one I could hear full sentences at normal volume. Odd! But all said, I loved the hotel and especially its location. It's so close to everything. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat!!!!	
May 9 2009 	A whack hotel on Wacker Drive	Pros:+ Good location -- close to the major sites, transit, shopping, restaurants, etc.+ Nice staff -- they are nice to you, although the &quot;job&quot; isn't really getting done (see below)Cons:- Dirty room -- The standard of cleanliness we experienced was very low: random hair bunches in the bathroom floor corners, spots and stains on the walls, marks of some kind on the pillow, etc. - More disgusting stuff -- The baby blanket they provided with the crib smelled of urine. It was clear that it had not been laundered since the last child used it and urinated on it. The baby crib sheets also smelled of urine, so we got replacements. We disinfected the urine-stained baby crib mattress ourselves.- No hot water in our room -- We complained. A nice, helpful guy from &quot;engineering' came by and fixed it....for the night. By the next morning there was no hot water again. We had to run the water for 15 minutes for hot water to come through.- Mini-fridge didn't work -- They were nice enough to give a complimentary mini-fridge since we had a baby. Unfortunately it didn't cool very well; probably not lower than 50F, which isn't good enough for storing milk. I asked for a replacement mini-fridge but didn't let them take away the first because -- based on my experience thus far in the hotel -- I doubted the second one would work. Of course, the second one didn't work at all. Good thing we kept the semi-working first one.- Dilapidated facilities and room -- Regarding the sorry state of the hotel's facilities shown in other reviewers' photos, we experienced this too. There isn't a lot of care in this hotel, and it really shows. The hotel is aware of all of the problems -- the front desk fielded all of our complaints. However, they never did anything to compensate for them. They said they would 'take care of it right away' but any attempt to 'fix' an issue didn't work -- replacing one broken fridge with another broken fridge isn't helpful. Neither is fixing the hot water for just one night. I don't understand why the Hyatt would allow their brand to be associated with this hotel. Are they repositioning the brand to be a 2-star class?We got the room for a bid of $57/night on a well-known bidding site, but after all the issues I wouldn't consider this much of a &quot;deal&quot;. If you can afford to stay at another hotel, I would strongly recommend that you do so. I wouldn't even stay here if I were attending a conference in this hotel. The Swissotel is connected by underground passageway; the Hotel Monaco and The Fairmont are close by. There are many hotels within walking distance that would be better places to stay. I won't bid on a 4* hotel in the Loop area on that bidding site, given my experience here. It's just not worth the risk of getting this hotel.	
May 7 2009 	Didn't want to leave	Stayed in a Junior Suite which was beautiful and spacious. It had the largest flat screen tv I have ever seen in a hotel (great excuse to catch up on some movies) The breakfast buffet was great and was served in the hotels huge atrium which was nice. The service was top notch. Stayed in a lower floor in the East tower which was great as there was no waits for an elevator and they were always empty. The Shed aquarium was a complete waste of time and money but the Field musium was amazing. Chicago remains tied with London as my favourite city.	
May 4 2009 	No complaints!	Good location, clean, friendly and helpful staff.When my boyfriend and I first arrived at the hotel, the size of the hotel lobby and the crowds seemed a bit overwhelming. However, we quickly figured out where we needed to go, checked in using the automatic machines (you can check in with staff also) and were in our room within minutes. We booked on priceline and managed to get $65 a night for our room! We got no special views from our standard room, and the room lacked wi-fi, but we thought it was a fantastic deal given the location and reputation of the Hyatt. p.s. if you stay at this hotel, you can park at the Millenium Park garage for $14 per 12 hour period (MUCH cheaper than what the Hyatt charges)	
May 4 2009 	Meets many needs	I stayed at this hotel because it was the host hotel for my meeting. This hotel is very large with the usual chic Hyatt look. I arrived mid-morning and was pleased to have a room ready for me before regular check-in time. There are many floors of the hotel, so it can take a while to get to your floor because of other people's stops on the elevator. The inside of the room was pretty spacious and sleekly decorated. The desk space was very nice, and the tv was larger than usual. This hotel is very conducive to fitness. There are lots of walkable places blocks away from the hotel, but the gym is awesome with built-in tv screens on the cardio equipment. Perhaps the best thing, though, is the Lakeshore Path that's just a few blocks away from the hotel. There are 18 miles of beautiful scenery, and you can get a very detailed map from the concierge with directions to get to the path. As others have said, you have to pay for internet access here, which is a huge hassle, but there are stations where you can print your boarding pass, which is helpful. The line to speak to someone at the concierge desk can get long, but they are pretty knowledgeable about stuff. I used a kiosk in the lobby to checkout, but the kiosk computers were rather slow, so I don't think it was necessarily faster than checking out with the lobby staff. Aside from the internet issue, I was very pleased with the quality of this hotel and would stay here again for another conference.	
May 1 2009 	Hyatt - Dangerous Dirty 	We stayed on the 'Regency Level&quot; of this hotel and I would NEVER stay at this location again. It was dirty and dangerous. After checking into the hotel, we proceed to our room on the 34 floor via their elevators. While trying to get on the #4 elevator the doors started to close on my young child. The doors DID NOT retract and the right door went over my child's croc shoe leaving him stuck!! My husband had to push on the doors to prevent them from closing on my son! I can't even imagine what would have happened to my child if my husband had not been there as well b/c the other hotel guest present just kept on walking by. I immediately notified the front desk. They sent a manager and a security person to our room to take a statement. They offered an apology. They did not close the elevator or take other precautions from what I observed. Later that day, they did close another elevator in the same tower because the doors were stuck. Elevator issues are obviously an ongoing issue for this hotel. Now to describe the room, DUSTY and DIRTY. There was so much dust in the room that it was starting to fall over the top of objects that had never been dusted. The bathroom had splatters of stuff on the walls and the mechanisms on the tub were falling off. The decor of the room was very odd. Over each bed were 2 large metal crane like lights that reminded me of something that would be in a doctor's examining room. The chairs were well worn. In the lobby, the chairs and sofas were torn.I would not stay here again. It is not child friendly. The lobby is loud; televsions, music, open dining, etc. Just too much. There are a lot of great hotels in Chicago. However, this is NOT one of them!!!	
May 1 2009 	Chicago Hyatt Regency on East Wacker Drive	Hyatt Regency Chicago (151 East Wacker Drive)The Hyatt Regency is a 4 star hotel ideally located for tourists on the Chicago River between the Loop and the Magnificent Mile (north Michigan Avenue). It is within a few blocks of the elevated trains serving ORD and MDW, and is one block from several CTA bus stops. (The CTA transit passes and route map are great for tourists, and even include airport trains).The rooms are nicely decorated and the bedding is top quality. The bathroom is efficient. Even numbers above 16 in the west tower should give you a nice view of the river.What makes this hotel outstanding is the staff -- the best trained I have encountered anywhere, even better than at most 5 star hotels. First impressions are important, and the staff makes sure that one feels welcome from the moment one arrives. Granted the check-in may be scripted, but it is so pleasant that four weeks and two international trips later, I still remember the names of our receptionists (I booked several rooms as a gift for my wife and her girlfriends for a five day shopping and sightseeing trip, and our check-in was flawless).There are only two caveats when staying at this hotel: First, the climate control may be a problem. Most of our rooms were comfortable, but mine (on a separate floor) was quite chilly. When turned up, my thermostat made noise but no heat. Bring an indoor sweater or jacket in cool seasons. Second, the hotels surcharges are unnecessarily high. For example, including taxes, parking is $50 per night (double the city parking rate at the nearby Randolph Street Millennium Park underground garage, and some guests even park at the airports or in the suburbs and take the train into the city); there is a $25 per night fee if you put any personal items in the mini-fridge; and internet usage is $15 per day extra.To me these rates seem hostile, and undo much of the good will the staff creates. However, any savvy traveler can avoid them. For example, Bockwinkels grocery is only half a block south of the hotel (on the street between the hotels two towers). There one can purchase an entire hot rotisserie chicken, a baguette, fresh fruit, and a bottle of basic wine for less than the Hyatt charges for two glasses of its ordinary house wine ($10 each). Perhaps the best part of our stay was the price. Because the hotel has a huge inventory of rooms, we were able to obtain a rate of $60 per room per night (plus taxes and fees) through bidding on Priceline. That rate makes this Chicagos best hotel deal ever.Enjoy the Hyatt Regency Chicago, but watch out for those surcharges.Happy and safe travel!	
Apr 22 2009 	What a Platinum Service experience should feel like	Our quick one-night stay at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago's loop was perhaps one of the best hotel experiences that I've had for leisure.My boyfriend and I checked in late in the evening, around 10:30PM and learned that a special room had been reserved for us. (Recently, I received Platinum membership status in their Gold Passport rewards program). The manager came out to personally greet us and shook my hand. They had satisfied my request of getting a Regency Club room on a high floor, near an elevator. Better yet, the view was FANTASTIC. I believe it to be the best view this hotel would have of the river and Michigan Lake. The room itself was spacious and clean. The layout was also unique in the sense that the bed was in the middle of the room and the &quot;office&quot; desk space was behind it. It felt modern, but homey. I also happen to very much appreciate the Bose iPod desk player / clock as I like to plug in my music wherever I travel. The king-sized bed was a bit too comfortable- it was difficult for us to leave it. Since we had a Regency Club room, it came with a complimentary breakfast (among other beverages/snacks throughout the day). After relaxing a bit with fresh fruit and pastries, we asked the club concierge about where to buy men's shoes. The gentleman was very helpful and provided a thoughtful recommendation, which saved us a LOT of time. Later, the concierge at the front desk also was helpful in recommending a good barber shop for my boyfriend as well. Lastly, they also had the most delicious Grilled Cheese sandwich in their late night room service menu. :-)	
Apr 22 2009 	Ideal location luxurious but impersonal massive hotel	I typically never stay at hotels within a large metropolis as the parking and the hotel rates tend to be extraordinarily expensive. Usually, I stay within the suburbs. However, this time, I stayed in downtown Chicago at the Hyatt Regency and I was very satisfied with the hotel. I got a fairly decent rate from an online travel booking website. Check-in can be done either with the front desk or through a check-in kiosk, which was fairly speedy in dispensing my room keys. The employees were all very polite. Room service and the stocked mini-bar were both very expensive, so I passed on those. There is a covered interior parking garage right next to the Hyatt where I parked my car. It was slightly cheaper (but still very pricey) than the Hyatt's valet-only parking. I did not like paying for the very expensive wi-fi internet access, but the access was at least very fast (over 8mbps). The bathroom and the bedroom were both gorgeous in decoration. The pillows, comforter, and bed were all very luxurious and wonderful. I liked the specialty Portico white ginger spa toiletries. I do caution that this hotel does have over 2,000 rooms and is probably the largest hotel in Chicago, so expect lots of foot traffic and be prepared to be independent as there won't be that much personal service given to you.	
Apr 21 2009 	Poor service for cheap price.	I had read some mixed reviews about this hotel on TripAdvisor, so I was concerned about the hotel room itself, however, I wasn't too disappointed. I was more disappointed in the LACK of service the front desk had. There are automated check in kiosks, which is a nice touch. These kiosks should not, however, replace humans, especially if a guest has questions. For a 4-star hotel, I really expected better customer service. I have had better service from a Holiday Inn Express. I guess that's what happens when you book a hotel from priceline. (However, I've had great service with some of the other hotels I've booked through priceline.)In any case, there are 2 towers to this hotel. The main check-in area is on the 2nd floor in the East tower. When you first enter the lobby area in the East tower, there's an area with nice couches and behind that is a nice water fountain theme. The 2nd floor has the bell desk, check-in, and concierge. If you have a room in the West Tower, there's a bridge to the right of the check in area. On the first floor of the East tower, there's a gift shop and a coffee/express shop for coffee, breakfast food, and snacks. If you want to pay less for water or what not, there's a grocery store behind the hotel. You go out the doors next to the cyber cafe diagonal from J's Express and take a left. It's a quick walk. There are multiple restaurants and bars within the hotel, so getting food is not difficult. I can't comment on the food since I didn't go to any of the restaurants. There are a lot of good restaurants in Chicago, so I say venture out. Ou Sy Sushi is a good place not too far.The room itself was okay. The hotel does a pretty accurate description and other travelers have taken many pictures, so I didn't do that. There's a fridge in the room, but you can't remove any of the items. The hotel will charge you if you move the items off their sensors in the fridge. Their bath products are made by Portico Spa. The soap is very drying. The shampoo and conditioner are okay. The location of the hotel isn't bad. It's in between the Museum Campus and the major shops on the Magnificent Mile. If you want to head up to say Water Tower, you walk towards Michigan Ave and Wacker Drive and take the 151 bus north and it will take you to the shopping areas. If you can stay at this hotel for a really cheap price, then I would say it's not too bad as long as you are okay with having very little help from the front desk. The rest of the staff I have encountered were great!	
Apr 21 2009 	WONDERFUL HOTEL	Excellent hotel, great staff, clean rooms, very polite and efficient front desk and bell team i was very impressed....will be back again and will tell all my friends	
Apr 20 2009 	Stunning	The hugeness of the hotel itself is a treat to eyes. I loved the food and the amenities. Hotel has everything you want. The location of the hotel is in the heart of the city and almost every bus reaches here. The view from the hotel of the city is stunning. I simply loved it the most.	
Apr 20 2009 	Great location excellent service beautiful view!	Stayed here with my 13 year old for a week of fun. Everything about this hotel was great. The service was friendly and eager to help- from the bellboys to the concierge. We asked for a view and we were right over the river facing the beautiful Chicago skyline. Everything is within an enjoyable walking distance. One great feature is that the hotel connects to an office plaza with several quick restaurants on the bottom floor. Try the Tokyo Lunchbox for quick but fresh sushi! The concierge helped map out public transportation for each day and their advice was right on! We had a wonderful Chicago adventure and can't wait to return. GO SEE BLUE MAN AND JERSEY BOYS--THEY ARE BOTH MUSTS!	
Apr 15 2009 	Large urine stains found on comforter - partial refund issued.	My husband, son and I stayed 2 nights at the Hyatt. The location was great - a short walk to tons of attractions and steps away from 'The Magnificent Mile'. The service was also top notch by every employee at the hotel.On our second and last night I woke up and flipped the comforter over to get out of bed. It was a little further than I usually toss it, and I noticed a yellow stain on the underside. I was disgusted and surprised but when I continued to turn the comforter over - I was speechless. There were two large basket ball sized urine stains on the underside of the comforter 2 feet away from the foot of the bed. The stains were dry and there were no other marks anywhere on the bed. I immediately took pictures and called the front desk to request a manager. A person named Kaylee came in and was also disgusted and was shocked that it wasn't thrown out.I explained to him that I did not want to ask for any compensation as no dollar amount could justify sleeping in urine. He understood and explained that he would take care of it and he would make things right and seemed genuinely concerned.We went for breakfast then proceeded to check out. At the front desk we saw that he did in fact request a refund, but only partial. We were still billed for things like parking, internet usage, etc. We actually paid over $100 for staying 2 nights in a bed with urine stains that may or may not have been washed (they still can't prove if it was a washed stain or if it was unwashed).I went back and told them to take the money back and I would rather pay full price then take their partial refund. It felt like a slap in the face. Even the agent at the front desk told me that if I went to him first he would have wiped the slate clean and refunded everything and agreed that it was their opportunity to make things right. He was seemed shocked that the manager didn't request a full refund. He mentioned that even him as an agent could have authorized it.I am upset that a hotel like the Hyatt could penny pinch. But my main concern is that I would never have seen this urine - it was an accident. How many other people in that hotel are sleeping on filthy bedding?How can I report this to a higher authority? Any help would be appreciated.	
Apr 14 2009 	Good place if you get the right price	We got a great deal of $61 per night through priceline. With this price, the hotel is great, even for double that price it would have been a good deal. The hotel itself is a little weird though, they only had the computer check-in machine when we checked in, so we did not actually talk to anyone about our room preference. We received a room on the 4th floor which had a giant spot light pointed directly at our window all night, the blinds blocked it out but it was not the best. Also the house keeping people we obsessed with cleaning our room between 8 and 9am, after we went to the gym (which was nice) our bed was made and we hadn't even used the shower yet. Also on other days, they waiting in the halls for people to get up. The location is good and we walked pretty much everywhere or took the train that was nearby. Other complaints about the high price of internet and food there seem a bit funny. This is a business hotel and they expect that their customers will have their businesses paying for everything. The prices for these things are the same at most other business style hotels I have been to. Just book it on priceline and use your savings to eat elsewhere, the corner bakery on Michigan was pretty good for breakfasts.	
Apr 14 2009 	Felt like a Mall	Good things first: staff was helpful and efficient and the location was fantastic. Otherwise it was a perfectly average conventioneer hotel which I would give a solid three star rating. We got the room over Easter weekend at a rock-bottom rate of $60/night through Priceline and we upgraded at a cost of $20/night at the hotel for a room with a view (#1825, corner room). The atrium of the hotel, which looks so amazing in the photos, feels like a mall or a snazzy airport terminal. It doesn't have that special four star feel that you get at the nearby InterContinental or Renaissance, which we've also stayed at. The room was a good size but it would have gone up tremendously in ambiance had the bed been on the opposite wall so as to take advantage of a spectacular view of the Wrigley Building. As it was, it looked out onto a more ordinary building. The bed was adequate with a nice down comforter but the mattress couldn't hold a candle to what you get at the Sheraton Hotel and Towers just across the river. No sweet pillow top mattress at the Hyatt!The bathroom was most disappointing. The room was dark and drab with the most annoying toilet we've ever come across. It was perfectly clean and worked perfectly well, but you had to bend low and reach under the tissue box to use the flushing lever. Most awkward. The over-the-sink lighting was not adequate and the room on the whole had a dated feel.All in all, I would say it was an &quot;okay&quot; hotel. It was clean, and the staff was well-trained, and the location on the river was great. But there are other better choices out there if you're after a four star experience.	
Apr 11 2009 	Over-rated	I have only stayed at this hotel when I have purchase the room for a bargain price on Priceline. This is NOT a 4-star hotel. It is, at best, a 3-star that happens to be in a great location. If you stay here be prepared for a massive, impersonal hotel populated by conference and convention goers.On my recent 2-night visit they were overbooked (good for them, must be the only hotel in the land in that position these days) and they offered to comp me for 1 night at the Swisshotel next door. I would have jumped at the chance, but my schedule was hectic and I couldn't afford the time to unpack and repack and schlep back to the Hyatt for the second night. Because of their over-sold position, they had to put me in a smoking room (I didn't realize those still existed) for the first night. It reeked. My clothes still smell. As compensation they gave me a $100 Hyatt gift card which is probably fair, but all things considered, I would have much preferred to have gotten the non-smoking room I booked, and for which I prepaid, for 2 nights.Because it is discounted so heavily on Priceline, I will probably wind up here again, but I hope not.	
Apr 8 2009 	Great place to stay as long as you don't book directly	This Hyatt met the standards the chain sets out. It is a very nice hotel with comfy beds and big flat screen TV's. I stayed two nights and couldn't find anything to complain about at all. I would have liked free Wifi, but 4-star hotels always seem to charge for it. The subway/elevated trains are only about three blocks away and the area seems safe even late at night. I easily walked to Navy Pier from the hotel and the convenient public transit can get you to any other place in town. If you decide you'd like to stay here though, be sure to use a third party like Priceline, where I got a rate about half the rate on the Hyatt website. Or try your negotiating skills when calling the hotel directly to book!	
Apr 7 2009 	Great experience	We stayed at the Hyatt for one night . We arrived late, at 9:30 and were exhausted from the 4 hour drive from Detroit.The check in guy, Aladin, was very helpful. He upgraded us to a Regency Club floor that included a free breakfast. You needed a special key to get to that floor. There was a beautiful lobby and a huge gorgeous martini lounge I think called the Big Bar. We were planning on going to our room, changing and showering, then going to the bar in the lobby for a drink. As soon as I laid on that bed, I was out. It was probably the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on. Me and my fiance ended up falling asleep and not waking up til 6 am the next morning! We woke up and had the breakfast that was exclusive for Regency Club guests only and it was divine. Everything was fresh and it definitely was not your typical continental breakfast. They had pepsi in glass bottles which I absolutely love and the staff was extremely nice. We left the hotel and I was sad to leave because it was such a nice hotel. The walls were very thin, you couldnt hear people talk but you could hear other rooms when they flushed the toilet or put the shower on. Also they didnt have a pool or hot tub which i was looking forward to. But that bed made up for anything that the hotel may have lacked.	
Apr 6 2009 	Horrible - will never stay there again!	Upon arrival I was told it would cost me $50 a night to park my car with the hotel. I've never paid for parking with a hotel before so you can imagine my surprise and dissapointment. After discussing this with the front desk, he really could care less. I told him I was unhappy and would be writing a bad review, he didn't care. He said I should have looked at their website closer and I would've been informed of that, however I just got done looking it over and could not find it anywhere. The rooms were musty. They wouldn't replace towels unless you request it. They had mini bars in the room and charged you $25 if you put any of your personal items in the fridge or moved anything in it. Talk about nickle and diming you!! No hot water at night. We were suppose to stay 2 nights but left after the 1st night!	
Apr 3 2009 	Poor value	This hotel must survive on convention business, because without this the facility would die rather quickly. To their credit, staff members are all polite and efficient. Rooms are DARK and OLD. While colors and furniture have been updated, the walls in my room were in poor shape. The shower head is the worst of the low flow to be found. Bathroom was old with poor lighting as well. Unless you are in Chicago at a convention is this facility, you can do much better nearby at other hotels.	
Mar 25 2009 	Highly Recommended Hotel for Conferences	Stayed here for some meetings and this property performs as expected for a Hyatt Regency Hotel. First off, the hotel is rather massive and has nice selections of restaurants and bars. The rooms themself were acceptable and fairly updated. Fitness center was nice as well. The service could be improved a bit. While friendly, the front desk staff was slow at their tasks. Being that the hotel is so large due to its convention space, it is a well-equipped conference center hotel. Location is nice being that it is in the downtown Chicago area.	
Mar 25 2009 	Unimpressed	Reasons why this Hyatt disappointed:-No free Internet in ANY part of the hotel. I understand that Chicago is a big, fairly expensive city, but even budget hotels offer free wireless. (it costs 47 cents per minute)-There was no fan or vent in the bathroom. (gross!)-Mildew on the caulking of the bathtub.-Condensation all over the window.-Mold on carpet under window due to constant condensation.-The exterior of the Hotel is hideous, one of the ugliest buildings in Chicago. -The hallways look like an outdated apartment comlpex.-The non-smoking room smelled of smoke.-There is a $25 charge if you put your own personal food items in the in-room mini fridge. Housekeeping is instructed to purge personal items daily. Personal fridges are available for a charge of $25.-Be careful not to move ANY item from the minibar because you WILL be charged even if the item was not consumed, just moved. -Definately not worth the $169 plus $26 conference rate. My employer paid for it since I was attending a conference but other people have pricelined it for as low as $60. -Parking (valet is the only option) is $48 per day.-I heard presenters at my conference comment that the conference facilities and facilitators were disorganized and mediocre.Some positives about this Hyatt:-The staff is extremely friendly-Excellent location.-The pillows on the bed were comfortable.-There is an i-pod alarm clock where you can charge your i-pod.Overall, I was very unimpressed with this hotel. I stayed a block away at the Hardrock for half the price and it was much better.	
Mar 24 2009 	Great location - but veeeeeeeeeeery pricey!	I stayed at the Hyatt Regency for a conference (held in the hotel) from March 19-21. Since the room was paid for, I brought along my husband for company. Here's what we thought:Check - in: The concierges were super nice! We arrived around 2:00pm and were able to go directly to our room.Room - nice. We upgraded to floor 24 from floor 7. Excellent choice. The walls are paper thin, but they put us at the end of a hallway, so there was less noise. We had a view overlooking Whacker Street and the Chicago River. Very nice! Didn't use the internet because it was $14 per day. Bed is large and comfy with LOTS of extra pillows. TV really sucked. Being in a town like Chicago didn't warrant a lot of time for T.V., but when we did want to use it, it was grainy and very user unfriendly.Prices - this is where they get you! Hotel parking was $48 per day. Wine at the bar was $9 per glass. Our lunch - salad and wine for me; half sandwich, soup, and 2 beers for hubby - was $55, not including tip! But, everything in Chicago is pricey, so you end up just sucking it up...Big Bar - super friendly. Never had an issue getting a cocktail.Daddy O's - once again, super friendly. I don't know how people can review that the hotel staff is unfriendly - we never experienced anything negative!Layout - took me a full day (and many wrong turns) to get to my conference rooms on time. There are 2 towers and multiple floors for conferences, so this was confusing.Some things we did that are worth mentioning:Bubba Gump Shrimp Company - fun and tasty!Walk along Navy Pier (cold in March, but neat)Cheesecake Factory - Yum, yum, yum!!Dublin's pub on Rush Street - found wonderful Hoegaarden beer.Field Museum - Sue, the largest T-Rex , is thereSears Tower - just a great viewShedd Aquarium - the Oceanarium was closed, but good place to visit overall (if you're a teacher, you can get in free!!!)Would recommend Hyatt to people, but just make sure to bring lots of extra $$$$$!	
Mar 23 2009 	Great hotel but know the tricks if you're on a budget	My wife and I stayed here for a romantic weekend. We booked on Hotwire and from my research I actually thought we would be in another property. I think we paid a good price but could have saved some more using Priceline. Hyatt Regency hotels are not designed for the budget traveler. Everything except the room itself costs extra and is grossly overpriced. For instance, internet access costs almost $14 for a day and parking is almost as much as the room. We got into trouble for using the minbar fridge for some of our own food and when we tried to access it in the morning, it had been locked remotely. We did get them to open it though. The staff are used to dealing with corporate travelers spending other people's money who don't care how much stuff costs, so any recommendations from the Concierge desk are suspect.The room itself was very nice with a great view up Michigan Avenue. The bed was comfortable; the sheets were good quality; the pillows were plump and the towels were thick and large. The bathroom could have been cleaner but I didn't notice it so I'm reporting what my wife said. The location is central as it sits right between the loop and the Magnificent Mile but if you don't like walking, you may feel that it is isolated.We lived well all weekend and did not spend an extra penny in the hotel. Here is how we did it. Some of the things we were prepared for; others we discovered by trial and error.For free internet access, there is a Corner Cafe at the intersection of Michigan and Whacker. There is also a Dominicks grocery store two blocks to the north on Columbus. If you are looking for it, you have to go down some stairs at the front of the hotels, drop-off area to access the street level below. They advertize Wifi there and I think it is free. They stay open until 1:00 am and have an excellent deli and lots of great bargains on wine if you sign up for their shopper card. We found these places on our own. The Concierge had no clue about budget travelling.We parked at Midway airport and took the CTA train to State and Lake, about four blocks from the hotel. If you had a lot of luggage, a cab would only be a few dollars but we walked it. You can get an online coupon from Parksavers for $9.00 a day and the CTA costs $2.25 or you can buy a 24-hour pass for $5.65 which we did on Saturday and it got us back to the car. Parksavers is right across the street from the CTA station.If you have been to Chicago before and done the downtown shopping and architecture admiration, we recommend getting on the CTA and exploring the neighborhoods. Lincoln Park, Wrigleyville are great. We especially loved wWcker Park which is on it's way up and still a little bit funky. You can also buy half price theater tickets online or at a booth downtown. We had a great time at an off-off broadway production.So, the Hyatt is a luxury hotel with great views and if you know how to work it, you can have a great weekend on a budget.	
Mar 22 2009 	Great hotel for a great price	I booked this hotel via priceline.com and got a great deal for about $70 per night. The hotel is in a good location just a block away from michagan avenue. The hotel room was fine, no problems with it. Room was really clean. We were located at the end of a corridor so we didnt have many people passing by, but you could hear people in the corridor when they were there. We didnt hear any noise from the rooms on either side of us though.breakfast is buffet style with the usual mix of hot and cold food. its $24 per person. Houlihans next door does something similar but with less choice for $14.Check in and out was very quick. Hotel staff all very friendly. Parking very expensive but then all hotels in chicago are like this. No free wi-fi anywhere in the hotel which is a pity.I would stay here again.	
Mar 21 2009 	Wonderful!	I was somewhat nervous about this stay. I won a bid of 57 dollars on priceline and immediately began my do my review search. The reviews were all over and I have learned to take it lightly when there is a bad review of a hotel. As was the case with the Hyatt! I do not know what some people expect but this was defiantly a 4 star hotel. The bed was amazing, extremely comfortable with alot of fluffy pillows! The room and bathroom were very clean. I would recommend this hotel to anyone! The location was great as walking to the Magnificent mile or Navy Pier was very easy and close. The staff at the hotel were very pleasant and nice. The hotel itself is beautiful and very large. Please do not hesitate to stay here.	
Mar 20 2009 	Great Hotel for the price and location!	My Boyfriend and I stayed at the hotel right before Christmas and it was a good experience.Parking was underground and of coarse you had to pay a little extra for it. On our last day they even let us keep the car down there because we weren't done sightseeing yet!We didn't eat at any of the restaurants in the hotel but we did have a drink at the bar.That night that we went a company was having thier Christmas party and the whole place was busy. We were happy to even found a seat but we did and service was excellent. They came and waited on us right away. Which was nice since it was soo busy.Overall the rooms were nice we had nothing to complain about them. Just don't open the minibar if your not going to have anything. Its case sensitive. I opened it anyways because I wanted to see what was in it but they never billed me for anything which is good.The Hotel is in the perfect spot for everything shopping is close by, we hardly took a cab and it was in the middle of Winter there~Overall our experience was great, if we were to stay in Chicago again we would def stay there again because of the spot the hotel is located in. The deal we got on the Hotel was great so no complaints from us!	
Mar 18 2009 	Location can't be beat but some issues	We just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel over St. Patty's day weekend. We paid $99 per night for this hotel, which also included 2 &quot;free&quot; buffet breakfast coupons each day through Travelzoo. I've stayed in this location before, but not at the Hyatt, at the Swissotel which is right next door. The location can't be beat, right next to the river and one block from Michigan Ave, perfect area. Although we got a great deal on the hotel, I would choose the Swissotel again, if the rates were similar. The beds in the Hyatt were extremely hard, so much so that my hips hurt in the mornings. The blankets on the bed consisted of one sheet and another thin blanket, I missed the down comforters that I'm used to in a hotel of this type. The walls were so thin that you could hear everything going on in the hallways, and even though we were on the 34th floor, we could hear traffic noise. The view we had was horrible, looked directly into an office building next door, so our curtains stayed completely closed whenever we were in the room. Breakfast buffet at Bistro 151 was good - great, even better because it was included in our rate. I loved the &quot;Big Bar&quot; a great place to meet friends, people everywhere, very bustling and fun, with good service. Friends of ours had an issue with check in, but our check in was speedy and friendly, although we had to ask for the breakfast buffet coupons, it didn't automatically show up on our ressie. Our friends issue was resolved to their satisfaction. The staff around the hotel were always very friendly stopping to say &quot;hello&quot; and ask if we needed help. Elevators were usually pretty quick, never had to wait for one, but being on the higher floor it made alot of stops while going down. High Speed internet cost $13 per day. I'd stay here again if the rate was as good, but I'd be certain to request better bedding and maybe a fan for the room to help block out some of the noise. The room was a bit tired looking, too, with dark gray walls in the bathrooms and the carpet beginning to wear a bit. Swissotel next door was fabulous, with glass enclosed showers, updated fixtures, much better beds, etc...., so it was very hard not to keep comparing. Hyatt has the better nightlife, hands down.	
Mar 18 2009 	Great Location Expensive Amenities	I stayed here for a conference over St. Patricks Day weekend. The location can't be beat, and the staff are amazingly helpful. And the rooms are decently sized with confortable beds. On the downside: the lighting in the bathrooms is wretched, making it hard to put on makeup, the cover on the boxspring had several mystery stains on it, and the food at the hotel os very pricey! I expect to be charged more when buying food and beverages, but $2.75 for a 20 bottle of pop is a bit much! And the breakfast buffet at Bistro 151 is fabulous, but at $22 a head, it had better be! All in all a good stay, just a little on the pricey side.	
Mar 16 2009 	Not at all what we were expecting	This hotel cuts corners. Checking in and out is a breeze with a great wait staff. The concierges were very helpful and knowledgeable with great tips from attractions to food. I was able to book the junior suite for $129 with a coupon found on www.travelzoo.com which included two free buffet breakfasts ($22 value each). The room was not as promising as it seemed via hotel research. The shower in the bathroom had drainage problems and flooded our floor. The ceiling had also been replaced which brings me to the conclusion that this wasn't just a problem in our room. To add to this, the craftsmanship of the replaced ceiling was not to hotel standard, seeing as it was a giant piece of drywall screwed into the top with the edges left visible. The vanity mirror looked as if it had once been ripped out of the wall and then screwed in above its original spot, seeing as there were several screws and holes below it that were painted over.The Hyatt Grand Bed was rock hard. The couch felt like it had been purchased from the clearance rack at Ikea. The hallway carpet needs to be revamped. Internet was $13.95 +tax per night.Outside of the room and wait staff, the hotel bar, &quot;The Big Bar&quot;, was at mediocre at best. They serve 44oz martinis and 103oz beer towers, which sound intriguing, but expect to wait an hour, literally, to be served. Drinks were overpriced which is to be expected for a hotel bar, but you'd think that they'd have a wait staff that cared enough to come to your table instead of gossiping with others. After stating our case to the waitress, we were giving a free tower and more free breakfast vouchers. This set us a ease for the night, but still the wait was not acceptable.In all, I will not be staying at this hotel ever again. If you for some reason want to chance it, go on priceline and bid $60 for your room. Maybe then it will be worth it.	
Mar 4 2009	We were expecting better	Correct me if I'm wrong but isn't Hyatt HQ in Chicago? In any case I went on a weekend (Feb. 19 -22 '09) shopping getaway with my mother (I'm in my mid 20's, she's in her mid 50's). We thought the location was indeed superb. Cab rides to Navy Pier or the Magnificent Mile cost us under 5 bucks and we walked when it wasn't too cold. The first room we got had a partial view of the lake up on the 21st floor but it was moldy and my mother couldn't handle it. The staff was very accomodating and moved us to another room. The next room was better in regards to smell and view but as I sat my purse down I noticed that the coffee table was filthy. It looked like someone spilled something on it and they only cleaned the glass so underneath the glass the residue was caked on - so gross. As far as the bathroom aesthetically speaking upon first glance it was nice. Upon closer inspection the counter/vanity although marble/granite was stained and so was the floor. The SINK oh goodness...washing our faces and brushing our teeth was an experience. The drain did not allow the water to go down properly so there was always residue - icky. Regarding the bed linen - I found a stain. Oh and the remote for the tv was sooooooo dirty. One more thing, for some reason it looked like the door had been forced open. It had evidence of forcible entry ( I don't know what that was about but I thought I'd add it to my comentary). There's more but my mother isn't around to speak on her observations. Wait, wait, wait...how could I forget the paper thin walls. I heard everything outside and the tv/conversations of the room beside us and everytime their toilet flush. WOW. The beds were pretty comfy. One thing we found strange was that I had a nice, warm duvet while my mother had a regular blacket on her bed. Overall though stay was fine. I would not give this place a four star rating. There might been other rooms that deserve the 4 stars but certainly not ours. There needs to be greater detail payed to cleaning the rooms. Seriously, people have to live in these rooms for a period of time so they need to be sanitary ( house keeping can help tremendously in that area). Other than my issue with the cleanliness which concerns the HK I think the staff was very nice, helpful and efficient. I can't say anything bad about them. About Hyatt corporate however I will say this...please, please, please invest some money into the adequate upkeep of this place. I know everyone is facing financial hardships but you have a reputation to maintain. Honestly, I don't think I would stay here again. I typically don't like to complain but when my hard earned money is being spent especially in recessionary times I don't like the feeling of being taken for granted. Please ignore any spelling or grammatical error. Thanks.	
Mar 1 2009 	Best customer service I've experienced in a long time.	Got this hotel on Priceline for $60/night ($216.64 for 3 nights with fees/taxes). As other reviewers have said, the nightly parking rate almost cost as much as the room. The hotel charges $48/24 hours for parking with no self-park option. Nearby I was able to find a lot for $35/24 hours. I'm sure there are cheaper options if one is willing to walk further. Arrived well before check-in time and was able to check-into room 369 (East Tower) right away which was well appreciated. Room itself was a pleasant surprise. Modern, clean for the most part, and comfortable. Huge flat screen TV, two beds, one easy chair, one additional chair and a desk chair with wheels. The bathroom was spacious; however the counter space was somewhat limited.My only complaint about the room was the hot/cold water situation. Often there was no sufficient hot water in the morning for showers. In the evening there was no cold water, hot water came out of both taps, even the cold. The fix for this was to run the bath tub on cold and let the extreme hot water drain off. Even the toilet pipes were piping hot during the evenings. Strange situation. The hot water in the morning was adequate, but not as hot as I would have liked. The hotel itself is huge with over 2000 rooms, countless meeting rooms and several massive conference/convention rooms. The hotel is divided into east &amp; west towers with indoor connecting a connecting bridge on floor 2 and tunnel on floor -1. Check-in is located on the second level with several food options on the lower level.Nothing at this hotel is inexpensive. The coffee bar, second floor bar, steak house, lobby restaurant are all very expensive. There is not a lot in the immediate area, but lots of options if one is willing to walk 10 minutes away. There is a good convience store/market behind the hotel. Prices there are reasonable for water, alcohol, snacks.The business center charges offensive rates for internet use: $7.50 per 15 minutes and $0.75 per page if one wishes to print. That said, free airline check-in and boarding pass printing is available at the conceirge desk on the second level. There are also internet terminals across from the lobby coffee shop on the first level which may be a cheaper option.As other reviewers have stated, there is a lot of noise that can be heard. Although I was not disturbed by guests on either side of me, the doorway to the hall allows a lot of noise transmission. Even with the ear plugs in that I brought, I was awoken the first day by noise in the hall: a first for me when traveling. Usually in northern hotels in the winter I find the hotel rooms very, very dry. Somehow this hotel has solved this problem. The air was always very moist. I'm not sure how they do this on such a massive scale, but I certainly appreciated it. The air always smelt 'fresh' and always had a pleasant smell.I can't say enough about the staff at this hotel. They are trained well. Everyone I encountered went out of their way to be pleasant, say &quot;hi&quot;, and ask if there was anything they could do. I saw one employee walking by an open elevator door stop and place their arm in the closing doors so a couple could make it on before the doors closed. I was allowed to make a long distance call using a phone in the lobby. Every single staff member was a plesure to deal with at this property.	
Feb 28 2009 	Gorgeous clean and friendly staff	My friend and I did a girlfriends' weekend here in late February. Got the room for $75 per night on Priceline, which was a fantastic deal. Everything was what you'd expect from a Hyatt - clean, updated rooms and fantastic service from the workers. It wasn't on the main drag (Michigan Ave.) but wasn't so far off to make it a hard walk. It might be a problem to get there on foot for disabled, elderly or folks with young kids. But it's an easy enough walk to the art museum, Millennium Park and train station and Trader Joe's on Ontario!	
Feb 27 2009 	Great central location	We booked our room on Priceline, and got a good deal at around $100 per night. We stayed for the first 2 nights of our US trip so didnt use too many of the hotel's facilitiesThe hotel is centrally located, just over the Chicago River from the shops at North Michigan Avenue, and around a mile from Navy PierOur room was clean and comfortable, and on the 29th floor we had a good view of the city, and could just about see Lake Michigan (though the weather was very bad). The layout of the room is a little peculiar, with the bed facing away from the window, but over all we have no complaints about this hotel, and unlike some other reviews we were not disturbed at all by noise from other guestsSo, pros and cons:Pros:Helpful and friendly staffClean and comfortable throughoutSpacious roomsLarge and airy public areasStarbucks and gift shop in lobbyConsA large hotel, so a long walk from the elevators to the front desk / lobby area	
Feb 24 2009 	Good Stay	Staff were friendly, room was well kept like a typical Hyatt location. Hotel is huge, with two buildings and over 2000 rooms. Good location, close to Michigan Ave and the subway. Parking is $48/day. Ouch! I bid on it on Priceline for $59.	
Feb 13 2009 	80's style convention hotel	I was there for a convention as were all of the other guests. The rates were good. The rooms view was awesome. the room was tiny. The restaurant Stetsons was pricey but excellant. the morning buffet breakfast was very good but very expensive. The fitness center was good. the &quot;Big Bar&quot; was a hopping place with so-so food. It is the only late night option for food other than room service. I would go back because it has a great location, a great view, and good pricing for the room.	
Feb 5 2009 	Great place for business travelers	A group of us planned a business trip up in the windy city during January. I have used the Hyatt before [years ago] and remembered I enjoyed my stay so I booked 20 of us in it again.Check in was friendly and easy. My room was on the 12th floor and the others were higher up. The elevators, although plenty of them, where very slow and seemed to stay on the penthouse/executive levels for extended periods of time. There is a great work out room but can get very crowded and overbearing especially if you are trying to use free weights at all. I finally gave up on working out on day 4 because it was just too much [not the hotels fault] so if you do enjoy working out, best to bring some bands or other items to use in your room.The rooms were spacious, updated and clean. I had no issues with housekeeping although I felt there may have been some snooping in my stuff while I was out [nothing stolen but just not how I left it]. The TV is large and swivles so you can view it from the table and work area, the bathroom was a good size. The lighting in the bathroom really is poor but they do offer a magnifying mirror that has a light so that is a bonus. I heard from co-workers that their water pressure absolutely stunk, but mine was excellent. There is 'The big bar' downstairs or as we like to call it, the wall of liquor! Always packed and very friendly wait staff. Great area to eat or have a night cap. The breakfast buffett was amazing but was $22 dollars a person. So we ate their once and then either got something from the vendor across from the giftshop or ate at the Billy Goat Tavern which is across the bridge. We did rent out the Astor Suite one night for a customer meeting. The suite was awesome and again the staff that helped us make the meeting a sucess was great.There was always taxis available if needed and plenty to do! The location of this hotel is great and although the photos I have added are not amazing they do give you a feel for the place. Overall, I would definately stay at the Hyatt again!	
Feb 2 2009 	Professional Staff at the Hyatt	I stayed at the Hyatt this past weekend with my wife and 10 month old Daughter. We booked a standard king with reward points and a special rate with parking and breakfast included. The room was small, but the staff had added a crib as requested. My only complaint about the Hotel were the walls, like stated before, they are very thin. It wasn't a problem the first couple of nights, as there were not many other people on our floor. That was probably good, as our Daughter was adjusting (read: crying and screaming) during the first couple of nights. The last night, some younger folks decided to have a large party in their room down the hall from us. We called security, who prompty came to their room to quit them down...and they were fine after that. The breakfast buffet is very nice, and the Gold Passport, Security, and check-in staff for very professional and courteous. I was very impressed.Other than the thin walls and noise issues (wich didn't last long) we had a nice stay, but will probably opt for a suite to give our daughter a separate room to sleep.	
Jan 27 2009 	It was awesome!	I booked this hotel through priceline. I was hoping to get the Intercontinental, so from the get go, I was not that happy. After reading the reviews on here, I was nervous as well.I got the hotel for $60 a night, so in that aspect, I was happy! The hotel was very impressive. It was big and the lobby was nice. It was one of the nicer hotels we have stayed at and we have stayed at many!They bumped our room up so we had a view of the frozen Michigan River which was nice! We visited the Big Bar which had delicious big drinks and the food was really great, a touch on the pricey side, but worth it!The hotel is in a great location! Walking distance from a lot of sightseeing. I have nothing but great things to say about this hotel. The negatives would be the parking, but we stayed during the weekend and managed to park at a meter (which is free on Sundays). All in all, the walls are a little thin, but we had a corner room so it was not that bad. The staff was very nice and helpful. I was impressed with the computers at the concierge which are able to print your boarding passes. That was a nice treat. Also, they have really good Starbucks hot cocoa for a good price as well.:)Enjoy your stay! You really will be happy with the end result:)	
Jan 20 2009 	Great Hotel	nice, large, clean rooms. close to everything. could easily walk anywhere. easy check-in/check-out with the self-check kiosk. the walls were a little thin. bed was extremely comfortable. great views, especially from my 20th floor room. got a great deal from Entertainment one time offer - Junior suite for $99/night.	
Jan 20 2009 	Perfect Stay!!!	I had booked the room through name your own price, Priceline and got an awesome deal. I know the economy is down but this deal was a great one. I called after I made the reservation and requested a King room. Because on Priceline you really dont know what your getting. You just know you got the room. Check in was smooth and the staff was very friendly. We got the King room we had requested. It was room 2401. The room was located on the end, so we had no problem with noise. Some people are commenting on the walls being paper thin. We heard no additional outside noise. The room was great. No complaints at all. Valet is 48 dollars a day but there is a parking garage right next to the hotel which has the standard 34 dollars for 18 to 24 hours, as im sure that is where your car is going anyway if you use the hotel. Taxi service was great; we had no problems getting one. Once we got back to the hotel after our evening out we went to the BIG BAR. It was crowded but we found a table no problem. Service there was good as well Server was very friendly. As far as drinks being expensive as some people have noted. Its a hotel, in the middle of downtown Chicago. Youre not at the Holiday Inn in Madison Wisconsin people. Once back to the room we ordered some room service and it also came in a timely manner, and was very good. When it came time to check out the staff was great. Quick and efficient. I would recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 1 2009 	Not 4-star very noisy thin walls poor food	Okay, the location is great. And I asked to be up high, so they put me on the 25th floor with a lake view. The staff was really nice. But I was disappointed in the hotel itself. My room was artsy and attractive, but the walls were extremely thin. I could hear normal conversations in the rooms on either side and also in the hallway quite loudly. In fact the entire hotel is very loud. Usually in a 4-star place there are options for quiet, like at least one classy upscale restaurant in which to have a fine meal. Not here. The finest on-site restaurant is the Chop House, which had a noisy crowd. The atrium has another restaurant, a bistro, and a bar, but the cavernous space makes everything sound like Disneyland. The only other small restaurant is Pronto Mama's, where the deli cases and fridges hum at a frighteningly high volume and the loud overhead music can't be turned down (I asked, the waiter was helpful but apparently the volume is fixed). So the meal was accompanied by Volare and Frank Sinatra blasting overhead. But then let's talk about the food. I ordered grilled salmon on a bed of pesto pasta. The pasta, instead of being lightly tossed with pesto was drenched in it, with cheese so thick the pasta glommed together, all swimming in an olive oil soup. The salmon was so coated in pepper that my mouth burned -- there was no warning on the menu that this dish would be spicy or &quot;picante,&quot; plus it's pretty hard to mess up salmon -- but that's what they did. Note that they also nickle and dime you at this hotel with extra charges such as high-speed internet for the exhorbitant rate of $16 per day. If you want a room that's *visually* attractive but you don't mind paper thin walls and you plan to eat elsewhere, this hotel would be fine. But I wouldn't call it 4-star, and I don't think the price is worth what you get. Altogether I was disappointed in this property.	
Dec 29 2008 	Great Location - Paper Thin Walls	I was looking for a hotel close to Michigan Avenue that was around $100. I was able to get a $89 rate through the Hyatt web site. The Big Bar was cool but the drinks were very expensive. I guess you are paying for the view. Our room was decorated nicely and clean but the walls are paper thin. I could hear conversations clearly outside our room. I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. Especially the concierge. If I had remembered my earplugs, I would have given this hotel an above average rating. All in all the hotel was worth the $89 per night. One plus is the free trolley stops outside the hotel.	
Dec 21 2008 	I don't know why Hyatt keeps their name on this hotel	This hotel is fine if your idea of service is a particularly nice Holiday Inn in the late 1970's. The only trouble is, they think they deserve 2008 rates. The place is a huge mess architecturally, With a dated, ugly lobby that is either too hot or too cold, depending on Chicago's weather. The staff is friendly, but poorly managed: Apparently no one has ever instructed the housekeepers not to shout down the hall to each other, and a used room service tray sat in the hall across from my room, unattended and unlovely, for a day and a half, until I finally called Room Service and asked them to take it awayThe &quot;Big Bar&quot; is an expensive, incredibly mediocre establishment where you can expect to wait 15 minutes with a dirty glass from a previous customer in front of you before you are approached by a bartender. The one bright spot is Stetsons: The resident steakhouse, which has a nice staff, and at least a bit of an idea of service. Seriously, Hyatt is not doing themselves any favors by keeping their name on this thing. I'm sure it's a cash cow, as they have plenty of convention space here, and something like 2000 rooms, but you'd think Hyatt - with their corporate headquarters around the corner - would think twice about this blight on their brand. Tear it down, rebuild it, and start over with a well-trained and well-managed staff.	
Dec 21 2008 	Great location though poor in service	I stayed there for six nights and the only major problem I encountered was when they gave me a 4th floor room where the bathroom sink was broken. I called them and was put on hold for 20 minutes, then waited an hour for the service maintenance to come in. The maintenance said that it was going to take him a couple of hours to fix! When he said this, I packed my luggage and asked the reservation desk to give me another room --they knew I was not happy and didn't question my room change request. So I ended up on the 22nd floor and had a great view of the river. Other than that, the rest of my stay was pretty good. The location couldn't have been better as the hotel property is in the heart of Chicago downtown, just a block away from the Magnificent Mile. Getting taxis were pretty easy as they lined up in front of the hotel almost all the time. There were about three different conventions going on in the hotel during my stay, so every morning was a hustle and bustle --if you're looking for a serene atmosphere, this hotel is not what for you. There's also lines at the concierge most of the time so make time for that. I had breakfast there for one morning and wasn't too impressed but I do love the fact that there is a Starbucks inside the hotel. I wished they had free Wi-fi because I travel with my laptop all the time and had to pay for connectivity per day.	
Dec 19 2008 	Convenient location in the loop	We've stayed here before, so we knew what to expect. Great location if you're staying in the Loop and hitting Michigan Avenue. No issues at all with the hotel.	
Dec 15 2008 	Not a problem to be had...	Got a great deal for a 500 square ft room on the 22nd floor for $95 through Orbitz. Would go back there is a second. They had a perfect location and great staff. ASked the concierge about a good sushi restaurant. He gave us directions and the name of his sister who worked there, who would take care of us. Room was perfect to relax and sleep. I woke up at 930 saturday morning thinking it was still the middle of the night it was so dark and quiet in there.We were out on the town most of the time so we didnt eat at our hotel, but friends told us they were very good.Dont let negative reviews steer you away from here. They are 1 in a 100. Get a good rate, go to the Hyatt to sleep, but go enjoy Chicago instead of complaining about taxis and noise.	
Dec 8 2008 	paper thin walls	We recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency while attending a conference there. It is a large hotel, but we never experienced waiting very long for the elevators. the work out facility is very nice. However, that is about the only positive. We quickly found out the rooms are VERY noisy! We could hear complete conversations in the room next to us. We were lucky enough to have neighbors that decided to have those converstations at 2:30 am after bar time. We also had a broken phone in the room and the heater made a horrible noise when it kicked on. We ended up turning it off at night so we could sleep. The day we left they finally fixed it. It is in an excellent location. It was extremely difficult to get a taxi though. There was a line of about 12-15 people waiting for a cab in the evening. Overall it was convenient to stay here while the conference was going on, but I would never choose to return for a leisure trip, Also there is a $48/night parking fee which is outrageous.	
Nov 17 2008 	Decent Hotel for the Cheap Rate	I booked at stay at the Hyatt Regency for Nov. 14 - 16, 2008. I was able to get unusually cheap rate ($95 per night) for the downtown area by booking the hyatt.com non-refundable internet rate. Once I booked the hotel, I came to this site and read the reviews and immediately became concerned from all the negative comments. I have stayed at this hotel once before but about five years ago after the renovation. I called the hotel and told them I was concerned about the quality of my stay after reading multiple negative reviews on various sites. At that time, the gentleman I spoke to upgraded me to a Deluxe King room with a view. Upon arriving, I didn't have any problem with check-in at the hotel as it went fairly quickly and without a hitch. As far as the room it was spacious and clean. The bathroom was clean but not that large and there was nothing fancy about it. Also on our second evening there, we got ready to shower and head out for the night only to find there was no hot water. The highlight of this room was the upgraded room. We we on the 26th floor with an awesome view of the Chicago River and Michigan Avenue. After getting over the cold water obstacle on our second night, we headed downstairs to hit the town. I already had the address in hand but needed directions. The concierge desk was closed but I figured it would be no big deal to either use one of the computers in the business center or ask one of the front desk clerks to mapquest directions for me (Other hotels have done this before). The business center was closed and the front desk clerk told me they didn't have access to the internet to look up directions for me. I went outside and asked one of the valets for directions and none of them could provide any either. That was quite a bit irritating. You would think at minimum the hotel could provide a 24-hour business center or free wifi services in the rooms. I didn't bother bringing my laptop with me because of the ridiculous daily rate they charge for internet service.Overall, I enjoyed my stay at the Hyatt Regency. However, this is a 4-star hotel and the average rate is around $250 per night. I would never pay that rate to stay at this hotel. I can name at least ten others in the downtown vicinity that offer a better rate and better accomodations. While the room was clean, it was a bit dull and drab and you can tell that this hotel is in need of some updating and renovations. The walls were also paper thin. You could hear everything from your next door neighbors conversation to late night party-goers ending their nights loudly in the hallways.Next issue is with parking, I understand that I am downtown and a lot of the hotels charge a similar rate but to me $48 per night is so ridiculous especially when you add this on to the average rate for these hotels.To sum things up. Positives: - If you are lucky enough to get a room with a view- If you are lucky enough to find a decent internet rate. Negatives: - Rooms need renovations- Bathroom are not up to par - For the price internet service should be free - No refrigerators/microwaves in the rooms- No soda machines in the hallways, you are forced to pay $5.00 for a soda or water out of the mini-bar- Paper thin walls. We were constantly interrupted/awakened by outside noise- Trouble with hot waterFor a hotel of this calibur I would expect a whole lot more. Again, I wouldn't stay unless I got a good internet rate or booked on Priceline. The Palmer House Hilton, W Hotel, Westin, Hotel Monaco, and Doubletree are all cheaper and better options for your money.	
Nov 14 2008 	Marginal Hotel at best	I stayed at this hotel to attend a conference at the hotel. Most of the reviews of this hotel are spot on - it is exactly like staying at the airport and I don't mean like staying at an airport hotel, it is like staying in the middle of the terminal! The lobby is really crowded and noisy no matter what time you pass through. The service is very impersonal and when we complained about not getting the room we reserved and about our less than clean room, they responded as if they were reading from a script and could have cared less that we were unhappy. It was like they had heard it all before. The other reviews were also correct about the noise - you can hear everything in this hotel including your neighbors potty flushing in the middle of the night. Thankfully, we were at the end of the hall so we didn't have to hear people passing by our room to go to the elevator but I can only imagine what others must have heard. If you stay in the East Tower on the backside (as we did) be aware - there is a fire station across the street and they literally had calls in the wee hours of the morning every night we were there. There are not enough restaurants in the hotel to handle the number of people staying there. The lines are long, the food is expensive and not great. Hope that your conference is feeding you lunch (mine did not) or you won't have time to eat and get back to the afternoon sessions if you try to eat at the hotel due to the long lines and slow service. There was only one real restaurant serving lunch. There also are not enough elevators - we spent many times waiting 10 minutes for an elevator or having to pass up two or three elevators in a row because they were too full by the time they got to our floor. This hotel really is in a great location for walking to Michigan Avenue for all the shopping and dining. However, there are a lot of other hotels just as convenient so I would recommend staying in one of those unless you have to stay at the Hyatt. I liked Chicago and the next time I go, I will be staying somewhere else.	
Nov 13 2008 	Good hotel if you get a good rate	Got a great price through a convention rate, however when you do that be prepared for a total mob scene!! The taxi line downstairs looked like the ones you see at the airport, YIKES!Hotel was fully booked so only had 2 double beds despite my king bed reservation. Again when you have a big hotel like this that is packed be prepared to wait for alot of things (elevators, coffee, etc...) Room was nice, great mega flat screen tv (but no HD???). Bathrooms need a bit updating but not bad, however, be warned the shower pressure is TERRIBLE (packed large hotel usually equates to bad water pressure).For the $$ it was a great value, would not pay more than other comparable hotels in the area as I dont think you need to.	
Nov 4 2008 	Great Location	Stayed for 2 nights, Oct 31-Nov 2, 2008Hotel: Extremely busy and large.Check in/out: QuickParking: $48 valet parking. We stayed for 2 nights so were expecting to pay for 2 nights of parking, but they only charged us for one. We were not the only ones to get a day taken off, other people in the checkout line had similar experiences.Room: Clean, spacious bathroom, minimal toiletries provided. We had a view of the river which was nice. At night, you could hear the wind. If you need a fridge in the room, you can't use the mini-bar, instead you have to rent one for $25 for the duration of your stay. There is no free internet service, or pool. The breakfast buffet is $22, but if you go across the street to Houlihan's, it is $14.Location: Excellent. Just south, across the bridge of the magnificent mile, and just north of Millenium Park. But off on it's own enough to feel like you're not in the middle of caos (like the hotels on the magnificent mile)Overall: Would be happy if I had another winning bid through Priceline to stay here again.	
Nov 3 2008 	Good hotel great location	Stayed for 5 days on business. The hotel is centrally located. All the major sights of Chicago are within walking distance. The concierge was extremely helpful in giving me maps, info, and suggestions on how to get the most of my limited time for sight-seeing.The rooms are spacious with all the necessary amenities, flat screen TV, iron (an item I've come to treasure as not all hotels have one per room). I also had a great view of the river. I didn't make extensive use of the amenities due to limited free time, but the staff was always more than courteous. The greeter did a great job of directing traffic so that you waited as little time as possible for the proper staff to assist you.It's a very large hotel, with 2 towers, so if busy elevators and a loud lobby are not your thing, you might want to look elsewhere. Otherwise, I recommend the hotel, especially for its location.	
Nov 1 2008 	Nice Hotel	I attend a business conference in Chicago each year and have stayed at the Hyatt Regency the past two visits. The hotel is located on Lake Michigan and has very nice accomodations. It is walking distance from the fantastic shopping on Michigan Ave; however, in the winter months may be an unbearable walk due to the cold winds. As an alternatitive the cab ride is only minutes away (but be aware, last trip we had a cabbie that didn't realize we knew the area well and decided to take a long detour and ran the meter up to $15 (its only $3-5 cab ride). I was very impressed by our doorman who when we arrived and explained the situation, immediately took action and called the city's consumer afairs line and reported him explaining he was no longer welcome to do business at his hotel. The hotel restaurant is excellent and there is a nice business lounge that stays busy on most evenings. Rooms are nice and staff is very accomodating	
Oct 26 2008 	Good business hotel	I was there for 2 nights on business. It's a good, normal business hotel and room.The elevators are a little slow. Because the hotel has radiant heating and cooling, it takes a while to change the temperature in the room.The bar has a great view of the river. When you check in ask for a 'river view' or 'lake view'. The bed was very comfortable and had a nice flat screen TV.	
Oct 24 2008 	Great Location	This hotel was part of a package deal on Travelocity. The location was great! Easy access to the mag mile &amp; opera. The room was very pleasant, clean and comfortable, although the dark modern-style decor seemed a little cold. The hotel was huge and getting to the room a bit of a trek due to the layout. However, it was good value for an upscale hotel and the location was great.	
Oct 23 2008 	location was super	Very fun stay in Chicago. Stayed on 3rd floor of hotel, directly across from fire station. We were impressed with windows. At first we thought, &quot;hope they don't get a call&quot;. They did get a call in the night though; we did not hear it.Check-in and check-out were very smooth with self check units. We didn't have to wait in line. Bell staff was polite and helpful. Housekeeping was friendly and room was clean. Carpeting was beyond repair in two spots. That should have been replaced. Other than that we liked our room.Big Bar was fun. Italian restaurant was awful tasting and over priced. J's &quot;24 hour&quot; snacks was closed at 2 a.m. when we were hungry. That was a bummer.In general, we were happy with our stay. There were lots of great places to eat outside of the hotel.	
Oct 21 2008	A Dream Hotel!	I am a frequent traveller and I have stayed at different hotels, however, Hyatt Hotel is the best of them all. My nephew and I always book through priceline.com and I still can't believe that a very exquisite hotel like Hyatt will accept our offer! For a very low price offer, we get to stay at a 4-star hotel! Hyatt is so clean, so classy, so contemporary.. I can't wait to sleep in those beds again! I highly recommend Hyatt Regency Hotel to all travellers.	
Oct 17 2008 	Fantastic Location	I just returned from a 3 night convention stay at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago. No hotel is more centrally located in the heart of the city than the Hyatt. It is within walking distance of outstanding shopping, museums and sights. Even late into the evening, I never felt unsafe walking in neighborhood around the Hotel. The room I had appeared to be recently remodeled. It was clean and comfortable. The bed was outstanding. I was on the 28th floor and never had to wait more than a 1/2 minute for an elevator. The room was quiet and there was little hallway noise. In general, I would say that this property ranks among one of Hyatt's best. I look forward to returning to Chicago, and the Hyatt will be the place I want to stay.	
Oct 14 2008 	BIG Convention Hotel - Impersonal but efficient	This is a LARGE convention hotel. It has all sorts of services and restaurants. Rooms are clean and decent size. Efficient, if impersonal service. Good location just south of the Chicago River, so is within walking distnce (in good weather) of the Magnificant Mile shops, eateries and attractions. Underground connection to the Illinios Center which allows access to some shopping and dining without going outside.This hotel was way too crowded for my taste, but if you are attending a convention and this is one of the convention hotels, it is a fine choice. However, if you are a tourist, other properties are more likely to suit your needs.	
Oct 13 2008	Great stay for Chicago Marathon weekend	I booked a couple of rooms via Hotwire and then visited trip advisor as always to see what guests had to say about this hotel. I was really nervous after reading a number of negative comments posted but as you know there is no refunds or changing your mind when you book through Hotwire so I entered the weekend with low expectations. Well we had a great stay, location is A++ to the mag mile and the other downtown attractions and the front desk allowed early check in and a late check out which was really nice. In addition they were able to accomodate a room with a view and the rooms were of reasonable size whcih isn't always the case in Chicago hotels.It is indeed a massive hotel and the lobby is hectic but overall I thought it was a great place to stay and I would stay there again without a doubt.	
Oct 9 2008 	Bad Experience at the Hyatt Regency Round 2	We stayed at the Regency on the 26-28th of September. There was a large group of us going to Chicago for a work event and I found a great rate through Travel Zoo. I believe we booked 8 rooms. My husband and I stayed at the Hyatt a few years back during the Christmas holidays and had a so so stay so I was hoping for a better stay this time. Upon check in my husband opted for a nicer suite and paid $20/more per night. I think the bonus was the view out the window and going up to the hospitality room which wasn't really all that great since you had to pay for liquor (honor bar). I think juices and coffee/tea was free. The room was fine. Nothing to blog/brag about. I will say that the lobby area can be a crazy zoo. I think on the weekend nights it turns into a night club. I didn't experience it but that's what people told me. I will say what was horrible was all the Philly fans who were staying at the hotel. My husband is born and bred Chicagoan and was wearing a Bears jersey. He walked by the bar and had 500 people booing him. It was all fun though b/c we didn't care. Must have sucked for all those people to come out to Chicago and lose. Oh well for them. Anyways what made the stay horrible: $48 valet. If you stay overnight at the hotel, you have to pay $48. There is no self park. There is a parking lot close by for $30 but you have to walk a distance and what's the point. It's not really the cost that kills me. It does kill me but when you have horrible service and are paying that much, it's a real dupe. At that price I would expect the customer service to be outstanding. It wasn't. My husband had called down one morning to get the car because he had to be somewhere for work. He called about 15 minutes ahead. Once he got to the valet stand, it took another 20 minutes on top of his 15 minutes warning to pull up the car for the car to come. He ran late for his work event. Horrible. Then they mixed up our tickets when we were leaving for the airport to leave Chicago for home. 2nd really horrible thing: On the Saturday evening, my husband went out with his coworkers. I decided to stay in and just watch some tv. At about 11pm I heard a lot of noise in the hallway but didn't think much of it. It wasn't crazy but it was loud. At about 11:30pm I realized I hadn't put on the do not disturb sign. So I opened up my door to put the sign on the handle and a water bottle that was leaning on my door tipped over into my room spilling liquid on the carpet. The liquid hit my feet and I was startled being half asleep. I picked up the water bottle and felt that it was a bit warm and then looked at the liquid and it was yellow. Someone had urinated in a water bottle and left it leaning on my door. I called the manager on duty and they apologized and then sent up security to clean up the mess. Security came and cleaned up but they didn't even put any effort into cleaning up the spill. They took the bottle and then wiped the carpet using their shoes and sprayed some cleaning agent all around the area. The room smelled like chemicals. I can't believe that all I got was a sorry and some chemicals. Obviously the Hyatt doesn't care about repeat customers. I told my husband and he was furious. He complained at front desk. They said they could not find out who did it because there were no surveillance cameras up there. They said it was an invasion of privacy. Somehow I don't believe it. I am just going to say that the 2 times at the Hyatt it has not been great stays. We've stayed at so many hotels in downtown Chicago. From the Swissotel, Westins, Ws, InterCon, Knickerbocker, Drake, Renaissance, etc. After this I will never stay at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago.	
Oct 1 2008 	Great location	Stayed here for 3 nights for a Bridgestone/Firestone convention. No complaints. Room was great with a beautiful view. Staff was very accommodating. Had drinks and appetizers in main bar. Fantastic! Great location. Yes it's a huge hotel as it's used for conventions but that didn't stop it from being a great place.	
Sep 30 2008 	Okay for business nonsmoking not enforced	We stayed at this hotel to attend a business conference. Our taxi dropped us off at the east tower. Inside, the lobby was immensely busy. The reviewers that likened this to an airport terminal are right on. We rode the escalator up to the 2nd level, where fortunately there were no lines wating for registration. They offered we could upgrade to a river view room with king bed. Neither were available when I reserved a room before our trip. The special conference rates were booked up so we paid $300/night for the river view room.Our room was located across the street in the west tower, which we accessed through the skywalk. Although a bit tired looking, the room was clean and comfortable with a great view of the Wrigley Building, Tribune Tower, riverwalk, etc. The bathtub/shower combo didn't have any mold but a few tiles needed to be regrouted. The toilet was quite unexpected for this grade of hotel. It's nothing more than the standard tankless industrial toilet with metal flush lever. (think airport restroom - I guess it matches the hotel airport lobby!) While the toilet was certainly functional, the real problem is that the flush lever is back behind the toilet, hidden beneath and behind the built in facial tissue bin - forcing you to become a bit of a contortionist to simply try and flush the thing. The bathroom also has no exhaust fan, which creates a hot sauna after your shower. The air conditioning / heating system is radiant and was covered by the built in valance over the window. We never got the temperature right for us in the room and wished there would have been a whooshing noise from a fan to mask the noise from the room next door and the hallway. The air circulation from a fan would have been nice also. Another problem was there was a big gap underneath the room door, making it impossible to keep out the cigarette smoke on our &quot;nonsmoking&quot; floor. The person in the room next to us smoked worse than a chimney. It was disgusting but they were allowed to continue. We had plenty of hot water but they were quite skimpy with toiletries and amenities. We were given only one small bar of bath soap to last 3 nights; no shower cap, mending kit or any of the little extras even some cheap hotels provide.None of the hotel restaurants were open for dinner our first two nights there. Breakfast buffet in the lobby bistro was $22, food was very good. For something quick 24/7, there's an express market in the lobby where you can buy snacks, drinks, prepared food, etc., with a microwave and toaster to prepare what you buy. We ordered room service for breakfast one morning. the food was okay - mind you - breakfast is served only in the east lobby restaurant so by the time they got it across the street and up to our room, it was only lukewarm.We do not have subways and such where we live and are not used to walking in tunnels underneath buildings. It would have been greatly helpful if the Hyatt had maps or brochures in the rooms explaining their tunnel system. There is a skywalk connecting the east and west hotel towers. Once you're in the west tower you can go down to the Bronze level (take elevator to 1st floor, escalator down to Bronze) and walk through that tunnel to the Illinois Center. You'll find a small grocery store, shops and restaurants. We ate at Houlihan's, accessed through the tunnel or Wacker street, since the hotel restaurants were closed. There is also a great little grocery store called Brookwinkles, just one block south of the hotel on Stetson (the street separating the east and west towers). Hotel parking is $48/night. Internet is $14/day. If you use the computer in their Cyber Cafe, be prepared to pay $28/hour. The hotel is located near the south end of the Miracle Mile, so it's a bit of a walk to all the shopping. Tiffany's and Macy's is about two miles walk roundtrip. The hotel has a courtesy shuttle from the east Tower/Lobby to the Navy Pier. Their customer service was outstanding. One nice feature was being able to print our boarding tickets from their special courtesy terminals (located in the concierge area in the east lobby). I might stay here again on a business trip, especially if the conference is in the same hotel. Otherwise, for a personal trip, I'd probably opt for a quieter hotel elsewhere.	
Sep 25 2008 	Okay	I just returned from a long weekend in Chicago and our stay at the Hyatt was just ok after three separate rooms.Our first impression of the hotel was that it was extremely busy. My wife likened the lobby to an airport and I think that was a good comparison. There are people waiting on lines everywhere for the front desk, the concierge, the coffee bar, etc.We arrived a bit early and checked in. Unfortunately our room was not ready, but the person behind the desk said that we were going to be put in a room with a lake view. Within a half hour they called me to say the room was ready, but we did not come back to the hotel until mid afternoon. We assumed that a room was reserved for us, but unfortunately there were no lake view rooms left.We were given three different rooms, one with a view of the lobby, one which backed on to the service elevator shaft and was very loud, and a suite with the same elevator problem. Luckily the service elevators don't run at night.We ended up staying in the suite they gave us which was large and had a nice sitting area and wet bar. Although, listening to the elevator woosh by every minute or two was very annoying.The layout is very strange and it looks like the building was converted to a hotel at some time. Our large suite had only a stall shower and the closet was in the bathroom.The location was great though. It was right on the river and near the Miracle Mile.Main tip: MAKE SURE YOUR ROOM IS NOWHERE NEAR THE SERVICE OR PASSENGER ELEVATORS.	
Sep 25 2008 	Time for an update	I was in Chicago on business recently and stayed at this hotel. I had stayed here several years before and I loved it but this time, not so much. The room was strange because it had been updated but still looked old, it's hard to explain it. I think it was because even with all the lights on it was still on the darkish side. The floor was not flat - it had a few large bumps and dips under the carpet, which was surprising and strange. And there was a large enough gap under my door into the hallway that I could clearly see daylight and shadows when people passed by. I would guess I could have fit my whole hand (flat) out the gap up to my wrist. These things made me wonder if there was a structural concern.As I like my room cool, I went immediately to the thermostat to crank it down low, and I looked around and could not see any vents - there was though a large duct that went across the ceiling in front of the window (they backlit the duct which was smart, otherwise it would have been unsightly, but even backlit, it's pushing it), and I have to say I had low expectations here but the room did cool off. If you are someone who likes &quot;white noise&quot; or the whirr of an AC unit, don't expect that here...I have to say the climate unit was silent. Speaking of noise though, you hear EVERYTHING here - doors slamming, toilets flushing, etc. I had to quickly shower and run out to a dinner, and when I went into the bathroom, that is where the problems began. The toilet was one of those industrial ones with no tank and just a lever. I don't care about that but I was surprised, for a Hyatt Regency. Next, there was no hot water. I let it run for a good 5 minutes and then since I was in a hurry, I called the front desk and they seemed unconcerned, they asked me if I had &quot;let the water run 10-15 minutes&quot; and I said no, I was hoping for immediate hot water. The lady was apologetic and said they could send someone up, and I said fine but that I had to leave, so they could come in and take a look in my absence (wasn't crazy about that but what choice did I have?). Then I went to grab a towel and take my luke warm (at best) shower. Well...the towel had a long black hair going down it's entire length and I cringed. So I threw that one on the floor and grabbed another one and this one had part of a fake eyelash on it. I was beginning to freak out now, being a germaphobe as it is. The last towel seemed acceptable and I had to use it, but trust me, I used it sparingly. I promptly called the front desk back (this is SO unlike me but that was the last straw) and the lady said they would have 2 sets of clean towels sent up, she was very apologetic. If I had more time I would have just asked her to please get me a new room. Once those things were ironed out, my stay was fine, nothing great, but no more issues arose. The water was hot the rest of my stay and I have to say the staff was very receptive and nice, from check-in to the above-mentioned issues.The only other thing is that I would have liked more outlets...I needed to iron each day and the only plug that I could find that was in easy reach was in the bathroom and it was very awkward ironing in the little foyer outside the bathroom. Beautiful flat screen TV - loved it. The beds were average - coworkers of mine also staying in the hotel said the sheets were not big enough for the bed and their feet were against mattress, and hence they had to remake their beds. Luckily mine was not short-sheeted.I did not use any of the amenities of the hotel. The multi-story lobby was OK. Overall, I would say this hotel is in a great location but needs to be upgraded in a few major ways including bathrooms, bedding, and just general upkeep. I would stay again on business travel I suppose, but certainly not on personal travel, as it is pricey and I would certainly expect more for my money.	
Sep 22 2008 	Unnecessarily unaccomodating	I have had a stressful experience at this hotel. I booked this through a conference for what I thought was the 21st to the 24th only to find out that my reservation was made for the 20th to the 24th (possibly my fault, possibly booking error). When I arrived from my flight, I found out that my entire reservation had been cancelled without a phone call and so I was charged both the room cancellation fee and had no place to stay. They were kind enough to allow me to stay one additional night but explained that they were overbooked and so I might not get a hotel room tommorow. In fact, they were not overbooked as I can book one of several rooms at a higher rate on their website. when I went back downstairs for clarification I came to understand that in fact they are overbooked for our group, not for the hotel. It bewilders me that they can not provide the courtesy (at $240 a night) of extending my stay 2 nights when they have capacity PARTICULARLY to a customer that had originally booked those two nights. The front desk staff and guest services are courteous, which I appreciate.	
Sep 20 2008 	Needs a renovation	The service at the Hyatt is still very good. We called housekeeping a few times during our stay and they were always more than happy to oblige to our requests.As for the room, the bathroom definitely needs updating. The stone around the sink was cracked and the faucet was crooked and loose. The floor had spots on it and the grout was looking really old as well. There is barely any counterspace to place your toiletries as well.The beds were comfortable and lots of pillow were provided, which I liked. However, the rooms are loud where you can hear water running through the pipes, the TV on in the room next door, and our toilet would randomly flush on its own. Also, there was a mysterious pink spot on the carpet, which was somewhat unappealing.The location of the hotel is right by Michigan Avenue and all the shops, as well as well known restaurants. This place is very, very popular for meetings and conferences. During the later part of the week you have to wait a while for an elevator, and oftentimes it's full so you have to wait for another.At $225 a night for the weekday, I really think this hotel could use some updating.	
Sep 19 2008 	Re-design required! Poor Value.	Previous reviewers have used the words &quot;tired&quot; and &quot;older&quot; for this property and I concur. However I was totally amazed at the appalling design of the place. Your limo, taxi or bus drops you at the front entrance, and then you're told that registration is on the next floor up the escalators. OK, so they want to have shops and restaurant on the floor where you arrive, but we had a room in the West Tower and every time we returned to the hotel it was to have to go up the escalator, through the crowd at reception, and then take the walkway to the West Tower. In the room the poor design continued - just two 18&quot; x 18&quot; drawers for my wife and I to unpack our belongings for a four day stay - I object to living out of my suitcase at the price they charge.... - the bathroom has a small shelf round the sink which does not have enough space for 2 washkits and a make-up bag. It gets worse! The toilet has a small shelf above it with the flush handle set back under the shelf - if you have a bad back as I do then expect to have to drop to your knees every time you want to flush.... And worse still! The container for the bathroom tissues is set into the side of the shelf above the toilet bowl so when the lid or seat is lifted they lean against the tissue box - obviously the bathroom designer was lacking in basic hygiene knowledge!We were there for a convention and paying over $300 per night - NOT WORTH IT! Previous reviewers talk of priceline and hotwire rooms around $100 to $140 - that's probably the right range. You can get more space, better layout, free internet (Hyatt is $13.63 per day) at a great number of other hotel chains - we'll be staying somewhere other than the Hyatt Regency on our next trip to Chicago.	
Sep 19 2008 	Never again	I stayed at the hotel as part of a conference. My room was somewhat clean, however shortly after check in the smell of smoke began to come from the hallway. I was on a non-smoking floor. I contacted the front desk and was told they would have security deal with it. It was late so I went to bed. The next morning again smoke was in the hallway from another room. I contacted the front desk and they again said it would be deat with. That night, again there was smoke, I asked to be moved to another room and was told they were booked solid and that was not an option. I asked if they could do something about the room that was smoking on a non smoking floor and was told they would be charged for cleaning, but they do not stop people from smoking. On my final night, they offered a room change, when I got the new room, it was a king bed instead of the two doubles I had previously had. I contacted the front desk and they said I could have the king or move back to my other room. Overall the property is worn and in need of a good cleaning. Location is good, but rooms were noisy.	
Sep 17 2008	Mixed Feelings About a Tired Hotel	We booked the hotel through a last minute travel offer via Northwest Airlines although the same deal was available through many other travel sites. The Hyatt Regency is huge and the majority of guests are there for conferences it seems. We were some of the only people there without nametags:-) We had a slight issue at checkin due to an upgraded room we ordered that was not available but it got straightened out eventually. The rooms really need refurbishing. The pictures I've attached will show mildow in the bath but can't show the dust, the dirty throw pillows, and bad carpet. The bed was comfortable and the TV was fine but there was just a general &quot;old&quot; feeling to the room. There was also too much noise from the halls and adjoining rooms but I think it was due to the more than 2 inch gap at the bottom of the doors. The location is excellent on E. Wacker between Michigan Av and Columbus. There is a grocery store 1 block south. The staff were friendly and competent. I might stay here again only if the price were really attractive but there are better hotels in Chicago for the price.	
Sep 16 2008 	Solid choice if not sensitive to noise	For a huge(!) hotel, the Hyatt did surprisingly well with elements under the staff's control. Check in at 4pm on a Friday, in the busiest lobby we've ever seen, was quick and efficient, although a long wait for an elevator. Our initial King room, at the end of a hallway, was strangely shaped (like a squished trapezoid) with the bed squeezed in at an odd angle. We're not terribly picky but it was not a happy space or a relaxing room. Since we booked through Priceline, I wasn't sure we'd be able to switch, but a call to the front desk offered a new room on the same floor, this one with two double beds, but with the caveat that they had no bellman to move us. A trip down and back up landed us a room across from a very loud malfunctioning ice machine -- but the room's size muted the noise (and we had a Priceline rate so we knew we were not going to get a choice room).We are sound sleepers so the noise wasn't a big deal but, man, it was LOUD, especially with the late night tipplers staggering back to their rooms in the wee hours. If the Hyatt can afford 36&quot; plasma TVs, surely they could afford a 2&quot; strip at the bottom of the door to block some of the noise that comes through the large space between bottom of door and floor.Our room was standard Hyatt decor: pretty, yet it had clearly had seen a lot of traffic. We were greeted by name in every phone call and desk encounter, and a room service clerk was especially courteous and observed all standard gender protocol (requesting permission to enter the room, opening the deadbolt so the door did not fully close/latch when he was in the room) when the female member of our couple ordered room service alone in the room one evening. Some may think this old-fashioned, but it was appreciated.We expect expensive room service, but at $25 for a veggie wrap and a soda, it was disappointing the sandwich was tough and unpleasant and did not taste fresh. We've typically had much higher quality room service meals at other Hyatts.The Fitness Center is located inconveniently in a tunnel connecting the two wings of the buildings, in a passageway it shares with an Indian restaurant. The hallway outside the fitness center reeked of cigar smoke to the extent that we didn't bother going in.That said, the location was perfect, the weather was beautiful, and really when we weren't in the massive &quot;airport&quot; lobby it wasn't a bad stay. Not something we would recommend at full price, but a very solid choice if you can get a deal. We would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 15 2008 	Great location!	Indeed, it's a huge corporate hotel, but the location and hotwire rate ($119) can't be beat! Check-in only took about 5 minutes, so no complaints there.The room was a bit small, but fine for two people (plus a great view of the Chicago River.) It had all of the modern conveniences expected in a four star hotel. Shower temperature fluctuated a bit, but nothing serious.I didn't eat at the hotel's restaurants- there's too many great restaurants in the city to eat at a hotel- but their offerings seemed decent from the menus.My only complaint is the $50/day parking fee (expected for a big city), but the city-owned garage a few blocks south at Millennium Park is half the price and well worth it.Above all, if you're paying $350 for a night here, you may be disappointed, but for barely over $100 a night, I was very happy.	
Sep 15 2008 	Good for business not really for vacation	I stayed at this hotel for a conference at McCormick Place. It was conveniently located, but the parking was pricey (good thing I didn't have a car) and dining places are too. There are more relatively reasonable places nearby, I just didn't realize it at first. It is a few blocks to the subway/elevated train station, so that is convenient. There was also a taxi stand and shuttle available to the airports, for a fee. The room itself was large and clean and the bathroom was ok, the lack of a fan for moisture control and the buzzing of the only light were the minuses. I think it would be a little too busy of a hotel if I was looking for a place to crash while exploring Chicago. But for a nice place to chill during a business trip this is a great hotel. There is internet available, a little area with internet access (for a fee), and a ton of other services that are probably too much for the casual traveller but are welcome during business trips.	
Sep 15 2008 	Excellent service	I just returned from staying at the Hyatt Regency for a convention, and I was extremely impressed with the level of service displayed by every employee I encountered. From the employee at the snack bar who called me by name (yes, I was wearing a convention name badge, but employees at other convention hotels rarely bother to notice), to the room service attendant who walked me to the correct elevator when I asked how to get to the rooms in the West Tower, to the maintenance man riding the elevator with me who asked if I was enjoying my stay, I was treated like a valued guest at every turn. Management has clearly placed a priority on providing stellar service. The only downside was that a colleague of mine was placed in one of the smallest hotel rooms I have ever seen in a hotel of this type (one double bed with a couple of feet of space around it, and a shower stall with no bathtub). This was unfortunate, as she was traveling with a large amount of equipment for the various presentations she gave at the conference. With all of her supplies unpacked &amp; spread out around the room, she had to climb over the bed to get from one side of the room to the other. My room, on the other hand, was quite comfortably sized (two double beds, plenty of room to move around, etc.). So if you find yourself assigned to one of those shoebox-sized rooms, definitely ask if a larger room is available. Also, be aware that if a convention is being held at the hotel, the public areas of the hotel will be very busy and loud. It's great if you are one of the convention attendees, because the Big Bar and other public areas are great spots for mingling with your cohorts, but if you are traveling for leisure and looking for a relaxing experience, try to avoid staying here when the hotel is hosting a convention.	
Sep 9 2008 	You can do much better	There is nothing wrong with this hotel but there also nothing special. My first impression was that it reminded me of a somewhat worn large airport lobby full of many people. In fact I think that is what the hotel is trying to achieve. They even have self serve check in terminals and flashing lights indicating what wing youre to use to get to your room. If you are lucky you will get a room in the west wing high up so that you have a nice lake and river view. If you are not lucky you could end up facing a dirty old apartment building.For the most part my stay at the hotel was okay. I had trouble sleeping because of loud noises from the icemakers and other people using water. I was not expecting anything special and I was right not to. We stayed the last two nights of our visit to Chicago at this hotel to lower the average of cost we spent on hotels for this visit. We found a great rate on Hotwire for this hotel under a hundred dollars. However even with the great price we got on this hotel I would not stay here again. There are just too many more hotels in Chicago that have so much more character than this hotel. If you dont care about character or charm than you might be okay with this hotel but I think you can do better even at a great rate.	
Sep 6 2008 	Fine hotel great location	We stayed at the Chicago Hyatt Regency for a week over Labor Day. It is a huge hotel, but just follow the signs to get around. We used the 1800CHECKIN service because we were arriving late evening. They gave us a room next to a service elevator, which was noisy all night. We mentioned it to the front desk the next morning, and they switched us to a very quiet room for the rest of the stay. The walls are quite thin, and we could easily hear noise from the hallways but fortunately there was no activity in the hallways at night. The hotel is in a great location to get to the Mag Mile and to catch the El at State/Lake and the 10 bus going to the Museums (Science and Industry, Field, Shedd Aquarium, etc.) We're glad we didn't rent a car--parking fee is really high, and it's easy to get around if you don't mind walking/taking public transit. There is a whole city in the Hyatt underground, with barber, fast casual eateries, shoe repair, even a florist. The free StayFit gym is open 24 hours and has a bunch of treadmills, stair steppers and weights/resistance machines.TIP: Bockwinkels just 1 block south of the hotel has a nice deli and is good for groceries.	
Sep 4 2008 	Above average stay. Great location.	Stayed three nights for a conference. Gorgeous view of river and lake from West Tower. Very nice hotel with some subtle signs of aging in the rooms. Clean rooms and staff very friendly. Great location - lots of walkable attractions.Recommend Volare for authentic italian food - walkable from the hotel.Definetely would stay here again.	
Sep 3 2008 	Will NEVER stay here again	I stayed at this hotel for while in town for a conference. The first room I was assigned was a glorified conference room with a murphy bed and bad lighting. I switched rooms. The new room was fine, although the bathroom was very small with little-to-no counter space (and bad lighting, again). What really makes this hotel bad are the doors to the rooms. There is no way to get them to shut quietly, so throughout the night and early morning all I hear is doors slamming from people coming and going (and they are not slamming their doors on purpose - they just make any incredibly loud noise). Plus, the rooms are not well-insulated for sound, since I could hear convsersations, running water, etc. from all the surrounding rooms.	
Sep 2 2008 	It Worked	This was a good stay, but nothing like what I might have expected. I used Hotwire's Travel Ticker to book a room at $119 which comes to just under $140 after taxes. So, for that amount of money maybe I shouldn't expect a lot. The rooms are beautiful and comfortable and beyond there being long lines at the elevator (my boss and I always seemed to show up to get to our room when some conference was being released), there was nothing negative about the stay. Still, we usually stay at a Drury Inn whenever we're on the road. I don't think anyone's going to compare the Drury to the Hyatt, but for $40 more, there really wasn't much of a difference. Both the Drury and Hyatt have wonderful staffs and comfy beds and internet access. The difference is I get two free cocktails a night at the Drury along with some snacks, a free hot breakfast, free wireless and hard-wired internet and parking. None of that, for $40 more, is included in the price at the Hyatt. Granted, they are different hotels, but for only staying one night I just didn't see much of a difference; I didn't see what would make this Hyatt worth $40 more than the Drury in which I usually stay. Still, it was comfortable. And I bet if I stayed longer than a night I would've noticed more about what was offered.	
Aug 31 2008 	If you like drunks you'll love the Hyatt Regency Chicago	Here's some of what I witnessed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago during my three-night stay:1) A drunk woman vomiting in the middle of the lobby.2) A drunk woman yelling &quot;fire&quot; at 4:40 AM and slamming doors. This caused my neighbors to congregate in the hallway and talk loudly about calling security.3) A man essentially panhandling in the lobby.4) A drunk woman falling down on the escalator.5) Three drunk men pushing and showing each other in the elevator. They were Phillies fans, so I assume this is just typical behavior for them (lol).I'm no prude (believe me), but this was ridiculous. For whatever reason, this hotel attracts people who can't hold their liquor and people who don't know how to behave in public. Honestly, it was like something was in the water, or the gin, and this hotel became Ground Zero for the biggest congregations of drunks in Chicago.Otherwise, the hotel staff misquoted me on the price of the architectural boat tour that they helped book as well as the airport shuttle. In both cases, staffers seriously under-quoted the actual prices, which caused me to unnecessarily question employees of other businesses. The room was very nice, the location was great and the breakfast wasn't bad. Bar was expensive, but what do you expect? Hotel is huge, so not great for people in a hurry or those who don't like long walks.I won't stay here again because the vibe was too &quot;prom night&quot; and the staffers can't get their info straight.	
Aug 27 2008 	Good location very busy inside	The Hyatt Regency is the largest hotel in Chicago and it definitely feels that way inside! It has a true convention type of feel. Tons of people, large crowds, lots of hustle and bustle. However, with all that said, there was no line to check in, to talk to concierge, in the elevator, or to check out. If you're just in and out of your room - the hotel is great. Location is wonderful, next to Michigan Ave. Concierge was very helpful. The room was large and our view was beautiful. I'd stay here again if we got the same good rate.	
Aug 19 2008 	They will nickel-and-dime you 'til your pockets are empty!	Thank god I got this hotel through priceline. I can't imagine paying full price for this place.The tub was moldy and dingy. The toilet didn't flush. Their selection of TV channels was limited to say the least. Unless you wanted to pay $5 for a rerun of an NBC show.Oh, and internet? Why that will set you back about $15 for the day.And breakfast? That's about $16 for a cup of coffee, a croissant and two slices of honeydew. This hotel is the pits. The customer service is....absent! When you walk in to the ridiculous lobby (decked out like some bad late 80's prom) there's no one to direct you upstairs to the check in.And once you're there, check in is very fast, i'll grant them that.This hotel is a big, crummy rip-off. I will never stay here (and will steer clear of Hyatts in general I believe).	
Aug 14 2008 	classy hotel good location	I stayed at this hotel for one night after getting it through Priceline. The price I paid was excellent. We found as other reviewers that you can really hear a lot of noise from people in the hallway. This did not bother my sleep but I heard people in the evening and the morning. We were on the 16th floor of the West Tower at the end of the hall. It might be the doors more than the walls. We did not go into much of the hotel but enjoyed the room immensely. The beds were extremely comfortable and pillows too. The tv was a sizeable flat screen. I found the towels above average and very much enjoyed the soap, shampoo. We had a great view out of the Wrigley tower and river area. Also our check in was the fastest I ever experienced. I barely got my last name out before he handed me the room key. I found the valet parking easy to work with too. Not cheap, but you can drive back into the parking through the next day until 6 pm. I found out parking in Chicago is very expensive everywhere. It is $48 at the Hyatt.	
Aug 12 2008 	Boy did I pick the WRONG Hyatt in Chicago!	Bad customer service, mediocre food in restaurants, and loud sums it up. This is a huge hotel. When I checked in, rooms came and went before I could answer the questions about &quot;upgrades&quot;. They said that I could have a complimentary upgrade to a suite. When I found it it was one floor above the street, I knew it was a problem. When I went into the room, all I could hear was the ice machine outside the door rumbling. Then someone used it and it really made noise. I asked to be moved because of the ice machine and street noise. I lugged my luggage back to the lobby, across the hotel to the other tower to my new upgraded room on the quiet &quot;club&quot; level. They left out the part that club amenities were extra (which I can understand but at least inform the customer when you are playing up the &quot;club level&quot; part). This upgraded room was missing a remote control for the tv, no pen on the desk, no paper. Since I heard turn-down service going from door to door I waited patiently and then realized &quot;no turn-down service&quot; for us upgraded people. So I had to call the desk to bring these items.Then I heard room service pounding on someone's door at 12:30am. I have gotten room service that late myself but they are usually quiet about it as some people might be sleeping (but not in this hotel!)About a half hour later, all hell broke loose on the &quot;quiet club floor&quot;. When I called the desk they said they would send security. I told them it was security making all the noise yelling in the hall at 1:30 am. I never heard anyone but security and their radios turned way up making noise.The next day the manager asked what he could do to make it up to me. I said that club level amenities would be nice and he seemed to agree. You guessed it - never got anything!The food in the hotel restaurants was also mediocre as was the service.I wouldn't stay there again if I were paid to do so. Several of my friends had problems as well but they can write their own posts.	
Aug 7 2008 	Good Service Nice Room	Yes, this is primarily a convention hotel and the busy, noisy lobby attests to that but so what! Our room was very nice and classy-looking, and the service at the front desk and by the concierge was very friendly and efficient. We were on one of the Regency Club levels which meant we received a complimentary buffet breakfast and late afternoon snacks. It's worth the extra $20 a day especially if there's more than two of you in the room. This is the &quot;cheaper&quot; of the two Hyatts in downtown Chicago. The big perk in the summertime is the free trolley service that stops right outside the front door and takes you to most of the attractions, including Union Station.	
Aug 2 2008 	Too Big Too Busy	This is a convention hotel. It has it's own large convention space underground so it is tailored around the conventioneers. As such during these times you have thousands of people, conventioneers, spouses, business folks, bustling around constantly. Even as a convention attendee, I would have preferred staying at a quieter hotel in the area, and there are certainly many to choose from.The Hyatt is just plain big. Everything from the long queue for breakfast ($27) to the over packed bar at night, I found it overwhelmingly busy and crowded. The staff was very friendly and certainly tried to provide personal attention, but the whole atmosphere lacks personality.The room was fine. Mine was $250/night. Everything was clean and modern. Flat panel TV was nice. Bed was comfortable, bathroom was very good. The room had plenty of space with a small couch and seating area. On the 30th floor I had a terrific view. Internet access is $14/day which always annoys me when expensive hotels charge, and there is no wireless.Location is excellent, easy walk to Navy Pier, Millennium Park, Magnificent Mile, and lots of restaurants.If I had been on vacation, I would never want to get caught up in such a convention atmosphere. If I was staying there when there wasn't a convention going on, it might be more relaxing, but I'm still not a fan of giant hotels like this. There are lots of great hotels in Chicago. If you are part of the convention and don't mind bustling hotels, then you'll be fine. But if you are there on your own or you just like something a little more personable, I'd look around. You can do better.	
Jul 31 2008	Nice Hotel	Stayed for a few nights on a late spring getaway with my wife. We were warmly greeted by the person checking us in and he was able to get us a room with a partial lake view. The room was nice, comfortable bed, large TV and a nice table with 4 chairs in front of the window. The view looked out over the river and Navy Pier, which made for a nice place to take afternoon breaks. The bathroom was nice, but nothing special... they could stand to update them with nicer counters, sinks and tubs. Overall a great place to stay!	
Jul 30 2008 	Didn't really care for this hotel overall	I, too, was in town for a journalism conference and stayed at this hotel. It was one of six &quot;official&quot; hotels for the convention. I paid way too much per night for what I got and I am not happy about that. I most likely won't stay there again.The lobby was busy from the jump, but I expected that so that was no problem. There were other conventions/conferences in town so that was cool.A woman who worked there helped me check into our room via the express check-in kiosk, which was very efficient. I appreciated her help. Check-out was efficient, too, using that kiosk.Before I even entered my room, however, I noticed chipped paint on the door, which signaled a place in need of repair. I wasn't prepared for that since the pics on the Web site showed an updated, maintained room. My suspicions about the room were confirmed upon walking in. Just want you to know that the rooms are old with feeble attempts to make them look modern. The view wasn't great and I wasn't feeling a number of things, including the dim lighting in the bathroom (which remained, even after I complained to the front desk about it), the lack of real counter space in the bathroom, a lack of an exhaust fan in the bathroom, a coffee maker that allows you to make a single cup of coffee or tea one at a time, paper cups for the coffee or tea, and the fact that you can hear way more noise from your neighbors than you really want to. My roommate complained that she heard way too much of a conversation between two women who were in their hotel room. So much for privacy.The lamp shades were awful. One nightstand lamp was scratched up and paint was missing. The alarm clock held up the lamp shade before I moved it. And the lamp shade of the floor lamp near my roommate's bed was old and caved in. It didn't even give off a good light. The drawer space was awful, so don't bring a lot of clothes unless you plan on putting some of them on the floor or leaving them in your suitcase. The hair dryer was on the closet shelf, as if it was an afterthought. Why wasn't it in the bathroom where it belonged is beyond me.The cable stations seriously lack variety, which I didn't expect. I should be able to at least watch HGTV and Bravo. Yes, I expected that for what I paid to stay there.Truly, the highlights of the room were the iHome alarm clock that allowed me to dock my iPod, the very comfortable beds and a nice, powerful shower. I also enjoyed the coffee downstairs that I bought at J's. One good thing is that the hotel is close to many good restaurants, Magnificent Mile, the Navy Pier and so much more. Just a warning: Avoid ordering room service if you can. I paid $43 dollars for two orders of wings and an order of fries. If you do order in, count on paying taxes, gratuity and a delivery service charge. My $30 or so order skyrocketed in no time with all those charges added. I don't have a problem with paying taxes or gratuity. But when folks start adding a service charge on top of the gratuity, it's just suspect. Case in point: Eat out whenever you can and bring it back to your room.This place is ok if you want a good shower, a comfortable bed and access to the best that Chicago has to offer. But keep in mind that you're paying for all that, perhaps more than you may want to. They aren't doing you any favors.If this were the Motel 6, it would have been great. Perfect, even But at $225 a night for five nights, I expected way more than I got. And $225 a night was the conference rate. Yeah. I won't be staying there again.	
Jul 30 2008 	Mold in the bathroom lack of attention to details ruined the hotel	Having stayed in the West Tower of this hotel 2 years ago, I was shocked about the condition of my room in the East Tower this time. At first glance, the hotel room was decent with a reasonable view overlooking the river. However, the hotel has not paid attention to details, resulting in a Hyatt Regency that felt more like a lower level chain hotel. Bad Qualities: The most glaring issue is the extensive mold in the tub/shower. In fact, it was so disgusting that I didn't want to put the soap down in the bathroom. There was an outlet cover in the bathroom that was hanging on by a thread which immediately fell down when I closed the door. Spider webs covered the sprinklers. Multiple holes were in the wall. The beds were rather hard and uncomfortable. The toiletries were cheap. And the most annoying issue with the hotel was that we could not cool down the room! While the digital scale would go to 66.0, it never actually got below 74ish on the best day. This seems to be a growing cost saving trend with high end hotels these days which in my opinion is deceptive.Good Qualities: There were tons of pillows! The food was reasonably priced. The sticky bun french toast was pretty good. The alarm clock has a docking station for iPods. The staff on all levels were very friendly and helpful. The location is decent, between the park and the shopping district.While this hotel is not horrible, I don't plan on staying here again unless they considerable improve their attention to detail. Right now, the hotel is more a $89/night room instead of a $200+/night hotel.	
Jul 29 2008 	Mixed Opinions on Hyatt on Wacker	I was just there for a 5 day stay during a journalism convention.Price of Room----Thank God I split the cost with a friend.Room---It was small, but cozy.Beds----very comfortable.Bathroom---Shampoos were cheap and not very good. Towels were fine. Bathroom had no fans so it became a sauna. View---It was fine. Bars---Uh can we say OVER PRICED drinks. Restaurants---I didn't try themWorkout Room---Horrible. They had about 30 machines (treadmills etcs) side by side, and dinky little weight area. Let's just say it was no 4 star workout room. They don't care for us to workout, because you can see they invest more in the bar that workout room. The worst!Front Desk Personnel---Very friendly, patient and helpful. I never saw anyone without a smile. They made it very pleasant.That's my rundown of the place. Would I go back? Probably. The location was perfect. You can walk anywhere and feel safe. Great restaurants close by and a taxi can take you anywhere. The weather was perfect, and the lake is nearby for a good walk.	
Jul 28 2008 	Quite Happy With The Hotel	We spent two nights in late July in the Hyatt. As stated this is a very big and very busy convention hotel, and I suspect the main lobby is seldom quiet. However, we found the hotel to be pleasant overall. We arrived at the hotel very early in the morning as our flight arrived early. The nice young man at the desk attempted to find us a room (this was at 8:45am) that was ready but was unable to do so. He advised that our cell phone would be called as soon as one was ready so we checked our bags with the bell stand and went out to have breakfast. Later in the morning, about 1100, our room was ready. As we were waiting on the elevator in the lobby the same desk clerk walked by, remembered our names, and asked which room we had been assigned. We told him our room and he was very pleased and said he had wanted to get us in that room, which was a corner view room. Nice service and gave a food first impression of the hotel.Our room was in the west tower on a high floor and had a great view of the river and downtown Chicago. The room had a king sized bed and was in good shape and seemed to be very clean. The housekeeping staff kept it that way our whole visit. The only thing I would fault the room for was the lack of a fridge we could use for own things. There is a mini-bar but we were warned that if we moved anything to make room for our own items we would be charged for it (electronic monitor of the goods). So we just left the mini-bar alone and used ice from ice machine to ice down things. The room also had an electronic safe which is a nice touch. Overall we happy with the room, the location, and the housekeeping. Location of the hotel is good for access to all the attractions of downtown Chicago. We did not have a car so no parking fee issues for us, but I would hate to pay the rates they wanted. We only had one meal in the hotel, lunch one day at Bistro 151. We found the food to be good, the service pretty good, and the prices no worse than we had paid in other places we ate outside of the hotel. Overall we give this hotel a good rating as we felt the service was excellent and the room was nice. Again, it is big, busy, and the main lobby is noisy and constantly in use. However that is to be expected in a big convention hotel such as this one.	
Jul 27 2008 	Overall very good hotel	I stayed at the Hyatt Regency for a convention. The convention rate (which was not paid by me) was a great rate of $173. I had stayed for the same convention 20 years ago. AT that time the hotel was much prettier, had a grand piano playing in the atrium. The hotel was impressive. The people working there could not have been more helpful. I do not feel the concierge always guided us correctly with restaurants, however. On a Sunday she gave us the name of a restaurant that is closed on Sundays. The assistant manager helped us with airline troubles, and let everyone print out boarding passes. The room was very nice of course. I thought it should have come with a small refrigerator. There was a cooler of sorts with the normal treats you have to pay for. We were not interested in buying anything, just wanted to put our water etc. in the cooler. It said every time you open the door you will be charged 25 dollars. So we did not put our water in the cooler. Had we been able to use the cooler, we could have brought left overs to our room. With the money the Hyatt charges, and considering most any even Days Inn you go to now, has a little refrigerator, the Hyatt should provide this. Most of the people in our group liked the bed. I found it very hard, and it hurt my back. Other than this, I'd recommend the hotel.	
Jul 27 2008 	Great view but otherwise unimpressive	My husband attended a conference here and I tagged along with my college-age daughter who attends school in the Chicago area. I think my daughter nailed it when she described the lobby as looking like an airport. It felt that way too - crowded, poorly laid out, and I felt like I was being processed. The front desk service was friendly but a couple of times we were steered in the wrong direction for services by the bell desk and whoever was manning the phones. The hotel decor looks cheap and is poorly designed, both aesthetically and ergonomically. Our room wasn't very clean to start with (dust on the radio and woodwork), but the daily maid service wasn't the greatest either - our beds were haphazardly thrown together with a pillow left on the floor. And the beds are doubles rather than queens. One of the beds' linens had holes in it.Valet parking is really expensive at $48 a day, especially for a hotel of this caliber. Another annoyance is that you can't park your own car, so you feel obligated to tip in addition to paying the daily rate. They nickle and dime you with internet charges and mini-bar usage charges, as other reviewers have noted. On the plus side, the location is really convenient and the view from our room was beautiful, overlooking the river with views to Lake Michigan and Navy Pier. I can think of no other reasons why I would want to stay at this hotel ever again. There are so many other lovely hotels in the area. I couldn't believe that this property had earned a 4-diamond award - perhaps that's why I found it hard to overlook things that I would be more forgiving of in a lesser property. My guess is that Hyatt feeds off their conference clients so they really don't give a rip about their guests because they basically have a steady stream of conference attendees instead of customers who would actually choose to stay there.	
Jul 23 2008 	There is nothing elegant about this hotel.	There is nothing elegant about this hotel--the lobby is less tasteful and more trammeled than the average shopping mall. In fairness, other than the mega hotels in Las Vegas, Hyatt Regency Chicago (HRC) is one of the biggest hotels in the country. You will wait in line for most things, and calling the switchboard is like calling an airline--press 1 for X, press 2 for Y. Rooms are small, though the desk agent &quot;upgraded&quot; us to a room on the top floor with river, skyline, and lake views--still, hard to believe some pay $300 a night for this room that gets swallowed up by the king bed. Positives--the beds are comfy, and the soap is nice. LIke the curved shower rod. Then again, internet is ridiculously priced at $14 per 24 hours. . .and it didn't even work well; they rebated it for me. If you've got a car, you'll pay $46 plus tax to park, per night. . .Location, a block off Michigan Avenue, is an asset, as is the well maintained, nicely appointed fitness center--free to guests. All the same, only stay here if you get a great deal on Priceline--I got an $81 rate--or if you are staying for a convention. . .and then, don't eat there.	
Jul 23 2008 	An ok place to stay	I just got back from a trip to the Chicago Hyatt Regency. We arrived on 7/20/08 and left on 7/22/08. Overall it was a nice hotel. We waited until 2 days before our trip to book our room, so we ended up getting a room for a more reasonable rate. If you are planning on going there I would wait as long as possible to book your room. From our room, we could hear noise from the elevators all night long. The only other complaint I have is that the parking is $48 per day, which seemed very high. We had the problem that it took awhile for them to bring our car around. We needed to get our umbrella from our car and my husband waited 30 minutes for them to get it for us. We learned to call ahead for them to get our car ready when we wanted to leave. Overall the hotel was ok. I wouldn't have paid the full rate for the room though because to me it didn't seem that much fancier than a less expensive hotel. However, the location was great for walking to the Art Institute, Millennium Park, and the Magnificent mile.	
Jul 23 2008 	Great Hotel	I was very worried about staying at this hotel after reading many of the reviews on this website. However, I was very impressed after staying here. The check in was simple and very helpful. The concierge helped us find our way to IKEA and was very pleasant. Whenever we passed an employee in the hallway, they would smile and say hello. The location was perfect for shopping on Michigan Ave. We couldn't have gotten a better price than we received on priceline... MUCH below the asking price of the hotel's website. We would stay here again anytime	
Jul 19 2008 	Hated this place	Stayed in this hotel for work conference. Lots of conferences booked. this place is so big that it is overwhelming. yet, there are very few employees to be found. Very long lines and wait at elevators. also waited more than 5 minutes on hold to book a wake-up call. room very dark and air conditioning did not work well. I would never stay here again.	
Jul 18 2008 	No Complaints!	I just stayed here as part of a conference and was very pleased. It is a large hotel with several options for eating and drinking (including the &quot;BIG bar&quot; with its great view and cool lighting). My room was very clean, comfortable, and modern. I had a great view of the river from the 14th floor. It is right across the street from thre RiverWalk and 1 block from Michigan Ave . . .a very easy walk. The theatre district is within walking distance, as is Garrett's Popcorn, and Macy's (the former Marshall's Fields store). The staff seemed very helpful and willing to answer questions. I have no complaints and would stay here again.	
Jul 18 2008 	ONLY ONE WAY TO STAY IN THIS HOTEL !	I had a tough time deciding where to stay in Chicago after going through all the numerous reviews here and looking at websites. This Hyatt was not in my top choices. Then I found a special deal for concierge floor. For 200.00 a night I got a 35th floor beautiful beautiful king bed room with a gorgeous gorgeous view of Lake Michigan. The room was beautifully decorated and had upscale furnishings. I had all day access to the lounge plus a great free full buffet breakfast down in the lobby daily. This is the ONLY way to stay here. Your calls are answered immediately and everything is done to accomodate you. Plus you have free internet in the lounge. Other than that - the lobby is like Grand Central Station - the check in desks are swamped with lines and lines of people. The people responsible for our luggage lost track of where it was and out of frustration I went down and brought it up myself after an hour. The front of the hotel was as crowded as the lobby, with very ill mannered, loud and boisterous people. When we first pulled up we wanted to turn around and go elsewhere. It does cost 48.00 a day to park with in and out access. Quite a lot - even for Chicago. But on the 35th floor - it was peaceful, quiet, pretty and clean - we felt like we were in a completely different hotel. I would NEVER EVER stay in this hotel unless I was able to book a deal like this again.	
Jul 17 2008 	Overall Great Value	Had another great stay at the Hyatt Regency, Chicago, this past July 4th Weekend! I received a real good rate of $119 through hotwire.com.As always, this Hyatt hotel is full of energy and excitement. I love the look and feel of the hotel and the contemporary decor of the rooms. My room was nice and clean and the staff was always upbeat and friendly. It's a huge hotel, consisting of two towers. The only drawbacks: there is no complimentary internet access in the rooms, and to purchase internet access will cost a whopping $28 per day. Valet parking is $48 per day, but that's in step with the average going-rate for that area.It's located within walking distance of large selection of shopping venues and restaurants, as well as a nice, little convenience store just a few feet from the hotel. The bar (Big Bar) just off the lobby is a great hangout place at night.One of my travel partners stayed at Hotel 71, just a few doors down from the Hyatt. The rooms in this hotel are also very nice, with a contemporary decor. However, the overall feel of the hotel is a bit on the dreary side, as hip as the place makes an attempt to be. The elevators are ridiculously, extreeeeeeemly slow! And there are nowhere near enough elevators to service that amount of floors. But, they do have a complimentary business center for use by all of it's customers, and complimentary, in-room internet access, as well.	
Jul 15 2008 	Would Not Stay Again....	While on convention with the American Federation Teachers, I was booked at the Chicago Hyatt Regency. It was the pits. The problems are numerous. The problems began upon arrival when the keys for our room was not ready. I waited for several hours for the key to be ready after normal check in time.  Once in the room, I thought I would put my clothes in the drawers only to find that there really is no storage space for clothing if you are staying longer than a day. I was there for five days. Of course the small refrigerator is already full and is monitored by weight. Therefore if you happen to put something in and then take it out, it registers as a purchase. There is one night stand that is taken up by the clock, the phone and the notepad. Forget using it for personal items. There was also no mirror in the room.  There is a mirror in the bathroom but if someone is using the bathroom then the other person has to wait. And the mirror that is in the bathroom is not full length. Forget trying to place personal toiletries on the vanity in the bathroom. There is no space for that either. While I am writing about the bathroom I can't leave out the horrible lighting. The only light source is above the sink. While I was in the shower I was practically in the dark.  While relaxing in the evenings, my roommate and I tried to find something entertaining to watch on TV. Our search was futile. There are two premium channels, HBO and Disney. There is OnDemand......for a fee and even that is limited.  The hotel is located in an area that is walking distance to some points of interest. I thought most of the the staff were friendly and accommodating. If I had my choice I would not stay here again nor would I recommend this hotel.	
Jul 13 2008 	Great price = Great Value	We booked this hotel via a Priceline bid and stayed here over the busy July 4th holiday weekend. Our rate was $90 a night so we got a great deal considering the date, location and quality of the hotel. We stayed in the east tower and the room appeared to have been renovated sometime recently as it was relatively modern and in great shape. We received great service from the folks at the front desk upon check-in and found the valet folks to be extremely helpful and relatively quick throughout the stay. It was a good pick from us at a great location.	
Jul 12 2008 	Loved it!	Went on a Chicago adventure with a group of friends and ended up at the Hyatt with a great rate through Hotwire. This is the most upscale hotel I've stayed in, and it was great. The front desk attendants were helpful in informing us on the local pizza places and bus transport. We intended on shopping on the Mag Mile so this was probably our best choice. Internet and TV is expensive, as well as room service, but we had a great busy weekend otherwise. I would love to stay here again.	
Jul 9 2008 	Haunted plumbing	I was there for a 170 person conference. I had to pay $13/24 hrs for internet access. In the lobby, at the &quot;free&quot; use computers, it was $28/1 hr for internet access. There is a note on their site stating that there is a fee for access; however, it's burried deep and the actual fee is not listed.Parking was $48.50/night which, I understand is the going rate downtown; I still thought it was extreme.The worst part [for me] was the banging pipes. They have a water hammer problem and whenever someone closed a water valve (shower, toilet, sink) the pipes would bang. I was hearing the rooms four floors above and four floors below me.Many of my conference-mates toilets wouldn't flush. Liquids would go down, solids would not.	
Jul 9 2008 	Nice but impersonal	A friend and I stayed here when we were in Chicago to do some sightseeing and go to a concert. I got a room for $113 on Hotwire, which I think was a great deal.I got what I expected from such a large hotel--a clean, comfortable room, but a very busy staff who seemed in a hurry to move on to the next person. We ate elsewhere, but I did like that there was a Starbucks right in the hotel.The room was somewhat small but comfortable, with modern furniture, a very nice bathroom, and a flat-screen TV. I slept very well, but my friend had problems because she's allergic to down and all the pillows and comforter were down. She did find a pillow she could use in the closet, though.The front desk clerk tried to talk me into paying an extra $20 for a room with a scenic view, but our room overlooked the river and downtown anyway, so don't be fooled into paying more!Overall, the hotel is centrally located and comfortable, but I'm not sure I'd pay full price for it.	
Jul 7 2008	Incredible View	I absolutely adored my room at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago. The view was incredibly amazing. The hotel is in a very convenient location. Great choice when visiting the Chicago area.	
Jul 2 2008	Not worth the money	I just spent three days here on a &quot;girls&quot; trip and we were all disappointed since it was a special trip and we thought we were staying somewhere swanky. The queen beds turned out to be full size. Two coffee pods were available for the four of us and no coffee anywhere else to be found in the hotel (we take our coffee very seriously and it's such an easy amenity to provide). Zero extras like breakfast, cocktail hour, even apples or water on the front desk. Not enough towels for four. A $25 charge to even use the refrigerator (apparently it is weight-sensitive). The movie we rented was fuzzy. A dirty cup was left outside the door next to ours for almost two days, the hallway carpet was stained, and the ledge in our room had visible dust hanging off. I hate to point out cleaning flaws, however, since the maid and the valet were the only kind people we encountered in the entire hotel. The staff is indifferent at best. We valet parked for $40/night, but we were still expected to leave the hotel to get our car (&quot;The quickest way for you to get your car is to go across the street and down two escalators to ask them at the valet desk or you can give your ticket to someone at the door next door,&quot; is almost verbatim what we were told at the front desk when we asked if our car could be brought up while we fetched our bags. And no offer to help us with our bags from anyone at any point. They wouldn't even let us use a cart when we unloaded the car because it is a &quot;liability&quot;--even though we saw other people with carts.)I admit I'm a bit biased at this point, because I'm in Chicago a lot and have had some really great experiences (and to be fair one really, really horrible one). This hotel is a dud. If you have any expectations for customer service or anything even remotely special there are much better places to stay, including the Affinia, Allegro, and the Amalfi.	
Jun 29 2008 	Love the location of this Hyatt!	I stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago for 4 nights while attending a professional conference in Chicago. I was very pleased overall and would stay there again. They have a great location on the Chicago river, convenient to the Magnificent Mile and all of it's wonderful shopping. The room was clean and the workspace was good with plenty of power outlets. The carpet needs updating and was a little grubby. The bathroom was clean but dimly lit. It included a lighted make-up mirror which is always a nice touch. There was plenty of hot water. Housekeeping did a nice job. The bed was quite comfortable.The staff was friendly and helpful. I totally goofed and locked my carry-on bag in my room after I checked out. They were very quick to give me a temporary key when I told them my shuttle to O'Hare was leaving in 10 minutes.I ate at one restaurant in the hotel, Pronto Mama's, and it was adequate. I wouldn't go back, but it was a satisfying meal after a long day of delayed flights and shuttles stuck in traffic.A couple of Chicago restaurant recommendations, both by cab from the Hyatt: Tavern on Rush and Bistro 110.	
Jun 27 2008 	Convenient location	Was booked in here for a 3 night stay in conjunction with a professional meeting. When I arrived after the 3 pm check in time I was told that my reserved king room was not ready and I was offered a room with a queen bed. Since I was alone I figured this would suit my purposes. Unfortunately the room was a corner room with weird furniture arrangement (insufficient dresser space and a large screen t.v. situated on the desk, which made working difficult). I would not recommend accepting this type of room if offered. The hotel is huge and clearly serves a large business audience. However, they appear to be able to accommodate well large crowds, and elevators waits were not a problem. Room was comfortable and typical Hyatt decor. The location is excellent, being close to Michigan avenue and the Loop. I also took advantage of being close to the boat dock for the achitectural boat tour (90 minute ride, $28), which was excellent (concierge will book reservation). My only real complaint with the hotel (other than the slight disadvantage of an odd room) was that on my check-out day the room service lady knocked on my door and let herself in at 8:30 to ask when I would be checking out. Fortunately I was dressed, but it could have been awkward had I wanted to sleep in late.	
Jun 23 2008 	Spectacular view great location	The Hyatt Regency in Chicago is in a great central location. The views from rooms facing the river and the Wrigley building are spectacular day and night. The beds at Hyatt hotels are always so very comfortable.That said, I was disappointed in this Hyatt from the moment we checked in. There was no welcome attitude or hint of a smile from Rachel working the front desk at check-in. The concierge staff often gave us misinformation or were uninformed about sites and events in Chicago. We got our best info from cab drivers. But my biggest complaint is the hotel just seems run down. Chairs throughout the hotel are worn, torn and stained. Brass railings in the lobby were very dirty. Big white billowy cloth decor hanging over the Bistro were covered in layers of dust. There were &quot;stained&quot; sheets on our bed. The rooms and bathrooms are darkly decorated with low watt lighting. And the spiders inside and outside the window of room 2130 were creepy. This hotel needs a good cleaning or remodel, and turn up the lights for crying out loud. Be the 4 star hotel you advertise!Did I say the view was spectacular? Get out and see the great City of Chicago, there is so much to do. Just don't spend too much time in your room. We loved this city, just not the Hyatt.	
Jun 22 2008 	Plenty of Better Alternatives	The location is great. Within walking distance of most attractions.However, the great thing is there are plenty of hotels in the same price range in this area with much better customer service.The hotel staff is obnoxiously rude. The concierge was not well educated on local attractions. The first two nights I called to request a room change because the room above had a running toilet that I got to hear all night. Nothing was done about it until night 3. I was refused a room change due to &quot;we are overbooked&quot;. They day of checkout, I was told I would be required to pay $50 for a late checkout. I asked for the manager and explained the issues while I had stayed there and that I thought an extra charge for a few hours was not fair. After some debate, he agreed.The configuration of King room I had was odd and uncomfortable. The headboard was against the bathroom wall as you entered and the foot was toward the window. However, the dresser was in the typical location. Try watching TV from bed with a 40&quot; flat screen 3 feet from your face on the left side of the bed. Very odd and uncomfortable.The room service was great!! Fast and tasteful!	
Jun 22 2008 	Comfy bed terrible bathroom lighting	My husband &amp; I stayed here for 4 nights while he was attending a conference in May. Our room was on the 4th floor with a view of the river. The view would have been excellent except for the moisture in the windows which blurred the view. It was a nice room but not a 4 star room. I would give it 3 1/2 stars. The bed was very comfortable &amp; we did get a king room (which my husband had requested). Also good fluffy pillows. However our bathroom seemed old. The lighting was very dim - not good for shaving or putting on makeup. I stopped by the front desk &amp; mentioned it to the girl on duty. She was very pleasant &amp; confirmed that a number of people had complained about the lights. We liked its location &amp; were able to walk to many places like the Art Institute of Chicago, Millenium Park, the Magnificent Mile, etc. The one evening when my husband had a business dinner, I walked to the Oriental Theatre by myself to see &quot;Wicked&quot; which I'd highly recommend. We used the concierge services 2 times &amp; received good service. The concierge desks are setup like podiums close to the main check-in area.	
Jun 19 2008 	Loved the Hyatt!	We paid $75 a night through Priceline, which is excellent for June. Our room had a fantastic view of the Hancock Building and the river. The room was large, clean and had a couch, easy chair and desk chair. The bedding was the newer 'non-bedspread' style, the bed was comfortable, the bathroom was large and, well, we were pleased with the room and the Hyatt in every way.We ate at the lobby restaurant, which is attractively decorated and was bustling with activity when we were there. We only got Cobb Salads, so I don't know if the food, in general, is good or not. The Cobb was so-so.Our only complaint was the $48 fee to park your car over-night and the $13 daily fee for the internet. Many places are offering free internet these days and I wish the Hyatt would hop on board with this concept.We hated to leave!	
Jun 15 2008	Great hotel busy during large events	The hotel is in the area known as &quot;The Loop&quot;. It's a fair distance away from most of the touristey attractions, so plan on walking a lot or using busses/cabs/trains/cars. It's not too far from the Navy Pier. Mellinium Park is only a few blocks away.There are two buildings, and three ways to get between them. The first and most obvious way is to cross the street (Stetson). The second is via the skybridge. Third is underground. This underground connection is part of the Chicago Pedway. The Pedway is an invaluable resource to walking around Chicago.The elevators get really slow when a lot of people use them. There are seperate elevators for the housekeeping staff as well as for food staff (room service). We used one of the food staff elevators almost exclusevly and never met another staff member.The room was quite modern and comfortable, even with 4 people in a double queen room. We were surprised to find an almost brand new 42&quot; plasma bolted to the front table. We discovered that the TV could change channels and also to the PC input. So bring a VGA cable (not DVI though) and you can use your laptop on the big screen. Very cool. We noticed that not all of the rooms had been upgraded yet; many still had 25&quot; CRT televisions. Also, iHome docks are standard in all rooms. The particular model they had features an auxilary input for non-iPods. This can also plug directly into the headphone jack on your laptop, which helps tremendously as most laptops have rather quiet speakers.Wireless internet is terribly expensive. We got lucky though. We stayed in the East tower in the room to the most southeast. Just outside our room is a window which looks directly south. Directly south of the hotel is an apartment complex. Of the dozens of access points we could pick up, one was open. We also walked around the hotel with a laptop and found a few other open access points; mostly on the blue level.	
Jun 13 2008 	Nice Location and Room	I recently stayed at this hotel for a business conference. Although the hotel is not close to the convention center, they did provide a shuttle that had a special route to the convention center. The location of the hotel is convenient to many of the downtown attractions. It is a little further out than the Marriott, or Intercontinental, but most everything was in walking distance (as long as you don't mind walking a couple blocks).The hotel is very big, so service is not extremely personal. My room was on the 32nd floor and I had very nice views of the city. I liked the unique layout of my room. It was very clean and maid service was efficient and thorough.The only issues would be slow elevators at peak times (again, very big hotel) and slower response when I called the operator and front desk. I would stay here again, but if possible, would prefer to stay at a hotel right on Michigan avenue.	
Jun 11 2008 	Moody waiting staff!!	We visited this hotel for lunch and I had to write a review because we were so disappointed. The 151 Restaurant at this Hotel simply had the most miserable and unhelopful wait staff that I have come across. Everythying was just too much trouble. The exception was Joanna, the bar tender, who went out of her way to help us.I went to use the ladies and there was a homeless lady washing herself in the sink. Delightful.Please don't visit this hotel if you want good service with a smile!	
Jun 11 2008 	Service above expectations for such a large hotel	From the moment we arrived, the staff at the Hyatt Regency Chicago set the tone for a great weekend with their courtesy and friendliness.We were greeted by name with each encounter and truly felt genuine warmth from each staff member. The lobby is very large, but we were able to find a little nest at the Big Bar for a welcome cocktail- loved the atmosphere and the view. We had requested a room with a view but the certificates we redeemed were not for that room level. We were told it would be available for an extra $20- no problem and well worth it. The view of the river and the lake were spectacular from the 21st floor. Be sure to draw the curtains- that summer sun was up well before we wanted to be!Since the room was so comfortable, we opted for room service each morning. It was delivered within 30 minutes and was above expectations. We attended the Blues Festival and it was an easy walk to Grant and Millennium Parks from the hotel. There were many dining options within a few blocks so there was little need to take the car, but when we did the valet service was fast and accommodating. At $45 per day with in and out privileges, it was a bargain for this city. My only (slight) negative was that when we called the concierge at 11pm for a late night dinner recommendation nearby, she drew a blank and referred us to room service. SO NOT TRUE! Since I grew up in Chicago, I knew there were options so we let the Net direct us instead. (Smith &amp; Wolensky has service until 2am in their lower level Grill- a 3 block walk down Wacker Drive.) Any cab driver can assist you as well if you feel adventurous. Since I like to read reviews before I make my choices and have enjoyed your comments here, both good and bad, I hope that this review will help you and I wish you a great stay in Chicago!	
Jun 11 2008 	Very Nice Stay in Chicago	We booked our 2 night stay through Hyatt.com and got a rate of $179/night. The location is great -- we walked almost everywhere. We took a cab to Gibson's (excellent mini-sliders!) but walked back to the hotel. The hotel staff was very helpful and our room was very clean and comfortable. The day we checked-out a convention at the hotel was beginning. The lobby and common areas of the hotel were a little congested, but that really didn't bother us. One nice thing the Hyatt still does is hold your luggage at the bell stand for no additional cost (except a tip). I have noticed that some hotels are now charging for this service. Easy access to public transportation, so a car is not necessary. We loved our visit to Chicago and the hotel was definately a positive!	
Jun 11 2008 	Nice place to stay if price is right	I expected a little bit more from the Hyatt Regency Chicago - a bit more 4 Star and a little bit more from the rooms. It were the little things that made the difference.Negatives: - stayed on 9th floor of West Tower at the end of the hall but could easily hear people outside of the door (gap under door of 1 1/2&quot;- could make out the television program, bathroom habits and discussions of the people in next room. happily they were not amorous- the toilet was very low-flow and had to be flushed twice and the towels were thin, not plush and no robe was in the room- cattle call check in and service in most areas (it was very busy)Positives:- nice tv but not hi-def- great location for sight seeing or business or both- comfortable bedsIf you can get a great Hotwire/Priceline deal I would recommend this hotel but at $249 convention rate, it was not worth it.	
Jun 9 2008 	Another pleasant stay	Stayed in room 1980 in early June for 2 nights. Stayed in the &quot;main&quot; tower this trip, but have stayed in the other on a previous trip. The room was very fresh with a partial view of the river. Has all the usual amenities and furnishings of a Hyatt. The staff was friendly and helpful. Agree with other posters that the eating options are high - a bagel was $2+ at the self serve and $.85 at Starbucks up the street. The conference rate was not a bargain, but on previous stay got a great rate on Hotwire. Location is certainly great. I walked up the Magnificant Mile to 900 Michigan stores, back down along the lake and then up the river walk. Had lunch at the Park Cafe looking straight up at the &quot;bean&quot; and then walked down to the Art Institute. Bottom line, great location, comfortable room, friendly staff and can be a good value.I would stay again.	
Jun 6 2008 	It's just a Hyatt	The Hyatt is the Hyatt. I have been staying there on and off for more than 20 years. The hotel is well run, clean and well managed, but it's nothing special when compared to other upscale hotels in Chicago.I know. I commute to Chicago every week and have done so for the past year and a half. I've stayed in dozens of different hotels.My room was a queen and very small. The staff person who helped me use the kiosk check-in devices knew that and mentionned it to me as soon as he saw the room number. &quot;Yes, it's not the king you were hoping for and the room is smaller than most, it does have a great view.&quot;The view was decent - a partial shot of the Chicago River and many other high rises - but not great.I guess I shouldn't complain though. I booked through Hotwire and got a very reasonable price, so it's not unexpected that I wouldn't get an &quot;A&quot; room. On other trips I received rooms that were quite spectacular. I guess it depends on the occupancy.The room was comfortable and clean. Only a stand up shower, so if you are a bath person, make sure you ask when you check in.I do not eat or drink in any of the restaurants at the Hyatt. They are very expensive and the food is only average at best. There are many close by restaurants that guests can walk to that have better food and are more reasonably priced. I was only there for one night this trip so I didn't use any of the other ammenities.The new check in kiosks actually took longer to use then stepping up to the counter, but that could have been &quot;user error&quot;. I'm guessing when the lines are long the kiosks will be a welcome opportunity to check in, and as I get more proficcient, the processing will be faster. As mentionned, there was a staff person there assisting. he was very helpful and knowledgeable.Two pet peeves about this hotel - no free wifi and they won't let you use your frequent stay number if you book through Hotwire. I get why they do that and don't expect credit for a discounted room, but at least by using your number, you could get a free paper in the morning and at least be recognized as a Gold Passport member. I always mention that to management but one person isn't going to change their business model.Overall the hotel was fine and I would recommend it if you can get a good rate. It's close to Mag Mile, nightlife and restaurants and shopping. Also convenienet to many modes of transportation - the &quot;L&quot; both airports, and Metra trains to the 'Burbs, as an example.	
May 31 2008	Hotel OK Service above average	I have stayed at this hotel many years ago, and I must say not too much has changed. One exception though, the hotel has excellent service which can make up for it's average design and looks. The hotel has several good restaurants with a great breakfast buffet and an awesome gym.	
May 29 2008 	Excellent Hyatt	I stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago for 5 nights in May 2008 while attending a conference. I had a room on the 5th floor overlooking the hotel atrium, facing E. Wacker. The room included a sofa and a comfortable chair as well as a desk chair. The bed was comfortable. Each room has a plasma TV (~42&quot;). Each room has an iPod dock. The room was a very nice size, as was the bathroom. The hotel is in a very good location; within walking distance to shopping, museums, and restaurants.I tend to favor Hyatts, and overall, I was very pleased with my stay.	
May 28 2008 	Nice rooms but ripoff beverage prices and parking fees	The room was nicely remodeled with a plasma tv etc. The bathroom was smallish and had no exhaust fan of any kind making it a steambath when taking a shower. The toilet didn't flush properly. The large glass ceiling lobby, restaurant, and bar area was very pleasant except for the fact the air conditioning was not able to keep it cool. The bar area had to be pushing 90 degrees on a sunny day! The drinks were the most overpriced I have ever encountered! Total ripoff. The restaurant prices were not too bad if you order from the menu. The breakfast buffet was way overpriced for the quality offered. The hotel staff was nice. I rode Amtrak to Chicago to avoid the ripoff parking fees of nearly $50.00 a day. All in all I would think there are better hotels for the money in Chicago.	
May 27 2008 	Excellent Location - But Is It Necessary?	This is a conference hotel primarily. The property is huge, so it's easy to get lost. At $48 per night parking, it's far better to take public transportation or even taxis to get around town. I love Chicago, and the hotel's location was good for walking and shopping. However, you can get around town fairly easily without having to shell out hundreds of dollars per night, plus all the overpriced extras at this hotel. The hotel has a vibrant profit center from its conference facilities, so unless you're here for a conference, it's not worth the money to stay here.	
May 23 2008	Nickeled and dimed to death	A very pleasant hotel, but sheesh, the prices! $48 a day to park!!!$5 a day to use the room safe.$13.61 a day to use the internet. $25 a day to use the mini-fridge (which I needed to keep meds cold)Exorbitant room service prices.And so on, and so on.	
May 19 2008	Bring earplugs to this beautiful hotel	We stayed here on Saturday night, the beginning of the National Restaurant Association convention, which brings 74,000 people to Chicago. We had booked for two people on Priceline, and I know from previous stays that some Hyatt Regencys won't put rollaways into some of their rooms. We solved the problem by using 1-800-CHECKIN. I think you may have to join their free Passport Club to use this service. You can call this number the day of your stay, any time, and get your room blocked out for you on the phone at that time. The woman on the phone assured me that this would get me a better room that using the front desk. They put us in a room with a pullout sofa, in the East Tower with a beautiful view of the Park. The room was very clean and comfortable, but the noise in the hall is all too clearly audible. I actually heard the person dropping the morning newspapers in front of doors. Alas, this did not mean he was in front of my door. We were on a road trip and had a fan, but without it, it would have been a very noisy night, as people in the hall and the above mentioned staffer were clearly audible, even above the fan. The staff is incredibly polite and helpful, just who I would want to have if I had a problem. Park elsewhere - the garage was $48 a night.	
May 11 2008 	FILTHY and DIRTY	I first noticed the filth when I went to turn on the air/fan in the bedroom. The dust on the vent was 1/4 inch thick. There were crumbs in the dresser drawers. There was 1/4 inch of dust on the floor boards, on the door stopper in the bathroom, and on the sprinkler in the bathroom. The bathroom door was splattered with God only knows what! There was mold in the bathroom and the bathroom wallpaper was stained and splattered.  The remote control and TV were not working properly so I called for maintenance. The maintenance person arrive and asked me about my stay so far and I told him about the room. He called the &quot;Exceptional Stay&quot; department who was to come and touch up the room while I was out for the evening. I arrived back to the room rather late and noticed that I had some new towels, but that was about it. Nothing else looked as though it had been touched. The repairman had fixed the remote for the TV but by the next evening, it no longer worked properly. I spoke to the manager at the front desk about my experiences and she offered to move me to another room, and promised to have a bell hop up to my room in 5 minutes to help me with the move. Over a half hour later, I moved myself because no one showed up. The new room wasn't much better, only this one not only had mold on the ceiling in the shower, but had mold on the shower curtain too. It was far too late at night to do anything about it so I was stuck there for a second night. I was disgusted. The next morning I secured a room at The Hard Rock Hotel before checking out -- which was beautifully clean! A collegue stayed at &quot;Club Quarters,&quot; also nearby, and said the prices were great and the rooms were clean [if a bit on the small side.] I would never consider staying at that Hyatt again. The one upside was that the Hyatt only charged me for one of the two nights. But they should probably not have charged me at all. I'm shocked at the housekeeping practices there. I was kicking myself for not bringing a camera on this trip. I noticed that others have reported good experiences at the Hyatt and I'm just stunned. I am the director of a department where I work and from that perspective, if I were the management at the Hyatt, the entire housekeeping staff would be fired. All I can add is that I stayed in the East Tower and maybe the West Tower is nicer. I had a reduced rate because of an affiliation with the university and maybe that's the reason I was given two poor quality rooms. But for $259 per night I expect far more.	
Apr 30 2008	Fabulous Location	My husband and I stayed here a week in April, 2008.We were travelling with work and the costs did not come out of our pocket. If they had, we would have found some prices high. Wireless internet is $14/day; room service is $3.50 delivery fee plus 15% mandatory gratuity plus inflated meal prices.If you are travelling for pleasure and can forego internet and room service, I recommend the Hyatt Regency. Here's why:1. Fabulous location. It is right in between the Magnificent Mile and the Loop. Easy walk to Navy Pier, Millenium Park, Art Institute, Macy's, waterfront, river tours, and TONS of restaurants.2. Comfortable and clean beds, linens, and rooms (pictures already posted by others reflect our room and bathroom very well).3. Free gym. The gym is rather small but it has bikes, ellipticals, weights (free and machine) televisions, and treadmills.4. Great concierge service - always friendly, always available.TIPS FOR TRAVELLERS:1. Ask for an upper floor room - you will get a good view of either downtown, the Mag Mile, the river, or the lake.2. Ask for a fridge. They might give you one for free (though their officlal policy is to charge).3. There is a huge grocery store called Dominick's very close to the hotel. Ask the concierge for directions.4. If travelling via air: Take the &quot;Go&quot; Shuttle from O'Hare - it will bring you straight to hotel for $27 one way; $45 round trip. Discounts for groups.BOTTOM LINE: if you can forego the small hotel feel and stay in a HUGE and impersonal complex, this is a fabulous downtown location with a comfortable, clean, and good-sized room; good concierge service; and lots of amenities nearby.	
Apr 29 2008 	Perfect for the price	Booked for $90 on Priceline. Room was King Bed.Lobby was busy, but there was a convention staying at the hotel. Staff was nice and courteous. The bathroom from other units was audible, and the hallway wall seemed thin, but it never woke me up.We weren't in the room much, but the location was great if you are in town for a sightseeing weekend like we were. Few blocks from the State/Lake L stop that put you on a few different lines.	
Apr 28 2008 	Loved it!	This comes a little late as I'm finally catching up on my reviews from the past several months:) A dear friend and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency in late October 2007 for one night while visiting a friend and her husband from out of town. This hotel is perfect, IMO. Easy check in and check out. Lovely, clean, comfortable rooms with great views of the city. I know this area pretty well and it's very convenient to many downtown Chicago attractions. We had dinner and went clubing with our friends around Division St.. We had no problems getting cabs back and forth to the Hyatt and there's even public transportation right near by but we didn't bother since we only needed cabs from and to the hotel. Parking, as is usual for Chicago, was expensive but we were able to get our car out quickly (however, we left on a Sunday morning, not exactly a high traffic time although it was a Bears homegame day, so a bit busier than usual I would think). No problems at all and the best part is that we got a rate of $100 through Hotwire, a downright steal for this area of Chicago and the quality of the hotel.	
Apr 21 2008 	Great Location	They were out of room, so they offered me the State Suite that had a cot. I accepted the offer because they offered me a $50 food and beverage credit to do so. Though it was likely worth more than that since the cot was not that great. Big room, but without the attached bedroom it was not as cool.	
Apr 21 2008	Great location great place to stay	I just returned from a 3 night weekend stay at the Hyatt Regency. After reading all of the negatives that were previously posted, I was skeptical. However, we thoroughly enjoyed out stay. It is a large hotel, and the lobby is busy, but that's because they have lovely public areas with lots of room for lots of people. We were in the East Tower (the main one) on the 33rd floor with a view of the Chicago River and a peak at the lake. It was gorgeous, and we enjoyed coming back to our room each night to enjoy the view when it was all lit up. We had a king room and, while it was not very big, it was certainly adequate for what we needed. The bathroom was a nice size with lovely amenities. There's a coffee bar in the lobby that serves Starbucks, and you can get pastry, fruit, etc. is you're on the run. If you walk out of the hotel and turn left and go about a block and a half straight, there's a Corner Bakery that is great and inexpensive for breakfast. Anything from pastries to full breakfasts. The Hyatt Regency is in an excellent location for sightseeing. We were only about 2 blocks from the Mag Mile, and we walked to the Art Institute, Millenium Park and several other places. Cabs are easy to find, so for $5.00 or so, you can cab it if it's too far to walk. My only criticism of the Hyatt is that there is virtually no drawer space in the room. They stuck a makeshift, small chest in the closet, but if you have a lot of clothes that you want to unpack, there's almost no place to put them unless you hang them in the closet. We just hung up what we could and left the rest in our luggage. Not a big deal. All in all, we'd stay there again and recommend it.	
Apr 18 2008 	Not bad for the price and location	I stayed here recently to attend a conference at the hotel so it was convenient. The hotel itself is a little outdated in the lobby area but the room I had on the 32nd floor was mostly updated so was a pleasure to stay in. The layout with the desk area running behind the bed was an efficient and attractive design. The bed was very comfortable. My room had a great view of Lake Michigan.The layout of the hotel was a bit sprawling with long corridors to get from the lobby to my tower. The location of the hotel on East Whacker was very nice. So, stay here if the price is right for you and the location works, but don't stay here for a premium hotel experience. I'm sure there are better hotels for that.	
Apr 15 2008 	Mixed Reviews	Was here for a 3 day conference and found the hotel common areas such as lobby not that appealling! The Big Bar was kinda cool and a good place to people watch and hang out but restaurants were difficult to access and not that inviting. Thank goodness the rooms were pretty decent &amp; clean! Great beds and flat screen TVs in some rooms. Close walk to Miracle Mile Shopping area-good location if you like to shop! Might see Michael Jordan having drinks there-I did-that was the highlight for me-a big Bulls fan!! Chicago was great, but make I'm not sure if I would recommend this hotel! RMA.Hamilton, Ontario, Canada	
Apr 12 2008	go to a 2 star you'll be better off	4 star inconvinience. moldy bathroom walls, haqir in the bathtub. 50$ parking pernight. for internet you pay min 7 dollars which gives you 15 min, then you add another 7 dollars... it took them 40 min and 3 phonecalls to bring a toothpaste up to the room. 300 bucks to get these does not leave you pleased. sorry!	
Apr 10 2008	Great staff excellent location but a bit worn around the edges....	This big 'ole Hyatt is in a great location in the loop. I stayed on the 21st floor of the west tower. this hotel is BIG. over 2,000 rooms. the staff is excellent - they really went out of their way to make my stay enjoyable. here are some things i don't like about the property:- old hotel and it feels it.- way too big for it's own good. 2nd floor of the west tower has a few bar/restaurants that make you feel like your in penn station NYC. - they charge $14 per nite for in room wifi - that is a rip off- they charge a $1 &quot;connection fee&quot; to dial a toll free number - that is a rip off- the minibar prices are a comedy - $8.50 for a bottle of fiji water- the coffee bar on the ground floor charges $3 for a scone when starbux and any good bakery would charge less. this is not a ballpark or an airport - this is a rip off.the room was clean, there was a docking station for my ipod and there was a nice big flat panel tv. would i stay here again - NO. but you could do worse....	
Apr 10 2008 	Great for the price ideal location.	My husband and I booked a three night stay at this hotel through Priceline. We got it for $99, which I thought was pretty decent. The hotel is in a great location downtown, very close to Navy Pier and right off Michigan Ave. We were able to walk everywhere - from the Sears Tower to the State Street shops to the Museum Campus!Our check-in and check-out went very smoothly, the staff was always polite and friendly. We didn't eat at any of the restaurants in the hotel or order room service as it was extremely overpriced - even for Chicago! This hotel is huge and it was full of conference attendees but I never felt crowded and we never had trouble getting to or from our room on the 21st floor.The room itself was pretty nice, quite large. I've stayed downtown for a similar price and the room was barely large enough to fit the bed! The Hyatt's room had a king bed, two nightstands, the TV stand / desk, a couch and coffee table with plenty of room to move around. I did like the flat panel TV but agree with another reviewer who wishes the hotel would spring for HD! Bed wasn't extremely comfortable, but it wasn't too bad either. Bathroom was adequate, although the toilet didn't flush properly and I wish there was more counter space.Overall, I am very satisfied with my stay at the Hyatt Regency and would do so again if I could get it for $99 or less.	
Apr 8 2008 	not that great	we spent 5 days at this hotel for a meeting. the location was ok, but still a couple of blocks away from all the action. the whole complex is a little on the shabby side--chairs in the lobby had disconcerting stains on them. the room itself was just average and in need of paint and a makeover. toilets were of the type you find in a bus station (not that i've ever been in a bus station), the kind with a bar in back that you flush with your foot since you're scared to touch it! i've NEVER seen that in an expensive hotel. and yes--it was expensive. we didn't have a flat screen tv when we checked in on wednesday, but on thursday they installed one in our room and the rest of the floor. internet access was almost $14 a day. we ordered room service twice, and it was delivered promptly, even the breakfast we preordered for 4:15 am so we could catch our flight. all the service personnel we had dealings with were polite and helpful. they will not give you fresh towels or fresh sheets without request--they claim they're trying to save the environment. i don't believe the room was vacuumed our entire stay. nothing greener than dirty carpet, huh!? anyway, i think there are much better quality and values for your money. we only stayed there because it was the venue of the seminar--any further meetings we have to attend at this hotel, we'll stay elsewhere.	
Apr 7 2008 	The real review will come in October...	Ok, let me preface these comments by noting that I (and I had my wife with me) was at the Hyatt as part of a mid-year board meeting for a professional organization. We have our meetings at the site of our upcoming (October) annual conference. Therefore, we were designated as &quot;VIP's&quot;, which may mean that the overwhelmingly attentive customer service I received may not reflect the experience of the average guest. October will tell the tale; I'm sure that we won't be VIP status, since our group will number about 3,500 or so...we'll just be regular guests.All the same, I was really ambivalent about my stay based on the TA reviews I had read. My experiece was a good one. Our room was really nice--very comfortable bed, and I enjoyed having an LCD TV to watch. We were on the 30th floor with wonderful view of the river, the Hancock Tower, etc. We thought the water pressure might be an issue, given the way the sink flowed, but the shower turned out to be just fine. Internet access was plenty fast, but too pricey (almost $14/day...but I had it free for this visit).Customer service was very good---but keep in mind the VIP thing. When they called to tell us our second room was ready (we were given an adjoining suite/living/dining room w/bar, couches, etc), my wife went down to get the key. Because the reservation was made by my organization, she wasn't listed....so they wouldn't give her the key. However, the customer-service agent in the lobby came up with her to verify that she was my wife. Everytime I called someone on the phone, they used my name. So, overall, very good customer service.It's a little thing, but I really liked being able to print my boarding pass--no charge--at the concierge's desk.Prices at the coffee shop, etc.---forget it. Outrageous ripoff.Location--can't beat it. Easy walking access to both ends of the Maginificent Mile, the Pier, etc. Only a few blocks from the State/Lake CTA stop, from which you can catch the Orange Line straight to Midway...for $2.00. The other lines are easy to access as well.So, for now, this is an ok place to stay. We'll see in October.	
Apr 4 2008	Terrible	This hotel has serious security problems. There are thieves, brigands, cutpurses roaming the entryway and the escalator leading up to the front desk, even during the day. When my wife's wallet was stolen right in front of them, the front desk people didn't much care. Security is definitely a concern here. The service is also subpar, as our room service orders were consistently later than quoted or scheduled. The facilities are old and in need of renovation. Overall, for the price it is not a good deal. We have stayed at both Westins (Michigan Ave. and River North) and felt they were much, much better.	
Apr 2 2008 	Hated it	I don't usually stay at Hyatt hotels and I was reminded why when I stayed here while attending a convention in the basement. The hotel looks old, feels old and some of the modern amenities you'd expect from a 5 star hotel were sadly lacking. Also, the hotel is just too big for its own good. Check-in is on the 2nd floor, so you have to drag your bags up the escalator yourself (no porters to be seen when I arrived at 6pm after a long transatlantic flight), then you get asked to use the self-service check-in kiosks. I refused and asked to be served by a person and not a machine due to my having two separate reservations. The hotel guy completely blanked me and still wanted me to check in using the machine.I was on the 32nd floor, view was ok of the river but the room looked tired. Huge plasma was screwed to the desk, so much so that there was hardly any desk left available to work using my laptop. Overpriced mini bar, thin walls and doors and a small bathroom were also a drawback. The worst bit was the iron which fell apart in my hands and nearly ended up electrocuting me. On checking out, I brought this to the attention of the registration staff, and they just smiled politely offering a pathetic apology. The location of the hotel is good, but that's about it. If you go to Chicago, don't stay at this 2000+ room hotel with as much personality and charm as a low budget motel.	
Mar 29 2008 	Pleasantly surprised with our exciting stay!	We spent Friday, March 7 at the Hyatt in the West Tower on the amazing 27th floor with a spectacular view of the river, Lake Michigan, and the city. I had booked the Amour Package which included a bottle of champagne with chocolate covered strawberries upon arrival; gift certificates to the fabulous breakfast buffet, and it was all wrapped up with a 2:00 p.m. late check-out! We couldn't have asked for anything better as it accommodated our timing to get to O'Hare on Saturday afternoon to catch our Caribbean flight, making our short but entire stay even more enjoyable! We were thrilled with the heavenly comfort of the kingsized bed that provided an unusually fantastic hotel sleep that I often never get! With being so well rested we were able to do a morning return walk to the Sears Tower to gaze out at the expanse of the lovely Chicago vistas! We would definitely return to the Hyatt; clean and impressive with helpful, courteous and friendly staff; we were treated royally! I'd be remiss if I did not mention their pleasant Concierge Service; wow - simply an all-round first class experience! Highly recommended!	
Mar 29 2008 	Awesome Location No Flat Screen TV thin doors	Ok, so you can't find a better location but we were suprised to not find a flat screen TV in our room. Also, the door was not entirely that thick, I honestly thought my wife was talking to me but it was someone outside down the hall (that's how loud it was).Also, request a room far from the elevators as they are loud as well. Overall, a very nice hotel but the noise and the minor details of it not being what we expected were a little disappointing. Very friendly staff.	
Mar 23 2008	Convenient but Busy!	Hotel's location is quite convenient. Hotel decor is modern although it was obvious the hotel is a bit older. Decently maintained! Room lighting could be better. Not a bad choice if booked at a discounted rate (less than $90/night).	
Mar 22 2008 	We Loved It!	My husband suprised me with tickets to Wicked in Chicago as a Christmas gift and we stayed at the Hyatt Regency for the weekend. We flew in on Friday and out on Sunday. Check in was a breeze and the clerk took the time to explain the various views available and ended up placing us in a room that gave us a view of the river, the lake and the city. The room was set up in a unique way with the bed in the center of the room with a desk/workarea behind the headboard and the large window behind that. It was a beautiful view both at night and during the day. The bathroom was clean and nice - not big but nice. The bathrobes were a nice touch.The Theater was close enough to walk and the hotel concierge was very helpful to us providing area maps and recommendations. We ate at the restaurants within the hotel and although pricey they were GREAT! We would definately return on a future trip.	
Mar 4 2008 	Pros and cons	My husband and I stayed here to just relax and get away. Our junior suite was very nice and clean. We had a great view of the river as well. The negatives were that the walls were very thin and we could hear a conversation some people were having in the next room, so we just turned one of our two flat screen TV's up a little louder. Also, room service was very expensive and the food wasn't even that great. Other than that, good place to stay.	
Mar 3 2008 	Great room great rate great service	We stayed here Feb 16-18. I booked them through Priceine at the fabulous rate of $75.00/night. (We bid $75.00 on a 4-star hotel and amazingly, it was accepted.) Contrary to what other reviews said, I found the customer service from ALL staff I encountered superior. Even staff that were not directly helping us were very friendly. As soon as we arrived, which was only 10 in the morning, we were helped by an extremely professional and friendly girl who found us a room even though it was many hours before check-in. Someone made a comment on this site that they were treated poorly because they had booked thorugh Priceline. I felt like we were treated like we'd paid full price. If any hotel treated us with less respect just because we got a great rate, I also would be turned off by the hotel, but this was definitely not the case for us. We also needed help from the concierge, and he was great. I loved that we were able to leave our luggage at the hotel for several hours the day we were leaving so we could walk around the city after check-out. Our room was immaculate and large. And we only had a standard king room. Our bathroom was large. You could tell that the bathroom had been updated, because the tub, faucet and lever to turn it on were very outdated. I could have cared less, but I know others who read this can be very particular and thought it would only be fair to point it out... The only thing &quot;wrong&quot; with the room was one of the closet doors was broken. It was off its hinges and basically leaning against the frame. Since we were only there for 2 days, it didn't matter much to us. I just hoped we wouldn't be blamed for it! Huge, flat panel TV. Since we don't have one at home, it was a treat. Large desk. Recliner and coffee table. We really didn't have much of a view except of the office building across the way, but I didn't mind too much. For $75, I wasn't going to complain! BUT, from the way the East and West towers are situated, I THINK if you check in at the East Tower, you have a better chance of getting a view of the lake... We checked into the West Tower, so I think that's why they put us in a room there... Oh yeah, and the bed was SO comfortable! Except for some late night partiers that woke us on Sunday morning about 5:30am in the hallway, it was very quiet the rest of the time. In fact, I found the room to be quieter than our room at home. And we don't live in a city! I slept VERY well.	
Mar 3 2008 	Location great hotel good not great	No matter what, it is expensive to stay in downtown Chicago. Based on that, i guess I shouldn't be to harsh in my review. It just seems to me that for what you have to pay to stay here, you should get &quot;knock your socks off service&quot;. I don't think you really get anymore here than you do in your average Courtyard hotel, except for location. We requested a king room when booking, but we were told they could not guarantee one would be available. When we got there, we were told they were out of king rooms and we could request one in the morning and move. I called late morning and was told they still did not have one available, but probably would later in the day. I was told the request for a king room was noted on my account and they would call and leave a message later in the day when one was available. When I returned to the room later that day, there was no message, so I called the front desk again. She put me through to an asst. manager and I wanted to know the status of my request. He told me he did not see a request on my account. I told him I had talked to 2 different people about this and was told it was on my account. He asked who I had talked to, and that irritates me. I do not think it should be my responsibility to document my conversations with staff and I also feel like you think I'm making this up when you ask me to document my conversations. I do not expect this kind of &quot;service&quot; from a hotel of this caliber. They did have a king room available, but I should not have had to go through this to get one.If you want to park at the hotel, it is up to $45 per night, so keep that in mind when booking the room. There is other parking available for about $20 a night, but it is 5 blocks away. The rooms are very clean and the beds are comfortable. They have 40&quot; flat TV's in the room, but the picture is not in HD. Again, for the price, couldn't we have HD TV?All in all, this is a nice upscale expensive place to stay in a very convenient location. No way would I call this a 5 star though. Its just a big clean hotel that can charge a lot for rooms because of where it is, not what it is.	
Feb 29 2008	Great hotel	Great hotel in a wonderful location. I stayed in this hotel last weekend for one night before coming home and I loved it. I couldn't recommend it highly enough. Evidently popular and busy, the staff were still helpful.The rooms were lovely and spacious and clean. Bathrooms were clean, bright and spacious also.I'd definitely recommend this hotel too, it's close to the magnificant mile.	
Feb 27 2008	Great location!	I was able to get a great rate through priceline, under 100.00 total and was pleasantly surprised. The location was perfect. In valet line we asked where we might find alternative self parking and the attendant guides us across the street where we saved 20.00 a night. The rooms are very nice but are small. Overall, good value but I would be hesitant to stay here for the listed room rates	
Feb 24 2008 	Very Nice Stay	I've stayed here at least four other times at this hotel but this stay was the best. I was wondering what type of room I would receive since I had booked this hotel through a discount hotel site for a FANTASTIC rate. Imagine my surprise when I got to my room and found gorgeous city views and very nice furnishings. The bathroom was nice and the linens were great. Yes...this is a HUGE. corporate hotel but if you get the right room, it is very nice. The location is convenient to the MAG Mile and the loop. I was very happy with my room and my stay.	
Feb 17 2008 	Good hotel excellent location	The Hyatt Regency Park is an extremely corporate hotel - it's massive, so doesn't have much character. However, the rooms were spacious and clean, the facilities were good, and the staff helpful.I stayed there during a Christmas shopping trip to Chicago, and it's location couldn't have been better - it's right at the top of the Magnificent Mile, so is handy for when the shopping bags get a bit too heavy!I would have preferred to stay at a more characterful hotel, but the rate was so cheap (I booked through expedia) and there was nothing in our price range with any character. The hotel was perfectly adequate for what we wanted.On booking I requested a room with a lake view, and was given this for no extra charge, which I thought, for such a large hotel, was good going. I would also request a room higher up the towers, as the views are better.I would recommend this to anyone who is travelling to Chicago, but just be warned that the hotel doesn't have a personality of its own! Luckily the city of Chicago makes up for this.	
Feb 8 2008	Kinda great -- Ingore the naysayers	I pricelined a couple of company rooms for $77 each... clearly the dead of winter is the off season, so that may not work for you. But to be honest, I was worried, given some of the negative reviews on this board. I was surprised to find my room comfy, renovated, and relatively perfect; apparently the renovation is done. The room service food (had the whitefish) was excellent, the lobby grand. OK, this isn't a four seasons, so don't expect one, but overall, it was pretty damn nice, and a hell of a bargain.	
Feb 4 2008 	Nice Room	I stayed here last February for a work-related conference. The people at the front desk suggested we use the electronic check-in kiosk, but unfortunately it did not recognize the names of anyone in my company so we all ended up checking-in at the desk anyway. The room was clean, and I liked the modern decor. Unfortunately, the weather was terrible at the time (sleet/snow), so I couldn't take advantage of the nice location. I spent a lot of time watching TV in my hotel room, so I'm glad it was comfortable!	
Feb 1 2008	Great Place	I stay here for work, but its central for all tourist activities as well. Great place, great location.	
Jan 29 2008 	Great rate for a perfect location	Excellent winter rate on the Hyatt website for a January weekend in Chicago at $109 a night per room (plus taxes)...Travelzoo was showing other Chicago hotels running comparable rates in January as well. I needed multiple rooms for a family trip--booked four rooms (two with two double beds, two kings) via the Hyatt website. I had stayed in this hotel before for work, the location is very central -- on the river not far from Michigan Avenue/Art Institute. We were visiting friends who live River North and friends in the South Loop, so the Hyatt Regency was truly a central location. It was absolutely freezing the weekend we were in Chicago, so walking to any sites was not happening! -- thankfully cabs were readily available at the hotel, and rides were inexpensive. We also had rides from friends who live in Chicago, and quickly realized that the driveway entrance to the hotel is a complete traffic jam--best to be picked up on the side street!!The rooms were clean, comfortable beds, spacious bathroom with marble floors. Suited our needs perfectly.One note, I had booked four rooms, but at last mintue only needed three...Their cancellation policy is steadfast -- 72 hours notice required. I didn't have a problem with this since I knew about it in advance and seemed reasonable given how low the rate was - only reason I mention is to warn you that they really do have a cancellation policy!	
Jan 27 2008 	Stay elsewhere until they renovate	Stayed here for 5 nights in a King &quot;Junior Suite&quot;. There are so many better places to stay in Chicago.1. This is 3rd time we've stayed here (work makes us stay here) and each time NO hot water. That's even after running the water for 20 minutes to see if it ever comes. Since to me cold water is camping, not hotel, I called front desk and 10 minutes and 3 calls later, someone from engineering told me the trick - you have to run the shower AND the hot water in the sink and then hot water comes.2. Despite our large room, like other reviewers, the walls were paper thin. We heard EVERYTHING. I'm sure my neighbors did not enjoy our 6-year old son dancing and singing at 7 am but then again I didn't like hearing their drunk antics at 4 am - you get the picture.3. DIRTY!! Our room had a mini fridge with spilled nasty sticky stuff on the bottom when we checked in. Lightbulbs were burned out in the room. Scuffs and torn and ripped furniture. Our couch was so stained we did not want to sit on it. Ceiling of bathroom looked what can only be described as &quot;corroding&quot;. Some days our 2 glasses were clearly dirty (lipstick marks on them - not mine).4. This is a HUGE hotel. There was a 4,000-person conference and at times we'd have to wait 15 minutes to get an elevator. Also, to get a cab sometimes took 20 minutes because everyone wants to leave for dinner at the same time.On the good side:The beds were ultra-comfortable, the bedding was clean and luxurious, and the staff in the concierge lounge were helpful.	
Jan 20 2008 	Great Energy and Great Location made for a very nice stay.	My best friend and I got a bargain on a package deal that included airfare and 2 nights at this hotel in mid-January of 2008. I have seen a lot of negative reviews of this property recently, and while some of them do have validity, I feel most of them are overblown.There were quite a few things I really liked about the property: The hotel IS huge, and while this may be a drawback for some, I found it to give the property a great energy with people constantly around in the lobby and bar area. The location is excellent, right by the Mag Mile. From our window on the 23rd floor we could see both the river and the Wrigley Building. There are several restaurants on the property and a Pedway you can use to link to several local businesses. The room was a tad small, but immaculately clean. We had a big screen plasma TV as well. The wireless internet is very fast (but a tad pricey). Beds were comfortable, but nothing to go wild about.There were also some things I didn't like, of course. The front desk staff wasn't unfriendly, but they were definitely all business. When I walked up to check in, the first thing she said to me was &quot;Last name?&quot; I found all the staff to be this way during the trip. All business, no friendliness. Perhaps at a property this size it has to be that way, but I still think a little &quot;Welcome to the Hyatt.&quot; before &quot;Last Name?&quot; would have been appropriate. The costs in the minibar, while always expensive, were outrageous here. A can of coke was over $5.Overall, I enjoyed my time at the property, and my weekend getaway to Chicago in general. (My first time in the city!) I would be more than happy to stay at the Hyatt again.	
Jan 6 2008 	Never again	There are so many wonderful hotels in the Mag Mile area - from the Fairmont to (even) the Marriott! So there's no reason to stay at the Hyatt unless you have to. My boyfriend and I were here for a conference and we found it lacking in many areas, chief among which was the rude front desk people. The cleaning ladies and the repair staff (which we had to contact to replace the lights in the bathroom) were WONDERFUL! The people working the front desk were incredibly rude, especially when I called down to tell them about the lights in the bathroom. They made me feel like I was inconveniencing them. This is also the LOUDEST hotel I've ever been in. We were on the 27th floor in the West tower and my guess is that these used to be suites that were turned into single rooms. The walls are so thin you can hear every conversation that goes on in the rooms beside you as well as in the hallway. You can also hear everything that happens in the bathrooms around you. It doesn't feel very private! Honestly, I think the hotel is just too big. The staff clearly can't handle the volume of people who come through here and it shows. All in all, I wouldn't recommend this hotel. It is, however, clean and conveniently located.	
Jan 2 2008 	Worst New Year's Eve stay!	As a business-person and frequent traveler I have to say that my stay for New Years Eve at the Chicago Hyatt was the worst experience I have ever had in a hotel  world wide.From the over-priced room with a view (dirty windows looking at the river?) to the smoke-smell to the messed up dinner reservations.the list goes on. We gladly paid the full all access, up-graded room cost, trusting Hyatt for a great New Years and my wife and I were sadly disappointed to the point of checking out at 7am New Years Day to drive back home.	
Jan 2 2008 	Poor service 	There are some nice features of this hotel but I would never stay there again. I travel often &amp; can honestly say that the last night was one of my worst hotel experiences ever.Pros: excellent location, modern, clean, nice views from some rooms.Cons: crowded elevator areas, VERY noisy rooms (toilets, neighbors, outside traffic), no response when you need help.We stayed over New Year's. I understand that it will be noisy just after midnight but our experience was UNREAL. We booked w/ two other groups so we had three rooms to evaluate. Parties on every floor until 6:30AM. People yelling in halls all night, teens smoking outside rooms (non-smoking hotel). It was more like a frat house than a hotel. It took FIVE calls to finally get the front desk attendent. She supposedly sent security to our floors but you wouldn't know it. Yelling &amp; banging &amp; flushing persisted until 6:30AM. Out of our group of 6 people, we had a collective 8 hours of sleep.In the morning, we called the front desk for a cab to the airport. The snotty girl said cabs are always outside &amp; we could also take the shuttle. So we go downstairs and guess what? No cabs. Too much work the night before. We look for the shuttle. It cost twice as much tas a cab but after the BS from the night before, we were glad to get the hell away from this place.If you value a good night's rest &amp; customer service, I strongly recommend you find another hotel.	
Jan 1 2008	Consistantly acceptable	I stay here whenever the hotel runs a special price. We are in Chicago often because our children attend college here. It seems like we are always in a different hotel, with a couple places being our reliable fallbacks. This Hyatt falls in that category for us.I wasn't in Chicago for the New Year's celebration and glad this was not my motivation because the place was packed, as was the entire city! I checked in quickly, being a gold member. Checked in again when the first room did not meet my standards. I think it was an afterthought on their part to see if I would complain. I did. I was moved swiftly into a better room but no view. This is a huge hotel but we get over it and enjoy the location being central to just about everything in downtown Chicago. Staffing and security was top priority, it being New Year's Eve and all. At 3AM there were several people continuing their party in the hall outside our room. But they were quickly dispersed and no additional problems. This said a lot to me given the security issues that MIGHT have been. At 9AM you could not tell there had been a massive party. All clean, staff bright eyed and ready for a new day. Nicely done Hyatt, especially with the security and getting us into a room with two doubles and a chair!	
Jan 1 2008 	New Years at the Hyatt Regency	My boyfriend and two of our friends decided to stay at the Hyatt Regency on New Years Eve, 2007/2008. We were not going to go to the hotel party located within the hotel. We had other plans which were far better. However, we chose this hotel for its good location and above average reputation.Room- wonderful. The bed was very comfy, and there was a sofa and a comfy chair. Also had a huge plasma tv! The bathroom was nice as well, with a wonderful shower. However, it does need a bit more light, plus, the hair dryer didn't work.Service-from the moment I walked into the hotel (I was the first one of my group there) I was greeted and treated well. The front desk agent was very helpful and friendly. Also, later, we decided to open a bottle of wine, and room service was more than happy to quickly send up a bottle opener.Food-We ate at the 151 Bistro for breakfast. The buffet was outstanding for a hotel buffet, with an omelette station and everything. However, it was a wee bit pricy at $22. Still, though, it was better than going out in the snow.The only bad things I have to say are about the people who stayed at the hotel who DID go to the hotel party. When we arrived back at the hotel, they were rude and drunk. When we got into an elevator, some girl pressed every button so we stopped at every floor, not the best when we were on the 24th floor. Overall, though, this has nothing to do with the hotel. I will stay here again if I need to.	
Dec 30 2007 	Good Chicago hotel	I stayed one night in January 2007 prior to attending a conference at another hotel.I arrived early and was able to check in. The front desk person did not seem very friendly.The room was nice but I did not have a good view.The hotel complex is large. Just getting to the fitness center was a trek. It did have a nice selection of exercise machines.The location is within walking distance to nearby sights and the L which will take you pretty much anywhere in Chicago.I was able to get a nice rate for my stay but there are plenty of good hotels in Chicago so definitely shop around.	
Dec 29 2007	Best Thanksgiving Ever	This hotel was great. We had access to all the major attractions. My daughter's group were treated fairly good during the trip. The only problem was that some of the businesses were closed for the Thanksgivihg holiday. We made up with shopping on Black Friday down the Magnificent Mile.	
Dec 29 2007 	Decent Hotel	We booked our stay at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago on Expedia for $199 per night. This was not a great rate, as it was the same on the Hyatt website. Anyway, back to the hotel.We arrived at 9:00 AM, not expecting a room at the early time, but upon check-in we were surprised that they had one ready. Check-in was a breeze, however the staff seemed unpleasant.Our room was fine, as we didn't spend extensive amounts of time in it, however if you plan on spending time other than sleep in the room, you might want to consider a different hotel.The beds were comfortable, but the sheets felt cheap. The desk was large enough for a lamp, laptop, and some papers. The TV, while plasma, wasn't very good in terms of picture quality, and the movie prices were outrageous.The bathroom was large and well appointed, but some of the tiles were cracked and the grout was dirty. The bathtub/shower combo was fine, but old. With all these minor flaws in mind, nothing could beat our view. It was excellent. We had an unobstructed view of Lake Michigan, the Chicago River, and Navy Pier. It was so nice falling asleep in a setting such as this.Hallways were long, but well lit. The elevator lobby was average, and it took FOREVER for elevators to arrive. I think they only had one or two working.The main lobby was a great place to hang out and have an evening drink. It seemed oriented towards younger people, and was a really hip and happening place.The location of this hotel was great, but to avoid walking over the bridge to reach Michigan Ave., I recommend the Sheraton across the river.Overall, we had a great time in Chicago. The Hyatt Regency was not worth the price, but was a nice place to spend a few nights. Next time we will be staying at the Sheraton because of the location.	
Dec 28 2007	Chicago: Hyatt Regency - Deceptive Business Practices	The Chicago Hyatt Regency deceptively alters the cancellation policy by charging the full room rate upon cancellation--ie the room cannot be cancelled. I recently booked over the phone a one night stay directly with the hotel. The reservation specialist mentioned over the phone there was a 72-hour cancellation policy. However, when I tried to cancel the reservation within that timeframe, Robert, the reservation supervisor, said that the room could not be cancelled at any time without charging full price for the room. He said that I should refer to the confirmation e-mail that states at the bottom thatprepayment is required at time of booking / non-refunable. This clearly was not what was agreed to over the phone. I told him to cancel without being charged. In response, he threatened to cancel and charge me for the full stay. Why would someone cancel if they are going to be charged full price? The bottom line is the hotel deceptively changed the terms of the agreement, and Robert should go back to customer service school!	
Dec 28 2007 	Be Aware (BEWARE) of Hyatt's Reservation Policy	My husband and I made reservations well in advance for a quiet romantic getaway in a smoking King bed or Two Double bed room. However at check in we were informed that they did not have our requested room. They said they would upgrade us-actually downgraded to a very cramped One Double bed no smoking room, a room that far less than what we had reserved. I have stayed in nicer motel rooms. It was slightly larger than a walkin closet and noisy being located directly over the glass ceiling bar with disco music thumping well into the night. When we contacted corporate we were informed that their reservation policy only guarantees that you will have A ROOM. It does not have to remotely resemble what you reserved. You can reserve a no smoking room and end up in smoking, you can reserve a king bed and end up with a twin and a rollaway bed (according to someone else's review). They apparently feel that you should just be grateful that you have a room. (It's not that there isn't anywhere else to stay in Chicago nor any other city that they are located in) I find this policy to be very deceptive! They know how many rooms they have. If they were upfront about what was available, you would at least have the option of booking elsewhere-or is that what they are trying to avoid? Now that I know this I will definately stay elsewhere!	
Dec 22 2007 	Wonderful!	We booked through Travelocity for $99/nt over 12/18 to 20. I was afraid we'd get a less desirable room because of the cheap rate and was prepared for the worst. However, we arrived in town about 11:30 am and were allowed to check in right away. I asked for a room with a view to see what would happen and we were given a room in the east tower on the 33rd floor facing the Hancock building. It was so nice! The room was clean; plenty of hot water, very quiet. It is an excellent location. We walked everywhere: State St shopping, Mag. Mile, Millenium Park, etc... There were plenty of reasonable places to eat (had one teenager with us). The Corner Bakery was the BEST for breakfast and so close. I really enjoyed Chicago and this hotel.	
Dec 19 2007 	Good value at the Hyatt Regency	We stayed at the Hyatt for a weekend away in early December. The location is nice, just one block from Michigan Ave. A $7 cab ride from Union Station. We found the check in easy and fast. Our room was ready before noon without any issues. The room itself was adequate with nice views of the river. Because this is a very large convention hotel do not expect some of the touches you find with the higher end properties in the city. Overall this is a good hotel for the money if you are planning to spend most of your time on Michigan Ave.	
Dec 18 2007	Best location in Chicago	Loved the Hyatt. Check in was a 2 minute deal and we checked in early which was great! Room was on the 6th floor which was great. Location is probably one of the best in Chicago; free trolleys to Navy Pier, Macy's and other spots. Michigan Ave (mag. Mile is 1 block away. Millenium Park also 1 block over. Great restaurants abound; Catch 35 is FABULOUS; also the CHOPHOUSE is also great. Also, there's a free shuttle to an Indiana casino that leaves from the west tower every few hours. Also, a great Italian bistro in the west tower that has great Italian food and sandwiches. Also had a party in the atrium with our group; food was very good.  Enjoyed our short stay, and would'nt hesitate to stay here again.	
Dec 16 2007 	Ideal location to explore Chicago	Stayed here for a long weekend in September. The hotel is in an ideal location, right in the middle of everything, just a minute or two from the river. Hotel itself is standard Hyatt, clean, modern, various bars etc. We booked a superior room which was on a high floor and looked directly over the Wrigley building - nice! Bed was comfortable, bathroom quite large and clean, pretty much exactly what you'd expect. I know some people have commented on the walls being thin, and they may have a point, but we certainly were not disturbed. For location and value it takes some beating. I'd definitely stay here again. One thing to watch for = the cost of breakfast was extortionate. Go to a diner instead - there are plenty nearby.	
Dec 14 2007 	Ok But the room service was the best i have had in a long time	Ok and just that .Service and just that but the room service was great had my food in 20 minutes but 13.95 a day for internet crazy when there are hotels that comp it or have it for free as wouldn't provide a fridge and bell man was very rude to the driver.	
Dec 11 2007 	Perfect Location	I got a $99 rate at this hotel Thanksgiving week and loved the location. It is right at the beginning of the shops on Michigan Avenue and just two blocks from State Street Shopping. If you are in town to shop this is a great location. State Street looks much better now than what it was. The hotel is split between a quiet tower and one were all the meetings must be and the restaurants are at. It seems like two different hotels.	
Dec 10 2007 	A very nice option	I choosed the Hotel because the pictures in the homepage were very nice. In fact the hotel is conveniently located, is big, with a nice italian restaurant, rooms are good sized and I feel satisfied with the choose, but there are slightly better hotels if you want location (Intercontinental, Drake, W) or better decored on this area (Sheraton).I recomend you to go and drink to the bar of this hotel, since the lobby and the bar are very nice and warm.	
Dec 10 2007 	Very Good Choice	Excellent location. We stayed for an extended girls shopping weekend. Price was adequate, 179.00/night through the hotel reservation desk. We spent three nights at the hotel, did extensive shopping, took in two shows, went to Greektown for dinner and never had to use the car or take a cab. The hotel is a very large complex but we found it easy to get around. We used the automated check in with the help of a desk clerk and had no problems with check in. We were done within minutes. We used the public underground parking facility where we unfortunately had to pay $35 per day for parking. Our room was nicely furnished. Appeared to have been updated within the past year or two. Very comfortable beds. Clean and neat. I would definitely consider staying here again when I next visit downtown Chicago.	
Dec 6 2007	TOP Notch! The Hyatt Regency Chicago is AWESOME	From the moment I arrived at the front door of this BEAUTIFUL property, my EXPECTATIONS WERE EXCEEDED. From the polite, professional Doormen who remembered my name on the way out....to the bubbly Front Desk clerk who asked if I was familiar to the city and then welcomed me to chicago and informed me of several of the key, local attractions...to the happy HOUSEKEEPER who not only said hello in the hallway - but, asked if everything in my room was to my satisfaction.I don't know what the Hyatt is feeding these folks - but, it seems to be a tall order of happiness.	
Nov 27 2007 	No hot water	We stayed at the Hyatt Regency Nov 22 amd 23. The hotel was very busy with large numbers of people in and out of the lobby. There was always a cold draft from the constant opening of the doors. We had a room on the 31st floor facing the river. The view was better then the room. The floor lamp behind the chair had a one way low wattage light bulb. The internet connection for my lap top cost $13.62 per day. Friday morning the hot water quit just as my wife finished her shower. Saturday morning she showered first and when my turn came there wasn't any hot water at all. In fact no water came out of the hot water fawcet! I finally got through to the front desk and the person offered a free breakfast to make up for no water. I asked why it just shut off and the person didnt have a clue. Since we already had breakfast plans and we were checking out, we were offered $50.00 off of our bill which I agreed to. When I used the kiosk two hours later to check out there wasn't a credit. The manager's representative took care of that. The Hyatt is an okay place if you like large crowds of people in the lobby. The location is good just off of Michigan Ave. Our room was in the East tower. This is the second time we have stayed there and probably will the last. There are too many very good hotels at the same price to select from.	
Nov 25 2007 	High end but fustrating	This is the second time we have stayed at the Hyatt for a conference and in both cases we have had mixed opinions on the the hotel. The good news on the hotel is that it has a large variety of well appointed rooms. Bad news is that you have no idea what room type you are going to get until you get there. This is fine if you get there early in the day and are flexible in the room type you can use, however if you are particular this can drive you nuts. For us this was painful since we were there as a family and we really needed to have a room which we could have a roll away in. Last year everything went well and we actually got a king size bed wih a sleeper sofa (the front desk didn't know that it was a sleeper sofa, however what we found out from maid service is that most of the sofas are sleeper sofas even though the front desk doesn't know this). This year we arrived later and they offered us either a queen size bed or a king size bed without sleeper sofa. They suggested that we get the queen size bed since it would have more room for the roll away so we tried this. Unfortunately when we got up to the room we found a square table next to the bed which while nice if I was by myself, completely blocked access for a roll away. After many conversations with the front desk and the assistant manager I was able to get this corrected (and actually got a upgrade to a really nice room), however it took forever and frankly I think we just got lucky. Others in our group didn't get this lucky. So.... if room type matters definately get there early in the day or book at a different hotel which lets you select the room type.Other big issue at this hotel is the elevators. Especially when the hotel is full, getting a elevator is extremely painful!! Best advise is always give yourself 10 to 20 minutes to get a elevator; press both the up and down arrows; be willing to crush yourself into the elevator; and if you are on a lower floor be ready to walk down the stairs.Finally, parking is expensive and hard to get (garage has been full every time we are there) so expect to park off-site. Cheapest parking close by is at Millenium Park garage - just make sure to park at the farthest north point in the garage to minimze your walk.	
Nov 17 2007 	Quite Disappointing	I stayed at this hotel on 2 occasions last month - and had high expectations not only because of the excellent location of the hotel, but also because I wrongly assumed that this would be a flagship Hyatt given that the Pritkzer family that owns the Hyatt chain is based in Chicago. Was I wrong!Let's start with the good: Excellent location,very nice views, well appointed rooms, nice large, flat panel TV, quick elevators (it's a big deal for a hotel with a LOT of floors).Now the not so good: The first thing that strikes you as you enter the hotel is the noise in the lobby - reminded me of a typical chain hotel in Times Square NYC. The next thing that hits you is the profile of the folks behind the check in counter - all of a particular racial profile, etc. NO, I'm not being a racist - just find their hiring policies rather odd! The first time i was there, the check in was smooth. The 2nd time the woman checked me in,stopped short of handing me my keys, and then asked me to wait a min, and then disappeared for 6-7 mins. She returned to only say, &quot;give me another min&quot;, and disappeared again. Finally, I had to ask another woman from another counter to hand me my keys.The rooms are decently appointed. The first time I was there, I was expecting a typical small, pokey Hyatt room - I was pleasantly surprised - nice King Sized bed, rather spacious room (for a Hyatt). The 2nd time, I was expecting the same spacious room, and was offered a Queen sized bed. Room turned out to be smaller than any other Hyatt room I've stayed at.... I guess since they gave me a room with an excellent view, they may have felt justified in reducing the size of the room. Room service is frightfully expensive - again, made me feel like I was back in NYC. And overall service in the hotel lacks graciousness - and quite impersonal. Overall, a real disappointment! I'd only stay there if I cannot find alternate accommodations in Chicago.	
Nov 15 2007 	A large convention hotel	The Good first: Conveniently located adjacent to Michigan Avenue shops and restaurants, Millenium Park, train stations and Wacker area business districts. Lots of available cabs.My room was very nicely decorated, comfortable and spacious. Comfortable bed, nice TV with lots of channels, internet connection both wired and wireless for the usual fee.The Not So Impressive: &quot;Impersonal&quot; layout and service is an understatement. The place is huge. They even have &quot;self-check-in kiosks&quot; so if you don't want to speak to anyone at all throughout your stay, it would actually be possible at this hotel. I did choose to check in with a human being. He couldn't have been less friendly and welcoming without being rude. A human check-in kiosk I guess.The property is laid out like an arena or convention hall. No charm, and lots of ambient noise.As another commented, the walls in rooms are indeed quite thin.There are so many choices in downtown Chicago, that it is highly unlikely that I'd choose to stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 8 2007 	Nothing special.	My family stayed two nights this summer. After waiting in the long, unfriendly check in, we got our room number. If you like walking and searching, this is for you. Nothing impressive about room, nice view of offices cubicles in building next door. Thank goodness for snack stand, if you want a drink or apple. Expensive parking, whoa. Good location, but do some checking around.	
Nov 6 2007	I'll never stay at tthis hotel again.	Stayed in the West Tower for a conference. The room was big, the tub was dirty. Had to clean hair out of it to take a bath. No (or very limited) hot water and water pressure in the mornings. No free Internet access! For over 250 bucks a night, the least they could do is spring for for free Internet! Even Super 8 does that. Hotel is big and noisy and extremely difficult to find your way around. Floors and levels have cryptic names like &quot;Crystal Ballroom, purple level.&quot; Where the heck it THAT!?!? I was constantly having to ask the staff where to go. I have a conference scheduled in April at this same Hotel and I will definitely stay somewhere else!Lisa	
Nov 5 2007	Large Impersonal Convention Hotel in Great Location	I stayed here for 4 nights to attend a conference. I was given a room in the West Tower which has newer, nicer rooms than those I have stayed in in the main building.I liked my room enormously especially the great views of the Chicago River and Navy Pier and the clever office behind the bed set up. I had free Internet access.However, I disliked the rest of the hotel. Its huge and resulted in conference attendees running to cover the 20 minutes from one room to another. The restaurants are downmarket, cheezy places--the best thing is the 24 hour deli below reception. The hotel is so huge it feels like they are feeding and tending to an army and I felt like I was being managed like in a Disney Park. My room was a refuge from this impersonal feel.The dry cleaning service ruined a new cashmere sweater but they offered to pay for this.	
Oct 26 2007 	Great Location- Not So Great Service	I recently stayed at this hotel while attending a conference. The hotel is perfectly located only 2 blocks to Michigan Avenue where restaurants and shopping await. The hotel is huge...it has approximately 2000 sleeping rooms and serveral restaurants and bars. While there I did eat at the restuarant on the main level of the hotel and found the service to be slow at best. Our waiter appeared overwhelmed and often forgot things that we requested of him. With a hotel is this size which often hosts conferences I expected the wait staff to be better prepared. The room was inviting and fairly clean. The bed was comfortable and the room offered a flat-screen TV. I understand from colleagues that not every room was as nice. My only complaint was found in the bathroom. The tiles in the shower and the shower head appeared old and dirty; and I also found a stain on one of the towels. The hotel offers wireless internet at $13/day which is a bit pricey compared to other hotels. The hotel offers a great gym where there are approximately 10 tredmills that have invidivual TV screens, several eliptical machines, and free-weights. There's also a great running/walking trail outside of the hotel that runs along Lake Michigan. I would consider returning to this hotel but would likely try another hotel on Michigan Avenue before staying here agin.	
Oct 22 2007 	Luxury Hotel With No Charm	I stayed at the HR 5 days from the 5th of October for a conference for which the hotel is pretty optimal. For a private stay I would recommend to stay away from this hotel the lacks any form of charm.The good: - Good service- Decent clean rooms- Good service- Good barThe bad: - Too many people, too much noise, no charm- VERY noisy lobby area with some sort of jazz band playing music from a hidden spot.- Boring rooms with low ceilings	
Oct 16 2007 	Disappointing Hyatt stay	I stayed at the Hyatt Regency for 3 nights October 10th - 13th, 2007. I was there for a conference that was being hosted by the Hyatt. The conference was held in the &quot;basement&quot; of the hotel, and the exhibitors were another escalator ride down to the &quot;sub-basement&quot;. We were also served breakfast and lunch in the sub-basement, which was an unacceptable set-up. But... back to the hotel - I think that the hotel has housekeeping issues. The entire hotel stinks of cigarette smoke, and looks dated. The carpeting in my room had stains, and the draperies looked like they hadn't been cleaned in a very long time. The room didn't convey a luxurious feeling at all, and at $276 (conference discount!), I would expect a lot more. The front desk and concierge staff were very helpful, but I tried to spend as little time as possible in the room. The location was convenient, however I would not recommend staying here again.	
Oct 11 2007	Hyatt	I went there for the 4th of july the rates were amazing i got it for 8$89 dollars a nite for 3nights.The hotel is nice, the rooms are cool, food is good, and staff can be better but overall good location and nice place to stay in chicago but not as nice as the W lakeshore.	
Oct 9 2007	Great Location	I booked this room using Hyatt Passport reward points so to be perfectly honest I expected a standard room. I was pleased to be given a deluxe King on the 29th floor of the West Tower with an absolutely stunning view of the river and the lake. The room-size is what one would expect for an urban hotel, but I must admit the designers were quite clever in making this room &quot;workable&quot;. The headboard served as a low room divider with a nice desk area behind it near the window. I very much enjoyed sitting at this desk and watching the traffic along the river. There is a small table on coasters that slides beneath the desk allowing for additional work space. I also wheeled this table around and near the bed to hold room service while watching television.There is a nice comfortable easy chair with ottoman, an additional table, and two very small extensions of the headboard that serve as bedside &quot;tables&quot;. The small round table by the easy chair held a living bamboo plant. The in-room safe had problems and I complained to the front desk who connected me to security. A young man came up immediately and worked for a long time to fix the problem, without success. He told me that someone would be up the next day and asked me for a convenient time. When no one had arrived a half hour after the desginated time I called again and someone immediately responded who worked a long while before calling for his supervisor. It was determinied that a new faceplate was needed. The repair was made and both gentlemen were extremely apologetic. I was able to store items in the safe. It is a bit small for storing an average-size laptop, however.I had two breakfast meals and one late night dinner via room service. Each time the meals were delivered within the time promised (20 minutes, 35 minutes and 40 minutes were times given, but two meals arrived in 20 minutes and one 35). The meals were all very good. I also used the express take out coffee and pastry place and found the food fresh and convenient there.As another author has mentioned, there are a lot of choices for food near the hotel. In-room dining is always expensive with the added fees that come with it, but there are times when the convenience is worth the cost. The in-room coffee maker would have allowed me to avoid the cost of the large pot of coffee I ordered with breakfast had I chosen to do that, but I agree with the others who complained about the mini-bar. I appreciated the fact that the front desk notified me that the mini-bar was weight sensitive. Knowing that, I did not even open the door. Normally, I really enjoy having the bar and often do purchase items. Having had a weight sensitive fridge charge me for items I did not use which resulted in my having to argue with the front desk at another property--I avoided the bar. I think Hyatt would be better served replacing the mini-bars than dealing with the ill will of so many. There are likely others like me who would welcome the bar and use it if they were not concerned about touching something and causing unwanted charges to be added to their bill.And speaking of charges....I was charged a fee of $5 plus for receiving a fax at the hotel. It was listed as &quot;Business Services&quot;. i was told it was there upon check-in and that I should go four flights down to pick it up. Before I got around to doing that it was slipped under my door so I don't know if the charge was for delivery or for receiving the fax, but I did not attempt to argue over it upon check-out. I have stayed at other urban hotels where I have not been charged for receiving faxes or packages and where free internet has been available. At the Hyatt, one can purchase a Business Plan, but the plan packages Internet service and a continental breakfast and newspaper as part of the plan. I did not purchase the plan but the newspaper arrived daily anyway and as far as I can tell I was not charged for it. I wish they would remove the breakfast from this plan. Actually, what i wish is that they would provide free wi-fi. I find myself frequenting coffee shops and other places that do provide this service and avoiding those who do not. It is increasingly difficult to find free internet connectivity at large hotels and is becoming much more easy to find it at budget properties. I woud rather buy my morning newspaper (as I do at budget hotels) and have free wi-fi. Perhaps we can all collectively say this loudly and eventually be heard.I was at the hotel for four nights and there were at least two different large convention groups at the hotel during my stay. The hotel is large, but that fact did not interfere with my having a very pleasant stay at the hotel. The fact that this hotel is a convention destination really did not impact me at all.The employees were all friendly and I found the location to be excellent. I have traveled to Chicago many times in the past both for work and pleasure. I often stay at the Marriott on Michigan and it has long been my favorite property in Chicago. This visit to the Hyatt is making me re-think that, though. The view from my room was just so wonderful--the Navy Pier lights and fireworks at night--the river and lake blues and greens of the day--that view really made this room stand out.There was a robe in the room, typical Hyatt amenities--Portico soaps, etc.I guess my only complaints would be the lack of drawer space and plumbing noise. There were a lot of hangers in the closet and there was a shallow and a deep drawer in the closet, as well as the one by the bed--but, I could have used another drawer. I was traveling lightly, but I still would have liked one more drawer. Also the toilet flushed nosily and whenever the person in the room above flushed the toilet or used the shower the noise could he heard in my room. I heard noise in the hallway several times.If you can get a reservation at the North Pond, a restaurant located in Lincoln Park, I highly recommend that while you are in Chicago. Lots of wonderful places to eat, but North Pond is among the best.	
Oct 3 2007 	Very enjoyable!	I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency and enjoyed myself very much. Check-in was very simple and the room was well-appointed with nice amenities like an iPod-ready alarm clock and extra large shower. The bed was very comfy and the numerous throw pillows were a nice touch. Downsides: the bathroom was a little dark and I didn't see anything to vent out the steam while showering, so the place was really steamy when I stepped out. Also, I was a little annoyed at their Draconian refrigerator policy: not only can you not store anything of yours in there ($25 fee if you do), but you can't even move items around that the hotel put in the fridge--apparently the thing is weight-sensitive, so any change will automatically go on your bill.	
Oct 2 2007	Fine for Business	This hotel is primarily for business travelers and large groups. On the day I checked out, the agent told me they had 1,600 convetion travelers checking out. The place is pretty standard Hyatt. . The rooms and amenities are nice. There's an Ipod player by the bed. The best thing about this hotel is the nice coffee &amp; breakfast pastry bar in the lower lobby. It's great when you're on the go.	
Oct 1 2007 	Great location	We stayed for 1 night Sept. 29-30. We arrived at 9:45am and were able to check-in which was nice because we wanted to drop our stuff and head for Michigan Ave. Beautiful room on the 14th floor with view of the Illinois Center and a sliver of Lake Michigan. Very nicely decorated with white comforters, a body pillow, other throw pillows. Large flat screen t.v., internet access, large desk, reclining chair. The bathroom had nice toiletries and a massaging shower head. Extra towels and pillows, iron &amp; board in the closet. There was also a coffee maker that we didn't use. This is a very large hotel with 30(?) floors in the east tower we were in. Didn't go in the west tower. Very nice lobby area with restaurants and a gift shop. We didn't eat here, though. Excellent location for sightseeing as the architecture river tours leave from just below the hotel. Fannie Mae candy on the corner of Michigan &amp; Wacker. Corner Bakery on the next corner. McDonald's behind the Wrigley buiding, Billy Goat tavern below the Wrigley Building, plenty of Starbucks around and a Walgreens nearby. Easy walk to Millennium Park and all the shops of Michigan Ave. Also walkable to Navy Pier although make sure you have your walking shoes on and if you're lucky you'll get to ride one of their free trolleys.	
