	Great stay in the windy city	Hotel was as described and whilst there was obvious works going on in the hotel we never heard anything. Staff were always polite and welcoming and its situ is ideal. I would recommend The Old Pancake House for breakfast, as per other trip advisor recommendations, it is superb quality and value.	
Nov 16 2009 	Great Location-Great Service	We chose to stay at the Whitehall because of its location to the event we were attending at the Four Seasons. I was surprised at the wonderful service received from the valet, doormen, front desk. and the friendly bartender. The location is perfect for shopping! We had a large room with a king bed and it was clean. I also loved the robes they provided for our stay. The only downside was the bathroom was very small, only one person could fit in to use the sink and/or toilet. I left my prescription glasses in the room upon departure and Louis from security called to inform me they were found and he would mail them to my home. Like I said, great service! I will definitely stay at this hotel again. Valet parking at the Whitehall for a night was $48...next time I will use the parking garage directly across the street for $35!!	
Nov 1 2009 	great hotel great location..	this hotel is smack bang in the middle of everything great location and great hotel ,hotel rooms are lovely what more could you need..	
Oct 28 2009 	Classy hotel in a good location	We stayed at the Whitehall for five nights in mid October at a good rate, the very first destination of an extended round the world post-retirement trip with our backpacks. The helpful receptionist gave us a beautiful junior suite when she heard about our plans. This historic hotel is really well located, just off Michigan Avenue and very smartly decorated and furnished. We used the restaurant once for an evening meal and the food was very good, but expensive, but then most of the Chicago restaurants are pricey in that area. Wifi is not free but we were able to take advantage of a signal in our room from a neighbouring hotel and also many cafes have free wifi. We had breakfast at Yolk (a trendy place on Wells St) and also at the Corner Bakery Cafe on Rush, both great places. Staff were very helpful and we had a wonderful time. The only disadvantages for us were that the room was a little dark and as often is the case, it was somewhat warm, even with the air-conditioning. We would definitely recommend this hotel to others though.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location and a very quant environment	The Whitehall is an older, but renovated of course, boutique style hotel in downtown Chicago. It is in a wonderful location. You are in very close proximity to the Magnificent Mile, Lake Michigan, Navy Pier, and Rush St... All easily within walking distance. The location is also nice because the street it is on is usually pretty calm throughout the day and night... Really the only other thing on the block is the Four Seasons.The room was small, but fairly well appointed. The bed was very nice and comfy, the bathroom was clean and updated. We booked through an online travel site at a really great rate, so honestly we were very pleasantly surprised with what we ended up with. The hotel staff was always courteous. There were always bellmen waiting at the door no matter the hour. We did not try room service or the adjoined restaurant. I'd definitely recommend this hotel if you are traveling to Chicago on a budget or a sightseeing trip. Its a really good value.	
Oct 2 2009 	This is no four star Hotel	I took a chance on Hotwire, and what a mistake. It was cheap but Hotwire misrepresented the star rating. They said four stars but to my eyes it is two stars. Starting at the reception, where the paint on the wood trim looks old and five layers thick. The room is old, dated, not renovated for several decades. The air unit was noisy. The room layout was awkward. The TV was old school. The light switch did not work. Bed was good, so was water pressure. Shower curtains were the really thick plastic type that does not bend. It is an embarrassing address. Had to leave. Got no refund, lost two nights. Went to the lovely Dana down the street. Lesson...never again Hotwire.	
Sep 5 2009 	Location and Comfort	Stayed here for a week in late August. There was some apprehension as others had noted small rooms, noise, dirt and loud or malfunctioning air con along with intrusive building building work.Well whether we were lucky or not I don't know but the stay had none of those things. The room was spacious we had a normal room with a view of the Hancock and the Lake which had more than enough space for 2 and had a great bed and bathroom. The Aircon in the room was yet to be upgraded but worked well and although noise was audible it was acceptable.Everyone there was very friendly and it was ideally located for shops and all attractions. If it had a better bar/restaurant on site then it would have been just perfect but the bar and restaurant are independent of the hotel and so the lack of appeal may not be down to the hotel but it is something that they do need to work on. Till they do, cocktails at the signature room, 96 floors up the Hancock represent great value when you consider the views no charge for entry and are cheaper than the attached bar to the hotel. For breakfast the original pancake house has been given credit and rightly so. Einsteins Bagels represent a reasonable option if the wait is too great, next door to Urban Outfitters a block away	
Sep 5 2009 	Excellent for the price	Stayed at the Whitehall for 6 nights last month and have no complaints. The location is perfect for exploring some of the tourist highlights, good restaurants and of course the shopping. Staff were friendly and helpful at all times and the room we had (which i think was a standard) was spacious and very nicely furnished. In my opinion you would be paying a lot more for a better hotel than this and unless you were splashing out for a honeymoon or something i wouldn't bother.	
Sep 3 2009 	Not even close to 4 Star	I often joke with friends about people who complain about hotels on Tripadvisor...but now I know how the cranky travelors feel.We booked the Whitehall hotel through Hotwire for Labor Day weekend. It was supposed to be 4 star, and I've never been as disappointed in a hotel. This place is a dump. It's under construction and the staff is rude. (We had to wake up the front desk person to check us in at midnight last night.)We routinely work from hotels. I knew that this hotel charges for internet, but they charge $10 for every laptop you want to use...so we are paying $30 a day for internet access in this hotel which is outrageous. The room isn't even worth $30.From a typically easy going travelor, take my advice and avoid the Whitehall Hotel. It's a dump.	
Sep 1 2009 	Loved the Whitehall.	After reading some of the reviews on here we nearly didn't book but expedia were offering a good rate for our 8 night stay, so we went ahead regardless and were pleased we had. From the minute we stepped out of the taxi we were made to feel very welcome. All the staff we encountered were friendly, welcoming and polite. Check in was quick and efficient and we didn't smell any strange smells in the lobby during our 8 days!! Our room was 1313, maybe unlucky for some but not for us. The room was a good size and was spotlessly clean. The bed was superb, we wanted to ship it home. The air con worked very well too (a problem for some other reviewers). The bathroom was also a nice size and very clean. Towels and toiletries were in good supply.We were obviously in one of the newly renovated rooms as there was no problem with tired looking furnishings, dusty carpets or peeling wallpaper. Facilities in the room included a minibar, TV, hairdryer, safe, iron/ironing board and robes. No tea/coffee making facilites are in the room but it is available in the lobby in the morning. Ice is brought by the evening turn down service. We were situated at the end of a corridor and rarely heard any noise from other guests. We had partial views of the Hancock Tower and because our room was overlooking the church and a quiet side road we didn't hear much noise from outside either. There is a notice in the room to warn you of renovation work and they do have plastic sheeting down in the corridors but if we did happen to be in the room during the day (when jetlag kicked in) we didn't hear any extra noise. Probably the best part of The Whitehall though is its location. Just off Mag Mile its easy to reach most of downtown Chicago by foot and its very safe. We walked as far south as Soldier Field and as far north as North Ave beach. The only public transport we used was the water taxi but that was more for sightseeing than necessity. The John Hancock Tower is virtually on the doorstep as is great shopping and lots of nice restaurants. Finally, we didn't eat at the hotel restaurant at all but can definitely recommend Tempo Cafe (2 blocks away on the corner of E Chestnut and N State) for a lovely filling breakfast. Don't be put off by the crowds outside, head to the front and put your name on the list, its worth the wait. We ate there everyday.	
Aug 25 2009 	We loved it -- Obviously depends on the room...	We loved the Whitehall. Our room had been renovated, which means:1. Best bed and linens ever2. Lovely marble bathroom with nightlight3. Good TVFour things we loved most: 1. Great concierges. Booked us and our Chicago family on a fab architecture cruise. Also good advice about where to catch the bus.2. Best brewed coffee in the morning in the lobby. 3. Nicest, most pleasant staff4. Location, half block from the John Hancock towerHint: go to the Original Pancake House for one of the best breakfast ever.	
Aug 18 2009 	Old rundown hotel in great location.	4 nights/$4103 good things: Location, a block of Michigan and Rush. Shower water pressure. Comfortable bed.The hotel is under construction right now. Plastic covers the hallway carpeting. Everything is o-l-d. It smells old in the lobby, etc. You get the picture.In the room, the bed seemed to be the only fairly new piece of furniture. The two covered chairs were so worn it looked like they bought them from goodwill. Both chairs had dark, grease spots from where people leaned their head against them. Dust lines the carpet against every wall. Wall paper was peeling on at least 3 different corners. There was a huge waterstain and crack in the ceiling in one corner of the room. Customer service is hit and miss. I honestly felt bad for the few employees who made an effort. What's the point if the front desk clerk is great and house keeping forgets to clean the room? They overlooked our room the second night and when I mentioned it that evening while asking for extra towels, the response I got from the gal manning the desk that night was: 'and...?'The tv in the room is old. Channels are fuzzy. Audio levels spike everytime you change the channel.I am by no means a 5 star traveler. But I expect clean rooms and courteous customer service. In this case, I would've gladly paid extra to stay at the Westin across the street. Least I wouldn't feel like I was staying in a rundown old folks home.	
Aug 5 2009	Wish we had known they were under construction	I just got married in Chicago and our entire wedding group stayed at the Whitehall Hotel. It would have been nice if they would have told us that they were under construction on EVERY floor. The upside is that we were so busy that we were not in the rooms long so we did not hear any of the construction, but there is plastic on the floors and several rooms on each floor are being worked on. The best part about this hotel is their beds and showers ( the water pressure is great!!). I would stay here if you want to be close to the magnificent mile, but if you are looking for a fancy hotel this is not your place.	
Jul 31 2009 	Anniversary Weekend	My wife and I spent our annivesary weekend at the Whitehall; and boy was it a disappointment. Although the location is terrific, we had a Pinnacle room which is supposed to be their high end room. The room (other than the bedding0 was nothing special. The bathroom needed alot of work and generally, it looked like no one had dusted in the corners for years. The worst part was that we wanted to take a architectural boat trip and the concierge pushed us to take one that was not on the list we had gotten from several travel guides. We paid more at the hotel than we would have paid at the site (including the coupon we had). What a bummer. Never again.	
Jul 30 2009 	Nice Hotel Fabulous Location	I give the Whitehall 5 stars for location; 5 stars for the morning crew's attention to detail and guest satisfaction, and 1-star for the night crew's attitude &amp; treatment of guests. Overall, I give this hotel 4 stars. What prevents 5 stars? The hotel is under construction (limited disruption to a stay at this hotel) and just how badly the nighttime staff ignored us. However, Nicholas and Francisco (A.M. crew) more than made up for that. Those two worked their tails off to make this a great stay for us.The hotel literally is ON the Magnificent Mile--very close to shopping, Chicago Tribune, Chicago River, etc. Also, there are so many bus routes that run close to the hotel and because there is a CTA stop nearby, the whole city is readily ACCESSIBLE. The room was beautifully decorated and felt luxurious. No breakfast available, but there is tea/coffee in the lobby in the A.M. I would most definitely stay here again and recommend to others.	
Jul 24 2009 	Great location beware of alley-side rooms	This is a great place to stay if you are on a budget, and seems typical of other older hotels I have stayed in - nothing flashy. The location is great for the north end of Michigan Ave., and it is about a 5 minute walk to the subway. The down side: my room was adjacent to the alley: between restaurant deliveries and daily garbage trucks I certainly didn't need an alarm, even 7 floors up. A similar phenomenon for the interior noise - anyone getting off the elevator down the hall sounded like they were two feet away with sound channeled through an ill-fitting door. Little noise coming through the walls, but the doors and windows may as well have been open. The staff were quite helpful and eager to please - I noticed that they went out of their way for a couple of different parties checking in while I was there - very friendly. A better room location would have made this 5 of 5 for me.	
Jul 21 2009 	Clean nice rooms excellently located	Highly recommended due to its location near major attractions and the lake. Rooms were clean and nicely laid out, the bathroom was A+.	
Jul 14 2009 	Nice hotel great location - just beware of AC issues	I stayed at the Whitehall with my friend this past weekend. The room was a bargain - $80 (including taxes) from Orbitz. For that price, the hotel didn’t have to provide much. I came in with low expectations and was pleasantly surprised.We were given a nice sized room on the 15th floor. Though we didn’t really have a view, we weren’t smack up against another building either, so I was happy with what we got. The room was tastefully decorated and actually looked better than the pictures on the website. The bed was fairly comfortable and the closet had tons of hangers that came in very useful. The bathroom was an adequate size and had the toiletries were refilled daily. The room was very quiet. Occasionally, we heard people in the hall, but we never heard voices or TV coming from an adjoining room. That, right there, is worth quite a bit. Now, for the AC issues. We were in a room with central air, and during the day it seemed to work great. The temperature controls responded, and when we set it at 69, the room actually cooled to 69, but for some reason, during the night, the AC did not work at all. We could set it at 60, and the temperature would continually rise. We usually woke up at about the time the room hit 77 or 78 and we realized we had flung the covers off in a fit of sweat.The room was kept clean, for the most part, but one day our room didn’t get cleaned until 4:30 p.m. or so. And I noticed a few red specks/splotches on the ceiling in one area. It kind of creeped me out, but I decided to try to overlook it. Really, the best part about this hotel was the location, especially if you are a shopper. It’s only a block off Michigan Avenue, and it’s super easy to do shopping and drop your bags off at your room. It’s also easy to buy a quick snack or grab bottled water at one of the nearby drugstores, the Potbelly Sandwich Works (in the nearby Bloomingdales mall), Starbucks or McDonald’s (all within a couple blocks of the hotel).	
Jul 7 2009 	Great Spot Nice Hotel Ambiance	Stayed here for three days on business and found the hotel to be very nice. I got a room at the back, end of the building, which allowed a larger , comfortable room. The staff was extremely attentive. The hotel has a very nice, older world anbaince. The bar is like a fabulous old men's club - heavy paneling, sumptuous sofas and low lighting - very, very nice place to work during the day when the bar is closed. Although it may be a personal taste thing; and older couple walked through while I was there and I heard the elderly gentleman say, &quot;This is like a funeral parlour&quot;! I certainly disagreed with him! Not much lobby, but i didn't need one. Right near the Hancock Tower, restaurants and great shopping.	
Jul 6 2009 	Perfection as usual	This was our second time staying at the Whitehall. Once again it was perfect in every way. The rooms are well decorated and plush. We stayed on the 19th floor and the view was great. We personally prefer boutique hotels because of all the little details they offer over large chain hotels. The whitehall has a great location which is close to everything. Parking is right across the street or you can valet. Shopping is right around the corner so is the bar scene. We have been to the other surrounding high end hotels and none of these hotels even come close to the Whitehall. We stayed in the Whitehall suite. The room had two bathrooms a dining and bar area, living room, dressing room, and of course an impressive bedroom. The lobby of this hotel is very nice and simple. The rooms where you spend most of your time is where all the relaxation lies. All the staff are very friendly and helpful. All in all I highly recommend this hotel. Its the only place I will stay in Chicago.	
Jun 30 2009 	Nice hotel loud a/c	The hotel itself was very nice (older but remodeled.) Mattress, duvet, pillows were luxurious. Room was spotless. The staff downstairs was very friendly and attentive.My only complaint would be that the individual a/c unit in our room was very, very , very noisy. I understand that the hotel is trying to replace these with central air so maybe in a year, this will no longer be an issue. On the positive side, it drowned out any traffic noise there may have been.	
Jun 19 2009 	Speechless...	...and not in a good way. When we checked in on June 17 we walked into a room that was 78F and immediately turned the AC on to cool the room. We left to go sightsee and returned to a room that had not cooled. Luckily it was cool that evening so we decided to open a window and call it a night. The second night we discovered that the remote control didnt' work, there were lightbulbs out in the room and the Internet was not working....and did I mention the air conditioner did not work. At midnight on our second night, enough was enough and we called down to the front desk. The maintenance guy came up and said &quot;Yea, this doesn't work.&quot; Thanks for the huge insight, man! In any case, the staff upgraded us to a bigger room where the AC worked. I will not, however, stay at The Whitehall Hotel again as it is less than stellar. Not impressed at all.	
Jun 11 2009 	Great location great staff great beds	Since we are familiar with Chicago, we were looking for a central location, walking distance to shopping and clean rooms. The Whitehall met all of our expectations. The staff at the Whitehall were courteous and very helpful. The rooms were clean and the beds extremely comfortable. The location was excellent for walking to Michigan Avenue shopping. We did hear some Air conditioning concerns from other travelers but did not have any problems in either of our 2 rooms.	
Jun 7 2009 	This Hotel exceeded my expectations	The Whitehall is located near the Magnificent mile and the John Hancock building. It is near CTA bus and rail transport and the Lake Shore. Service was great and the food in the Hotel restaurant was much better expected for a hotel restaurant. They actually gave us more food than we could eat so we difinitly felt like we got our monies worth. We had a corner room. Very clean and comfortable. The only negative..It was difficult to see the TV from the bed. Overall, a great place to stay at a reasonable price.	
Jun 1 2009 	Terrible Service	After my experience this past weekend, I felt compelled to write my first hotel review ever. My family and I came to Chicago for a wedding and chose this hotel first and foremost because of the location. It's central location was key because we were only going to be in town for the weekend, and it was in the middle of everywhere we needed to be for our numberous weekend activities. When I arrived to checkin on Friday night around 8pm, I was told that all three of our rooms were unavailable, and the rest of the rooms were booked. They said that there had been a &quot;plumbing problem.&quot; No effort to contact me in advance was made, even though I had booked 2 months in advance. When asked what other options there were, I was told that there were 3 rooms available at the BEST WESTERN A MILE SOUTH of the hotel. Only after some haggling did they even offer to comp the first night. I thought that this was somewhat of a luxury hotel with luxury prices, and for them to offer me a night at the Best Western was incredulous, not to mention that it put us a mile south of where we had planned to be. They wanted us to check out of the Best Western the next day and check back into the Whitehall , which was impossible because we had a schedule to keep during the day. That is not the kind of service I expect from an establishment such as this. Only after complaining did they offer to put us up at the Talbott Hotel a block away. Why did they not offer this in the first place? It made the first offer at the Best Western feel like a huge lowball offer. Their explanation was that the hotel also owned the Best Western. I guess management cares more about cutting costs than about customer service. Two hours of my Friday night was wasted with this hotel which made me miss most of the reception that was taking place nearby.The best outcome of this whole ordeal was the TALBOTT Hotel. It was a beautiful and intimate boutique hotel, with spacious rooms and an incredibly professional staff. If you are visiting Chicago want to stay in a great location with wonderful comfort, service, and style, do yourself a favor and spare yourself the hassle, STAY AT THE TALBOTT Hotel.	
May 26 2009 	Great stay!	This was our first trip to Chicago and we weren't quite sure where to stay. Due to the reviews on here and because I was able to get decent rates we decided to stay here. When we arrived we were pleasantly surprised with with this hotel. It is in a wonderful location, the staff were very friendly and accommodating and check-in was easy. This hotel is 1/2 block off of the magnificent mile and the John Hancock building. The hotel is cozy and inviting. I loved the fact that we were in the middle of this huge city but the hotel was intimate and I felt like I was at home. The rooms are very nice and spacious enough for 2 people and the beds are very comfortable. We had a great stay and I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
May 10 2009 	Great location	We were in Chicago on a stop over and were really pleasantly suprised how lovely a city it was for a short break.Hotel location is great, just off magnificent mile. Very clean and decent sized rooms. Felt a bit business like and the service was not very personal (e.g. we never felt like having a drink in the bar) but it was a great base to explore the city as there are plenty of bars, restaurants and shops nearby.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great Value! Across from 4 Seasons	We had 2 rooms both were a great value! Family members stayed at the four seasons and spent $400.00 a night more than our rooms. Room 1 had a king bed and a goofy sized Bathroom and the view was the side of a building. Room was very clean and cozy! Room 2 was an upgrade for $20.00. 2 Queens and a full Bathroom and the veiw was &quot;Delaware Place&quot; The street in Front of the Hotel. Very nice room lots of room and a much better view for the first time visitor would recommend spending the extra money for the upgrade! Room was clean and very comfortable. The only draw back was the 1 small elavator and the long waits to go up and down. Should be a lot better when they are done remodling. The staff is the best! from the door man all the way to the cleaning Staff I would give them an A+	
Mar 18 2009 	The perfect Boutique hotel!	My wife and I stayed here for a one-night getaway, and I was pleasantly surprised. The lobby, elevators and halls were smallish, as is to be expected from a boutique hotel that dates to the 1930's. They were nonetheless well-appointed. Check-in was smooth, the valet fast. The room itself was SWEET. It was a bit small, but well appointed too. Bed was perfect, the bathroom spotless and tastefully appointed, with higher-end guest toiletries. The only gripe would be that the walls seem a bit thin. Other than that, great stay, walking distance to the city's best restaurants and bars.	
Mar 11 2009 	Perfect room and location. Faultless.	I've just returned from 5 nights in Chicago staying at the Whitehall.The hotel was for me, perfect. A great location just off the Magnificent Mile. Close to all the shops and restaurants nearby. The loop is walkable as is Lincoln Park from the hotel. The hotel is not part of a chain group which I think makes it all the better. It has a more personal feel to it and adds to the experience. The room was great and the bed and pillows are the most comfortable I have experienced. The staff were very helpful and just after check in, the guy on the front desk (Lemar I think) called to see if we were happy with our room. Great staff, great hotel, and reasonable price. All in all, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel. If I'm back in Chicago I know where I'll be staying. 10 out of 10. Richard, Dublin, Ireland	
Feb 6 2009 	Small Feel in a Big City	Overall the hotel was nice. The electronics and decor could use an update.	
Jan 13 2009 	Great Location standard amenities	My wife and I stayed here the first week of November 2008. Everything went great with our reservation through Agoda. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a Pinacle Queen, Larry at front desk was very helpful and charm. The room was on the small side, but very comfortable and in very good shape. The bed was really comfortable and the sheets were in excelent shape. The hotel cannot be better located at only one block from Hancock Center and Water Tower. There is no complimentary internet access, though there's a ING Caffe located about three blocks from the hotel with complimentary internet access. Just a couple of blocks from the hotel are the Rush Street restaurants and bars. This hotel is a great value for money, specially when the last thing you want to do in Chicago Downtown is be at the room. We will definitely stay here again.The only down side is that when I got back home and checked my credit card balance, the hotel had charged 8 usd to my credit card after I left. After many calls to the hotel nobody was able to explain the reason for the charge.	
Jan 6 2009 	Nice Alternative To Bigger City Hotels	A business trip to the Windy City helped me discover the Whitehall, as I was looking for a smaller property. It has a truly boutique feel with a very cozy lobby and a European flair to hallways and rooms. The elevators were super fast. My king bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was upscale and reasonable in size. The size of my room was fairly small but nothing out of the ordinary for a city property. Staff was helpful and delivered a remote for the TV to my room when I called to let them know that mine was missing. Internet access is a daily fee.What prevented this property from getting a five rating? Climate control. My room was cold the first night with no warm air coming out of the radiator when the thermostat was set to heat. I reported it the next morning and came back to find the room stifling with warm air pouring out. Even with the thermostat off and the window being kept a crack open with 30-degree cold outside, the room stayed too hot. Either 64 degrees or 80 degrees were the two choices for my room temperature, regardless of thermostat setting.I'm trying to not focus on that, however, as this property is a true find on a quiet side street in the northern part of the downtown area, just steps away from Magnificent Mile shopping. If you're looking for an alternative to the big chains in a great location, strongly take a look at the Whitehall.	
Dec 27 2008	Great Service	After a very nice stay in a Chicago landmark hotel our car was damaged while being stored in valet parking. The car was seven months old with out damage. The valet who parked the car confirmed there was not any damage to the car. The security officer assigned to the case was very professional and courteous. He requested damage repair bids, and reimbursed for the damages in a short period of time.Not only is the hotel beautiful, this service concerning the damage to the vehicle was exceptional.	
Nov 24 2008 	Lovely stay	I read all the reviews after booking and paying for the room and was very concerned about what it would be like. I just came back from my trip and I have to tell you I loved the hotel! First of all, the hotel room was quite big, with a very comfortable king bed. I have stayed at the Hilton Two Towers and the bedroom was about half the size than at the Whitehall. The bathroom was real cute, although yes you had to carefully close the faucet so it would not leak (but it was possible to make it stop leaking). Even though we paid a really low rate, we got a nice bedroom from which we could see the Hancock Tower. Service was fast (we forgot shaving cream and got it in less than 2 minutes), and the room was fully equiped with a good hair dryer, a good iron and iron board, and two nice robes. The elevators... We did not have to wait once! Almost as if it were a joke, right after we checked in the elevator's doors opened. Our conference was at the Avenue Hotel, and there you had to wait about 5 minutes everytime you wanted to go up or down. The heating system was a bit too loud. Of course the location is great, so close to the Hancock Tower. Bloomingdale's mall is nice and has a cute Christmas tree. There is McCormicks &amp; Schmidt round the corner with a cool bar (happy hour 10.30 to 11.30pm), and other nice restaurants.	
Nov 11 2008 	Loved The Whitehall Hotel	I just returned from a wonderful trip to The Whitehall Hotel in Chicago. I was skeptical about staying at this hotel due to some of the negative reviews. I was pleasantly surprised. I loved the hotel &amp; will stay there again. The accomodations and service were outstanding!!! Renata and Alex in the lobby were exceptional!!!!!!!! Thanks for a wonderful stay!!!!!!	
Oct 28 2008 	I can't understand the critics	This hotel was a tremendous find. I was worried about the criticisms of it on Trip Advisor but they were RIDICULOUS. This was a superb hotel, scrupulously clean, a very comfortable and well-equipped room, a central location, and most of all, welcoming and efficient. Each evening I felt that I was coming home . Nothing was too much trouble for any member of the staff. The bar, even for an elderly widow on her own, was cozy, and a good place to entertain. My son-in-law and daughter were staying a few blocks away at the most expensive hotel in Chicago. I did not feel any envy at all. Not only is the Whitehall wonderful value. It is wonderful. C Roberts, England	
Oct 27 2008 	Wonderful stay	I recently spent one week at the Whitehall. It was fantastic!The most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in. The food at the Hotel's restaurant was well above par. Try the corned beef hash for breakfast - BEST I EVER HAD!We plan to return again - hopefully soon.	
Oct 25 2008 	Good value fantastic location...	I stayed at the Whitehall while I was taking the Illinois Bar Exam in late July, 2008. Overall, the stay was quite pleasant. Check-in was quick, and a friend and I were both upgraded. As far as service, it was always very efficient and friendly. When I alerted the desk that the safe was not working properly, a very courteous employee came up instantly and quickly reset the safe. As far as the room, I found no major problems. I knew there may be a few &quot;rough edges&quot; here and there from reading previous reviews, and was not disappointed by the hotel whatsoever. There was a little bit of what seemed to be water damage on the wallpaper in a corner, and I noted one 1&quot; slit in a pillowcase. Aside from that, everything was very clean and fairly up-to-date. Sure, the elevators are tiny and one public restroom on the ground floor was very tight, but I knew that going in. My room was very quiet (and cool via the a/c), and the bed/linens were extremely comfortable--just what I needed to relax in preparation for my exam. Some previous reviews seem a little dramatic - I had read them, prepared for the worst, and was generally very pleased with the room. And hey - for what you pay (I paid $159 a night), it was a great deal. What do you expect? I doubt you can find anything comparable (wich such a fantastic location) for less!	
Oct 7 2008 	Horrible Experience!	We booked this hotel for a special &quot;Girls Weekend&quot; and birthday celebration as we were enticed by the advertisements such as: &quot;newly renovated boutique hotel near downtown Chicago.&quot; We arrived at the hotel and immediately had the following issues:•Their restaurant and bar were not working because of some electrical and licensure issue•No room service was available•One of the elevators was not working•The bellman would not help us with our luggage•One room had no A/C during the entire stayWe understood that for about one day. However, this occurred during our entire, 3 night stay. We had three rooms booked at this hotel for 2-3 nights.We brought these issues up the hotel and to the hotel manager and they would not do anything about giving us a reduced rate. We brought up directly to the hotel manager that none of the amenities that they offered and/or advertised were available for our use. They did offer us one free ride in their hotel limousine within a 2 mile radius of the hotel for our troubles as well free beer/wine in a conference room and some free pastries for breakfast. However, these amenities were already offered with the hotel, so this was nothing extra! For $250-300 per night we could have stayed across the street at the Four Seasons Hotel AND had all of the amenities that go with such a hotel for that price per night.The Whitehall Hotel has now lost five guests for good, one of which was a travel agent!	
Oct 7 2008 	Another stay which was fine	Popped back in last Saturday for another night stay visiting Chicago for dinner with a friend. Slight delay at check in less than 5 minutes. Got to the room and it was fine. The only issue was the thermostat for the air conditioner needed a bit of work to sort it out.Bathroom was clean and the decor was ok. I'm not over enthused with views from rooms as I tend to treat the room as a place to get changed and sleep in - nothing more, I am not known to lift the bed to check for things. I paid $180 for the night, my companion quite liked it and we have to remember this was not purpose built as an hotel so the construction aspect of the property is not as good as say the 4 Seasons (which I find pretentious and unfriendly) or the Westin (which I found soulless). So choose which you prefer. I like the Palmer and the Silversmith but they are too far away when you only have 36 hours to meet up, shop and get on your way.So all in all I was happy.	
Sep 26 2008 	Would never stay here again	This hotel was horrible. The halls looked like a hotel out of the 80's (old, stinky, trash not emptied for days), the elevators are so narrow 4 people is a TIGHT fit, the furniture in our room was ribbed and torn - the cushion was coming out of the chair, the walls were cracked and the wallpaper was coming off, they painted over stains to make them less visible, the air conditioner was broken. The service we received was a nightmare. The room service recptionist could not understand what a &quot;soda&quot; was when asked &quot;what sodas do you have...&quot; They don't have a spa (even though they say they do - we had to get massage therapist's from the Four Seasons across the street). When we informed the hotel manager of our issues he comp'ed one night's stay (I don't think this was enough to have broken airconditioner and wake up sweating 3 mornings in a row). In addition the shower head was perfect size for a 4 foot (or shorter) person. Someoone of average height could not have showered in the hotel and if you were tall - FORGET IT! I called the owner and left multiple messages HE NEVER EVEN RETURNED MY PHONE CALL! This hotel is NOT recommended. The service is lousy - and the owner doesn't even care enough to call and apologize! My suggestion - stay at the Four Seasons right across the street.	
Sep 25 2008 	Joni	I spent a lot of time on-line looking for the &quot;right&quot; hotel we would want and the Whitehall was what I wanted for our 30th anniversary. It was even better than expected. I've booked on-line before and was deeply dissappointed. But at the Whitehall our Pinnacle King was wonderful. We had a four poster bed with more than enough down pillows, down comforter, wonderffully comfortable sheets, clean room, great balthroom. The staff went out of their way to be helpful but not intrusive. So close to everything you would want:: Michigan Ave., State Street, Rush. A hotel with such wonderful character. I thank them for helping us have a wonderful anniversary weekend. We'll be back definitely!	
Sep 22 2008 	Checked out 10 minutes after we checked in!	A disaster from the start. We had reserved two adjoining rooms at the Whitehall, upon check-in were told that 1) only one of the rooms was ready (it was 4:30pm!) and 2) that they actually don't have adjoining rooms. There was confusion among the front desk staff about the difference between rooms &quot;next to&quot; each other and rooms &quot;near&quot; each other. We had waited about 20 minutes just to get to the front of the check-in line, so we just wanted to get to our rooms to relax before dinner and took what we were given. Next, the room. I'd expect better from a motel. The wallpaper was peeling off the walls (see pictures) and the a/c unit was literally falling out of the wall. After a little debate and a few phone calls, we gathered our things and checked out. I will say that the front desk manager handled the situation well and did not charge us a penny. Skip it--there are better hotel deals in the city. The only thing going for the Whitehall is the location.	
Aug 31 2008 	Great Location Had a Great Anniversary Trip	My wife and I needed a hotel downtown to stay at while we celebrated our 6 year anniversary. We stayed downtown on our wedding night, so we wanted to stay downtown again. But it was the week of a huge music festival and prices were skyhigh. So we searched and found a great price online for the Whitehall. We knew nothing about it, but looked it up on tripadvisor (as we always do). Many people had good, and some bad things to say about the hotel...but our experience was all good.First, great location. Blocks away from the Hancock building, shopping, great food...and everything is in walking distance. Second, the hotel is classically beautiful and clean.Finally, they treated us well. We had a problem with our air conditioner, they fixed it quickly. When they found out it was our anniversary, they upgraded us. We were thrilled with our whole experience and would recomend it highly.	
Aug 24 2008 	Superb location	Has the ambience of a fine European hotel. We enjoyed our stay very much.	
Aug 7 2008 	Good Hotel Fantastic Location	The best thing about the Whitehall Hotel is it's location, really close to the Magnificent Mile. Everything was really easy to get to from this hotel.The Hotel itself is clean, friendly and comfortable. Our room was spacious, bright and airy. We had a good view from the window to get an atmosphere of chicago life.Really pleased with this hotel and would recommend it.	
Jul 29 2008 	What a disaster....It has such potential	I was at the Whitehall Hotel on July 22nd &amp; 23rd and was extremely disappointed. I had similar troubles as the other reviews such as closets that don't work and wet floors by the air conditioning unit. However, my big trouble started the night of the 23rd. After returning from dinner at about 11:30pm, the key to my room wouldn't work. I went to the front desk to get a new key, still no luck. I went back and they sent someone up that had all the keys, again no luck.I went down to the lobby and they said they were going to call maintenance. At 1am I must have fallen asleep in the lobby, around 2am, I was told there was a room they could put me in for a few hours while they wait for maintenance. I went to this temporary room around 2:30am because I had to depart by 8am I awoke at 6:30am to see if my room was available to get my things. Guess what, it still was not ready. At 7:10am, I received a call that the door was open (they had to cut the door apart to get in the room). As I was leaving, I asked to speak to the manager about my stay and was told that he was not available and would have to call later in the day. I left without settling my bill. I did receive a call later in the day from manager and he offered me a gift certificate for a future visit. After much discussion, I received credit for my stay. A few days later I had to call to have a receipt faxed up to me and found a number of room charges put on there that I never used. I am guessing the people that got the door open helped themselves to the bar in the room.I know this is a long review but I want people to be aware that this is an older hotel that has not been maintained well and when issues do arise don't expect immediate help.	
Jul 15 2008	There's lots to fix	Even if we didn't have a terrible experience with the front desk about the inadequacy of our first room, I would have to comment on how the hotel has deteriated since our stay just a year ago. The staff is still extremely cordial (except for our checking in experience), but our room was in terrible shape. The sliding closet doors would absolutely not move. One was open so we had access to the hangers but could not use the safe which was behind the closed part. The magnifying mirror in the bathroom was on a loose bracket and could not be used because it hung so low, not to mention that the light on it did not work. The chair at the desk had upholstery so worn that the stuffing was coming through. It looked like it should be on the sidewalk for garbage pickup.This is very sad because we were looking forward to our return after a wonderful stay last year.	
Jul 14 2008 	Has gone downhill	We discovered the Whitehall Hotel in July 2007 and had a lovely stay. Went back in July 2008 and we had a TERRIBLE experience. We arrived a bit early for check-in on a Thursday and our 2 rooms were not ready. Returned at the 3 pm check-in time and the rooms were still not ready. Waited another 30 minutes before we were given our keys. One of our rooms was tiny and across from the elevator and our other room was more spacious and down the hall away from the noise of the elevator. I went down to the front desk, explained the differences in our 2 rooms and asked to be put in a room comparable to the larger quieter room. We were told that would be an &quot;upgrade&quot; and would cost us $30 more per night. Since I couldn't imagine how that could be, as we booked and paid for identical rooms at the same time, we were told that was the case. I asked to speak with the manager but was told that the manager was in a meeting. Because we only had 60 minutes to get settled and ready for our evening reservations, I requested the larger room anyway and asked that the manager call us when the meeting was concluded. Went to our &quot;upgraded&quot; more expensive room and found the following-1) Fabric on the chair at the desk was worn to threads and the stuffing was showing. 2) Attempted to use the iron to touch up our clothes but the iron did not work. Called down to the front desk for a new iron. 30 minutes later- still no iron. After the 2nd call a new iron was delivered.3) Closet doors were broken and we could only slide it to one side, which made access to the safe impossible.4) Magnifying mirror in the bathroom was hanging loose from the wall.The front desk mangager called our room 1 hour later and even after I explained everything to her she was NOT going to make any adjustment. We arrived back from our evening activities to find a message from the hotel MANAGER telling us that as a &quot;courtesy&quot; they were reduciung the SURCHARGE FROM $30 PER NIGHT TO &quot;$15&quot; PER NIGHT. WOW, how generous of them!!The Whitehall Hotel is an old converted apartment house and they seem to have missed adding those nice little details that other small boutique hotels offer. Fresh flowers are displayed in the lobby but are not refreshed and sat there wilted. The lobby and halls are not air conditioned and can get very uncomfortable on hot, muggy days.The location of the hotel is great and other than the management, the staff is very nice. Chicago is not lacking in hotels, so we won't be returning to the Whitehall next year.	
Jul 10 2008 	Superior accomodations at a great price	The Whitehall Hotel provided us with a large room with a king size bed. The view overlooked Water Tower Place and Hancock Bldg. One block from the Magnificent Mile. The room was exceptionally clean and well appointed. It even had what appeared to be a mink fir piece covering the lower portion of the bed. The bathroom was done in marble tile and was quite attractive. Each morning we received USA Today and could get complimentary coffee and tea in the lobby. The staff was overly helpful and friendly. We arrived at 10 a.m. and called to see if we could check in at that time. They said ordinarily we could but their computer was temporarily down and they didn't know which room they could give us. They graciously took our luggage and stored it for us while we explored the city. They took my cell number and said they would call when our room was ready. They did call and we were delighted with our room. The hotel is somewhat old looking on the outside but very modern on the inside. The hallways, however, give me the ambivance of something from the twilight zone with the hall light fixtures etc.--like you experienced when you got off the elevator in MGM's Tower of Terror. Spooky, but clean, attractive and otherwise modern. This is a place in Chicago I can recommend and would stay here again. A great value!	
Jun 24 2008 	Hidden Jewel	I was a bit nervous after booking The Whitehall on one of those &quot;you don't know where you're staying until after you pay&quot; Web sites, but we thorougly enjoyed staying there. The room was upscale, clean and comfortable; the hotel's smaller size did not bother us and and its location put us right in the middle or close to Chicago's great shopping, restaurants and theatre district. The staff was wonderful! It's a hidden jewel just a block away from Michigan Ave. and we plan to return.	
Jun 22 2008 	Nice quaint hotel	I have to say that I thought that the quality of the service made this a good experience. All of the employees are very helpful and made us feel like welecome guests. Yes, the rooms are smaller then we are used to, but the were very clean and you can tell there is pride taken in the condition of the hotel. I would stay here again.	
Jun 4 2008 	Nice	Okay, it's small. The hallways are narrow. The rooms are small. The bathrooms are small. The elevators are small. But the location? A half-block from Michigan Avenue and the John Hancock Center - -in other words, exactly where you want to be. The rooms are nicely appointed, very well-maintained, and quiet. The staff are excellent. We asked for some clothes to be pressed overnight, and they were ready and perfect by breakfast -- no bones about it. The ground floor staff are ready with directions, recommendations, and a handy taxi if you decide to cab it instead of taking the very convenient bus or El.The only thing to complain about is the size of the spaces. If you're a &quot;big&quot; person -- in either width or height or both -- you might seriously do better somewhere else. But otherwise? I'm looking for another excuse to go to Chicago just to stay there.	
May 21 2008 	So-So Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Whitehall from Friday 5/16 to Sunday 5/18 for our first anniversary. I picked this hotel based on its location. It is in a GREAT location! One block from the Hancock Observatory, Michigan Ave. (Magnificent Mile) and tons of great shops and restaurants. Also easy walking to the lake, Navy Pier, and other attractions. Luckily, we spent most of our time sightseeing, because the hotel room was not the greatest. It was definitely very small and old, but that's really all we have to complain about, and we didn't really mind since we were really only there to sleep. I also used the fitness center; its nothing fancy but it has 2 treadmills and a stairclimber and some weights. We walked for miles every day so if you plan to do that you won't even really need to use the fitness center! If you are planning to spend a lot of time in the hotel then you should choose a more luxurious, newer place. Check-in was very slow, and the front desk people were not very helpful, but Renata the concierge was extremely helpful! She suggested a great jazz place (Underground Wonder Bar, a few blocks away ) and got us a same-day reservation for a fantastic steakhouse (Erie Cafe.) Overall, we had a great experience in Chicago but the hotel was mediocre.	
Apr 22 2008 	Loved It	I went with 3 moms and our daughters for a mother/daughter weekend. It was a great experience. When we arrived in our rooms, there was a bottle of wine, chocolate covered strawberries and other fruit with a note from the management thanking us for staying there. We only paid $164.00 a night also. We stayed on the 17th floor and both rooms had nice views. The beds were very comfortable and the bathrooms were very nice and updated. The whole room was beautiful. The staff was very helpful. We were going to be gone at the play &quot;Wicked&quot; when we could get our boarding passes for the next day and the concierge volunteered to take our information home and print our passes for us. He did exactly what he said he would. He was also very helpful making dining reservations and making suggestions. The bar was very nice and the moms enjoyed going down for a glass of wine after a long day of sight seeing. Maybe some of the lower rooms were not as nice as ours but we loved everything about this place. We will stay here again. I would gladly recommend this place to everyone.	
Apr 4 2008 	To be avoided by all means	The only good thing about this hotel is that you have a view on a very nice hotel (Four Seasons) on the other side of the street.The hotel itslef has grim rooms: dark, dirty, noisy. In my room, one window was in such bad condtion that I had it my hands while trying to open it! You can image how this isolates from noice and weather conditions. The airconditioning was roaring like hell, the choice was between fresh air and headache, or none of both. Why do these hotels never get out of the business?	
Mar 31 2008	Great Location and you can get a great Deal for this Magnificent Mile Four Star	Great great location across the street from the Four Seasons and ultra luxe 900 Michigan Avenue, a block from Water Tower Place and the rest of the great shopping on North Michigan Ave.Hotel is traditional with a modest scaled rooms. The one I had was not large (typical of most city hotels) but nicely done and seemed to have been refurbished recently.Lobby is very small and often gets backed up when a group is checking in. THis can make getting to the elevator difficult. The overall level of service is OK, but not great. Also there were several large tour groups of European Doctors.I got a fantastic deal on Hotwire and would recommend this hotel at the price I paid ($180) but would not pay more than $250 or as there are better options at that price.	
Mar 22 2008 	Great location and helpful staff.	We got upgraded when we got there so our room was awesome, even though it had a terrible view. The bed was very comfortable and the staff was friendly and helpful. The location is very close to Michigan Ave. and everything else we wanted to be near. We got our room pretty cheap and I was more than impressed.	
Mar 20 2008 	Fabulous hotel with ghostly 1920s aura	I loved this place. It is so 1920s it is almost spooky. Fabulous character, wonderful staff and top nosh inexpensive food which I would pay a fortune for at home. Right next to Michigan Ave so all the tourist sights were in easy reach. Would stay here again.	
Feb 29 2008 	Great little find	Stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in September 07 with my husband, it was a quick city break with friends who joined us from Cincinnati. We booked the hotel on Hotels R Us and got a great deal for the short stay we were there.The hotel is located on a quiet side street and has a central location for the beach and all the shops just off the Mag Mile. The staff were extremely friendly and we had a great stay.The rooms although compact had everything we needed and were very nicely decorated. The bed was really comfy and had nice bed linens. I liked the touch of the free tea and coffee which was available each morning in the lobby, you could fill up as much as you wanted. Our friends came to visit one morning, they were staying in the Marriott Downtown and paid double the amount we paid and were every impressed with the hotel for value for money. We asked at reception if they could join us for coffee and they said to help themselves. with no charge which was really nice touch.| really enjoyed my stay here and would recommend the hotel to those who enjoy small stylish hotels with helpful staff , without having to pay top dollar to stay in Chicago.	
Jan 12 2008 	a little tired	The Whitehall is in a great location and is a venerable old hotel. The lobby is nice, and the staff and service are great. Unfortunately the rooms are a little tired. I've stayed here several times (booked through work) and have been in a different room each time. In all of them the wallpaper was faded and peeling in places. In two the enamel on the bathroom suite was stained and in another two the aircon/heating units were broken.However, as I say the staff are great and are more than happy to help with any requests. The location is good - 2 minutes from Michigan and a short walk to Lincoln Park.	
Jan 7 2008 	Don't accept a sub par room!	We went for a romantic weekend getaway post holidays, and chose Whitehall as we had been pleased with them in the past, and the location and price/value can't be beat... at least in our previous visits (4 plus times in the last 10 years). This visit, we had an unbelievable rate of approx $135 per night for a regular room. Well, as this was probably the cheapest rate ever, we were given the worst room. Unbelievable that they would even show a room like this to anyone, especially when the hotel was no where near capacity. Rm. 603 if you are interested.First, of course there is no view, we were expecting that for such little money. But then... we noticed an actual hole in the wall next to the radiator, and it went all the way to the outside... in Chicago, in Winter. The room was freezing! Was management aware of this? Well, there was a fur throw on the bed (and not one in the next room we transferred to). Because the room was walled in by larger buildings on all sides, it was dark dark dark. Now I realize if you get a bargain rate, you get a bargain rate room, but this was truly unacceptable. So we called downstairs to be moved to another room. They did not offer another room at the same price, but we could upgrade to Pinnacle level for $50 more per night. So we did. The room was actually the same size, actually the same room, on the 16th floor, with no hole and a great view. Unfortunately we learned early the next morning it was also right next to the maid cart closet... BANG BANG BANG! And if the first room is typical of all &quot;regular&quot; rooms, then only the &quot;pinnacle&quot; rooms are acceptable, in my opinion. I believe all the times previously we paid for the &quot;pinnacle&quot; rooms as well. Also, although the pinnacle level rooms are all the same price (except for the suites) I think many are larger and have bigger, four poster beds. On other Whitehall visits, our rooms were larger and nicer. This was by far the smallest room we had ever stayed in. So to get the best for your money, ask for a larger pinnacle room with four poster bed, away from the elevators, away from the maid closet and with a good view.My feeling is that Whitehall needs to be both price competitive (which it is) but also needs that special something (service... feeling that a guest is welcome and appreciated) that makes up for some of the inconveniences (small rooms, outdated bathrooms, tiny elevators, aging wallpaper and carpets, having to call down for ice) which can either be viewed as charming or a pain, depending on how you as a guest are treated. This time... eh...no magic. Stay here again? Not sure.	
Dec 31 2007	Location Location Location!	It was the fist time my husband and I traveled to Chicago and the location of this small 'boutique' hotel was the best part of all. It's less than half a block from Michigan Ave and a 2 minute walk away from Rush St (lots of bars, restaurants and clubs on Rush). You could walk practically everywhere; we walked all the way to Navy Pier one day. There are plenty of cabs around the area in case you prefer that too.I would not consider The Whitehall as &quot;one of the eight great small hotels of the U.S&quot; but the service from the staff was very good! The concierge was very knowledgeable and professional. The lobby had a unpleasant smell :( but at least it did not carry anywhere else. There are only 2 tiny elevators but that's ok for the size of hotel. We had a standard room on the 17th floor, facing Delaware St. with nearby buildings as our view. The room was quite small with very little room to store your belongings (we had a lot of winter gear!). It was evident that the bathroom had been remodeled and it was very nice (with the exception that our tub would get clogged quickly!) The bedding was comfortable/clean and the AC unit worked perfectly fine. They should remodel the rooms with newer furniture though.The overall experience of the hotel was very good and we would stay there again because it's in the center of it all.	
Dec 13 2007 	Overrated	Stayed here on business - i've been around the world and was unimpressed. The price i paid was a corporate rate and still felt it was too much for the quality of of the stay. While i realize I am paying for location - off the Magnificent Mile - the hotel was just - blah.	
Dec 7 2007 	Great hotel but.........	This hotel was excellent. Personal service is first class. It is quiet and central, yet sophisticated. Great staff, food and rooms. decor is restrained and a lot of wood panelling... sombre and serious , good for a quiet drink. The restaurant is attached to hotel and food /service is excellent.The only problem I had was I do not use credit cards, I pay cash. For some reason this hotel does not appreciate this commendable approach and insists on you keeping a credit balance in their favour.I have never experienced this approach in Europe. Usually the norm is to settle your account on departure. Yes, they have all your details including passport. I found this particularly irritating as I had to constantly provide deposits of dollars to satisfy the hotel desk. You wonder why this is annoying? You will find that a red light on two telephones will constantly flash when your credit has been exceeded..... if you wake early this will prevent you getting back to sleep also you feel the hotel do not trust you. This detracts from the hotels otherwise high standards. Cop on ! Why have guests if you do not trust them! I booked the holiday with my credit card Laser/Maestro, but the Whitehall does not recognise it when you are a guest. How odd is that ! Well we are not American. Get over it. great hotel otherwise. Advice ... get with the program! it's a cultural shift. P.S I love this hotel!	
Nov 26 2007	Loved it. Just like I wanted.	The Whitehall is a charming, old style hotel. Comfy bar and lounge and quality restaurant. There's a bit of wear and tear around the hotel, but it adds to the ambiance. Great location, good sized rooms and we found the staff attentive. I used to stay at the Whitehall many years ago and was pleased to see it's still a fine place to spend a vacation.	
Nov 6 2007 	Horrendous Experience	Let me begin with the good: great location and reasonably priced as compared to nearby hotels. That's it.Now to the bad: We were in Room 611 that overlooked an alley in which dumpsters from every nearby building were seemingly located. While the view was less than ideal, our issue concerned noise. On Friday morning at 6:17 a.m. (our first morning in the hotel and more than four hours before we planned on getting up) we were awoken by the incredibly loud sounds of garbage trucks backing into the alley (beeping every second or so), picking up dumpsters, and then dropping them onto the ground. If this only happened once it would still have been annoying, but might also have been a reality of staying downtown. Unfortunately, it did not happen only once. It happened repeatedly from 6:17 a.m. until around 9 a.m. (after MANY separate dumpster loads were picked up and DROPPED). Having our sleep ruined by dumpsters, we then had the rest of the morning ruined by constant whistles from bellmen hailing taxis (that lasted until at least 11 a.m.). We complained to the hotel staff who told us that there were no rooms available to move us until later that day, so we went about our business of trying to enjoy our long weekend in Chicago. When we returned to the hotel in late-afternoon, we were told that the hotel only had one room available on the 5th floor of the hotel - albeit not right over dumpster alley, but still pretty low. We asked whether dumpsters would be picked up in dumpster alley on Saturday morning (it being a weekend) and were told by the front desk person that the hotel's were not picked up on Saturday and that she did not &quot;think&quot; but (in fairness) could not be certain that other dumpsters would not be picked up the next morning. Having places to go and not wishing to re-pack and move to another low floor, we risked it one more night. BIG mistake. The next morning - at precisely 6:42 a.m. - we were greeted with the relentless sounds of dumpsters being picked up and dropped. Having a second morning completely ruined by the sound of crashing dumpsters, we again complained, and this time we did decide to re-pack and move to a much higher floor - further away from the dumpsters. It is scarcely believable that the Whitehall would not: a) warn their guests whose rooms overlook the alley; b) contact the waste management companies to adjust their pick up schedules; and c) work on soundproofing the &quot;dumpster alley&quot; rooms. Almost as bad as was the noise was the reaction of the hotel staff to our complaints. While they did ultimately change our room, most quality hotels would have comped both nights, but not the Whitehall - which ironically describes itself as a &quot;landmark destination,&quot; &quot;one of the eight great small hotels in the U.S.,&quot; and a hotel that &quot;will exceed all of [our] expectations.&quot; Indeed, we didn't even get a fruit basket.From this experience at the Whitehall, if you are planning on staying at the Whitehall you should definitely inquire whether your room faces the alley. If it does, you cannot and should not stay at this hotel unless you are planning on getting up at 6:15 a.m.	
Oct 27 2007	Boutique hotel great location	We've stayed at the Whitehall many times and this is a great hotel - rooms are always well-appointed and the location in between Rush Street and Michigan Avenue can't be beat. The sausage-grape pizza in the restaurant is fantastic.	
Oct 25 2007	good enough	Not bad at all. Good location. Concierge very helpful and knowledgable. Not as expensive as many downtown hotels and the rooms are fine with all most people would need presuming you aren't coming to Chicago just to stay in your hotel room.	
Oct 19 2007 	Tired but elegant hotel. The little hotel that could.	After reading the reviews here I was very worried about staying here. When I arrived my fears were unfounded. Our stay was very nice.This is an old hotel that at one time was very traditional, classy and elegant. As I looked around the common areas I’m sure it used to be very lovely. In many ways it still is. Many posters have described this hotel as ‘tired’. It is very tired looking, but is still somewhat elegant. Every place in this hotel is dark, or as someone else described it as ‘soft lighting’ and maybe for good reason, to hide its age.The staff at the Whitehall were all very professional and helpful. We called ahead and asked for a King pinnacle room. It was ready for us when we arrived later in the day. There are two tiny elevators for twenty floors. The elevators have recently had a facelift. The 17th floor appears to have had a facelift as well. We had room 1712 which is a corner room away from any other noise. The king pinnacle room was very tiny, but it was clean, the furniture all looked somewhat new, the newer bedding was very luxurious. The TV and the cabinet that held it were the only things that looked worn. The view out our window was of another building. This was ok. I wasn’t there to sit in my room and look out the window. Our teeny room was nicely appointed, clean, odor free, and the bed linens were new and comfortable. There is a down type comforter also there was a feather bed over the mattress, which I found odd at first, but then I got used to it and it felt somewhat cozy. The pillows on the bed were feather pillows. I slept very well, kind of like sleeping on a cloud. Our room had a pricey mini bar and an in room safe. The closet was quite large with very nice wood hangers and satin hangers. Their was an iron and ironing board. The bathroom was clean with a blow dryer, magnifying makeup mirror, bath sheet size towels. The maid was very generous with refilling our shampoos and soaps. Our room was always cleaned early and the turn down service is a nice touch.The air conditioning/heating is noisy but in a good way. It acted as ‘white noise’ for us at night. So we never heard anything else. There is a thermostat on the wall to regulate the temperature. One morning we ordered a continental breakfast and it was $25.00 for one person! Not worth the money, but works from a convenience standpoint. The parking is very pricy at approximately $44.00 a day. This price is inline with other Chicago Hotels. You do have in and out privileges.One night we ate at Fornetto Mei restaurant right next door. The menu confusing being Italian and oriental, but the food was good. The prices were average. It is a cozy, intimate, gold coast restaurant &amp; pizza bar. Just the thing for relaxing in a casual yet elegant venue. I really liked it. The location of this hotel is fabulous. I love the neighborhood, very quiet but right off Michigan Avenue and close to everything. I would stay here again, if I got a reasonable price.	
Oct 17 2007 	Great location ok hotel	We stayed three nights at the Whitehall Hotel in Chicago. The location was great; however, there are other hotels with a similar location which may be better. I'm afraid that the bloom is off the rose that is the Whitehall. In general, I would call it &quot;tired&quot;. Nothing was horribly wrong, but neither was anything outstanding. Our room left a lot to be desired. It was dark and dated. The air conditiioning was working (thank heaven, because the weather was hot), but there was a pool of water on that side of the bed the entire time. I did not realize this until we were leaving and my husband said he had been stepping over it , but didn't bother saying anything because you could see from the carpet that it was a long-standing problem about which nothing had been done to date. As well, they were rather stingy about replenishing our bathroom amenities. If they saw that there was still some product left in a bottle in the shower, they would not replenish it. Not the sign of a good hotel. We definitely would not stay here again.	
Oct 11 2007 	Great Location but Tiny Rooms - NOT A 4-5 STAR HOTEL	First of all, let me just say that the location of the hotel is great, especially if you want to shop on Michigan Avenue/Rush Street.When I arrived to check-in at 5pm on a Friday afternoon, I asked the front desk personnel if it would be possible to get two double beds, or even a King (since I was travelling with a friend.) She looked at my reservation, then looked down her nose at me and said with snotty disdain &quot;Ooh, I see you booked your stay through a third party website. I am sorry, all the kings and double rooms are &quot;committed&quot; for this evening.&quot; (She implied that kings/doubles are only available if you book directly with the hotel. Otherwise, you're stuck with a random room that nobody else wants.) When she said that, I found it rather odd that (1) every other king/doubles room was fully occupied at that point in the day, and (2) that every other guest had already checked in for the night, and there was only 1 room left in the entire hotel for me. If the king rooms were already &quot;committed&quot; to some other guest, why did I not have the ability to have them reserve one for ME??? Very suspect, and very strange.As I was waiting for the elevator, someone else came in, and asked for a king bed. The clerk &quot;Yes, sir, we do have a king available for you.&quot; I was livid. But I proceeded to my room, and my room keys did not work. After another trip to the lobby to get proper keys, I promptly entered the room to find that it was a very odd-shaped corner room scarely larger than a closet. The foot of the bed (a double bed) was so close to the armoire, I could barely open the cabinet doors. Because of the odd shape, it was hard to find a place to set our luggage without bumping into something else. Furthermore, there was no furniture/drawer space to unpack your luggage if you are planning to stay in the city for more than one night!The furniture was terribly outdated, the table tops on the desk, nightstands, and side table were badly scratched/damaged, the airconditioner ran loudly and sounded like a washing machine in mid-cycle, the alarm clock was faulty, and kept &quot;crackling&quot; audibly all night, the TV cable channels sucked (a majority of the channels were either sports or news) and the walls of the room were paper thin. We could hear every conversation in the next room.The front desk staff didn't seem knowledgeable about the area. When asked where the nearest pharmacy was, she mentioned the Walgreens on Michigan (4 blocks away.) However, there was a Walgreens only about 1.5 blocks away over on Rush.The best was when I left early one morning, the door man was standing there picking his nose, then reached out to grab the door to open it for me. I made sure not to touch that door from that point on.The Whitehall should treat all customers the same...and not give preferential treatment to customers who book their room directly with the hotel vs. a third-party website. If I had to recommend this hotel, I am not convinced I would. It needs major updating, and the staff needs to be schooled on the art of etiquette.	
Oct 3 2007	The odd niggle here and there but otherwise a Great Value Choice	The Whitehall is clearly loved by many but equally hated by others. Hopefully this review gives a more balance impression. If your looking for a 4-5* international chain hotel with modern bland features, an excessively grand lobby, vast corridors that stretch for miles and miles, and rooms and bathrooms so large that you could get lost in them, then the Whitehall is not for you. If on the other hand you're looking for a more than perfectly acceptable hotel in a superbly central location (just yards from the Hancock Tower), in a quiet location with friendly staff, then the Whitehall will suit you fine.If your budget can stretch to $600-700 and more per night then the nearby Four Seasons, Westin or numerous others (all with loyalty programs) will meet your every whim. Then again, if you're looking for change from $300-400 per night then go for the Whitehall. Sure the Whitehall lobby's small, and the elevators tiny as are most of the bathrooms, but if this means I save $200 a night then count me in. You simply can't go wrong. I also have a slight problem thinking of the Whitehall as a boutique hotel; after all it has well over 200 rooms - in Europe we think of a boutique hotel with usually no more than a few dozen rooms - but it's just a marketing label! The Whitehall will never set the world alight but I'd have no qualms in returning. It does exactly what it sets out to do. If the Whitehall can deliver what it does for the price then either the bigger chains are charging too much for what they offer or maybe we the customer should be looking for an even grander quality of service, delivering better value for money. Either way, the choice is ultimately yours. Hope this is helpful?	
Oct 2 2007 	A pure slice of HEAVEN! (+ in a great location!)	Reserved a king, pinnacle room w/hotels.com for four nights at an average of $209/nt + tax - an absolute deal of the century. Arrived 5-6 hours well before check-in (see my review of Tremont Hotel, which I couldn't wait to leave in the morning...), and was treated like royalty by the Whitehall front desk staff. I told them where I'd come from the night before, what I'd experienced, and that, if possible, I would be willing to pay extra for an early check-in if something was available. They asked me to take a seat in the lobby, so I did, and within (seriously) 5 minutes, the front desk manager walked out to where I was sitting, and presented me with my room key, informed me that there would be no extra charge, and a &quot;I know you'll enjoy your stay w/us&quot; - WOW!!The room was a king, pinnacle - sumptuous, softly-lit, spacious, CLEAN, cool and totally relaxing. Ahhhhhhh. In my 41 years on this planet, I have never slept in a more comfortable bed!!! What appeared to be 500+ thread-count sheets and duvet (far beyond my expectations!), feather bed under sheets (dreamy), and a cloud of delicious, fluffy, warm goodness (read: down comforter) on top. Did I mention the fab pillows?? More of the same - and there were six of those!The closet was spacious, well-lit, and loaded with hangers. The bathroom was absolutely perfect w/varied lighting, 1600+ watt hairdryer, FLUFFY bath sheets (not just standard-sz towels), and great marble and tile work. Hardly worth mentioning, but the only negative I can come up with (&amp; I hate to go there, but...) is that I have very thick hair and the shower water pressure was very poor - never was able to get all the shamp/cond out of my hair without using the faucet below in the shower on my hands and knees.The staff - oh, the staff! WOW! From bellhop, to housekeeper, to concierge - it just kept getting better and better!!! Clearly, the management is doing something right in their hiring and treatment of their employees. They all go the extra mile (how I would treat someone in my home) without being prompted. VERY impressive! These folks are happy, and it shows and shines!!The location, literally, cannot be beat. It's WAAAAAAAAAY better than their modest and humble hotel description. You will not be disappointed in this hotel. I can hardly wait to tell everyone about it - I think I just did!	
Sep 30 2007 	Good value better than some reviews suggested	We stayed in this hotel for a week in September 2007. After reading the reviews on TripAdviser I asked for a room facing the street and we were given one just opposite the lifts, but this caused no problems except for someone talking loudly outside the lifts one morning. The room was furnished with dark furniture but we expected this from other reviews, the bed was really comfortable, and the bathroom, although small was perfectly adequate for its purpose. The bar prices were reasonable, the only complaint was that we were not informed about the free coffee in the mornings, which we only found on the last day. I had booked at a reduced rate with LastMinute.Com. and after booking was facing the stay with some trepidation after reading reviews on other sites warning against doing this, but our fears were unfounded it was good value for the money we paid.	
Sep 25 2007 	Great Location and an Awesome Bed!	We stayed at the Whitehall for the first time on September 14-16 and we had a lovely experience. We did not want to rent a car in Chicago so the hotel location was going to be very important to us. I searched for a reasonably priced hotel near North Michigan Avenue for weeks and all of them were too expensive for us at $300.00 plus per night. I finally found www.GTAhotels.com and they had rooms at the Whitehall for $144.00 per night!When we arrived we were given a room on the 4th floor and I will be honest, the view was horrible. One window opened to face a brick wall and the other window faced the alley. That is the only bad thing I can say about the room. The room was super quiet even though the hotel was completely booked. The bed and linens were AWESOME! There were 5 pillows on the bed, two of them were down filled. There was a down comforter on the bed which felt like heaven and a faux fur throw blanket at the foot of the bed for a romantic look.The bathroom was updated and very elegant. The towels and bathrobes were soft and comfortable. Huge closet, desk, mini-bar, 2 reading chairs and tons of lamps so you could control the amount of light in the room.The very best feature still has to be the location. It was 1/2 block to Michigan Avenue and we were surrounded by fabulous stores and restaurants. It was very easy to walk down to the Navy Pier and just about anywhere else we wanted to go. The hotel held our luggage after we checked out since we had a late flight and we were able to shop and dine some more!Everyone was very friendly and the restaurant has the best thin crust pizza in town. Overall it was a very enjoyable experience and we will absolutely book another vacation at the Whitehall.	
Sep 7 2007 	Location Location Location	My husband and I stayed at the Whitehall on Saturday Sept 1. We were in town for a Cub game and due to me waiting to make reservations - we had to stay at 2 hotels over the weekend. I booked this hotel thru otel.com. I had never used them before - but it worked out well. The location of the hotel is wonderful. We were just a couple of blocks from our favorite bar (PIppin's Tavern). We took Amtrak in and did not arrive until about 9pm. We were on the 13th floor. The elevator was quite slow. It is an older hotel but we enjoyed our stay. I would certainly stay here again!	
Sep 3 2007	bad experience: hotel promised to hold room but didn't	I had a 2 night, prepaid reservation at the Whitehall, and the hotel confirmed by phone that they would hold my room even though I was arriving late. They didn't and didn't make much of an effort to find me a room elsewhere: the best they could come up with, after 30 minutes of trying, was a hotel an hour out of town.	
Aug 28 2007 	Great location is about the only good thing here	Well where do I begin. We ordered two rooms and requested that they be side by side and with each bedroom containing 2 seperate beds. There was 4 of us and we all wanted our own bed. However, we showed up at the hotel and they not only seperated us but they had us on seperate floors. However, asked if they could switch us around but they said they could not. Therefore, we decided to check out the rooms and to deal with it. However, upon entering our rooms we immediatly saw that there was one double bed. Again, we requested two beds in the room. We were extremely upset by this and contacted the manager. He admitted there were empty rooms in the hotel but it was against their policy to move or upgrade rooms for free. He said if we wanted two double beds in each room we would have to pay the cancelation fee and the room upgrade fee. I will have to say the staff is very nice but their policy is bogus. I work in customer service and have been taught to accomodate the customer in any way possible. This means going above and beyond. However, this hotel decided not to. And our last complaint was the air conditioning. The room upstairs did not work at all. The room was very unfortable. The room downstairs did have working AC. Having said all of this, the hotel is in a great location right next to the Hancock tower. The beach is 5 minute walk, Michigan Ave is 3 min, and the pier is a 15 minutes walk. The cleaning ladies were great. Everyday the room was cleaned!I hope this is an isolated incident because as you can see, there are some great things about this hotel.	
Aug 15 2007 	Chariming Hotel	The Whitehall Hotel, a national landmark hotel in Chicago, is a charming hotel in an excellent location in downtown. Because it is old and has character, there were a few minor inconveniences. The two biggest ones for us were no ice machines(you have to call or ask someone in the hotel to get ice for you which means a tip) and trouble getting into our room with an electronic card. We had to slide the card at least half a dozen times to get our door open. But these annoying little things were more than made up for by the friendliness of the staff, the great beds and bathrooms, and the concierge service. Did I mention the location? The Whitehall is less than a block off the northern end of the &quot;Magnificent Mile&quot;, near the El Red Line and major bus stops, and within walking distance of many of Chicago's major attractions. We were near several good restaurants and felt safe at all times. There were only 2 of us, but many families with 4 to 5 members were in the hotel. A lot of business men and women were in the hotel as well.	
Aug 15 2007 	Awesome Location	My friends and I booked this hotel for a couple nights using Last Minute Travel.com. The price was perfect, 125 a night. After doing alot of research on tripadvisor and other places we realized that we would be getting run down rooms. However, when we arrived we were upgraded (I am not sure why) to rooms with king size beds. I really cant say anything negative about this hotel, it has a perfect location, great rooms, the staff was nice, and it was extremely affordable.There was one incident upon arrival that sticks out as a major problem. When the other half of my party walked into their room, they were overwhelmed by a mold smell. Apparently the room AC had a water leak and the hotel just put a huge fan in the room to try and dry it out. The fan was still going when we arrived in the room. The hotel moved the other half of us up to the 12th floor. The new room had an incredible view of the lake and the John Hancock bldg. So, it worked out well.There is not an ice machine, so you have to call room service for it. I found that they were very fast at bringing the ice. The AC worked great. The elevators were usually very full, to the point that we couldnt get on one alot of the time. We found that the service elevator worked nice and without the crowd.	
Aug 6 2007 	Fantastic experience	My husband and I just got home after a 3 night stay. We loved it! The bed was luxurious and the service was wonderful. Our room was tastefully decorated and had none of the problems other people have mentioned. I did call before and request a renovated/non smoking room and perhaps that is what made the difference. Would go back in a second -- lovely hotel in a fantastic location.	
Aug 3 2007 	Why the Whitehall???	Stayed at the Whitehall on a recent business trip to Chicago. This hotel has alot going for it...the intimate scale, great location, and really nice staff make the ideal combination. What did not work for me was the airconditioning in my room and the strange menu in the restaurant. I know that the restaurants are often leased to other operators, but hotels that lease their restaurants need to understand that the restauran is a direct reflection on the guest experience and the hotels brand reputation.Please fix the airconditioning and the restaurant	
Aug 1 2007 	Overall not bad but a little disappointed	First I'll say that for the most part this was an alright hotel with a Great location right by the Mag mile. It seemed a little &quot;old&quot;, but, IT IS! (1928) I made reservations a little more than a month beforehand and requested a &quot; nice street view .&quot; We arrived around 2:45 from Michigan to see the Tigers-White Sox game(7/25), room was ready(?). Went to tenth floor, cards didn't work, went back down and up again, we had a corner room(small, just enough room to walk around the king bed(nice bed though)) and a view of some bricks from the building next door. Really!?? A month's advance with a request and we still got a &quot;brick view. &quot; That was Very disappointing, but at that point I didn't feel like going back down and switching rooms. I normally would have but with the time constraint I didn't want to waste more. Also, we chose to self-park(which you pay for separate in the garage and was recommended cheaper than valet by the doorman(?)) and it actually came out to $44 for 24hrs and 32mins(maybe that extra 32 killed us more than we thought, huh?) Wonder what valet would've been. I just wish I had more time to devote to making sure I was satisfied and content with my stay/purchase. You may need a few extra minutes if you don't like a brick view and a bed for a room.	
Jul 30 2007 	Avoid the Whitehall	We stayed in the Whitehall for 3 nights. The first night we stayed in a King &quot;superior&quot; room. We noticed the air conditioner was VERY noisy that night but just assumed that was how it was going to be. The next afternoon when we went back to our room to rest and shower before going out for dinner, we were surprised to find our room was 90 degrees and as humid as a sauna -- there was also a gaping hole where the air conditioner had been with only a flimsy grate keeping it from being wide open to the outside 11 stories up! The furniture was all pushed up against the walls. We went down to the lobby to talk to the customer service people who checked and said they were &quot;fixing&quot; the air conditioning -- they said that and then tried to ignore us. We informed them that we needed to rest and get cleaned up and that the room was unusable and dangerous. They again said they were working on it == and then tried to ignore us again. We again told them we coud not use the room and asked how long it was going to be == they said they were working on it but didn't know how long it would be. After we refused to just go away, one of the reps finally said he would find us another room. We were put into a King suite which was a much better room than our previous one and we thanked the rep; however, neither room was really that of a 4 (or 5) star hotel: wallpaper bubbling off the walls, uncomfortable beds (the beds were more than firm -- they were hard but then covered with a feather bed), problems with electrical outlets in the bathrooms of both rooms (in the suite the outlet was actually loose and sparked -- we could not plug anything into it), etc. We were also dismayed to find charges to our bill for things we did not use: wireless internet and minibar. When we told a rep that we did not use these things, she questioned us about them and then nastily crumpled the bill in our face and said they were off our bill.We will not stay in the Whitehall again.	
Jul 24 2007 	Great location good service	The location is perfect. You can walk to the Chicago subway station(red line), to Michigan ave, to the bars/restaurants on rush street, to downtown... The service was good and the room was nice and clean so was the bathroom. I called before our arrival to confirm my reservation and asked for a room with a view, since the street is very narrow, there is only one side with a view on delaware street. They did provide us with a room facing the street on the 15th floor.	
Jul 23 2007 	Maybe the best bed ever	Great value! Room was basic but nice, clean and big. Service was great. Staff were very helpful. Our internet connection was not working so they gave us a pass for free wireless access. Concierge seemed to be very helpful as well.The highlight was probably the beds. Best bed/pillows I've ever slept on. As 5-star hotels go the Whitehall is probably not up there with the Four Seasons...but neither was the price. Definitely a better value for the money than other options in Chicago (we would have paid more to stay at a Best Western).	
Jul 17 2007 	Great Location Lovely Room	The Whitehall Hotel is in a fantastic location, on a quiet street right between Rush St. &amp; Michigan Avenue. You're right in the middle of all the action, but since Delaware is a smaller side street, the rooms are very quiet. Our room was small, but had almost everything we needed. The bathroom was large and lovely. Our only complaint was the view from our window--a cement wall. It is strange that they have no ice machines, the first night we requested ice to be brought from room service and it never arrived. The second night we just went down and asked the front desk for it which proved much more efficent. Bed and linens were very comfortable. The desk and easy chair were great additions to the room. The Whitehall was a great experience for us!	
Jun 26 2007 	Pleasant experience at Whitehall	I stayed here for three nights. May 15-18, 2007 Room was very nice. Location, great.I did not have the unpleasant experience described by others.The only thing I can add is that before the trip I called the reservation desk and asked for a renovated non smoking room. --which I did get.I reserved via easyclick.com web site and paid 443 with tax for thee nights.	
Jun 16 2007 	Good value for money	We were at this hotel last week and had a good experience. Great location, just off Michigan Ave, friendly staff and clean room. At the lower end of a four star hotel but that is reflected in the cost which is very reasonable. Smallish but comfortable room, small but well-equipped clean bathroom with complimentary toiletries. Free newspaper delivered to room every morning.	
Jun 6 2007 	A depressing experience	A so-called 5 star hotel, selected on the list of hotels for the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) meeting in Chicago in June 2007, where my booking came from.Despite the fact that staff were very friendly, rooms were in awful condition: dark and depressing; pieces falling from the wall and ceiling; windows that were single layer of glass and in very poor condition: results los of noise of ventilators from other surrounding buildings, I slept with ear plugs every night; very unpleasant smell in the room because of dirty airconditioning.A truly bad experience, not to be repeated. A good advice for those attending future ASCO meetings in Chicago in the next years.Dr. J. Vansteenkiste, ASCO member	
May 30 2007	Avoid The WhiteHall	The staff was incredibly rude. Some of the hotel patrons were waiting on a bus and their children were pushing each other all over the sidewalk. The children tripped my mother-in-law and she fell and cut her knee. It was bad enough the children and parents did nothing to help but the doorman offered no help either. A passing paramedic stopped to help. We took here inside so I could get some towels and water and not one of the staff offered help as they watched me clean and bandage her knee. Later when we mentioned the incident to the doorman, he said nothing and then snickered to the bellhop as we left.	
Apr 29 2007 	You get what you pay for	The Whitehall Hotel is Chicago's &quot;only truly independent boutique hotel.&quot; What that means for most travelers is irrelevant. And it should be.When one stays at a hotel, three basic criteria should be met:1) the room is clean2) the room is quiet and safe3) everything in the room should be in working order.The Whitehall is clean. But the service is lacking in many ways.The noise from hallway activity and other room doors closing is easily audible in the hotel room. Nothing seemed to be in working order. But, things were promptly fixed.I stayed at the Whitehall four nights and just checked out. I am now across the street at the Four Seasons, as a colleague allowed me to use the business center at the hotel there. They have complimentary computer access. The Whitehall does not.The Four Seasons also has nice little amenities, like complimentary drinks in the lobby, bottled water at the front door, and stuff that makes you truly feel welcome. The staff is friendly and helpful.At the Whitehall, there are no in-room coffee makers but coffee service from 7-10am. There are no ice makers but room service will gladly bring you a full bucket of ice. The staff is friendly, but at some points in my stay of little use.One person in my party who got a room on the ninth floor moved to a room on the 8th floor because the heater/cooler/air vent box had a pinging noise that wouldn't stop. Also, the bathroom smelled like a nursing home. Even the bell captain who came in to assist in her room move put his fingers up to his nose.My room was fine. The furniture is a little worn, but perhaps that is what &quot;boutique hotel&quot; is all about. My clock radio was broken, so that when you went to set the alarm the time kept winding backward. I called the front desk, and a Spanish-speaking housekeeper promply came up to my room and replaced the radio with a new model. She also volunteered to set the clock and the alarm, but she could not understand the Engish directions so I stepped in (I am bilingual).Later, I learned that my phone in the bathroom did not work properly, the cordless desk phone was inoperable, the knob for the bathroom vent was broken and that the colour settings of my television were off and there was no way to fix them.I told the front desk about all of this on Friday at about 10:30am, when a package that had been sent overnight via FedEx from Miami on Thursday morning should have arrived. It was urgent, as my convention sessions were rapidly coming to a midday end, and I needed it. Fast.I waited about 20 minutes for Heather at the front desk to track down the person that takes care of packages that are sent to guests. After 20 minutes, I was told no package was there. Frustrated, I ran back to the Drake, where I was certain things like this didn't happen.But the Drake wanted me to spend about $269 a night plus tax for a room. The Whitehall, with tax, was $160 a night.For that price, this hotel - even with the little things that mean a lot to those that travel extensively noticeably absent - is a true value. It's in the heart of the Gold Coast, literally steps away from the John Hancock Tower and the Magnificent Mile. For the price, you won't be beat. If it's first-class service you are looking for, go elsewhere. Just be sure your electricity is in proper working order. At about 10pm last night the woman in room 1110 came back to find that none of the lights would turn on in her room. Nice, huh?On a post-script, upon checkout an hour ago I was asked if I received the FedEx package that arrived on Friday. I was astonished. NO!!! It seems it came in at about 1pm - just as my convention was ending. The front-desk receptionist said a text message was left on my hotel room phone.OK - this makes no sense. How many hotel room phones have text messaging capabilities? And, if so, shouldn't there be a blinking message-waiting light on the phones - or at least one of the three phones in my room?I don't know when I will be back in Chicago again, but another colleague spent about $40 more to stay at the Hilton Suites. I can at least get HiltonHonors points there and the assurance that I will certainly get what I pay for and that &quot;little something extra&quot; that does not exist at the Whitehall.	
Apr 11 2007	Whitehall is ok...but I wouldnt come back	The best thing about this hotel is its location. Just 2 mininutes walk from Magnificient Mile for those who love shopping...and few blocks from downtown Chicago. The hotel room itself is ok, nothing special. We got a room right across from an evalator so it was quite noisy in the early morning. The hotel used to be a luxury apartment so the wall between rooms is a bit thin. I could hear water pouring when the neighbour taking shower in the morning. The air conditioning was not working properly the second night so we got trouble sleeping. The staffs here are nice and helpful. I was actually about to book Hotel Club Monoco for this trip. I got a discount rate for Whitehall so I went with it. However, I should have gone with Hotel Monaco since I have read a lot of good feedback about it...No matter what, I had a great time in Chicago. Love the city....Definitely come back again and stay longer...:)	
Mar 18 2007 	Home away from home	We stayed at the Whitehall this past weekend, and felt at home in this European-style boutique hotel. One of the highlights for us was that, from the moment we entered until we departed, the staff was extremely friendly and helpful! I tend to be somewhat fussy about rooms, and like to view several rooms before selecting the one I want. The staff was very helpful and accommodating. Although the views are not amazing, one has to consider the location - which is west of Michigan Blvd. Our room overlooked part of Michigan Avenue, including the Water Tower Place and the John Hancock Building - pretty nice!I saw two kinds of rooms. One was a bit standard. But, the one we chose to stay in had a wonderful four poster bed, was a nice size and had a very pretty (albeit small) bathroom. Also, there was a plate of chocolates on the marble table which greeted us when we entered. It was the first time we ever slept in a feather bed - very luxurious! And the sheets were very soft.Connected to the hotel is an Italian/Asian restaurant. We enjoyed our lunch there - it had a European ambience. The restaurant has a bar and really comfy adjoining lounge, with lots of sofas and chairs where the staff serves drinks and light fare. But, I think that smoking is permitted in the lounge. A couple of downsides - 1. instead of having ice machines on the floors, the hotel instructs guests to contact room service for ice. It took quite a while for the ice to arrive. 2. The hotel is old.	
Mar 4 2007	Won't Stay There Again	We usually stay at the Ritz Carleton when in Chicago, but it was full for a recent stay in February 2007, so our agent recommended the Whitehall. We noted the Whitehall website comments about a luxury, boutique hotel that had been recently rennovated, and thought we had made a good alternate choice. My first reservations came when I entered the lobby and noticed that the reception desk appeared rather shabby (to me, anyway). But, the staff were pleasant and we (and our luggage) were moved quickly to our room. I had paid for a deluxe room, and was surprised that it was rather small. I was also surprised at the state of the room. The furniture appeared dusty/worn, a leather chair was worn and cracked, the sash of one of the curtains was ripped and hanging loose, wallpaper was stained and torn by the window, the in-room safe didn't work, the closet door came off the track when we opened it, there was food debris next to the couch. Our window had a view of an alley. Not my idea of deluxe.The room was extemely hot when we arrived. Playing with the thermometer accomplished nothing. We called the front desk and they sent an engineer. He said the steam could be on or off - nothing in between. We chose to be cold rather than roast. The problem was that one of the (single pane) windows was leaking cold air. We shut the curtains as tightly as we could, but it got pretty cold.The bath room was small, but reasonably well decorated and fairly clean, with the exception of some major stains in the ceiling above the shower. I did notice an oddity - the control for hot and cold wather for the tub appeared to be reveresed. When you moved the control to cold you got hot, and visa versa. When showering, had to keep that carefully in mind.We went to bed rather late our first night, but were awakened at 6:45 AM by a garbage truck that spent about 20 minutes banging outside our window. What with the window leaking air as it was, the sound penetrated so the truck might as well have been in the room with us. We called the front desk and the staff person said he'd go out and talk to the truck driver. Whatever happened, the noise went on for some minutes. We tried to get back to sleep, but were wakened by out 7:45 AM wake-up call. The only problem is that we hadn't asked for a wake-up call.We then noticed that we had a message light blinking on our phone. We tried pressing the message button, but got a voice telling us to leave a message. We called the front desk, and the person said she'd have to send someone up to look at our phone. We said forget it. We decided to order room service. I tried to order a couple of items on the menu. The room service operator had me wait 3-4 minutes, then told me they were out of the items. We ordered eggs and hash. The room service came with no knife, no salt/pepper (which the hash needed) and no napkins. Pretty sad.The next evening, we decided to watch TV in bed. It was then we noticed a major stain on our sheet (the sheets were a bit flimsy for a &quot;deluxe&quot; accommodation). The TV was also in disrepair such that strawberries in an ad looked brown. We had also noticed earlier that the LED display on the bedside clock was partially burned out so it was hard to determine the time. I had never stayed at the Whitehall before, so I cannot comment whether the hotel is going into decay, or has been second rate for a long period of time. I will say, considering that I paid more for the Whitehall room that I would have if I had been able to get into the Ritz Carleton, I feel I did not get anthing close to an acceptable value. About the only thing I can say is that the staff were pleasant to us, and the hotel location is good. But, nothing could lure me back to the Whitehall for another stay.	
Mar 4 2007 	Outstanding Service	The staff at the Whitehall could not be better. When I phoned to inquire about operable windows, the reservations agent took the time to find someone who could unequivocally confirm that I would be able to open my window.The room was immaculate and the furnishings were very tasteful. Everything worked properly. The bar looks charming, though I did not have time to check it out. The overall location is excellent, just steps from North Michigan Avenue on a relatively quiet street. Only one downside, and this isn't a deal-killer: the corridors look a bit weary--the paint needs touching up.	
Jan 24 2007 	Ok.. Expected more	We booked our travel last minute (the night before). We read a couple of reviews on this hotel and figured we'd give it a try. My fiance and I were packing all night and landed in Chicago and found out our luggage was still in Atlanta. We decided to not let it ruin our vacation and went to check into the hotel. Needless to say we were exhausted. At twelve noon they said they were still cleaning our room that check in was not until three. We decided to go have lunch (dressed in our Miami clothes with a sweater on top). Front desk told us they would be able to check us in when we returned from lunch. We arrived back at the hotel at 145 and our room was still not ready. We told the women and the gentleman in front desk that we were exhausted and would be sitting on the couch in the lobby waiting for them to call us. &quot;No problem I will let you know as soon as your room is available. We know you have been travelling all day.&quot;I logged on to my laptop as my fiance fell asleep on the couch. At 330 I realized time had flown by and I returned to front desk. I asked it our room was available yet and the response was &quot;Oh yes ma'am it's been available for sometime now.&quot; I was shocked. How could you not see us there waiting and my fiance sleeping from packing all night?I found that front desk was not very helpfull our whole trip. I do have to say that the concierge was great and so were the door men. The room was standard, but the bathroom needed some major mold cleaning. Also, the water coming out of the shower was either zero below or 1000 degrees. There was no happy medium. I don't think I will ever return to this hotel again because there were many other hotels in the same region that had more or less the same price and I'm sure would provide us with better customer service.BTW our luggage arrived in the hotel at 7pm.	
Jan 6 2007 	VERY disappointing...substandard.	I live in the Chicago area &amp; had a very good friend visiting from CA for a weekend, so we decided to stay downtown for a few nights &amp; enjoy the city. We wanted to stay near MI Ave. shopping, but to save $ for shopping, spas &amp; dining, so decided to stay at the Whitehall instead of 4 Seasons, Peninsula, Ritz, etc. Based on our experience, I would absolutely NOT recommend staying at the Whitehall for the following reasons:1. We were promised a non-smoking room with 2 beds. When we were shown to our room, it absolutely reeked of smoke the minute you opened the door and we immediately asked to move. 2.The only room available had one bed, which was not preferable, but we were willing to deal with that. However, once we started getting settled, it was apparent that the bed had NOT been changed from the previous guest, nor had the room been cleaned. There was even still personal food items in the minibar. YUCK! There were no other rooms available at that time, so they did send up a crew at that time to clean it (who were very pleasant &amp; apologetic....though see below about makeup bag!). We were in a rush to get to dinner, so left them there cleaning, and the room was fine when we got back.3. The next morning, I realized that I could not find my makeup bag, filled with at least $250 worth of expensive cosmetics), which I had left out when getting settled. I thought that perhaps I had left it at home, but when I got home, it was not there. When I called to see if it had been found, my call was never returned. My only conclusion is that the crew who cleaned the room as were were leaving to go to dinner took it.4. They ran out hot water in the showers after about 5 minutes &amp; this was one of the coldest weekends of the year...5-10 degrees out! Brrr....thank God we had spa appts. &amp; showered there.5. When we checked out &amp; reported these problems, the staff was not apologetic, not were they willing (or, according to them, sanctioned) to give us any kind of compensation, in fact, told us the room we were in was NICER than the one we had reserved and/or had a higher rate. WHAT?! We did manage to get the same rate, so we could get out of there. I also overheard several other guests complaining about the cold water, broken faucets, etc. My friend was in a hurry to get to the airport, so we didn't push it any further, but if we hadn't been in a time crunch, I would have spoken to the manager. Instead, I am (finally) speaking to you--the consumer!6. When I wrote an email about my experience to the hotel management I never received any response. Not surprising, but was the final push in deciding to post this review.My only conclusion is that the Whitehall has gone WAY downhill in recent years, they do not care about customer service, and I would absolutely never stay there again or recommend it to out of town guests. If you are looking for a small hotel in the are when you are planning to visit Chicago, go elsewhere! Calling it a &quot;boutique&quot; or &quot;luxury&quot; hotel is absoultey laughable. I have had better experiences at highway motels!!! Good luck!	
Dec 29 2006	A gem!	I have stayed here at least 5 times and it keeps getting better! This is a very nice smallish hotel on Delaware between Michigan Ave and Rush St.. The rooms are very pleasant, although some in the new decor are on the dark side. The bathrooms are attractively tiled, the beds are very comfortable. The staff is pleasant and friendly throughout. Location is perfect - a two minute walk from busy Michigan Ave and across the street from the Four Seasons Hotel. The restauarant went through a change in the last year or so and although the food is very good, the service at breakfast is excruciatingly slow! The wait staff just seems to fall all over each other and not know what to do. There are two small elevators which cause some people to mutter, but I never felt inconvenienced. This hotel is an excellent choice in Chicago and you will not have to mortgage your house to stay here!	
Dec 11 2006 	Good location	We stay there this past weekend for a holiday getaway. We had a pinacle king room or a junior suite. This place needs some updating. The lighting is horriable and no table to enjoy meals brought in. It had only one sink in the bathroom area and the heating unit sounded like it was going to fall off the wall. The staff was nice and the restaurant was great and ended up eating two nights there. It was the holdays and the whole town was busy so things were hectic all over. But the Whitehall could use a little update. Oh the view for our junior suite was over the garbage area and when the trucks came at 5AM woke us up. Not a nice touch.	
Dec 11 2006 	Smoky and a bit shabby great location nice linens	Sadly, this hotel is somewhat overrated. I was expecting a nice, smaller, elegant boutique hotel. Unfortunately, this property smells of cigarette smoke and was somewhat shabby. We checked in on a Thursday evening. We were given a room on the 12th floor that can only be described as one step above flea-bag. The paint was peeling off the walls, the furniture was battered, the carpet was dirty, the bathroom was out of the 60's or 70's and dirty with burned out light bulbs. The entire room reeked of must, mildew, and cigarette smoke. The windows were frozen shut. When we pointed that out to the bellman and asked if he could open them, he shrugged and did nothing. The next morning the smell was so bad that we asked to be moved to a new room. We were then informed that the entire 12th floor was smoking. We had never been asked (either when booking the room or at check-in) if we preferred smoking or non (we are both non-smokers). We were told that our luggage would be moved to a new room while we were out that day. We returned to the hotel that evening and nothing had been moved. We were then given a new room which seemed out of a different hotel - clean and nice with a remodeled bathroom. It was 1000 times better. The linens and beds are very nice. I do agree with previous guests that the hallway carpeting is beyond shabby and stained. Also, the cigarette smoke smell tends to creep up and down the elevator shafts and you can still smell the smoke on non-smoking floors pretty strongly, even in the rooms. Avoid this hotel if you can't stand cigarette smoke. Unfortunately, none of the staff were very helpful. This hotel has a great location and could be a real gem with some effort.	
Nov 23 2006 	Descending into Shabbiness	We picked the Whitehall because friends had raved how elegant it was. Unfortunately, that was some years ago and our experience suggests that the Whitehall is descending into shabbiness. Exiting the elevator on our floor, the wallpaper was beginning to peel from the walls and the carpet was deeply stained--downright grungy. Rooms tend to be small in this part of town, but there was no excuse for the dirty bedskirt. It was obvious that some prior guests had stained it with their shoes, there being little leg room if you sit in the chair to try to watch TV. The TV, by the way, was an old Zenith on its last legs, the picture alternating from red to purple.In the bathroom, the ceiling above the shower had numerous dark brown water stains. Rings upon rings of water stains. Disgusting! Forget about taking a bath. The stopper mechanism had been removed and there was no plug or stopper or any kind.Though the Whitehall touted its 24 hour room service on check-in, when we called at 8:30 pm, there was no answer.Though the bed ws comfortable, we left feeling that this hotel was definitely past its prime. We won't be back. There's plenty of competition within a few block radius.	
Oct 30 2006	Overbooked	I don't understand how a hotel plans to make a good impression on its clientele if when you arrive they tell you - &quot;Sorry, we overbooked so we will need to send you to another hotel.&quot; May I also say that I booked the room at normal price - $350/night - and this fact still didn't guarantee me a room. Very poor planning by a, supposedly, 4-5 star hotel. Then they think I will simply forget about the problem and come back the next day when they have room available. Sorry guys, you just lost my business forever. Good luck to you.	
Oct 26 2006 	Great location so-so service	Stayed in this hotel for one night before the Chicago Marathon. Room was nice, recently updated with a really nice bathroom. It was small, but not too bad. The front desk help seemed to be clueless about the marathon and had no coffee available until 7:00 am (we had to be there at 7:00). They suggested that we could pay for a breakfast buffet just to get coffee. We found a coffee shop down the street. We asked for a late check out and were told it would cost $50. It is a pretty nice hotel, and you can't judge it completely by a marathon weekend, but I probably would stay somewhere different next time. It does have a great location and I have no complaints about the rooms, but the service was pretty unfriendly and unaccommodating.	
Oct 25 2006 	Service not as nice as the bedding	We also had a negative check-in experience, which included adminshments not to check out early, not to do this, not to do that. The service continued to be a negative factor in our stay. Housecleaning was in our room when we came back for a pre-theater break at 4:30PM; our tub backed up after one shower on the first morning and it took about 30 min before someone would even come and do a partial job before leaving to &quot;go to a meeting.&quot; We weren't able to check out 30 minutes later than the stated time, which would have made it much easier to get to the train station. The room itself did make up for some of this - the beds are very comfortable, there were two suitcase racks, comfy terrycloth robes and a nice view of Michigan Ave (and a little Lake Michigan). We thought the location was perfect for the shopping we wanted to do, and it was walking distance to the two restaurants we'd wanted to eat at.We were told by a cab driver that this was the hotel Michael Jordan used to stay at - maybe they tell this to all the tourists, but I'm pretty sure Jordan could do better (as could anyone).	
Oct 3 2006	going downhill fast!	Hotel was looking shabby. Non-smoking room smelled badly of cigarette smoke. When we left early because of the smoke odors, they tried to collect a cancellation fee for early departure. Don't pay it! I didn't and they backed off. Staff was not very helpful and corridor noise was horrendous. This once lovely old property has clearly fallen on hard times	
Sep 17 2006	Quaint little oasis in the mist of a bustling Chicago	I booked a room using [---] for my daughter and myself and we stayed 5 days over the Labor Day weekend. We booked a hotel/air package.I called from the airport as we were leaving to check to make sure they were expecting us and talked with a very NEGATIVE lady! I asked if we could have a queen or king if not two double beds and she told me that since we booked through an internet website ( arrogance in her voice) we would be supplied with a double!! She was very short with me. As I was telling her that was fine and we'd make do, she transfered me to the front desk. I told the gentleman, that I'd just called to make sure we had a room and had just inquired about beds and had been informed that there was NO way we could change from a double to a queen, king or two doubles and that was FINE. No problem. I was really not upset about it UNTIL the lady was so rude to me. Anyway, be that as it may, we did have a very postive experience at the Whitehall. Freddie, who greeted us at the front desk is THE PERFECT representative for a hotel!! I apoligized for the misunderstanding and told him a double would be fine to which he agreed that we'd be more comfortable with more space and presented us with a king room! I have to say, his generosity and graciousness, along with the friendliness of the staff is what any hotel should strive for in order to add that extra touch often missing in the larger nonpersonal &quot;super-mega&quot; hotels.We stayed on the 8th floor. Unlike a previous review, we didn't have hardwood floors but carpeting. The bath and bed were spotless! I said before in other reviews that I love the covered comforter and the white bedding. You know you're in a clean bed because it's a little hard to mask spots on white linens.The furniture in the room was a bit worn but tasteful and the hallway carpet needs to be replaced. Having said that, I need to agree with my daughter that I'm glad the hotel took care of the most important things to renovate first, like the bath and beds. I can live with the other. There are no ice machines but the hotel provides ice which is complimentary (when you call room service ). We didn't use this service but I'm sure if used, a small tip would be appropriate. We did take advantage of the free coffee and tea in the lobby each morning. It was brewed perfectly. They offer REAL cream and not creamer which was a nice touch.There are only two elevators but we were there during the Labor Day weekend with an abundance of guests and we only had to wait a couple of times with the elevator being full and it returned to our floor within a few minutes. The location of this hotel is one of it's best selling points. It's a half block from Michigan Avenue and half block from Rush Street. You can walk everywhere from here if you're a walker and if not, there are cabs and transportation right out the door. This little hotel is unique. I hate hotels that are so large, you feel like you're lost on a cruise ship! This hotel isn't for everyone. It's older, therefore historical which is just another reason I love it. It's not lush, but is tasteful with a bit of European charm thrown in. The rooms aren't memorable but the beds are spotless and clean as well as the bathrooms. Our sink had a small back up problem in the mornings when everyone was using the plumbing but it eventually drained after a few minutes. You couldn't ask for a better or friendlier staff. Also, my daugther and I had a man follow us into the hotel and into the elevator and before we figured out what he was doing, he followed us out of the elevator. The moment we stepped out of the elevator, I put it all together and as the doors were closing I told the man on the elevator. He called the security. Also there was a maid on our floor and we told her as she was standing near our door. I had already confronted the man and she did too and told him he needed to leave if he wasn't a guest. The security were there within minutes to deal with this man and talked with us in order to make a report . We should have been more aware of our surroundings and I hadn't realized that he'd been trying to touch my daughter on the elevator! If I'd known, I'd never have gotten off and would have stayed on with the other guests ( a man and his wife) and reported it with them. (safety in numbers) This could have ruined our stay but didn't as it was handled very professionally and quickly and we felt safe and stayed more aware for the rest of our stay.	
Sep 9 2006 	Location Location Location	We loved the Whitehall hotel. The beds were so comfortable I had a difficult time getting my family motivated to get up and explore. The service and staff were excellent. I'd stay there again! If you're looking for historic charm (built in 1928, recently renovated), this is the hotel for you. Our room had hardwood floors and feather beds. And most important, they welcomed my 9-yr-old. The location is perfect for sightseeing Chicago. The Hancock Observatory is practically across the street. Famous restaurants, shopping, etc. are in walking distance Taxi's line the street waiting to take you where you need to go. Or, there is a subway two blocks away. Going to the game at Wrigley field was very easy.NOTE: If you have two or more in your group, I would recommend taking a taxi to and from the airport versus a shuttle.	
Sep 3 2006 	Very Accomodating accomodations!	Called the hotel before we stayed here and request a room on the higher floors (non smoking only goes to 11th floor). They accomodated. Our room on the 10th floor(1012) had very new surfaces in entire room. Yes, a few stains in the hallway carpet, but this place is Busy, and it was not that bad. Our reservation was posted to them on the Wrong date by &quot;Last Minute Travel&quot;, so be sure to print out and take your receipt. We did, and Freddie, at the front desk ,did a great job getting us in, no matter what it said in the computer. For our Entire stay, Freddie was a wealth of help, information and friendly service, as was Everyone at this hotel! Our room had no view, but everything else was perfect, and the bed was Heavenly! Maid service was good, as well. No vending in the hotel, so go to the small uptown grocery stores and quick stops near the hotel for drinks and snacks. They will bring ice to your room and were very prompt ; we tipped 2 dollars-very worth it! Concierge Ron found us an awesome place to eat a special dinner out, and took it upon himself to tell them of our honeymoon at Spiaggia, and we got extra special treatment there too. Location of this hotel is Prime to shopping, sights and eateries, too. (You HAVE to go to Sarah's bakery off of Rush street, about a 2 block walk from the hotel! :) Doormen and bellmen were friendly and helpful at All times, and we agreed we would definitely stay here again, as we encountered NO problems of any kind at the Whitehall; just a great group of people who went out of their way to make our stay a Pleasure, in a very nice place!	
Aug 24 2006 	Great Hotel in great location	We stayed for 5 nights at the Whitehall Hotel and was a little aprehensive having read some of the previous reviews, but was presently surprised. The hotel is in a great / safe location, 2 mins walk from the Hancock Tower (go for cocktails in the Signature Lounge) and the magnificant mile shops and restaurants. The room was perfect for our needs, as we spend little time in the room. It was spotlessly clean and the bed was extremely comfortable. We had a room right across from the lift but at no point was noise a problem.All of the staff were very friendly, helpful and approachable and we felt very welcome.There is free tea and coffee available in a morning near the lobby which is handy as their are no coffee making facilities in the room A metro stop is 5 minutes walk from the hotel and you can travel all over the city for $2 a trip which we used to get to and from the airport and to the baseball.Chicago is a great city and i would have no hesitation in using this hotel again on future visits.	
Jul 25 2006 	Welcoming	I took my 6 year old daughter to Chicago for a 2 night stay, and I picked the Whitehall using this site and reviews. The location, as mentioned, is PERFECT for shopping (American Girl Place especially)! It is an older hotel, so don't expect modern, and I didn't. We were both greeted warmly and welcomingly EACH time we entered the doors. The doorman opened the doors for us EACH time, and said, &quot;welcome back.&quot; I liked that touch, and my daughter felt like a princess. The price can't be beat for the location. I do agree that the ceiling in my bathroom was a little worn down, but I just didn't look up :) I would stay here again!	
Jul 18 2006	Can't beat the location!	I stayed in Chicago for 2 nights mainly just for siteseeing &amp; a relaxing weekend. I am a student and am on a tight budget so I was looking for a hotel that was cheap but in the metro area. If you've been in my position before you know its a hard thing to find. But the Whitehall Hotel does offer a PRIME location for it's price. In the heart of the Magnificant Mile, its walking distance to all the great stores, water tower, Hancock Building and even The Loop. The staff is very friendly and ready to help. The room I god was a bit small, but it was only for me so I didn't mind. If you have a bigger group I wouldnt recommend it. The bed, however, was INCREDIBLE soft and comfortable. Loved it!The view wasn't spectacular but I wasnt staying there for the view anyhow. I think my only complaint would be that I was charged a $50 fee to use their internet jsut to &quot;verify&quot; my credit card even though I was already being $10 per 24 hour period to use it. When I questioned the front desk about this they said it was only verification and wouldnt come out of my checking account, however, it did and I had to contact their accounting office several times to get it resolved. Other then that it was a fantastic stay	
Jul 5 2006	Wow! This place is Wonderful!!!	We booked the Whitehall Hotel for July 1st -- just a one night stay in Chicago -- to go watch my daughter and her boyfriend skydive at the nearby Chicagoland Skydiving Club. Because I got a FABULOUS price ($128) via LastMinuteTravel[--], I figured we'd get an interior room on a lower floor. However, we could not have been MORE PLEASED!!!! We got a corner room on the very top floor overlooking Lake Michigan. It had a huge bay window with a window seat on one side of the room and a smaller window facing the lake and Michigan Avenue on the other side. The beds were just like the &quot;Heavenly Beds&quot; at the Westin. They had feather beds on top of the mattresses with down comforters and down pillows on top of that. VERY COMFORTABLE. The decor was absolutely beautiful -- rather old European style with dark ornate woodwork. The bathroom was small but impeccably clean and well-decorated. The only &quot;problem&quot; if you want to call it that was not really a problem at all, because of the considerate way that management handled it. When we first arrived, the air conditioner was not working in our room and they were in the process of replacing it. They allowed us to bring all of our belongings up to the room at check-in time, but we did not want to be in the repairman's way, so my daughters and I took off to do some shopping on Michigan Avenue, while my husband went down to the restuarant on the first floor to grab a bite to eat. When he had finished eating, he was told that there would be no charge for his food because of the problem with the air conditioner -- That was a very pleasant surprise!!! The air conditioner was replaced and running perfectly by the time we got back to the room. We would DEFINITELY stay here again! Great location, great hotel, great rooms, great staff. They rate an A+++++. Definitely top-notch. It can't get much better than this!!!	
Jun 21 2006	Comfortable and clean	After reading mixed reviews on here for this hotel, I arrived with some trepidation, especially as my job involved staying in a lot of hotels, so my standrads are quite high.However, I was pleasantly surprised - maybe I just got lucky with my room. After a very long journey from London, I was sooo ready for a shower and a lie down. The staff who greeted me were pleasant and helpful and I was checked in fairly quickly. The initial impression of the Reception area was that it was calm, elegant and nicely decorated.The room itself was perfect for my needs - a lovely big bed with a plump quilt and pillows. the bathroom was clean and the shower most welcoming. I slept very well in that bed.Although it describes itself as a boutique hotel, it doesn't quite follow the definition as it is in Europe and other parts of the world, and as I see it - boutique to me is minimalist lines, neutral colours, very modern / contemporary, little fuss. However, i would still describe this a more luxurious hotel, has its own style and is comfortable.The location - well, it's 2 mins walk from The Magnificent Mile, so nothing wrong with that!	
May 31 2006 	Little slice of Hell...	After staying at the Whitehall, I have to laugh at the comment below that described the Whitehall as a &quot;little slice of heaven.&quot; Clearly, we stayed at different hotels. I ended up at the Whitehall thanks to a great Priceline rate for a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel (really, really cheap and so not worth it). The rooms are dirty and small. Carpets are badly stained. The rooms smell. The showers are falling apart. The TV doesn't work properly. The staff is snooty to the max.This is truly a bad hotel. Really, really bad.Location is amazingly good, but that's not the hotel's accomplishment.	
May 7 2006	Poor service shabby room	Arrived to find our room was not the double we had requested. Front desk staff rectified the problem but commented rudely that if we had made reservations directly through the hotel we would not have run into the problem. Room was subpar at best. Mold growing on ceiling over bed where there had been a water leak. Bathroom had cracked tiles, dented and scuffed wood work, swivel mirror falling off wall and stained tub. Plumbing was antiquated along with the electrical fixtures. Poor lighting in room and bathroom. Had to screw the light bulb into the socket of table lamp to get it to work. Curtains were partially off the rod. We rehung. Furniture was old and laminate was peeling. Our complaint to the manager via email and snail mail after our visit delivered no satisfaction. He did call and offer a free stay but that was the last we heard from him. Never received anything in the mail. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Apr 14 2006	White Hall Inn	We stayed at the White Hall Inn and had problems with the AC, plumbing issues that I would liken to Old Faithful and our friends who were booked for a king size bed got a full size. While at breakfast, we overheard several other guests complain about similar problems. Management refused to do anything other than comp the breakfast, which they did a lot that morning.	
Apr 8 2006	Prime location excellent price	We stayed last week at the Whitehall Hotel. We liked it we had one of the refurnished bathrooms and the room was pleasant. The best about this hotel is the location. Right in front of the four seasons hotel, 1/2 a block from the magnificent mile, you can't dream of a better spot for such a price.	
Mar 24 2006	Very smart hotel	Just arrived back from a five day trip to Chicago, while there we stayed at the Whitehall. First of all the location was excellent, fifty yards from Michigan Ave and a very short walk up towards Division street where there were a host of pubs and restaurants. On checking in to the Hotel we were greeted by a lovely receptionist who by a stroke of luck was married to a scotsman, therefore she could understand our dulcit tones. We were placed on the 12th floor looking on to East Delaware, not much of a view but we spend very little time in the room anyway. The room was massive with a huge bed, impeccably decorated and laid out, it had all the hallmarks of a very upmarket hotel but not at the same prices. We also never heard a sound from any other guest rooms, (maybe they were empty), also the complimentary coffee in the morning has a refreshing touch. The concierge went out of his way a few times to help us out, he even phoned one of his contacts to get us to the airport, same price but smarter car with loads of room. To sum up a very good choice of hotel with an excellent location with great helpful staff, will be going back next summer, the concierge has told me to e-mail him directly and he will see me allright with room rates. Cant ask for anything better.	
Jan 2 2006	Staff is great property OK	Stayed at the Whitehall just after the new year. Staff was all very helpful and friendly. Virgina and Julia were both cheerful and went out of their ways to help out with recomedations, because their was no concierge available. Unfortunately, my chats with the front desk staff was frequently interrupted by ringing phones. I travel quite a bit, and have never witnessed anything quite like this. Shouldn't an operator or other employee be in charge of answering phones? The girls at the desk were swamped with reservation calls, and even room service orders at times! With that much going no one gets the attention they deserve. While the staff of the Whitehall is great, their understaffing puts everyone, guests and employees alike, in a poor situtation. I must say there are aspects of the hotel that are charming and it couldn't be in a better location, it does not under any circumstances live up to the somewhat &quot;overly-glowing&quot; reviews. I was treated well and hotel was average and old. I did not feel like a celebrity! I was not Lapping up all the Luxury! Not sure if you have to tip like a mad man or work for the hotel's sales team to be able to write a review like that, but in any event, the hotel is fine, but their best feature, their staff, are over worked and under appreciated. I will most likely stay elsewhere.	
Dec 22 2005	Chicago's Pristine Gem	Luxury Hotel is an absolute understatement when it comes to this little slice of heaven nestled downtown in the heart of the Windy City. The Whitehall Hotel is a gleaming paragon that outshines its competition with ease. Being a travel agent, I know what to look for and what to expect from a luxury property and they have never fallen short, they have always gone above and beyond to meet not only my own needs when I visit, but the needs of every client I've sent there... and I send a lot of clients to the Whitehall. From the ground up, every guest is treated like a Donald Trump or Bill Gates. You can't ask for a better concierge, and I dare anyone in the field to find better room service.The fitness center is also superb. The valets are curtious and quick without hazard. I recommend this property regularly to clients as its charm consistently and steadily speaks for itself.	
Nov 21 2005	Nice place	We had a Gold Coast package which included parking and breakfast and a room on the 14th floor with a partial view of the lake. The hotel caters to business people but we were there for a vacation. The hotel was quiet and the bed was extremely comfortable. The only quibble we had was with the heat---I suspect it's controlled from the the front desk even though they made a big deal about how we had our own thermostat (it never responded unless I called the front desk --- it was November and would get cold in the room). It's within easy walking distance from the Visitor Information Center and the bus lines. The hotel staff was very helpful and the onsite restaurant/bar was fine for breakfast or lunch.	
Nov 21 2005	Tired and Overrated	The Whitehall advertizes itself as once being Chicago's premier hotel. Unfortunately, those days are long gone. Although the bar and lobby faintly echo lost days of glory, the halls were dirty and smelled stale, the rooms had damaged furniture, the bathrooms are tiny and dark. Worse, the manager was surly and the persons who parked our vehicle were careless with items stored in the vehicle. It appeared that it was given the &quot;Ferris Bueller&quot; treatment. We stay in Chicago frequently, and this is one place we will not revisit.	
Nov 18 2005 	Felt like coming home	I travel to Chicago quite often for business and I love this hotel.I alwasy feel at home here and comfortable.Ask for the Delaware Suite it is great and very warm and inviting.The bar and pizza oven next door are great and the dark wood adds to the feeling of comfort.This will be the only place I stay when in town and I have stayed at all the high end hotels.	
Nov 12 2005 	a classic that needs renovation	This is a lovely old hotel, but one that badly needs renovation to regain a luxury status. The furniture is worn, the bathrooms outdated. The concierge is knowledgeable. The staff is courteous. The location is ideal. If spruced up, this would be a first-rate choice. A New Yorker	
Oct 15 2005 	30 minutes in this hotel is enough!	I stayed at this hotel last week on business. We stayed for exactly 30minutes! After a flight from london a boutique hotel, endorsed by leading hotels of the world sounded great. Here are 5 reasons NOT to go to the Whitehall Hotel:1. Musty, dirty hotel.2. Dirty, Bathrooms with taps etc that come off in your hand.3. Piles of dirty bedsheets inthe corridors outside your door.4. Worn carpets, yellowing walls surfaces and dust everywhere.5. The rudest and most discurteous hotel manager I have every come accrossEscaping is not an option unlike your other reviewers we had to bargin our way out at $100 each! The four seasons accross the road where we moved to found this incredulous and were fantastic, we got a suite each for just $20 more. That is service! I know where I will revisit in future.	
Sep 22 2005	Very Impressed	Read some of your reviews before chosing the Whitehall. Like anything else they ranged from excellent to poor. We were favorably impressed. Location excellent. Desk and maid service excellent. Hotel staff, including Concerige excellent. We certainly found out stay to be comfortable and enjoyable.	
Aug 30 2005	We were very disappointed!	we reserved several weeks ahead and requested a quiet location. We were placed in a corner room with large fans from adjacent buildings below on both sides of the room. The room sounded like being next to a freeway all night. The room was very tired in appearance. There is a safe in the room that would not close. The bathroom turned out to need a lot of cleaning and repairs. The shower grout was black in several areas, the ceiling over part of the shower area was peeling, there was no stopper to take a bath. The dressing mirror would not stay in place. The location is good, but the hotel needs refurbishing, and to honor clients requests when placing them into a room.We were offered a different room and declined. We cancelled the balance of our stay and the staff wanted to charge us a cancellation fee. The manager was called and there was no cancellation fee.We then moved to a lovely hotel a block away at a simular rate.	
Aug 29 2005	Great Location - Needs Updating	The Whitehall has a solid reputation for service, location and amenities. I agree with the service - it was EXCELLENT, from the doorman to the front desk and housekeeping. The location is EXCELLENT - shopping and nightlife within walking distance. Down comforter and pillows a nice touch. However other amenities were a bit on the ragged side - our room had a very slow draining bathtub, dirty carpeting, chipped and worn tile in bathroom, poorly lit powder room, towel ring came off of hand towel holder, and the curtain rod for sheers came out of ceiling when trying to draw drapes. Yikes! Updating definitely needed!!	
Aug 25 2005	Happy Happy Happy	Whitehall was great!!!! If you are super snooty stay home and have your butler make your coffee.I was there on the 20th of Aug. with my older sister and it started out with the Gal at the front dest (@3pm) saying our room wasn't ready. (Super Sweet....she said 10-15 Minutes it would be ready) So instead of throwing a hissie fit, we asked where the hotel bar was. We sat down and my sister asked if we got a free drink because our room was not ready yet? TONY the bar manager at the time said &quot;Well sure you can&quot; So we did.And then we had another because the staff at the lounge bar was so fun and full of info as to where to dine, lunch, dinner, shop, dance, people watch. (Air Show was going on) Now off to the room we went.........Wonderful! We had two double beds and a view of the lake. We lucked out with a corner room!!!!The staff was so sweet to us, and yes they opened doors for us. Remembered our names and where we were from. The key at any Hotel is to treat the staff like you would treat your friends walking into your home. If you treat them extra nice, they will do the same for you. If I had someone come into my home and start complaining about the thread count or the selection of wine I picked out for the night etc, I will apoligize and tend to my other guests with open arms.But here is the deal........I do not have 20+ floors in my home.So I think all of you with bad remarks need to settle down a bit and look at the Whitehall as a great hotel.Tony, Joe, Leo.....Wonderful in the Bar/ReatrauantThe location is wonderful!!!!The doormen are great. We keep our bags there after checking out and it was tip top.So, yes it is Chicago, and there are many hotels to choose from, BUTThe Whitehall does do a wonderful job!!!!!	
Aug 19 2005	The saga begins	Upon arrival we mistook the young man in a hotel uniform as someone who would open the door or help with our luggage. Since this wasn’t the case we lugged our baggage to the unmanned front desk. When the staff member materialized we inquired about dining options. She noted the bar would be shutting down so we’d be better off to go elsewhere or order from the 24 hour room service menu. Tired and hungry we asked if we could order now and have it sent up. No good, we’d have phone from our room.  Minutes later the same woman took our order via phone for a sandwich and a couple of beers, and foam pillows. We were informed, “Dinner would be on the way shortly, however drinks should have been ordered ten minutes ago while the bartender was still on duty.” We decided to raid the mini bar and watch some TV during the wait. Strangely the remote was missing. The uniformed guy reappeared to deliver our sandwiches. When we inquired about the pillows, he performed an enthusiastic search of our empty closet. After concluding the closet was still bare, he helpfully suggested that pillows must have been removed to accommodate another guest since there were none left with housekeeping. Other things to know before you go:-Upon request a special a special remote control that only makes the channel go down can be delivered to your room -Lingering over your first cup of coffee is frowned on; refills stop at 9:45.-Pinnacle King Rooms are average sized with miniature bathrooms-Ice is a precious commodity and can only be distributed by room service-Hailing a taxi is more reliable than counting on the concierge to remember to arrange transportation, even if you are standing right in front of him-The business amenities are great as long as you brought your own machine and don’t need a business center-Request and complaints are met with attitude and sarcasm by the front deskMost importantly we learned walking away is sometimes the best option. For ten dollars more per night the Westin across the street had helpful staff, functional business center, spacious bath, and plenty of pillow options. As a special treat a fully functional remote is supplied with each room.	
Aug 16 2005	Nice - we'd go back	My daughter and I spent Aug. 12 -14 at Whitehall. I called them several days before our check-in and requested a room with a nice view. We got on the 17th floor looking out at another building which was fine. We didn't stay in the room much anyhow inorder to sightsee. The hotel location is great! You can go right down the block to catch the free trolleys or doubledecker buses. Most things are within walking distance. Hancock Observatory is right down the street with great meals at the Cheesecake Factory patio. We also grabbed a quick burger at Johnny Rockets on the other corner from Whitehall. An excellent Italian restaurant called Papa Milanos was a couple of blocks away. The reception girls were pleasant and friendly at Whitehall, as were the doormen, and valets. The room was nice with a double bed, new carpet, and plenty of lights/ lamps. The furniture was quaint and in excellent condition, as was the bed - great sleeping. Mirrors were plentiful - full length on the double sliding closet doors, huge mirror over the desk, and in the bathroom. Drapes were in fine condition, windows were clean. The air conditioner worked great. There were 3 phones - one on the desk, one on the nightstand, and one in the bathroom. The bathroom was large, and very clean, with lovely tile flooring, large vanity, and hairdryer. (The room also had an iron and ironing board.) The concierges were excellent - Ronald and Tim. They didn't rush us and had all the needed maps and info. To get ice, we had to call down to room service. They brought it up within 5 min. The adjoining lounge had a relaxing atmosphere with a piano player and singer. We didn't check out the fitness room - no time. We would stay there again. We had a very pleasant experience with Whitehall Hotel.	
Jul 29 2005	extreme disappointment	I made reservations for one night through (---). I prepaid and rec'd a confirmation notice from the WHITEHALL. After driving from Little Rock, AR to Chicago and arriving at 10pm to check in with my confirmation in hand, I was told by McKenzie at the Whitehall front desk that there was no room for my family. They had a guest extend their stay. She attempted to send us to a 2 star hotel down the street which we drove to in desperation, but wouldn't let my dog spend the night in the hotel she found for us. Therefore we drove back to the Whitehall, again told that there was no room for us, wouldn't refund our money which we pre paid and then she and the night time manager got very rude with us. We had to drive 3o minutes outside of Chicago to find another hotel, we checked in one finally about 1:30pm. The Whitehall staff does not care about the paying customer. I would not recommended staying there to my worst enemy. A good business person would have told the guest requesting a longer stay that there was a pre-paid customer checking in that evening and that the room was needed and they should find alternate lodging, NOT the person arriving at 10pm believing they had a room to stay in.	
Jul 21 2005	Great Location	We got the room for $140 on hotwire for one night. Loved the location. The room was nice sized as was the bathroom. Did not care for the front desk gal at all. Other than that, concierge was helpful in guiding us to the El for a Cubs game. The neighborhood is great too.	
Jul 1 2005	Didn't want to believe it	Our travel agent booked this stay for us, so we hoped we would get one of the better rooms. Not the case. For $269/night, we were shown to a tiny, dingy, musty old room with a window facing a blank wall. The furniture was outdated, and wallpaper tried unsuccessfully to mask a large crack in one wall. The bathroom was not big enough for two people. It really did have old cracked tile on the floor and the shower was mildewed beyond belief! I called the desk clerk immediately and simply said the room was unacceptable and asked for another. She said she would call back in two minutes. After 15 minutes without a reply, I called again; she had forgotten! This time she said we could move to one of their &quot;nicest, recently refurbished rooms on the club level&quot; and when we got there had to believe that The Whitehall just doesn't know any better. The room was larger, with no apparent cracks, and a little view of the city around the corner of a brick ell. However, the dark granite that replaced the old tile in the bathroom didn't quite hide the mildew in the corners, and the furniture was exactly the same as in the first room. One good thing stood out--the beds in both rooms were the same: very comfortable, with luxurious fine linens. We were never offered the club level amenities, but what kept us here for 4 nights was the concierge staff (Tim is exceptional!), the location, and the bed! Take away those three things, and you have an $80/night Best Western with so-so housekeeping. By the way, our friends' room had such lumpy carpeting that it was a trick to negotiate walking; they were shown another room but it wasn't much better. They did, however, have much newer, nicer furniture than ours!	
Jun 28 2005	Poor Reception	Stayed a week in Chicago with a work colleague in June 05. As the hotels were busy had to split the week between the Fairmont (Great!) and the Whitehall. For the Whitehall we originally had 3 days but managed to get an extra day to complete our stay.Whilst staying at the Fairmont we popped along to Whitehall to check out the hotel and that the booking of a twin room for 4 days was OK. Receptionist said they were fully booked but had our booking so no problem.But when we actually came to book in at the Whitehall the receptionist at first denied that we had 4 days booked until we dug out the paperwork to prove it. Then she said we would have to check out of our room the next day with our belongings and check back in again.Then she said there was only a queen bed available. Not wanting to sleep with another man I had to sleep on an uncomfortable rollaway bed. The bathroom was cramp and all the towels were on a rack above the toilet so when you pulled a towel off the facecloths fell down the toilet.After complaining to our booking agency we were told to catch the manager at 7am. Finally she had a twin room for us, so we moved our luggage and went to work.When we returned our new key cards did not work so we had to trail down to reception. At reception they said they had sent another couple to our room who had complained about our luggage in the room. They gave us replacement cards which then did not work the following day.Overall the hotel itself is fine and clean, the doormen great but the reception staff need to get their act together. I do not pay over $200 per night to sleep on a rollaway bed especially when I have gone round to the hotel itself days before to double check everything was OK.	
Jun 26 2005	Boutique cette inconnue.	Somebody should explain the management of this establishment that the qualification of BOUTIQUE stands for &quot;small &amp; sofisticated &quot; , not &quot;small, decrepit , dusty &amp; noisy &quot;. Unfortunately, American people are so fascinated with Europe that tends to accept every forgery of a European Establishment, whether British, Italianate or even French-looking, and be very forgiving of every possible drawback.In fact, this hotel , in a way, peculiarly encompasses the worst of European hotels (small rooms, tiny bathrooms, dingy hallways, crammed elevators, funny receptions, pretentious common areas) with the worst of American establishments (noisy AC, bad food, mediocre toiletries, neighbours having sex at 4 a.m. and rude yobs from the country spending the W.E. in the Big City) .But not all is so depressing : the bed is extremely comfortable, room was clean, the doormen are very friendly and the all-Black-young women frontdesk is crisp , attentive and (to me) exotic. The Bar is indeed very nice.All of this for 239 $ a night. Better somewhere else.	
Jun 21 2005 	Great Hotel Service and Location	We just completed an extremely pleasant stay at the Whitehall Hotel. The Hotel is in a perfect location, the room was wonderful, and the service was great. We never opened a door walking into the hotel, and the concierge was extremely friendly with reservations, and the complimentary limo ride to our restaurant. We had an excellent conversation with the limo driver, Colin, who was very courteous. We will certainly stay at the Whitehall again in the near future!!	
Jun 19 2005	Wonderful Serivce	We had the pleasure of staying at the Whitehall Hotel the weekend of June 10th. Our room was classically dressed, clean and quite large enough for 2 people. Bathroom was roomy as well. What really stood out to us, was the incredible serice EVERYONE on the staff gave. We were always greeted and doors held open for us. The concierge was most helpful with tickets to museums, maps and specific directions for the L &amp; buses. Fornetto Mei was just as wonderful. We will certainly stay again at this old gem of a place!	
Jun 19 2005 	Great Price Great Neighborhood	Stayed at the Whitehall second week in June. Several conventions were in town, and most hotels had raised room rates to full fare -- so the Whitehall at $169 a night was a find. I try to stay away from large corporate style hotels when possible since I find the service and personal touch of smaller hotels more friendly and personal. The Whitehall did not disappoint on any measure. Room was plenty spacious and clean. Staff was very friendly and accomodating. Quirky holdovers from days past include the small elevators and small hallways. No ice machines, but they delivered a bucket on request within a few minutes. Grocery stores, restaurants and transportation all within a short walk. Decent fitness center and complimentary morning coffee/tea made for an altogether excellent stay. Give me a Whitehall over a Hilton any day.	
Jun 6 2005	Way overpriced	I stayed at Whitehall this past weekend- great location, but that's all I can say positive. Room was small and dirty, staff indifferent, toilet broken all weekend (and I did report it), no amenities (e.g. newspaper, coffee maker). Would certainly not stay there again.	
May 28 2005	Know yourself love the Whitehall...	My wife and I just spent 4 days at the Whitehall and we absolutely loved it! We researched the hotel on trip advisor ahead of time, and some of the reviews were admittedly a bit disconcerting. But we read enough &quot;between the lines&quot; of the bad reviews to realize this was probably our place – and it was!The most important thing to know about the Whitehall is that it is a boutique hotel, not a “mega-tel”. It is small, quiet, elegant, and personal. This has to fit your personality or you will be disappointed. Otherwise it's like finding a diamond!Front Desk: All of the counter staff were superior, and they went out of her way to make us feel at home. Shift changes only proved that this service was status quo and every request was handled impeccably.Room: We stayed in a king-room on the Pinnacle level, which was fabulous. Our room's furnishings were very attractive and proper. Nothing was overused or worn. We saw no mildew, stains, peeling paint, or any of the other things mentioned in other reviews. On the contrary, it was very top notch and our linens were exquisite.Food: Multiple uses of room service proved the fare to be wonderful. We will crave the home made potato chips with fontina cheese fondue the next time we need a snack. Service was always quick and professional, and if you need some inspiration, they will give you some wonderful ideas for entrees and snacks.Concierge: Unfortunately, for us, this was a sore spot and a disappointment from some earlier reviews. I don't want to focus a hotel review on one person so I'll spare the details, but the resulting misadventures could have been achieved sans the $20 tip. As we planned to continue using the concierge services, we let him know of our misfortunes. Unfortunately, he made no attempt to recover. Therefore, we just spent $9.95 a day for internet access and did everything else for ourselves. Maybe it was just a bad day or a new/different concierge, but be aware.Location: Others have covered it, and even the bad reviews concur, so I won't belabor the point...it is PERFECT. The Whitehall could not be in a better spot for dining, shopping, or sight-seeing.So it comes down to what you want: if you do not see the historical relevance and charm in a small wood-paneled elevator (yes, wood creaks) then the Whitehall may not be the place for you. But if you find quality more important than quantity and enjoy the personal touches that come from a very accommodating staff, you’ve got your place. If you are contemplating the Whitehall and this type of hotel appeals to you, you are sure to enjoy it as much as we did. We are currently planning our next visit.	
May 24 2005	Great Hotel But....	5/24/05We Have just returned from a 6 night stay at the Whitehall Hotel. The location is just fabulous, 1/2 block off Michigan Avenue. The hotel is a small chic property, just across the street from The Four Seasons. Our room on a club floor was beautifully furnished in a traditional decor. Our room had data ports, and the fee of $9.95/24 hours seemed reasonable for a big city hotel. OUr room included a breakfast, which was very good, and one cocktail in the evening, with some hors'de'ourves, served in the bar. Bar area was very relaxing, like a library. On the weekends there was a piano player and vocalist, a nice touch.Only complaint......some areas of the hotel were under construction, this affected the water pressure in the shower....sometimes the water stopped in mid shower....it came back on in a few seconds..but it was very annoying.All and all a good stay, would definitely stay again. Staff most helpful with reservations and recommendations.	
Apr 11 2005	Travelzoo Deal or Not Over-Priced and Over-Rated	I see there is a new option here on Tripadvisor.com that allows you to add photos! I wish I had taken pictures of the peeling paint, the mildew on the shower curtain, the water stain on the ceiling, grungy carpeting, dirty grout... You get the picture, this is NOT the special place, the &quot;boutique&quot; hotel, they would like you to think it is when making a reservation! If that's what you're looking for, stay around the corner at the Tremont! Yes, we got it for the bargain price of $139 on a weekend Travelzoo special, but there are plenty of hotels (even in similar excellent locations) where you can get that kind of price on a weekend in Chicago. I would have to echo an earlier review here on tripadvisor.com:&quot;The Whitehall is listed in the publication &quot;The Best Small Hotels in the World.&quot; Please. The Whitehall is the worst Chicago hotel at which I have ever had the misfortune to stay.The location is excellent - one block west of Michigan Avenue. That's where the good news ends. The staff is uppity. The rooms are VERY small. The hotel is badly worn, in need of a face lift. The noise from the pipes is awful.This is an expensive hotel. For the same price you can stay at wondeful Chicago hotels - Fairmont, Peninsula, Meridien, Intercontinental.Do yourself a favor - avoid the Whitehall.&quot;	
Mar 28 2005	Loved the Whitehall	My wife andI stayed at the Whitehall for our 25th wedding anniversary.It was my first trip to Chicago,my wife and her mother have been many times before and have stayed at the Whitehall and always had a very nice stay.I myself had a great time.I thought the hotel was first rate.We did have a problem in that the room was not ready,when we arrived but we took the time to sightsee.I found the staff very helpful,the room was very clean and had a wonderful view.the bar was perfect.To all the other people who complained {some may have been legit}but a few were over the top and vicious.And I'm sure the hotel is glad that some of these people will not be back.It will make it easier for me to get my next room this spring.We feel that the Whitehall rules.	
Mar 15 2005	Nice but old	I stayed at the Whitehall Hotel for a weekend in March. While the hotel has a great location right off Michigan Ave and close to Oak Street, it is badly in need of renovation. One of the elevators was broken the entire time so guests were forced to choose between the one working in the lobby or the freight elevator near the kitchen. The room I was in was quite spacious but the floor was noisy and the walls were thin. All in all, it was a good value, but could be better.	
Mar 13 2005	Had a wonderful time!	We just returned from our trip to Chicago and The Whitehall Hotel was a wonderful place for us to stay. The staff was both friendly and helpful. Our room was great, wonderful furnishings, spacious, and clean. I consider myself very picky when it comes to hotels and I would highly recommend this hotel. I have read some of the other reviews on this hotel and find many to be very unfair. Yes, the pipes can be loud at times- it is an older building- but that is what gives it it's charm. There are different types of rooms, my mother's room was not as fancy as ours, but it was still nice. The location can't be beat. All in all it was a great trip and I would do it all over again.	
Feb 1 2005	Darrin 	I don't know what the problem is with some of these people that write these reviews, but my stay at the Whitehall was wonderful!! It was an absolute delight mainly due to Darrin (the front desk agent that checked me in) and Monica (the wonderful concierge). I was staying at the Whitehall over Christmas on business that couldn't be avoided &amp; was naturally depressed and irritable about not being with my family for the holidays. I'll admit, I didn't want to be there and actually wanted to hate it. This must have been obvious to Darrin as he was checking me in because he thoughtfully noticed that I would be there over the holiday and subtly acknowledged that it must not be easy to be away from family. He said that maybe a quiet room on a high floor with a view would make it a bit easier! From that point he had me laughing so hard about my situation that I was almost GLAD to be there! He said that I can at least brag about my room while I am on the phone with my husband, etc. Darrin was great and obviously has a intuitive sense about people to know what I needed--a kind face, a good laugh, and a great room. He directed me to Monica, who was the greatest concierge I have EVER been fortunate enough to have. She was so knowledgable and accomodating! She is an EXPERT on the Windy City and has the gentle demeanor of a reliable friend. I will say, despite Monica &amp; Darrin, the entire hotel could use a facelift. The lobby is a bit dowdy and the heating unit was loud at times. I could notice, also, a huge difference between the front desk day shift and the front desk night shift. Darrin and the young woman working with him during the day were wonderful, the night shift seemed immature and downright unprofessional and unruly. The restaurant, Fornetto Mei, was alright I guess; but it seems to try too hard and fumble over itself in the process. The obnoxiously loud, bawdy breakfast manager of Fornetto Mei needs to tone it down. . .alot. It is too early for all her noise. I would definately recommend the Whitehall to everyone. . .and pray that Darrin and Monica are there!	
Nov 20 2004	Whitehall is a Real Gem	This charming hotel made my recent visit to Chicago a delight. The decor is pleasant and fresh, with an adequate size room and nice, shiny bathroom. Providing terry robes eliminates the need for packing a bulky item. The lights in the room are GREAT, lots of wattage for reading (unusual for hotels). Personnel were accommodating. One can't beat the location, half a block from Michigan Avenue. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to others and certainly hope to stay here again myself.	
Nov 6 2004	Whitehall not bad at all	We stayed at the Whitehall 11/3 - 5. We had two adjoining rooms that were very adequate -- not huge, but fine. We were a little nervous after reading some of these reviews, but were pleasantly surprised. We had gotten a good rate on Expedia, much less than anywhere else close by, and I would definitely stay again.	
Nov 1 2004	AVOID the Whitehall at all costs!!!	The Whitehall is listed in the publication &quot;The Best Small Hotels in the World.&quot; Please. The Whitehall is the worst Chicago hotel at which I have ever had the malfortune to stay.The location is excellent - one block west of Michigan Avenue. That's where the good news ends. The staff is uppity. The rooms are VERY small. The hotel is badly worn, in need of a face lift. The noise from the pipes is awful.This is an expensive hotel. For the same price you can stay at wondeful Chicago hotels - Fairmont, Peninsula, Meridien, Intercontinental.Do yourself a favor - avoid the Whitehall.	
Oct 28 2004	Gracious outstanding service	The Whitehall Hotel has excellent service. OUTSTANDING CONCIERGE. The physical facility shows a bit of wear, but overall, staying at the Whitehall was an excellent experience.	
Oct 26 2004	A little gem - Whitehall Hotel	Recently, we spent 3 nights at the Whitehall Hotel just to the north of downtown. The lcoation was excellent - 2 blocks from Michigan Ave. &amp; 1 mile to Navy Pier. The hotel staff were very courteous and the room was decorated very nicely with terrycloth robes. We booked a show through the concierge and was offered a town car to take us to the show -- no charge! Although we did not eat at the hotel, there are plenty of restaurants within walking distance. Very nice place to stay and reasonably priced for the downtown area.	
Oct 6 2004	Not a four star hotel in my book	From the moment we walked in the door and had to ASK the bellman to grab the door before it slammed on the suitcase, I was terribly disappointed. We stood at the front desk waiting to check in at approx. 7pm while the bellman went behind the desk to let the receptionist know we were waiting. Some time later she appeared and mentioned that they were &quot;just having a little break&quot;! We had booked our room on hotwire for two people and were given the smallest room I have ever seen with a full size bed! (Remember this was rated a 4 star luxury hotel). After much complaining, they insisted they were fully booked and could not give us another room, so we ordered up a rollaway. You had to close the door to the room to lay the bed down and you couldn't get out until you stood it back up! The bathroom was barely adequate. The following day we were &quot;upgraded&quot; to a king bed room on the &quot;club&quot; level. Aside from the down comforter, the furnishings were just as tired. The room was larger but the bath wasn't. Nothing about this hotel looked &quot;rennovated&quot; unless they're referring to something that happened 20 years ago. The hallways were dingy, the carpet was far from new and the bathroom was tiny. I spent $137 on hotwire for this room and two months ago I spent $99 on hotwire for an absolutely fabulous 4 star room at the Swiss Hotel. We were so disappointed that we have agreed not to use hotwire again so that we can be sure we don't have to stay at another hotel like this one.	
Aug 7 2004	Classic Whitehall	My husband andI had the pleasure of staying at the Whitehall Hotel in late July. Having lived in the Chicago area at one time, I know the hotel and its history. We decided to pamper ourselves on this trip and stay there. The location could not be better with access to shopping, museums, parks, and wonderful local eateries. The room was great with a view of the lake and Michigan Avenue. Monica, the Concierge, was fabulous. We had no real plans, hence we had no reservations for anything. Monica was able to recommend and get us great tables at fine restaurants - at the last minute. She took care of reservations for whatever else we wanted. The rest of the staff was equally accomodating. We felt very welcomed at the end of each exhausting day. It was a home away from home; it was classic Whitehall.	
Aug 5 2004	Great hotel - stay here!! Super service nice rooms fantastic location	Stayed here for an extended best friends' weekend. The staff was terrific and the door men made it a point to know us and assist/welcome our coming and going. The restaurant is quiet, intimate, with excellent food. We were able to walk everywhere - no transportation needed. The rooms are very nice and the bathrobes are lovely. The hotel has personality as opposed to the mega hotel structures.	
Jul 6 2004	Awesome location clean room helpful service	I was suprised at some of the reviews posted on this website. I stayed there for a weekend in Chicago on July 2nd and was very pleased. The people at the front desk were very friendly, the room was very clean (although not huge), and the location was incredible (near the Water Tower and right across the street from the Four Seasons). Although it may not qualify as a luxury hotel, it is certainly a very affordable and great place for couples, business travelers, and families to stay during their trips to Chicago.	
Jun 29 2004	"Wish I could marry the Front Desk Agent!	I stayed at the Whitehall a couple weeks ago and I fell in love with the hotel, the city of Chicago, and one of the front desk agents. A lovely woman named Mackenzie was so extremely helpful and comical that she made me wish that I was staying for than two nights. The hotel is very classic and I enjoyed the cozy elevator and vintage furnishings. The breakfast was fabulous, although the bar did not open til 4 so I had to spice up my orange juice with items from my mini bar. (wink*) Mackenzie was kind enough to help direct me to the doorman so I could catch a cab for a full day of what I like to call &quot;smashed shopping.&quot; When I returned from shopping I was overjoyed to see that Mackenzie was still there. I asked her if she ever went home, and she assured me that she did, but I called the desk later that night just to make sure. When I checked out the next day, I was so glad that I would be returning to DC with such a wonderful new friend in the Windy City. If I was not already married to a wonderful man I would have seriously considered asking her to accompany me. I look forward to seeing Mackenzie and the Whitehall again the next time I am in Chicago.	
Jun 7 2004	For the money it did not meet expectations	 I and group of friends stayed at the Whitehall for two nights. For the most part, hotel personnel were friendly and helpful. For example, the wonderful concierge directed us to a nearby restaurant that served the best Italian food I've ever tasted. When he learned that one of my friends had forgotten his belt and needed to get his hands on one quickly for a social function, he took off his own belt and let my friend borrow it!  However, the front desk attendants were terrible. When we tried to check into the hotel after 3pm, only one of the three rooms we had reserved was ready. The attendants seemed indifferent and appeared as if they had no idea what was going on. Although we had made our reservations weeks in advance and had requested a &quot;block&quot; of rooms, the rooms we ended getting were on three different floors. The next day, I had a plumbing problem that rendered my bathroom toilet inoperable and the floor soaking wet. I notified one of the very same front desk attendants about the problem at 2:30pm. When I returned to the hotel around midnight, nothing had been done. Instead of going to bed, I had to wait around for a maintenance man to arrive and fix the problem (once he got there, it took less than two minutes to fix it). The internet service in my room (which cost around $12 for a few hours) did not work at all. The keyboard was apparently broken. The hotel elevators were the smallest I've ever seen. Even from my eleventh floor room, I could hear excessive street noise. The most annoying sound came from the hotel valet who constantly blew a loud whistle to summon taxi cabs. There was an empty ice bucket with drinking glasses in my room, but the hotel does not have any ice machines for guests. Room service brought some ice in a bucket and took the empty bucket away. All in all, the Whitehall did not meet my expectations. Although the building was charming and its location was ideal, I would not recommend the Whitehall to anyone looking for the service and amenities of a true &quot;luxury&quot; hotel.  	
Jun 3 2004	disappointed	I stayed at The Whitehall while in Chigago for a trade show and had heard great things from people who had stayed there years ago. There are hints of what the hotel once was but now things are worn. There was urine on the bedspread and the staff was not apologetic at all. There was chewing gum on the ceiling of our room. The restaraunt is very good but oddly renovated. The location is good. I would reccomend spending a little more for a first class hotel nearby.	
May 18 2004	Great Spot In Chicago	With a first time visit to Chicago, I was very impressed. After reading the previous reviews I admit I was a little nervous. We felt the hotel was very nice. The staff was friendly and most helpful. The rooms were clean and well maintained. The air conditioner was a bit noisy however it was not something that would stop us from staying at the hotel on our next visit. Thank you for a delightful weekend.	
Apr 26 2004	A quiet comfortable spot in the midst of the action.	I was surprised to see negative reviews of this hotel. We spent 3 nights in a pinnacle level guest room in April 2004 and could not have been more pleased. Yes, the rooms are not new and swanky, but ours was large and pleasantly decorated. The bed was comfortable and made up with high quality linens. Where the Whitehall excells is in the level of service. We were treated well by everyone from the doorman to the restaurant staff. They all went out of their way to be helpful and were very generous about offering substitutions at breakfast for my diabetic husband. (Continental breakfast was included for pinnacle level guests but they gave us cooked food every morning.) Waiters and bar staff not only remembered us each day, but also remembered our preferences. If you like kir, try one of Joe's delicious french martinis.	
Apr 6 2004	luxury hotel????	I booked THe Whitehall after reading it is considered a &quot;luxury&quot; hotel. I found it to be adequate. The linens are not of a high quality, the bath is small and poorly lit. THe room was clean and large enough, but in no way would be considered a luxury property.	
Apr 5 2004	Don't Stay Here if you want to have a pleasant stay		
Jan 13 2004	Great Aspirations Poor Reality		
Dec 19 2003	injured daughter from broken window hotel manager does nothing		
Oct 28 2003	Luxurious atmosphere smallish room.		
Sep 7 2003	Excellent		
Jul 16 2003	Stay here if you have a chance		
Mar 16 2003	faded glory		
Feb 26 2003	Very nice stay		
Nov 18 2002	Not worth the price		
Apr 28 2002	Great little hotel in a great location		
Nov 25 2008 	?????????????		
Sep 7 2008	ottimo		
May 11 2008 	Buena opción para visitar Chicago		
