Nov 22 2009 	Luxury ~ Fabulous View ~ Top Notch Service	The Chicago Four Seasons is above the 900 Shops along Michigan Avenue and is a great place to stay! We splurged and booked a Deluxe Suite on the 38th floor. The highlight of the rooms was the window seat nook that ran along the length of the lakeside view of the room. Nice cushiions and pillows made this a great place to curl up with the paper/book &amp; coffee/wine. Although my kids enjoyed lining up their Star Wars figures for the ultimate galactic showdown. Spacious two room suite with a comfortable FEATHER BED on the pull-out sofa (loved by the kids), plenty of floor space, chair, table, desk and HD tv entertainment center.Loved the bed in our bedroom--nice bathroom &amp; shower with a deep tub perfect for a bubble bath soak.I do miss having the convenience of a coffee maker in the room, but the complementary spa/pool area serves bottled water &amp; orange juice throughout the day and coffee in the morning hours.The pool is beautiful, large and welcoming with a great hot tub as well. Pool toys are kept in a large storage bin to be shared. We love the Four Seasons because of the special treatment our kids receive when we are there. Upon check-in, we found a tray of iced cow shaped cookies, milk in an ice bucket, a pitcher of chocolate syrup and a battery powered &quot;moo moo mixer&quot; the kids could use to mix up their chocolate milk. That was in addition to the crayons, coloring book &amp; Sorry board game placed on the desk.The next afternoon we found individually boxed cupcakes for each of them, and the following day glasses filled with gummi bears and a paper drink umbrella. They also love the child size fluffy white robes that are included for their use as well as the kid pack of bath amenities.Bob--part of the bell staff provided excellent service and greeted our children by name each time we saw him over our stay.These things matter and are part of the reason we love the Four Seasons.	
Nov 19 2009 	Great stay at four seasons chicago	We paid to uprade upon arrival to an executive suite and it was sooooo nice, outstanding views!! Service was as expected at FS, GREAT!!! Our room was attended to 2X day and all amentities were refreshed,, love this.The lounge is a nice cozy spot to relax , great selection of cocktails!!!Will return and stay again soon!! The mall is just a few floors down, so convienient, love the Bloomingdales!!! concierage reccomended some great restaurants too!!!We had a really nice couples massage at the spa!!! I liked the pool and hot tub!	
Nov 1 2009 	Great hotel great pool and spa	Great hotel, great pool and spa, great service, REALLY great views.	
Oct 8 2009 	Expected More	I love nice hotels. I have never stayed at a Four Seasons before and found it very nice but not what I thought it would be. Very clean, well appointed, friendly, helpful but not Fantastic. Now if it was half the normal rate it might be Fantastic. I base alot of my review on price compared to quality. I have stayed at some Fantastic places for little money (I like Chicagos Hotel Burnham better) and I have paid a fortune for incredible places like the Pebble Beach properties (well worth every dime). The location can't be beat. The beds are incredible. Will I stay again; maybe but not likely.	
Sep 14 2009 	Best hotel that I've ever stayed in	I travel quite often on business and have stayed in many nice hotels, this was the nicest that I have had the pleasure of staying in. The staff was excellent from the front desk to the bartenders in the lounge to the concierge and bellmen. Great location for shopping and dining. The room was very spacious and had a great view of the Chicago skyline. I wanted to take the bed home with me it was so comfortable. My wife didn't want to leave the hotel. Great job, Four Seasons, we will be back!	
Aug 23 2009 	A wonderful stay.	On arriving at the Four Seasons we were met by pleasant and smiling staff - always a good start. We were upgraded to a superior room, a nice surpise, and Laura at the check-in desk could not have been more helpful!A special thanks to Blanca at the concierge desk, whose help went above and beyond my expectations.The room had a vast view of the city and made it easy to plan for whatever weather was coming our way! What can one say about the bed...was easily the most comfortable bed I've been in and the room and amenities were second to none. Attention to detail ranks high in my book, from the earplugs supplied at turn down to the toiletries/accesories provided in the fitness centre. While there were some renovation works going on, they made no impact to our stay - always plenty of hot water, room was quiet, and didn't see any workmen.The location was ideal for shopping and sightseeing and will very much be planning another stay there in the future.	
Aug 16 2009 	Simply the Best. A+	To start, I am a frequent traveler and not particularly loyal to any one brand of hotel. I use this site religiously and always try to book the highest rated property that is within my price range. Luckily, for my recent trip to Chicago, I was traveling with a budget that allowed for some costs to be reimbursable within a certain price range, including hotel. This fact allowed me the luxury of staying at the Four Seasons and it was a luxury indeed. As I entered the main lobby (and each subsequent time I traveled through it) I was impressed with the sleek and modern floral displays that I have come to equate with Four Seasons properties. Upon check-in, I was upgraded to a suite on the 36th floor (room 3608), which had breathtaking wrap around views of the city skyline. This was a real treat! When I travel on my own and am lucky enough to be staying at a Four Seasons property, I like to order a cheeseburger off of their room service menu, since they are amazingly delicious, and this time was no exception. The room was spotless and the bed was honestly one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. The bathroom was spacious and well stocked, as was the room's closet (there was even a humidifier in there!). My stay lasted a total of 3 nights and each day my room was made up and turned down whilst I away, no hassle. Also, when I requested assistance from the Concierge on accessing my online boarding pass for my flight home, she was happy to print it out for me and happily gave me directions to where I wanted to go, along with a nice small street map. Overall, I had a fantastic stay at this hotel and would definitely stay here again and recommend it to others. I've read some of the other reviews and noticed one about the water being turned off - on Sunday night when I returned to my room around 10pm there was a note under the door informing me that my water would be off the following day from 9am - 4pm, but since my flight home the following morning (Mon) was departing very early, this didn't really impact me. Perhaps my positive feelings about this hotel would be diminished if I were indeed effected, but who is to say. What I do know is that I had a fantastic stay in a lovely property located in a great part of Chicago. The hotel is attached to a mall, which was very convenient when I had to run out and buy a dress last minute - you can always count on Bloomingdales! Also, I would be remiss if I failed to give a proper shout out to the great people at Bobby's Bike Hike Bike Tours! I learned about them here on TA and am very glad that I decided to book a bike tour with them. Randy was an amazing tour guide and their neighborhoods tour showed me sights in Chicago that I have never seen before in a way that allowed me to truly experience the city's beauty. Bottom line - when I think &quot;Four Season&quot; I think luxury and this property lived up to my expectations in every sense of the word.	
Aug 14 2009 	Loved Four Seasons Chicago	My son and I were visiting colleges in the area. We arrived at about 10:30am, way early. They took care of our bags and gave us directions to the Cubs' game. During the game called to say the room was ready. When were returned, the bags were in the our comfy room overlooking Lake Michigan. Check out the view of the sunrise from our window. Throughout, the staff and concierge were very helpful with our many questions and requests. Sent up coke and popcorn for my son, too. We felt very comfortable and taken care of in unfamiliar surroundings, which was just what we needed. Gym and pool were terrific, too. Great location between Michigan Ave and the restaurants on Rush Street.	
Aug 6 2009 	Beware of Construction and Water shut-off!!!	Stayed there for a wedding with my girlfriend over the weekend. Construction noise every day including Saturday and Sunday. Water was shut off from 10 AM to 5 PM on Monday! Is this a 5 star hotel or class B real estate in NYC? Rooms were also dirty and staff was by far sub par. Overall, skip and go with many other great hotels the city has to offer. The 4S staff and management needs to be taught a lesson ...	
Jul 27 2009 	Lovely	I suprised my husband with a birthday week-end getaway @ the Four Seasons in Chicago. Our experience was pleasurable. On arrival, we got a free upgrade to a one bedroom suite with gorgeous views of the river. Complimentary birhday cake was also sent up to our suite -which was a suprise to both of us. Consistent with the 4 seasons culture/brand, the service we recieved from all the staff was both efficeint and friendly.	
Jul 22 2009	A Big Hotel In the Big City	Entering the Four Seasons' Lobby and taking the elevator up to the check in floor I was enamored and ready for something very special.The look was an opulent, old school marble with modern floral arrangements. Our check in was smooth as we were greeted with refreshments consisting of strawberry lemonade and Earl Grey cookies (later I discovered that theses weren't daily arrangements) We then made our way up to the room some 30 something floors up where we welcomed with a fantastic view of the Park, Lake Michigan and the neighboring John Hancock building. Beside the view however the room lost any such flash; it was very standard without much in the realm of design. Maybe this is what the Four Season's is known for.We settled in and ordered room service which was prompt and very expensive, I'm ashamed to even write the total. The food was very good and I recommend the burger highly. A day or two later we ordered breakfast and were very happy with the results; it's always aces when your eggs arrive hot. I had an asparagus egg white omelet that was delicious.While on the topic of food, the Hotel's restaurant was a pleasant experience as its decor was a time warp back to the late 1800s; dark wood, chandeliers and the like. The food was good and the service was attentive.I found the concierge staff to be very well informed and quick to react to all requests!The spa was well equipped with a wonderful pool, sauna and a steam room that the employees forgot to turn on in the morning which was my only real disappointment during the stay.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great location beautiful rooms disappointingly spotty service	I love the Four Seasons hotel but the stay here was really disappointing - all because of something that this brand normally does so well - service.On the good points - great location, right off Michigan Ave, near Water Tower place so close to shopping, the lake. Nice rooms - we had a &quot;premier room&quot; that was really more of a suite.On the bad - we had problems with room service multiple times - once the order wasn't complete, twice they ignored the number of people we had and didn't bring enough place settings and were really inconsistent with what was offered - one day, large bowl of berries, the next, small; one day lots of bagels, next day, one.More concerning was the housekeeping. We had one bottle of shampoo when we arrived and one soap. for the sink, the shower and the tub. No washcloths were left and not enough towels. An old cup of coffee was never removed (through both turndown and regular service) and a bottle of champagne sat in a lukewarm bucket of water that was never replenished with ice and that soaked through to the table.May sound picky but really it's bizarre for this brand. It's almost as if they are into severe cost cutting.	
Jul 13 2009 	Nice but I think if I had it to do over again...	The hotel is very nice and the view is amazing. We had a room on the 44th floor that had a view of the lake, again just amazing. It was very clean and well appointed, however, there were a couple of things that were not quite right. First, the wifi access was sub par, it was free which was nice but I would expect a high quality signal and our room I was only able to get 2 bars. The second thing that bothered me was the desk was crammed into the bedroom, we had a beautiful sitting room off the bedroom move the desk, that I way I could get some work done in the AM while my wife sleep. The third was that the lobby was on the 7th floor, that meant one elevator to the lobby then a second elevator to our room. Now I would not have given up the view from our room for a first floor lobby, but in general I really like a large active lobby.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great experience	My husband and I traveled to Chicago with our 2 yr. old daughter for 5 nights. The hotel's staff was very friendly and completely accomodating in every respect. The concierge gave us appropriate kid friendly suggestions for restaurants and destinations. Housekeeping services were perfect. The restaurant was incredible for brunch and although expensive, it was worth it. The pool was nice, but really cold. The hotel is also located in a great location and near a lot of shopping and restaurants.On the downside, while the hotel itself is beautiful, it could use a bit of updating. We were in a suite so the space was ample and suited our purposes perfectly, however, I do think the room's furnishings also needed a bit of updating. Not the biggest deal, but we found it so annoying that you had to take 2 sets of elevators to get to the rooms.	
Jun 8 2009 	This will be my first and last time at four seasons chicago	My family and I stayed there for one night at executive suite, upon arriving, I noticed the coffee table in room was dirty and i mean sticky dirty, never got our turndown service for that night nor did we get room service the next day, mind you that we had a 6 pm check out, not acceptable at all, The food was very average if not below ave. The shower door handle was broke. This is $700 a night room people????????????	
Jun 3 2009 	Why Chicago is the Capital of the Midwest	We arrived in Chicago at the unfortunate time of the hectic Lollapalooza festival. The Four Seasons was an oasis of calm in the midst of a storm. As with its sister sites, everyone knows your name from the minute you check in. The spa and pool are spacious and relaxed. Close to the Magnificent Mile shopping and walkable to the Lakeshore, it is a fine location in a top notch city.	
May 19 2009 	Our first stay at the Four Seasons Chicago (	My wife and I started our honeymoon by staying at the Four Seasons Chicago. This was our first time staying at a Four Seasons hotel and had decided to book the &quot;Just the two of us package&quot;. Everything worked out great. Upon arrival they upgraded us to a &quot;Deluxe Four Seasons Executive Suite&quot; and it was amazing. The bedroom was on a corner with both Lake and Mich. Ave. view. The living room window looked directly down Michigan ave. They had a bottle of champagne and chocolates in our room upon arrival which was fantastic. Dinner in Seasons was pretty good. The next morning we treated ourselves to a couples massage and the spa services and facilities were top notch.Overall the service was fantastic and we didn't want to leave. We will definitely return.	
Apr 27 2009 	A great Four Seasons experience	Four Seasons is our preferred hotel &quot;chain&quot; and this is probably among our favorite locations. It was a last minute decision to stay here, but after a great experience here a few years ago, we decided to stay again when we needed to be in Chicago. Overall, it was a wonderfully, relaxing stay. Between the staff and the accommodations, everything was extremely comfortable. Great service and really comfortable bedding. I would go back to Chicago just to have an excuse to spend a couple of days here again...	
Apr 21 2009 	A truly great hotel	I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in the Chicago area, it's clean, amazing, well staffed, and the food is great. I would not recommend this hotel to teens or people not willing to dress up, the hotel has a rather high dress code which I'm not a fan of. Over all I would stay there again!	
Apr 7 2009 	Excellent location and service	Spent a week at this property in early April. Staff is always happy to assist, Gym is excellent and location is perfect. Don't miss the Sunday brunch!I travel often, am prepared when I do and typically do not place many needs on hotel staff to support my stay. One reason I love the Four Seasons is that when I do need help - they assist and are happy to assist.Great property to stay at.	
Mar 12 2009 	Hard to Fault Four Seasons	It really is hard to fault Four Seasons, in Chicago or anywhere else for that matter.We booked one night here on the way back from a ski trip. We had two adjoining rooms, one for myself &amp; my wife, and one for our two sons (aged 9 &amp; 11).On a previous trip to Four Seasons (in Las Vegas), on arrival the boys had been presented with gifts of cute little soft toys and so they were curious &amp; looking forward to seeing what Chicago hospitality was like! Sure enough, the hospitality starts in the lobby, where there were cookies and hot chocolate for everyone while we checked in. And we we got up to the rooms, there was a game (Kids Pictionary) and more cookies &amp; chocolate milkshake waiting for the boys in their room.The rooms were very nice: great view over the Lake (we were on 41st floor, I think), extremely comfortable bed, big bathroom etc.Breakfast excellent (didn't eat in the hotel for dinner so can't comment).We also made extensive use of the spa facilities - decent pool, although maybe a few degrees colder than I would have liked, plus hot tub, steam room, sauna &amp; massage facilities. For kids there were lots of floats, noodles etc to use in the pool which was nice.Helpful concierge recommended an excellent steak restaurant (Rosebud) nearby for dinner. We had a really great evening and that added to the overall enjoyment of our stay.	
Feb 24 2009 	Outstanding	From the moment we arrived to the moment we left we were treated by the staff like royalty. Travelling with three small children, we were upgraded before we arrived to a massive and opulent two roomed suite. Waiting inside the room were gifts for the children and chocolate cake and chocolate milkshakes.The room, although not yet renovated, was nonetheless excellent. Spotless, luxuriously comfortable and enormous. Free wifi. The hotel staff were all simply superb - especially the concierge staff - they remembered (after a single conversation) all the children's names and ours too. Our baby needed pureed food - no problem for the kitchen who produced excellent kiddie friendly food in moments.The food at the hotel is good also. Breakfast, and particularly the Sunday brunch, were standouts.The hotel has a terrific pool and spa.Although not cheap, for quality of service, attentiveness of staff and eye for detail this hotel cannot be bettered. Staff from other hotels should come here and learn how it is done.	
Dec 8 2008 	Excellent Hotel	I have stayed at the Ritz Carlton across the street for years but this time I was tempted by a stay 2 nights get one free to try the sister property. The greeting at the front desk was by a dour young lady who had the warmth and friendliness of a government bureaucrat. I was worried but after the sour taste she inflicted the remainder of my experience was excellent. The rooms are modern and well furnished. HD TV and padded window balconies make this a great place to relax. Pool is very upscale and well maintained. Spa was nice and I had an excellent massage by Paul. Room service was on time, hot, good and of course expensive. hotel bar was very upscale and fun. This hotel is a little quieter than the Ritz. lobby has less traffic and the street is not as busy (900 Michigan Ave mall is quieter than water tower place.) Staff are not as friendly as the Ritz, but certainly they are professional and efficient. I'd stay here again.	
Oct 13 2008 	Comfort like you can't imagine!	My husband and I spent two amazing nights at the Four Seasons Chicago in October 2008. First, the view: We were on the 42nd floor with a view of the lake on one side and the city on the other. The sights were breathtaking and ever-changing. It was a real challenge to pull myself out of the room. Second, the bed: Wow! It must have been the combination of the featherbed and sumptuous linens because I have not been so comfortable or slept so well in a really long time. Leave yourself a few extra minutes before heading out for work or sightseeing to enjoy just laying there and taking in the views. Third, the service: As you can imagine, it was incredible. Everyone was extremely polite and helpful - always going out of their way to make our stay as easy as possible. Other pluses: fantastic spa and pool (you can use the spa sauna, hot tubs, showers, etc. even if you're not getting a treatment that day) and connection to shopping from the 6th floor (Bloomie's at your finger tips for everything you forgot to pack). One downside - I was not crazy about the food and while the oak bar was beautiful, the drinks were pretty pricey compared to the quality. Really, though - who cares? You should be out and about sampling all the great food Chicago has to offer anyway!	
Sep 11 2008 	Other Hotels Should Take A Leaf Out Of The Four Seasons	Simply amazing. Location's great, service staff fantastic (concierge remembered my name 4 days after speaking with me for less than 2 minutes) and attention to detail cannot be faulted.Not once was I interrupted by chambermaids either to make up the room or for turn down service although I was in the room at irregular times of the day.The Sunday brunch is also fantastic. A little pricey but well worth it. The spread was nothing like I've seen before. Internet connection was free which was very useful. I had a great view of both the Hancock Tower and Lake Michigan.I will definitely go back to the Four Seasons the next time I'm visiting Chicago.	
Aug 18 2008 	Great Location Great Hotel	I'm writing this review almost a year after the fact, but it seems like yesterday that we stayed there. Wonderful experience for two adults and a &quot;tween.&quot; I highly recommend the package that allows you to get the ice cream man to come to your room! My son loved it.We had a room with a view overlooking Michigan Avenue, Oak Street beach and the Hancock.Great for walking to shops and the Hancock to see the Christmas train set up, etc. Seasonal lights along Michigan Avenue were nice to see from our window as well.Pool was a little chilly...but fine once you got in. Hot tub was great. Never really crowded at all (!). Easy access from our room to the pool.I would recommend this for families who want to be close to tourist attractions (including American Girl Place) and nearby shops. We were there right before Christmas and it was delightful.	
Jul 19 2008	martini did not live up to expectations!	Based on the Best of Chicago magazine August 2008, my husband and I went to enjoy martinis at the 4 Seasons Lounge before dinner. I ordered a premium gin, a little dirty, with blue cheese olives. Here we are, in this prestigious hotel expecting to be treated to an excellent beverage. What we got was a sub-par martini, and it did not have olive juice in it (that is what makes it &quot;dirty&quot;). So my order was wrong - but this is the kicker. The waiter came over, acknowledged the mistake, and instead of bringing me a fresh drink proceeded to dump an ounce or two of olive juice directly into my drink. This nasty concoction was supposed to be my 'best in Chicago martini'??? My husband and I laughed about it - but really.... if I'm going to pay $13 for a premium liquor martini in a four star hotel, shouldn't I at least get a fresh drink if the first one is incorrectly made? Shame on you, 4 Seasons! I hope people read this and realize that they should proceed with caution in their lounge! I guess they can all order the $8 Bud Light instead....	
Jul 11 2008 	A Perfect Wedding Night	My husband and I received a one-night stay at the Four Seasons Chicago as a wedding gift. We spent the night at the hotel after our wedding and it was absolutely perfect. As soon as we arrived, the bellman took our bags and got them up to our room. We have a flawless check in and check out. We ordered a wonderful breakfast the next morning (a bit pricy, but well worth the splurge!) The room service attendant set up our table next to the window, which overlooked Michigan Ave! The room was spotless, the cleanest hotel I've ever stayed in and by far the most impeccable service I've ever received.A perfect end to our fairy tale wedding - I only wished we could have stayed longer, one night was not enough.	
Jun 23 2008 	Five Stars All the Way	My husband and I just returned from a weekend at the Four Seasons Chicago (our second this year) and it was everything one could ask for in a hotel. The staff is professional and friendly, almost always addressing us by name. I really can't say enough about them. One concierge, Christian, was especially helpful. When we remarked on the cookies and lemonade that they have at check-in in the afternoon, he offered to get us some, even though it was not yet noon. My husband asked if he could get the recipe because he bakes as a hobby. Sure enough, later that afternoon, the handwritten recipe appeared under our door after a call from Christian. But he didn't stop with this. Later that day, a carafe of lemonade and a dozen cookies were delivered to our room along with a note from Christian. This is what truly sets the Four Seasons apart. I have stayed at the Peninsula, but it just doesn't quite have that extra touch, so I will always return to the Four Seasons. We also treated ourselve to tea in the lounge this time. I would highly recommend that people try this at least once. We added the champagne for an extra special treat. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone for a wonderful stay in Chicago.	
Jun 9 2008 	Awesome Weekend	Amazing Room and Staff! Great View! It is perfectly located on Michigan Avenue above the 900 Shops. It is across from the John Hancock Building. My wife and I went to Chicago on a romantic get-away and we could not have chosen a better hotel.	
Jun 7 2008	Generalized decline	Spent two nights at this property, on business/pleasure. Deluxe executive suite 44th floor, facing west. Nicely appointed room, typical 4 Seasons decor (getting a little tired, IMHO). The room had a very unpleasant odor- I asked the maid about it; she shrugged her shoulders.The shoulder shrug pretty much sums up the housekeeping services at this property: unbelievably indifferent. The room was hardly cleaned up during our stay: plenty of stuff on the floor, only partial replacement of the towels, complete lack of attention to details. This is not acceptable at these prices (or, historically, in any 4 Seasons property I've ever stayed at).Front desk folks were great, very helpful. Valets were curt and grudgingly helpful. Pool and workout facilities were very nice. Free wireless internet!If I'm going to spend this much money, I am definitely going to stay at the Peninsula down the street, a vastly superior property with a consistently higher level of service. Although I haven't written a review of the Pen (I'll get around to it one of these days), I have stayed there at least six times; it is, IMHO, one of the finest three hotels in the world.	
May 28 2008	Brilliant	In short, this place is unbelievably good. All hoteliers should send their staff to The Four Seasons for a night or two just to see how great unobtrusive yet attentive service should be done. It would be money well spent.We have just returned from spending three nights in one of the hotel's deluxe executive suites and loved every minute. The staff are trained to perfection and the attention to detail is superb in every regard. The food is excellent. The suite was breathtaking, especially given the views from the 41st floor of Lake Michigan.I could happily move in and never leave.	
May 25 2008 	Refined luxury	We spent a wonderful Memorial Day weekend at the Four Seasons Chicago. The hotel occupies 20 or so floors of a 50-story building at the top of the Magnificent Mile, just 2 blocks west of Lake Shore Drive. The location is very convenient, not only to the typical tourist spots of Michigan Avenue, but also walkable to the less-touristy but more enjoyable neighborhoods of Lincoln Park, Old Town, and Clyburn. The hotel lobby is somewhat stuffy- feels a bit more Boston than Chicago. But the room itself was very comfortably appointed in light earth tones. As expected at the Four Seasons, all the amenities, from the sheets to the bath soaps, were top-of-the-line. We had a wall of windows with an unobstructed view of Lake Michigan. The hotel has a good gym with a pool and steamroom. Only concern with the pool is that it is kept too warm to swim laps, but the fitness center was better than most hotel gyms. We had breakfasts at the on-site restaurant, which was also excellent. Above all, the service was superb. Michelle, the assistant concierge, offered terrific advice and was extremely helpful in securing reservations and planning our itinerary. When I return to Chicago, I will not hesitate to stay at the Four Seasons again.	
May 13 2008 	What more can you expect from a hotel? World class!	I've just spent a week-end in Chicago wih my fiancée, and as it was a special occasion I decided to pamper her (and myself) at the Hotel Four Seasons Chicago. Wow... What else could I say?From the very moment you arrive, you're treated with all the due respect that you would like to receive from a 5 stars hotel. Suitcases were delivered fastly to our lovely, 44th-storey superior room; check-in was nice and pleasant, and here you can really see how they are able to anticipate your needs!The room was awesome (be sure to require a lake view room at the time of booking - you won't regret it!), right in front of the John Hancock Center! The bed was one of the most comfortable I've encountered so far! Every amenity you can desire from a room was there, including L'Occitane bath amenities.Even for being one of the smallest rooms of the hotel, it was very spacious by other hotels' standards!We had the Mother's Day Brunch at the Seasons restaurant. Just one word: lovely! The lady I emailed with in order to reserve the table (Diane Regan) seemed genuinely happy to meet me and she asked me how the journey from Italy had been!Food selection at the Brunch was amazing, probably second only to the one of the Four Seasons Bangkok! I loved the potato salad topped by quail egg! Or the crab legs! Or the awesome ravioli with tomato sauce and pesto! And what about the incredible asian selection? Just YUMMY!As it was a special occasion, I booked a couple massage at the hotel's spa. Well, this spa is celebrated as one of the best in town, and I could see why! Everything was perfect, and the massage was great, very professional! We have been offered champagne at the end of it too. Great! The swimming pool comes with adjacent jacuzzi and it's very classy. There's a steam sauna and a sauna. Yo ucan find every amenity possible in the spa, really, includng a relaxation room with free drinks, fruits and newspapers!I booked a &quot;Just the two of us&quot; package, which came with champagne and chocolate-covered strawberries. Adorable! They were deliverd to our room exactly at the time I had requested to, as well as the bouquet of roses I ordered!And this package came with in-room midwest breakfast too, which was really, truly phenomenal!I could stay here hours explaining how good this hotel was, but I don't want to ruin you the surprise of thi magnificent hotel right on the Magnificent Mile.Surely, one of the very top hotels in Chicago and in the whole USA, a truly 5 stars hotel!	
May 5 2008	You call that room service?	We stayed here for a night in May 2008 to celebrate our anniversary. It was great overall if I discounted the negatives associated with our room service experience. Our corner room (18 tier) had a great Michigan avenue (south) view as well as an incredible (western) sunset view. We live in Chicago and could even see our home from this vantage point. Unfortunately room service failed miserably. When we arrived on Saturday we ordered a late afternoon snack. It came up cold and terribly overcooked. Because we were hungry we ate most of it anyway. We forgot to call for cleanup and later headed to dinner and a show. Much to our suprise when we returned to our room the mess was stil there. It was quite clear that we had finished the food. The turn down service had happened but they chose to ignore the mess. Since it was quite late we decided to put the plates and mess in the hallway. I called down and alerted room service about the new hallway mess. They apologised and told me that someone would be dispatched to pick up the remains immediately. When we awoke on Sunday we noticed that our remains had not been picked up. I assumed that the individual who dropped off our breakfast would take care of it. He also chose not to address this mess. It sat there for another hour. It was quite the Holiday Inn look!I had been reminded at check in that we had a $70 food credit for breakfast. We placed our order on Sunday morning. The food was presented right on schedule. They missed one item but we ignored this small issue. This time the food was prepared much better. Parts were cold but overall it was good. They did not presnet a check with the service. When we checked out later that morning the bill included an overage charge of $16. Apparently our light breakfast was $86. That was way overpriced.My belief is that the Four Seasons Chicago is a great porperty. If you have the chance, book the room! The location, views, and people who work there are great. Christian at the Front Desk and the woman with glasses at the Conciegere desk are two that stand out as trememdous ambassadors of the FS Brand. With competition from the Peninsula, Park Hyatt, and Trump, and demand slowing things will have to sharpen slightly to keep the competitive FS advantage. Good travelling!	
May 4 2008 	Perfection	Stayed here last weekend with my mother for free for a work related function. I have nothing but great things to say about it. The hotel and it's entire premises were simply impeccable for the entire stay. The lobby is what you would expect; classic and opulent. The staff were great at check-in. Elevators were fast. We had a superior room facing Lake Michigan on the 33rd floor. We were completely undisturbed the entire stay...rooms were homey and very quiet, I felt very comfortable there. Lighting was superb, bathroom was gorgeous. L'occitane toiletries...love love love! Awesome bedding and turn down service...though the napkin at the foot of the bed was a bit much. I cannot stress enough how fabulous the staff were. Typically I tend to be a low-key traveler and don't bother them, but everyone there was a consummate professional. When we asked about a nearby restaurant, we were immediately reserved a table and transportation arranged; top-notch service from people who know what they are doing. Wireless was fast, free, and worked everywhere it was supposed to. I greatly enjoyed being there and felt perfectly at home. Though the weekend was free; It is certainly worth the price. The level and quality of service is completely up to par.	
May 4 2008 	Had a great experience	This was my second stay at this property. Everything was perfect. The executive suite that I was fortunate enough to have was beautiful. The staff handled ever request promptly and with a smile. The workout facilities were great as were the staff. Room service was prompt and the food excellent. When I called the hotel from the airport to see if I could get a room due to my flight being cancelled they accommodated me without issue. As my checked bags were not returned to me, they provided me with every toiletry necessary. They also provided shorts and a t-shirt to use so that I could work out. The concierge had a charger available for my blackberry and checked the next morning if my flight was on time.This time the Four Seasons got everything right. Being at the hotel was like a home away from home. No matter what the price, it would have been worth it. It was that good.	
Apr 16 2008 	Above and Beyond Wonderful	Hotel website offers $150 to $250 credit to room or hotel credit for spa etc. Wonderful hotel. We upgraded to a suite and had a beautiful view of Michigan Ave. The spa type bathroom was unbelievable. Our room had a jet tub and separate shower. The hotel felt very new. Our room had 2 flat screen tvs and dvd player. I had a massage at the hotel spa and it was wonderful as well. We would definately stay here again. The hotel is located inside the 900 shops which has Bloomingdales, Mark Shale, and many other stores. It is a great location right on Michigan Ave. We asked the concierge how we could get impossible tickets to see OPRAH. They made no promises, but that next day my husband and I were at the OPRAH show! What they do is call the Oprah show and ask for tickets. If there are standby tickets available they will put you on a standby waitlist. You have to be on the list, you can't just go to Harpo to possbily get in. There was room on the wait list so we got on the list and there was seat availability and we got in!!	
Apr 14 2008 	Perfection in the City	For my first visit to Chicago, I had the great fortune to stay at a truly marvelous hotel. My company was in town for the Kitchen and Bath Show and booked through the convention at a great rate. We also decided to have a reception here for our customers and thus had been in contact with the hotel's catering department. Upon arrival in the pouring rain, umbrellas and smiles greeted us. The hotel is in the perfect shopping area of Michigan avenue in a safe and prime location on top of Bloomingdale's and other stores. The lobby is a short elevator ride up from the street and is the start of the luxury. Marble and crystal are everywhere. At check-in, the desk agent offered us an upgrade to a suite for 30$ more a day. I jumped at the offer and it did not let me down. My room was 4003 on the 40th floor. (btw, even the elevators seem luxurious.) My room was absolutely perfect!! I really can't find a flaw with it. The room consisted of a decent sized living room with desk, sofa, and chair.A large window with windowseat looked out into the fog (As I mentioned, it was raining and nasty outside and the wind was howling.) From what I could see, I could tell that when the rain cleared, my view was going to be fantastic. The adjoining bedroom was large and featured a DIVINE bed and chaise. I was struck by the quality of furnishings and everything looked like it was recently updated. I enjoyed waking up to my own music on the ipod alarm clock that was very easy to set. The dressing area had a bench and mirrors that functioned well for the morning routine. The bathroom was roomy and had marble and good lighting. The L'Occataine products smelled great. The room was perfectly clean!! I use to work in the industry and cleaning perfection is rare if not impossible, but there wasn't the slightest trace of anything amiss in this room. The only thing that I think anyone might complain over is the building noise. Chicago is the windy city and it lived up to it's name that night. As all modern skyscrapers are designed to be flexible in high winds, the Four Seasons has some creaking noises that can be quite noticeable in high winds. It didn't bother me as it reminded me of the rocking of a cruise ship. And the bed kept me cradled and pampered all night long. In the morning, the sun was out and I took in a fantastic view of Lake Michigan and the cityscape including the Hancock Center across the street. The rest of the stay was great including our reception which was handled easily by the great staff. I went to the fitness center which was cozy but had everything I needed. This hotel has to be one of the best I have ever stayed with and I will certainly be back, even if the bank balance can't handle it. Four Seasons has a reputation for the best in the world and this hotel is definitely evidence of that.	
Mar 23 2008 	Great experience at the four seasons chicago	Where to begin? Everything about the hotel was amazing. From the beautiful rooms to the breathtaking views, our first four seasons experience was fantastic. Having stayed at many other upscale brands before (mandarin oriental, ritz) we decided to try a four seasons for our trip to chicago and we weren't disappointed in any way.The hotel rooms were spacious and very modern. LCD flatscreens were found both the living room and bedroom. The bed was exceptionally comfortable and the large window sill was covered by a cushion that you could relax on with your laptop and enjoy the great views.The staff was equally outstanding. Very polite every time we encountered them and the concierge recommended an outstanding steakhouse (david burkes) that everyone in my family loved.The location was also very nice, sitting right across from the john hancock building on michigan avenue. Curbside at the hotel had lots of heaters that helped tremendously when waiting for a taxi in the 20 degree weather.My first experience with the four seasons chain was outstanding and i've already made plans to stay at the four seasons paris this summer.	
Mar 20 2008 	Superb hotel	Hotel exceeded our expectations. We received a warm welcome on arrival, had a superb guest room &amp; enjoyed excellent food &amp; service. Ideally located on the Magnificent Mile, the hotel has superb views over Lake Michigan. A highly recommended place to stay.	
Mar 14 2008	Great Experience @ the Four Seasons	There were 7 of us, all friends coming from different locations to reunite for a weekend in Chicago. We had high expectations for a weekend of fun...great food, blues clubs, museums, and relaxing.Thanks to an incredible staff at the Four Seasons, we were able to accomplish all of our objectives!Accommodations: Beautiful rooms, lots of space, and classic Four Seasons hospitality.Spa: We took advantage of the great spa facilities at the hotel. We (the guys in the group) relaxed in the hot tub, used the steam room, and chilled-out before going out each night. The ladies in the group opted to go shopping rather than use the spa facilities :)Concierge Service: Since we had 7 conflicting sources of suggestions for restaurants, museums, and clubs, it was imperative for us to settle our differences by taking the direction of the hotel concierge(s). We had all been inspired by ideas we'd ripped off of the Food Network, Oprah, and other shows, so getting advice from a local was critical. We SCORED with every suggestion made by the concierge staff. Great restaurants, excellent gallery suggestions, and always eager to help (and smile!).The ONE Thing:Every hotel has a different vibe based on the clientele. I've been to many Four Seasons properties...Canada, Argentina, throughout U.S....and each property has a different personality, based on the guest. The guests at this hotel were a bit high-brow and on the snooty side. Before we all went our separate ways (back to San Diego, Los Angeles, New York, Toronto, Seattle) we all went into the hotel bar for a good-bye toast. The bartender was annoyed with our request to move two tables together and didn't say one word throughout our time in the bar area...not one word! He walked up to the table, looked at us as we put in our orders, brought the drinks, and gave us a check without a single word! This was the only time we felt a staff member had matched the tone of the clients that frequent the hotel (the other staff members were exceptional).Net-Net:- Great Location- Great Service- A bit of a high-brow vibe (other guests, not staff)- Great for a Chicago weekend getaway!	
Mar 10 2008	Four Season with Three stars	A very nice centally located property. We had a Suite with a really fantastic view of Lake MI. The room had a humidifyer but wasn't working and smelled a bit musty. No in room coffee maker even in a suite! Bathrooms are a bit on the small side for the Four Seasons. Comfy bed. The second day they did not clean our room. My wife called and asked but no one ever showed up. We ate breakfast at Seasons. I ordered corned beef hash which was straight out of a can. Exceedingly expensive even by city standards ($65 for two at breakfast). Lousy coffee. Service was stale with no personality but the dining room is pretty. At check out we had several charges for mini bar items we did not consume. Not a bad stay overall but in this price range there are much better choices. Also on Saturday night they had a wedding reception that was a little out of hand with drinking in the lobby and elevator. Not a dissapointing stay but nothing to ever make me want to return.	
Mar 2 2008 	Grils Just "Wanna"have Fun!	Myself and 2 girlfriends wanted to indulge in a shopping weekend in Chicago. We are from Canada and decided because of our strong CDN$ that we would do a 3 day weekend of shopping, dining.....and yes, having fun. The 4S for the most part did not disappoint.Check in:On arrival to the hotel, the bellman guided us to the elevator that whisks one up to the hotel lobby which is several floors up. Upon exiting the lift, gracious surroundings await you. Front desk staff was prompt and courteous. We had booked the &quot;Girls Just Want to Have Fun&quot; package for our 3 day stay. Our 1 bedroom suite that we had reserved was not ready.....no problem, we were early and we were hungry. They would contact us when our suite was available. We moved over to the Conservatory where we had a lovely lunch and discussed our upcoming plans. I was contacted by cell that our suite was indeed ready. We went to the front desk and collected our keys and were told that the bellman and our luggage would accompany us to our room. Now here's the glich....Previously,I had phoned and been in direct contact with the hotel regarding the type of suite vs. connecting rooms, etc. that we should secure. Under advisement from hotel reservations (not central ressies) we booked a 1-bedroom suite. Now I am a Type AA traveller that likes to have everything in order. I had preordered a bottle of champagne to be waiting in our suite to kick off our expedition. Imagine my (and my friends) horror when we walked into our suite and I gasped,&quot;Oh my, pink carpet!&quot; Believe me, it got worse. I had specifically asked for a renovated suite and I ended up in a scary, 80's,pink carpetted, stained furniture suite.....at the FOUR SEASONS!! Needless to say, my friends and I wanted to bolt!! Yes, our champagne was waiting, but who felt like indulging?? We apologized to our bellman and told him to take our luggage away, as we would not be staying in this suite. A phone call to the front desk, did NOT deliver, &quot;I am sorry, Dr.XXXX, we will relocate you right away.&quot; Rather, the hotel is fully committed, I am not sure what we can do. Our weekend was not starting out the way that we wanted. One hour later, an associate came up from the front desk to show us 2 options. Weall wanted a separate bed, so offering us 2 king bedded rooms cancelled the first option. The second option was an executive suite beside (not connecting) to a 2nd room. Okay...this will work.Now, apparently there is an upcharge. I am sure the total lookof aghast, prompted them to see what they could do......Thankfully, our rates were left as we were quoted! So, here is the rub. We had just wasted 2 hours of our precious time without husbands and children on room negotiations. NOT the Four Seasons treatment, that I would have expected, but then, Dear Readers, check out my review at the 4S on Lanai (mousey area that prompted inexcusable response from management....I will never ever return there!!!) Okay, so we were checked in. We all took the elevator down to Bloomingdales (which is right below the hotel. Things are looking up :)Suites and Room:Thankfully, freshly decorated and very clean. Linens were lovely. The rooms have a decidely contemporary cool ( i.e. no warmth kind of cool.) Really, absolutely no complaints after our first looksee!! Washrooms were elegant in lovely marble. Robes and slippers and soft jazz greeted us as we were ready to turn in for the evening. Nice.Package:We loved the concierge ladies who assisted with our GJWHF package. Our day at NM with amkeover and personal consultant was fun! We loved our martini man who came one evening to our suite and indulged us with a favourite martini. Nice touch!Location:The hotel commands a great location on Michigan Avenue. We loved that we could shop and bring our treasures back to our suite/room and head back out again. You can't beat Chicago for shopping!!Restaurants/Lounges:Excellant food but sometimes spotty service. Nice music in lounge in the evening.Exercise Facilities:Small, but well appointed and very clean. Managed to get 2 workouts in during our stay.Overall:Would I stay here again? Maybe.... I would certainly check out the rates at the Park Hyatt and compare with 4S. After our rocky start, we did enjoy our stay. Sadly, our first impressions (and my other recent stay in Lanai), will not guarantee that I am a forever loyal 4S client. Happy and safe travels......	
Feb 29 2008 	Best hotel experience ever!	My husband and I stayed at the Four Seasons for a valentine's weekend gift to ourselves. We have stayed at some amazing hotels, but we both agreed this was our best hotel experience yet. The service was impeccable. We were in an executive suite overlooking the lake and it was gorgeous. We did NOT want to leave. In fact, we pretty much stayed in the room the entire time just to soak it all in. We waited longer than average for our car from the valet, which was our only annoyance the entire time. I noted this to the manager and they offered a free facial for a future visit. We can't wait to get back!!!	
Feb 9 2008 	The Best Ever at The Four Seasons	My husband and I went to Chicago for the weekend and stayed at The Four Seasons for our first time. We have been to Chicago dozens of times and stayed at many hotels, but The Four Seasons is the BEST! The service, our suite, and amenities were superb. I won the weekend trip from The City of Chicago Tourism Bureau's online contest and was picked from over 17,000 entries. We were treated like royalty and everything was so perfect! We even had a visit from a champagne butler and got a special card and chocolate truffle cupcake delivered to our room, as it was my birthday. To top everything off, we seen Carson Kressley in the lobby as we were leaving! The weekend was truly a memorable one!	
Jan 16 2008 	Home from Home	I’ve stayed here 4 times in total, 3 on business and the last time on holiday with my family. Each time has been a delight, the stay has always been excellent and the facilities are great. The last time I stayed for a week with my family, we had a corner suite which was perfect, for me, my wife and the two children, 9 and 13. The restaurant is excellent three of us had the tasting menu two with matching wines. The staff, were very attentive and friendly, looking after us all.The location is perfect just off Michigan Mile and right over a major shopping mall. In the area are lots of great restaurants and your only a couple of hundred yards from the lake.Highly recommended and we will be going back again.	
Jan 14 2008 	My Fav US Hotel!	The Chicago Four Seasons is one my favorite hotels- the service is impeccable from the moment you check in. The rooms are beautiful and perfectly appointed for total relaxation. It is a pleasure to come back to your room and relax after a work day; it's almost better then home (almost!) The best part is turn down service; when yo leave for dinner, housekeeping tidies up, refreshed your towels, lays out your robe, turns on light jazz music, and turns down your bed. I wish everyday could end like that! Room service food is delicious, and the hotel bar has the best collection of Scotches I've ever seen.	
Dec 16 2007 	Great Hotel!	Stayed at the Four Seasons Chicago for business. Very comfortable, accomodating staff, great room service, comfortable bed and great view of Michigan Avenue and Lake Michigan. I recommend for weary business travelers.	
Dec 4 2007 	Wonderful experience at the Four Seasons	Stayed here for three nights while my husband attending a CME course at the Four Seasons. We were offered a special rate because of the course -- Still expensive but very nice. I was very impressed by the professionalism of everyone from the bell captains to front desk to spa personnel. This has to be the cleanest hotel I've seen and I never spotted a maid cart once. When we arrived, we were asked if we wanted an upgrade for an executive suite. We took it as it was a very small amount. The room(s) was huge with a gorgeous view of Lake Michigan and Michigan Avenue (the trees were lit on our second night there before the parade). The location was perfect for shopping and restaurants. We had never stayed at a Four Seasons before but definitely will be back.	
Dec 3 2007 	Great with kids	We just took our kids (6 &amp; 7) to Chicago for the weekend and picked this hotel because its website promoted its family friendliness. The website was accurate. The hotel was very good with children and there were many nice touches the kids noticed and we appreciated.We stayed in a deluxe executive suite with a view of the lake as requested. The suite was nice with a great, comfortable bed, large bath and a comfortable sofa bed for the kids to share. We booked a kids in the city weekend and the add-ons with it were very useful. Kids could order free off the in-room children's menu. We had dinner one night and breakfast both mornings in the room. The price was high (for the 2 adults), but worth it for the quality of the food (excellent) and the convenience of having some casual meals with the kids. Both afternoons when we came back to the room, treats were left for the girls. When we first arrived, there were cookies and chocolate milk, a board game, crayons and an activity book as well as two kid-sized robes. My kids loved those robes! Also, the hotel arranged a trip from the ice cream man. He arrived at our door with a full cart decked out with ice cream and a dozen topping choices. I'd like to say the museums will be the strongest memory my kids will have of this trip, but in actuality, they'll remember the ice cream man for much longer.The package also had special discounts at local retailers (we only took advantage of the American Girl Place special - a free piece of doll's clothing) and free admission for one child to many local museums (we used several of these and saved over $50). The prices at the Four Seasons are high so we appreciated the little extras that were so thoughtfully included in their rates. Three other notes: 1) The location was excellent right in the midst of the Michigan shopping extravaganza. 2) The pool is another highlight for kids (the adults liked it too). So many city hotels either skip pools entirely, put them in the unattractive, airless sub-basement or link up to a sports club where only lap swimming adults are welcome. The Four Seasons has a lovely, spacious pool on the 8th floor with lots of natural light and a big hot tub. 3) The concierge was extremely helpful, getting us several last minute reservations. All in all, top-notch facility, staff and location.	
Oct 11 2007 	Predictably Four Seasons and Predictably Good	Here for business just for one night and hotel is predictably good for a Four Seasons. Nice location, nice and new renovated rooms (with the flat screen television, nice beds, nice views, etc) as well as a new bathroom. It's not quite the luxury you'd expect of a Four Seasons in a primary urban market (compared to New York or Paris or Hong Kong) but the service was excellent and there really was nothing to complain about at all. People addressed you by name, check-in./check-out was efficient. I don't think it has the cache or reputation of the Peninsula but it's definitely the second best in town.	
Sep 15 2007	Excellent Hotel!	We recently spent the weekend at the Chicago Four Seasons and everything about our stay was superb! The staff is very friendly and helpful. We stayed in one of the suites and it was wonderful. The bed was extremely comfortable. The suite was spacious and very clean. The turn down service was even top of the line. The location of the hotel is excellent and within walking distance of restaurants and lots of shopping. We had drinks in the restaurant and enjoyed the very talented pianist as we relaxed. This is a very classy, quality hotel. We will definitely return!	
Sep 9 2007 	Four Seasons - The Best Hotel I have stayed in!	I have just returned home from staying in the Four Seasons Hotel in Chicago. My boyfriend and I decided to take a weekend break away. Our expectations were high given the other reviews we had read and the fact that it is a five star hotel and we certainly weren't dissappointed. We booked a superior room and when we arrived we were asked if would like to upgrade to an executive suit at a reduced rate. Tempted by the offer we did just that. The room was lovely and we were very glad that we took the offer to upgrade. The room was was divided into two areas seprated by double doors. There was a lounge area with a sofa and comfy chair and office area in the corner. The bedroom was nicely done and the linen felt so soft on the skin. Each room had a plasma T.V. screen. The bathroom was a decent size with a separate bath (with enough room for two!) and shower area, with a power shower, of course. I suppose all of the above are to be expected from a top hotel, however, I think that what really makes this place great, in my mind, is the service. I am a particularly fussy eater and everytime I called room service to order something that wasn't exactly the on the menu they were extemely accomadating. The staff seemed gueninelly friendly and I got the feeling that they take pride in what they do. I really can't think of anything I can complain about, oh apart from the fact that we paid for the limo service to pick us from the airport and we weren't told that we had to go to a particular meeting place. It meant that we had to wait for about ten mins before someone found us.	
Sep 9 2007 	Complete luxury and wonderful for families too	We travelled to Chicago (part business, part leisure) with our 3 yrd old daughter.I spent hours researching hotels - when you have a small child and want a luxury hotel, the options are limited. I chose the Four Seasons because it seemed extremely family friendly, but still had all the luxury qualities that my husband and I have become used to during our travels &quot;pre-child&quot; !It was an AMAZING experience. We were offered an upgrade on arrival (for a small fee) to a one bedroom suite (we had booked an executive suite), but upon checking the rooms out, our exec suite was beautiful and had a much better view than the 1-bed bigger room so we kept the smaller one (which was far from small I might add, and overlooked Lake Michigan).With a small child there was plenty of room, and each night we had milk/cookies ready for her before bed.The bar area is gorgeous - if you like old fashioned sumptuous surroundings with accompanying pianist then you will love this place. The staff are amazing and remembered what we like to drink and gave our daughter so much attention - her favourite past-time was dancing next to the piano (and she even sat next to the pianist one night!). Pool is gorgeous and the gym is ok - a bit small, but fine for a few work-outs.Location is superb - next to the beach/loads of restaurants/near Lincoln Park and is on Mag Mile next to Macy's and all the designer boutiques.Don't miss out on the Sunday brunch - we forgot and ate breakfast about 1/2 hour too early in the other dining room - the brunch buffet looked fantastic and if you've got kids they have a supervised Harry Potter actitivity which gives parents an hour or so to themselves.Families will not feel out of place here at all. Although not swarming with kids (thankfully!) there is a good mix of families/business people and couples to make you feel comfortable.All in all an amazing hotel for everyone. We've been to some fab hotels (including the Jumeirah/Burj in Dubai) and this is up there with those.	
Aug 31 2007	Four Seasons Amazing	Just stayed at Four Seasons Hotel Chicago, it was amazing. The renovated guest rooms are great. Plasma TV, contemporary decor, great bathrooms and views. The staff is always welcoming and friendly.The meeting space was great as well, had a half day meeting one day and they are on top of service.As normal Four Seasons does an amazing job, and this hotel lives up to the legend.	
Aug 20 2007 	HIGHLY recommend this hotel	Don't hesitate to book your stay here. We were not sure whether this hotel would be worth the price, as sometimes we are disappointed when the service level does not live up to the reputation. The Four Seasons in Chicago had FANTASTIC service, wonderful rooms, beautiful views, perfect location, and a great wine list. I recommend staying at this property, and will make sure we stay here on every visit to Chicago.	
Aug 15 2007 	Very beautiful hotel	We booked the Four Seasons in Chicago based on the reputation of the hotel chain. Four Seasons stands for quality and service extraordinaire. We were not disappointed at all. The hotel is beautifully decorated. It is very luxurious with beautiful antique furniture. We stayed for the Canadian long weekend in August and our stay was perfect. We arrived at 9am on Friday morning &amp; had requested an early check-in. Of course, our room was not available. But, they allowed us to change in the spa and safely stored our bags. We gave them our cell number &amp; they called us when the room was ready which was around 2ish. We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite on the 32nd floor. It was a newly renovated room with a lovely view of Lake Michigan. We had maid service twice daily and bottled water delivered to our room in the afternoon. The hotel lobby is on the 7th floor. In the lobby they served coffee in the morning and ice cold fresh squeezed lemonade in the afternoon. Floors 1 thru 6 house Bloomingdale's department store and many other high-end boutique style stores. You are conveniently located at the corner of Michigan Avenue (magnificent mile). The hotel is at the very start of the mile so you can walk up and down both sides of the street and not miss a store. I would highly recommend this hotel. You will not be disappointed if you stay at the Four Seasons in Chicago!	
Jul 15 2007 	OK but nothing special	Generally, I am a big fan fo Four Seasons properties and while there are no serious issues, there is nothing that special either. Check-in is smooth, efficient and everything that one might expect of the Four Seasons. The desk staff are to be comended for their efficiency as well as their ability to tailor their discussion with guests (eg first time visitor versus business traveler). The lobby is rather unimpressive and could well be a part of a Sheraton or similar mid-line brand. Specifically, the furnishings are mixed and matched and appear to be part of a re-do in process. Floral arrangements are very impressive however.Rooms are fine and the bathrooms very lovely with L'Occitane products. One feature that I really liked in the rooms was the static guard spray. Very nice touch. The bar area is pleasant, and the service nice but really better for a quick business drink rather than anything social. Overall, I would recommend staying at The Peninsula if I wanted a spectacular over the top experieice, with great food spa and service (recently ranked #1 hotel in America by Conde Nast) or Park Hyatt if I wanted excellent service and a good bar.	
Jun 27 2007 	One night was not enough!	My experience of this hotel was fantastic. I had a deluxe room, and the room size was above average. Room furnishing and equipment was also very good and up-to-date, with plasma tv, large, modern bathroom, desk, bench seat in window and the most comfortable hotel bed that I have ever slept in! Would have stayed and caught a few more zzz's but for the early morning conference all I had to make.But when I did wake up, what a great view of the lake and the rising sun from the large window of my 45th floor room.Everything about this hotel left me wanting to go back again. Good location for the shops, stunning flower arrangements throughout the reception, and very pleasant staff.I was lucky enough to be travelling on business, but I wouldn't hesitate to stay here out of my own pocket as have stayed in much pricier hotels of an inferior standard.Well done the Four Seasons!	
Jun 15 2007	Great Hotel! ***** 5 stars	I stayed two nights at the Four Seasons Hotel in Chicago for an investor conference (that was held in the hotel) in May, and this is clearly a great hotel.This is a &quot;big city&quot; Four Seasons hotel, with an older, more conservative, formal decor, as opposed to the modern look of the Four Seasons in Manhattan. As in most Four Seasons, the service was impeccable, from the doorman, to check-in, to the concierge, to the service in the restaurant.The room was nice and spacious, with a large bathroom, nice robes, and comfortable beds, pillows, and bed linens. There was a very nice spa and fitness center with good cardiovascular equipment and some weight equipment. Food and service in the restaurant (for dinner) was very good. One of the best things about the stay was the price. I felt like I was in a 5 star New York hotel, but prices were about 60% of the prices in New York. I have high standards when in a 5-star hotel, this hotel lived up to all of them.	
Jun 6 2007 	Exactly what a luxury hotel should be	Beautiful facility, convenient location, and attentive but unobtrusive staff.	
May 16 2007 	Chicago's Finest; Renovation Nearly Complete	The Four Seasons Chicago is superb in every way, particularly after a multi-million renovation (which is still in progress).The Four Seasons, not to be confused with the Ritz-Carlton Chicago managed by the Four Seasons Company, is situated on Chicago's famous Michigan Avenue. The location could not be better, as it's just steps from the major shopping districts of Chicago, and easily accessible to various financial centers, restaurants and the John Hancock building.The hotel occupies floors 32-46, with the lobby situated above street level. Until the renovations are complete, some common areas and guest rooms will still reflect the classic style, but once complete, this property will exude a tasteful contemporary Four Seasons motif throughout.The service was exacting throughout, with an incredible degree of warmth. From the moment we arrived, we were welcomed pleasantly, in true Four Seasons form. Upon check-in, we were notified that we had been blocked in a newly renovated deluxe guest room, with a lake view. I had not had the opportunity to stay in this property previously, but I was quite pleased with the renovation. New furnishings were very tastefully selected, along with a designer bathroom. Most impressive however was the bed comfort; perhaps the very best I've had in a hotel. I travel very frequently, but never have I been so impressed by a hotel bed!The gym and spa area were terrific, and incredibly spacious. For a hotel of this size, I have rarely seen so many machines (all new) If you demand an impressive fitness center, this is your hotel.The Four Seasons Chicago will afford you a quiet, contemporary hotel central to all of Chicago's famous attractions, with excellent service. Regardless of your occasion, this hotel is certain to satisfy all of your expectations.	
May 8 2007 	Everything I expected	Our stay at the Four Seasons was spectacular. We were upgraded to a spacious suite with two large flat screen TVs. One of the concierges, Michelle, was very helpful and saved us from near disaster when Janponais lost our dinner reservation. She also helped us find a rental car when the local Enterprise was sold out. Drawbacks: it was annoying to take two elevators to get to the room and as my wife said, &quot;I prefer the robes at the Ritz.&quot;	
Apr 7 2007 	Great location and service	The location of the hotel is great and our room was very well-designed and luxurious. The entrance to the hotel is rather inconvenient and annoying as you have to take two elevators. The staff are helpful but very impersonal and they seem somewhat overextended.	
Jan 29 2007	Fantastic service	We had a fantastic time recently at the Four Seasons. The meals were top notch as was the service. Their concerige goes above and beyond to recommend iteneraries to suit all ages. We went with my elderly parents and got great seats tickets to some theatre and they organised an architectural boat tour which was spectacular.	
Jan 20 2007	Average experience	I stayed in a spacious room on the 38th floor with view on the lake. Interior decoration and bathroom were old fashioned and in need of touch up. I wanted to rest before a meeting in the early afternoon, but this was not possible because of renovation work noise coming from the upper floor. I complained and the answer was essentially that from 9 am to 5 pm renovation work noise is allowed. Room change was offered, but I did not consider it, because the next day I would have been out for work during that period. I do not think that giving me a room with renovation work noise and then offering a room change is a behaviour coherent with common hospitality principles.Stunning flower arrangements and abundance of staff are not sufficient to leave a good remembrance of a hotel.	
Dec 1 2006	Excellent Service	Excellent Quality and service. exactly what you expect from the Four Seasons! Guest services always knew your name, and they were very prompt in meeting any requests! Hotel staff was wonderful, and the room was excellent! Couldn't have asked for a better hotel in Chicago!	
Oct 3 2006 	Consistently Excellent	It's really simple: They did nothing wrong. Staff was polite, caring, helpful. Room was clean, neat, well tended. Expensive but worth it.	
Aug 15 2006 	Good Value Average Experience	I live in Chicago - and, from time-to-time, stay downtown at luxury hotels to enjoy all that the City has to offer. This time, I made the mistake of staying at the Four Seasons. The rate was very fair - $330 for a deluxe king room on the 45th floor. The room, however, was in need of a make-over. I requested a non-smoking room. And, at check-in, was assured that I was in a non-smoking room on a floor with some smoking rooms. When I opened the room door, it smelled like a mixture of cheap perfume and ashtrays. When I complained to the front desk, they offered to move me into a standard room on a low floor with a worse view. So, I decided to deal with the smell to experience the larger room on a higher floor with a great view. The bathroom was in need of a complete renovation. The fixtures have to be from the 1960's. The furniture was worn, scratched and dented. Most of all, the room technology was below poor. In what is supposed to be one of the most luxurious hotels in the United States, I found one, old 25 inch tube TV and no DVD player in the room. There was no wireless technology to access the Internet. Finally, when I called room service and asked them to recommend a champagne selection (the beverage menu was missing from our room), they only provided me with two choices (a bottle of Dom at $285 and a bottle of Veuve at just under $100). I couldn't believe this poor service from a hotel that is supposed to have a &quot;champagne butler&quot; to assist with the selection. In sum, I got a good rate - but, for that rate, I stayed in a smoke-smelling, run down, technology-bare room. And, the one time that I requested help from a staff member, I received mediocre service. I would definitely skip this location until they upgrade it and stay down the street at the Peninsula.	
Jun 22 2006 	Stay at the Peninsula	This is the Four Seasons people; it should be perfect, but it is average. The common areas are nice enough, but the rooms are really old. I pay over $700 a night and am watching TV on a 25-inch picture tube??? Why is the bathroom sink so old it makes me feel like I am stuck in the 60's? Why is the room service food reminiscent of a Hilton instead of Jean Georges? FS is getting by on brand name in this disappointing hotel. I stayed at the Peninsula two weeks prior and was wowed by the brand new rooms with all the bells and whistles that you expect from a $500+ five star hotel, and the lobby is nicer.	
Jun 6 2006	Lovely except for the noisy children	I had been in town on business on Chicago and was looking forward to a relaxing afternoon at the Four Seasons Spa, which came highly recommended by a friend from Chicago. I purchased a day pass and had an hour Swedish massage, and also ordered lunch to be brought in to me. The Positives: the dry sauna, the steamroom, the large towels, the accessible lockers and huge showers with all the amenities, the prompt luncheon service, the staff (very, very kind...too much so...see below), the eucalyptus-scented cool hand towels for after sauna/steamroom, the pool, the food, the variety of beverages in the pool area, the massage (EXCELLENT) and the fact that the Spa area is located on its own floor in relation to this large hotel so you are not bumping into hotel guests. The Negatives: This is my big peeve. And please don't get me wrong....I love children. However, there is a time and place for them, particularly in an upscale spa. I did not at all mind the children who were guests of the hotel having access to the pool, which is seperate from the Spa, Sauna, Steamroom and Showers/Locker Area. They were loud, as small (ranging in age from 2 to 10) children will be at swimming pools and did not mind this so much due to the fact that the lounge area for the pool where the juices and teas were located were seperated by a glass wall. I was however, VERY perturbed at the mommies who were seemingly oblivious to their noisy, loud, spoiled children running around the Spa area grabbing magazines and spilling juices unsupervised in areas they were not to be permitted. One child, about 8 years old, was dumping tea bags on the floor for fun. Mommy could see this child through the window and did nothing. I understood the Four Seasons Spa to be &quot;child-free&quot; except in the pool area. The staff knew the children were running around the Spa area and did nothing about it, perhaps out of fear of the mommies. They definitely turned a blind eye, and I can state definitively that these mommies and their children were not of any relation to anyone who owns the Ritz-Carlton group.At any rate, the relaxation of my massage quickly disappeared due to the children allowed in the spa area. If you luck out, you will visit on a day when children are truly not allowed in an area meant for adults who mean to relax. But do not count on the staff to handle it. I will try the Penisula Spa next trip.	
Jun 3 2006	stay in old fashion style	Stayed in a lovely suite on 31st floor. Saw that earplugs was provided but as it was not windy at all I did not experience the problems other reviewers have mentioned. The interior of the suite was oldfashioned and very pretty but yes one could also see that FS is in need of some touch up.I had breakfast in room and the service was vey good. The pool and gym facilities was excellent and I was lucky to find friendly helpful staff when needed.What else? Stunning flower arrangements in the public areas and very helpful concierge. As Chicago is one option for me to move to due to work I found the information they gave me very helpful.	
May 15 2006	Very nice hotel...but not totally FS experience	We were at the Four Seasons Chicago last weekend...The public areas are BEAUTIFUL, flowers everywere and the staff very friendly and helpful.We had drinks at the bar, and ate at the light asian table and everything was fine... one day we had lunch at the restaurant and the food and service was excellent.Our room was in the 36th floor with a nice view of the lake... the room was very comfortable with nice decoration, however it does not look like a regular Four Season's room, it is a little &quot;old world&quot; style.We used the spa services and installations (incl. pool)... the service was good, sometimes I was looking for help and there were nobody, I had to go to the spa reception to get help with the steam room, to get body lotion, that was weird because you see lots of people working and a second later, nobody.In genera, we had a good time, will go back again, but since we have been in several FS, I'm sure that the rooms need to be at the FS standards (even that the rooms are nice).	
Apr 3 2006	Not recommended	After staying at many Four Seasons properties over the years, including this particular Chicago location at least a dozen times, I have finally realized that this hotel desperately needs an overhaul. The lobby is gorgeous, the staff is generally accommodating and professional, the restaurants are certainly above average and the location is ideal. Also, there is an elegant complimentary coffee/tea service set up in the reception area each morning. This hotel had become a comfortable, familiar place to stay. However, after my most recent experience, I feel it no longer meets the impeccable standards of the Four Seasons. I had requested a room with 2 beds, and upon checking in, I immediately noticed that the room was quite dreary, although as with most of the rooms, the view was amazing. Carpeting worn, and there was a gap in the floor across the length of the room that had been carpeted over. The headboard banged against the wall, as it was not attached to anything; there was a lampshade on the desk that was about 3 sizes too large for the base; the vinyl backing to the draperies was ripped, worn and yellowed, and there was some unsightly mold/dust in one area where the wall met the ceiling. I called to request a room change, mainly because of the headboard, and they promptly moved me to a similar room, which was an improvement. I also want to mention, the clerk who assited me at the front desk was quite brusque. I was surprised, since most front desk personnel are usually most gracious and polite.That evening, due to high winds, our walls were creaking so loudly, we could barely hear the TV...and I am not exaggerating! I have heard these sounds in the past, but not to this extent. My daughter and I left for a few hours just to get away from the noise. Upon checkout the next morning, when asked how our stay was, I mentioned we barely slept due to the noise in our room from the walls creaking all night, so we were tired and did not enjoy our stay this time. The desk clerk half-heartedly apologized, but that was about it. This particular hotel does not maintain or operate under the Four Seasons standards of excellence. There are far too many choices of great hotels in Chicago, to be bothered and annoyed with accommodations and service like this.	
Mar 7 2006	Fabulous service	I do not understand all the negative reviews of this hotel. When I arrived, I was upgraded to a suite with fantastic views. Every single member of staff was charming and helpful and always used/remembered my name. The room was absolutely silent at night. I admit that it wasn't as new as the Peninsula but it had every amenity that you could possibly want/need and was nicely decorated. Of the public areas, the lounge was lovely (try afternoon tea, it's great) and the pool was beautiful. If you are there over a weekend, book for brunch on the Sunday - it is amazing and relatively good value for what you get.	
Dec 22 2005	Disappointing - needs renovating	Stayed here on business and chose if over the peninsula since it was slightly more reasonable. Not a good decision. The common parts are quite grand but the rooms are small and very dated. The bathroom, in particular, is not up to four seasons standards with i) no double sinks and ii) no separate stall shower (you shower in the tub). In addition, the fixtures look like they are out of the 1970s. The room was quite small, sparsely decorated and had no wireless internet access. The view of the lake was definitely the best thing going for it. I did not sample the food so cannot comment on that. Staff was courteous.Another reviewer pointed out that the hotel is noisy and creaks. I too experienced this and it woke me up several times during the night. It is a bizarre sensation hearing the building creaking around you! Overall, relative to other Four Seasons I have stayed at, this hotel was very disappointing and more akin to a 4 star than 5 star hotel.	
Nov 17 2005	Excellent hotel with one major drawback	This hotel was everything I imagined it would be with beautiful rooms and accomodations and very friendly service, until it was time to sleep. The walls on each side of the room creeked like an old wooden floor all night long. They say it's due to the wind and they provide earplugs, but nothing can block out this constant noise. It was miserable and we didn't sleep much at all. On the second night we found a humidifier which helped a little, but for Four Seasons, this was disappointing. I can't imagine this is the case in all the rooms, but hopefully you don't have the same bad luck we did.	
Sep 20 2005 	Perfect for any Season	Spring, Summer, Winter or Fall the Four Seasons Chicago is in a class all by itself.I recently stayed there on business while in Chicago. From the very first &quot; Oh Hello, Mrs. C. we have been expecting you&quot; ...to the &quot;Goodbye Mrs. C. we will look forward to seeing you again&quot; the entire experience was heavenly. It is obviously no accident the staff is well trained, polite, professional -without the slightest hint of stuffiness and &quot;No&quot; is just not in their vocabulary. The rooms are spotless, airy, spacious, elegantly appointed and oh so comfortable. I was upgraded to a Jr. suite on the 34th floor. My room was on a corner with huge windows on all sides with a beautiful view of the city. The single most impressive thing about my beautiful room was not the fabulous bed or two tv's or even three telephones or lightening fast internet connection...it was the complete silence of the room. I know for a fact the hotel was sold out for my entire stay but honestly I did not hear a single sound ...not a door slam, toliet flush, siren, honking horn...nothing absolute pure exquisite silence.Magically, my ice bucket was constantly filled to the brim with fresh ice and when I indulged in popcorn and Orangina from the mini bar they were mysteriously replaced the very same day. I was busy and needed to work on my computer and because of the comfort of the room decided to spend more time at the hotel and I can honestly say with the exception of venturing to Seasons for high tea, I ate every meal from room service in my room. High tea is an experience all of its own. I was dining alone and felt a little uncomfortable but any reservations I had were quickly dispelled when I was kindly given a beautiful small table with a breathtaking view and offered a variety of newpapers.  As I pretended to read my paper and munched on an assortment of cucumber sandwiches and deviled eggs, I felt like the Queen of England without the hat and gloves. The only difficult decison I had to make was dessert so I had three small divine ones. In Room dining was wonderful; quick, hot and delicious and served very professionally.My entire experience was delightful. You simply can't go wrong with this beautiful, elegant hotel. It's a true jewel in the Windy City.	
Sep 4 2005	Five Diamond Urban Midwestern Disneyland-Type Atmosphere	I've been a client of this hotel for 11 years (basically since it opened). I'm sad to see it recently transform from a tranquil urban oasis of fine accomodations, amenities, facilities and service into a glorified miswestern urban Disneyland-type atmosphere, overrun with screaming families, whose children repeatedly slam doors, throw things to the floor and create a general cacophony that can be heard even in corner rooms. If that's what you're looking for, then you will love this place and should make it your home away from home. But, if you're an adult on serious business or a couple looking to escape for a few nights, stay at the Peninsula instead-- that's where I'm staying next time.First off, if you're looking for a good swim or relaxing soak, forget about the pool and hot tub (and even locker rooms). Each time I came down to the pool, there were at least 4 children in the hot tub (hot water and kids equals you know what) and another 6-10 in the pool (ibid). On a previous stay, the pool had actually been closed for a day because someone's child made a mess in there. Don't even bring your bathing suit or goggles unless you plan to use them in your own bathtub. On my latest visit, I detected the stench of urine in one of the showers-- this was a first for me at this hotel and it is what ultimately motivated me write this review.The gym is pretty well equipped and I did get in a decent workout, but I wasn't able to swim because the pool was so overrun, nor did I use the hot tub after my workout because of the same reason. I even decided to shower up in my room because of the aforementioned problem in the locker room.As for the rooms, some other reviewers have mentioned that the decor looks dated and worn. I don't think so. The fact that the rooms are still original decor doesn't bother me-- I think they are very nice and have excellent views. Yes, the TV's are kind of old but they work fine and are well placed. The bathrooms are meticulously maintained. However, the room above us must have had 5 children in it, with the kids banging the doors, walls, screaming at the top of their lungs at all hours, early AM and PM, which prevented us from really unwinding-- the only quiet times were when the cacophanous family above us was out of their room. Housekeeping is excellent, room service is great, and the concierge staff is very good. It's still a five diamond hotel, but a more accurate description would be a five diamond urban midwestern Disneyland type atmosphere.	
Aug 29 2005	Yuk!! Crawling with Kids 	We love this chain and have stayed at other Four Season Hotels. However, we couldn't believe how bad this one was. Kids screaming and running around everytime we entered the hotel. All public areas were smoking areas. Empty cigarette wrappers were left on the tables. A group of 6 or so ten-year old little girls(unsupervised) were playing with make-up in the public bathrooms. They were still there when I came back a half hour later. Kids running in the halls. We have children ourselves and do not let them roam unsupervised in a hotel.Our room had not been vacuumed. Dried cereal was on the carpet by the bathroom. Pieces of food were under the bedside table. Ear plugs were provided by the hotel to block the noisy mechanicals. My luggage was lost by the bell caps even though it contained 2 luggage tags plus the Four Seasons tag. Our floor was subject to unannounced security sweeps which were never explained.We are world travelers who stay in all type of places from low to high price ranges. We understand inconveniences. This hotel does not deserve the Four Seasons name.	
Jul 25 2005	Great Hotel	Our family of four just spent 2 nights at the Four Seasons in Chicago. We stayed in one of the cheaper suites with an adjoining room for the kids. We had a great view of Lake Michigan. The rooms and furnishings were very nice, and the location was good - right around the corner from Michigan Avenue. The gym/spa was outstanding. The locker room had dry and wet saunas. Freshly squeezed orange juice was available along with fresh fruit and some other juices. The indoor pool was nice, although a bit small. (My kids made sure that they did cannonballs in the pool - imitating a scene from Home Alone II which had been filmed at the same pool.) We didn't eat at the hotel. Grabbed a drink at the bar which was fine. Free internet access was available at the business center.  Service was excellent. Bag handling, check-in and check-out was very efficient. The concierge was always helpful and friendly. Housekeeping was very quick and could be scheduled at your convenience. Incidentals included complimentary coffee in the lobby in the morning, lemonade in the afternoon. The kids got free popcorn and Cokes upon arrival. You can choose between the NY Times and one of the Chicago newspapers for delivery to your room. As part of the turndown service they provided complimentary bottles of water and earplugs. (Not sure why they provide the earplugs - we didn't have any problems with noise.) Overall, we thought that it was a great hotel. We would definitely be interested in staying here again if we return to Chicago.	
Jun 25 2005 	The best in Chicago!	It excells in detail for service and comfort! Unparallel views and fabulous bed!!! I had the best time...	
Jun 10 2005	Still the best!!!!	This hotel remains the best in Chicago! We stayed at the Peninsula Hotel 3 months ago. Although the Peninsula is very nice, you absolutely can not beat the Four Seasons service. We went there with our children on the &quot;Kids in the City&quot; package. The kids had a terrific time. There was popcorn and mini cokes in the room when we arrived. They prepared an awesome bubble bath for the kids with lots of toys and and the Sundae man came to our room and made the kids awesome Sundaes. The last thing too... room service was free for the kids. Oh yes, the pool is terrific too!!!! We will continue to make this our favorite hotel!!!!	
Apr 17 2005	No Ill Will Here	Excellent all around! I had some reservations, and considered The Penninsula, but our experience was wonderful. Lovely suite, with a view of Lake Michigan, as requested. Prompt and courteous service. Even our Pug recieved upscale accomodations! Don't be &quot;girlie men&quot; ( or women), there is nothing to fear at the Four Seasons. P.S. We are an out lesbian couple. For our like blessed brethren, The Seasons was welcoming at every turn.	
Apr 14 2005	Bring your kids! Excellent experience!	Wow - what a great getaway with my 5 and 7 year old. Rooms were perfect and very very clean. Pool and Whirlpool were great. Location is ideal for walking, shops or taking a carriage ride. Food at the hotel was great.The highlight was the special visit to our room by the Ice Cream Man! The kids loved it and it is very family friendly!	
Apr 10 2005	Yes it needs a renovation	We choosed the Four Seasons Chicago for a four day week-end in March 2005, because we are fans of this chain. The location was perfect on the Magnificient Mile: the service was excellent; the breakfast and lunch were very good; the room (it was an upgrade) had a magnificient view of the lake and the city; we even had windows that opened to bring fresh air into the room.But this hotel is dated: the room was small for a deluxe room; the TV was tiny, the carpets were used, the decor was old fashioned, and the bath/shower were not up to Four Seasons standarts. A major renovation is planned for 2006. Next time, we will try the Peninsula, even if we will not get the view of the Four Seasons.	
Mar 28 2005	Very pleased with the Four Seasons	We stayed just one night (March 24, 2005), because this was a last minute trip, however, we were very pleased with our stay at the Four Seasons in Chicago.My husband and I were traveling with our two sons (6 and 9) and we were so pleased with how family-friendly this hotel was! When we arrived, they had two freshly baked cookies and ice cold milk waiting for the boys. After a long day, this was so nice for them. We also took advantage of the &quot;Kids in the City&quot; package which allows children to eat free room service and entitles you to discounted shopping and museum tickets. If you are traveling with children, you definately want to take advantage of this!Our room was clean and spacious with a large parlor area, a bedroom with french doors and a large bath with separate tub and shower. Everything was very clean. Bed was very comfortable with feather pillows and comforters.The pool and fitness areas, which have well-appointed locker rooms and showers, are wonderful and clean. We didn't have time to take advantage of the spa, but a lot of other people did so. The staff was very courteous and we felt very pampered. We definately would go back!	
Feb 28 2005	Great Family Weekend		
Feb 9 2005	Needs Renovation!		
Jan 5 2005	Not Up to Four-Seasons Standards		
Aug 1 2004	First Rate....		
Jun 15 2004	Aaaahhhh mazing		
Mar 13 2004	Great hotel but the wind kept me up all night		
Mar 7 2004	Top Class		
Feb 19 2004	Superb Experience		
Jul 25 2003	Four Seasons is the BEST!!!		
Aug 3 2002	Ask About Construction - Jackhammering Overhead!!		
Aug 3 2002	???????????????		
Jul 28 2009 	????		
Oct 29 2008 	??????????		
Sep 19 2008 	Parfait !		
