	The Knickerbocker is a great experience.	From the time we arrived until we left, the Knickerbocker was a great experience. The staff was courteous, and the service was outstanding. The rooms were bright and clean and the food and service in the restaurant was superb.	
	Will be back	I stayed for 4 days and have nothing but wonderful things to say about this hotel. The concierge was super helpful and nice. All the staff were super helpful and nice. I liked the location just off of Michigan Ave for shopping. The hotel itself was lovely. Before booking I read the Trip Advisor reviews and really like the fact the hotel responded even to the &quot;bad&quot; ones. Very good hotel with good customer service	
Nov 25 2009 	Exceptional staff in all positions!	My wife and I recently spent six nights at the Millennium Knickerbocker in Chicago. The city was unfamiliar to us so we relied on staff--concierge, bellmen, and bartenders--to make suggestions on restaurants, music venues, tours, etc. In every situation, staff were helpful, informed, courteous, extremely friendly and engaging. Our room was clean and comfortable. I do quite a bit of travelling and would rank our stay near the top of any hotel in my experience.	
Nov 20 2009 	Stay in a Beautiful Hotel that Feels Like an Old Friend	The Knickerbocker is a beautiful old hotel that has completely updated, but retains it's old world charm. It is in the heart of the Magnificent Mile and close to shopping, restaurants and much more. The staff is friendly and makes you feel at home, and as if you are visiting an old friend. The Knickerbocker is truly a treasure, and I will stay there again.	
Nov 19 2009 	Dont look any further.You will love the Knickerbocker	Our stay at the KNICKERBOCKER was great, from the quick check in to the great rooms, and the shower was just what we were looking for. The staff was great, we truly enjoyed our 4 days in the windy city, the location was perfect for our romantic getaway, being from out of town the staff was so very helpful when looking for the perfect place to dine or have a drink. Quiet, clean and just the right size rooms, we will return to the Knickerbocker in the near future without searching for a better deal.Keep up the great work Knickerbocker Staff!!!!!!	
Nov 18 2009 	Lovely old-fashioned quaint [refurbished] dite	Wary at first as the lobby &amp; elevators were a little, worn, but the room although small was modern &amp; refurbished &amp; had a great sized tv w/good channels, very comfortable bed. Staff were professional &amp; responsive to queries. Hotel was situated near north Michigan Avenue, walkable to Navy Pier within a few minutes. Small bathroom but nice dark marble &amp; timber decor, option of shower head or handheld nozzle. Apparently a fairly historical site w/old 'crystal ballroom' &amp; celebrity guests including sorry can't remember!	
Nov 15 2009 	Magnificent Stay on the Magnificent Mile	The hotel was one of the most enjoyable hotels we've stayed at. It's has an intimate feel about it and is so convenient for shopping dining and sightseeing.	
Nov 12 2009 	Great Hotel! heavenly comfort at an affordable price - 2nd review	My stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker was an experience I won't forget in a hurry. Although I had a less-than-perfect start (which was noted and corrected promptly. Also got a gift and upgrade from the hotel) but my four night stay turned out to be a perfect stay in Chicago. Firstly I I must commend Markus Lechleitner, the Complex Director - Revenue Management for his attention to detail and persistent follow-up and ensuring I had a wonderful stay. Thank you Markus!Secondly, the hotel was affordable and most of all convenient during my stay as I attended a conference at the Drake. It also afforded me an opportunity to tour downtown Chicago with my tight schedule.Finally my bed was big, clean and heavenly comfortable - getting out of bed was a huge struggle for me. Lol! I really enjoyed my stay in Chicago - the Windy City. Will definitely come in again but this time on a full vacation with my family.	
Nov 12 2009 	Great Location	The location of the Knickerbocker on the Magnificent Mile couldn't be better, but I found the hotel to be a bit dated and the service lacking (for a supposedly 4-5 star hotel). 	
Nov 11 2009 	Prime Chicago Location	The Millennium Knickerbocker is in a prime location. the hotel is one block from the Magnificent Mile, and all of the great shopping, restaurants, sites that Michigan Avenue has to offer. Lake Michigan is a mere two blocks away, and the lake walking/biking path is easily accessed through a walking tunnel under the street (completely safe). Two blocks south of the hotel is the famous Hancock Building (go to the bar and/or restaurant at the top) and its amazing views of the lake and city. The Water Tower is about 4 blocks south of the hotel as well. Some of my favorite restaurants are steps away from the hotel (NOMI in the Park Hyatt, Le Colonial, Rosebud Steakhouse). During Christmas this area is beautifully decorated. The famous Drake Hotel is directly across from the Knickerbocker as well. The rooms in the Knickerbocker are small, but nice. The lobby can get a bit crowded at times, but the location is hard to beat, and the price is right compare to most Magnificent Mile hotels.	
Oct 23 2009 	What a Great Surprise.....scored A+	The great location, very comfortable and clean rooms ( what a nice bed!!!!), nice lounge to hang before and after our programs, everyday tips and information flier regarding tours and sight seeing ( incredible lady at the concierge service), the only down was the weather....cold and rainy.... but we all had lots of fun...	
Oct 23 2009 	Great location and rooms	Can't beat the location - just off Michigan Ave, across from the Drake. Rooms are newly renovated and lovely. We asked to switch rooms (after initially requesting a king size bed) because the room was so small. The staff was accommodating and the second room - with two double beds - was just fine. No exercise facilities, but great walking/jogging in neighborhood. No free internet in room, but could get wireless in lobby and on mezzanine where there were quiet spots.	
Oct 18 2009 	Top notch service	The front desk was wonderful and completely helpful. There was a few problems with my room at check in and the staff was very apologetic and moved me to a different room right away. Craig and Justin at the desk were wonderful and made out stay more enjoyable. We will always come back to this hotel the next time we are in Chicago	
Oct 12 2009 	Outstanding--above and beyond our expectations.	We held our September wedding at the Millennium Knickerbocker. Everything was spectacular. The 250+ guests that attended are still raving about their experience, as are we, the bride and groom. Everyone from the valet to concierge to banquet staff to our catering manager did everything they could to make our stay effortless and pleasureable.	
Oct 11 2009 	Excellent service	The staff went above and beyond. They were so friendly and accommodating. We were very impressed. The location is also good if one is interested in shopping on Millenium Mile. Right across from Bloomingdales.	
Oct 10 2009 	Elegant friendly and close to everything we needed	Room with 2 beds was large enough for both of us. Rented a car from hotel around the corner, close to public transportation. Good breakfast spots due south (Mary's, West Egg)	
Oct 9 2009 	Lackluster	Clean, modern room in a good location, however service providers were very unconcerned and lack of attention to the detail ( never used guest names or asked for feedback upon check out). During the c heck out receptionist did not show me where id breakfast area, opening times etc. 	
Oct 6 2009 	Nice place - I love the Euro-esque bathrooms	I ended up at the Knickerbocker after the Hilton Suites next door overbooked the property and ended up moving me to the Knickerbocker, at their expense. It ended up being quite a pleasant experience.The hotel is in an older building, but the interior has been modernized. The lobby is small and a little disappointing, but the staff at check-in was exceptionally pleasant.The room, a king, was of a good size, modern, tastefully if blandly decorated, and comfortable. The plush king bed was very comfortable (The &quot;I Don't Want to Get Out of Bed&quot;-type comfort), and the big flat-screen TV rocked.I loved the bathrooms. Roomy with walk-in showers only (A big plus for me), with both and overhead nozzle and a separate hand-held nozzle, ala Europe. The high-end bathroom amenities were also very nice.The location was great for shoppers and tourists, right off the toniest end of the Mag Mile. (I generally prefer edgier, earthier hoods when I stay in a city). It's a block from the many CTA bus lines that roll up and down N. Michigan Avenue.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great spot great price great room	We stayed here as an alternative spot for a friend's wedding. The price was about 50% to 65% of what it costs to stay at similar hotels in the area. First the minuses. 1.) The standard rooms are small. if you want a little more space you might want to upgrade. 2.) Since the hotel has been recently rehabbed you can see some of the stuff that the covered or painted. 3.) There really are no views from the hotel. Now the plusses. 1.) The shower is AWESOME. Probably one of the best hotel showers I've seen. Rain shower with wand, great pressure and the enclosure didn't leak like a lot of these shower stalls do. Very nice. 2.) The fixtures and finishes in the rooms were top notch. Very modern and clean. 3.) The bed was great. Better than some hotels that promote their beds. Great nights sleep.Overall. This is a great space for a trip where you are not going to be spending much time in the room. If you were in town for a conference or for work where you will need to spread out your stuff it might not work. Anyone else should really like the experience. All I care about when I travel is having a nice bed and a good shower to relax in after a long day. If you are the same this is a good spot for you.	
Sep 29 2009 	Perfect Tourist Destination	Staff is attentive and helpfulRooms are very clean.Great location if you are there to see the city, the Navy Pier, and the Mag Mile.	
Sep 26 2009 	Best bed ever	I loved this hotel - fabulous old building but with first class modern amenities. Great location, as it's so close to both lakeshore and city. Chicago is such a walkable city, so this was a superb base. The staff were just lovely - so very friendly and efficient. The room was wonderful - very, very comfortable and exceptionally clean. Great chair. Great coffee. Lovely bathroom with a huge, absolutely fantastic shower. It was also extremely quiet. That, and the best bed ever, meant I slept so well and since I was there for a week, that was very important to me. Yummy martinis at the Martini Bar. I will most definitley be back!	
Sep 23 2009 	Remarkable location...wonderful hotel	I stayed in the Knickerbocker for 3 nights the second week of September. I could not have been more pleased with the location of the hotel in Chicago's Gold Coast immediately across from the Drake Hotel. It's in the block next to the John Hancock building and a block from some of the most amazing shopping you will ever encounter. The knickerbocker hotel was extremely comfortable! I had two 42 inch flat screen tv's in my room. The bathroom far exceeded what I've come to expect from a typical hotel. It had a waterfall shower head, glass shower and very modern bathroom fixtures. The King bed was truly restful. I wouldn't hesistate to recommend this hotel to my colleagues. When I'm in Chicago I would stay here again.	
Sep 20 2009 	Outstanding locatiion; Outstanding Staff; Great Value !	Great hotel.... highly recommendable!thanks for a great time... we will definitely be back	
Sep 19 2009 	A wonderful hotel with thoughtful details and friendly staff.	We enjoyed our stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago. Upon arrival we were treated with great hospitality. The desk staff was friendly and took the time to visit with us about our room and its pros and what she thought might be a con - the size. Our room was small, but was beautiful and very comfortable. We had a great view of the lake. The furnishing seemed expensive and unique. They decor was fabulous and the bed was delightfully comfortable with great linens. The room was very clean upon arrival and was always cleaned with perfection each day we returned from our adventures throughout the city. The hotel as a whole seemed like we stepped back in time. I loved the boutique feel from the mirrored elevators, rotary style phone in the hallway to the old mail slots. We would definitely stay here again! We loved Chicago and this hotel.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great Location Friendly Staff 	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago for four nights in early September. We were very pleased throughout our stay. The room was small, yet comfortable and modern. I liked how the room was decorated with warm colors. The bed was AMAZING! The front desk was helpful and happily answered any questions that we had. We never got a chance to have a drink at the Martini Bar, but it was always crowded at night. Our overall stay at this hotel was incredible and we were very impressed. We would highly recommend this hotel to friends and family. =)	
Sep 12 2009 	Great stay at the Knickerbocker	Visited Chicago for the Labour Day long weekend, had a great time and loved the Millennium Knickerbocker. As a woman travelling alone, I appreciated the location just off the Magnificent Mile as it always seemed well-populated and safe, even at night.The area can be a big crowded during the day as there are lots of shops &amp; landmarks in the vicinity, but I found some of the side streets much less busy and good for quick shortcuts to the subway, etc. Speaking of which, it's about a 10 minute walk to the Chicago station on the red line, which is great and connects you to most of the major sights in the city.The lobby &amp; elevators have some, shall we say, historic charm, but the rooms have been recently renovated and have all the modern comforts and conveniences like rain shower heads and minibars. The room &amp; bathroom were decorated very tastefully and the housekeeping staff kept them both spotless.I got a great deal on this hotel on Priceline, and would recommend it to anyone in a heartbeat.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great Hotel in a great location.	We stayed at this hotel for 10 days and could not fault the service we received. Its location was ideal for our visit to Chicago. Staff were very friendly and helpful and room was immaculate. I would recommend the show &quot;Jersey Boys&quot; to any visitor. Brilliant entertainment.	
Sep 6 2009 	nicely updated rooms	Although the hotel itself appears a little worn outside/lifts/in the corridors, the rooms have been nicely renovated and the beds are very comfortable. View from window of another building wall was disappointing, but room still had enough natural light. Large flatscreen TV in room is nice, not that we had time to watch.Didn't use hotel bar or restaurant - lots of excellent restaurants etc nearby to be experienced!!Good location being near John Hancock building - used this as our landmark to find our way on maps and when out and about. Also great to be near the mag mile shops!	
Aug 30 2009	Great Location Better People	We were a party of two couples and had a wonderful stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker. Excellent service from all we had contact with. We were able to walk to most of our destinations. Great city to visit we loved it and make sure you chat with the guys at the front entrance for any tips or suggestions on where to go to eat, they were quite helpful. We would gladly stay again.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great location nicely updated rooms	Booked on Hotwire and got a very good rate for 2 nights. Checked in late morning and they had a room almost ready, so we checked in and put our bags in the room . . . the only thing not complete was re-sheeting and making the bed. When we arrived back after dinner the bed had still not been made, so the desk upgraded us to an executive room and was very apologetic.Nicely updated bathrooms and well-appointed rooms. Parked the car ourselves to save about $15 per night (a number of garages close-by, but some take cash only). Would recommend this hotel - an easy walk to the lakefront and Michigan Avenue. Red Line is about a 1/2 mile walk if you need to get around town and don't want to utilize one of the many cabs in the area.	
Aug 28 2009 	Great value and a great staff	Stayed here for a surprise trip for my husband's birthday. I received an email one week prior to my arrival from the Concierge asking if they could assisit in any way. I had several questions and they answered each one and even went further by booking reservations for me and help with transporation. The service once we arrived was top notch and the location is fantastic. I recommend this hotel if you are traveling to Chicago.	
Aug 28 2009 	Fabulous service beautiful rooms perfect location	We arrived in Chicago with three young kids. We were greeted warmly at the door, and every person we dealt with at the Knickerbocker made us feel special. The doorman recommended the least expensive place to park our car. The concierge had many recommendations that were perfect for a family with kids. The front desk employee who checked us in upgraded our room without a request and for free to a one bedroom suite because of the &quot;three angels&quot; (her words, not mine!) we were traveling with. I can't say enough great things about every aspect of our experience at the Knickerbocker!	
Aug 28 2009 	met all our needs	great deal on price and the bathrooms are just grand, especially the ceiling shower heads	
Aug 20 2009 	Good Stay....Awesome beds!	There were three of us couple traveling together and with our early flight we arrived at the hotel at 10AM, hoping for an early check-in (yes, way early check-in). The front desk was busy checking out guests while we were trying to get a room. It was a very busy weekend considering the annual air and water show was in town and the hotel was sold out. The front desk made a call to housekeeping to see if they had at least one room ready for our party so we can at least put our bags and rest for a bit. They were able to accomandate! Awesome start...Things continued just fine during our stay. Friendly people all around. The rooms are newly renovated and look great. The beds were amazing! The walls were thin though as you could hear hallway noise easily. Location is great for Chicago....we were close to everything we wanted to see and we could hop on the train easily or catch the 151 bus. (hint: buy a 3-day CTA pass.... we traveled all over for only $14). You might want to bring some waters and pop as the mini-bar charges an arm and leg, but what hotel doesn't these days. I would stay again.... especially for the bed!~	
Aug 19 2009	Elegant and Historic	The Millennium Knickerbocker is a gem of a hotel. Built in 1927 it is gorgeous, luxurious and very comfortable.Our room was beautifully decorated. Very modern looking. Our bed was a pillow top and I slept as well there as my own bed. The bathroom was very exceptional with a great shower.The location is great also. One and a half blocks from The Hancock Bldg. Two blocks from Rush street which has great resturants and bars.The staff is very attentive and customer service driven.	
Aug 17 2009 	For the price and location can't beat it!	For those who would want to stay at the Drake primarily for the location but want something much more affordable, the Knickebocker can't be beat. The view from our room (and from most of the hotel, I would imagine) is definitely not comparable, but being at the very north end of the Mile and one block from both the lake and Michigan Avenue definitely makes this appealing. The one thing I found slightly concerning was that the staff was not as courteous/professional as one would expect at a hotel of this caliber. We had the concierge look into booking a tour for us, and they never called us to confirm the reservation. Other than that, the general sense I got from the employees is that they wished they worked across the street at the Drake....	
Aug 9 2009 	Excellent place to stay with a great location	I was very happy with my stay at the Knickerbocker. The room were nice, and the staff was excellent. I was able to stay here for $80 per night thru Priceline. That was an incredible bargain in my opinion .. this hotel is very nice. It has an excellent location ... just off of Michigan Ave. All of the best shopping in Chicago can be found right around the corner. It's a great location ... very close to many great attractions.If there is any negative it would be that there is no swimming pool, but I think that is common with a lot of the older hotels in Chicago,I would definately recommend this place ... hopefully I will be able to stay there again in the future.	
Jul 28 2009 	Highly recommend this hotel for your individual or family stay	The room rate was great for a center city Chicago hotel. The location is close to shopping and restaurants. The staff was extremely helpful and courteous. As for the room, it was clean and well appointed. The best part was the bed which was so comfortable because of the soft bedding, high quality mattress and down coverlet.	
Jul 26 2009 	Amazing	absolutely amazing hotel, never stayed at one quite like this!!! clean, small updated rooms. very friendly staff wanted to help at any given moment!! We stayed for our 10th anniversary and would stay again for sure!!! Within walking distance to most restaurants and just a 1/2 block from the Magnificent Mile and just 1 block from the John Hancock tower. Also just a short cab ride from the shedd aquarium and the planetarium and the navy pier also millennium and grant parks. ALL IN ALL VERY NICE COZY PLACE TO SPEND WITH YOUR WIFE OR HUSBAND!!!!!!!!!	
Jul 23 2009 	Pampered at the Knickerbocker	From the moment we arrived we were welcomed by everyone, they seemed genuinely glad we were there. Our room was amazing, every detail was perfect, comfort and luxury. We were given excellent tips to get around town and welcomed home we returned.. We will definitely return again. Thanks Knickerbocker Staff.	
Jul 21 2009 	Great location and junior suite is perfect for family with teenager	We stayed in a junior suite with teenage son. The room was spacious and comfortable. The hotel staff was super helpful and responsive to any request. The hotel is located in such a convenient spot. We could get anywhere we wanted in just a few blocks walk ... either to our destination or to public transportation. The staff was great about helping us navigate which trains to get where. It is a short 4-5 blocks to the red line at Chicago and State, which has stops within two blocks of Wrigley Field (Cubs) and US Cellular Field (White Sox). You can catch a bus about a block and a half away that delivers you right to museum campus and Solider Field (Bears). Great dining and walking tours of neighborhoods and restaurants. Would recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Jul 6 2009 	Amazing Hotel!	The Knickerbocker hotel is fantastic! It's an old hotel with updated rooms - so you get the old-timey charm and fresh comfort all at once. The hotel has a fabulous location. It's a one minute walk to the Cheesecake Factory and Bloomingdales, and about a 5 minute walk to Einstein Bagel Company (the best bagels and cream cheese EVER), Macys and Saks. This location can't be beat. You're at one end of the magnificent mile, so it makes for easy strolling, as you don't start in the middle and then backtrack. The hotel staff are super helpful and friendly. Checking in and out was very smooth, and the concierge (Cheryl) was amazing. She booked all our dinner reservations and activities for us, and recommended an incredible restaurant called Carmines which was a 5 minute walk. It was the greatest italian restaurant I have ever been to, and I can't recommend it more.The rooms are small but not too small. We had a beautiful big samsung flat screen, cordless phones, a rain shower, ample clean towels, and beautiful marble countertops. The hotel rooms have european charm to them and made me feel like I was at a 5 star hotel in Europe. The beds are very comfortable and the duvet is soft like butter.The only complaint I had was that housekeeping woke us up at 8:30 one morning when the knocked on our door despite the fact that we had the do not disturb sign on. When we answered and asked her to come back later she seemed a bit miffed. The issue was corrected, though, and it didn't happen again during our 4 night stay. The hotel has some unique items on their room service menu - ie - grilled cheese with mini tomato soup for dipping. Very cute. Their late night menu, however, is lacking. It would have been nice to see some soup on there. That being said, I RARELY order from room service when on vacation, so I really don't see that being a big deal.Overall I would recommend this hotel without hesitation. I think we paid about 130 a night and I would say it was worth far more than that. We had a wonderful experience and I truly look forward to staying there again....wouldn't stay anywhere else!	
Jul 3 2009 	Great service perfect location very helpful staff	The staff is very helpful, the rooms are very clean, and the location was perfect for me. I got a special deal so paid much lower than their regular rates.	
Jul 1 2009 	A Wonderful Hotel	My niece and I stayed at the Millenium Knickerbocker from Friday June 26 until Monday June 29. We arrived early in the morning and our room was ready for an early check-in, for which we were very grateful! The room was beautiful, comfortable and had all of the amenities one could wish for. The front desk, the bellhops, the house maids and the concierge were all friendly and polite, coming to our assistance when needed. The location of the hotel could not have been more convenient, a few steps from the finest shopping, dining, and bus services. I will definitely recommend The Millenium Knickerbocker to my friends and family and will reserve it for my next visit to Chicago!	
Jul 1 2009 	Our stay at the Knickerbocker made our first trip to Chicago a memorable experience!	Prior to our visit in Chicago, I did not know anything about the city. I frequently use TripAdvisor.com to research and plan my trips, and this is how I found out about the Millenium Knickerbocker. We stayed for 4 nights, which reduced the price per night due to an online hotel promotion. We are normally budget hotel frequenters (i.e. Hampton Inn). I cannot say enough good things about this hotel.1. Accomodations: we booked a superior king (which is a corner room). When asked to upgrade to a room with a view, they gave us a street view of East Walton Street (where the hotel front faces). Although disappointed at first, we loved the room. There's enough space for two people and we experienced no outdoor noise from the street. It is a small one-way street so there's not a lot of thru-traffic. The bed is very comfy, the modern decor is funky and the bathroom is cool with the big shower stall and rainfall shower-head. It felt like I was in a spa bathroom.2. Service: everybody was extremely helpful. I read a Frommer's Chicago city guide book cover to cover before arriving, but we also relied heavily on the concierge staff for many suggestions. Les and his staff were fabulous! They are so knowledgeable about the city - all the restaurants suggested were excellent and their sight-seeing tips were so helpful. Tjhey secured us reservations for places that weren't in my little guide book and we loved them! If you don't know Chicago, use their hotel concierge service for suggestions.3. Location: the hotel is located on the northern end of Michigan Avenue, but it seemed so close to everything. On a nice day, you can walk the Miracle Mile down to Grant Park or the Chicago River in 20 minutes. You are near so many restaurants and shopping, all within walking distance. The Hancock Observatory is 1 block away (all the locals said to go there instead of the Sears Tower). We did not rent a car (the price is high for parking at the hotel or basically any hotel) and just cabbed or walked everywhere - so worth it.4. Drawbacks: their restaurant menu (and room service) are a bit pricey for me. The food was good but I would prefer going someplace nearby for breakfast instead of dining in.You will always read good and bad reviews based on personal experience, but ours was nothing but excellent. I recommend staying here and will stay here again on our next visit to Chicago.	
Jun 30 2009 	Good loaction Average hotel	We Stayed for a weekend and was ho-hum about hotel. The location was great right off of North Michigan Ave. The room was small &amp; the bathroom even smaller. More of a european type hotel. The hotel was clean but maybe a bit rundown. Service was average. If you can hotwire the hotel for a low price like I did, it's OK, but probably we will not stay here again.	
Jun 28 2009 	Loved the stay here! Would come back!	Loved my stay here at the Knickerbocker hotel. Stayed (6/21-6/24) in the corner King suite room 327 (or 328 can't remember now but it's the corner suite on 3rd floor). Very comfortable room and nice quite stay. The bed was heaven. Loved the bed. Enjoyed the turn down service and would certainly come back. The martini bar down stairs is a must. The location is fantastic for shopping very close to John Hancock tower and the water tower shopping center also bloomingdales shopping, louis vuitton and channel and Oak Street shopping. The bath tub was wonderful. Deep tub, loved it. The over head rain shower and wand was wonderful as well. The only negative thing is the wi-fi of $9.95 per day is steep. I don't think that when you are staying here you should have to pay for the wi-fi.	
Jun 28 2009 	Perfect location-modern decor-classic hotel-clean-flat screen TV-WiFi-1/2 block from Lake Michigan 	My 16 year old daughter and I were on a 2 day layover, from traveling to The University of Notre Dame, and I searched the internet, looking for locations near &quot;The Drake&quot; Hotel. The Millennium Knickerbocker is a &quot;gem&quot; in the precious city of Chicago. The rooms are clean, modern, good lighting, great and comfortable bed, very contemporary bathroom, flat screen TV, coffee/tea in room, and very pleasant and courteous staff. I received an anticipatory email before our arrival and the concierge had everything ready for me when I arrived that I had requested. The emails were returned in 24 hours with each correspondence. I also was treated like royalty when I was checking out and needed to take a cab to O'Hare, and asked the bell men to get me a responsible and mature cab driver that would not be a maniac driving us to the airport and they did this expeditiously to the point that I was happy to tip each of the men involved. Restaurants are close by as are shopping and jogging along the Lake. It is 1 block from The John Hancock Building and across from The Drake and Spiaggia, my favorite restaurant in Chicago. We are going back in 2 weeks for the 4th of July and I am so happy to have found The Millennium Knickerbocker.	
Jun 28 2009 	Great Location Great Value and Great Place to Stay	We really enjoyed our stay at the Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago. We wanted to stay in a hotel near or in the downtown area so we could visit Michigan Avenue and the Business Loop. The Knickerbocker met both of those needs. We were within walking distance to most shopping areas and fine restaurants and public transportation was just around the corner, too.We also wanted a place we could relax and be comfortable after spending 10+ hours walking about Chicago. The room was spacious, very comfotable, always clean and the hotel staff made it very easy on us anytime we needed anything. The hotel staff always met us with a pleasant good morning or good evening and a big smile. It makes a difference in comfort level when you are surrounded by a staff that wants you to feel comfortable away from home.The bed was awesome! Very soft yet firm, very comfortable, nice to have a good bed to sleep in after a long day of fun.The hotel bar was nice and friendly, good place to meet other travelers from all parts of the globe. This hotel was very nice and we will stay here again should we venture to Chicago again...hopefully soon!	
Jun 27 2009 	This was a fantastic experience.	We had a wonderful time and my teenagers really enjoyed the experience of an &quot;older&quot; hotel. The boys found a food pantry around the corner, thanks to the help of the bellman, and we were able to have reasonable &quot;snacks&quot;. The hotel's location is great - close to the John Hancock and Michigan Ave. Take the Chicago Trolley Tour - a great way to see the city.	
Jun 24 2009 	Fantastic...	This is a fantastic place to stay if you're in downtown Chicago. It's just off of north Michigan Ave. where there is PLENTY of shopping to be had, within 5-7 minute EL stop at State St. and Chicago Ave., a couple of blocks from Lake Michigan and Lake Shore Drive.... it is just a great location. The hotel staff could not be nicer, more friendly or helpful. From the doorman, to the front desk attendants, to the Concierge, to the bellman, just the best. The room we had was on the 9th floor and one could see the beach of Lake Michigan between the buildings with the Drake hotel across the street. The bed was extremely comfortable, loved the shower that felt like a waterfall with the fixture in the middle of the ceiling.The only thing I would not recommend is to pay $50 for overnight parking. There are other less expensive options and directly across the street at the Drake hotel is parking for $35 overnight. Other than that, you will be well pleased by staying at the Knickerbocker hotel.	
Jun 23 2009 	I wish I could take this bed back home!	We stayed at the Millenium Knickerbocker hotel for 7 nights, in a 2 queen beds room. Room: the room was spacious and spotless. Our beds were super comfortable; I could have taken mine back home, along with the soft bed sheets! Only downside: walls are a bit thin. Bathroom was beautiful and with plenty of amenities. However, there was only 1 bathrobe, even though we were 2 (we did not ask for a second one).Funny detail: take a look at the mini-bar... you can find everything in it. Beverages, cheese crackers, toothpaste, toothbrush and even an &quot;intimacy kit&quot; (containing condoms, towelettes and lubricant gel). Very thoughtful of the management :)))Staff: One evening we had a problem with the internet connection; it was promptly taken care of. Staff was very polite everywhere, from front desk to breakfast room. Breakfast: you can either order from the menu, or take the buffet (approx. 20 USD). The buffet is OK, however we would have liked a wider selection; e.g. there was no cheese (except from Philadelphia) or ham. But, everything was tasty and of good quality.Dinner: we dined in our room one night, food was good (tomato soup was delicious)Location: OK, indeed it is not exactly downtown but like a 15 mins walk to the Millenium Park. The nearby (5 mins walk) Rush street is full of restaurants and bars, so it is not like you have nothing to do in the evening. And it is a very upscale and SAFE area (for me this is more important than being exactly downtown). Excellent for shopping too, just around the corner from Michigan avenue, where the Magnificent Mile begins. Plus, only a 3 mins walk from the John Hancock Center. The panoramic city / bay views from the JHC 94th floor observatory are the best, and the lines are much shorter than those for the Sear's tower Skydeck. Night view is also a must, and if you are there on Wednesday or Saturday evening, you will also enjoy the Navy Pier fireworks show; it looks even more spectacular from the 94th floor.	
Jun 18 2009 	A great find-definitely the place you want to stay at	By dumb luck we found the Knickerbocker and feel like we hit the jackpot. EVERYONE tried very hard to be helpful and the location was super. Rooms are clean, comfortable and quiet. The hotel was willing to match the price found on Hotwire, which was very reasonable for Chicago.For breakfast try the Oak Tree ( located at 900 Michigan Ave.). This was suggested by one of the staff and we liked it so much we ate there everyday. All rolls, muffins,cookies are made there.We will definitely return to Chicago and the Knickerbocker.	
Jun 16 2009 	Great Location 	We stayed here for 4 nights at the end of April and overall found it a very nice hotel. It was certainly good value at $420 (prepaid). Yes the room was very small (I'm sorry now reading other reviews that we didn't go for an upgrade) but it was comfortable and had everything. I did find boots under the bed (that weren't ours) so housekeeping might not be as thorough as one would hope! It was the first scorching weekend and I noticed the A/C wasn't fantastic but it worked. Liked the bar for a cocktail before going out, it had a lovely old fashioned feel to it and the bar staff were very friendly. The concierge was excellent, couldn't do enough for us and the doormen/porters were good fun with spot on recommendations. We thought the Knickerbocker breakfast buffet was very good and the doormen sent us to a FAB place nearby called TEMPO when we wanted a nice Sunday brunch. It's an old hotel (I don't know what the rooms were like before) with a bit of welcome character - the only 'surprising' section was the check in desk, it really let the lobby down but perhaps it hadn't been renovated yet? Great location - near the beach if you get sweltering weather like us and a perfect base for sightseeing. We never used room service or looked to eat there aside from breakfast so didn't even notice what time services stopped. We just wanted a comfortable, clean &amp; convienient base from which to see the city and the Knickerbocker ticked those boxes. If you like your meat Fogo de Chao (a few blocks away) was EXCELLENT, well worth a visit. Also a Boat Trip through the city is a MUST.	
Jun 12 2009 	LOVED CHICAGO The Millennium Knickerbocker Made It Easy!	Stayed for a long weekend and had a blast. Booked online directly with the hotel and prepaid well in advance, only to find the room rates reduced later. When I brought this to the hotel's attention, they compensated us by offering my party (3 adults) complimentary breakfast each morning. This turned out to be very convenient because we started off each day with a good meal and it saved us the time of trying to decide where to go to eat each morning. The food selection was very good. On the weekend, a buffet with cold cereals, fresh fruit, yogurt, hot foods (eggs, bacon, sausage, potatos, pancakes, french toast), an assortment of breads, muffins, pastries, bagels; Juices, coffee, tea. If you forego the buffet, their breakfast menu offers a wide selection: fresh fruits, breads, eggs (any style) including omelettes and benedicts, waffles, pancakes, a la carte items. The hotel is conveniently located just off of Michigan Avenue, the Mag Mile! In the other direction, just two blocks away is Lake Shore Drive with a great view of the Lake, Navy Pier, beautiful homes. My traveling companions found the room to be small (Superior with double beds), but I found it to be fine. We were so beat by the end of the day that we watched some TV and crashed. Bathroom was modern and well stocked with lots of towels, soap, shampoo, lotion. Had drinks in the lobby bar (pricey, but that's true in any nice hotel in a big city) and the bartender, David, was good company. One member of our party ate in the bar the first night of our arrival (it was already late) and she said the food was very good (grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup). As for our trip: We rented a car upon arrival at MDW to see some of the outlying sites (my family's roots in Humboldt Park and Logan Square) and Hot Doug's, 3324 N. California Ave (famous Chicago hot dogs). We arrived well after the lunch crowd (it was like 3pm on Friday) and we still had to wait over one hour. It was worth it! The line snaked around the building and down the block, but people were friendly, passed a menu around, made recommendations. They only have their fries (in duck grease) on Fri &amp; Sat -- GOOD EATS! We returned the rental car to MDW that first night (didn't want to pay for parking in the City) and took the EL back to the hotel (orange, transfer to red) -- very easy. We purchased a 2-day GO card which allowed us into the Hancock Bldg, Sears Tower, River Cruise, Skyline Lake Cruise, Navy Pier, on-off trolley. The card gets you into many other places, including museums, but we ran out of time. We had Chicago Pizza at Gino's East (on Superior, I think). One night we cabbed it to a place called Sola (a great neighborhood joint in Lincoln Park, very popular as the place was packed by the time we left). En route, we drove by Wrigley Field! When our trip ended, we reserved with the GO Shuttle service. They picked us up at the hotel and had us back to MDW in no time! I hope to visit again and will definitely book with Millennium Knickerbocker.	
Jun 10 2009 	Two Thumbs up!!!	My best friend recommended this hotel &amp; I love her for it! We stayed here to celebrate my daughters birthday &amp; it was the best celebration ever! She was so right about the brand new rooms &amp; location. The rooms are beautiful. We loved the bathroom rain showers &amp; the beds are to die for! Extremely comfortable, we didn't want to get out of bed :) You cannot beat the location! Michigan Ave was seconds away for shopping &amp; so was Rush Street for dining &amp; fun! The service was great from making our reservations to the housekeepers. So friendly. Coming back soon &amp; definitely sharing our experience with everyone!!	
Jun 1 2009 	love this hotel	we stayed here for four nights in mid may and here are my pros and cons proshuge and pretty lobby, very polite and helpful staff, very clses to mag mile, close to hancock centre, comfy bed, nice tv, rain shower, tom in the lobby was very helpful and took our luggage in storage while we renewed our vows and took our picsconsthe hotel bar is WAY overpriced, the iron my husband used left marks on his shirt and had my renewal wedding dress pressed by laundry and wasnt that impressed with the result - also $5 for internet in lobby overall i would stay here again - very nice hotel	
May 31 2009 	OK but not great	As a hotel, it is OK&gt; Very small and too far from down town for my liking. Room was OK except I had a huge stain on the carpet which apparently everyone was ignoring! Just enough room for bed, desk and TV. Too far from the action if you ask me. Hotel staff have been the most rude, indifferen't staff I have ever encountered. It is enough to make me wan't to never visit the USA again.	
May 29 2009 	Very Nice Renovation	We stayed here one night in mid-May, having booked through Priceline for $100. For the money, this is a good hotel. The recent renovation has done wonders here, giving the Knickerbocker a more modern and upscale look than it had before. The hotel was suffering from poor reviews, but now everyone (including us) seems to come away impressed. Here are our pros and cons:Pros: Good location, right near the north end of the Mag Mile. Close to many upscale shops, Oak Street Beach, the Hancock Tower, and Rush Street. Comfortable bed. Nice TV. Cozy lobby. Friendly service.Cons: $48 for valet parking. Room is small (older hotel, so no surprise). No view from room. You pay for internet and for sue of business center. Small elevators.We would gladly stay here again, given the charm and quality we experienced here. There are better options if you are looking for more space and a more lively location, but the &quot;new&quot; MK is a fine place for anyone to spend the night in Chicago.	
May 29 2009 	Great hotel and location	Room was luxuriuos! Location fantastic for shopping (walking distance). Underground 10 mins walk away. Loved the room.....recently refurbished.Corridors a bit dingy. Main criticism - every morning woken up by the housekeeping staff who were very noisy constantly banging on doors!	
May 26 2009 	Absolute Heaven!	This hotel was magnificent! Not only was it a mini palace, but the staff was polite, helpful, and professional. In an e-mail I received before we left for Chicago, the concierge, Les, offered to get us tickets, directions, reservations to anything we'd like to see/do. He also got us an upgrade on our room, and when someone rudely butted in line as we were registering, the registry person said they would upgrade our room just for that. And so we were granted a beautiful suite complete with king size bed and jacuzzi. The bed and the linens were so comfortably both of us slept late every morning!	
May 18 2009 	Great Location Nice Rooms (no views) Most of the staff were very nice	This hotel has a really, really great location. They remodeled the rooms very nicely. Frette sheets and the bathrooms are very nice. The rooms are small but this usually is the case in most big cities. I stay in Chicago a lot. I got a good deal for four nights last week on Hotel.com. I paid $200 per/night and considering that there was a Restaurant Convention in town (100,000+ people) I paid a very fair rate. Most of the staff were great. We did encounter one night manager that sported a bit of attitude the couple of nights that we went to ask a question or for a late check out. She is really not too friendly.I would say that this hotel is worth the money if you are paying in the $150-$225 range. If you were to pay anything above this amount for a room (I think that their rack rate is $450), then I don't think that you'd be very happy. This is a nice hotel but this is no Westin, Four Seasons etc. The rooms have no views except for the front of the Drake or the back of the Westin. I was a little suspicious of the previous reviews regarding the A/C system. We had no problems on the first 3 nights. On our last night we walked into a really, really, hot, muggy and humid room. We called down to complain and the front desk said that the A/C system automatically turns off when the outside temp is lower than 50 degrees. They said that there was nothing that they could do but suggested that we &quot;open our window&quot; to let in the cold air. They also offered a &quot;fan&quot; for the room which they would send up to us upon request.Personally, I think that the hotel needs to rethink their A/C system policy. Its crazy to think that in a modern hotel that the A/C system wouldn't work if its cold outside. I've stayed at motels that offer the guest to operate heat and/or air independantely if and when its desired.That is my one big complaint. This hotel is not worth more than $225 per/night. You will be disappointed if you pay more than that.	
May 13 2009 	Above and beyond!	LOVED THIS HOTEL!!!! I read a couple of reviews by people who were not pleased with this hotel and cannot understand them. Three friends and I stayed at the hotel for four days to celebrate a birthday and the hotel and staff just made the trip for us. The hotel is lovely, rooms were beautiful with comfortable beds and the bathrooms were modern and classy. There was no view on our side of the hotel, but who cares when you are there to tour the city! We were steps (literally) around the corner from the Magnificent Mile and we walked nearly everywhere - great location.The concierge was a dream, and provided us with great dinner and tour recommendations (eat at Carmines, a few very short blocks from the hotel - yum!) and even the houskeeping staff were helpful and concerned about security. The topping on the cake though occurred after we left the hotel...we had already arrived at the airport for our flight home when one of our group realized she didn't have her passport. A pancked call to the Knickerbocker had the staff there immediately searching our room, finding the passport, locating a trusted cabdriver and sending the passport to the airport - following up within minutes of arrival with a call to our cellphone to make sure the passport arrived. We made our flight! That is true service, above and beyond.And sure, room service is not open all day, but checking these kinds of things ahead of time allows you to deal with any situation. Also, the food we had in the hotel restaurant and through room service was delicious (just LOVE the gooey grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup combo!).Loved this hotel, and we will definitely be back and will stay there every time!	
May 11 2009 	Wouldn't stay here again	We stayed for a wedding at the hotel. There was confusion at check-in due to the wedding and all the family members with the same last name. We had booked our rooms on the internet and prepaid them. However, one of our rooms was given to a different family member. The hotel said they couldn't switch the billing since it was prepaid and made us pay for a different room and collect for the first room from the other family members who were given the room. It was way too confusing.The rooms were small, but the beds were comfortable. The rooms were all hot and at 75 degrees they were very uncomfortable. The controls in the room didn't run the A/C, we could only get more heat. It was 75 outside when we arrived. We all called the front desk to complain about the hot rooms and were told that the A/C was not on yet. They hadn't made the switch. What's up with that?!?! There was also no restaurant for lunch or dinner. You could order food at the lobby bar during the day, but no room service was available until after 6PM. Families with small children were out of luck for lunch, unless they went off premise. But most of the people went to the church wedding at 1:00 and expected to come back for lunch. Those with children planned on ordering room service and having the kids take naps. The lobby bar was very crowded and had only 1 bartender to serve drinks and take food orders. The bartender was not in a very good mood. Someone from our group complained about the service and some managers did come out to help with food orders. But the service was a little slow. This was not good planning on the part of the hotel. If they're trying to bring in big weddings with out-of-town guests, they're going to have to do better with overall service. The wedding was very nice and the food was good. The hotel was recently renovated, but they must not have worked on the ventilation. If not for the wedding, we'd have gone back to the Conrad on Michigan Avenue. That's our new favorite hotel on the Magnigicent Mile!	
May 1 2009 	A splendid supportive staff who also made us laugh in our time of need.	We were, very sadly, back in Chicago for the funeral of oldest mentor/friend. However: from the moment we met our favorite Doorman; to Wendy the Reservation Manager, Frank, the Food and Beverage Manager; the best Bartenders you'll find, (along with their not to be outdone drinks and food); the cozy rooms, comfy pillows, we felt taken care of and relaxed! (Back at home in our favorite city.)The breakfast and lunch dining is also fun; dare anyone to finish an omelet; I glimpsed the oranges for the fresh squeezed come off the truck, buffet is very worthwhile. One block off (Magnificent Mile) Michigan Ave, a couple from the Lake, a nice walk from Navy Pier and Beaches. What's not to like?	
Apr 30 2009 	The pleasure was all mine!	I recently stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago and I was literally blown away by the service, the modern style rooms, the great location downtown for dinning and shopping, and did I mention service? This was a great expericen and I will stay again.	
Apr 27 2009 	Go for the suite!!	We were upgraded to a beautiful suite with two large flat screen TVs and a deluxe massage tub/shower that was truly unique. The room was newly remodeled, beautiful and incredible clean. The service at the hotel was superior. We had stayed here before but never in one of the remodeled suites. They are worth the upgrade. The location can't be beat!	
Apr 23 2009 	Newly Renovated - Worth the Price	Stayed there three nights from 4/17/09 through 4/20/09. Chechecked in about 9:15 AM. Had to wait about 15 minutes because of specials requests I had made. Room was quiet, and comfortable. Marked improvement over last time I stayed there (about 5 years ago). The renovations were great, and maintained the old time charm of the hotel.	
Apr 16 2009 	Excellent Staff 	The staff at the Knickerbocker were excellent. We checked in, around 10:30 in the morning, and the front desk found a room for my collegue so she coud nap; it was a very early flight. Later that day when I checked in the gentleman who checks to see if your room is satisfactory brought me slippers because I came to the door without shoes on. How nice is that!!In general all of the staff, the ladies cleaning the rooms, the front desk, the bar tenders, maintenance, concierage were all exceedingly friendly and helpful. There was always a pleasant and cheery &quot;good morning&quot; and &quot;have a good day.&quot;It was very enjoyable and I would recommend them to others. Location was also great.	
Apr 12 2009 	What you would expect	I spent two nights at the Millenium Knickerbocker. I broadly speaking got what I paid for. The location was great in the Magnificent mile at the corner of a great shopping street. The hotel has a pleasant entrance hall with a pianist and a bar area and friendly staff in the restaurant. The rooms were relatively standard for that category of hotel and very clean and modern. The plasma screen TV was reall big for the size of the room. On the downside, I did not manage to open the window, maybe because it's quite a high building. Good value for money overall.	
Apr 3 2009 	Beautifully restored 	We were greeted by staff with excellent customer service skills. Our room was such a pleasant surprise, from the flat screen TV, the full size shower with rain showerhead &amp; hand held shower wand, the wall attached toilet with flushing options (on the wall), the comfortable bed, the lovely lighting options, etc.. The size of the room was snug, and very comfortable, as would be, in a historic hotel. It was also quiet, and I know that the hotel was sold out. My sister was in the room next door. We did not hear her TV. We also loved walking less than a block, to the shopping and restaurants on North Michigan Avenue.	
Mar 31 2009 	Good value for money	Great little hotel this one. Situated in a quiet (for chicago) avenue off the Magnificent Mile, it was well located for the city. Friendly, (but not amazingly so) staff, and the room was great. Looked like it had been newly renovated, big flat screen tv, lovely comfy beds and a stylish bathroom. Now for the minor quibbles. Whoever designed the toilet must've been an NBA player, sat down on it I could only get my toes onto the floor, and I'm 5 11&quot;. God knows how any short ladies would get on. The shower needs a degree from MIT to work out how to use, and anyone used to a good ol' power shower will be disappointed. Also we checked in, tired from the flight at 1pm to be told our rooms wouldn't be ready till 4, which was annoying to say the least.However these were only minor quibbles really, overall I'd give it 8/10.PS Don't use hotel bar, $20 for 2 glasses of beer, which was warm and flat. AVOID.	
Mar 29 2009 	Great Location in the Heart of Chicago	My daughter and I stayed at the Knickerbocker for two nights while looking at Loyola. The location is great for shopping and dining, with ample opportunities for both within easy walking distance. It is, however, about 30 minutes from Loyola's north campus. Valet parking was easily accessible, and the front desk staff was helpful and pleasant. Our room on the fifth floor was spacious and equipped with a nice flat panel television, mini bar, clock radio with iPod docking station, a desk area and extra chair in addition to the two full size beds. The bathroom was a nice size, with a canister of q-tips and cotton balls being a nice accessory. Unfortunately, the rooms were not as sound proof as needed considering our next door neighbors had children jumping off of beds and yelling until 12:30 in the morning. The hotel is not responsible for poor parenting however. We didn't eat at the restaurant so I can't comment on the food. My only negative comments would be that I'm surprised you have to pay $9.95 per day for internet service, and that it took nearly 30 minutes to retrieve my car following check-out. That could be due to the fact that it was nearly a blizzard this morning however.	
Mar 16 2009 	Millenium Knickerbocker we will be back!	we stayed at the MK for 6nights feb/mar 09 in a superior room and absolutely could not fault this hotel, super comfy beds, beautiful bathroomd esp the rain shower - it was just what you needed after a days travelling, great furnishings. the location of the hotel was extremely convenient with buses just at the top of the road that took you wherever you need to go (the travel passes are extremely good value) . Hotel staff were extremely helpful and friendly and nothing ever seemed to be a problem. This hotel is within walking distance to a few good restaurants and we would thoroughly recommed The Original Pancake House (bellvue place) and The Cheesecake factory under the Hancock centre. There was also bloomingdales and macys within walking distance as well as a walgreens.The location was extremely quiet but still extremely central and made for a very relaxing break. For airport transfers use the Go Airport Express much cheaper than a taxi and excellent service. Thanks for a great holiday Millenium Knickerbocker - we will be back!	
Mar 11 2009 	One of the nicest hotels	My husband and i stayed at the Knickerbocker hotel on March 6-8,09. We really enjoyed our time there. We had a conference at the Westin Riverfront and didn't want to pay the high $212 a night there so we went on Priceline and got the Knickerbocker for $75 a night. I was worried at first because we didn't know the hotel, but when we went on trip advisor and saw all the good reviews we knew we had picked a winner. They had remodled the hotel last year 2008. It really shows in the rooms. They are very classy. Maybe not huge rooms but who stays in the room 24/7 in Chicago? The confrence was on the opposite end of the Mag mile but even with cab fair the price was still great for Chicago. I know we will stay there again. The staff was so friendly and nice. Willing to do anything for us. We never ate in the restaurant there but i heard it was good too. The hotel is about 2 blocks off the mag mile and only about 3 blocks from Rush street with tons of entertainment and restaurants. I think the vallet parking is a bit steep at $49 a night, but i was told later that the self parking garage was only $30 or so across the street. The room we had was located at the front of the building and you could see the lake from our window. The bathrooms were so stylish with granite type counters and an under the counter mounted sink. The shower had a rain shower head from the center of the ceiling. It also had a handheld shower to get a more direct and harder pressure wash. It was a huge shower but no bath tub if that is to your liking. The room had a refrigerator and a coffee maker. The frig was stocked I am sure for a pricey cost. The bed was very comfy too. The martini bar down in the lobby was very quaint and comfy. Many over stuffed chairs and couches to sit on and a piano bar as well. If you know where the Drake hotel is located this is directly across the street from it. If you like to be a block or so off the beaten path and in a comfy but romantic and classy hotel this is the place to stay!	
Feb 28 2009	My most favorite place to stay in downtown Chi town	I can't believe I got to stay at the Knickerbocker! I typically stay at large hotel chains when visiting Chicago so this was a sweet surprise to me.  First of all parking is always absurd in downtown. We had several travelers with us in a Suburban no less and the parking attendant was very gracious with getting us in and out of traffic and the amount of time we had to load, unload, and gather our group together for the next restaurant or shopping jaunt. Though the parking was pricey at the hotel, we were free to move our vehicle in and out all throughout our stay. Then there was the hotel staff inside. The location of the check in counter is a bit tricky, yet someone was always available to direct the way and help with the luggage. The concierge was quite accommodating in directing us to last minute dinner plans on a Friday night. But wait, there's the hotel itself. Wow, it is an architectural beauty. The lobby was quite inviting and the conference room was just gorgeous. I loved that the hotel rooms were modern in their amenities yet homey and comfy with the lighting and decor. I truly loved the bed and slept great! The bathroom was carefully thought out, as older hotels tend to lack in room space what they make up for in location. Though the shower took a few minutes to figure out, I had no complaints there.  I enjoyed lunch in the restaurant downstairs. The wait staff was very attentive, and went out of their way to meet our needs. Good food and good value. Great coffee, too. Be sure to request a table further away from the entrance if there is a lot of traffic coming in and it's cold outside. It can be a bit chilly when the lobby is busy. Lastly I must say that just about everything is within walking distance if you don't have your heels on. Several nice restaurants close by, all the shopping you desire, and Hancock building right next door. While I was in town for a conference, I had plenty of time to do/ see all that I wanted. Now it will be the first place I check for availability when when I'm headed to Chi town.	
Feb 24 2009 	Rooms recently renovated	Location couldn't be better on the mag mile.Renovated rooms very cool.Highly recommend.	
Feb 20 2009 	You can't beat this hotel	We will return to the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel again and againand again!! It is where we stay everytime we are in Chicago. The staff goout of their way to make everything just perfect. This hotel is perfectlylocated for shopping, dining, siteseeing, etc. You can't go wrong withthis hotel!	
Feb 19 2009 	Great value and beautiful rooms	I stayed at this historic hotel for my birthday. The rooms were recently rehabbed and they are beautiful! All the modern ammenities are provided. They are both luxurious and a great value for Chicago!! I would definitely stay again and recommend this to others.	
Feb 16 2009 	Best Deal on N. Michigan Ave.	My wife and I had to stay downtown for event that we were attending at the Drake Hotel. I have stayed at the Drake before and while it is nice, it is bit stuffy and a little outdated for the price. We opted to walk across the street and stay at the Millenium instead.I know this property has under gone many renovations in past year and I have to say they have done a great job. This place used to be the hotel you would crash in when you came to Chicago on a college roadtrip (I did). But that is not the case any more.This property is directly across from the Drake Hotel and for 1/2 the price you get their great location with a newer (albeit smaller) room and every ammenity you would expect from a 4* hotel.The rooms are tastefully decorated (Asian influence w/flat screen tv) and the bed is very comfortable. The bath is small (no tub), but very clean and the shower is great. You are not going to be spending a bunch of time in your room when visting Chicago, so the room's size is not a big deal. (It works well with a couple, but a family of four may be a bit cramped.)The service was attentive and friendly and the location can't be beat.I would definitely stay here again, but the next time I would leave the car at home ($49/night parking is a bit steep).	
Feb 12 2009 	wonderful stay at the Knickerbocker	we had stayed at the Knickerbocker years ago and hadn't been overly impressed, but after reading the recent reviews we thought we give it another try, since we love that area and you can't beat that location. We found very decent rates online and then called the hotel directly and the agent was really helpful and gave us good tips of what to do. Everything worked out really well, we loved the new rooms, great shower and huge flat-screen TV, everyone was very friendly, especially the concierge and the bartenders. We did read about the parking before, so thankfully we had left the car at home, parking rates downtown really are ridiculous, cab and bus worked fine. Really nice stay, we will definitely be back.	
Jan 19 2009 	Location Location Location!	We stayed at the Knickerbocker the Sunday before MLK Jr. Day, having booked through Priceline. The Knickerbocker is an historic hotel (built in 1927) and sits at the gateway to the Magnificent Mile. It is extremely convenient to Oak Street Beach, the John Hancock Building, Water Tower Place, the exclusive boutiques of Oak Street and the flagship stores on the Mag Mile. You can also walk to the Museum of Contemporary Art. I recommend the Cape Cod Room in the Drake Hotel across the street as a dining splurge; cheap but fun options include Foodlife in Water Tower Place (a sort of new age, upscale food court), the Italian deli at the base of the John Hancock building, and Espression Lavazza, an ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS European coffee house with locations in the Drake and at the John Hancock Observatory (the quiche is absolutely to die for--go here and pretend you are vacationing in Italy!).I was a bit worried that the rooms would be run down, but they are very comfortable and have been recently redecorated. The bathroom has a wonderful marble tiled rainfall shower (with the usual drawback that water goes all over the floor and transforms the bathroom into a kiddie pool). Amenities are Gilchrist and Soames toiletries (no body lotion, just shampoo and conditioner) with Starbucks coffee and Twinings tea for the coffee maker. The bed was very comfy and the rooms are equipped with giant flat screen tvs and a basic cable lineup plus HBO.The drawbacks were as follows: 1)while cozy for one night, the king rooms are very small and I would think they would feel cramped for travelers staying for longer periods; 2)while the desk clerk was polite at check in, I did feel we got a bit of second class treatment at Priceline customers--all of the other guests on our floor were given complimentary newspapers but we did not receive one, and this is the first time I've experienced this kind of snub in a long history as a Priceliner; 3)I don't think families with children would really enjoy this hotel, because it has no pool and it is clearly geared towards a more mature clientele.All in all a pleasant stay, though I would rate this hotel a strong 3 1/2 stars rather than four stars because of the room size and fairly basic amenities offered.	
Jan 5 2009 	Great romantic getaway spot in Chicago	Stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker on Dec 31 &amp; Jan 1 and really enjoyed this hotel. Great location at the North end of MIchigan Avenue, only one block from the Hancock building and two blocks from Water Tower Place. Easy access to walk South down the Magnificant Mile to the Chicago River (roughly one mile). Also...a 5 minute walk to the Lake and a 10 minute walk over to the Rush Street area with tons of great restaurants and bars. I did read several reviews on TripAdvisor about this hotel and many were accurate, so...yes, the rooms are on the small side but are extremely clean and well-appointed (flat-screen tv, fridge, nice view of the lake, and VERY clean and upscale bathrooms with a very cool &quot;rain&quot; shower). I did get an excellent deal on Priceline, but would absolutely consider paying the low-end rack rate if I return. One thing to avoid...valet parking - $48! No car needed in Chicago, take the train or shuttle from the airport and then walk and/or take the eL to see the city. It's tough to beat a visit to Chicago during Christmas! Also the hotel staff was excellent...I left something valuable in the room safe and the staff was kind enough to track it down and return it to me...thank you!	
Dec 27 2008 	Very nice hotel!	Very beautiful and comfortable renovated rooms, friendly staff, perfect location... I have nothing bad to say about this hotel. I specially loved the bathroom and the bed and duvet were so comfortable! Highly recommended! I used priceline and got a room for 75$ a night :)	
Dec 22 2008 	Excellent First Stay!	Based on the reviews on this website, I took a chance - wasn't sure if all the rooms were renovated which is important to me. Everything I wanted was there - clean room, comfortable bed (could have been a little firmer though), clean bathroom with high end English shampoo and soap, good service. It is on the same block as the Drake Hotel, one block from Hancock building/water tower, two blocks from the bus stop that will take you anywhere on Michigan Ave and the Loop. Will definitely return.	
Dec 6 2008	Loved the Knickerbocker!	I stayed at this hotel with a friend for a weekend of shopping. I bid on a room through Priceline and paid only $117, but, we had to share a king size bed. We were fine with that! The bathroom is modern, and the room itself clean. It was a bit small, but all we did was sleep there. We came to shop!DO NOT valet park. Right across from the hotel is a garage...literally, it's probably 30 whole steps to the door of the hotel. Perfect! And, it's $30 for that parking, while the Knicerbocker charges $48 to valet your car. Ridiculous. Just do it yourself!The bed was SO COMFORTABLE that I'm thinking of buying one for my home. Sheets were quality. Yes, we'll stay again!!!!!	
Nov 28 2008 	Amazing Hotel	I go to Chicago often and have stayed at the Knockerbocker for years. They have recently renovated the rooms. I travel 50% of the year on business and I can honeslty say that they have outdone themselves. Attention to detail was spot on. From the beds to the fabulous bathrooms and soaking tubs and even rain showers. The service is always first class from the time you get out of your car to to the front desk staff. If you have never been to Chicago and are looking for a weekend getaway the location is also perfect, just steps from Michigan Ave, in the heart of shopping and dinning. I highly recomend this hotel.	
Nov 16 2008 	Relaxing time	We stayed 2 nights at the Knickerbocker and could not have had a better stay. The hotel has recently renovated there rooms. The staff could not have been more friendly and helpful from Dave and Cora at the martini bar to Julie at the front desk who help out with an upgrade for us. The hotel has everything you need for your stay and is close to all the fun that Chicago offers. Our pick for THE CITY is the Knickerbocker. JOHN and JUDY.	
Nov 13 2008	Excellent location	We stayed for one night, the weekend after the election. The location is good for walking the north end of Michigan Ave, the Gold Coast area, and Old Town. Our room was quiet and the bed was very comfortable. The shower (no tub) was weird, with a rain shower head, and a handheld shower in a low bracket. It was not possible to take a normal, non-head soaking shower unless you used the handheld shower, which makes you are functionally one handed. Maybe this a cultural thing, but it seemed inconvenient. We were overall satisfied having booked through Priceline, but would have been somewhat disappointed had we paid the rack rate.	
Nov 7 2008 	Great Location	A friend recommend I give the Knickerbocker a try. Having not stayed there before I found my experience to be great. Check in was smooth. The room was very tastefully decorated and modern. The bed was very comfortable and I really enjoyed the shower, very spa like. The location was fantastic, just off Michigan Avenue. Walking distance to Rush Street, where I found numerous restaurants. The entertainment in the Martini Bar was very enjoyable, the Martini's were delightful, I had a hard choosing from 45 different varieties. I will be retuning to the Knickerbocker!	
Nov 6 2008	The Knickerbocker was great	My husband, myself and granddaughter wanted to visit Chicago which we had many times. We used to stay at The Doubletree, but I found out it was now a Hilton Suites. I saw that The Knickerbocker rooms had been renovated so we decided to give it a try.The Lobby looked slightly worn, but everyone from the doormen to the Concierge were so gracious to us. While we were checking in my little Holly mentioned that she loved the chocolate chip cookies we used to get at The Doubletree and did they have them here.Our room was very spacious, the beds so comfortable and the bathroom, while a little small was beautifully done. We were surprised later on in the evening that Sarah from the Front Desk had sent up chocolate chip cookies and milk to our room.All in all, it was a great stay, and The Knickerbocker was close to the Lakefront for my husband to jog and right next to Water Tower Place with &quot;American Girl&quot; for my granddaughter and I to walk to.	
Oct 31 2008	Awesome Staff Perfect Location	I held my wedding ceremony and reception at the Knickerbocker during October and I was more than satisfied with the wonderful modern rooms, friendly &amp; knowledgeable staff, and the hysterical doormen. We had approximately 70 guests staying in 35 rooms at the hotel and all I heard was how happy they all were with the hotel. The location is also perfect for Michigan Ave shopping, heading to the lake, and Oak Street boutiques. There are many restaurants nearby so there is no concern as to what you will eat staying in this area. Overall, my wedding was the greatest day of my life and the Knickerbocker play a very large role in making it that way!	
Oct 28 2008	Loved the Hotel!	We stayed at the hotel for four nights in October. The hotel is in a great location, just off Michigan Avenue. Rooms are small, but that is to be expected in city centre hotels. We had wanted a bath in our room, but unfortunately there were no rooms with baths available. However, the double shower is excellent. The housekeeping staff were excellent as were the reception staff. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the hotel and we would definitely staff there again in the future.	
Oct 27 2008 	Renovation a hit!	This is my third stay at the Knickerbocker... I LOVE the newly renovated rooms! The bathrooms are elegant with design solutions that make use of every available inch of space. The combination full massage bath with a rainhead shower next to the bath behind the glass doors solves my one issue with a bath... it's easy to do a final rinse. I also like the ecological toilet that gives you a choice of low or high flush.The bed is uber comfortable... and the flat screen TV is great. Of course, that gives a lot more room around the bed.I'd definitely return!	
Oct 13 2008 	Excellent Wait Staff	We held a conference at the Knickerbocker and the wait staff was excellent! The rennovated rooms were also very nice.	
Oct 4 2008 	location was nice service was not	the location was very convenient but the price for the stay could have been beter invested in the Westin down the street instead. My room was very small, right across from the cleaning storage closet and next to the elevators. when i mentioned the noise to the front desk they said &quot;oh, sorry&quot; but made no offer to help me. the cleaning staff was terrible, they basically made the bed but didn't clean up andreplace the water glasses or coffee cups.overall, very unimpressed.	
Oct 1 2008	Meeting Planner's Dream Location	As a meeting planner, this experience is one that you dream of but usually never comes to fruition. The Millennium Knickerbocker in Chicago was the site for two association meetings last week and it was one of the best meetings we've had in recent past. Everything from the initial contact to the billing went as smoothly as you can imagine. I give the Knickerbocker staff my highest rating as they were there at every turn making sure all details were taken care of and even suggesting changes to make things better. I wish I could book this site every year!	
Sep 23 2008 	Fabulous!	Our daugter's wedding reception was held at the Millennium Knickerbocker in Chicago, and we could not have had a better experience. About 25 of the guests stayed at the hotel over the weekend. Some made reservations thorugh the wedding site and others made theirs through a special rate found on the hotel website. It did not matter how the reservations were made; everyone had an excellent experience. All the hotel employees, from the bellman to the catering director, were friendly, service-oriented, and very concerned with our comfort and needs. The hotel itself is beautiful. The rooms have recently been updated with marble baths and new furnishings. Spend some time in the piano bar downstairs - awesome! The ballroom is historic and magnificently appointed. The hotel is steps from the Magnificient Mile and could not be more convenient to sights, restaurants, shopping, and transportation. Don't miss it!	
Sep 20 2008 	Great new rooms!	Just spent two nights there and loved it. Fast check in, and when I asked if I could have a free up-grade we were given a corner room, which was roomier and bright. Rooms are nicely done, all brand new. Comfortable bed and pillows, nice flat screen tv, refrig and coffee maker in room. Contrary to other reviews, there is a fitness center on the second floor. The staff was friendly, the bellman remembered our names. We parked in the parking garage across the street for $30/day since we did not plan to use our car. The hotel charges $48/day for in/out valet services.Great location to beach, Michigan Ave and Rush St. Would definately stay here again. Booked with Hotwire and was treated like a special guest.	
Sep 14 2008 	Best Value on the Miacle Mile	I stayed at the Knickerbocker the last week of August, 2008 while working in downtown Chicago. I picked the Knickerbocker because 1) it was the closest motel to my jobsite and 2) the price was very reasonable. I was not disappointed. The motel is located at the top of the Miracle Mile and is within easy waking distance of great shopping, the Hancock tower, the Newberry museum, and the lake front. I made a reservation, so upon arrival I was quickly checked in and whisked to my room in record time. The room was small (most in the city are) but extremely well appointed and totally comfortable. There was ample, modern work space, a very nice large flat-screen TV and luxurious king sized bed with plenty of pillows. I was also impressed with the luxurious shower. A large rain shower showerhead and hand held sprayer made for very relaxing and enjoyable bathing. There was no tub, just the shower, so if a long soak is what you like, you will be disappointed. On the other hand, if you enjoy showering with a friend its perfect. The in house restaurant was quite good, and the room service was impeccable. My order arrived correctly and quickly and tasted quite good. Everyone on the staff was professional, friendly, and helpful. Both the concierge and bellman were spot on with directions to local attractions, shops, and restaurants. Housekeeping was done with my room before 10am every day. Since I took the train to the city, I didnt need to worry about parking, and cant comment on that. I have stayed at premier hotels in 13 countries around the world, and this hotel is on a par with all of them. In my opinion, the Millennium Knickerbocker is the best motel value in The Loop and a great place to stay on the Miracle Mile. A five star motel at a three star price, I highly recommend it.	
Aug 29 2008	Saved by the Knickerbocker	I visit Chicago frequently having a child attending one of the local universities. That said I stay at various hotels to get a flavor of the city and its resources. My last stay was at the Knickerbocker in Chicago. This hotel is going through renovation and from what I saw will be classical when all completed. The hotel is in a wonderful location, near the lake/beach front and at one end of the famous Michigan Avenue, a shopping meca.On this trip I managed to leave my medication in my room and did not realize it until I had arrived at the airport. I immediately contacted the hotel and was routed to the supervisor on the floor where I stayed. The supervisor went to my room, located my medication and called me back to report finding that as well as my car keys!! My medication and car keys were sent to me immediately. I am very grateful and appreciated the professional attention and response I received not only in this situation but throughout my stay. A definite destination for a return visit.	
Aug 14 2008 	Would Stay Again	Stayed for one night. All remodeling apepars complete, atleast to the rooms. Our room was very nice and clean. The bed was very comfortable as were the pillows. A 40 inch LCD TV was a nice addition. The bathroom was very cool, nice glass shower enclosure and overhead showerhead. One and only complaint, woke up twice during the night to cigarette and/or cigar smoke smell coming through the ventiliation system.	
Aug 3 2008 	Great Rooms at the Knickerbocker	My first trip back to Chicago in about 7 years was perfect! I chose the Knickerbocker as I had read that their rooms were recently renovated on top of being a great location to Michigan Avenue, Rush Street and downtown Chicago. I must say I was very impressed with the guestrooms! I had not stayed there prior but it definitely is a refresh from what Ive seen in photo's posted on the reviews. The guestrooms are nicely decorated with a modern feel and they are good sized for a historical hotel! The beds are wonderful  I need to get a pillow top mattress at home! I used the Internet access with no issue and I LOVED the larger screen TVs. The shower is fun with the different types of shower heads you can choose. And the bathrooms are fresh with all new granite and tile. Im anxious to get back to Chicago and it wont be 7 years from now! I would highly recommend this hotel  fantastic guestrooms, location and staff! Ive added some digital pictures of my room as they are completely different from the ones I saw on previous reviews with the new renovation.	
Jul 22 2008 	Nice Hotel..not a 4 star as Hotwire would have you believe	Nice HotelGREAT ROOMS! the bathroom and beds were both 5 starThe hotel does not have a fitness facility or a pool...so I am not sure why it received 4 stars.This is in a Great Location in Chicago....across from the Drake, but there were other many other hotels nearby....Hilton Suites was next door, Residence Inn across from there and the Rafello a block away.....the room and the staff were what set this property apart!I would stay there again! Paid $140 on Hotwire $166 with tax and then $48 for parking (standard in this part of Chicago!)All in all not a bad experience, but would consider other hotels close by next time I visit Chicago	
Jul 18 2008	Comfy bed great location	Had never used Hotwire before - nice experience ending up at the Knickerbocker for good price. Our ONLY negative was we were awakened at 8am by renovation work on room close to ours. Wonderful Consierge though - beautiful but small room.	
Jul 15 2008 	Disappointed in the evening staff	Arrived to check in at 6:00PM. I was traveling with 2 other people and had reserved a room with double beds. Upon arrival we were told no rooms with double beds were available; however, we would be given a suite with 1 king bed and a couch which folds out into a bed. We agreed. The room had one king bed, was not a suite, and had no couch. When I called reception (and spoke with the same employee), she said no suites were available. They brought up a rollaway bed which was small and very uncomforable. I spoke with the doorman about valet parking ($48 per day) and asked if someone would bring up our luggage which was in the back of the car. He agreed they would. After waiting nearly an hour, I returned to the lobby and spoke with the bellhop. He did not have our luggage. It had been left in the car and sent to the garage! Another 20 minutes later, we had receiv ed our luggage and missed part of an event for which we had purchased tickets. To be fair, staff on other shifts were very friendly and helpful.	
Jul 3 2008 	Great!!	Millennium Knickerbocker exceeded my expectations. Yes, I asked for a renovated room. I was told that all rooms were now renovated. I asked if an upgrade was possible since I was staying for 6 nights. They were able to accomodate and we got a mini-suite-new, clean barely used. The first room we saw was also renovated but was a standard room, good but not large. If all rooms are indeed renovated this hotel is above average and located in a great area, just off the truly Maginificent Mile.	
Jun 30 2008 	K-bocker pretty good	i got 2 nights at Knickerbocker Chicago on hotwire. last weekI got a newly renovated room on 10th floor - very nice &amp; quiet &amp; compact.I could see the beach front from my windowI thought the staff were excellent and enjoyed my stay. Providing you get a new room, it's one of the best locations in the city.Would definately return herebutWhy do 4* hotels charge $10 daily for internet ??Also no tea / coffee or fridge in room	
Jun 6 2008 	Not from this millennium	I'm sure the Millennium Knickerbocker was once a nice hotel. Even one of the nicest, in its heyday. It's a good thing they're doing renovations...Although I was staying for 6 days, they were not able to accommodate my request for a renovated room. The hallway on the third floor smelled funky. My bedsheet had a big pink stain on it. The furniture was in bad shape. The TV was in a very tall cabinet, which meant that I had to strain my neck to watch TV from the bed. The showerhead sprayed all over the bathroom (I had to ask to have it replaced - the new showerhead was very nice). One evening, I opened my door to leave for dinner and the hallway was lined with mattresses - they were replacing them on my floor. It's a good thing I'm skinny, or else I wouldn't have been able to get down the hall. Can you say fire hazard? The elevators were also blocked off with more mattresses and the carts they were using to carry them. Food at the hotel was hit or miss. The yogurt parfait was always delicious at breakfast time (although I tried every day to explain that I didn't want raspberries, and the waiter got it wrong every single time). The burger I got through room service was crazy salty - inedible. But I also got a turkey sandwich which was alright. The fries were delicious both times.Very convenient location if you're in Chicago to do shopping at the fancy stores on Michigan Ave (Magnificent Mile). There are a lot of hotels in this same area, though, and I assume most of them are nicer than the Knickerbocker.Warning: There are not a lot of reasonably-priced restaurants within walking distance (I recommend the restaurant/bar at the Conrad Hotel - it's got an open-air terrace with a nice view, amazing albeit pricy food, and very nice staff).	
May 9 2008 	Love Chicago Knickbocker could use some updates	The Millenium Knickerbocker was a nice hotel, but definitely not the best deal for your dollar in Chicago. It has the feel of one of the nicer chains, but it definitely needs so remodeling. I love the historic features and tales of the hotel that the staff will share with you. And guest rooms were a decent size but could use some new bed linens, etc. However, the worst part was the bathroom. It was by far the smallest bathroom of any hotel I have ever stayed in. I was there on business and it was difficult to get ready for our events in such a small bathroom! I would consider rebooking at the Knickerbocker because of it's ideal location, but maybe after they do some renovating.	
Apr 26 2008 	Stay here but request a renovated room!	I had a rough time getting to Chicago and stayed my first night at the Hilton Suites (Very Nice). Overall my trip wasn't great. The staff at the Knickerbocker however, made me want to return to this hotel and Chicago. I experienced doorman, room service, housekeeping, front desk, catering, and managers. Each one was very nice, attentive, and accomodating. They all went out of their way to make me as comfortable as possible and allow me to enjoy my trip. The hotel itself is under construction. My room was poor at best. It was clean, but in disrepair and very old. My floor was not one that had been renovated. The ice machine was broken and I was afraid to get in the showerf because it was so old and unlit. There were bubbles in the ceiling and peeling wallpaper and paint everywhere. The staff made me want to stay. They brought me a robe, extra blankets, delicious room service and extra coffee. The bellman, Greg, was so helpful with my luggage and made sure I knew where everything was in the room. Once the renovations are complete, if the staff remain, this will be a WONDERFUL hotel to stay while in Chicago. The location is perfect and I hope to visit again soon.	
Apr 24 2008 	much better than the reviews!	I booked this hotel for a steal on pricineline ($99) and was wary of the reviews but since it's a 4-star, figured it couldn't be that horrible. It was better than expected. Our room was one of the recently remodeled.. although not 100% complete. There were light fixtures in the doorway that were mounted but not fully installed. Rooms and bathroom are small, but comparable to what I've found in the Mag Mile area. The new bathroom design is strange - there's a window right in the shower that looks into the bedroom. Tolerable but odd. Love the new Asian theme decor!We were pleasantly surprised by the service, especially the concierge. It was definitely worth the money to stay on the high end of Mag Mile - right near Louis Vuitton and all the best shopping.I would recommend this hotel and will stay there again.	
Apr 13 2008 	Stay anywhere but here	I booked the Knickerbocker at the last minute to attend a conference, noting its 4-diamond rating. Please. The hotel is undergoing renovations, which I was not told at the time of booking, and every corner (be it the room, the elevators or the lobby) has dust and dirt. The bathroom was the smallest I have ever been in, and the furniture was chipped and tired. After one night, I cancelled my second and moved across the street to the Drake for $40 more - and the Drake was pure heaven. Maybe the Knickbocker will be better when the renovations are completed, but right now it the pits.	
Apr 10 2008	Good location but dated	I recently stayed here because I attended a conference in the hotel and I usually stay at the conference hotel for convenience. I had read some of the reviews so I contacted the hotel directly with my concerns. I was given a superior room with my already disocunted rate. The room was very clean but the furniture looked as if it came from a tag sale since nothing matched. The bathroom which was all marble and spotless was tiny. The staff was very accommodating. The location was tops- right across from the Drake Hotel and Bloomingdales on North Michigan Ave. Not a bad choice if you get a good rate because of its outstanding location.	
Mar 25 2008 	Nice Stay Good Location for shopping!	Got this room on priceline for a pretty good deal. The rooms were a little dated, but clean. The bathroom is extremely small! And as another poster has noted the towels are not the softest. Overall though, we enjoyed our stay here, especially considering we got a good deal on priceline. The location is great for shopping and we were there the first week in December, so we spent alot of time on Michigan Ave. Loved Chicago and look forward to returning. I would stay at this hotel again if I got a deal on priceline, don't think I would if I had to pay full price.	
Mar 20 2008 	hair hair hair	The staff is nice, friendly and accomodating. Kept changing the room for me as I found what looked like pubic hair on the blanket. The last room they gave me, which was the best out of all was filled with hair on the bathroom floor. I took it because it's much better to have it at my blanket. The hotel is old, mildwey, and dated. They were under renovation. They couldn't print out my check out sheet because the system was off. They are supposed to be sending it to me via my emailm but I am yet to get the email a few weeks after. The room service breakfast isn't so bad.	
Mar 14 2008 	Renovated rooms are lovely	I've stayed at the Millenium Knickerbocker several times, and have always had a positive experience. Our room, 426, was one of the newly renovated and was in fine shape, with lovely linens and a beautiful new bathroom. We found the staff, who come from a rainbow of backgrounds, to be extremely professional and helpful. From admissions clerk to concierge to the head bellman, Craig (after some serious shopping on Michigan Avenue, we ended up with 7 suitcases), went out of their way to make our trip an enjoyable one. (Of course, with this many staff, I suggest coming prepared with a lot of singles for tipping.)My only complaint was the terrible wine from room service. I'm no wine snob, but the glass of Cabernet recommended by the room service manager on duty was so bad I had to send it back. I chose a Sauvingnon Blanc as a replacement, and that was pretty lousy as well. We did not order any food from room service. A bellman recommended the excellent Tempo Diner a couple of blocks away, and we particularly enjoyed their breakfast pancakes. I believe this diner is open 24 hours. We were happy with the Millenium Knickerbocker and plan to stay there again.	
Feb 26 2008 	GREAT location!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	We stayed at the Millennium over New Year's Eve and got a great rate through priceline. It is right down the street from the famous Drake Hotel and right off North Michigan Avenue, truly a lovely area. We had some minor problems with the internet connection and the cleaning service, but overall our stay at the Millennium was fantastic. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 21 2008 	Terrible reservation center	I have tried for three days to use &quot;in-house&quot; reservations at the Knickerbocker. I've stayed there before and it was great. However, the Knickerbocker must have changed hands because the service was AWFUL. First central reservations had no record of the wedding party that had reserved a block of rooms. Second, I kept getting sent to in-house reservations (during their stated business hours) and repeatedly got a message that no agent was available. When I talked to the front desk for the third time, the woman argued with me telling me she saw them there. I told her they weren't answering the phone and she continued to argue with me that she saw them come in. Well, I suspect they must have been at Nick's having a bagel because NO ONE WAS ANSWERING THE PHONE!Love the Knickerbocker, hate their reservation service.	
Jan 14 2008 	Priceline 	We booked this hotel for an adult weekend away on Priceline, paid $85 which thought was good price for a 4* in downtown Chicago. The location is great. The hotel minimally OK&gt;Unsure how it gets a 4* rating. It is old and though clean the decor is definitely jaded and needing a face lift. Staff were pleasant and overall it was a good stay. However I would NOTrecommend this hotel. I would rather have paid $100 and got something more updated - trouble with old it tends to look somewhat seedy and this was true in this case.My suggestion DO NOT BOOK PRICELINE FOR CHICAGO ILAND ASK FOR 4 * BECAUSE THIS IS WHAT YOU ARE ALMOST SURE TO GET.....NOT GOOD ENOUGH PRICELINE.!! IN MY OPINION.	
Jan 2 2008	This place is a real Dump	STAY AWAY!!! Hopefully the renovation will create a 4 star hotel. However, at the moment, this is far from a 4 star hotel. I would have been happier in a holiday inn/best western. I pricelined a 4star, N. Michigan ave hotel for NYE and this is what I got. Last year, I pricelined a 4star hotel on North Michigan ave and I was at the Westin which prompted me to do this again.... Had I known how disgusting the Knickerbocker truly is, I never would have done so. The room had hair ALL OVER. Dangling from the lamps, in the bath tub, in the sink and god only knows what was there that I could not see. The room was small, which was not a big deal. The fact that you had to go sideways into the bathroom because a bed was in the doorway was a little annoying. The whole room was shabby, the wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling (and again had hair stuck to it). The toilet was hard to flush.. the bedding was very tattered and the pillows had lost all their fringe (and yes, I threw those things off as fast as possible. they just looked like they harbored bacteria). The bed was so old I sank into it and could barely get out (and I weigh 110 pounds so it wasn't my massive frame that caused the bed to sink. I do not recommend anyone uses priceline.com until this hotel is removed from the 4 star choice.	
Jan 1 2008 	Historic means OLD!	We were extemely disappointed with this questionable 4 star hotel. It was described as historic and luxurious. It was not! It is just old and needs remodeling. We had a king room on the 6th floor at the end of the hallway with a view of the Westin and roof of the neighboring building. So, no view. The room was tiny with the woodwork painted over and over, and it was cracked and peeling. We agree with what others have written about the temperature. It was either hot or cold. Then there was the bathroom. Cheap, small, and smelly. It had a musty smell. There was nothing luxurious about the bathroom either. Cheap fixtures and tile work. Scratchy towels.The linens on the bed were okay but not of 4 star quality. I would rate this hotel a 2 star. It is not as nice as some Super 8 rooms I have stayed in while on the road traveling. The elevators are old and also in need of remodeling. The help was less than helpful. Basically, the help ingored the guests. I used the fitness room, and it had everything that is needed for a good workout. However, all the machines were crammed into a hotel size room. Then there is no pool or whirlpool. They offer those 6 blocks south of the hotel. Who wants to venture out in cold weather to walk that far in the cold?On the positive side, it has a great location! We did have a great weekend taking in shows, restaurants, and the Bears game. Go Bears!Priceline, Please take this off your 4 start list!!!!! We have used Priceline for most of our stays in Chicago and were terribly disappointed this time. This hotel lacks the amenities and features of a 4 star hotel. It is a place to sleep while staying in the city and no more. Sincerely, A faithful Priceline customer	
Dec 31 2007 	Fabulous...Best Customer Service In Chicago...	With all the bad and low reviews I was not happy, to say the least, when Priceline picked the Knickerbocker in Chicago as my 4* hotel for my Christmas two day break. WHAT A SURPRISE. Upon arriving late in the evening I was welcomed by two extremely lovely and helpful check in representatives who although being very busy were more than kind and friendly.The elevator is conveniently located right next to the check-in. Upon getting to my room and getting situated I noticed a slight problem.I called the front desk and within two minutes one of the front desk personnel was in my room (I believe it was the manager). There was no question from him other than...... &quot;what can I do to make you happy?&quot; I stated that I wanted to stay at the hotel and try another room. He immediately went to find another room; checking the room first to make sure it was perfect. I cannot express how satisfied I was with the concern that he quickly had shown to me and how fast he worked to find another room.The room was not only beautiful but clean and very comfortable.The great things about the rooms and hotel are:**** Beautiful furnishings **** Comfortable beds**** Beautiful lighting and mirrors**** Quaint bathroom with high end shampoo and soaps**** Fast room service - including all night service**** Great housekeeping**** High end linens and pillows**** Location..location..location..**** Friendly staff and hard working bellman and valetsIf there is any down sides at all it would be:**** Expensive valet parking - $44.00 per day**** No Menu for childrenOverall I will stay at the Knickerbocker every time I am in Chicago for either business or pleasure; with or without the children.Checking hotel websites the prices are very reasonable for this type of hotel. Before this hotel I would normally take my changes on Priceline or Hotwire; but now I would rather spend a few extra dollars and have peace of mind on knowing I will be totally satisfied with my hotel.Take a chance, see for yourself. This is a fabulous older and quaint hotel in the best location in Chicago.Sincerely,Elizabeth Wahl Vo	
Dec 28 2007 	Yuck.	No more Hotwire or Priceline for hotel reservations for me. I requested a 4 star hotel on or near Michigan Ave. and still paid a decent amount to stay at this hotel. My mom and I came to Chicago for some Christmas shopping and stayed here on a Friday night. The hotel is about a block off of Michigan Ave. On entrance, we were hit with the smell of cigarette smoke overtaking the lobby. The bar/lounge is the main entrance and you have to walk further back to hit the check in desk. We checked in and the front desk clerk quickly accomodated our request for a room with 2 double beds. We headed up to the room and it left ALOT to be desired. I don't know how this is ranked as a four star hotel. The room was tiny, old and drab. We looked behind the desk, and there were a number of &quot;pellets&quot; - the source of which my mom and I were trying to ignore/not think about. The area around/behind the bathroom sink was also dirty and nasty. I can overlook alot of amenities in a hotel, but filth is hard for me to tolerate. We had an ok sleep, but the temperature in the room varied between hot and cold and I was awoken throughout the night to people leaving the elevator, closing doors, and making whoopee (not even in the room next to us - down the hall!). The next morning, we checked out and left our bags. We used an automatic checkout. No breakfast or newspaper was provided. When we returned later in the afternoon, we sat in the lounge to relax before picking up our bags to go. Although others in the bar had snacks and drinks, we sat there for 1/2 hour without one person asking us if we needed anything, despite the fact that someone was walking around. When I finally got so frustrated that I went to get our bags, I turned in our tag to the clerk who then took another 15-20 minutes to retrieve our bags. He also sat and chatted with a fellow employee for most of that time after giving me a nod saying it &quot;would just be a few minutes&quot; but no further explanation. All I kept saying to my mom was - I have to put this on tripadvisor. We still had a fun trip, but the hotel was supposed to be a birthday gift to her, and the hotel was damper. With SO many hotels in Chicago, I recommend you avoid this one.	
Dec 17 2007 	Girls Night Downtown....	I took my Mom and my sisters to this property on Dec. 14th. We live about 40 minutes outside of Chicago and love staying in this area around x-mas to shop, eat, Walk etc...This is a great old hotel, classic. It may not be up to modern standards that a lot of travelers are used to, but it's wonderful. I would describe this hotel as a nice boutique hotel with a very European feel. I've stayed here over the years with friends and family and have never had a below excellent experience.You can't beat the location, awesome to go walking on Michigan Ave during the holidays! Right across the street from the Drake, and I've stayed there as well and didn't enjoy it nearly as much, way overpriced. The rooms and bathroom are a little small, but unless you are planning on spending a lot of time in the room it really doesn't matter, it's comfortable and decorated nicely.Stay and enjoy! Don't worry about any bad reviews, let those people spend three times as much so they have a few more feet in the bathroom! ??	
Dec 16 2007 	we were disappointed	Have traveled extensively and have stayed at a wide variety of hotel properties, from Super 8 level to Ritz Carlton level. I have also stayed at other Millennium properties. This hotel was noticably not up to par compared to what I would expect from a hotel with this reputation and location. Nice lobby, but that hides the rooms, where the real issues are. My wife and I had a one double bed room. The room was no larger than perhaps 10 feet by 12 feet. There were obvious worn spots on the carpet, especially near the room entrance. The bathroom, not including the shower, was about 3 feet wide by 5 feet long. The temperature fluctuated drastically throughout the night (it was 20 degrees outside). We'd set the thermostat at 75 and it felt way too hot -- at least 80. Then we would reset it to 72 and I was shivering in 15 minutes. The bed was one of the cheapest beds I have ever slept in. It felt like a trampoline. The slightest movements by either of us would be transmitted throughout the bed, resulting in a difficult sleep for us both. Next time we'll choose a Radisson or Sheraton or something like that, where we're more likely to get more for our money.	
Dec 10 2007 	Good option to travel in Budget	This hotel is conveniently located 1 block from the Magnificent Mile (Michigan Avenue) just infront of Drake Hotel.I didn't really decided to purchase this hotel, since I blindly purchased in Hotwire. The result was a very convenient rate, in a good located hotel.If you like very luxury hotels this is not your option, since the rooms are old, limited and not stylish. But they are confortable, and you didn't really feel you lack.It's just that if you are used to book in fancy hotels, you will have the sensation, you are in a lower category hotel.By the way the staff in the hotel is really helpfull and friendly.	
Dec 4 2007 	Perfect Place	What a quaint, warm and friendly place to stay! Very accomodating ..had 2 dble beds and bathroom was fine....a bit small compared to USA hotels....but compared to european travel...the place was palatial! Would def. stay here again. Location is great too!	
Nov 30 2007	No problems with the Knickerbocker!	We were happy with our Priceline deal and the hotel. Staff were one of the friendliest of all hotels we have stayed in.We generally priceline our Chicago trips, but would stay at this hotel if we got a a good price. Bathrooms are likely the smallest a guest would ever experience, but, it is an old and charming place. Room was clean, as were the towles and linens. Again, the staff are 4 star folks!	
Nov 27 2007	Adequate would not stay here again	I recently returned from a stay at the Knickerbocker. It was my fourth trip to Chicago. The location north of Michigan Avenue is excellent. However, the rooms are very small, particularly the bathrooms which make the pricey (even for a Chicago) stay not worth it at all. Further, the front desk staff were inept and condescending. My friend and I had an issue with the bill, which the staff failed to comprehend, and I ended up being billed AFTER checkout for services not incurred.	
Nov 22 2007 	Great location nice hotel	Booked this hotel on priceline for $73. My first time in Chicago &amp; I arrived in the dark &amp; was abit worried about whether the hotel would be in a neighbourhood that felt safe. But the hotel has a great location right near the John Hancock Tower, lots of people around &amp; handy for the shops on N Michigan Avenue. The rooms are not huge &amp; there was only a shower - no bath. But for this price it was great. They charge for internet access but I connected on my laptop &amp; was ready to pay the $10 fee but as I used wireless connection not a plug-in on the desk I wasn't charged - presumably as the system doesn't know which room I'm in! I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 16 2007 	Knickerbocker - charming but a little shabby	Location is wonderful! It's right off Michigan Avenue on a quiet street near the gold coast. Staff was extremely helpful and pleasant. The hotel has a certain charming, slightly shabby feel. Room was small, but plenty of room for one person (or two if you spend most of your time elsewhere ). Bathroom was large enough but there was no vanity or counter for personal items. By my second day I was really tired of getting ready using a narrow sink ledge. Everything slid into the sink or onto the floor. Wireless access from the bar area and mezzanine was free but everything else had a seperate charge. I'd stay there again for (only) one night because of location and price.	
Nov 6 2007 	Great location our guests were very happy thanks Ashley!	We reserved the Knickerbocker for our guests to stay for our wedding a mile away in Lincoln Park and couldnt be happier. We booked a total of about 20 rooms and the hotel was very flexible in allowing us to not guarantee them until guests booked also. Ashley helped us with every step and we had nothing but positives from our guests.The positives: GREAT location! Not a cookie cutter hotel, and it has some charm. Wonderful service.The negatives: smaller rooms that wont be ideal for people who only expect McMansion dimensions. ??? Other than that, a great value!	
Oct 27 2007 	Gulag	Prefaced in stating that nobody should ever use Priceline. Booked well in advance for an October-stay to visit family. Arrived and 5:30pm for an instant check-in. Lobby is nice, but the martini-bar is adjacent, and the smoke is unbearable. Took the elevator to the 6th floor, corner-room. Room was disappointing to state the least. Dirty carpets, peeling baseboards, stained ceilings. Hotel's website states their is &quot;high-speed&quot; internet access in each room -- the only access was a phone-jack on the desk for dial-up which was broken. I didn't test the modem connection, rather, the jack was smashed. I was forced to check email on my PDA. my call to the front-desk was answered with, &quot;not all rooms have high-speed at this time&quot;. I had no interest in another room as I'd already unpacked. A minor annoyance, but fraudulent to state that all rooms are equipped.The furniture was chipped and of poor-quality. The TV was close to antique-status. Ice machine was broken on my floor. The bed was reasonably comfortable, but the linens were worn. Bathroom was clean, but absurdly small. Unable to keep bathroom door open due to spring-hinge. An annoyance, as it's the only source of potable water in the room.The overall condition of the room was deplorable. I've never been in a college dorm room that was this poorly finished. Millennium has made it clear that they're simply out to milk these properties for all they're worth. I will never patronize another Millennium property.	
Oct 23 2007 	So disappointing	I stayed in Chicago Knickerboder Hotel for 1 night in October. The hotel's central air conditioning system wasn't working at all. I woke up several times during the night to add clothes. I turned the thermostats up and up until 85 degrees. There was no heat at all. The next morning I complained to the hotel front desk who simply said to me, 'we know there is a problem.' I tried to ask for some compensation from the hotel and was rejected. Will never go back again. Yes, the bathroom is extremely small and the lobby, elevator smells cigarette smoke.	
Oct 3 2007 	Better then the reviews give it credit for	I booked this hotel on priceline and was terrfified after seeing the reviews, almost to the point of dreading the trip. We just returned today and I couldn't wait to write a review. The staff was extremely helpful. The consierge was wonderful and able to answer all of our questions. The beds were very comfortable and had thick comforters. Our room had two double rooms and had enough room for my family of 4. We would definately stay here again. I was very very pleasantly suprised and glad that we got this hotel. The location was fantastic and as I already mentioned the staff was great. the only things that could have made this any better was free wireless internet connection in the room, a continental breakfast and bigger dressers to put our clothes in. Other than that we enjoyed the hotel a great deal. The decorations are a little strange as you can see by candid pictures and the hallway had a little of a musty smell but it was not over bearing and it did not smell like urine as some of the reviews have stated. Don't be afraid if you get this room on price line. We had a great stay and I am grateful to the staff.	
Oct 3 2007 	Hmmm not so much! Would not be my choice	A conference booked this hotel for me and I did check it out but when I arrived I was a little disappointed. However the location is great just one block from Michigan Street where you will find great shopping and eateries and the hotel martini bar in the lobby looked inviting. Now ...as far as the room, I requested a king got two doubles, the remote control did not work and the view was yucky. The hotel is noted as a historical hotel - so if you are not into history this is not the place for you. What I found to be amusing was the size difference between the closet and the bathroom. The closet was a walk-in with a night stand inside and the bathroom was so small I could wash my face in the sink, shower and flush all at once. The towels rough not fluffy (again historical) and there were no wash cloths. The photos are better than it really is. This property is rated 4 star but I would not stay here again (not terrible but there are better in the same location). There are those who like historical ...but not me.	
Sep 26 2007 	Knickerbocker better than OK	We recently returned from Chicago and a stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker. After reading the reviews on this forum I was worried about what I would find. Yes the hotel is old, but it is well maintained. The bathrooms as mentioned in other posts are small. The rooms are on the smallish side too but if you are like us you are not in Chicago to stay in a hotel room. The beds were comfortable and things were clean. The location is great! Just 1/2 block from N. Michigan avenue. The staff was also nice and very helpful. We would stay there again in a minute.	
Sep 14 2007 	fantastic staff - great room - great location - book it now	I think the negative reviews I have read are really isloated incidents - yes some of the rooms likely have some dings in the baseboards but at least they are old, tall, deep baseboards - it's an old hotel and shows it's age in spots - we thought it was still elegant and graceful however. How much time do you spend in your room anyway? Chicago is a place to get out and experience - we had a week and wanted two more just to cover what we really wanted to see - a fantastic city.The hotel staff is the greatest we have ever experienced - they upgraded our room immediately when we had a minor problem with the bathroom - they went out of their way to make sure we had a great trip. Great front desk staff and management - amazing concierges, I can't say enough good things about this hotel - terrfic location too.	
Sep 11 2007 	Great hotel if you know what to expect	My husband and I just returned from a 3 night stay at this property, and it was just fine. The staff was very friendly and helpful, especially the concierge desk (we dealt with at least 4 differenct concierges, and they were all GREAT.) Perfect location, plenty to do within walking distance, plus we rode the bus up and down Michigan Ave quite a bit. The hotel is old and the decor a little funky, but we knew what to expect and thought it was great. Our room was very nice, we were at the end of a hallway. The bathroom was small but didn't seem to be a problem for us. Loved the windows that opened, had a nice breeze at one point! Again, if you know what to expect, this hotel is fine - we would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Sep 3 2007 	Needs to renovate	This hotel has the worst rooms we have stayed in during the last 10 years. The first room they gave us was a shock. TINY and the bathroom was a joke,, you had to step inside, move out of the way just to shut the door. The furniture is disgusting and all the wood trim was VERY beat up and painted over about 100 times. so they transfered us to the 'executive suite' That room had a tiny bathroom.. I mean TINY! The furniture was hideous and dirty.It was on the 3rd level so you heard every conversation on the street below and traffic was loud. The only impressive part is the lobby.. but don't be fooled. because after that .. the floors above look like they need a major overhaul.. and the rooms were not worth even $100 per night. we stayed there a year ago because we got stuck through Priceline deal. I don't think we want to do Priceline again only because they have the Knickerbocker as a 4 star Hotel and we don't ever want to go back there again. 2 Stars at best for the dumpy Knickerbocker. They should be ashamed of themselves for even allowing guests to stay in those rooms. Boomer. Naperville, IL	
Sep 1 2007 	Ok I gave it a try. Sorry I did.	Based on previous reviews I was a little apprehensive about our stay here. Friendly staff? Not so. We found an AMAZINGLY RUDE STAFF. From the moment we checked in, we were greeted by Hector at the front desk who could not have been more rude. After we checked in, the bellman was in shock when we asked for our luggage to be brought to our room by him. Once, when asking for change from Helen at the Front Desk, we were simply told NO with out any further explanation.The interior of the room has been described as shabby-chic in previous reviews, but to be honest it is better described as rundown shabby chic. The wallpaper is peeling, the carpets are shredded and torn, woodwork cracked and peeling, furniture is chipped and stained. Air-conditioning unit did smell something awful in one of our rooms. The hall does smell of some odor that is being masked.If you get it for under $100/night it might (I repeat might) be a good deal. But otherwise, I would advise anyone to avoid this hotel. There are no redeeming qualities in this hotel that you could not find in any other hotel in the area, and the little things that make a hotel visit special are non-existent here.	
Aug 31 2007 	Serves it's purpose - Great staff	My wife and I just spent 3 nights here for our anniversary. The hotel is in a perfect location about 1/2 block off the north side of Michigan Ave. John Hancock building only 1.5 blocks away. We arrived at the hotel at about 4:30pm on a Sunday. We pulled up to the door and the bellman was there to help us right away. ...very friendly and helpful. He took our luggage and the valet man took my car and off to check in we went.Check in was a breeze...no wait at all. She mention that our room had 2 full size beds and I said &quot;no, it should be a queen&quot; She tapped a few buttons and then gave me a choice of 2 rooms with King size beds, and pointed out that one is at the end of the hallway, which would have little foot traffic, and the other has a view of the beach/lake. Both would be very nice. I said I'll take the one with the view of the lake. Again she tapped a few buttons and said &quot;Looks like I can't give you that one, but I can put you in this one.&quot; It ended up being an even better room on the 12th floor over all the other smaller buildings with a view of the beach and lake. We arrived at to our room and my first over all impression was not too bad. It was older, the decorations/theme was a little odd, and it was a little small, but it was clean and acceptable. The bathroom was small too, but I was not going to complain, because I got the room for $75/night + $40/night for valet parking. The hallway did have a distinct smell to it, but I would say it was bad, just one of a kind. The room was fine though. It was very hot during our stay there, but we still opened our window, which always provide a nice strong consistent breeze come off the lake. I was shocked to find that there was very little if any road/traffic noise that could be heard with our window open.The hallway could be noisy if it was a busy floor, but we got lucky and there didn't seem to be many people coming and going at night, so we didn't get the banging from other peoples doors or talking in the hallway.I left my memory stick for my digital camera in the room and didn't find out till I got home, so I don't have any pictures. I called the hotel right away and they transferred me to the maid service. I talked to a Lucy and she was very professional, nice, and courteous, unfortunately they were unable to find the memory stick, which I'm still sick about, but I must say it was nice to know that the resort still treated me like a guest even after my stay.	
Aug 27 2007 	A Very Old Hotel in a Good Location	I stayed at this hotel for business. It was located in a very good location, on the northern end of the Magnicifient Mile. Check-in was okay...not extremely efficient, but good enough.The hotel is &quot;historic.&quot; However, it really needs some sprucing up. The bathroom is tiny, and the decor is...for the lack of a better word...interesting.The noise from the street below is constant, but I think that's the price of staying in a hotel in a busy section of the city. I'm sure the Drake across the street also gets the same noise.I did not use the fitness center or the business center. However, their ballroom is absolutely stunnning.	
Aug 26 2007	great hotel for what we paid	I was VERY please with this hotel. I think it holds true to a 4-star rating. We booked this hotel on hotwire for $99/nt. Keep in mind that it's an older hotel. It's beautiful and has lots of character. We stayed on the 10th floor. The room looked as though it had been remodeled. We had a king size bed that was VERY comfortable. The bathroom is VERY small, but everything was new and very modern in the bathroom. The room was very clean and even smelled great. We read other reviews and took the advice to request a new bathroom, so maybe that is why we got such a nice room. They have 3 or 4 elevators and they are very small. The doorman &amp; bellman get two thumbs down. They never helped us with our bags or even opened the door, actually they just stood in the way. But, the concierge gets two thumbs up!!! If you need advice on where to go and what to see talk to Paul. He is a wealth of knowledge and such a nice person. He gave us maps and took 20 mins with us. We took his advice on a few things and his suggestions were always great!The hotel is in a great location. Just 1 block from Michigan ave. But, if you want to catch the L it's about a 15 min walk. about 5-6 blocks. The only other complaint I have is that our thermostat in our room didn't work so it was either too hot or too cold. But we never complained since we only stayed 2 nights and were just in the room to sleep. Overall I would recommend this hotel.We loved the restaurant Carmines on rush street.We loved the Chicago Trolley Co. Hop-on-hop-off tour (take the double-decker bus instead of the trolley)A Cubs game is a MUST. (take the L)Breakfast at Tempos is GEATTake a ride around the brown line on the L (great sightseeing)We didn't like the restaurant Hugo Frogs on Rush street.Hope this is helpful and enjoy Chicago!	
Aug 25 2007 	A great historic hotel!	I just returned from a stay at The Knickerbocker and it was fantastic. The staff is incredibly attentive and the location is outstanding. I loved the Martini Bar and all of the food was really good too. The concierge helped me plan each day of my stay and I was able to maximize my Chicago visit. I would highly recommend this hotel and will definitely return!	
Aug 22 2007 	Better than expected	We were a little concerned after seeing the mixed reviews that the hotel got. We found it an outstanding value for the money. Rooms were small but clean, beds were comfortable. Bathroom was very clean. My husband, myself and our two teen age daughters shared a room and found we had enough space. The staff was very helpful and the location was excellent. We will stay there again..	
Aug 21 2007 	Just OK	I stayed at the Knickerbocker about 10 years ago and felt it had a decrepit elegance. Now it is plain old decrepit. The bathroom was about the size you would expect in an interior cabin of a Carneval Cruiseship. The grout in the tub had been reworked so many times, an archeologist could have made a study of it. When I arrived a long hair was adhered to the shower curtain. The wallpaper was curling up in spots; the ceiling plaster was patched, etc. On the plus side, the windows in the room actually open, and the location is great.	
Aug 21 2007 	Better than expected	Out stay was July 27th-30th, my husband and I took our grandaughter for her 7th birthday to the American Girl Doll Store.I booked our trip on Priceline and after doing so I read the reviews and was quite upset, with priceline there is no refund so I knew we were stuck. I called the hotel before our stay and requested 2 beds and they said they could not promise us this we would have to wait until the date of our trip and request this at check-in. I was highy upset and told the operator about all the horrible reviews I read and didn't want to stay at his hotel but I was stuck with it. What a sweetheart she was, her name was Catrice and she promised me she would make it worth our while to please give the hotel a chance and not to go by what you read. When we arrived we found a beautiful display of chocolate covered grapes and cookies with a cold glass of milk for our grandaughter. This added such a special touch to our trip and Catrice was right, I am glad we gave the hotel a chance, it turned out to be perfect, yes the bathrooms our very small but the bedding and the location of this hotel made up for that.We had a great time and our grandaughter loved the American Girl store. The luncheon at the American Girl is well worth it. I would recommend this to any one taking their daughter or grandaugher.	
Aug 15 2007 	Average place if you find a good deal on it!	We booked through Priceline and got a 1-night stay for for $110 plus tax. Given the location, I would say this price was just about ok....but any higher and I would be disappointed. The lobby is decent enough but the rooms are old and the bathroom, though clean, wasn't what you'd expect from a 4-star in the heart of Chicago. All in all, if location is your main concern, you are happy with a reasonably nice place to stay, and you can book for under $125 a night....I could live with this choice!	
Aug 8 2007 	Pleasantly Surprised	Attended a convention at the hotel. Requested a king non smoking room. Arrived early and our room was not ready but that isn't their fault. They kept our bags for us and we went out to explore the city. When we came back they told us our room was ready. It was on the sixth floor and faced a courtyard of sorts. No view but we didn't mind because it was quiet at night time. The room had been rehabed recently. Surprisingly the room has two bathrooms. A half bath and a full bath. We set up shop as his and hers so that was nice. The hotel was built in 1927 and is on the historic hotel ledger. The entrance way is not very grand as say the park in boston but it is nice. The staff was very friendly and helpful especially the concierge. Don't eat at the hotel. it is way over priced. There are good eats all around and RUSH street restaraunts are a short walk away. Navy pier is a 20 min walk. This hotel is at a good location. You can walk and shop the vertical malls and the over priced designer shops. You are walking distance to the zoo and area beaches and the bike and walking trails along the lake. I made it thru my whole trip without needed a cab. The hotel has wireless internet that is free in the hotel lobby and wired access from the rooms for 9.99 for 24 hours. It was worth the trek to the lobby for the free access. Hotel provides USA today each weekday. Room service is over priced. Steak is 40 bucks. Chicago is a nice city. very clean. people are very nice. I would stay here at this hotel again. If you want posh and lux don't stay stay at the drake across the street. If you want a nice place to stay with charm and good attentive staff stay here. The parking I might add is a bit steep at 40 bucks per day but you have in/out privliages (valet). Alert. No Pool so if you have kids you might want to look elsewhere. Elevators are small also but they were quick and always available.	
Aug 8 2007 	Hrumpf!	I was really looking forward to this business trip. I knew it would be a bit difficult to see many sites so I was enthused about a great hotel. I read reviews, but remained positive that it would be good. Heck, a hotel you are paying $300 a night for must be nice.The day before I flew in I called the hotel as the travel agent didn't book a smoking room. I was told that the couldn't arrange it for the first night and that all smoking rooms for the remaining nights were on the convention level and it would be loud during the day. That didn't bode well as I was working a night shift so I opted for a non-smoking room.When I checked in my room was ready early. The lobby is outstanding and the Martini bar quite neat. The Nyx restaraunt is immaculate looking though I was never back early enough to eat there.There was a faint odor in the hallways, but it wasn't in my room. I found a double bed arrangement instead of the requested king. Dropped my bags and headed to work. After work I was excited to sit down and have a drink at the neat little martini bar....it closed at 12:30. The bartender Floyd was wonderful despite not being able to serve me. He gave me directions to a 4am bar so I hung out there the next few days. Upon returning to my room I unpacked my laptop and couldn't find a wireless signal (the internet usage directions were hidden under the phone). Called the desk and was told that I would have to purchase a LAN cable out of the wet bar for $7, and be charged $10 per 24 hours for internat usage. I was stewing now so I inspected the room a bit. Yes, it was tiny and I could understand that. The lighting was dim at night. The TV didn't pull out far enough to have a good angle to the desk for when I was working on my computer. The closet was small and had a small as well as the restroom but the shower was nice though. Limited space all around. The comfotors were VERY worn and had holes in them.Explaining the problems to the front desk, they agreed to comp the cable. I asked them to be sure no one woke me up and to have room service after 3:30pm. I was awoken at 1pm by the room service people that had or should have had contrary orders. The comforters were not changed my entire trip there. On check out they didn't charge me for internet usage for my stay.This place isn't terrible, but is is not worth $300 a night. I see most of you are getting decent rates on discount sites and for $80 a night I might have been way more agreeable to the problems, but even at $80 a night I've had better experiences in Holiday Inn Express....	
Aug 7 2007 	Great location but really needs updating	This could be a great hotel -- it's a historic building a great location and the neighborhood is wonderful, but the decor is shabby and in serious need of updating. The rooms are small and the bathroom really tiny and rickety (the shower doors and tiny pedestal sink wabble and we had a bathroom door wouldn't shut, and the repair person never showed up to fix it). The front desk staff is rather inefficient and often in a state of confusion. One plus is the rates were reasonable compared to all other hotels in the area, but I'd rather pay more next time and stay somewhere else!	
Aug 7 2007 	KnickerDump	In desperate need of cleaning and updating. Dark, dingy rooms with patched ceilings and soiled comforters. Ripped rugs, chipped furniture, and the smell of cheap room freshener will make your stay most unpleasant. One plus, the staff is very friendly and accommodating.	
Jul 17 2007 	A place to put your head	Hotel was OK. Older hotel with a interesting history. They were great in letting us check in right away 9am so we did not have to carry our bags around all day. We upgraded to a larger room with 2 double beds. I cant imagine how small the original room with 1 queen would of been. Spent the night there after a long day at the taste and a archetectural tour. We didn't want to pay the rates for breakfast $$ so we asked concerige and they were wonderful in recomending a great resturant named Tempo a few blocks away.	
Jul 16 2007	Suggestions I have for making your trip better here.	Hi ........ we just stayed 7/13-7/16 ......... We booked our hotel on Priceline 4 mons ago, so we didn't select the Knickerbocker, Priceline selected it for us :) .... That said - I have read all the reviews and here is our take (we are in our early 30's no children). Suggestions for room requests - we requested NEW bathroom rooms and end of the hallway when we arrived. These are 2 huge suggestions to ask for. Old bathrooms everybody say are yicky - ours was brand new, very clean - still small, but no biggy. End of the hallway - VERY imporant - walls are very thin, you can easily hear people walking by - so i HIGHLY recommend you request this. GREAT location as everybody says - you are right on Michigan Ave you come out at Louis Vuitton, so you are close to EVERYTHING. Yes, halls do spell like cat urine, however our room did not (we were in 522) - I had brought candle and burned in our room and made everything spell yummy :) ........ we are picky picky - Ritz Carlton travelers, however we knew going in what to look for and what to plan for and we had a GREAT time :).	
Jul 15 2007 	A Downtown Gem	Other reviews complain about the small rooms. For a major city, we found our room quite comfortable with a king bed and really nice furnishings. One feature we liked is the ability to open the window. The Knikerbocker is a small boutique hotel right off Michigan Avenue in the best area of Chicago. The staff was friendly and helpful. For the $116 we paid on Hotwire, we could not have found a better room in downtown Chicago.	
Jul 13 2007 	Staff get an A+; for the rest oy vey	The experience at this hotel can be summed up in two words: risky venture.The staff are fantastic for the most part but the hotel is a piece of crap. The lobby is old and and worn, not to mention the elevators, corridors, room doors, rooms, bathrooms, beds, bedding, desks, desk chairs, carpet in the rooms, towels, toilets, bathtubs...need I go on? I get the feeling that the staff are trying real hard to impress guests but one gets the feeling even at check-in that it's going to be a lackluster experience. Reception is tucked away back in a far away corner and seems to have not been renovated in a dozen years, at least. The rooms are exceptionally dirty and the decor an assault on the senses (all of them, including smell!). I made sure to remove the quilt from the bed before sleeping in it - seems they don't change them on a guest-by-guest basis and it was, uh, stained with somethin'. I don't know what and wasn't about to find out.This isn't a four-star hotel in any way more than the staff and it's history. It's present day condition warrants a complete makeover. That said, if you are lucky the price is right on Hotwire, Priceline, etc., and for the location, maybe that's the trade-off. But for me, I'd rather stay elsewhere at higher cost with improved hygiene and room experience.	
Jul 11 2007	Great Hotel!	This is a wonderful hotel in the ideal location! We were on Chcago for only three days so it was important that we stay somewhere close to everything we wanted to do. You are RIGHT there. From the moment we walked in, it was elegant, clean, lovely, and very welcoming. The staff was very nice and helpful and we couldn't have asked for better service all around. The best part of the hotel was the bar in the lobby. We stopped there two nights and had great drinks and a nice chat with Humberto, the bartender. He was so nice and made great drinks for us. The only thing I would have negative to say is that the bathrooms are a little small but for me, that wasn't that big of deal. I've stayed at the Knickerbocker once before and will definitely stay there whenever we're in Chicago.	
Jul 10 2007 	Great location but the Knickerbocker is a dump	We stayed at the Knickerbocker hotel from Jun 28-July 1 07. My first mistake was purchasing this hotel stay through Hotwire, which I will never use their service again. DON'T GET STUCK AT A PLACE YOU CAN'T GET YOUR MONEY BACK. My second mistake was actually staying there. I can't believe they consider this hotel a 4 star hotel. Whoever rated this hotel as such must have been drinking and smoking something. This is a solid 2-star hotel. The rooms are extremely small and not well maintained. It's an old hotel so there is layer upon layer of paint on the walls and molding. At first we had a room with a queen bed, which gave us about 2 feet on each side. The bathroom door could touch the bed. Only one person can fit in the bathroom. There is no place to put your toiletries because it's a single sink. The wallpaper was peeling in various places. Then we moved to a room with a king bed. That was a little better a little more room. The decor was horrible. It looked as if they picked up the items from a flea market. Now, the location is great. It's a 1/2 block from Michigan Ave., which was a plus. But, i do not recommend this hotel or HOTWIRE.	
Jul 5 2007 	An Absolute Dump	The Knickerbocker is one hotel that I'd like to forget. The rooms are very small, musty smelling and the decorations are an abomination. You could shop at any flea market and find higher quality furnishings. If you are use to hostel type living--you might find this place agreeable. At best it might be a two star and I'm being gracious.	
Jun 24 2007	Nice comfortable hotel	I don't understand the negative reviews here. Unless you are looking for a super high standard 5*, I would certainly recommend this hotel. Whilst the rooms are quite small and the bathrooms fairly limited, it IS a very nice hotel - not a dump as one reviewer said. The staff were very attentive and kind and the hotel feel was quite luxurious. The location is great (close to the water).	
Jun 1 2007 	Meh	Pluses: - Bathrooms were recently renovated, and had new showers installed. They were very clean. - Staff were very polite and attentiveCons:- Boy, this place stank. And by &quot;stank&quot; I mean, it smelled. The hallways had a unique odor of mildew, doggy smell and even a urine-like smell. - The rooms were incredibly small.- The decor was hideously ugly. As in, early seventies mirrored walls above the bed. It was not worth the price at all. P.S., be wary of the small &quot;gift shop&quot; across from the front desk. The employees there shorted me on change on three separate occasions - they have some serious issues with being able to count money.	
May 1 2007 	Old Towne Hotel Experience	The hotel gave a very old school vibe, kind of like something out a mob movie. Very friendly staff, easy check in and out. The bathroom was a little small, though the shower was a good size. Its it a good location right off of the Michigan Ave night life. Bed could have been a little softer but an overall good experience.	
Apr 30 2007 	Stellar service Would stay here again	We hotwired this hotel, and I was concerned after reading the reviews. I was pleasantly surprised with the attentive service we recieved (car brought around promptly, great lobby bar, super concierge). Rooms are a bit dated, but I was informed there is a major renovation underway. Set in a great Gold Coast location, close to world-class shopping and dining, but on a quieter street just east of Michigan. We will stay here again.	
Apr 29 2007 	Not as bad as people say.	My fiancee and I booked a room at the Knickerbocker and just returned. We had room 920, which had a king size bed and a partial view of the beach. This hotel is not as bad as people on this website say it is. I was concerned after reading some reviews, but when we arrived I realized that some people are just way too picky. I didn't feel the hotel was &quot;disgusting&quot; as some other reviewers thought. Here are some highlights: Room - The room was decent sized and had a very comfortable king size bed. The decorations are a little weird, but I feel like it adds to the character of this hotel. The bathroom is small, but for one person at a time it is fine. The shower worked really nice and the soaps and shampoos included were good quality. Considering how old the hotel is, I feel the rooms are in very good condition. Lobby - The lobby is large with a really nice bar attached. The drinks were pricey though at about $8 for a rum and coke. We didn't go to the hotel restaurant, but it looked like it is very reasonably priced. Staff - The front desk staff, concierge, and bell hops were all very friendly and accommodating. The concierge even helped us find the address for a bar we were looking for. We had no problems at all. Location - Absolutely perfect. Less than one block from Michigan Avenue and the Hancock building and only about two blocks from Water Tower Place. It is close to the beach too. Also, tons of restaurants were within walking distance, including Ditka's. Parking - We parked directly across the street at the parking garage right next to The Drake. They charged $30 per day, but it's better than the $40 per day that the hotel charges. Overall, we had a great stay at The Knickerbocker and we would stay there again.	
Apr 11 2007	The Millenium Knickerbocker is Awful	This place is a dump. I booked on Priceline, because the last time I booked a Priceline hotel in Chicago, I got the Westin and loved it. Despite having paid for Priceline, I ate the money I had already spent and called for a reservation at the Westin and went there for the weekend, instead. I didn't regret it for a second.You will be disappointed if you stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker because you are paying for a Holiday Inn at the price of a Westin when you could have the real deal for just a little more. The location is not worth the place being old and so unimpressive. There are enough hotels near the loop (and near a train/bus stop if you need to move around the city inexpensively) that you should not spend the money on the Millenium. Do not waste your time and stay here--this is a trap because of its location, but it's not worth it. Really.	
Apr 11 2007	Lovely but stinky.	The location is fabulous; the lobby is lovely. The room was comfortable but completely lacked charm. Among all the pictures, mirrors, furniture, lamps, and wallpaper in the room, none matched. Total hodge-podge. The bathroom was small, and smelled badly of mildew. Noise from neighboring rooms is very noticeable. I would stay here again, in a pinch. But I would not choose this hotel among most others in the area.	
Apr 10 2007 	better than expected from the reviews	I was a bit worried after reading some of the reviews, but I had already been booked into the hotel by hotwire.com. The rooms are small and the bathrooms are even smaller. The trim work is old and and torn up a bit. The construction crews started at 7 a.m. which I thought was a bit early for a hotel. The staff was great. The lobby area and the bar were really beautiful. The beds were pretty comfy and clean. We did not have any major complaints. For the price and the location of the hotel we felt that we got a good deal. As long as you don't pay over 90 per night and are not expecting a large room you will not be disappointed.	
Apr 8 2007 	Nice hotel with lots of character	I spent five nights at this hotel on business. The hotel has lots of character and my deluxe room was spacious, well furnished and very clean. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The hotel is excellently situated for shopping and all the major sites. Overall, very good value for money.	
Apr 4 2007 	Elegant Shabby Chic	We spent one night at the Knickerbocker. The room was a bit small, bathroom rather cramped and the elegant decor a little past its prime, but it is still a very nice place to stay. My two teenage daughters thought it was &quot;awesome&quot;. They loved the room decorations and the elegant look and feel of the hotel. The staff was very friendly. The bar was a fun place for a drink. The location is great for shopping; Bloomindales is across the street, Water Town Place is 2 blocks away and American Girl Place is 3 blocks away. For breakfast we recommend the Oak Tree Restaurant , it is in the same building as Bloomindales on the top floor.	
Apr 3 2007 	So quaint.	We came into town for &quot;girls weekend out&quot; to see a few shows and &quot;hang out.&quot; The hotel was close to everything we were doing but quiet enough to not hear traffic, even with the window open. Clubs on Rush Street were a block away too. The lobby is quaint and quite beautiful. There is a martini bar and the bartender, Floyd, is pleasant and informative about area restaurants and general information. Fun guy to talk with. There's also a piano player to entertain you. The rooms are interesting as well. A small bathroom but the water is hot and there's enough room for one person to move around. The head of the beds have curtains and there are shams on the pillows with a long round pillow too! The stay was nice and everything was clean. I'd definitely stay there again. Good experience.	
Apr 1 2007	Good Experience	This hotel is a good value for downtown Chicago. I was a little hesitant after reading some of the comments. The hotel was built in 1927 so the hallways are clean and classically deisigned with beauitful light fixtures and door knockers. Our room had two double beds. They were small beds, but no big deal...there were two of us. Our room was rather spacious and very clean. The bedding (sheets) were quality cotton. The bathrom had no tub, but a very nice tiled shower area and was very clean. The decor is a little &quot;funky&quot;, but it adds character to the hotel. The entire staff was exceptional. Parking is $40 for 24 hours (valet). You could park your car in the Bloomingdale's parking ramp on North MIchigan (1block away) for 24 hours at the rate of $25. The hotel is just a block from North MIchigan Avenue. Bloomingdales, Macy's, Ditkas, American Girl Store, and many other great shopping areas are just a few blocks away.	
Mar 31 2007 	Not as good as I expected	The decor in the lobby and room was clean and lovely.The front desk and door staff were knowledgeable and helpful. The housekeeping staff was unresponsive. A mirror fell off the wall and was never replaced. The hairdryer would only work for a minute or so.  I asked for two extra packets of coffee and was only given one. Not what I expect from a boutique hotel on Chicago's Gold Coast.This lovely and intimate boutique hotel could use some TLC from its housekeeping staff.However, the location is wonderful (1 block from Oak Street and Michigan Ave) and the price was right.	
Mar 28 2007 	NOT a 4 star hotel!	If price is your only consideration then you can't beat this location. But if you expect a 4 star experience you'll need to go somewhere else. We booked through Priceline - got an OK rate: $110/night. I see others have gotten rooms here for less. After booking we called the hotel and requested 2 beds. We confirmed again 2 days before we got there. We got into the room and found a King bed. The person at the other end of the phone when we called down to question the room told us that booking through Priceline only gives you the option to &quot;request&quot; 2 beds - apparently calling twice and confirming 2 beds means nothing. We were told there were no other rooms available. The woman I spoke to wasn't pleasant at all - very surprising for a supposedly 4-star, customer-friendly hotel. It was obvious she had a bias against Priceline customers. The bellman (very friendly and sympathetic) suggested getting a roll-away - but there would be an add'l charge. We declined since there was absolutely no room for it. The rooms here are &quot;old world&quot; small, by the way. Cozy and cute but not a place to hang out (but then you're in Chicago so why would you spend more time in your room than you have to?). There are no dressers - only small drawers in the desk. We kept things in the suitcase. The room comes with a single-serving coffee maker. But check that you actually have more than one serving if there are 2 or more in the room. We called for more coffee and it was promptly delivered. No free phone calls - charges are by the minute. No free internet access. No views to speak of but the street is fairly quiet. Now about the bathrooms... Who designed these?!?!? They're small - VERY small. Just to close the door I had to turn sideways. The toilet was nearly flush against the wall. The bathtub was narrow and I kept bumping into the soapdish placed at shoulder height. No fan. They provide the usual soaps, shampoos, etc. but if you bring your own you won't have much shelf space. The next morning we asked at the front desk about availability of a room with 2 beds. They had one - and apparently had one the night before. We asked them to call us if they had a cancellation but got no call. It would appear they hold these rooms for off-the-street customers and force Priceline customers to take the one bed rooms. We called for a bellman to help move us to the new room. After 20 minutes of waiting we moved ourselves. The room was very similar to the old room except there was no easy chair (the better to fit 2 double beds in the room). The bathroom was nearly identical - by which I mean still small. The saving grace was that the door was on a different wall and there was more room to maneuver going in and out. I still can't get over the narrowness of the toilet and shower. Aside from the woman on the phone the first night (we stayed 4 nights), everyone we came in contact with was pleasant. We ate out so can't rate the restaurant in the hotel. The martini bar is right inside the front door and didn't seem to have too much business any of the nights we were there. If you use the valet parking be sure to call down at least 15 minutes before you want to leave. Cars are parked on another block and it can take that long for someone to run to the car and get back through traffic. Check that housekeeping left you enough coffee every day - they didn't always - we had to call for more twice. Our rooms weren't in bad shape - perhaps the renovations are working their way up as we were on the 5th and 3rd floors. But the room renovations aren't up to the standard I expected for a 4 star hotel. The finish - molding, wallpaper seams, caulking in the bathroom - was noticably un-finished. Bottom sheets on the beds didn't cover the ends of the mattress. My companion missed the trash can one night and was too tired to pick up his small piece of trash. It was still on the floor the next day when we returned to our room. Overall, we were very disappointed with the experience. We knew we were getting smallish rooms but the pictures we saw made them look bigger. If you absolutely have to stay in the north loop and are on a budget and are thin you might find a bargain here. Otherwise, look elsewhere for your 4 star experience.	
Mar 20 2007 	Do NOT Stay Here!	I booked a hotel room for 4 nights at this hotel through an online vendor. After booking the hotel room I contacted the hotel to request a room with 2 beds. I was told in 3 different conversations with hotel personnel that I would have a room with 2 double beds. When I arrived I was given a King sized bed and was told that there was nothing the hotel could do for myself and my 3 guests. Apparently the hotel management saw no problem with 4 people sleeping in 1 bed. The staff was completely unaccomodating. To add insult to injury we met other guests that had obtained a room with 2 beds by just walking in off the street the day after we checked in. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. The customer service is well below what is acceptable. The location of the hotel is great but there are many other hotels that offer excellent service and high quality rooms to stay in while visiting Chicago. Bottom line is do NOT stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker!!!	
Mar 20 2007 	YUCK! 2 star motel is more like it!!!!!!!!!	It's a good thing my job payed for this stay. Let me just say how disgusted I was by this property. It was old and outdated, it smelled and it just looked plaine nasty...and that was the hallways. My room (1201 by the way) was a hell hole. The bathroom stunk something awful...like old musty attic mixed with Raid I had to keep the door closed because the smell was so nauseating. The sink was so small, the faucet was rusted the wallpaper was peeling the paint in the room and bathroom had been painted over at least 6 times. the only thing new was the shower door and shower head...to bad the shower head has about a 3 inch gap between it and the wall..can u say caulk. The bed was also scary after I Lisol disinfected it I still did not use the comforter I was afraid of what my have been on it. The light fixtures did not work and the furniture was old and chipped. I travel alot and this is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I found myself looking out the window into the Hilton hotel rooms wishing I was there. DO NOT STAY HERE IT IS NOT WORTH YOUR MONEY...IT DEFINITELY DOES NOT DESERVE A 4 STAR RATING.*****WONT BE BOOKING WITH HOTWIRE I CANT BELIEVE THEY BOOKED ME AT SUCH A DISGUSTING PLACE AND CHARGED $128.65 PER NIGHT. UGGHH!!!	
Mar 5 2007	Great	My friend and I decided to take our daughters to Chicago. I grew up there. The girls are 5 and 6 and wanted to go to the American Girl Store. It was only 4 blocks away. We walked all around downtown. This hotel had a great location. The price was great for the location. Somehow we got upgraded to the Superior Standard room and got a cot for the girls to share. It was great. The staff was friendly. We would definately stay here again.	
Mar 3 2007 	Hotel is okay nothing great	Rooms were falling apart. For how much the hotel is there is still a daily charge for the internet ($10). No control over temperature inside room. Would not recommend this hotel for the price.	
Feb 20 2007	A place with charm	My wife and I just spent the weekend there Feb. 17-19,2007. I had read the reviews on Tripadvisor after naming our own price on Priceline($85/night) and said what the heck, we'll make the best of it, sounded like a crap shoot.(besides our money was committed and we don't have alot). I was glad I had read the reviews here first to know what to expect. We were not disappointed at all. Fantastic location. Like almost everyone says, the staff is great! The decor is what you might expect from a 80 year old hotel to look like. People didn't travel with and need as much back then, so yes, the rooms are smaller. I found out you can upgrade to a larger room when you arrive, for a fee of course. We decided to stick to our original room. Like my wife said,&quot;If everyone paid the going rate for room nights, the hotel would have alot more money to put into updates&quot; but we had no issues. Our beds were very firm(more than we're used too) but in all it was a very pleasant stay. Go with a good attitude and you'll find the Knickerbocker a decent place to stay. Hope this helps if you find yourself staying there, and hey, with the money you saved, take your spouse to a wonderful dinner.	
Feb 20 2007 	Ick	Overall this was a terrible experience. The room was very dirty and gross. Upon check in I found multiple hairs on the bed and IN the bed - yes, you know what kind of hair I'm referring to. The vents were so disgustingly dirty as was the carpeting and scuffed up wallpaper. The best was the most uncomfortable bed I've slept in for quite awhile. The staff was nice but the property needs a mega overhaul asap. I will say breakfast in the hotel (off the menu) was very pleasant and tasty.One can do much better in Chicago. I really hope the hotel reads these reviews and tries to step up soon to save this gem.	
Feb 19 2007 	Classic!	Classic Chicago Hotel, in a great location.	
Feb 9 2007 	Romantic Getaway	I was lucky enough to get a &quot;4 star&quot; hotel off of Priceline for $70 - I was luckier that I got the Knickerbocker! From check in to check out the hotel staff was extremely helpful and friendly. The rooms are small but cozy. After reading the reviews from other guests I was somewhat scared of what I would find - they must have stayed at a different hotel. I am a very frequent traveler and felt that the rooms and the hotel met the &quot;4 star&quot; rating. Yes, the rooms and bathrooms were small, but what historic hotel in a big city isn't? The decor and quality met my expectations. The lobby and bar were very inviting. Overall, I would stay here again and again.	
Feb 7 2007 	Great people	My wife and I spent a long weekend in Chicago and by luck of the draw on Hotwire got to spend it at the Knickerbocker Hotel. The best part of staying here was the people who work there. Everyone was so courteous and helpful and made us feel very welcome. The room was a little small, Hotwire after all, but very comfortable. Would definitely stay again.	
Feb 3 2007 	Well Short Of A 4-Star Hotel	We booked our stay at the Knickerbocker via [--]. We've used Priceline several times before (always indicating that we want a &quot;4-star&quot; hotel). In all prior bookings, we've been very satisfied. Not so this time.The Millennium Knickerbocker is listed as a 4-star hotel by AAA, and has been for years. While some of the reviews below indicate a significantly poorer experience than was ours, I am astounded that this hotel would receive AAA's 4-star rating. It is simply inappropriate.The hotel is a historic facility, dating back to the Prohibition Era shennanigans in Chicago - allegedly the Knickerbocker hosted a number of famous gangsters back in the day. And you see the old-style charm of the place in some of it's external and internal details. The lobby is not a massive affair by modern standards, but was likely quite exceptional in its day. There is a nice bar to your right as you walk into the lobby, and a small but nicely appointed restaurant to the left. The registration desk and concierge desk are very small but are staffed by friendly and helpful people. In fact, the one thing that the Millennium Knickerbocker has going for it is the friendliness/helpfullness of its staff. We had many engaging conversations with staff during our 24 hour stay, and found them to be the saving grace during our stay there.However, the facilities and amenities are substandard by any interpretation - at least for a 4, or even 3 star rating. As mentioned by other reviews below, the rooms are small. But they also are in moderate to poor states of repair. Upon closer inspection, our floors and bed linens appeared to be clean - but the condition of the wall coverings, bed coverings, carpet, woodwork, and tile in the hallways and rooms makes you think that they are not clean. In our limited experience, they ARE clean - just in poor condition. The bed cover was snagged in many places and had a cigarette burn hole. The wall paper was not well applied, and seams were raised in many places. The desk chair was a faux velvet covered affair, and the material had many gouges and was very distressed appearing. The wood desk was also gouged in several places. The woodwork was painted, but appeared to be the last of MANY coats of paint - the finish was VERY lumpy/drippy/wavy. Once the bed cover was pulled off the bed, the bed linens seemed to be relatively new and clean. The bathroom was quite small. The tile was in poor condition, with the grout cracked and stained in many places. The joints where the tiled walls met the floor were in bad condition, with gaps in the grout and stains. This was NOT a room in which it was easy to be comfortable. The hallways were in the same state of repair (clean, but very worn looking). Unlike other reviewers, we detected no foul odors.The hotel is situated in a very convenient location for people wishing to explore the River North/Michigan/Rush St. areas in downtown Chicago. It is across the street from the Drake Hotel, and one block north of the Hancock Tower. And you might say that we shouldn't complain having paid only $69 for our room. However, we've paid that and much less for far nicer hotels, ones appropriately designated as 3 or 4 stars by the AAA., via Priceline and Hotwire. I would certainly have been very upset had I paid rack rate for this room.Also, internet access is quite expensive in my opinion ($13 per night); and there are no complimentary ethernet cables - if you don't travel with one, you must purchase one for $6 thru the mini-bar. Not an unheard-of practice in my experience, but not a pleasant one either.I'd steer clear of this hotel unless rooms are full in your preferred hotels in the area. It is adequate, in that it is clean and staffed by very helpful folks. But it will NOT be the sort of hotel experience you expect from a 3 or 4 star hotel.	
Feb 2 2007 	Average hotel stay	I recently stayed at the Knickerbocker for a conference. I have to admit i was worried about some of the reviews on here, but the hotel was fine. I will say that i dont understand why the hotel is 4 star either, and had it been money out of my own pocket, i might have choosen a different hotel. But overall i had an average hotel stay. Here's a breakdown of my experienceCheck in: due to a change in flight schedule i actually arrived at the hotel around 11AM. I had planned to just store my luggage and do some shopping, but they had a room ready early which was unexpected. Another unexpected was a 50 dollar per day hold placed on your credit card for charges to the mini bar and room service. I was able to get them to waive this for me, because i was traveling on a pre-paid business card and was unaware of this fee. The clerk entered me as a cash paying customer so that i couldnt make room charges, which was fine with me. I wish they would make you aware of this at check in... if you dont know about it ahead of time that can take a big chunk out of your travel budget!!!!!!!! Staff: Excellent, prompt service, very helpful!Location: Right across the street from the Drake, convient to lots of shopping and restaurants on the Mag Mile. However it is towards the end of the mile where a hotel in the middle of the mile might be more convient. Room: On the small side, but very clean and pleasent. Decorations were a bit on the girly side, but being a girl, i enjoyed them! The bed and pillows were extremely comfy. I had to refrain from taking the large pillow home with me! :) My room was close to the elevator, but this was not really a nusiance of any kind. There was one night when the noise outside was bothersome, but i guess that would be the case with any hotel in a larger city. Coffee maker and plenty of glasses provided. The only fridge is the mini bar, no where to keep leftovers. Bathroom: By far the smallest bathroom i have ever seen! The edge of the sink literally hung over the bathtub. And the tiny shelves provided no storage room. But the bathroom was very clean, no mold or mildew. I have seen several people post that they only had a shower, but the bathtub I had a was a deep garden tub and very nice. Water pressure for the shower was great with plenty of hot water. There was a hair dryer in the bathroom, but didnt work very well. The towels were a good size but very scratchy. For female travelers, i wouldnt plan on using the soap or shampoo provided by the hotel... they are very manly smelling. i found it funny that the rooms were all decorated girly and the toilitries provided were clearly for a man!	
Jan 27 2007	Eeeewww and Yuck !	4-star ??!? More like a 2-star hotel !!! Most websites list this as a 4-star hotel, and I cannot imagine why ...probably b/c it is so convenient to Magnificent Mile/Michigan Ave and John Hancock tower. The lobby is ok, but the room was horrible. On my way to the room, right off the elevator on the 12th floor (highest guestroom floor possible) walking in the hallway, there was a very distinctive smell of death-like musty-ness, accented by an oddly old, sour-y, onion-y odor that I could not imagine in a 4-star hotel or even a 2-star hotel ! It felt and smelled like a Senior-Citizens Nursing home (no offense to anyone!). The room was old, with outdated furniture...bathroom was tiny with the smallest sink I've ever seen. The bathroom felt like it was &quot;wiped-down&quot; clean vs spotless. The bedspread had all kinds of hairs on it. Gross !! I had to open the window to rid the room of smells I cannot describe, and it was 28 degrees outside !! Service was non-existent, with no friendliness by any of staff. Serious refurbishing needed !!! Book this hotel at your own peril !!	
Jan 19 2007	Excellent value	My wife, daughter and I stayed here on December 26th. We had a corner suite for $159 on the 12th floor. The room itself was wonderful, nice and big, with plenty of room. The only knock on the room would be the bathroom which was tiny but functional. The concierge was extremely helpful getting us a reservation for dinner and the front desk staff was courteous and prompt. All in all, this hotel is really a gem. It is extremely affordable, in a great location about 50 yards off Michigan Ave. The next morning we ate breakfast at The Drake, across the street as a treat. I have recommended this hotel to friends from Ireland. and Switzerland . My friend and his wife stayed there in June, 2006. They loved it. When they returned to Chicago in November, 2006 and stayed at the Fairmont, there were actually disappointed because for the extra money they simply had a longer commute to the shopping areas.  I would not hesitate to return to the hotel in the future.	
Jan 16 2007 	Ehhh.... stay elsewhere	A friend and I stayed here MLK weekend. We got the room for $85 on hotwire. We read the reviews on this site and knew the decor would be bad, but the staff good. First the negatives: BEWARE, if you would like to print out your boarding pass you will have to use the business center. This becomes a VERY expensive extra. $5 for 15 minutes of internet time and a $1 minimum printing charge. I believe that if a hotel claims to be a 4 star hotel, then this should be a little extra that the hotel could take care of. Also, they charge you for newspapers, and you don't get one if you are checking out that day.But I refuse to post without mentioning the positives. The location was fantastic. Take the Chicago exit off the red line, go straight two blocks and then up three. When you hit the Louis Vutton store go down half a block. The bellhop and front door staff were absolutely fantastic. The water pressure was great for a hotel. Yes, the decor was ugly and the rooms could be considered &quot;small&quot;. I'm not sure if I would stay here again, but the price for the location is something that you should take into consideration. . But I wouldn't not stay here because of the rooms.	
Jan 12 2007	The good and the not-so-good	The staff here was wonderfully helpful, courteous, and professional - in all ways. The room-service food while not inexpensive was excellent. My first room reeked of cigarettes but the concierge was extra-friendly about switching me (immediately) to a different room, which was very nice. The windows open!Negatives: the toilet leaked water onto the bathroom floor and no amount of &quot;fixing&quot; (and this hotel is v. friendly when you call and request anything) seemed to fix it. Good value and great location.	
Jan 10 2007 	have no fear	We had planned a trip to Chicago to see Michigan Avenue at Christmas time. We got a good deal on this hotel through priceline. I was very afraid to stay at this hotel after reading all the reviews. I was very glad to see that they were wrong. The staff was wonderful, got our bags out of the cab as soon as we pulled up. They were very helpful answering all of our questions during our stay. The hotel does have an older decor but they are trying to stay in the era of Al Capone, who used to come to the hotel to gamble. That thrilled my 10 year old since she had just learned about Al Capone in school. The location is great, just around the corner from Louis Vuitton. We were able to walk everywhere. If I did have any complaints about the hotel it would be the glass door on the shower, not really practical with a 10 year old. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 5 2007 	Lovely Hotel: Very Distinctive	Well, we got the Knickerbocker at a bargain price but i would have paid the full price it was that nice. It was really distictive with lovely features throughout unlike all those cookie-cutter hotels. Staff were lovely and helpful. The Martini bar has a lovely atmosphere and the Crystal Ballroom is outstanding! Expensive though...$12 for a Martini!! The restaraunt in the hotel looked nice but was shockingly expensive for rather standard food. It's right on the corner of Michigan Ave (Magnificent Mile) and only a stones throw away from Bloomingdales, Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Max Mara...endless! No Views to mention though, but what can you expect in an innercity hotel. Only problem we had was when we called the front desk to ask if there would be any charges for using a prepaid phone card to call the UK from the hotel room. They said No, but the sad truth was that there was. $1.25 everytime you call out, even when using a card. Little shock as we were checking out but other than that, it's a great hotel in a FAB location, close to everything you could want.I would pay the full price for this hotel but if you can get it cheaper, really makes you feel like you got a Great Bargain! =)	
Jan 3 2007 	Odd but Fine and Friendly	The Knickerbocker has received its share of negative reviews. Maybe the management has taken some of the suggestions. I came here with my husband and two children right before Christmas. We booked the hotel through Priceline, as we always do. Chicago has so many 4 star hotels and we like the excitement of getting the best deal and exploring the different types of rooms around the city. We have been to Chicago countless times and stayed at most of the hotels 3 stars and above. So, background info accepted, the Knickerbocker wasn't that bad. I'd describe the room decor as ornate, yet cheap and dated. Would NEVER consider this a 4 star establishment, but it was fine. The staff was warm and attentive. The location is SOOOO GOOD! And, it was a good deal through priceline. Beware of the lift doors, they shut very quickly! Eat at the FoodLife Restaurant(s) in the basement of the Watertower shopping complex (only two blocks away and open at 7:30 am)!! Very cool!	
Jan 3 2007 	A perfectly fine hotel	I stayed in this hotel for two nights before Christmas. Honestly, I don't understand the bad reviews - other than they may be people who are not used to staying in big city hotels. The Knickerbocker is in a fine location. The rooms are nicely maintained, they tend to be small, but only bores spend all their time in a hotel when in an exciting city like Chicago. Don't let the rubes scare you off. This is a great hotel.	
Jan 2 2007 	4 star location 	I bid $75 for a 4 star hotel in Chicago (along Magnificent Mile). I got the Knickerbocker. I had never heard of it. I checked reviews on tripadvisor.com &amp; was a little spooked. It sounded like it would be gross! But it was OK. The hotel is rated 4 Stars. But honestly, the only things &quot;4 Star&quot; about the hotel are the amazing location (close to shopping &amp; Navy Pier) and the amazing service (everyone from the front desk, maids to the concierge guy).... The actual room is barely 2 stars! It is TINY, kinda tacky in design (described as &quot;European&quot; but it's just tacky!) Wallpaper is peeling off in bathroom. No lock on bathroom door. Our toilet was leaking when we arrived, but I called the front desk they had a guy fix it in about an hour, so that was OK. It was a fun hotel. It was right around the corner from great shopping. My tips would be:SALES TAX is very high in Chicago (10%....or more if you're dining out!) I would suggest not doing a lot of shopping really. It's good to go to the stores &amp; find what you like, then buy it online! For example, they have a Gap store. You can go there, try on the clothes to know what you like, then get it online.DINING OUT: You gotta get some deep dish Chicago pizza at Giordanos. SO GOOD! Takes 30 minutes to bake, but worth it! Call ahead for reservations. PARKING is $28 (public) or $40 (valet) which is insane! I decided to not pay to park...so I left the car at home. We took the South Shore train from South Bend, IN for $10. You can catch a bus for $2 to the hotel (kids are free)TRANSPORTATION around city: ask the concierge for tips! He told us which bus to take to Navy Pier. It is clean, affordable way to get around.	
Jan 1 2007 	Nothing to be scared of it was great!	My husband and I recently stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker on December 26th. We booked the room in the summer through Hotwire for $73/night. Then we read the reviews on this site and were very regretful of our decision. But there was nothing to be afraid of as it was a great hotel in a fantastic location!The hotel is located right around the corner from the Hancock Building, Bloomingdales and the Magnificent Mile shopping area, a couple of blocks from Rush Street and from Lake Michigan. Having never been to Chicago we found it a bit tricky getting to the hotel as it's on a one way street. There is a parking garage just across the street from the hotel for $25/day. We parked the car and walked everywhere.Everyone at the hotel was very helpful and willing to hail us a cab, give us directions, suggest places to eat. Because we wanted to see as many sites as possible, we ordered room service for both dinner and breakfast. The food was good and delivered exactly when they said it would be delivered. On our next trip will hit some of the fabulous eating joints in Chicago.The room we had was nice and clean. It had a huge king bed that was very comfortable, but check your pillow before you go to bed. Some are very hard and some are very soft, and all filled with down/feathers. Yes, the walls are a bit thin as I was woken up in the middle of the night by people in the hall. Our room had TWO bathrooms, and they were also clean with no sign of mildew. My only complaint is that the shower stall only (no, tub) leaked at the bottom and there was a huge puddle when I got out. So if you are lucky enough to get two bathrooms, take a shower in the bathroom that has a tub/shower combo with shower curtain.Overall, when we go back to Chicago this summer we will be staying at the Knickerbocker - if we can get it for $73 a night again. For the price, it was an excellent hotel.	
Dec 13 2006 	It's just fine	I stay here every year for a conference. The customer service was great and I felt very safe. The thin walls and small bathroom didn't bother me because I knew it was an old hotel, but they really need to renovate the rooms. I couldn't see any detail on the molding because it had been painted over so many times. The bathroom grout looked dingy even though I'm sure housekeeping had scrubbed it as best they can. The location = fantastic.	
Dec 5 2006 	Not quite up to snuff	Stayed at this hotel over the Thanksgiving holiday. The location is &quot;magnificent&quot; on the north end of Michigan Ave, near the lake and gold coast area. The public areas of the hotel give off the impression of a grand, old hotel. The service is spotty. One front desk clerk was fabulous, the other was indifferent and borderline rude. The concierge was wonderful. The waiter in the restaurant was uninformed about the menu, and didn't offer to find out when asked (we had to request he ask what was in several different dishes). The room was small, but cozy. Both the room and bathroom were very clean and the bed was comfortable. Unfortunately, however, the rooms are extremely noisy. The walls are paper thin and you can hear conversations in the next room. In fact, maintenance was next door while my partner was in the bathroom clearing his throat and they had the nerve to ask him, through the walls, if he was alright in there! Pipes make noise and the windows have no insulation so they are drafty and you can clearly hear all street noise. All of this could be bearable if they actually provided some background noise to drown it out - but no such luck as you are unable to control the fan level in the room. I would not choose to stay at this hotel again due to the noise issues (I slept terribly), but would not be disappointed if I ended up here through one of the &quot;bidding&quot; websites.	
Dec 5 2006 	Never fear	Yes the room is small and the staff is still in diapers learning the hotelcraft but for the price you simply can't beat the location.	
Dec 2 2006 	Puzzled by all the bad reviews	We had a great stay at the Knickerbocker and had been a little wary after reading all the bad reviews. Our room was clean, the bed was fabulously comfy, the bathroom was stylishly tiled and immaculately clean. It was very quiet and we slept in until almost 9:00 one morning. Breakfast in the little lobby restaurant was OK (I had a spinach omelet, which was great; my husband had french toast, which was a little dry). With all the other options in the area, choose the restaurant only for convenience since the food was only average. Parking fees are exhorbitant @ $40.00 per day. Choose to self-park across the street if you won't be using your car (they charge in-and-out fees, the valet parking does not).	
Nov 23 2006	No great shakes in Chicago	We booked this hotel through hotwire, where we got a good price--$95 total, plus a crushing 40 for parking. The room was smallish and dingyish but OK. I was impressed (negatively) with the pushbutton-access minibar--a first in my experience. In sum, the location is great, but I wouldn't pay the listed rates.	
Oct 31 2006 	Pass on the Knickerbocker	Check-in was without issue and prompt. The room was small but clean.This property was VERY noisy, especially during the early morning hours (4am -on) as people woke up to shower. The water pipes were constantly &quot;singing&quot; loud enough to wake me up and keep me up the rest of the morning. Thin walls for sound.The bathroom was very small but nice. Wireless internet was terrible. There is a nice bar in the lobby, and the location is great, but for the money, I would look elsewhere.	
Oct 17 2006 	Don't stay at the Knickerbocker	The service was very good. Room small but not unbearable. Actually the maid did a good job. Room was clean. Close to everything. Would not stay there again. There was a horrible odor in the room the last day of our stay. Would stay elsewhere. Not a four star property.	
Oct 15 2006 	a nightmare trip	I realize that an old hotel will have its issues, but this was ridiculous. The rooms were tiny, and the air stale. The air had been turned off for the winter, and the only way to get fresh air was to open the window.....we were on the fourth floor and have a toddler. Not a safe Idea. The tile in the bathroom was dirty and there was black mold everywere. The corners of the room were dusty and the paint was peeling off of the wood work. The staff was rude and the bellman hung around untill we were forced to give a tip for incredibly substandered service. It took 30 minutes for them to get our car pulled around. I would Never stay here again. The hotel is listed as a 4 diamond, but the 2005 and 2006 awards were missing from the wall????? My husband and I travel quite a bit, and this hotel is not worth the money!	
Oct 5 2006	No a Friendly Knickerbocker	We booked thru hotwire which we have a high percentage of positive outcomes. I was very happy when we saw that we would be staying at The Knickerbocker-as I had stayed when I was younger. We reserved a King Non-Smoker. Upon arriving we were told that they did not have that and we only had the choice of a Smoking room. When argued they stated &quot;well you booked thru hotwire so you do not have priority&quot;. As we entered the room I noticed the bathroom door was off track and the bathroom light did not turn on. We called the front desk and they fixed the door but not the light. Later that eveing as I took a shower the seal around the shower was so poor water got all over the floor and towels. Also, I must add the room reaked of smoke. The next day when we checked the front desk clerk asked how our stay was and when we told him the problems, he told us the total and had not concern of our issues. We also checked in our bags for the day, and the bellmen came quickly and made very rude comments about us hurrying up so he could get on with his day. We realized a bit later that we forgot something in one of the bags and was told they would not get them back out. STAY AWAY-even if you get a good deal!!	
Oct 3 2006 	Nice Hotel	This hotel was in a great area - right off Michigan Ave. The people were very helpful and friendly. Although the room was relatively small, it was a normal size for a hotel room in a large city. Overall, the hotel was nice, room was clean and all the services were great. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Sep 25 2006 	Good average hotel	We were offered this hotel when booking our flights with Travelbag. The cost for three nights over and above buying flights only was only 60 - how could we go wrong. However, then we read the reviews here and elsewhere and started to worry .... We needn't have. Yes, rooms are not large - but not tiny and hey, you are only staying a few nights, not buying the place. Bathroom very tiny but clean and with all facilities. Air con worked well - good as it was cloudy but very warm and humid. Room was clean and no funny smells. We are quite sensitive to tobacco smoke but didn't notice any in the reception hall at any time. All staff pleasant and helpful. Didn't eat at the hotel as it was a bit pricey compared to other places. Our only gripe with the hotel - and it is a teeny one, was the gift shop (I think independently run) where there were no prices displayed. My husband selected three postcards and they wanted $3 - when they were around 35cents each elsewhere this was over the top.Recommendations in Chicago? L'appetito at the bottom of the Hancock Tower for breakfast and also good lunches. The Bean in Millennium Park for an interesting sculpture. Hancock Tower bar has good bar menu and great to watch the sun go down and all the lights come on - must be as good a view as the top floor and you don't pay admission! Use the Ladies loo on this floor (girl's only of course) and see the most amazing view from a loo ever. Potbellies near the Sear's Tower is good for lunch (closed Saturdays). Free trolley bus rides around the city are good - but make sure you get on the free ones as some charge. Navy Pier great and the lake beautiful. Airport shuttle not as good as other cities - pricier than a taxi for more than one. Taxi was around $35 each way.	
Sep 24 2006 	yuck	Booked this hotel last minute through Priceline... all I can say is YUCK. This hotel is NOT worthy of a four star rating. The rooms are old and cramped. The bathrooms are DATED and dirty - the shower door almost fell in on me as I tried to close it. The vent in the ceiling dripped dirty water all night and we woke up to a soggy carpet. The housekeeping staff told us the hotel was updating again this year (not sure when the last time they updated, but is doesn't look like much has been done lately). The updates will include flat screen TV's in all the rooms - the least of their problems is replacing televisions! Understood that this was a historic hotel, but please, drop the rating to a 2 star until major renovations are complete. Rude staff, smoky rooms, not even a coffee pot... The only thing this hotel had going for it was the location. Parking was advertised as $25 but we were charged $38. The Omni, Intercontinental, Sheraton, Hilton - all much niced for the same amount of $$ and they have a pool, too. Save your $$ and go elsewhere. YUCK.	
Sep 12 2006	Small Rooms but Big-City Glamor Nonetheless	I arrived at the hotel straight from a 19-hour train ride from new York, so I was eager to check in, put my bags away, and get on with my Chicago vacation. Even though I arrived two hours before checkin, but the front desk was very good about letting us store our bags and then did what they could to allow us in the room early. Happily, it only took a half hour and we defiantly appreciated that.Heading up to the room I was afraid of the size and &lt;i&gt;smell&lt;/i&gt; as I had read several reviews commenting that the rooms were tiny &amp; smelled of smoke. Both were essentially true (especially the tiny part), but I really cant complian. I had booked the hotel hoping to be in a nice part of town and in an old, glamorous hotel, and for the price, I think the Millineum delivered.Quick hint: be sure to check out the ballroom. My wife loved the floor.	
Aug 31 2006 	Just right for our needs...	We really enjoyed our brief stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker! From the front desk personnel and bellmen to the housekeeping staff and bartender, everyone we met was helpful and welcoming. Our 11th-floor room was clean and beautiful, and the view looking north to the Drake Hotel and apartments across the street was nice. The in-room coffee service was appreciated, too. There isn't a lot of room in the bathroom for your toiletries, but I'd still take a room in a beautiful older hotel with character over a spacious-but-cookie-cutter room any day!	
Aug 30 2006 	Great Location!	I must admit, before arriving to this hotel I was worried about some of the reviews. However, much too my delight, the hotel was perfect for us. My husband and I loved the location. We were within mintues of walking to our favorite restaurants and bars. And of course, shopping!  I really can not complain about our room, since we paid ONLY $79 (plus taxes) a night. Thank you Priceline. I will also add, that I did check the bed for beds, and of course, there were none. Ha! The carpet, and cellings were quite in need of repair, but the hotel is old, so it just made the feeling a bit more historic. The staff was friendly and the bartender made an awesome dirty martini for me:) I would stay here again if the price was right.	
Aug 29 2006 	Nice staff great location Not worthy of 4 star rating	I had read many negative reviews and was braced for the worst. Luckily I came away from my stay feeling that if I had the opportunity and at a good price I would definitely stay again. The location is great. Around the corner from Louis Vuitton and is right off Michigan Avenue. The hotel building has a charming Martini bar with a very nice bartender who was eager to help with the area. The check in staff was very professional and cheerful. Hal checked us in immediately without making us wait at all. Rooms are a bit on the shabby side. Bathroom has only a tiny shower no tub and is so tiny. Room itself was very clean but needs some TLC. My bedspread had a couple of cigarette burn holes. Carpet, furniture, and other parts of the room had a very well worn look. Housekeeping friendly and room was very clean. If you can get a good price feel competent that you will be okay. Seems like a 3 star hotel and can't understand the 4 star rating. Liked the historic feel of the hotel. Bell staff was extremely helpful and friendly. No bugs like previously posted. Location, location, location. This place was fine and didn't complain to staff. The Ritz Carlton this place is not.	
Aug 28 2006 	Nice hotel... not sure about the 4-star rating though.	This is a &quot;historic&quot; hotel. It is in a great location and is somewhat charming. The room was in pretty good condition and had some neat accents. There were plenty of signs of the hotel's age though (tiny bathroom, slow draining bath tub, faded carpet, lots of repair signs). The staff was friendly and helpful, but the $39/night to valet park (no self parking) seemed pretty high. Would stay again for the right price (e.g. Priceline or Hotwire) based on location alone.	
Aug 24 2006 	Very Nice Hotel -- Awesome Location	Stayed at the MK with my wife and teenage son for 3 nights August 20 -23, 2006 and must say we experienced none of the problems mentioned in earlier negative reviews. We called ahead and requested a room with 2 beds which was ready even though we arrived at 1 pm. That was the start of some extremely courteous and efficient service we received from every member of the hotel staff. The room itself was a decent size -- we never felt crowded in it -- and was very clean and tastefully decorated. The beds were comfortable, climate controls worked well and water pressure in the shower was very good. The only negative was our bathroom was extremely small -- you felt cramped even with one person in it. Otherwise we thought the rest of the hotel was in very good condition considering its age. The lobby area was nice and the Martini Bar and adjoining lounge area were very pleasant places to relax and enjoy a drink. Plus the location is just great -- a short walk to the Oak Street Beach, Water Tower Place, Rush Street and dozens of bars, restaurants and shops. We paid $100 on Priceline and thought that was a great value. We have been to Chicago on several occasions but our stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker made this one an especially pleasant trip. We would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 23 2006 	Nothing bad to say	I was nervous about staying at the Knickerbocker after reading the many bad reviews on this site. However, after staying 4 nights in mid-August, I honestly don't have anything bad to say about the hotel. Yes, it's not in the best condition, but it's exceptionally clean. Yes, the bathroom is on the small side, but most bathrooms in Chicago run pretty small anyway. The plus about the bathrooms was that the showers were fairly spacious, and there was always plenty of hot water for showers. The staff was great, the location can't be beat, and I would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 18 2006	Wonderful Hotel and Staff	I love this hotel. It is one of the best that I have stayed in. The lobby was beautiful and the room was nice and comfortable. The made services was terrific. No matter what time we left the room it was made up when we came back. I asked the maid for a couple of extras and she was very nice and friendly. That is what I liked about the hotel the staff was so nice and friendly. I was there with my daughter for a girl's weekend from Thursday - Sunday. Everyone from the doorman to the concierge to the people at the desk etc. was wonderful. I can't say enough good about this hotel. Yes the bathroom was small, but I wasn't moving into the room. I was just staying there a few days and was hardly in the room anyway. I will definitely stay there again	
Aug 17 2006	"Average" hotel stay	My daughter and I stayed at the MK on Aug. 11-13. We arrived before 3pm and our room was available immediately. The decor and condition of the rooms is dated with lots and wear and tear but no obvious dirt, odor, and I'm happy to say, no bedbugs!. I had booked this hotel in April and as I rely heavily on Tripadvisor information to make many travel choices was worried because the latest reviews for this hotel have been bad, very bad. I went so far as to book another hotel and cancelled it at the last minute b/c the location of the MK appeared to be great. So, I hoped for the best and did make a good choice in terms of location. I liked the size of the hotel...........it has a cozy feel and nice bar. The staff members were friendly and helpful. Now the big question I always ask myself when trying to evaluate a hotel.....would I stay there again? I wouldn't reply with a resounding, NO. This was my first trip to Chicago and I don't consider the stay a mistake. But I saw other hotels in prime locations that I would like to try.	
Aug 15 2006 	Good but not worthy of 4 stars	Second stay at the Knickerbocker. Happened to go on one of the busiest weekends of the summer. Tall Ships, Lolapolluza, Art Festival, Cubs and White Sox all going on. The room we stayed in was clean and nice. The only downfall is the fact that we had to sleep in a Murphy bed. No 4 star hotel should have a murphy bed. Beyond that, the staff was very helpfull and made the stay enjoyable.	
Aug 14 2006 	PLEASE Believe what you read!!!! and Don't let the bed bugs bite!!!	Spent the weekend at this Hotel (Aug 11-13). Positive- Location and EmployeesNegative- Believe what you've read in other reviews.I spend approx 150 nights in various hotels around the world traveling on business. From large metropolitan cities with numerous hotel choices to very small towns with only a couple of options. This is the first time I've actually reviewed a property. Without hesitation this is the worst hotel room I've ever stayed. Room was dirty and worn out. We could actually feel the springs from the mattress jabbing us in the back-impossible to sleep. The tops of my 11 month old's socks were actually black from crawling around on the carpet. When we arrived we noticed used soap and shampoo in the shower and various sections of a 3 day old newspaper were spread around the room. I expressed my concerns regarding the room however they were &quot;fully committed&quot; so there were no other rooms available. Don't be fooled, this is not a 4 star hotel. My next letter is going to AAA who supposedly rated this hotel 4 stars. One more thing, MAKE SURE YOU WEAR LONG PJ'S- THE BED BUGS ARE HORRIBLE!!!	
Aug 7 2006	Not as bad as the reviews	We reserved two nights at the Knickerbocker from Priceline at $147/night. After reading the reviews (after the fact) I was scared about our upcoming stay. I was expecting a run down hotel full of bugs. Even though we are not overly picky people, we found nothing terribly wrong with this hotel. It is in the middle of it all...great for people who want to spend lots of money while shopping (the stores for the most part were a little out of our range...we're more the Old Navy etc. type). The hotel had that antique charm to it, the headboard and mirror were distressed (not old...they meant it to be like that). The room and bathroom were a little small, but so was the Hotel Burnham that we stayed at our first night in Chicago. It is to be expected for downtown Chicago and at these prices. The staff was nice; however, when I called down to ask for spoons to be delivered to our room, no one ever showed up. The service at the Burnham was better, but it still wasn't horrible. With a very short walk, you can go to Oak Street Beach, our girls enjoyed that the most....playing in the cold water of Lake Michigan. Overall, if you like the location of the hotel, go for the Knickerbocker.	
Aug 7 2006 	Location and that's about it.	The location of this hotel is excellent. The hotel itself is not a 4 star like they say - in my opinion. The room decor is horrible (probably more European than I am used to) and the room is small and furnished like an old apartment. On the upside, if you want to stay in a great location, feel safe, and can put up with some aesthetic issues and can get a great deal then this will work. I prefer Westin or Marriott...something that you can count on.	
Aug 3 2006 	Cooler outside the hotel than inside!	Before booking this hotel, I did read the reviews, and I was concerned. I ended up booking it based on my sisters recommendation. BIG MISTAKE!! The temperature in Chicago was a balmy 99 degrees, and the temp in the room that they gave us was about 85 degrees. When we called to complain at 11:00 am, they told us to turn the temp down to 40degrees. We went back at 7:30pm. it was still humid, the beds were moist &amp; the room very stuffy. Called again, they sent somone to fix it, &amp; he recommended getting a new room, because the room will not cool down. They told us they were booked, yet, after the maintenance man called, they suddenly had a room available, go figure? So they move us to another room, guess what, it is 85 degrees. Again, they told us to turn it down to 40, needless to say, it never cooled down &amp; we should have just slept on the street. We travel a lot, and we stayed here one night, and it was awful!!. At check out, I had to re-tell our entire room issue, they actually ended up not charging us for the night, thank god they did not offer us anothers nights stay, because we would never go back. Also, the room decor is very old and stuffy. If your going to Chicago, don't stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker!!	
Jul 31 2006 	Overpriced and average	I had never stayed at the Milennium Knickerbocker until attending a conference this month. The conference hotel was overbooked, so the Milennium Knickerbocker became an expensive alternative.Was it worth it for the money? Not even on an expense account -- but it was convenient at the north end of Michigan Avenue (directly across from The Drake). Everything about the hotel seemed to fall under the simple category: overpriced and average.I had a corner room, which was slightly nicer than my co-worker's mid-hall room. The two windows in the corner room let in ample light (to better view the garish decorating scheme) but there was no real &quot;view&quot; from the room.The bathroom was small with a shower only (no tub), which was okay for me. The sink was the tiniest I have ever seen, making shaving an adventure. But it was clean enough.Aside from the TV, the perks stopped there. High-speed (in name perhaps) internet access was $10 per 24 hour period and the mini-fridge was stocked with exorbitantly priced snacks. You're better off picking up drinks at the Walgreen's on Michigan Ave. The ice machine on my floor was broken for the length of my stay.I didn't have enough interaction with the staff to offer any commentary, but check in and check out were painless enough.Given the price of Chicago's downtown hotels, the Milennium Knickerbocker will continue to charge what the market will bear. I think it says something, however, that they were one of the few hotels that had rooms when nearly all others were booked.Until it undergoes a much needed renovation, the hotel will remain... overpriced and average	
Jul 30 2006 	Small Rooms Great Location	I was at the Knickerbocker in July, 2006 for a Business Meeting. The Knickerbocker staff was very friendly, and helpful. I had a minor problem with my room and the front desk moved me very quickly. The rooms are small compared to other hotels I have stayed in. The bathroom was VERY small, only one person at a time could enter the bathroom. The location was great, in walking distance to shopping and dining. The Knickerbocker is in need of some renovations.	
Jul 18 2006 	Good Location Thats All!	We stayed at this hotel with our two teenage daughters duing a part business, part family fun trip in July. We were very impressed with the location, within walking distance to great restraunts and shopping, inlcuding Water Tower Place (a great mall!). We were quite disappointed with the room cleanlinees and size. The bedspreads were filthy and so thin. The room decor is in dire need of an upgreade. The bathroom had no fan and it really smelled badly of mold and mildew. The shower actually had mold in the corners! This was a very tight squeese for 4 people. Especially the bathroom. The beds and pillows were quite uncomfortable. Even the elevators were tiny and could barely fit 6 people! Thank goodness there were a few elevators. Luckily we booked this room on priceline and would have never paid full price. The only upside was the great location. Also beware- its cheaper to take a taxi to the airport than the airport shuttle! Millenium promotes the airport shuttle but take a cab!	
Jul 18 2006	Knickerbocker is a dump!	I am not sure what is the best hotel I have visited recently, but I am clear on the worst. The Knickerbocker is a dump! Whoever gave this 4 diamonds should be shot!	
Jul 11 2006	Bed Bugs...Beware	I unfortunately stayed for 3 nights at the Knickerbocker Hotel ...I should have checked out on day 1.The bathrooms were filthy dirty with tangled hairs on the floor behind the door and after a few nights of scratching and the feeling of skin crawling...I pulled the bed away from the bedhead and watched as little rice sized brown bugs scurried over the white sheets...bed bugs! Which I might add the hotel are saying are flying insects from the windows being left open from when the window cleaners were there (fortunately I took photos to the contrary) Finding the bed bugs...I looked at the mattress protector and pillows and found long hairs on both...I was disgusted at the hygeine and would never stay again at this establishment.	
Jul 11 2006	Slow outdated but convenient!!!	Elevators were slow as molasses. Literally took the stairs from the fourth floor b/c they were so slow. The room was small and furnished in an antique-y way. There were two windows, but one was blocked off. No view. The bathroom could use some updating - some of the tiling was a little crumbly and grimy. Hotel did have an old world Chicago feel and was inexpensive for its location ($149/night). It was right along Michigan Ave and 10 minutes to the lake, fancy boutiques, and a 5 min cab ride to the Historical Society or Art Institute. Bar closed too early and service was slow.	
Jul 10 2006	Keep Looking	We have recently returned from a 3 night stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel. From the very beginning we had problems with this Hotel. The check in process is the most unorganized process I have ever seen. We tried to check in at 3pm (as this is the check in time) only to be told that our room was not ready and they didn't know when it would be ready. We had to wait another 2 hours before we could get to our room. The front desk clerk just asked for a credit card and began charging the room without ever telling us how much it woud be. The room was an okay size for double beds however the room just felt dirty. The beds have these horrible curtains and mirrors over them that seem like they are going to fall on your head while you are asleep. The bathroom is an ok size but beware if you are looking for a tub or for a clean bathroom for that matter. There is only a shower and a drain in the middle of the floor. The water is suppsed to drain but the floor is not slanted enough so the water just sits there in a nice little puddle. The floors were never mopped our entire stay and had this black tint to them as if mold were growing. I suggest you bring shower shoes. Not only did the floors never get mopped but we had an empty roll of toilet paper for two days ( there was another roll, but you would think that the housekeeper would replace the empty roll). They also only change the sheets in the bed every 3 days or when ever you leave if less than 3 days. The only nice thing about this hotel is the location. You are almost right on Michigan Ave with all the shops, but if you can stay somewhere else I would suggest you do that. This hotel is not worth the money.	
Jul 10 2006	Historic small rooms friendly service	I know by reading this forum that this hotel would be a challenge. The location was excellent however. We were ungraded to a junior suite &quot;overlooking Walton Street&quot;. I don't think so. There was one small window with only a view of a roof...could not see the street. The room was extremely small with the bed set off in an alcove. It was decorated in an old world ornate fashion with an elaborate canopy and ornate lamps. The lving area was difficult for two people to navigate at the same tme. Had an oriental style hutch with modern coffe table. The barthroom had the smallest sink I have seen in my life. Almost impossible to shut the door if you were in the room. The glass shower doors did not operate properly. Grimy bathroom flloor and small towels.Martinis in the bar are strong....maybe if you have enough, you will think that &quot;size does not matter&quot;. Friendly bartender abd housekeeper.	
Jul 5 2006	Look elsewhere	VERY small rooms - ugly decor. The bathrooms are so small that you can barely shut the door! Room service was horrible. Look elsewhere! (I found this hotel via Hotwire[--] and it was rated a 4-star. Yeah, right.)	
Jun 16 2006	Good location/very small rooms with minor problems	Stayed one night. Very small rooms. Sliding bathroom door did not budge, we had to leave it open. Got stuck in smoking room but hey, we did reserve through Priceline. Great fun in the martini bar in the lobby/lounge (lobby is quite small as lobbys go). Tons of martinis and live music - guitar and piano player. Martinis are $12- $15 each but they are big glasses and the fill them up to the rim. The big, heavy windows block out almost all of the street noise. If you want to hear the city noise, you can open up the window, which we did not. The fan in the room did also help with hallway noise, which was minimal.The bed was very comfortable, as were the pillows. No hair dryer in the room, though. They probably had one at the front desk, but I didn't ask.I did wake up and realize that I left my toothbrush and toothpaste at home, so I went downstairs to a tiny, tiny store they have in the lobby and got a toothbrush and a travel size toothpaste and it was $9.77 for the both. Hello Chicago.One tip- if you're going to want to go see a show, don't waste your money on &quot;Blue Man Group&quot;. That had to be the dumbest thing we ever dropped $60 per person on. Unreal.Have fun in Chicago!	
Jun 11 2006	Beware of the Glitches	My wife and I just completed a weekend stay in what was advertised as a Superior room. We booked through AAA for $179 a night, and at that price we would not complain much about the hotel quality we encountered. On the plus side, the hotel is in an excellent location at the northern end of the MM, just across from the Drake. The staff is very courteous and helpful, the piano bar in the lobby-bar is a nice touch, the room was quiet, the bed firm, and the shower hot.On the downside, the room was very small, and even with just the two of of and two carry-ons we were stumbling over each other. The bathroom was even tinier--the smallest that I have ever encountered in a hotel. I measured the floor area of the bathroom (minus the tub area) and it was 4x5, barely large enough for one person when you take into account the space occupied by the sink and toilet. The hotel is a bit worn in that one of our outlets did not work, the room had no room-darkening shade on the window, and the hair dryer was barely powerful enough for my wife to dry her hair. The hotel was a good value for the money, but be aware of what you are getting or not getting for the price.	
Jun 9 2006	Loved The Knickerbocker	We stayed at the Knickerbocker the middle of May, 2006. We had never been to Chicago before and wasn't sure where to stay. We loved our stay. Everyone at the hotel was great. They gave us directions, maps, etc. Very easy to get around in Chicago. The hotel is very friendly located. We could walk everywhere we wanted to go. Rode the red line to a ball game, easy directions.  The hotel was very clean. Bathroom was small, nice size shower only, no tub, however I would prefer shower in a hotel. There were four of us and there was plenty of space in the room, although we were not in the room that much. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 4 2006	Great Place to Stay	After being on a months long tour through the USA the Knickerbocker was the last place I stayed.On Arrival the staff were helpful with out the need to be asked for assistance. The Check-in desk gave helpful advice about Chicago when they realised I was not from the USA. The Staff member that took my bags to my room took the time to show me how to use the minibar and check prices and also how to adjust the air con ect.The hotel room seemed a little small but I think that is due to the amount of furniture in the room. Room had a CD player that was a bonus. Bathroom was very clean and had a bath. The Bed was so comfortable that it was easy to fall alseep.The Knickerbocker was a great inviting hotel to stay at especially if you have never been to Chicago before	
Jun 1 2006	Awesome servce/Great location!	If you want a taste of Old Chicago this is the place for you. Although, they do not have the newest or hippest renovations, the old-time charm of this hotel was very welcoming. My husband and I planned a nice little weekend trip to go see the King Tut exhibit at The Field Museum, as well as taking advantage of all of the other wonderful events that Chicago has to offer, and the concierge was aware of every possible event that was going on in the citynot only that, but he would get reservations right then and there, if so we chose it!! I happened to get a great deal on this room, $72/night, in factand I wouldnt trade my experience for another hotel for anything =) Defiantly a must.	
May 6 2006 	Wonderful Service	Well, I admit I was a little nervous about staying here after reading some reviews on this site. I have to tell you, honestly, this is not the Hilton. I travel to Chicago 6-8 times a year for work and I've had the luxury of trying out many of Chicago's finest. First off, I checked in around 9pm. The doorman pretty much tripped over himself to open the door for me. As he was opening it, the bellman was right there welcoming me to the Knickerbocker and to take my luggage. He swept me over to the check-in desk and stayed neaby until I was finished. The woman at the check-in desk was so helpful and cheerful. It wouldn't surprise me if she owns the Hotel the way she was so willing to help and make my stay as enjoyable as possible. After a quick check-in and being taken to my room, the bellman went in first and turned on every light, showed me the mini-bar, TV, and made sure nothing was missing or what I didn't want. I stayed in room 316, smoking, king with a tub. I did request a tub at checkin and was told the hotel is looking to do away with all tubs in the next remodel. The front desk said if I find there isn't a tub in my room to call and they will put me in a room that had one. Decor of the room is a little dated, but comfortable. I personally like the canopy over the bed, but not the old mirror - maybe if it was newer or clear. Keep in mind this hotel was not built last year, but it's still charming. No problems with the bed. I have a really bad back, and most of the time I'm waking up in pain when staying in hotels, but not here. I have bad allergies to mold, but I'm not having problems here. I always bring a candle when I travel, I smoke, and the room did have a musty smoke odor. I can see a bit of the lake through the Drake. Didn't hear anyone next door, you will hear doors slamming from other guests, but again, you have that in most hotels. Bottom line, this may not be the most up to date hotel, but the service I got more than makes up for it. The people here really make this hotel what it is. Some of the reviews make it seem like this is a hotel you'd find in a third world country - it's not that bad. Could use some updating to the decor, but other than that, I don't remember ever getting such amazing service from the staff at any other hotel. There's a big difference between the staff doing their job for a paycheck, and those who really enjoy what they do and care about the guests.	
Apr 27 2006 	Good location! Nice Rooms!	I stayed at this place when I was taking the bar examination. Clean and comfortable room. It is a great location down by the Watertower and right across from the Drake. It has a pretty good value for being right in the middle of the summer time. The place was quiet at night. The room service was excellent. Overall it is a pretty good value for putting you right in the middle of Michigan Ave.	
Apr 21 2006	Great Location	Just returned from a five night stay at the Knickerbocker. Our room was clean and quiet -- though a bit small. The staff we encountered were all very friendly and accommodating. Best thing about this hotel is the location - right next door to the John Hancock building and just steps away from fantastic Magnificent Mile shopping. For breakfast and snacks, try L'Appetito (on the ground floor level of the John Hancock building). Great lattes and baked goods and breakfast panini sandwiches for $2.75!! While in Chicago, be sure to check out the &quot;bean&quot; sculpture in Millennium Park. The city skyline reflects back in the silver surface of the bean and it is really a beautiful sight. I just loved to see the smiles on the faces of the visitor's as they walked closer to the bean.	
Apr 20 2006	Awesome location! Great staff!	The Millenium Knickerbocker is a great hotel if you want to experience the character and charm of Chicago. No, the rooms aren't posh or luxe, but they are a bit above average. The staff from the front door to the hotel bar are friendly and fun! They aren't uptight or snobby, just kind and helpful (many of the people I spoke to had a great sense of humor). You can tell that the hotel is old, but that is what gives the place its charm; plus the lobby and bathrooms are very modern. I would highly recommend this hotel if you don't mind a small room or lack of &quot;extras&quot;. The atmosphere created by the staff and character of the hotel make up for the lack of luxury. You can't beat the location either!	
Apr 18 2006	Aging hotel in great location with nice staff!	This hotel is hard to rate and really merits a 2 1/2 instead of a 2. Excellent staff, excellent location, excellent bed. We paid just over $80 on Priceline and didn't feel ripped off. After all, it's a well-located hotel in a big city. Still, the wallpaper was stained and peeling, and the carpet had that old, slick feel. We had a nice view of the lake. I'd like to say that I wouldn't stay here again, but for the price we paid, I probably would. If this place were renovated, it would be ideal.	
Apr 6 2006 	Staff saves the day	Nice hotel. Not a 4 star. This hotel is very very old and is in need of a major update. The rooms are very small, but I knew that going in (I didn't think they would be as small as they were). The non-smoking room smelled like smoke and the carpet was old, the snack dispenser was inoperable and there was no view. No high speed internet was available and the parking fee was an overpriced $39.00 per night. The staff made this hotel. Very friendly front desk staff, the concierge recomended a perfect place for a great steak, and the bar staff were energenic and fun to talk with. This hotel is overpriced and needs some work, but the people saved the stay.	
Mar 25 2006 	Not bad but a few problems...	I just returned today from a stay at the Knickerbocker in Chicago. As everyone else has stated, the location is great. I got this hotel through Priceline at a pretty resonable rate, and was impressed when I first walked into the lobby. It was very nicely decorated, and not at all smokey like some reviewers have stated. However...since I arrived early, my room was not ready. So the bellhop checked my bags, and the girl behind the counter said she had &quot;pre-registered&quot; me. This meant I could go off to the convention I was in town for, and when I got back, there would be no paperwork to do. I could just get my keys and go with no problem. So, later that night I came back and the new girl behind the desk had no record of my pre-registration. Apparently, the first girl had not done what she'd said she had. As a result, there was absolutely no rooms available in the hotel. Someone from the back office came out and explained the situation. He was very nice and apologetic. They gave me cab fare for 2 days, and sent me over to the Whitehall. (which was FABULOUS by the way!) The hotel covered all our bills which was cool since the suite they put us in at the Whitehall was 3 times the price of our Priceline room. Anyway, the next day we came back. The manager was there. He apologized all over the place, did some major groveling, and gave us an upgraded room. After we were all checked in we received a phone call from the concierge making sure everything was ok and acceptable. They even sent up an apology note to us that night. The room itself was nicely decorated, but a bit worn. It wasn't horrible. The only gripe I had was that our toilet wouldn't flush! We asked to have it fixed, and were told it had been while we were out for the day, but it wasn't. Big inconvenience, and kind of gross. In general though it was a decent place, the staff was very accommodating and nice to us except for the front desk girl on the first day.	
Mar 20 2006	Excellent service but the room doesn't merit the price	My wife and I spent two nights at the Knickerbocker in Chicago; we were there to celebrate my birthday. We were there for a Friday &amp; Saturday night stay. First of all, call the hotel for directions, we used Google Maps and were hopelessly stuck on Lake Shore Dr. in rush hour traffic trying to decipher them until we called the hotel.The pros: the staff was excellent. The concierges were all helpful and informative. They made dinner reservations for us on Friday night, and provided good estimates for travel time and directions for walking destinations. The maids respected our &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; requests, and did a mostly good job of cleaning the room.The cons: our room was over $300, which would have been fine if we had received the room that was advertised. The room we booked advertised a lakefront-view, DVD player, refrigerator, &amp; garden tub. The room we received had no DVD player, a computerized mini-bar refrigerator we had no way to use, a standard size tub, and the view from our window showed us a small sliver of Lake Michigan. The decor was so-so (we had four lamps in the room, none of them matched), and our shower curtain had a lot of mold on it.Overall, I wasn't bothered enough by the bad to complain, but I wasn't at all impressed enough by the good to stay here again the next time we visit Chicago's Magnificent Mile.	
Mar 8 2006	Knickerbocker not that bad	My family and I stayed here just a few weeks ago. I had read all the bad reviews and basicly was dreading the hotel. When we first walked in the room I decided the reviews were right and this place wasn't that great; however, after a few hours my family and I all warmed up to the room. Good:-I found the room and the hotel to be very clean; besides the bathroom floor- which might have just needed polishing-The staff was very friendly and helpful-Location is greatBad:-The rooms are very small, maybe not for one or two people, but for four it is-The walls are thin and you can hear your neighbors a little bit-While the beds weren't uncommferable I woke up with a bad back everyday (i do get back aches easily)We were on the 5th floor and never noticed a smell. Overall I might consider staying there again if I could get it for a good price (around $100). It probably doesn't deserve the 4 stars though. But really it wasn't that bad, it did take time to get use to though. And one of the staff members did tell us that they are redoing 1/3 of the rooms right now.	
Mar 8 2006 	Grea Basic Hotel	I spent two nights at this hotel recently, and found it to be quite adequate. No, it isn't the Hyatt or the Westin, and it isn't priced like the Hyatt or Westin either. I paid $149/night for a Queen Executive, which meant I had a queen bed and a sitting area (Room 717 to be exact). The room was clean, the bed was comfortable, and it was quiet and dark (which translated into a restful night's sleep). Yes, the bathroom is quite small, but it was clean and dry -- no musty odors like people have described -- and it was stocked with nice amenities (bathrobe, bath gel, shampoo, loofah, etc). That said, it is an old hotel that hasn't received a full rehab recently. The fitness center was also adequate.But the location can't be beat. The hotel is at Walton and Michigan Ave. (roughly), across from the Drake, on the north end of the Magnificent Mile. 900 N. Michigan Ave and all of its shops is right there, the John Hancock bldg is almost right next door (There's a Cheesecake Factory at John Hancock), and Water Tower Place is also nearby -- a 5 min. walk. If you have friends in Wriglyville or Lincoln Park, it's a quick cab ride.For the price, you can't beat the Knickerbocker's location. I have stayed at some of the finest hotels around the world, and definitely would stay at the Knockerbocker again because of its value. If you're like me, and are in the room only to sleep and shower, then the K is awesome.Beware, though, of the valet parking. My case to my sunglasses ended up missing, and my car stereo had been adjusted. Though the car park company promised to reimburse me one night's parking fee ($39), remove everything before you let them park your car.	
Mar 2 2006	Great Location...old style hotel	I stayed here many years ago and had a HUGE room with 1 and 1/2 bathrooms. Thought we would take a chance and stay again, even though the reviews have been mixed. We stayed in a suite...very nice, but small. The bath was so tiny that it was hard for one person to move around! I loved the room decor and the bed was comfy. Housekeeping was lax....one day it was after 3 before our room was cleaned---although room was properly cleaned. I do not like that the lobby only has seating in the bar area...thank goodness it wasn't too smokey. I enjoyed my stay...can't beat the location. Great hotel if you do not plan to spend much time there!	
Mar 1 2006	One of our favorites	We come to Chicago almost every year for music, food, shopping and a stay in the big city. The Knickerbocker is one of our favorite places. Excellent location, great staff,nice furnishings. The room was on the small side (as was the elevator) but the accomodations were first rate!!!!!	
Feb 26 2006	Fabulous in almost every way!	I am pretty picky about my hotels and although the cliche about only needing to sleep in them is apt, I have always had high expectations of hotels and wanted the utmost in cleanliness and comfort. The Knickerbocker met my expectations, especially after having read the reviews here.I thought the entire hotel looked very nice. We used a lot of the space because we were attending a wedding there and every room and venue we used was just right. We didn't spend much time in the lobby, but it seemd nice and pretty and did not have an overwhelming smoky odor. And I'm from California, so I'm sensitive to that!The rooms were great. Not large, but bigger than others I've had in Chicago and nicely decorated. Not worn or frayed at all. The mini fridge even had a tiny cubby that I could have put a small snadwich or drink in, had I wanted. The bathroom was smallish, the shower being just a tad too narrow for perfect comfort, but other wedding guests said they had bathrooms as big as the entire room, so I guess ti depends. We may not have gotten lucky, but it still wasn't a problem at all. The staff was friendly and efficient, the concierge was eager to be helpful, and I think the banquet staff was wonderful. As a guest, I am sure the wedding party was very pleased with the event the Knickerbocker pulled together for them.I really would have given 4.5 stars if possible, because I have two small nitpicks. The terrycloth robes were not in our room, although the website, I believe, says each room has some. By the time I realized they weren't there, I was already out of the shower, so I didn't bother following up on it. Also, the bath products they provide aren't the greatest. The hair products, soap and lotion all smell like Drakkar Noir, so I was not happy to end up smelling like a man from the early 90s! So, that's pretty picky!This is a comfortable, friendly, clean hotel central to Chicago action and I would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 15 2006	Average hotel but great price.	We found a great value here. Almsost perfect location for exploring Chicago. The service was adequate, but could have been friendlier. Rooms and bathrooms are a little small, but very clean. The hotel seems a tad worn, but was easily worth the price we paid. We found this hotel on the Chicago tourism web site and paid an amazing $79 a night. Unbelievable price for a hotel on the Magnificent Mile. Unfortunatly, don't expect to get this price everytime.	
Feb 13 2006	Not thrilled	I found the service to be really lacking and ignorant at the Knicerbock.Our room was to be paid by another indiviudal and both staffers at the desk gave us a hard time about this. Waited FOREVER our luggage to be released by the bell staff and another 20 minutes for our valet to come back with the car. Talk about leaving a bad taste in our mouth.I agree that the decor is so old, I also found it to be dark and dreary. It certainly did not feel clean to me.	
Jan 7 2006	Great location older hotel	The hotel/building has been around since the 1920's. So yes, the rooms are a little on the small side. We stayed for one night, a Friday, Jan. 6. We booked through travelzoo, for a special of $89.00/night - total at checkout with taxes = $102.71.We checked in at 16:00, after shopping on Michigan Avenue. We had a king-size bed. The room was about 14ftx17ft. There is a small canopy hanging over the head of the bed and a mirror hanging on the wall. A small refridgerator filled with sodapop, beer(approx.$4.50), and candy(approx.$2.00) is available in the room for purchase (I think it is added to your hotel bill) - there is no room in it to store any food/drink items. There is a tv housed in the armoire. As stated in other reviews, the rooms are a little on the small side, but we were out most of the time after we checked in. The design/wallpaper on one wall/canopy does seem a little outdated to me. But hey, who cares. I can see where they remodeled/updated because some areas of the floor board do not meet with the carpet, there are some gaps. And the ceiling is finshed with that popcorn spray - popcorn ceiling. We had a king-size bed. There is no tub, only a shower. The room and bathroom/WC was clean at checkin. There is a hairdryer, clothes iron and ironing board. I really didn't notice the noise from our neighbor. We were on the 6th floor at the end on the hallway. There is a bar on the main floor/lobby which does get smoky at night, if there are several smokers having drinks. Otherwise, the lobby is smokefree during the day. I really didn't notice any musty/smoky smell in our room. We are from the area, so we didn't have to ask the concierge/staff where to eat, drink, shop.... The receptionists at the desk were friendly. Originally, he told us we had a room w/two twin beds and changed it to the one king-size bed at checkin (even though I book for a king through travelzoo).Overall impression, it's a nice, older hotel in a great location - on the north end of Michigan Ave/Magnificent Mile - just one block away. We didn't encounter any problems. We had a small room with a comfortable king-size bed. It's minutes from Oak Street - high-end boutique shopping. And a short 10 minute walk to some nightlife - the popular bars at Rush Street and Oak Street. Water Tower and the John Hancock Building are not very far. If you want a larger room and a hotel that's more modern, I suggest to look elsewhere. I will try to post some photos.	
Jan 4 2006	The Knickerbocker is not my cup of tea	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Knickerbocker over New years and checked out on the 2nd of January. We used Hotwire and got this hotel. From the outside the Knickerbocker looked great. I was worried when I read the reviews and well...they were pretty right on. We checked in about noon on the 31st but the room wasn't ready so we went down Michigan to do some shopping. Location is great, I do admit. We came back around 5:30pm and our room was ready. We were situated on the 5th floor at the end of the hall. We settled in and right away I noticed that the walls to the room are paper thin. I couldn't tell if my neighbour was opening his door or our door. When people talked in the room you can hear their exact conversation. The room was quite small and dark. I think we had a queen bed. The room was really musty smelling. I'm sensitive but my boyfriend is not and he suggested lighting my travel candle. I suggest bringing one. The furnishings and decor were really out of date. Their was a canopy over the top part of the bed and a mirror above your head. It was kind of spooky looking in my opinion. One of the pillow covers are covered in an old textile and I didn't trust it to be clean so I only used the one white pillow to sleep on. The bathroom had no bathtub, shower only.The tiles in the bathroom kind of looked old and dirty in my opinion. The bath products were no name so luckily we had our own to use. The clock radio has a CD players so that was a bonus as is the large TV in the room. We celebrated NYE downstairs in the bar. They were very kind enough to let us order pizza and eat it there. The only thing that bothered me was the cigar smoke. I know it's New Year's but it's gross. I used to be a smoker so I can complain. My clothes stank when I went back up to our room. When I went back to the room I smelled cigarette smoke. I don't know if it was from the hall or our neighbours but I know smoke when I smell it. The mini-bar/fridge is like a vending machine so if you are looking to store leftovers from dinner or something, you can't. I don't think that I'll stay here again if I had a choice. I suggest going to a website called ------- to get an idea of what hotel you might get from sites like Hotwire and Priceline.	
Dec 28 2005	Great hotel! Great location! Great price!	OK, we are back from the Knickerbocker and I would give it the best rating. I can't believe the bad reviews. I got a priceline deal, and I still got a fine room, clean, up-to-date furnishings (OK a little traditional for my taste) and smoke free. Someone said in another thread that some people write prank reviews. I think such people should get a life because people want to read the truth. Here it is from my point of view. Both rooms on 10th floor.Regarding the size of the rooms. We had two rooms. One was a 2 double bed room. It was about 20' x 15'. Each double bed had valences that were kind of mini-canopies. The furniture, bathroom tile, shower (no tub), wall paper and paint had been done in the last few years. A Chinese inspired cabinet held TV, coffeemaker, ice bucket, and mini-bar. Three separate levels (TV, ice/coffee, and minibar)The other room was called &quot;Queen executive&quot;. This one had queen bed with more of a canopy than valence, sofabed, two TVs and terry bathrobes. Also about the same size but different configerations. One TV faced the bed, other in the three level cabinet, the sofabed.Smoke in the lobby. There is a bar to the right of the entrance. It is an open arrangement so that I am sure the smoke comes from bar to entrance door. No smoke smell in no-smoking rooms.Cost of rooms $75 on priceline plus taxes. Very good value one block from N. Michigan Ave.Only complaint. Concierge said that the free trolley didn't go down Michigan Ave to Field Museum/Museum complex when in fact it does. Was this ignorance? or trying to throw more business to taxi? Either case, not good. He said at this time of year free trolley only goes to Navy Pier during winter....which is clearly incorrect.	
Nov 30 2005	Dirty without apology	I stayed at the Knickerbocker in Chicago for a long weekend to look at colleges with my daughter. Our spirits were dampened by our experience at the Knickerbocker.While I read other reviews regarding the initial smoke smell, it would better be described as stale and heavy. Above all else, it was the actual room that was the icing on the cake, we walked into a dark, dank, smelly, dreary and dirty room. I don't mind a small room but not dingy with threadbare.The web site coupled with the reviews propelled us to stay there. BIG MISTAKE!!	
Nov 25 2005	Good price	Stayed at the Knickerbocker on 11-20-05 and 11-21-05. I read the reviews about the small rooms. They are accurate. The room was tiny, but clean and comforatble. I stayed on 12th floor and noise was not a problem. I got a great price ( $76/ night)- Well worth the price.  I parked at self parking directly across the street for $21/day- but if you need your car, you should park valet.Location was fine, staff friendly and helpful. Great place for the price, although with 2 people in a room it may be to small- I had a king room.	
Nov 13 2005 	Charming Hotel	I stayed at the Hotel Knickerbocker for work. This is an older hotel so the rooms were a bit small. I found the staff extrememly helpful and friendly. They provided me with maps of the city and suggestions on various places to go for dinner, drinks, etc. Since this is an old hotel built in the 1920's the rooms are small but the hotel is extremely charming. The location is great. If you get some time, have a drink at the bar in the Drake hotel across the street. There is a great atmosphere.	
Nov 8 2005	Good Rates  Bad Service	As a former Chicagoan, I know rate ($130) for this awesome location is hard to beat. But, don't expect a trendy boutique hotel, it's an an older &quot;city&quot; hotel with small room and small bathrooms. Decor is tired (lots of character) however, mattresses seemed new. Bathtub didn't drain well and heat/air didn't work. When we called the front desk, they blamed it on the erratic weather -- saying it's hard to regulate inside temperature when weather changes so quickly. And, after waiting about 15 mins for a bellman to retrieve my luggage from storage when leaving for airport, I found him talking to co-workers in the lobby -- he had taken my claim ticket and forgotten about me. Lobby bar a good place for cocktails (and to catch sports on tv) and bar service very friendly.	
Nov 5 2005	Location! Location! Location!	Stayed at the Knickerbocker for 3 nights for a &quot;mom's shopping&quot; trip. Got the classic room (#704) from Priceline for $125/night. After reading all the previous reviews, I was more than worried about this hotel. I was preparing my friend for the worst and we both were pleasantly surprised.Location- Fabulous! North end of the Magnificient Mile and South End of the Gold Coast. 1 block from Michigan Avenue(and Bloomingdale's!!) and away from all the hustle and bustle of Michigan Avenue.Room- small, but very nicely done. AC worked just fine. Beds were very comfortable and the canopies over them were a nice touch. The bathroom is small. If there are more than 2 people in your party, try the next larger room or a newer hotel. This is an older, European designed hotel, which means small rooms and bathrooms. Let's face it--if you want to live in the hotel room all day, you might want to go somewhere else. But for us, it held plenty of shopping bags just fine! Our room had a view of Walton Street. We heard minimal street noises and nothing from our neighbors.Lobby- During the day, the smoke smell was undetectable; but later in the evening, you could smell the smoke. Just walk fast to the elevators!!!Check In/Check Out- A breeze!! Concierge- One was absolutely no help whatsoever!! We asked him his favorite restaurants in the area and his response was &quot;I like what my hotel guests like!&quot; The second one was more helpful.Doormen- In both arriving and departing, they barely acknowledged that we were there. We rolled our own suitcases in and out and opened our own doors.I gave the Knickerbocker 4 stars (I would have truly given it 3 1/2 stars if they would have let me) for the great location, clean rooms, nice beds and the decent price we paid for it. Compared to other European hotels that I stayed in, the Knickerbocker is quite quaint! If your are looking for modern decor and big rooms and bathrooms, I'd advise looking somewhere else.	
Nov 1 2005	Not Worth the Money	On 10/29/2005 I stayed for one night at the Knickerbocker .The lobby was rather unimpressive. You walk in and there is a decent sized bar on the right and to the left there was a small check in area that could fit about two to three receptionists and a set of elevators. There were no noteworthy decorations in the lobby. My wife and I had a standard room with a King size bed. The room was by far the smallest hotel room that I have ever stayed in. There was a bed, nightstand, TV cabinet, and a small desk. The decorations and the bedding were modern, but the carpet was old. I had went to turn on the air conditioning, because even though it was October it was in the 60's and warm in the room, and it did not work. I called the front desk and was told that they had switched over to heat. I have never been to a hotel where you could either get heat or AC, but not both.The bathroom was very small and dated. To get into the shower I had to walk into the bathroom and close the door because the open door blocked the entry to the shower. The vinyl on the floor was old and the fixture in the sink and bath were very dated. I can't comment on the service because I did not use it. When I checked out the TV checkout did not work and I had to go down and wait in line at the front desk.Overall for the price paid for this hotel it is not worth it. The only positive of the hotel is its location. I live in the North Chicago suburbs and have been to multiple downtown hotels and would never stay at the Knickerbocker again unless the price was dramatically reduced by 30+%. There are many nicer hotels that you can stay at for the same price.	
Oct 30 2005	Location... nothing else	Stayed at the Millennium 10-25-05. Report card is as follows: Lobby: B+ (Historic, small, old charm and there is no offensive, smokey smell as others have noted)Staff: B (Friendly but not super attentive)Check-in: A (room was ready early) Cost: D (too much for what you get)Rooms: C- (SMALL room, uncomfortable beds and pillows, decore just ok, mostly clean) Bathroom: D (so small it's hard to get ready in, toilet not bolted down, tile is not real clean)Privacy: F (can hear everything, don't plan on sleeping in, other guests can be heard as well as street noises, there is no &quot;white&quot; noise to drown out the other noises) Location: A (close to everything on the Mag Mile as well as Rush St. plus we did have a nice view of the lake) Note: Hotel charges $ for internet and printing of airline boarding pass cost was $8 to get 3 boarding passes. Overall: Choose another hotel. This is not a 4 star hotel. The only thing this hotel has to offer is the location but there are plenty of others that offer the same.	
Oct 10 2005	Disgusting overpriced and rude	Stayed at the Millenium Knickerbocker for a professional conference. Rates were exorbitant, but I at least expected a clean hotel with friendly staff.I was sorely disappointed. Room was disgusting and musty. The lobby stinks of cigarette smoke. I had to beg for extra towels. They don't change the sheets daily unless you request it. The bathroom was moldy and tiles were broken.The staff was unfriendly and unhelpful. I asked for restuarant recommendations. The first day they directed me to a chain, despite my requests for &quot;authentic chicago food.&quot; The second day they tried to send me back to the same place, and seemed annoyed when I responded that I'd already eaten there and wanted to go somewhere else.The conference rooms were constantly too hot or too cold. On the last day of my conference, they refused to allow late check out. My conference ended at 12:45, and check out was required by noon. I had to talk to the manager and give him my entire list of complaints before I was allowed late check out.Stay somewhere else.	
Oct 8 2005 	A great experience in a great but HUGE American city	Now HERE's some news. The Knickerbocker is an OLD hotel. It has some mildew, it doesn't smell new. BUT!!! If you like old hotels, the Knickerbocker is a gem. Be sure to check out the ballroom on the first floor. It is BEAUTIFUL!!! Let's face it. If there is no casino attached to a hotel anymore, they just cannot build them like the Knickerbocker. Look at the details....the Lobby ceiling, the beautiful mailbox... Bear in mind as you walk around the hotel that this place was a favorite of Capone and his cronies. It will put a special aura on your visit.Everyone I encountered was wonderful.. The cute guy at the desk from New Zealand who told me all the best places in New Zealand....the great bellman from Chicago who had such an exuberant attitude (and who kept calling me &quot;young lady&quot;... it was contagious, to Andre at Nix who was so enthusiastic about his work that he made me enjoy my lunch twice as much. The concierge genuinely tried to be helpful. I've stayed in a lot of hotels. Sometimes a concierge has &quot;airs&quot;. This young gentleman was just plain helpful. Much appreciated. This is a great staff. Not a snob among them. Just enthusiastic and pleasant.I ordered room service three times. Twice it was perfect. I even received hot and crispy french fries with a sandwich. That is good service. Fries just don't stay good unless they are eaten fresh. The lunch I ordered took over 45 minutes and I had to leave before it got there. I was disappointed because I had told the lady who took my order that I had to get to a meeting and wondered what she could suggest that would arrive in 20 minutes. I also ordered a chicken pasta dish that was excellent. There is also a CheeseCake Factory virtually in the next block that had great carry out.The room itself was lovely. The lovely Chinese armoire with the mini bar was really pretty as were the linens and canopy on the bed. I was by myself and felt perfectly comfortable. If you are traveling as a couple, I might suggest a larger room. The bathroom is small as other travelers have noted. But it had plenty of outlets and was just fine. And it was clean.Really clean. Even around the baseboards of the bathroom.If you have allergies (and I do), you might have some trouble here, as I do in ALL old hotels. I just kept my migraine medicine handy and I was fine. If you are going to complain about mold in old buildings stay out of them. They all have it. Get a grip.I was within a block of Bloomingdales and the John Hancock Building.Lord and Taylor and Marshall Fields were within 5 blocks, Filene's was across the street from that. Nordstroms was a little further down Michigan avenue. Younger people may want to cross over Michigan and head to State Street...there is an Urban Outfitters that direction.As always, it was great to return to my hometown of Indianapolis. I prefer a mid-sized city for living, but for a trip to the &quot;big-city&quot;, Chicago is amazing.Thanks to the Knickerbocker staff for making me feel safe and welcome.	
Sep 23 2005	Splendid Stay at the Knickerbocker!	First, I have traveled extensively in the US and Europe, and I found the Knickerbocker staff to be the friendliest and most professional group of employees I have ever encountered. The concierge was extraordinarily helpful with all our requests. We found the hotel itself to be simply wonderful, our rooms clean and the bathrooms spotless. The North Michigan Avenue location was ideal--close to everything we wanted. All in all, we had a great time in Chicago, made truly splendid by our stay at the Knickerbocker.	
Sep 20 2005	About as bad as it gets	Cramped rooms, abysmal service, mold in the bathroom, bugs in the bed. Need I continue? After being placed in the wrong type of room and enduring a night of bugs, I requested to move to another room (I actually wanted to leave, but the other hotels in the area were all booked). The hotel grudgingly complied, placing me in a room with a cracked sink, moldy shower curtain, and a sagging bed. I asked them to change the shower curtain and instead of apologizing or even offering to replace it, the fron tdesk clerk simply told me he didn't think they had any more shower curtains. After I asked for the manager they ultimately replaced my smelly shower curtain.Every time I walked past the front desk, I heard someone complaining or asking to check out early. I guess if constantly faced with this type of guest dissatisfaction I might be a little grumpy too. But in the service industry this is nevertheless unacceptable. The conceirge was very helpful and the location was great. Otherwise this hotel is to be avoided at all cost.	
Sep 10 2005 	Great place if you like smoke	For a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel, the Knickerbocker was a real disappointment. Everything seemed worn -- carpeting, wood moulding, elevators, etc. Staff seems to know that guests are often dissatisfied with the accommodations from their attitude.My biggest problem was with the stale smoke smell in the lobby, which is open to the hotel bar (the bar seems to be part of the lobby itself). This is a smoker's paradise. Even the foul smell of cigar smoke is allowed.If you are a smoker, this is your place (provided you don't mind substandard accommodations for the price). For everyone else, find somewhere else to stay.Location is great. But there are other hotels right near by.	
Sep 3 2005	Great Location OK Hotel	I just returned from a 3 day stay at the Knickerbocker with another friend. We thought the location of the hotel was fabulous. Walking distance to everything. The only thing that was a little far away was the EL to the Cubs game. But the location could not be beat!The staff was OK, not overly helpful or friendly for a 4 star hotel. But not rude either. Although I did find the ladies that worked at the little convienence store dowstairs a little rude. They were chatting on the phone the entire time I was there, and I could tell it was a personal call. They didn't even get off the phone while I paid. The concierge desk was also mediocre service, willing to answer questions, but not going beyond the call of duty. This is all fine, if I was told upfront this was a 3 star hotel, but they continue to advertise the Knickerbocker as a 4 star. When I see 4 stars, I expect 4 stars ... and that they did not live up to.The rooms were very small, we requested 2 queen sized beds, but they only have 2 full size beds. So we took it! Furniture was outdated. One of the phones in our room did not work. The bathroom was tiny, with no vents (bring matches or air freshner) If someone is in the bathroom the person in the bedroom can hear everything, even with the TV on. That would have been a little embarrassing if this was a romantic retreat. Then when the toilet flushes ... oh my god stand back... it's the loudest flush I have heard in my life!I would not stay here again, just because there are so many choices of hotels in the same area.	
Aug 27 2005 	A 2-star hotel in a 5-star neighborhood	I have just returned from a 4-night stay at the Knickerbocker and have very mixed feelings about the place. I guess I should look at it as a case of getting what you pay for. For starters, the hotel accepted my Priceline bid of $95/night. With taxes and fees the cost came to $112/night, which was a great bargain for that neighborhood. It is undoubtedly among the most upscale downtown districts between New York and Los Angeles. The Ritz-Carlton is 2 blocks away; the Drake is diagonally across the street. Rooms at the Drake start at $359/night. I found the Knickerbocker staff to be astonishingly unhelpful, for an (allegedly) 4-star establishment. The doormen seemed to set the tone. I arrived by cab with several pieces of luggage. No one came forward to assist me even though at least one fellow appeared completely unoccupied. A couple of nights later I again arrived by cab. Two uniformed doormen, whose names were Atiku and Bonus, stood and chatted with a friend while I exited the cab. Neither man paid me the slightest attention. In most other 4-star hotels, the staff goes out of their way to greet you cheerfully. I noticed that in the Knickerbocker they generally avoid eye contact. I also thought it interesting that at checkout the desk clerk did not ask me how I had enjoyed my stay. At checkout I noticed there were several plaques on the wall, attesting AAA had awarded the Knickerbocker Four Diamonds for several years up to 2004. However, there was no 2005 award. A check at the AAA web site confirms they did not make that grade for 2005.My room was small and mostly adequate. I had requested a king bed room on a non-smoking floor, and got what I wanted. However, I thought the mattress was a definite step down from other 4-star hotels, and I was not impressed with the quality of the linens and blankets. The room had a VERY noticeable mildew smell. I suspect the mildew was growing in the air conditioning ducts. I could mitigate the smell by turning up the fan or opening the window. Sadly, both options made the room drafty and noisy. The bathroom was small and everything worked. But it appeared to me the plumbing fixtures were the cheapest available. The bathtub fixtures were identical to the variety I see in Wal-Mart. The toilet was not affixed properly to the floor and wobbled every time I sat on it. There was a vent high up on the bathroom wall. It communicated directly with the bathroom in the adjacent room. This meant I was treated to every bathroom sound my neighbors made. The second day I was there, the Internet service crashed hotel-wide and stayed down for most of the day. I had no way of knowing this as I sat in my room and struggled to connect for more than an hour. I called the service's 800 number twice, trying to figure out what was going on. I ended up going to the hotel's tiny business center and paid $15 for 45 minutes of online time. At checkout, I saw the Knickerbocker had charged me $10 for Internet that day plus $2.50 for the calls to the 800 number. I looked at the menu at Nix, the in-house restaurant, and it did not tempt me at all. I never saw more than a handful of people in there. Fortunately, there were many excellent places nearby. Basically I would rate this place as a 2-star establishment that has somehow conned its way into the 4-star club. Considering its stellar location, the price of $112 per night was a great value. Had I paid more, though, I would have felt really ripped off.	
Aug 22 2005	A great bargain	We stayed at the Millenium Knickerbocker for 3 nights this past weekend and were pleasantly surprised. After reading some of the reviews which were posted, we were a bit uncomfortable with our choice. However, we truly had a wonderful experience there. Through Priceline, we paid $110/night and originally asked for a king size room. We were a bit disappointed to find that we were given queen size accomodations in a very small room. We called the desk and were told that the only king size was in a smoking room (which we absolutely did not want). So we spent the first night in the smaller room, which was not too terrible. We were told to call the next day at 10 am to change rooms. At exactly 10 am the next morning, we received a call and were told that our king size room on the same floor was available. This room was extremely comfortable. Nice comfortable bed, great shower, and hard foam pillows which I had requested were brought right up. Staff was extremely pleasant, concierge was very helpful, and the location 1 block from Michigan Ave was the best! By the way, I did NOT see ANY mold anywhere (which was mentioned in other reviews), in fact, the rooms seemed freshly painted. We would stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 21 2005	a touch of europe	My husband and I approached our stay at the Knickerbocker with some trepidation because of the diverse posted reviews. We needn't have worried. Though our room was small, the throw-back decor was a charming mixture of cultures and time periods - truly a pleasant change from the sterility of many modern hotels. We even had a between-building-view of Lake Michigan which was a complete surprise. The staff was pleasant, helpful and friendly. We particularly loved the white/black/red restaurant, whose waiters were as upbeat as the design. We'd go back in a heartbeat!	
Aug 14 2005	Too many problems with the Knick	My husband and I stayed over a long July 4th weekend. We'd been to one other boutique hotel, the Fitzpatrick, and loved it, so were looking forward to our stay at the Knick. The location can't be beat. Many of the service people were helpful but were obviously looking for money, which we gave them. I'm not naive - I know the staff need to be tipped but this was somewhat aggressive. The lobby was very chic, and the room decor wasn't awful, but some lights didn't work and the fridge was mostly an in-room vending machine with about 6 inches of free space. Ours was occupied by an earlier tenant's duck pate. I didn't enjoy having to throw it away myself. The hotel advertises bathrobes and turn down service which you get only if you call and ask for them. The robes were so worn and torn I never could put mine on. The turn down service was obviously difficult for the staff person who arrived to do it. I left a couple of dollars tip and when she saw it she sneered and did the minimum. The room was moderately clean, the bathroom was super small and the towel rack kept falling off the wall. We won't be back.	
Jul 25 2005	Filthy Bathrooms/Moldy Ceiling	To begin with, the very first moment you walk into this hotel, you are greeted with a stale, smokey stench. Even a smoker would be turned off! We spent three nights here and will NEVER return to this has been of a so called luxury hotel. The first room we were given (804) was furnished shabbily, but the worst thing about this room was the ceiling black with mold and mildew in the entryway! Room # 2...... (1204) We were given this room after having to wait until after 3pm to change, we were sightseeing and came back just before dinner to change and leave again. Well this room was smaller (if that's possible) AND the bathroom was filthy with scum and mildew (photo's attached to support this). I called to complain, the manager called me back and offered the excuse that the hotel was going to have the carpet changed in the hallways.............blah, blah...... so what? Is that supposed to make our horrible room better?? The lady at the front desk offered us a free breakfast. And I agreed never to stay in this dump again! Do yourself a favor and sleep elsewhere, anywhere but here!	
Jul 21 2005	Great Hotel	What a wonderful hotel! Great ambience. Just steps off Michigan Avenue. A quick walk to the free trolley stop. The rooms are elegantly appointed and very clean. The Concierge was wonderful in making dinner reservations and suggesting tours. The best part was being a block from the Oak Street Beach in the middle of July. The perfect place to take a dip on a hot July day. Enjoy.	
Jul 19 2005	Worst decor I've Ever seen!	My friend and I had planned a vacation in Chicago for a chairty event from the 14-18th and our last night we decided to stay at this hotel. The pictures looked amazing and the price seemed resonable. We were really excited to get to our room and see what it looked like. So we get to our room and we could not believe how old fashioned it was. We'd stayed at 2 other hotels in the 3 days we'd been in the city and this hotel did not even come close. SERIOUSLY, the decor is SO OLD it's not even funny. Yes, we were aware that it was an old hotel, but this was just to much for our comfort. We had asked for a VIEW of something and all we got was the hotel across the street and some emergency exit stairs. The room smelled old and musty, not to mention it was just creapy being in there, the so called &quot;cannopy&quot; beds didn't even come out of their confines, the bathroom is by far the tiniest i've ever seen in my life. I've seen outhouses bigger then these! It's like a shower, toilet and sink all shoved into a closet. Hardly enough room to move. Neither one of us felt &quot;at home&quot; nor comfortable enough to sleep there. I called down to the front desk, explained the room was NOTHING like I had reserved and asked if we could SOMEHOW cancelle our reservations but I was told nothing could be done so we were forced to stay there. The lamp beside the beds didn't work, the room had and internet keyboard but was not 'eqipped&quot; to do so. The so called computer rooms are crazy! They charge you 5 bucks for the 1st hour and 20 bucks for so on. Most hotels INCLUDE that in your hotel stay. I know myself, nor my friend will ever stay here again. It's seriously like staying in a room in the 1950's so if your old enough to enjoy that, go for it but anyone who enjoys tasteful furniture and SOME COLOR, I don't advise this hotel.	
Jun 29 2005	Excellent staff and location!	I recently stayed at this hotel and had a fantastic experience. The concierge helped plan all of our activities for the weekend and was a plasure to deal with. My wife and I loved the Martini Bar and piano. Breakfast in the restaurant was also very good. We truly had an amazing time and hope to go back again soon!	
Jun 25 2005 	Join in with the rest of the world!	Who allows smoking in public areas anymore? This was the nastiest thing of the hotel. Such a beautiful lobby, but the experience was ruined by smoking that made the entire place wreak! What a way to ruin an otherwise great stay.	
Jun 21 2005	Good deal great location	We rolled the dice, and this was the hotel that was chosen for us on &quot;that website where you choose your own price.&quot; Overall, we were very pleased. The location on the northern end of the Magnificent Mile was perfect. We never used the car from the time we arrived until the time we left the city. The room was clean, the beds comfortable, and the staff courteous.	
May 31 2005	Perfect 4 Days at the Knickerbocker in Chicago	I had read some of the reviews about the hotel before I went to Chicago, and I was a little leery. To my utter surprise, and pleasure, I found the hotel to be absolutely beautiful and the personel extremely friendly and helpful. I was in a wheelchair, and someone was there to help me in and off the elevator, and in/out the door at my every whim.I attended a wedding reception in the Crystal Ballroom, and the beauty of the room took my breath away. The dinner was delicious, and served to perfection.The only thing that should be changed is the shower. Water stood in the floor after we showered, but housekeeping was very helpful, and brought extra towels to mop up the excess water.I would stay at the Knickerbocker again in a heartbeat. I have passed some brochures along to friends already.A very happy occupant.Su	
May 25 2005	Will Not Stay There Again Unless I had To	Up until I actually got there, it was a very stressful experience. The month before I was due to arrive, I booked the room over the phone to confirm my reservation. They never gave me a confirmation # and said that my reservation was set to go. However, instinctually, I check the week before leaving to make sure my reservation was intact. NO RESERVATION COULD BE FOUND. So, they could only give me a new reservation 2 of the 3 nights I had originally booked for and I had to find another room at another hotel for more money. They were NOT understanding or caring or sympathetic. The only nice person was our concierge, Leslie. And, the rooms and bathroom are extremely small. Not quite the experience I had anticipated.	
Apr 28 2005 	So-So hotel with above average location	This hotel has a great location just off the northern end of the Magnificent Mile. However, the property is very old and the room I got was TINY. I paid a premium because I was in town for a huge convention and rooms were tough to get. If you enjoy older, boutique-style hotels then you might like this place. Staff was friendly and helpful and everything was clean and in good condition, but it just felt a bit too old and cramped for my style. If you can get it at a good price it's worth it for the location. Otherwise, I'd pass on this one.	
Apr 20 2005	Clean and Quiet	Very old motel, just like The Drake across the street. Small rooms, but very clean and quiet. The Drake is a little more &quot;grand&quot; but the &quot;Knick&quot; is usually cheaper. Great location and friendly staff.	
Apr 19 2005 	I will never go back!	I am disapponted with this hotel. I will not spend my money with them again. After making reservations for a particular room and calling the day of the check in to cofirm the room, I didn't get what I made reservations for. The 2nd item of displeasure is, I reserved the room with my business credit card and paid for it with my personal debit card upon checking out. Of course the charges went through right away on my debit card but the card that was used to reserve the room are still there and I was treated uncaring at very best by the person in accounting.There has to be a number of hotels in Chicago that understand customer service.	
Apr 12 2005	Lacking In Many Areas	Upon scanning several possiblitlies to serve up the flavor of old Chicago, I found this hotel lacking in room size and especially bathroom size. The bathroom was incredibly small with no tub which becomes a real issue when travelling with a small child. The amenities were low grade, such as towels and toilet paper. Not exactly the top of the line. The minibar was outrageous, especially if you needed a bottled water at night. Overall the housekeeping was there quickly when requesting extra towels, but for the price per night, the instructions on how to conserve each towel seemed a bit &quot;on the cheap&quot;. On a positive note, Room Service was always on time and accompanied by friendly staff. I would not stay there again...would look for &quot;old Chicago&quot; somewhere else. We had a great view of The Drake!	
Apr 11 2005	great value	I booked through Hotwire so did not know the name of the hotel until after I had purchased it. I then read the reviews here and was a bit hesitant. The location cannot be beat. For those of you that are familiar with Chicago - this is the old Playboy Club. I loved the lobby bar with live piano music. The drinks were pricy ($9.00) but I figure I got my $$$ worth with the music and atmosphere. Upon checkin we were asked if we wanted 2 doubles or a king bed. The clerk was very accomodating. We took the doubles. THe room was spacious with elegant bedding and draperies. The bathroom was small but functional. When I looked at the fire escape plan on the back of the door - I noticed the rooms directly across the hall were smaller on the drawing. I then realized the room we were in was handicap accessible so that is probably why the size was generous (room 505). I would definitetly stay here again. I would however call the hotel directly before booking online. We found out there was a special that included free parking. The special was $10.00 less than we paid online and that did not include parking.	
Apr 9 2005 	Millenium Knickerbocker - wouldn't stay here again	I stayed here one night for a conference that was overbooked and bumped to another hotel because this hotel double booked. While the staff was very friendly and attentive, this was a major inconvenience. The lobby is beautiful but you're overcome by noise and smoke from the lobby bar as you enter the hotel. Yuck! The rooms look gorgeous on the website but this is very deceiving. The bathrooms are the tiniest I've ever been in...towels are horrid, no ventilation, wallpaper discolored and peeling off the walls and a tub that will only accomodate a midget. The walls are paper thin- you can just about hear everything in the other rooms. The location is good- one block from Michigan Ave. I was glad to leave and won't be back.	
Apr 4 2005	Yuck....	I stayed in this hotel on a Sunday night in April 2005. I booked online and requested the cleanest nicest room possible in the rate that I had chosen. Well....if that was the cleanest nicest room that they had they are in BIG trouble. The bathroom was small but sufficient, it stunk of mildew. There was no exhaust fan and all of the grout was filthy dirty. The decor was neat. Somewhat Europian Boutique. The problem was that they cute decor was thrown into a pit. This room was at the end of the hall with a window that smashed up against a brick wall. The crown molding was in very poor shape, years of poor maintenance had left it partly scraped and poorly repainted many times. The baseboards were even worse. The wiring in the room consisted of a few power strips tacked to the wall. At one point a tried to swing the bed side wall sconce over to light an area better and it almost fell off of the wall. The hotel was small and charming but very old and in need of some major renovations. I'm sure at $175 (with room, tax and parking) we would have been better off somewhere else. There were many more places to stay that I would have gladly paid the extra $20 or $30 for had I known better. P.S. the &quot;Martini Bar&quot;....what a joke. And there was absolutely no live Jazz either. Don't stay here unless you have no other choice.	
Apr 3 2005	Great time for $99 per night!	Stayed here with our two grandchildren from 3/23 to 3/31. Nothing but good things to say, except that we must agree with the comment that the walls are paper thin. Other than that, clean, friendly, lovely decor, our window overlooked an alleyway, but who cares? The location is ideal, the concierge was helpful every time we asked questions, the front desk was efficient, and the restaurant was a class act with good food. Can't comment on the martini bar, we don't drink, but it looked elegant and classy. Would definitely go back again--so what if the bathroom is small. You're in Chicago for heavens sake, so get out and see the city!!Pat from NYC	
Mar 22 2005	Millenium Knickerbocker	The Millenium Knickerbocker is a beautiful old hotel in a central location. The rooms are uniquely decorated and comfortable. The staff working in the hotel were very helpful and pleasant. The restaurant in the lobby had great breakfast food and excellent service. My only complaint is that part of the lobby is also a bar. The area is a smoking area and was offensively smokie. The smell extended throughout the lobby into the restaurant, to the elevators and into the public restroom area. Aside from the cigarette smoke in the lobby I would say the rest of the hotel was excellent. Making the lobby smoke free by keeping all public areas non-smoking is the way to go.	
Mar 17 2005	Knickerbocker's Interesting history	We enjoyed our stay at the Knickerbacker. The history of the hotel was interesting and the ball room with its lit dancefloor was amazing. We thoroughly enjoyed the dining room and the piano bar. The staff were very friendly and we felt welcomed by most. The room itself did not seem outstanding in its decor, though, and the bathroom was extremely small. We probably won't stay at this hotel again, as there are so many hotels in Chicago to experience, but would strongly recommend this hotel for those history buffs wanting to experience a piece of the golden years.	
Mar 12 2005	Internet purchasers be wary	Last time I was in Chicago, I stayed at the Knickerbocker Hotel and while that was admittedly a while ago, in planning my next trip, I remembered that I had intended to write a review of this hotel because I was so annoyed by what happened.I purchased a 4 night stay over the internet on one of the major, respected travel websites. When making the reservation and prepaying for the room I indicated two guests. On the internet site we were not offered the choice to have one bed or two. So, when my friend and I checked in we asked for two beds rather than one king. Turns out, there is an extra charge on-top of the prepaid reservation for two beds even though we had indicated and paid a rate for two guests. So, nearly $15-20 extra per night for the sleeping arrangement that we wanted. Okay. Maybe not the hotel's fault entirely but when I expressed my disatisfaction about the situation the desk clerk sneered that they can't be responsible for booking errors from &quot;discounted&quot; internet purchases. Errors? There was no bed option. How dare I search out a bargain! Well, like it or not, they are responsible when their customer isn't happy. We paid for the two beds, which were crammed into a small room with a very small bathroom. Which, but for the small size, was comfortable and clean. The rest of the stay was fine. Adequate. But even without the extra fee for beds, not my first choice for charming, old-style Chicago hotels.	
Feb 28 2005	Very disappointing	Just returned from a one night stay at the Knickerbocker, and I will not return. It came nowhere near being worth the price I paid. Hotel Burnham is twice the hotel at half the price! The bathroom was unbelieveably small and smelled terribly. We had to call the front desk twice before towels that we requested were delivered (which frankly may as well have been paper towels, nothing plush about them at all). We didn't have enough pillows and when we requested an extra it was never delivered. Room service cart was left outside our door all night. All in all, it was a very disappointing stay. The only redeeming quality of this hotel seems to be its location. And for me, it's just not worth it.	
Feb 2 2005	super knicker	We booked a three day break in late january based on the reviews I read on trip advisor.I really must mention the bellboy,Tom is his name and I have not met a more friendlier member of hotel staff in my life.Nothing was too difficult for him and he seemed to enjoy the fact that we were having a great time.The hotel is very good,and the cocktail bar great craic.We travelled from Ireland for our short break and we found a jewel in the knickerbocker.I cannot recomend it highly enough.	
Jan 23 2005	Beautiful and unique hotel off Michigan Ave!	The Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel was one of the most beautiful and elegant hotels my husband and I have been to in ages. Even though we live in Chicago, it was a beautiful getaway from our everyday lives. The room we stayed in was IMMACULATE. Everything was absolutely perfect and clean (I could literally see my reflection in the counters in the bathroom). The staff was so friendly. They even had the chef agree to accommodate a very special meal for us through room service. The front desk staff was especially helpful with arranging massage accommodations for us at a spa next door and they even gave us a horse drawn carriage ride for free. The Crystal Ballroom in the hotel is beyond exquisite. To anyone who is looking for a wedding reception location downtown -- this place is a MUST SEE!!!Overall, this place gets an A+ across the board. They really do know how to treat their guests and go above and beyond the call of duty. So if you're looking for a beautiful hotel with a fantastic location, check out this european boutique hotel for a vacation you won't forget!!!	
Jan 22 2005	Wouldn't recommend	We live in Chicago and stayed at this hotel for my birthday as a special treat. It wasn't very special from a quality point of view, although we still had a great time and made the most of it. First of all, the front desk staff seems uninterested, unprofessional and unhelpful. Second, the Martini Bar is located right in the main lobby and as a result you are greeted with a cloud of smoke as you enter and leave. Our room was definitely not what you would expect from a 4 diamond hotel and was what really earned the rating I gave. It was small, but that is actually pretty typical for hotels in this location (right off of Michigan Ave across from the Drake). We arrived in our room at 10:30 pm following a lovely dinner and found the toilet seat to have *something* on it. As we were exhausted from trekking through the snow, we wiped it off and made due. But it was extreely digusting. The bed linens were nothing special or comfortable. The cd player didn't work. The worst thing was, the walls here are paper thin. We could her every word from the room next door as well as the every- -30 --seconds ringing of a cell phone or blackberry from the room on the other side. We called down to the desk and the woman hung up on me after saying she would ring the room. That was helpful (sarcasm). Luckily they(people with constant ringing phone) came home around midnight or so and we were able to get some sleep. In the morning, my husband took a shower and the tub filled with water and did not drain AT ALL-so, no shower for me. Also, the towels were really really rough. That may sound nit-picky, but I've never had that experience at an upscale hotel before. The bathrooms are extremely small with no frills. Very comparable to a Holiday Inn or other cheaper chain bathroom.The restaurant was ok for breakfast, but the smoking section is right at the entrance, so even though we were seated in non-smoking, we had to walk through the smoking section upon entering and existing. It took the valet 40 minutes to bring our car after they quoted us 15. All in all, it is a great location, but that's about it in my opinion.	
Jan 6 2005	Best Hotel in the Area!!!	We absolutely loved the Knickerbocker. Now, if you expect your hotels to be cookie cutter comfortable, forget this place. If Holiday Inns are like the rows of housing developments in the suburbs, the Knickerbocker is like those beautiful old houses in the center of the city. The location is great, the hotel bar is cozy and classy, and the rooms feel like guest bedrooms in Victorian mansions. For the price, you simply can't do any better than this in downtown Chicago.	
Dec 28 2004	I will spend my money elsewhere	There are major problems at this hotel. Our room had a broken closet door, an unseated toilet, and a bad smell. When we walked into the room, we noticed a small &quot;sex toy&quot; haning from one of the bedside table lamp. This was obviously left from a previous user of this room. We also found that the room next door had problems with it's fire alarm. Every 10 minutes it beeped. When they finally &quot;reset&quot; it, it started again a few hours later. We were also charged $9.95 per DAY for internet usage. Most hotels offer this service free of charge. One ammenity I liked was the free newspaper every day, but despite asking, we never received one. We were very disappointed and will not return to the Knickerbocker. The people were kind and friendly, but it was not enough to make up for all that was not done.	
Dec 28 2004	Great Hotel	Just got back from three nights at the Knickerbocker. Went up to Chicago for some last minute Christmas shopping. Hotel is in a great location. North end of Michigan Ave. about half a block away. Staff was very nice and professional. Everyone we came in contact with was very helpful. Granted this is a older hotel and some of the rooms are no bigger than closets. We were booked into a standard room and when we arrived we upgraded to a deluxe room. Good size room, with nice furnishings and a comfortable bed. Bathroom was somewhat small. Housekeeping did a great job cleaning the room every day. Did not eat at the restaurant Nix, but saw several people getting orders delivered to the bar. Overheard comments saying the food was very good. Drink service at the Martini Bar can be slow. Martinis run $9 and up. Very good drinks and they don't shy away from the liquor. Valet parking was $35 a day with in/out priviliges. Overall a great stay. Would definately stay at this hotel in the future.	
Nov 29 2004	Loved the Knickerbocker!	Excellent location; friendly/helpful staff; room was small but clean and well-decorated--full of European ambiance!! The food was delicious and the lounge was a wonderful place to relax. Excellent value for rate paid. I was very pleasantly surprised since a few of the reviews on this site were so negative. I would certainly return to the Knickerbocker. It was a treat to be a little part of Chicago's history.	
Nov 24 2004	Great hotel if you get the right price	Booked through Hotwire and stayed two weekend nights for $98 per night + taxes. That's a deal for this location. Rooms were more than adequate with partial lake view; large and extremely comfortable bed; room and bathroom were clean. Good bar scene after midnight and the staff was very accomodating. Parking is $35 a night, about average for North Michigan Avenue. There is no parking gargage at the hotel so you must use the valet service which can be slow (15-20 min.) during peak times.	
Nov 22 2004	Fair review	Hotel had great location in Chicago. Staff helpful and friendly. Room was rather small and too hot. Lives on it's past history. Have been to better hotels when you compare the cost of staying there.	
Nov 11 2004	Yes it really is that bad...	I was scheduled to stay at this hotel for a full week and after 3 days I had no choice but to check out. As soon as I got to my room it was a mess and the toilet was plugged up. The service was rude (except for the room service delivery gentleman who was first class) and the rooms are sooo tiny. Nowhere to even put your suitcase down... The TV only has about 12 channels (when they work) and the internet service only works if you place half a dozen calls to the tech service people (get the direct #, the front desk obviousely can not be bothered to help you once they have your credit card #).Overall extremely dissapointed, thought this hotel might be charming but it is just a dump in an otherwise wonderful area.	
Oct 25 2004	Extremely disappointed	We were extremely disappointed with our stay at the Knickerbocker Hotel. We got our reservations through Priceline, but they did not come cheap. The room was as small as a closet, and the noise was unbearable. Very few channels on the TV and the &quot;vending machine&quot; in the room was tacky. You could not even get to it because the size of the room made it nearly impossible to open the door! The bell hop at check out was rude to us and to our limo driver. He was nowhere to be found, so we moved our luggage out ourselves and when he finally came back from break he cursed us! We did find the accomodations very clean and well appointed. The concierge service was kind and helpful.	
Sep 21 2004	Up to par ..... not to price	Recently stayed two nights and for what I paid. $169.00 first night and $229.00 for the same room second night I was not too impressed. THe conceirge and bellman, front desk staff were all very helpful. When paying this price I prefer a more modern hotel - while the old charm is charming ( my room had one queen bed and two full bathrooms??) - I would still prefer modern. I did not appreciate being charged for local calls and 800 numbers - no free internet access. They need to look at what the competition is doing - this would be one of the main reasons I would not return. In short I'd like more value at this hotel.	
Sep 20 2004	Need to honor reservations and provide better service.	Huge hotel that in a little corner of the front lobby, with only 2 employees, you check in. It takes forever to get checked in. Also, checking out it took over 30 min. to get the car from valet. This was my second time at the hotel. The first time was worse. I have reserved a room with 2 beds(there were 4 of us) directly with the hotel. When we got to the hotel they said they did not have any rooms with double beds available, people had overstayed the night before so they did not have any rooms available. They put us in a small room with a king bed and squeezed in 2 single beds. We were wall to wall beds! There are plenty of nice hotels near the mile for less price and better service.	
Sep 7 2004	awful and awfully expensive	On our first night they stuck us in the smoking floor with our 2 month old baby and our five year old son; yes, we had reservations for a non-smoking room. That was all they had, obiously because they had over-booked. When they did move us they gave us a room next to a big humming fan that must have run the air conditioning. To boot, the place wasn't all that clean or nice. It had a smell about it. This is not a four star hotel, but rather a tourist trap that aims for the one-time customer.	
Aug 20 2004	Excellent hotel	Having read previous reviews we were a little bit sceptical about chosing the Knickerbocker Hotel. It was though a very pleasant surprise. The staff was polite, dynamic and helpful. The rooms were extremelly clean and comfortable. Yes, rooms are small (though not too small for a big city) but decoration is original and beautiful. The piano in the lobby is a big plus. The first excellent point about this hotel is its charm. The second its perfect location.	
Aug 18 2004	LOVED my stay here!	I had also read poor reviews of this hotel, but could not have BEEN more pleased. I got the park and play package (just $129 a night for unlimited in-out and a large classic room with two bathrooms). One had a stand up shower and was larger, the other was smaller with a tub-shower combo. The room was nice and clean, and I had outstanding service from everyone there. The people in NiX (the restuaurant) were very kind and helpful even though we were just eating the free breakfast. You are a block from the John Hancock building and right behind a Louis Vuitton store. PLENTY of great shopping and bars within walking distance, and the CTA stops are relatively nearby as well. I would not HESITATE to stay here again next time I come to Chicago.	
Aug 18 2004	Ruff around the Edges! No way this is a 3 star!	It's Aug 17 and earlier this morning I gladly checked out of your establishment. I could not wait until I arrived home to e-mail my un-satisfactory experience at the hotel. Upon arrival I was so so greeted by the front desk ladies. It seemed through there facial expressions that I might have been bothering them.  I also made the mistake of booking through priceline.  I was giving the keys to my room and when I opened the door, my first impression was of a tiny little box. I'm a big guy and I need space. It had a dusty feel and I thought the ceiling tile was going to fall upon my head. Visually, it was not very nice. I figured I would let that slide because all I was doing there was sleeping. Yet, the more I looked at it the worse it got. I could go on and on about how I will never come back to the Nickerbocker.	
Aug 15 2004	The real deal on the Knickerbocker	For a 4 star hotel, this place is left much to be desired. Add an inattentive staff to the lackluster accomodations, and you've got the very medicocre Knickerbocker.Any hotel you stay at on Chicago's Magnificent Mile is in a &quot;good location,&quot; but this one is a short building tucked away on one of the back streets toward the end of the &quot;Mile&quot;, so views, accessibility, and scenery are not the best.No one on the staff took the extra mile here - service was bare bone. At the front desk, at the conceirge (an aging, befuddling old man, who - while cute - did not know much about the city), at the restaurant, at the front door - nothing was spectacular. The rooms feature lithographed copies of oil paintings in peeling frames, as well as a few other amenities which had seen better days. The TV selection featured only a dozen channels (even every budget hotel these days has a larger selection). The tiny rooms have paper thin walls, which make the plumbing, the conversations, and the movement of all your neighboring guests sound like they are in the room with you. All night. The bathroom had a stand up shower but no bathtub.At the Knickerbocker, the free internet is not free, the complimentary turn down service is not automatic, and the nostalgic charm this historic hotel COULD have, is muted under the management of the current owners. Among Chicago's grand lobbies and beautiful buildings, the Knickerbocker does not even compare.If you pricelined this hotel, oh well, you could do worse while in Chicago. If you are planning on paying full price for this hotel, stay somewhere else and be much happier.	
Aug 14 2004	Aug. 5th checked out Aug 8th Extremely Pleased!	I must admit I was skeptical after reading reviews on the internet. At that time the hotel was undergoing mass renovation and people were complaining about bad plumbing, noise, etc. One comment was, Do Not get a room by the elevator. Paper thin walls. We had a room by the elevator, not noisy at all! Yeah! The staff was very friendly and accommodating. The rooms (we rented 2) were sooooo pretty and comfy. Small bathrooms but very clean and well staffed every single day! The consair's went way beyond the call of duty to make our stay interesting. Even took us into the Crystal Room that had been booked for a wedding to show us it's magnificence. We were sooo impressed. Some of our best pictures of the Hotel are of this room. Showed our girls the secret passage way used by gangsters in days gone by. They loved that!	
Aug 9 2004 	Loved the hotel	This hotel was so elegant. It is in a wonderful location and the rooms were spacious. I had excellent service. I would stay here again. Yes, the bathrooms are small, but they served their purpose and who spends alot of time in the bathrooms anyway? We were within walking distance of so many places, including the Navy Pier and the Hancock Building. I had no complaints about this beautiful hotel.	
Aug 5 2004	great location nice hotel for the money	My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights in July 2004.We absolutely loved the location, next to all the high end stores and 2 blocks from the John Hancock building.I got a rate of$ 119 a night from 877chicago.com.Our room was small, but on a high floor. I am not a fan of eclectic oriental decor, however the bed was very comfortable, and the room service menu charged the same price as the restaurant menu (except for the service charge).	
Aug 4 2004	Not so good	The lobby of hotel ok.nice clean ok. Had room 2 double beds was nice size. Bathroom EXTREMELY SMALL also on the dingy side. Clean but just not want you want in a hotel. furnishings victiorian like. All &amp; all ok but we stay in Chicago alot &amp; wouldn't stay again, only stayed due to great rate for a wedding we attended. Many other nicer hotels along michighan ave to stay.	
Aug 4 2004	Terrible check-in policy	My wife and I had a reservation for 2 nights at the MK in August, 2004. Due to a change of plan, we decided to stay over at a friend's place the first night and move to the hotel the next day. Inspite of having our reservation from the previous day, the hotel staff made us wait till the check-in time of 2 pm when we arrived at the hotel the next day. Mind you, all this after having called them the previous night and informing them about the change of plan and them saying it was OK for us to chek-in in the morning.Since the reservation had been made through Priceline, couldn't get a refund for one day. Pluses --Pretty nice and cozy. But some of the fixtures are very old.	
Jul 21 2004	Not worthy of AAA four diamond	My wife and our 12 yr-old daughter stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker the first week-end of June 2004. It was our first time visiting Chicago as tourists. What a great city.......the downtown area in which we stayed was fantastic. We wish we could say the same for the MK. Shall we say the &quot;old girl&quot; needs some work and we're not just talking make-up here. Is there a plastic surgeon in the house?We stayed in a corner suite and it was very outdated. Multiple coats of paint covering baseboards that should have been replaced years ago. Less than spotless bathroom. A &quot;club floor&quot; room that had little other than a fridge filled wtih sodas and a PC that time forgot (internet connection....what's that?).The staff at check-in had forgotten to provide vouchers for breakfast which were included in the room rate for the week-end. When asked, it was if they were doing us a huge favor (...did I hear sorry?...maybe under their breath at a resounding 10 decibels).Pluses: Very nice lobby and a great location, just off Michigan Ave.Definitely not worthy of a 4 diamond rating by AAA. Rating the MK in this manner puts AAA's credibility at risk...(just how do the AAA staffer's get paid?).For my $250/ night, I'll take accomodation and breakfast requirements to one of the many other fine hotels in Chicago.	
Jun 24 2004 	Valet stole from my car!	I stayed from June 11-13. My $220 skateboard was stolen out of my car the first night I had it valet parked. No one from the hotel or parking garage has been helpful in any way. The room was tiny and overpriced, although I had booked it through priceline! $220 a night. Don't stay here!	
Jun 14 2004	Sweet location SOUR value	It's right off the mile, which is great....especially when you're a little tipsy and it's your first time in the Chi. However, when I pay close to 200 bucks, I don't appreciate seeing cracks in my ceiling. The room was not very big either. Overall, the only thing that this place really has going for it is the location, which is killer.	
Jun 10 2004	Knickerbocker made my Knees Knock with Frustration	Good location. Everything else was not positive. I was part of a large group and many people were extremely upset with the size of their rooms and bathrooms. Unusual room decor pleased some, was hated by others. Uncomfortable furniture. Food was not bad but expen$ive and serving times limited. Confirm your reservation prior to arrival to make sure they do indeed have a room for you for the correct date. Front desk staff was the worst part of a not-so-good stay. Requests to have things fixed were ignored until repeated numerous times and a scheduled wake-up call was not made.The good news, I suppose, is that almost all the problems cited COULD be turned around with attention from management. 	
Jun 3 2004	Don't book on priceline!	I stayed here for 5 nights last summer. I booked the reservation on priceline for $75/night which was the cheapest rate I could find anywhere during a convention week. Anyway, when I arrived at 11 pm from the airport, I was told that they had overbooked the hotel and had no room for me. They booked me at a dumpy 2 star motel by the airport. They gave me $20 for a taxi to get there, and it cost me $35. I was late for a meeting the next morning because of the extra travel and packing/unpacking. The Millennium offered no compensation whatsoever for their foul-up. No free drink, no room upgrade, nothing. Since I booked on the internet, I was chopped liver. Beware.	
May 27 2004	Prime Gold Coast Retreat	My wife &amp; I celebrated our anniversary at the Knickerbocker &amp; could not have been treated better. Before we were out of our cab, our bags had been loaded on a cart &amp; we were walked into the hotel by a doorman. The rooms were well appointed &amp; the entire hotel staff was very friendly. This is a prime location for shopping, sightseeing or nightlife. 	
May 21 2004	Perfect Chicago Location	I just stayed two nights at this property. My room was clean, check-in and check-out was fast, the staff was helpful and friendly. The hotel is in a great location, across from the Drake, a half block off Michigan Ave. It appeared the hotel had been renovated and it was complete. My only complaints.....the bath is small and only the a/c OR the heat can be on in the hotel at the sametime. Ask which is being used before you arrive if the seasons are changing!	
Apr 30 2004	Great Location	Stayed in the Millenium Knickerbocker in April 04 for seven nights. Staff were really friendly on check in and the concierge was always able to answer our questions.The room itself was small but the kingsized bed was very comfortable. Nicely decorated but very dark due to surrounding buildings. You would need the light on during the day. Bathroom very small but adequate.Only complaint is that the walls are paper thin so you can hear everything! I would ask for a room away from the elevators when booking as Im sure these would be very noisey at all times.Restaurant was lovely. Only ever had the buffet breakfast but there was plenty of choice and the staff are very attentive. Location is excellent , at the top of the magnificent mile. Always plenty of taxis at the door and youre in the main shopping area which is always good. Surrounding area felt very safe.	
Apr 12 2004	Great Location More Renovations Needed	My wife and I stayed at the Knickerbocker April 7-10, 2004. The location is excellent, a quick walk to the Lake Michigan walking paths and terrific shopping on Michigan Avenue and restaurants on Rush Street. This hotel is very old and after visiting their website, we were under the impression that extensive renovations were complete. We were ready for the small room but not ready for the toilet that required multiple flushes, the sink that would not drain and the shower head that needed to be replaced. The staff was very responsive to all of our complaints but the maintenance man that told us not to use more than 12 sheets of toilet paper or the toilet would clog took the prize. We will not return here.	
Apr 9 2004	Great Location	You can't beat the location! It was perfect; right off the Magnificant Mile, Michigan Avenue. The hotel was nice and and the staff friendly. We had a king room, which was somewhat small, but didn't matter too much. I would have preferred a bit bigger bathroom, but we managed just fine. Remember, it's an older hotel and they did'nt make the rooms very big at that time. I found a price online at around $99, however, when I called the hotel I got it for $79 a night. Wow, what a deal! Taxi's were abundant outside the hotel. Not once, did we ever have to wait for a taxi....what convenience this was. We ate the buffet breakfast in the Nix restaurant one morning and it was very good. On our last day, we checked out at Noon, however, we were'nt leaving until late in the day, and they kept our luggage for us until we were ready to pick it up in the late afternoon. We appreciated this. I would recommend this hotel as it's location is really good and the price wasn't bad either!	
Mar 22 2004	Definitely not a 4-star hotel	We booked the Knickerbocker through Priceline, and we saved about $200 from the next best deal on a 4-star hotel. After reading the reviews, we were a little worried. We automatically asked for a larger room when we arrived. They upgraded us to a &quot;30%&quot; larger room for an additional $15/night; It was fine, but knowing this was the &quot;bigger&quot; room, the other rooms must have been a closet. The public areas were fine. The rooms and hallways were older and in need of renovation. It looked like there must be 20 coats of paint on the molding aside from the poor workmanship. Behind the industrial style toilet were yellow water stains all over the wall. There was a pedestal sink with 1-1/2 thin glass shelves to put your things on (hoping they wouldn't fall into the toilet). The bathroom was only about 4-1/2 ft. x 6 ft. including the tub area. As far as the paper-thin walls, I was awoken 3 times one night by people talking at a normal tone in the hall, and our neighbors using speaker-phone to call downstairs, although their phone was not turned up loudly. I could actually easily make every word out that was spoken. The last day, the shower water turned brown and left us with dirty feeling hair and black soot in the tub. When we filled the sink, we realized it too was brown. We took pictures on our camera and showed the front desk. They said &quot;we're very sorry&quot;, and that was it. No offer to try to make things better or anything. I think a decent 3-star hotel would at least make sure you had clean water or do something to try to make it right. I don't have a clue how this got it's 4-star rating, but I would not recommend it staying here. It is an ok location, but we felt that the Marriott, the Omni (either one) or the Westin were all better locations. This is one hotel that is living off yesterday's fame.	
Mar 4 2004	Good Place	Stayed at this hotel 02/02. Very nice, clean, staff was friendly. Close to shopping areas. Nice martini bar!	
Mar 2 2004	Great location on Magnificent Mile	Older hotel, small, but a perfect location! We enjoyed our stay here in February 2004. As long as you know it is an older hotel, with small rooms - you won't be disappointed. Our rate was $99/night and I would stay there again because of its location.Another plus - never had a problem getting a cab outside the hotel front door.This hotel has an INCREDIBLE ballroom. We attended a wedding here. The wait staff does a first class job.	
Feb 27 2004	Not what I expected but not horrible	I stayed at the Knickerbocker on Jan. 1-4. I got a great price off hotwire ($70/night). I was expecting this super deluxe room with all the trimmings but I got an pretty ok double room (i asked for a queen, which they said they ran out of availability) with no dresser, and a teeny bathroom with no tub. Now I'm from NYC so I know a small bathroom and I can do cartwheels in mine at home compared to this one. I could barely function in that bathroom without having to shut the door to give more space. But overall, the service was good. I slept pretty comfortably. I don't think I would go to the Knickerbocker again just because I expected more. But it's not a terrible hotel-maybe just not a full 4 stars.	
Feb 18 2004	Weekend Shopping Spree with my Husband and 2 Sisters!	We stayed at the Knickerbocker on January 31 for a one night shopping spree. The double room was somewhat old in appearance but that was to be expected in an older hotel. However, the bathroom had NO exhaust fan and was terribly small. There was no way two people could occupy the bathroom at the same time! That is a problem when there are 3 women sharing a room with one man! We were on the 7th floor which looked out toward the Drake. The night time constuction noise went on until 2 a.m.! Unless we found an extremely good deal we would not stay there again.	
Feb 17 2004	Not Again	Very, very over rated. Small and cramped rooms with only a shower. There were only 2 rooms booked on our floor and we could hear the other people through the walls. Very pricey parking.	
Feb 16 2004	Disappointed this time around	I have enjoyed staying at the Knickerbocker in the past but was disappointed on my most recent stay. The rooms are starting to show a little wear around the edges. I did notice that there is some equipment in the hotel so hopefully they are in the process of upgrading. The Knickerbocker has a great bar right in the lobby and usually bustling with activity. The staff is always friendly and helpful. Checking in and out of this hotel can be a bit of a hassle because the front desk area is small and is inconveniently located at the far end of the lobby.	
Feb 12 2004	Definitely not 4 stars!	Even though parts of this hotel are relatively nice, it appears they ran out of money to complete the renovations. The rooms are small, the furniture is ok, the bathrooms are very small, the tub was old, the hallway was a bit run down. Overall, I would rate this hotel a maximum 3 stars.	
Jan 28 2004	Good value great location.	Thought this hotel was worth the $70/nt although $35/day for parking was steep. The location is great--right off Michigan ave and accross from the Drake hotel. Our room was fairly large with a partial canopy bed, full size couch, two stuffed chairs, and two TV's. My only complaint was the noise-- really loud between the construction in the morning and people coming in at night.	
Jan 11 2004	Tricked at the Knick	The room was so small that you couldn't walk around the bed when the TV cabinet was open, making it feel very claustrophobic. The bathroom was so small that you could barely turn around. The decor in the room was confusing, a bordello-like atmosphere that clashed with everything in sight. After spending one night in the hotel, we checked out and moved to Hotel 71, where we got a bigger room at a lower price with a fantastic view of the Chicago River.	
Dec 31 2003	Don't knock the Knickerbocker!	To get the best out of Chicago you can't beat a central location - and this hotel certainly has that. Admittedly there is a slight air of 'faded glory' about some of the rooms, but when we weren't satisfied with our original room, a quick word at the desk had us moved to a much nicer one! Thereafter our trip went swimmingly - especially our time spent in the Martini Lounge... which has just the best atmosphere, wonderful live jazz piano and a fabulous cocktail bar. Sipping our drinks and watching the world go by (lots of beautiful people when we were ther) was a great way to unwind after an exhausting day sightseeing, prior to going out to dinner. Well done Millennium Knickerbocker.	
Nov 26 2003 	High Style of Yesteryear	This hotel, while older, has held up very well. The public spaces are exceptionally appointed and the piano bar in the lobby is a nice touch. The rooms, while on the smaller side (typical for a hotel of this time), were very clean and richly furnished. The staff was very hospitable. It is located a block off of Michigan Avenue and is convenient to shopping, restaurants (perhaps this explains why the hotel restaurant was always deserted!), and Oak St. Beach. For style and nostalgia, a two thumbs up.	
Sep 24 2003	Better than Home		
Sep 16 2003	Millenium Knickerbocker		
Sep 16 2003	Not again here either		
Aug 20 2003	Never Again		
Aug 4 2003	Not Again		
Jul 28 2003	Fantastic!		
May 21 2003	I Can't Wait To Return		
May 20 2003	Great Hotel		
May 10 2003	Great place to stay.		
Jun 10 2002	Quaint and homey with a must-have location		
Oct 5 2009 	Hotel bien situado pero un poco anticuado		
Aug 10 2009 	magnifico		
Sep 18 2008 	Hotel de chaine typique		
Oct 29 2006 	un pesimo hotel		
