	Decent room good location great price	The hotel is in a great location. It's right in the middle of downtown and just a few blocks from the subway (&quot;L train&quot;). There are a lot of restaurants nearby. I got a free upgrade to a suite because I printed a coupon from the hotel's website just before my stay. The room was large, clean, and had a refrigerator. Aside from the older model TV in the room that didn't have a great picture, I have nothing bad to say. The hotel has free internet access in the lobby (sometimes there's a short wait). Rooms that face the street have a nice view, but you can hear some noise. I would stay here again.	
	Outstanding Value and Location	We always stay at River North. Great location and value compared with anyother lodging in The Loop or North River. A dated fascility but well worth it. If you like the Tavistock in London or other modest hotels in Europe and around the world, this is the place for you. We would rather spend more money on seeing the sights than spending more on a hotel where all we want is a place to sleep. The staff is very professional and friendly. Free parking is a great deal and the hotel is walking distance to most major sites. On balance, excellent.	
Nov 19 2009 	Good value with free parking	With a web coupon, we got upgraded to a suite--large and roomy. All plumbing worked great and had hot water. WiFi not great. Room temp hard to get right, but had no noise from neighbors or the street. Skip the pizza and walk 3 blocks to Gino's East for great Chicago deep-dish. Large swimming pool--big enough to really swim. Helpful front desk, and free parking a big plus. We got a great car rental, so had the options of walking, driving, or a CTA pass--and we did all three.	
Nov 6 2009	One of the better ones in Chicago	I have traveled to Chicago on several occasions and River North is truly one of the better hotels in the downtown area. The rooms have always been clean and tidy with comfortable beds and you can't beat the free parking. Also the location is amazing. There are plenty of restaurants, grocery stores, and Michigan Ave. within walking distance. The staff was always very courteous and helpful with directions as well as buses to take to get to attractions that were too far to walk to in the cold March weather. After sampling many different hotels downtown, River North has been one of the most consistent and comfortable to stay at and I would recommend it. It is nothing extravagant, but it is certainly better than most.	
Sep 18 2009 	The location can't be beat	Time and time again I return to this hotel when traveling on business. The location is awesome with many wonderful restaurants and bars within walking distance. The rooms are kept clean and the maids do a good job of freshening them up daily. I also looked at their website and found a coupon to be upgraded to a suite for free which was a nice plus as the room was more spacious and included a refrigerator and a small couch, chair, and table area. Bathroom was nice and clean, bed was comfortable, can't complain about much. It is a little annoying to navigate as the hotel is in two building and only connects on the 4th floor. Also shower pressure and temperature wasn't great and I found it difficult to get the thermostat on a good temperature and was constantly adjusting. Staff is nice and helpful and parking is free which is a good cost savings if you have a car. The hotel isn’t perfect and the hallways are semi-dated but the rooms are refreshed, comfortable, and clean. I’ll be back.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great location free parking!!!	Stayed here for 2 nights with husband and two young children. Hotel very conveniently located, although we did do loads of walking! It took a good half hour to reach various attractions: the Navy Pier, Sears Tower, beaches; which was fine for adults but kids got extremely tired! Hotel staff were friendly and helpful, breakfast was good and reasonably priced, and the pool was a real bonus with small children! However, there was no fridge in the room, bring your own or you can hire one for $10 per night. Also, ignorant and mindless fellow hotel guests let down this hotel by being extremely noisy on our second night. The people residing above us sounded like they were having a party at 3am - lots of creaky floor/bed noises, banging around and raised voices above our heads for a good hour or so at 3am!!! And another party were shouting and laughing in the corrider outside our room around that time. I was very annoyed and frustrated but didnt make a fuss as I had two small children in my room. I suppose you get these types whatever hotel you stay in, but it is all very annoying - why are some people like that?!!!. Apart from these mindless people, the stay was fine and I would definitely recommend it.	
Aug 10 2009 	Would definitely recommend 	Our first visit to Chicago. My husband &amp; I booked this hotel for two nights and were so pleased with it we stayed for a third night. The room, a suite, was very spacious and clean. The bed comfortable. We were in Chicago for sight seeing so didn't spend a lot of time in the hotel, did use the nice pool one morning. The hotel is an older hotel, but it's what you'd expect in a older building in Chicago. The free parking was a big plus when you find that other hotels charge minimum $48 a night to park in their garage. Staff was very friendly, helpful and eager to please. Complimentary coffee was good. You'll find no complaints here and we do plan on staying there the next time we are in Chicago.	
Aug 5 2009 	no hot water loud steet noises	1/2 hr to3/4 hr to get hot water , if some one walks the halls you hear it .street noise the pizza sucks	
Jul 24 2009 	Skip this pay for parking at a better hotel.	Let's go over the good things about the hotel 1st. The rooms are clean, the location is superb, the free parking is great, &amp; that's all. Bad things are: the water pressure for the sink &amp; shower go from low pressure to normal pressure every min or so, and when it does in the shower, the water gets scalding hot. The most important thing in a hotel to me is the bathroom &amp; it was just beyond terrible. They have a soap/shampoo dispenser too, not even actual shampoo bottles &amp; ect. Crazy. Skip this place, pay for parking elsewhere. You won't have people blocking you in where you cannot get out &amp; you won't have these terrible bathrooms. Oh, we also booked a 2 bed room &amp; when we got there, they said we did a 1 king bed, which was BS, &amp; then we had to get a 2 bed smoking room because they didn't have a non-smoking (even though we reserved one). Fail.	
Jul 20 2009 	First Time In Chicago and Enjoyed It	Nice suite and very comfy and clean. Conveniently located in downtown Chicago. Parking spaces were tight however the good thing was it was free. It was hard to find our room because the structure of the building wasn't ideal. No air conditioning in the halls or elevator.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great Hotel	I stayed for 3 nights. The staff was so friendly and helpful. If I ever come back to Chicago I will be staying at the Best Western.	
Jul 13 2009 	Truly awful	Stayed for four long nights as part of a reunion. The only thing good about this motel is the location. There is absolutely nothing else to recommend it, except perhaps for the free parking, if you didn't mind that one of the attendants was noticeably drunk at 8 am. This place is badly in need of a makeover in every possible aspect. The very small and ergonomically ridiculous rooms stank of cigarettes, the beds are hard as planks, and the noise from the outside and the air conditioner was deafening. In a word, this hotel is grim.	
Jun 22 2009 	Just ok	Stayed here for one night. Didn't spend much time at the hotel so it was just somewhere to sleep. The bed looked like the sheets were not ironed and I found a hair under the bottom pillow. Was too tired to complain so just removed the pillow to the floor. Free wifi not the most stable but fair enough for a quick skype and browse. Staff were friendly and check in/out efficient. No breakfast included but there is a Mc Donalds across the road if you're into that. Rainforest restaurant acorss the road as well. Found this hotel just okbut probably wouldn't stay here again though. I choose this hotel because it was close to downtown and car hire collection. Free parking.	
Jun 16 2009 	The hotel is clean confortable and with a very raisonable price.	I stayed there for 2 nights, and I found the Hotel very pleasant. The staff is nice and some of the very kind and helpful.I suggest it to everyone who wants to go to Chicago, who wants to be in down town with one of the best price if not the best... And the Italian restaurant in the hotel is hummm...	
Jun 4 2009 	Good Location.	Very good hotel whichis what you expect from a &quot;Chain&quot; Hotel. Staff friendly, rooms a good size. Location was very good. Good value for money. Pool was a bonus. Would definately stay there again.	
May 27 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	I stayed one night at this hotel and found it to be roomy and comfortable with an excellent staff. Parking was easy, room was large and spotlessly clean, everything worked. Room service staff was great and the food was good to boot. Great hotel, I would recommend it to anyone.	
May 21 2009 	Good location 	The price for a location like this can't be beat in Chicago, and free parking? Forget finding that anywhere else in the city. But wow, is this hotel noisy. We could hear every footstep of the people in the room above us, particularly when they came in drunk at 1 a.m. and banged around so much we were afraid they were throwing the furniture around. They could be heard talking clearly through the bathroom vent--they were just a bunch of drunk guys in from the bars, but wow! We called the front desk and they said they'd send security to check; after 10 minutes I couldn't take it anymore and went down to sit in the lobby with a book. 10 minutes after I sat down, the security guy came through and the desk clerk sent him out on our complaint; by that time, the drunks had passed out and all was quiet.The price and parking can't be beat, so I might still go here again, but request a room on the top floor!	
May 8 2009 	Great Location	My husband stayed two nights and found the hotel to be a nice place and had a great location. One of the best parts was the free underground parking. We parked our car when we arrived on April 30th and didn't use it again until we left on May 2, 2009. The hotel is only a few block off Michingan Avenue's Magnificiant Mile and walking distance to most anywhere. If you're looking for a clean room, reasonable in price just to sleep this is the one for you. We were very pleased.	
Apr 21 2009 	Simple clean great location and FREE PARKING!!!	The number one reason we chose to stay here was because the room rate included free parking. Other hotels can charge up to $50/day for parking, which completely destroys the cheap room rate.Very easy to get to (just exit off of I-90 and drive right to the door), room was clean, plenty of room for two, everything worked fine, bedding/towels were clean, decor was basic, view was OK, halls were sparse, elevators and stairs are very confusing, location is superb (right across the street from Rock and Roll McDonald's), continental breakfast was poor, parking may take a while to get your car out (the attendants will double-park cars), and the outside noise can be loud (sirens) at times if your window is open.Overall, not a place I would call elegant, but a great room based on location, price, and perfect for someone who just wants to use the room for sleeping and not hanging out.	
Apr 20 2009 	It Can't Be Beat!	Each time we head to Chicago I figure the price will have risen, but that's not the case. It's still less than $100 for a double with a king-size bed. There is free parking with in and out privileges. The location is wonderful! The staff is great! There is now a continental breakfast that is included...the waffles are great! It is served in the restaurant, so anyone who wishes a full breakfast can order it.The location is convenient to many jazz clubs, restaurants, and shops. This hotel is within walking distance of Michigan Ave.	
Apr 17 2009 	Cheap and decent with the best location	If you want to stay someone in Chicago that is inexpensive, clean and in a great location, with FREE parking, this is the place for you! Within a few blocks of restaurants, the Mag Mile and public transit, we were very pleased with the location of this hotel. It is by no means the Hilton...rooms and hallways are updated but still have that 'old' feeling (and the walls are VERY thin so it's not always quiet). But they were kept very clean by the staff. Hotel staff were very friendly as well. The free parking was a huge bonus as well, that is not easy to find in downtown Chicago. There is a computer in the lobby with complimentary internet access which was very handy. The free continental breakfast wasn't great...the wait staff was cranky and they should at least through some fruit out on the table. We did have hard boiled eggs as an option on the last day which I was happy about, the rest of the week was all cereal, toast and waffles - no protein or fruit. But again, we paid on average about $110-160 CDN per night (changed with the day of the week), so we were happy with what we got. You can get a discount if you have CAA or an AAA membership. Kids under 17 are free so it was perfect for us traveling with our young daughter.	
Apr 6 2009 	Good and Cheap	This hotel is the best value in the area. The rates were cheap and the room was clean. Close to everything - walking distance to good eats, shopping along Michigan Ave., blues bars, train station. Long walk or short cab ride to theaters and other popular Chicago attractions. The room (king bed) was small (ok by us as we weren't there that much), but adequate for two people, nice, and very clean. Hotel was noisy . . . definitely bring ear plugs if you're a light sleeper - between the guests coming and going, housekeeping cleaning, and street noise, there was not a lot of quietness. Hallways and stairwells had strong cleaner (Pine Sol?) odors. Parking was free (practically unheard of in this town), though was not self-park (especially over the weekend they pack the cars into this little lot like sardines). Free continental breakfast (dine-in only with blue tickets provided upon check-in) but limited, i.e. bread, english muffins, hard-boiled eggs, hot and cold cereal and make-your-own waffles. We needed a car to get to the Museum of Science and Industry, Frank Lloyd Wright houses, and Botanical Gardens. We will definitely go back for the price and location.	
Apr 6 2009 	Friendly staff. Old rooms but clean.	Room was large and as clean as could be expected for how old the hotel is. Staff was very friendly. Bathroom needs a fan.	
Apr 5 2009 	great deal in the city	This was the second stay for us recently and both times we were very happy. The room was very large and the staff helpful and pleasant. The free parking and breakfast coupled with the location make this a great choice in Chicago. We easily walked to the shopping and theatre.	
Apr 3 2009 	Great Value and Location	Certainly an older property, but well maintained. No charge on site parking. My room over the parking entry area was fine, but it was tough getting enough hot water on a couple of 19-deg (F) mornings. Hotel now includes a continental breakfast -- cook to order available at menu prices. Excellent location. 6 blocks west of Michigan Ave. Rainforest Cafe and Hard Rock Cafe across the street. Chicago Chop house has great food, but you'll pay dearly for it. BW River North is my recommendation for a solid 2-3 star full service property. OH, the roof top pool and deck must be great in summer!	
Mar 23 2009 	Great Service and attention by all - Love this location	This was a family weekend in the big city to visit the museums and my nephew who is there. The hotel is getting old, but clean paint in the hallways, nice room furnishing, huge TV, wifi, clean room with a nice comfortable bed and unit controlled heat all made for a comfortable. We had two rooms. One with a King size bed which took up most of the room and another room with 2 double beds, which was large and held 2 adults and 2 children just fine. Bathrooms are small, but served their purpose. Our intention was to only really sleep there. Great pool was used both nights. Can't beat the free parking and the central location. We loved the choice of restaurants in the area, and it was a few short blocks to great Chicago Pizza at Giodano's. Everyone was super friendly and helpful from the time we pulled into the parking lot, to the time we left. Free breakfast with great cooked to order choices or you can just order off the menue and pay. We will be back.	
Feb 23 2009 	Great bang for the buck	We had a three night get-away at this hotel. Rooms were somewhat small, but clean. The black and white tile in the bathroom was dated but clean. Rooms were clean and serviced daily. The pool was closed for maintenance, but this was not a major problem for us as we hadn't planned on using it anyway.The location was convenient, about 6 blocks to Michigan Ave. (Magnificent Mile). Rain Forest Cafe, Hard Rock Cafe and Rock 'n' Roll McDonald's within a block. Ed DeBevic's and Gino's East about three blocks, an easy walk.The best part? For mid-February, we got a room with a king bed, free parking and free made-to-order breakfast for less than $80 a night with the AARP/AAA discount.	
Jan 27 2009 	Great location!	My boyfriend and I wanted to get away over the holidays and Chicago has always been a city we wanted to visit. We made it a road trip and it took us a little over 8 hours to drive there from Toronto! We stayed at the Best Western River North Hotel from Dec 29 - Jan 2. It is definetly a great location to all the major sight-seeing locations and it was very close to good restaurants and public transit. Our room was fine although if I ever go again, I will request not to be along the busy Ohio street and not next to the elevator. NYE, you expect noice and happy celebrations but our floor was full of door slamming and very loud arguing from 1am - 5am. We called down to reception because we were a little frustrated and frightened as it wasn't happy noise. They said security would come up but nothing was done. When I went to complain the next day, the manager was nice enough, but didn't go out of his way to ensure we were happy customers. He gave us 20% off our room rate for that night only which didn't amount to much as we paid double that night because it was NYE. But all in all, it was a nice stay and you can't beat free &amp; covered parking as most hotels charge a hefty fee to park each day/night. My boyfriend found the gym to be efficient but the treadmill was not. We didn't swim but the indoor pool looked very nice and is probably even better in the summer as there is a huge patio off of it. Also, there is free use of the internet in the lobby that we found handy to look up directions, sights, etc. And there is free coffee, tea, hot chocolate, granola bars you can get in the morning hours.The staff was great. Very helpful and informative for new comers to the city. We didn't try the attached restaurant but we did have a few cocktails there before heading out for dinner. There is a great (very small) restaurant across the street that serves a delicious, fast breakfast. Other than that, we went to the original Morton's Steakhouse for dinner on NYE - pricey but delicious! And some brunch places that are a must are...Orange in Printers Row and Bongo Room in Wicker Park. Also, try WOW BAO - I believe there are 3 locations in the city. Amazing vietnamise buns and homemade gingerale! And deep dish pizza at Gino's East was super!	
Jan 18 2009 	Great hotel	We selected the Best Western River North in Chicago due to the location to a nursing home we went to see family at.We also were glad that they did not charge extra to park. From the time we pulled into the valet structure to leaving we had a good experience. My husband had knee surgery in Nov. so he requested a room close to the elevator. The staff was very friendly and accomadating. Paul and Wallace were wonderful. The room was clean and very large. The bathroom was a bit small as some other reviews but not a problem. We had high speed internet a nice size tv, the pool was nice and warm also. The decor of the room is modern , the bed had a wonderful comforter and the mattress was very comfortable. In location we picked it due to our stay but noticed some of the theatres were only a few blocks away.Walgreens, Hard Rock cafe, Mcdonalds and Blue Chicago were right across the street and also a BP gas station right there. They were running a special that included breakfast for they have a full service restaurant right inside the hotel. When we travel to Chicago again we will pick it and also recommend this hotel to anyone going	
Dec 5 2008 	Rename this Beast to Worst Western	At $293 a night this is one of the worst hotels I have experienced. I booked a non-smoking, quiet room in July, but upon arrival in November was sent to a smoking room. When I complained, I was given a room overlooking a busy city street. My third move got me into the room I had requested. Unfortunately, access to the room was from a blockhouse in the parking garage, not from the main lobby. Things were no better as the week wore on: elevators were extremely slow, no thermastat in room so a forced hot air system either broiled you to death or forced you to turn it off and freeze to death, sheets were as scratchy as sandpaper, and drains were sluggish. While security in the hotel was good, our cab was once smacked by a beer bottle as we drove south to the McCormack Convention Center. This certainly wan't the hotel's fault, but it certainly contributed to our overall dissatisfaction. This hotel should be downgraded to a Motel 6 grade facility and re-priced accordingly.	
Nov 29 2008	stay somewhere else	Let me say to start off the location is excellent right in the heart of all the action. Right next door to a great blues bar The hotel itself was terrible We had booked a queen room advised on our arrival that wasnt available so we got two doubles hotel is quite old and rundown Stayed 3 nights left with multiple bed bug bites a sore back from the crappy mattress but some good memories of chicago great restraunts nearby I would look for a better hotel and pay a bit more next trip	
Nov 27 2008 	Loved the Best Western River North	I loved my stay at the Hotel this week. The staff was very friendly. The location was great and the room was very clean and the space was more than adequate. The free parking was great and it was wonderful having access to my car. Our room came with free hot breakfest, which was good. I visit Chicago often and have stayed at many Hotels and I see no reason to stay at other hotels again.  Bruce HowardLansing MI	
Nov 10 2008 	Great location	Hotel is located downtown, great location, close to subway, shopping and restaurants. Staff was very helpful and friendly. Rooms were clean and the beds were very comfortable. Additional tip ** Don't get sucked into going to The Baton restaurant female impersonator show, just a money grab and very disappointing **	
Nov 1 2008 	Enjoyed our stay	We stayed 3 nights at the Best Western and it was excellent. The concierge was great- she got us tickets to the Cubs game and helped us out with some other ideas too. The hotel is centrally located and there is no need for a car (which we had and paid $27/day to store since we didn't use it). The rooms were clean and the staff was friendly. We would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 13 2008	The Perfect Location	We booked this hotel because of a) the location and b)the free parking. This was our first hotel on our 'route 66' vacation from the UK and we would thoroughly recommend it because of the position. We paid $160 per night but we were close to hotels charging 3 times this. The rooms were clean, comfortable, and well worth the rate. The best part was that within 5 mins walk you were at the magnificent mile or the river (for excellent architechural boat rides) and a stop for the excellent 'hop on off' open top bus rides. We had read the negative reviews of this hotel but did not experience it. The staff could be a bit more friendly though.	
Sep 7 2008 	Great Location But Don't Get Excited Over The Free Parking	Average hotel that offers tremendous value in an expensive city. If you are looking for bang-for-buck, this is the place. Set your expectations at around &quot;5 or 6&quot; on a 1-10 scale and you won't be disappointed. PROS: Great location.Clean rooms. Unheard of free parking (don't plan on going in-and-out though...read CONS below). Quick walk to Portillo's Hot Dogs (my fave). Plus Mickie-D's is right across the street for those of you on a McMuffin budget.Standard pool with surprisingly great view of the city skyline.Ask for a 4th floor room that directly faces Ohio Ave and see the city lights and action at night. There are really great views from these rooms.Surprisingly tasty free-coffee in the lobby.CONS: Forget about going in-and-out with the free parking...our car was held hostage for two days blocked and buried in an over-parked lot on Labor Day weekend. It was a BIG hassle waiting for the lot attendant to move other vehicles so we could get out. We cancelled our trip to the Lincoln Park Zoo and evening drives on Lakeshore Ave because of this. Pedestrian decor. Odd-layout that is easily learned.Small and slow elevators. Elevator #2 is the slowest of the bunch.Takes a while to obtain hot water in the upper rooms.Musty smell in hallways that is made worse by timed air fresheners blasting old-lady perfume scent by the hour.No breakfast.Since it is such a great value, be prepared to stay with some shady-looking guests and loud families with fat-children doing cannon-balls in the pool.If you want to avoid the dreck, pony-up the extra cash and stay at the Park Hyatt. I may do this next time.	
Sep 4 2008 	Great location for all the attractions	This is great hotel for anyone visiting Chicago. We were 2 blocks off the Subway Red Line and 4 blocks from the El. The free trolley to Navy Pier is 2 blocks from the Hotel. You can walk to Michigan Avenue the Magnificent Mile. We must let you know this is a very old hotel and the rooms are small, but they were very clean and comfortable. We stayed in a King room. One downside is the rooms do not have refrigerators or microwaves, but the suites do. Another great advantage is the location to various restaurants, Al's Italian Beef, Brazzaz Brazilian restaurant and the Hotel restaurant has great deep dish pizza.	
Aug 25 2008 	"worst" western	Lets say this is definitely the worst experience I have ever had in a hotel. The horror began when we got to our room. We found they had sent 4 adults to a room with one double bed. We called down to the front desk and they proceeded to explain how our 2 double bed reservation on hotels.com had changed to 1 double bed due to the fact we hadn't checked in between 3-6pm. We had checked in at 1 pm and then went to the whitesox game at 2:55pm. Well that didn't count because it was before 3pm - Nobady had told us at 1pm that we would be left high and dry if we didn't check in exactly between 3-6. So they had given away our room and left the only choice being this room. They would bring in a single rollaway though. Wow!. Now we would have a single room with a double bed and rollaway for 4 adults. So we tried to get our money back. no deal. We were totally stuck because we had booked through hotels.com. We called hotels.com and they proceeded to ask us questions for about 1/2 hr then called the hotel manager. Well that went nowhere quick as they said they couldn't refund us our money and couldn't help us.Beyond the customer service issues and policy the hotel was just bad. It was split into two buildings and the rooms were across a parking lot from the pool. the elevators were a joke. Barely fit a stroller and 3 adults into it. The hallways smelled like somekind of cleaner they hadn't gotten all the way out. The sink in our small bathroom didn't have hot water. The sound of the city at night with the drunks around the hotel (happening part of town, with hard rock cafe and dance clubs) all loud. Luckily the air conditioner was equally loud and drowned some of the noise outside out.Just bad bad bad. Never use hotels.com or a best western again in our lives. Don't you do it either. Stay away!	
Aug 25 2008 	Location : great; Hotel: not so great	There are two good things about this hotel: the location and the free parking. Otherwise, it is just not worth it to stay here to save a few bucks. The hallways smell. Our room was very small and dark. The mattresses were not very thick and the sheets kept coming off of them during the night. The place just seems very run-down. There was some peeling paint in the room and in the pool area. The place just seemed to give the impression that the owners don't really care about making it look nice for the guests. We really regretted staying here and wished we'd spent a little extra money to stay somewhere nicer.	
Aug 24 2008 	Nice hotel	We stayed here for two nights in May and had would certainly come back and stay here again. The location is great in the centre of the city and a 2 minute walk from the magnificent mile. The rooms were clean and spacious as was the bathroom.I didn't have a chance to check out the pool and was we were travelling by train didn't use the car park. The price for the area was very good and felt safe even when going across the street for a McDonalds at 2am. Would recommend anyone to stay here.We did have one issue which could of happened at any hotel I guess. When we made the reservations online we were charged for the first night, however when we arrived and paid for the room we were charged again for it. When we noticed and told them they advised us it would be refunded, three months later we are still waiting for this to be done.	
Aug 16 2008 	Would stay again	We would stay here again because the location was fantastic for the price that we paid for the room.Our first time to Chicago and thought this hotel was good for what we needed as we were not in our room very often.The staff were all very friendly and answered any questions that we asked them.Right across the road from Mc Donalds and Hard Rock and there are plenty of other eating places in the same vicinity.	
Jul 28 2008	Stay away!	We went to Chicago to see Wicked and stayed at the BW River North . We had an awfull experience. Not only do their hallways and rooms smell awful, they are very run down. They gave us a smoking room when we requested non smoking and would not change due to the &quot;hotel was full&quot; eventhough my daugther suffers from asthma. We tried to save $$ on the parking and now are sorry we did. Stay Away.	
Jul 26 2008 	Great Hotel but needed to improve on the pool	We had just returned from the Best Western River North Hotel and we liked it. A few things I liked is the room was nice and big and had a great bathroom (we stayed in a suite). I especially liked the all in one shower and the soap, shampoo, and body was all in one dispenser. One last thing is its in a great part very close to the museums there. Some things that needed improving is in the bathroom there was some chipped paint on the crown molding around the door. 2 more things that needed to improve was the pool, the pool was too small (probably because the pool was on the roof), one more thing is the elevator was too small and took too long to come. Overall I liked it.	
Jul 10 2008 	Wonderful stay at River North BW	Stayed four nights in July with husband, one preteen and one teen. We were upgraded to a suite upon arrival. Room was large, clean and well decorated. The room had one king bed and one sofabed. The King was very comfortable. Didn't sleep on the pullout sofabed, but didn't hear any complaints from the kids. Hotel lobby, hallways, and pool area were clean, well lit, and modern. No noise from nearby rooms. Sundeck off the pool area was an extra bonus with a great view. Staff members were attentive and very FRIENDLY!! Room was impeccably cleaned each day.Great location and free parking were also bonuses.Only negatives were the water temperature and pressure. The temp. would change many times from very cold to hot and pressure would drop as well. All four of us experienced this so beware when taking a shower.This is one the best hotels I've stayed in for a family on a budget. We will definitely stay here again on our next trip to Chicago. Thank you, River North Best Western, for an enjoyable stay.	
Jun 27 2008 	Pluses and minuses	Pros:-self-parking (basement and exposed outside) part of room cost; no limits on in-out activity-restaurant (Italian/pizza) attached to hotel-very nice breakfast ( 4 options using hotel coupons)-Good Wi-fi-nice reasonably priced hotel with a moderate walk to both the downtown “loop” and Michigan Ave. shoppingCons:- Ohio is a busy street; main feed off of interstate; if you need a quiet night sleep ask for a room at the back of the hotel-some rooms only accessible from one elevator bank vs. those that service parking garageP.S. Try the 2nd floor &quot;bistro&quot; at the McDonalds across the street. Upscale cookies, gelato, etc.	
May 21 2008 	Great Value Exceptional Location!	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights on a recent trip to Chicago.In general, we were very pleased as we thought that as it was only rated 2 star that it would be only a 'budget' type place.However, we were wrong as we were very pleasantly surprised!The location is perfect for all Chicago's sight seeing trips etc. as it is centrally located to everything!All of the hotels staff were very polite and also very helpful!We had a standard room which was extremley clean, with everything in perfect working order.The only 2 small issues that I would raise is.....* No coffee in the lobby after 11am** No laundry on site. - This wasn't too bad for us as we were just on the start of our trip but if we we had been travelling around on business then it might have caused a problem *The restaraunt next door serves really nice fayre, although I think generally a little overpriced. However, they do serve some excellent breakfasts there!If we return to Chicago (which I'm sure we will) then we shall definately stay at the Best Western River North again!	
May 20 2008 	Location great - hotel just okay	We stayed here for four nights in March 2008. We chose this hotel because of reasonable rates, location and free parking. We weren't disappointed with any of those aspects. There were a few things we didn't like. The TV was on a dresser on the side of the bed instead of the foot of the bed which made it a little harder to lay on the bed and watch TV. Also the heater was noisy - made a lot of popping and crackling noise when it was on. After the first night, we would just heat up the room right before we went to bed and then turned it off. The restaurant at the hotel was nice and there's a lot of restaurants within walking distance. For lunch on our last day we ordered deep-dish pizza from our room and then went down to the restaurant to eat it. I would give this hotel another try.	
May 12 2008 	Great Chicago hotel for families	We stayed here for 3 nights over March Spring Break week with two young children, ages 4 and 7. This was a nice, clean hotel in a busy downtown area with an indoor pool close to kid-friendly restauarants.The hotel room was newly remodeled and very nice and clean. There was an in-room safe, coffee maker, 2 large double beds, closet area, and a small sized bath with shower/tub. Staff were very nice, cleaning staff were always seen around the hotel keeping things clean. Coffee, tea, and granola bars are available in the lobby, and we saw a concierge desk staffed during the day. The hotel restaurant is a pizza place/bar at night and serves breakfast in the morning. Food was fine there, but service was very slow all 3 times we went. Parking is free with unlimited in/out privileges, which was a huge selling point for us as parking is very expensive downtown. The hotel is about 5 blocks walk from Michigan and the more touristy shopping district. It was about a 15-20 minute walk to American Girl Cafe. Directly across the street is a 50s-style McDonalds, on the corner is the Rainforest Cafe and Hard Rock Cafe. A 24-hour Walgreen's is 3 doors down, across from the Hard Rock, and this is a great place to get any toiletries you may have forgotten to pack or drinks, food, or snacks for your room. We stocked up on bottled water each morning there before treking off to the museums.As another reviewer explained below, the hotel is actually 2 buildings connected on one floor. To reach the pool, lobby, or restaurant from the one building, you have to take 2 elevators and walk a bit down a hall between them. Other than that slight inconvenience, this was a great hotel in a good location for a good price. We got a very good rate at the hotel's website, but noticed the rate doubled about a month later. The pool was very busy the first time we used it, but the second time it was completely empty.	
May 11 2008	Our favorite Chicago hotel	Back in January 2006 my sister and I traveled to Chicago for her birthday to see Wicked. We wanted a hotel close to the theater as well as the shopping downtown. We found the Best Western River North and LOVED IT. It has become our favorite hotel in Chicago and the first hotel we look at when planning a trip. We recently stayed there in January 2008 and had a very pleasant stay. We love the location of it, it is close to all of the things we like about Chicago. The free parking is also great. Though I think the indoor pool on the 6th floor with a view of the city is probably my favorite part.. We has also been lucky to get some pretty spacious rooms. The noise from the street at times is a bit distracting, but what do you expect when you are in the heart of Chicago. We have never had any problems staying here. We have now stayed there 5 times and plan to do so again. It is a great hotel.	
May 10 2008	Disappointed	Based on the reviews in Tripadvisor, we booked a room at the Best Western because of the savings in free parking. However, we were really disappointed -- the old, dingy hallways had a nasty, strong smell of cleaning fluids, the bathroom in our room was tiny and old, the heating/cooling system was antique and roared on and off. The whole place seemed old and tired -- I hate to use the word &quot;dump&quot; but it was awful close to that status in my mind. Good points --the staff were friendly, the fitness center was OK, and the pool was nice.We thought the place was so dingy and unsatisfactory we checked out after our first night and moved to the Embassy Suites near the lakefront. More expensive after paying $42/night for parking, but the hotel and room were so, so much nicer than the Best Western that I thought it was a much better value.	
Apr 9 2008 	Great Value Clean and Close to Everything	I chose this hotel because of the fabulous FREE parking Bestwestern River North offers. Parking in Chicago can run $27 to $41 a night and I HATE paying that. I stayed here about four years ago and the stay was good, so I thought I would try it again! It was great. Rooms are clean, beds comfortable and clean. Because I was a mom with a teenage girl, the front desk staff told me that they would give me a room in the tower right next to the parking garage for safety. Our car was literally right outside the door...so convenient.This property is close to everything! We walked to Anthropologie, Urban Outfitters, The Water Tower, The State Street Macys...everywhere! The room was ample size for mom and daughter, the bathroom was small...more like a shoilet (shower/toilet). The reviews about the water temperature are so true but not annoying enough to complain about. We have stayed at four star hotels in Chicago, Embassy Suites, Courtyard, Hampton, Marriott, Intercontinental, Renissance over the years for all kinds of prices and I would say that this hotel is comparable to any stay. If you are going to Park and walk everywhere in Chicago...stay here and save the parking fees. The POOL is one of the BEST in the city...beautiful, clean and BIG! There is also a wonderful sun deck attached. We will stay here again because of the price, the FREE parking and the MOST friendly staff....they care about you! Even my teenage daughter said, &quot;hey mom, this isn't any further away than any other place we've stayed and the parking is free....we should always stay here!&quot; So, even a 16 year old gives PROPS for this hotel.	
Mar 30 2008 	Family of 5 it was a great stay	We booked a king room for $107 and were upgraded to a King suite as part of a spring break package. We stayed 3 nights 3/25-3/28. I didn't expect a 4 star hotel going into this but overall it was nicer then I expected. The hotel has two buildings connected at the 4th floor level. The main building has 7 floors and includes the lobby/front desk area, restaraunt, and pool/workout room. We stayed on the 5th floor in 538 of the main bulding and feel that is the better of the two buildings access wise. If you didn't care about the pool or visiting the lobby and needed quick access to your car then building #2 is better as the elevator goes directly down to the garage without having to go outside. Our king suite was approx 16x30 feet in size, it also had a good size frige to put our left over pizza in and easily held a case of beer, two 1-gallon milks and countless juice boxes. Our room was clean and did not smell, carpet was in newer condition, mattress was so so but we slept just fine, great pillows. Two of our kids slept on the pullout and our 2 year old in a pack-n-play. Our room did not have a microwave. The toilet and tub/shower are in a very small 6x5 room with the sink outside in the main area. There was a safe for valuables but we did not use it. Wireless internet Wi-Fi access at no charge which was certainly a suprise. The shower situation that is mentioned in other reviews still exists. You get about 3-4 minutes of good hot water then about 30-60 seconds of fairly cold water (like someone flushed a toilet), it was certainly managable but it would probably be my biggest beef of our stay. Perhaps a shower very early in th emorning or later at night would avoid the hot cold spells. The 27&quot; TV's brighness and contrast levels appeared to be set very low and there was no setting to adjust the brightness up. The lobby provided good coffee and complimentary granola bars. We did not have or see any brekfast coupons that others mentioned. A USA Today Newspaper was at our door every morning. The staff was VERY nice overall, going out of there way to say good morning or hello. Sure you occasionally run in to an employee who's had a bad day but you'll have that. The elevator is small just barely able to fit 4 people and a stroller. A couple of times the door would open and our family would have to wait again if there were more than 3 people already on it. However, one of the staff got off the elevator to allow us on, he took the steps! The stairs are adjacent to the elevator and during busy times of check in and check out I ended up taking the steps down to the 4th floor for ice or up to the 7th for the pool. The pool was large, clean and warm for the first two days of our stay, the third day was a little cooler but no issue for our two kids (ages 7 and 6), the 2 year old was shivering after about 20 minutes the last day. Perhaps they changed some water that prior evening or topped it off?? Good food very close, we ate at Hard Rock, RainForest and Portillos Famous Hot Dogs (awesome chili dog!) among other places. These 3 places were within a 5 minute walk. We also ate Lou Malnatis which was only like a block over and a block down, same goes for Ginos East but we got that pizza to take home. Overall I would stay here again and I would also recommend it to a friend or family member, great bang for the buck. At $107 a night with the free parking its a steal in downtown Chicago. Yeah if you're looking for the ultimate view of downtown over the river and a high end lobby and bar for a VERY special occassion, this may not be the place for you, check out the Westin River North instead, we stayed there 6 months ago and it was very nice but I expected that for a $300 a night hotel. If you would like additional info feel free to email me at: a6biturbo at yahoo dot com.Pros: Price, pool, free parking, location, Wi-FiCons: Hot/Cold shower, dim TV, elevator size, I'm being picky here.	
Jan 16 2008 	great location but rooms could be better.	We stayed at best western for a day before taking a flight from O'hare. we checked in late and just wanted to get a good night's sleep, squeeze in a little bit of looking around the city and shopping before we caught the flight.The front office staff were very helpful and couldn't do enough.The location of this place is perfect, it is close to everything that you want to check out in Chicago.Free parking is a superb add on and something that I don't think other hotels in chicago offer.However I did not like the creeky floor in our room, everytime the guys in the room above us used their loo we could hear the creeky sound.We were too tired to ask for a new room.The Net was not working the day we stayed there due to some maintainence.But the freshly brewed coffee is a nice touch and the restuarant attached had real good chicago style pizza.Nice place and we would probably stay in a different room if we visited chicago again.	
Dec 4 2007 	Time and Time again they amaze me!!	The Best Western River North continues to be the best kept secret in Chicago. They are in a great location on E. Ohio St, right across from the McDonalds and the Rainforest Cafe. It is about a 5-6 block walk to Michigan Avenue and the shops. Parking is free!!! Just stayed there this past weekend and our breakfast for four was also free with coupons from the hotel. Rooms are spacious with comfortable beds. Friendly staff upon check in and out. Nice large indoor pool, very clean. I have been staying at this hotel everytime I go to Chicago for the last 15 years. I have never been disapointed. I will continue to stay here and look forward to going back in a few weeks....	
Oct 27 2007 	Great location and service	Very conveniently located hotel with large rooms. The free parking is also great.There's a free breakfast with a fixed menu at the cafeteria (you can choose among pancakes, french toasts, sausages, etc) that is very complete. My room was recently renovated so I quite liked it.	
Oct 24 2007 	Good Value	The rooms itself are not especially great, but they are clean and serve the purpose. However, the location (short walk to transportation/attractions), friendly staff, and free parking make up for it. I would stay here again.	
Oct 14 2007 	great location and bargain	Had a 3 night stay in Chicago Best Western River North.Terrific location. Walking distance to shopping, Restaurants and entertainment.Staff was extremely helpful and friendly. THe restaurant on the premise was a nice place with good food and resonable pricesThe rooms were clean and tastefully decoratedIt was warm enough to use the indoor pool and then take advantage of the rooftop deck.we did not drive but if you do there is an attached garage with free parking for the guests....all inall for Chicago this is a real bargain. We would go back	
Jul 18 2007	Remarkable staff free parking okay rooms	We chose the Best Western River North in Chicago because of free parking (only one downtown). While the rooms are just okay, the staff was incredibly hospitable. Late at night, parking attendant let me park in employee space and, in morning, interruped his breakfast to unblock my care. Desk personnel eager to help including letting me come into office to print my boarding pass when they had trouble doing it.Plentiful coffee and, of all things, granola bars in the lobby in the morning. Location is easy walk (5 blks) to Michigan Blvd and to many good restaurants and bars.	
Jul 9 2007 	Nice Hotel	We stayed here July 1st-4th. We had booked on-line and got the AARP rates. First time my husband used this. I told him it pays to be 50! This saved $15.00 per night. Not a lot but paid for our cab fares. We checked in with no problems. Staff was friendly. Our room was on the 5th floor. The room had a king sized bed, dresser, table, and 2 chairs. Bathroom itself was small but not a problem for us. We live in the country so the noise took some getting used to but just found it part of the &quot;Chicago&quot; experiance.Our room was spotless, cleaned every day while we were out.Would recommend this hotel to anyone. The price was good and the free parking a +.	
May 13 2007	Great location price and amenities with some issues	I have stayed in this hotel a number of times while visiting Chicago. My main driving factors have been:1) Price: it's typically $50-100 less expensive than anything else respectable in the area. Besides, the only time I spend in the room is sleeping and showering. You also have free parking (up to $30+/night in some hotels) and free Internet ($10/night).2) Location: It's in a great location near the river and around numerous restaurants and bars in River North. For a quick and inexpensive breakfast, the huge rock and roll McDonalds is across the street. Right on the same block are an Irish bar and a blues bar; several other options within 4-5 blocks (check Dearborn/Hubbard block).3) Service: Every time I've gone here, every single employee has been hugely friendly and gone out of their way to help.4) Pool and workout center are included!There are some drawbacks that prevent me from staying there every time:1) Road noise. If you are a light sleeper, ask for a room NOT on Ohio Avenue (though the view is cool if you're a good sleeper). There is a lot of traffic in the morning, the windows aren't soundproof, and some guy starts hawking the Sun-Times very loudly at 5:30 AM every morning with &quot;Sun Times herrrrre!&quot;2) Beds and pillows aren't that comfortable.All in all, if you can deal with the above and are not here to hang out in the hotel room, it's hard to beat this place.	
Apr 15 2007	Worst Western	I booked my room online. Two double beds. When I got there, the room had ONE bed. When I went down to the front desk the girl behind the counter very extremely rude and said that it was what I asked for!I finally got thru to them that I wanted another room. I was travelling with my teenage son. No way were we going to share a bed, and besides, it wasn't what I paid for.After acting like she was doing me the biggest favor in the world, we got another room. There were two beds, but the bathroom was dirty and the carpet unvacuumed. The a/c didn't work right and parts of the tv/cable package didn't work right. Complaints were dealt with an &quot;Oh well.&quot; attitude. I filled out their in room questionaire describing how unhappy I was. It was ignored.	
Apr 11 2007 	A little gem	Love this hotel. It is old, some of the rooms are small. But it is reasonably priced, FREE parking, and within walking distance / bus to almost anything in Chicago. When I come to Chicago with my son, I come here.	
Mar 7 2007 	Not bad...not bad at all	My girlfriend and I stayed here 5 days to go to a Bears game. Every year I spend a week here to see the Bears. This was the first time I stayed here and we had a great time. Hotel was better than what we expected after reading some of the reviews. Clean room and great service from staff. If it is your first time in Chicago, location is perfect. It gives you are chance to walk towards mag mile and see all of the mom and pops resturants and shops. Also it wasn't a bad walk from the Navy Pier. We had lunch at the onsite restuarant Pizzeria Ora and food was delicious and quite affordable. The pizza will surprise you. I would recommend Best Western River North to anyone who wants to enjoy the city and sleep in a clean safe hotel. If you are into names then maybe this hotel is not for you. We enjoyed ourselves and will stay here this year as well	
Feb 21 2007 	Love the price and location	We have stayed here several times. The last over Christmas. Great value for the money and nice pool. Can't beat the free parking. Rooms are clean and we have only had one issue and that was with workers partying in the suite next to ours. It is nice to let the help have rooms over the Holidays but illegal activities were going on. Still all in all we will use it again.	
Jan 28 2007 	Good Deal for the price older bldg w/a few problems	Stayed 1/26-27, 2007. We were in room 501 which required us to enter from outside the lobby. The FREE parking is great until you want your car - ours was parked in by 3 other vehicles and I had to go inside the lobby to inquire where the parking attendant might be ?? He was in a room behind the front desk, had to gather up all the keys, move 3 cars etc. - Allow time for your vehicle to be &quot;dug out&quot;. This happened 2 mornings in a row. As stated in other reviews the location is great - walking distance to main train stations, bus lines, restaurants, Michigan Ave. etc. The Irish Pub just a block a way &quot;Fado's&quot; had great food and a fun environment. If you need internet connection - be sure to tell them - the wireless only works in the main building, otherwise you'll find yourself in the pizza parlor (the only public area w/ wireless) They did offer to move our room as all areas of the hotel do not have internet. The rooms were clean with comfortable beds, but the hotel is showing its age - paint peeling in bathroom etc. The water pressure in the shower is poor - I actually thought I was doing something wrong. We paid $90 per night - and for the price - I think this is a good hotel considering the free parking and 2 free drinks - just don't go with unrealistic expectations.	
Jan 7 2007 	Excellent Deal	I've been to Chicago several times but this has been the best hotel I've stayed at yet. If you know Chicago you know parking downtown is an extreme rip off ($30+/day). This hotel is one of the only ones I found that gives you free parking for one car. It is very convienent, especially if you're coming in from 90/94 as it's right on Ohio Street. It is right across from the big McDonalds (very plush for Micky D's), the Rainforest Cafe and Hard Rock. Also close are California Pizza Kitchen and Big Bowl which I've heard is good. There is a big movie theatre a couple blocks up towards Michigan Ave. - and this street is only about 5/6 blocks up from the Hotel. Also if you like a good Irish pub, check out the place right around the corner from the hotel (take a right just past the hotel, it's on the next corner). As for the hotel we booked a regular room and got upgraded to a suite for free. The suite was so large it had a hallway, it was bigger than my old apartment - had a fridge and two tv's. Furnishings were nice, windows were pretty soundproof - I wasn't bothered by any noise off Ohio St. which was suprising. The pool and fitness centre are closed - till the 10th of January I think. We also got two free drink vouchers for the bar. Seriously if you don't want 4 star or a hostel this is your best bet, also much nicer than the other Best Western that's a block off Michigan Ave. - that one is under serious renovation as well.	
Jan 2 2007	Awesome	The hotel is in a great location. The hotel staff is very kind. The hotel even held our bags after check out time while my boyfriend and I went to go eat. I would highly recommend this hotel or all travelers. Pool is great! Plus free parking!	
Nov 27 2006 	Price and local A+ otherwise F	My corporate office is in Chicago and they get this rate and location for us, but not again. Is it in a great spot for a great price? Yes! Is parking free? Yes! And don't get me wrong, these are terrific ammenties and cost savers, but I travel too much for this again. If parking is that big a deal, you must have a car, so stay farther away, it will be worth it. If you don't have a car, than that 30 dollar savings means nothing to you. I have actually stayed here twice, giving it a second chance. Try staying in the main building, as I am told this is better (I don't know first hand though).If you like hot water, don't stay here as they are on some energy savings something where the heating tank doesn't turn on until 5 am and turns off around 10am or something like that (that's a total of 5 hours of hot water a day for you). I was actually told this by the maintenance guy at the hotel, as I had them come to the room to &quot;fix&quot; (it wasn't actually broken obviously) the water and poor pressure. Chicago is not the place for lukewarm water especially if it is going to only spit water at you and not soak you.The rooms are small, noisey and the beds nothing to get excited about. I would not be so rough on a hotel if I had not stayed here twice with the same results.	
Oct 26 2006 	Free parking is the highlight	The hotel is in a great location and that is the main reason we stayed there. The rooms were average at best and showed a ton of mileage. The free parking was the best part of the stay. For the money we could have stayed at a much nicer place and just paid for parking. The staff was so, so. There is a restaurant which serves a really good breakfast.	
Oct 23 2006 	Hated this hotel	This hotel was not at all what I expected. First of all the room keys became de-magnetized very easily, so each of us had to get new keys four different times. The walls in the rooms were very thin, so you could hear your neighbors very easily. Also, we could hear our upstairs neighbors whenever they walked around. I bought some ear plugs so that I could make it through my second night's stay. The beds were small and the mattresses slanted in towards the middle. The exterior and interior of the hotel looked old and not well cared for. The one nice thing was the free parking, but it didn't make up for a horrible night sleep. Comparable to staying at a Red Roof Inn, or some other 1 star motel. We stayed at a Candlewood suites hotel the night before, just a 2 star hotel, and it was so much better.	
Oct 20 2006 	Great location - nicer inside than the outside looks!	Outside of the hotel maked it look downmarket but once inside the lobby I thought it might be OK. I was right - you had to go out and across a carpark to get to the room and the corridor was bland but the room surprisingly above average. Clean, nicely furnished, a good size and bathroom small but sparkling clean.GREAT central location across from the Rainforest Cafe/Hard Rock Cafe and minutes walk to Michigan avenue.I ordered a movie from the TV and then a Chicken Caesar salad from the pizza restaurant below the lobby. It was very tasty and including a can of coke was $15.Recommend this hotel for a stay in Chicago....for sure...	
Oct 5 2006 	Took a chance 	I loved this hotel! After narrowing down my Internet search to 3 or 4 possibilities, I chose the BW River North because it included free parking (a HUGE deal!). I wasn't sure what to expect -- the last hotel I stayed at on the Gold Coast in Chicago had very small rooms -- but I was very pleased with my choice. The hotel was clean &amp; quiet, the location very convenient, our room spacious, our beds comfortable and the hotel staff friendly &amp; knowledgable. The pool &amp; workout room were nice, as well, and we got free drink coupons for the bar/lounge. And did I mention the free parking?! We were able to walk ALL OVER downtown and to easily catch the El when needed. We also liked the breakfast at the little diner kitty-corner across the intersection from the hotel. I would absolutely stay here again, and I recommend that others do so, too.	
Sep 17 2006 	Great Location for food and red line	This hotel is small and intimate. There are over 40 restaurants within walking distance including Rock 'n Roll McDonalds across the street. The double decker tours stops right at the McDonalds. There is also a 6 floor sports store on the next corner. A great destination for sports lovers. The king size bed was very comfortable and there was a lot of room to spread out in the room. Didn't try the on site restaurnat, there were too many other choices. Overall, we loved Chicago. We took the subway to the Cubs and White Sox games. Very friendly city with lots to do but not spread out too much. The city and the hotel are on my list of place to go again.	
Aug 15 2006 	A wonderful place	We were here for 4 nights last week. This is our second time there. We can't say enough nice things about this place. It is old looking but our room although small was comfortable as we were rarely there except to sleep. The beds are comfortable even though they were just doubles. The staff are great. I never encountered a crabby person. The pool is a nice break. It would be nice if they had a hot tub though after walking so much all day. The free parking is a great perk. I am impressed by the attendants and how they can park all those cars so well. We will always stay here on our trips to Chicago. It has a wonderful location, too. Near so many good restaurants.	
Aug 8 2006 	Greatest Hotel Family Friendly Free Parking	The Best Western River North is a wonderful secret. The rooms were spacious, clean, and staff was very helpful and friendly. For a mere $120.00 a night, we enjoyed a full cooked breakfast, wonderful room and free parking. I highly recommend staying here!!	
Jul 9 2006	Great Location Very Clean Nice Rooms Sundeck Nice too!	We booked in advance and got decent rates for a major summer holiday week stay. Stayed in a King Room, plenty of room to move around, beds are nice, very clean, vanity and sink are not in the same room as the shower and toilet. Toilet area is small, but vanity area is more roomy. Staff friendly and nice to us. Rooms were cleaned everyday. Coffee and fruit are available in lobby in the morning, but try the restr. in the hotel, the breakfast food there is very good. Nice little bar in hotel too. Good location, close to public transportation stops. I think it's a long walk from the hotel to places like Navy Pier and Magnificint MIle considering you'll be walking a lot when you arrive at these places. In short walking distances to lots of places to eat, in all price ranges. Free parking at hotel. An attendent is there to direct you or help you. Getting to pool can be tricky if not staying in the building that has the pool. If staying on second floor, go to 4th floor and change elevators to get to pool. Pool is big and nice, but water is a little chilly. The outside deck has a super nice view of the chicago skyline. Lots of sunshine and there is nice patio furniture on it. Great place to relax after site seeing all day. Pool attendents monitor the area. Towels are available at the pool. Also changing rooms and bathrooms for guest are in the pool/workout area. No glass allowed, so don't take bottled beverages to the pool. I recommend this hotel, very clean, good location, free parking, nice staff.	
Jul 2 2006	Very good hotel	Stayed for nine nights. Very central location, staff helpful and friendly. Rooms are basic but good size and very clean. Breakfast is good.	
Apr 24 2006	ok	Well located and clean, but very rude staff who would not provide directions, offer suggestions for dining or make a traveler feel welcome.Would not stay here again.	
Apr 5 2006	Great little hotel!	We had a great two night stay at this hotel. The free parking makes a lot of sense because if you want to take your car anywhere else downtown, you will have to pay to park there. The room was a good size, considering it's in downtown Chicago. The elevators are a little strange. There are two buildings, connected at only some of the floors, so to get to the pool can be tricky the first time. There were plenty of friendly people in the elevators who helped us out. The staff was friendly. The only negative thing was the black-out curtains didn't cover the entire window. We faced Ohio Street and the biggest McDonald's I've ever seen. Because of this, light came into the window all night making it a little hard to sleep.	
Mar 13 2006	Great Place To Stay .. Hate to say it cause it will be full next time!	We have written reviews for much 'fancier' hotels in more exotic locations. This hotel was so easy to access, has free parking, is in an excellent location down town Chicago. It is OLD, it is a MOTEL. We were upgraded to suites upon check in. Our daughter's wedding guests were staying at the River North Best Western and we had maybe 20 rooms occupied. All of us enjoyed clean, spacious rooms, friendly desk clerks, we could not have asked for a better place to stay. We walked to the &quot;Mile&quot;, we had plenty of restaurants nearby, parking is SELF, so no valet to wait on. We highly recommend this hotel and will definitely stay there again. One of the desk clerks went above and beyond to help all of our guests and she is a fantastic asset to the hotel. Michelle, thank you!	
Mar 12 2006	Downtown Hotels	We stayed at the BW River North on March 10-11 with 2 other couples. One of the couples has stayed in this hotel many times. We chose this hotel because of the price and the free parking as we didn't really plan to spend much time in the hotel. None of our rooms had hot water the first night, but a nice supply the second night. The location is average. The rooms were clean; the employees were ok. I would consider staying again.	
Feb 27 2006	Stay away from the street side	We were here for one night. The location and price are great for Chicago. The room was quite large and appeared clean. The big downside was the noise. We were on the street side on the fourth floor and several times during the night we woke up due to the street noise. Generally this was people shouting to each other (not fighting, just typical Sat. night good spirits). The heat in the room did not allow for a fan to run continously which would have drowned out most of the noise. The window did almost nothing to block it.	
Nov 21 2005	Two selling points this hotel has	This hotel has two selling points...LOCATION and FREE PARKING FOR GUESTS. It is located right in the heart of downtown Chicago, and we were able to walk to several areas of interest and MANY restaurant choices. Combine that with the free parking for guests, and you have good reason to stay here. Aside from that...the room was small, the view was poor (granted, we were in the back of the hotel), the pool area was cold with no hot tub, and there is no complementary breakfast (only room service).	
Nov 13 2005	Good Deal	Good for - Value, location, employees, parking, clean.Basically a straight forward hotel - no frills or real fancy stuff. Very happy overall.	
Nov 5 2005	horrible experience	We went to chicago for a mini vacation. I had seen on all the internet sites that this hotel had the greatest reviews. We checked in on tuesday october 11th, 2005. We stayed out late that night. Got up the next day and worked out and ate breakfast in the restaurant. At the end of our breakfast we payed cash and when she brought the change back she gave us a 10 dollar bill. Did she really expect a 10 dollar tip? We asked for change and she brought back two fives. To me, that is just rude. but we blew it off and went up stairs to our room. We were going to take a nap before we had to get ready for our plans that night. It wasn't 5 minutes that there is hammering in the room above us. Come to find out there remodeling. new carpet. Then 10 minutes after that a jack hammer starts up right under our room! I called the desk and ask if this is going to go on our whole stay. they say yes. But its only from 10am-4pm. only! i'm on vacation and i want to take a nap! i think they should let there guests know when they make the reservation that they are under construction and what times it will be loud. We found a wonderful comfort inn a block in a half away that was so much nicer and quiet. and the bellman there was so helpful. My husband said he will never stay at another best western ever again.	
Oct 26 2005 	Excellent location	I agree with most of the reviews, the location was just excellent only 10mins walk from Magnificent Mile. Rooms were relatively clean, quite spacious and good value. There is only one waitress in the Breakfast room and is quite stressed as a result, don't attempt to tell her that she got your order wrong! Carpets in the third floor were being updated while we were there. Overall, I would stay there again.	
Oct 8 2005	bw river north awsome	Stayed 2-nights service personel friendly, room upgrade was great, location was great, will stay here again	
Sep 19 2005	Great value for the money!	This is the first review we have ever written, but we felt motivated since the friendly service, great location, cleanliness and price at the BW River North are worth a mention. Where can you get a good-sized room with double beds, a few blocks from the Miracle Mile for $107!	
Jul 19 2005	Sweated like a pig	I agree with most of the other reviews, but one big caveat, the elevator to the wing we were assigned was not working. We had to take the other elevator to the 4th floor and then hoof it over and up to the 5th. Not a problem, except when you are loaded up with luggage on your way in or out. One of the desk clerks was very surly, she wore a button that said, &quot;Too blessed to be stressed.&quot; She gave her stress to others! We were offered a room on another floor, but it was a smoking room (no way!). I expected a discount, but I guess here in Chicago that's not an option.One other item, the carpet in the hallways looks like it was once a part of the stockyards Upton Sinclair made famous - don't go barefoot!	
Jun 14 2005	Nice Clean Hotel	The location of the hotel was very central, within 10 min. walking of the Magnificent Mile. The rooms were very large and very clean. The staff were very friendly and helpful. All in all a very nice hotel that I would definatly recommend anyone to stay in.	
Jun 7 2005 	Great view of McDonalds	I agree with most of the reviews. Very simple accommodations, you get what you pay for. My room was plain, relatively clean, however the carpets are obviously old with stains, etc. The TVs are also old and the image is not good. The breakfast in the restaurant is very simple, service is bad but there was only one waitress working each day I was there. The location is good.	
May 25 2005 	Okay for price and location; Some Oddities	I liked the decor in the rooms - an attempt to look hip and modern, but it's simple. Room size okay, bathrooms fine, good desk area. Bed was comfortable. Location is great - within walking distance of the Magnificent Mile and close to some nice night spots. But there were some funny characteristics: You have to drag your luggage up some steps to get it in the reception area. The key didn't work well for the building entry or room, I had to slide it in ten times before the green light went on. The big screen TV is right next to the side of the bed, the picture was dark on most channels, the remote didn't work to turn on and off, but worked for channel and volume. And every night, someone was yelling outside the hotel at 3 a.m. It didn't bother me that much, but it bothered the co-worker whose room was above the street. The front desk people didn't seem to know things I thought they should know about. I used the concierge down the street at the Embassy Suites. But I thought it was fine if you get a good rate and don't plan to stay in your room much.	
Apr 17 2005	Nice hotel pity about the neighbors	The Hotel itself is really quite nice. Huge rooms, tastefully decorated, everything you need. Staff were friendly. Overall, no complaints at all about the hotel.However there is now the mother of all McDonalds across the street. The street is loud enough, but now that that place is there you have constant traffic noise, people yelling, loud car sound systems booming away. Thankfully I thought to pack ear plugs, because without them, sleep would not be an option. To be fair, my room was on the Ohio St side, so it might be worth making sure you have a room across on the other side.	
Mar 18 2005	Impressive	The newly renovated hotel is not only a great deal but impressive as well. The rooms are larger than the usual standard big city hotel room for a very reasonable rate. Hotel is clean, staff is friendly and is located in the entertainment area of the city. Not difficult to get anywhere from here either walking, cab, bus or getting to the &quot;L&quot;. Nice restaurant/bar located in hotel with variety of dishes to choose from. Staff there very friendly as well. Hotel has a pool, very clean. This was our second stay at this hotel and once again we were very pleased. Give it a try!	
Mar 16 2005	Great place for families	I have stayed in this hotel twice. Once with my kids (8/2003) and once with my husband, kids and cousin with her family (8/2004). The rooms are nice and staff is helpful. The location is great with the subway and free tourist bus nearby plus several good restaurants. Having a pool and an outdoor deck are definitely a plus. Also, probably the only hotel downtown with free parking!	
Jan 26 2005 	Friendly Comfortable and Convenient	We have stayed at the River North 4 or 5 times. On 3 other occasions, we have had to stay at other hotels in the area, when we couldn't get reservations, but much prefer River North. It is not glitz, but comfortable and convenient. Parking is more convenient than other nearby hotels, right outside the door. We have always found the staff friendly and helpful. Of course, we try to treat them with respect also.	
Nov 25 2004 	Support staff is what makes this hotel	Have stayed at this hotel twice now for business. Both times I asked if I could check in extremely (6-7am) or if I needed to reserve the room for the night before. BOTH TIMES told I would be fine with early check in, even after explaining what happened the first time. (No room available, had to wait 5 hours before room became available, because they had rented my early check in room)Once finally in a room, (both times) the support staff went above and beyond the call. Housekeeping does a white glove job, and is always happy to supply any extra coffee or pillows for in the room. The parking attendants know where everything is and how to get there the easiest way. Their personality is great. (read the other reviews and see how many times they get mentioned.)The one member of the support staff that will always get mention from me is the hotel bartender Walied. (sorry if I spelled it wrong). Walied remembers everyone and what their drinks are, even if it has been a year since you were there last. He is pleasant, kind, generous, and goes so far above and beyond in his customer service. He makes great drinks too. The biggest drawback of this hotel is the front desk staff. There is an obvious lack of communication between shifts, between desk clerks and management, and certainly between reservations and customers.Once you finally get into a room, River North is an OK hotel.	
Oct 6 2004	Okay just Okay.....	Stayed at the BW ONE night the last week of Sept. 2004 for business travel. Don't let the modern lobby fool you! I got to stay in the &quot;suite&quot; with the living area and bed. It is the bare bones minimun. And for 250.00 per night, I have stayed in much, much better hotels! The furniture looked so stained that I did not EVEN sit on it. However, the rest of the room appeared clean and I had a good nights sleep. I checked out earlier than my reservations, because I figured I could get a better room on the Mag Mile. The hotel is a good walk from the Mag Mile. I suceeded and was overjoyed to leave and move to the Crowne Plaza which was luxurious and only 9 bucks more! The bathroom was small and had a constant leak.	
Aug 23 2004	Customer Service and Courtesy lacking at BW (Beyond Worst) Hotel	After a 10 hour train ride, I called the Hotel and asked if they had a vacancy, I was assured they did.Upon arriving at the hotel I was told they did'nt except cash, I was willing to leave a credit card imprint for incidentcial, however my room I wanted to pay for in cash. That is my prefered method of payment! I was told in a rude way that &quot;walk-ins&quot; always must pay with a credit card. Even after I told them that I was a Gold Crown member, I was just brushed off and told that was hotel policy.Well guess what BW my policy is that I will never stay in another one of your hotels EVER!!!!!	
Aug 18 2004	wonderful 2 day getaway	My husband and I had the pleasure of staying in this hotel for two nights (aug 15 and 16). I could not have been more impressed with this Best Western. This was the only hotel I found in downtown Chicago that offered FREE parking to their guests with in/out privileges. All the other hotels you had to pay anywhere from 25 - 35 dollars a day. This Best Western had its own restaurant unfortunately we never tried the food because there were sooo many other restaurants and clubs within walking distance. The rock n roll mcdonalds has been torn down but the Rainforest Cafe, Portillios, ESPN zone, House of Blues and Weber's Grill are all one to two blocks away from the hotel. I could go on about the restaurants but the choices are endless. If you have on the right shoes you can walk to the new Millenium Park (15 mins) and also to Navy Pier (20 mins) and all the shops on Michigan Ave from the hotel. There is a free trolley stop about two blocks from the hotel but they were always crowded so we decided to walk everywhere. We were walking around downtown Sunday night around 11 and the city was still alive. We never once complained about the walking because there were sights to see on every block. Never a dull moment. We were very impressed with our stay and will return soon. The parking attendent named Wallace was very knowlegable of the area and had no problem giving us detailed walking directions (map included). Bottom line great hotel, great location and excellent parking attendant.	
Aug 11 2004	Our Home Away from Home	After a harrowing experience flying into Chicago, my husband and I were relieved to arrive at the Best Western River North, our &quot;home away from home.&quot; The privacy and security afforded to guests at this hotel is incredible for the price, and the rooms are spacious and comfortable. It's easy to feel at home in what barely feels like a hotel at all.The BW River North is perfectly situated in a thriving retail and dining neighborhood, a stone's throw away from such eateries as Portillo's, the Hard Rock Cafe, Fogo de Chao and Gino's East. I can easily pick up anything I forgot at home for a reasonable price at the Walgreen's a couple of blocks away, too. And the shops and businesses of Michigan Avenue are all in a short walk's distance.	
Jun 15 2004	Great place	I stayed here 6/10 - 6/13. We had 6 rooms in total. Everyone happy with hotel. Hotel clean, beds and pillows ultra-comfortable, staff polite and helpful, restaurant/bar good with good service, and location is definitely a BIG plus! No complaints at all - would definitely stay again.	
Jun 14 2004	Good Value + Free Parking		
Apr 14 2004	Great value for the money!		
Apr 8 2004	OK But Expected More		
Dec 29 2003	Hmm not sure about this one...		
Nov 24 2003	Very clean but skimpy amenities		
Sep 17 2003	Clean but Small		
Sep 8 2003	Cub's trip		
Aug 11 2003	Good Deal		
Jun 28 2003	Great Location		
Mar 30 2003	Nice Hotel Nice Staff		
Jul 19 2008 	Ottima posizione		
May 26 2008 	Zimmer nicht wie beschrieben		
