Nov 15 2009 	Good Location	Stayed here this weekend with my family. Had 4 King Studios and 1 Double Suite. It was great for the 10 of us. Each King had a small refrigerator, microwave and wet bar. The beds were wonderful. All commented on how comfortable they were. Liked the linens - white down. Had flat screen tvs, analog, which was kind of wierd but then we barely were in the rooms so it was no big deal. The rooms, halls and breakfast area was immaculate. I didn't use the exercise room but 5 others did and had no complaints. The breakfast was free - eggs, sausages, hash browns, muffins, breads, pastry, cereal, fruit, coffee and juice. Not like an upscale hotel but certainly good value. Also free wi-fi which most Hiltons don't give you so it is a nice plus. There is also a business center if you didn't bring your laptop. The front desk, particularly, the concierge-type person was very helpful. Parking is outrageous like all of Chicago. This was $42/day but you did get in and out service if you wanted it. Yes, some of the wood furniture is slightly worn but it is really no big deal. We paid $169 plus tax so not bad. The double suite was huge. It had a full kitchen - full size refrigerator, 2 burner stove top, sink, microwave, dishes, silverware,glasses and pots and pans. Had pull out sofa, desk with chair, 2 oversize stuffed chairs and 2 regular dining chairs so there was plenty of room for the 10 of us. It was our party room.The location is very good, especially if you are young. We are not but still there was plenty of places to eat and clubs all over. Taxi's were easy to catch or you can walk. It is on the corner of Dearborn and Illinois so you are only a couple of blocks from Michigan Ave.Also, yes you are close to the fire station but it is no big deal. The place also has room service and the Rosebud Trattoria is attached. We didn't eat there but if you want convenience it is there.I highly recommend it if you are looking for good value and location.	
Nov 13 2009 	great location except for fire station	My husband and I with two boys under 6 stayed in a one bedroom corner suite for 6 nights and enjoyed our stay. Unfortunately our room was directly opposite the Fire Station - however, the was seen as a total bonus to my boys who camped at the window the whole time watching and listening to the big red engines! It certainly didn't assist with over coming jet lag when woken up by a siren at 4am...however, the room coped with our family of 4 very well and the kitchen was very handy. The seperate lounge room gave us enough room to spread out. The breakfast was better than I've had on some other US trips (there was actually hot food and not just doughnuts) but the use of disposable crockery and cuttlery was very disturbing - way too much waste and using a plastic knife is never satisfactory. The hotel is in the middle of the restaurant district and an easy walk to everything else. We will definitely stay there again.	
Nov 6 2009 	Skip this hotel until they renovate...	I checked in and after seeing the room and hearing sirens from the fire station next door, checked back out and found another hotel. The room was spacious, but was in serious need of renovation. The furniture was worn, chipped and stained. The ceiling had a large water stain. The bathroom was really shabby, peeling wall paper, stains on the countertop and mirror. The only things in the room that appeared new were the bed and flat screen t.v. The manager said they will be renovating soon - I would skip this hotel until that happens. Unfortunately they cannot do anything about the proximity to the fire station, so if you are a light sleeper, you might want to avoid this one completely.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Place - Shame about the Fire Station	Nice hotel, friendly service and great breakfast service. It's really close to the fire station so there was quite a bit of noise from the sirens. But the front desk does have ear plugs, would stay agian.	
Sep 21 2009 	Glad I choose this Hotel	My husband and I stayed here one night. We arrived in town much earlier than our check-in time. I had called ahead to ask the front desk if we may leave our luggage until check in time, and was told it would not be a problem. Upon arriving at the hotel, they let us check in ! Much earlier than check in time! We were thrilled. Our room was very spacious, and clean. The FREE breakfast is very good ! The staff in the dining area were very pleasant,and it was well stocked even when it got busy. we will plan to stay again when we return to Chicago, we love this town !	
Sep 13 2009 	One incident is enough to make an unpleasent stay	We choose this hotels from a combination of location and price. The first impression was that it was an OK match between price and quality, without being impressed in any way. But the receptionist made this a very unpleasant experience when we checked out. The previous day my wife had just left her nightgown on the bed, and it was gone when we returned to the room at night. Next morning when checking out, we ask the receptionist if he could help us locate it. By telling us that it was impossible that it could dissapear from the room, he only called housekeeping to check if it was found, as we kept on insisting. It took him less that two seconds on the phone to verify that it wasn't. We tried to call the hotel a few days later to hear if it was been found, but felt we got the same attitude. Not a pleasant experience.	
Sep 8 2009	Great value excellent location includes a nice breakfast!	My husband, adult daughter and I stayed here for three nights in room 1003. It was spacious (compared to some hotels in the city), extremely clean, and well-appointed. The location was perfect for us, close to transportation, good restaurants, and shopping!! The breakfast was plentiful, and included something for everyone. The pool, while small, had a nice sun deck and whirlpool. The front desk staff and concierge were very helpful. My only complaint (and I informed management) was that the maid was cleaning our room, the door was open, and I went back to get something that I forgot. She asked me if it was my room, and when I said &quot;yes&quot; she let me in without me proving that. The housekeeping staff should provide more room security for their guests. We enjoyed our stay, and will use this hotel again for future visits.	
Aug 21 2009 	Nothing great but ok	The location was good for us - close to Michigan Avenue, shopping, Rainforest Cafe, cool two-story McDonald's. There is a firestation across the street but that didn't actually turn out to be significant during the night. The hotel was a bit shabbier than I expected. My only gripe was that the breakfast (free) was poorly managed and there were long periods with no coffee or milk. There was a person staffing and restocking but she didn't seem to be much planning ahead or plan ahead or have any motivation to move faster. The food was ok but not great.	
Aug 12 2009 	Nothing special but nothing bad either	good location in North Michigan. Go early to breakfast as it gets hugely busy! Across the street from the fire station, so it can get very noisy at any time of the day or night.	
Jul 28 2009 	Would definitely stay again!	My husband, brother, 14 year old daughter, and myself stayed here from July 13 to July 17, 2009. We stayed in room 1029. We had a wonderful stay. The staff are extremely friendly and helpful. When we left on our outings each morning, the concierge made sure we knew where we were going. The location is perfect, central to everything. For example, when walking, we were about 25 minutes to Navy Pier and 15 minutes to the John Hancock Observatory. We had a 2 room suite. The kitchenette had everything needed for cooking (if desired). The beds were extremely comfortable. My brother said the pull out couch bed was comfortable as well. We could hear the fire engines occasionally, but it didn't bother us. There was plenty to eat each morning for breakfast, there were eggs and baocn or sausage, cereals, breads, bagels, and muffins, lots to choose from. The subway was close by as well, which made it easier to get to Wrigley Field.We would deifinitely stay here again.We can't say anything negative about the hotel!	
Jul 27 2009 	15 Days At Hampton	I was there in Hampton for 15 Odd days.The place is nice except the fact that it rub it's shoulders with a fire station.It sometimes become annoying listening to those alarm sounds again and again. The staff was very helpful.The complimentary breakfast is good but they don't change their menu very often so i was quite bored eating the same stuff daily.As for the amenties the Internet room is good but speed is very slow.The pool area is well maintained but gym lacks quite a few essential equipments.One thing which I figured out was that one has to wait a lot(5-7 mins) for the lift &amp; moreover it is sometimes shared by the hotel cleaning staff etc, so it's becomes quite messy sometimes.Overall experience was good.	
Jul 25 2009 	Great location but very noisy	I would only recommend this hotel if you are a very heavy sleeper. My teenage children slept through all the sirens and honking from the fire engines and ambulances from the station across the street, but I always heard them leaving and returning throughout the night. The front desk will supply you with ear plugs, but that didn't make a difference.As for the room - we ended having a closet door removed because of a broken mirror. There were black scuff marks on the wall paper and the covers on the baseboard heaters were bent out of shape in several areas. We had a corner suite with a kitchen, full size fridge, dining area, microwave, 2 cooking units with dishes and utensils and a few cooking supplies. There was a flat screen TV in the living area and bedroom. It was a very large suite considering we were in the middle of downtown Chicago.Breakfast in the morning was ok. Lots of bagels, toast, muffins, juice, fruit, coffee and tea. I don't recommend the perfectly shaped round rubber eggs nor the biscuit.The staff were very friendly and helpful. 30 - 40 min. walking distance to Millenium Pk, Navy Pier and Water Tower Place.	
Jul 20 2009 	Suite at the Hampton was a sweet way to stay.	We found a discouted rate at this hotel and really got a great rate on one of the suites. It was nice to have space in a city hotel. Sometimes you can spend so much for such a little room. One of the nicer touches is having a bedroom that you can close off from the rest of the room. Even though we had the room to ourselves, it was nice to feel like we had some addtional privacy. Also in a great locale to do some walking around Chicago on a nice summer day.	
Jul 5 2009 	Mediocre in every way	We stayed recently for 2 nights at this property and returned very surprised to see it reviewed so positively on TripAdvisor - perhaps it says more about the lack of moderately priced properties in River North than the actual quality and value offered by this hotel.Our first impressions here were negative. The front desk staff is about what you'd expect for a 2-star property: disengaged and not particularly welcoming. After receiving our room keys, we endured a very lengthy wait for the elevators. There are three elevators, but one is a service elevator and guest must compete with the maids and other hotel staff for its use. When the property has high occupancy, plan on waiting as much as 5 minutes to go up or down, especially in the morning and early evening hours.The rooms meet expectations for a 2-star property. They were clean, with spacious bathrooms and beds that were adequate. What didn't meet expectations was the fact the hotel overlooks a fire house - be prepared to wake up at least once, and likely more than once, every night. Other facilities look better on paper than in reality. There are four computer stations for free guest use, but the speed of the internet access was comparable to dial-up. There is a &quot;fitness room&quot; that consists of six pieces of equipment: 2 treadmills, a low-end elliptical, a recumbent exercise bike, a leg extension machine and a bench press machine that was out of order during our stay.Guests seemed to enjoy the free breakfast. I thought the continental breakfast was solid, but the &quot;hot&quot; portion included only 2 entrees - waffles and sausage on the day we visisted.The bell staff is very helpful - and more than happy to park your car for a typical downtown Chicago rate.All in all, I'd rather walk further and pay more at another hotel than stay here again. The free breakfast, swimming pool, computer room and location might make it worthwhile for parents with infants and small childreen, since they're already used to being awakened at all hours of the night.	
Jul 5 2009 	Taste of Chicago	The hotel staff were very friendly and competent . The hotel is clean and our room was fine. The location of the hotel is good, it's about a 2 block walk to the red line subway. Breakfast is served from 6-10AM. The breakfast bar is very popular with families. If you plan to eat after 8AM be prepared to deal with a swarm of children.	
Jun 25 2009 	Great location great rooms good breakfast and great price	Fantastic - rooms large, clean; beds comfortable; tv appropriate size for distance between screen and bed.great decor, evocative of arts and craft architecture - nice little touches such as fresh apples in bowls in lobbyfriendly and helpful staff - gave very good directions near to almost everything - can walk to Field Museum, short taxi ride to Wrigley Fieldcomplementary breakfast provided varied choices including hot scrambled eggs - well stocked with toast, buns, danish and other breakfast foodswould stay there again	
Jun 15 2009 	Great Great Great...I can't say enough good things!	This was one of the best experiences we've ever had on a vacation. The room was wonderful! It was a true two-room suite, complete with full-size refrigerator, stove, and microwave. It was very spacious and provided plenty of room for the four of us. The flat screen tv's and very comfortable beds were added bonuses. It was ideally located in the restaurant district of Chicago, and there were many great restaurants within walking distance. The Navy Pier and Magnificent Mile were also within walking distance. The Museum Campus and other locations (Lincoln Park, Hyde Park, Wrigley Field) were farther out, but we paid for a multi-day ticket on the double decker trolley with hop-on/hop-off which took us to those areas as well as providing a great tour of the downtown architecture. The only negative was the parking, which is valet only and very expensive. A friend of ours had warned us about parking fees at downtown hotels and recommended finding our own place to park, but we chose to use the hotel parking for the convenience since we did not have a clue about Chicago. The valets were very nice and helpful. Even the close proximity to the fire station (which other reviews warned us about) was not a problem during our stay.	
Jun 4 2009 	Practically Perfect	1. Free parking. Paid 171 for double bed suite and free parking - fabulous. We had a separate bedroom, bathroom, kitchen with microwave, stove, dishwasher, fridge, 2 flat screen tvs, and a living room. 2. Location. located between State and Dearborn, it's a couple blocks to Weber Grill, Trader Joes, Michigan Ave, Rush St, Chicago Theatre. It's right in the center of everything. We saw a show at the Cadillac and it took us maybe 10 minutes leisurely walking. 3. Customer Service. The same girl that checked us in was the same girl setting up breakfast. 4. Great, free breakfast. Rolls, bread, juice, coffee, hot chocolate, milk, cereal, oatmeal, eggs, sausage, biscuits. The room is set up nice and was not crowded. In addition, we ordered midnight pizza. A security guard brought the pizza guy to our room. That is a nice, added touch of concern for your hotel.	
May 31 2009 	friendly hotel in a friendly town	I stayed her for two night during a business trip. The staff of both the hotel and the Italian attached are super friendly. The rooms are clean and the pool area is also very clean. I was disapointed with the fitness room and I am always miffed at hotel putting Saunas on a timer. By the time the thing has warmed up, you dont have time to use it!!!!!The rooms were very good also. The only down side is that the fire station is right next to the hotel so during the day you hear the sirens very loudly. Thankfuly I didnt hear them at all duiring the night though and thats what counts. I would definately stay here again.If your put off by the $42 a night parking, try one of the car parks next to the hotel ,they are much cheaper.	
May 24 2009 	Perfect for a family	My daughter-in-law had a conference at the Marriott. I came along to watch my six month granddaughter. We had a one bedroom suite and used every inch of bothrooms. Our room had a kitchen, living room and bedroom with two double beds. There was lots of room for the port-a-crib in the bedroom plus luggage. We used the refrigerator to store the baby food and breast milk. We used the microwave to heat the baby food. We had take out food for dinner the first night and used the dining table. There was plenty of room for the baby to play on the living room floor. We had free wireless for our two laptops. The breakfast was substantial. There were many restuarant choices within walking distance. There was valet parking which made life easy with all the baby stuff.The only complaint is the room was worn. Dried stuff was on the wall. The appliances were old and the kitchen area needed work. Frayed carpet in the bathroom. Right next to the firestation so heard sirens. Highly recommend the Lincoln Park Zoo which was 5-10 minutes away by car. The hotel was easy to get to by car.	
May 22 2009 	Excellent hotel right in downtown Chicago	I really liked this hotel and it was one of the cheaper alternatives! Chicago hotels really are at a premium I found. This one was comfortable, very central with big rooms and helpful staff. You're right in the Near North area which is full of good restaurants and bars. I recommend the nearby Mexican place, Frontera Grill. One issue though is the fire station next door. It didn't keep me awake but I can see how it would disturb some people. Reception give out free earplugs if you want them though! Breakfast was simple but decent enough, and free so even better.	
May 15 2009 	Great value nice but noisy	We stayed three nights in a “large corner suite”. These suites a very spacious with a large bedroom with separate sink, large bathroom (with two entrances), living room area with a decent pullout coach, full kitchen and a dining area. We had ample of space for a family of four. Although the room was clean it showed signs of wear. Baseboard heater covers falling off, tiles and walls at foot level damaged, and a garbage disposal that was very out of balance and was loud as a jackhammer. The hotel was very nice and clean and has a friendly staff. The facilities are nice and the breakfast was decent. The location was great and centrally located. Considering Chicago hotel prices, for the price we paid it was a good value.Many reviews of this hotel mention the fire station noise. It is true, but the numbers of calls vary per night, and when they did leave the station they moved quickly and the siren noise faded fast. We did use earplugs and this did help. My heavy sleeping son slept on the couch next to the window nearest the fire station and he did not wake once. NOTE: All corner suites are located across from the fire station. Other categories of rooms have some locations on the opposite of the building.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great place to stay	Couldn't have asked for a better, more courteous, helpful staff. Were there for a week. Everything was great!	
Apr 27 2009 	the bad and very ugly	We decided to take a few day long trip to Chicago over Easter break. We decided on the Hampton Inn since the prices were good. We arrived and got our room......That night, we put our kids to bed on the sofa bed. It was so bent that they were rolling into the middle. Our bed was okay but a bit on the hard side. Thank God we brought the air bed. The &quot;breakfast&quot; was good enough for a continental breakfast. The noise.....PEOPLE....listen to the reviews. Hampton Inn is literally 2 doors down from the Chicago Fire dept. While they do offer ear plugs, does it really help? The day we left, I snagged a luggage cart. We would be leaving in a short while. Little did I know that the hotel ONLY has 2 luggage carts. THAT IS IT......2. The doorman yelled at me for taking the cart hostage for what he said was 2 hrs....NOT. I did not have the cart for 2 hrs. So,I guess we will NOT be staying there again.	
Apr 4 2009 	Great location nice hotel fair price	Clean rooms, pleasant staff, good rates, great location downtown...what else can you ask for other than reasonable parking rates, and everywhere downtown costs a bundle. We enjoyed our stay.	
Mar 23 2009 	Great service 	Nice hotel. We had great service from the valet parking and front desk. Room was clean and everything in order. Good breakfast in the AM. Overall a good experience.	
Mar 14 2009 	Great Location and good standards	The location of this Hampton Inn is very convenient. Upon check in the staff were very friendly and helpful. The lobby was very nice and of a high quality standard. The hallway to the room did look a little dated but the room was very spacious, and decorated and furbished to a high standard for a city centre hotel. All of the staff we came into contact with were great and very hospitable. Great value, great staff, would definitely stay again.	
Mar 8 2009 	Don't plan on getting any sleep... Heaven help if you want to wash clothes!!!	I've stayed in this hotel several times, and I have to say that things are getting pretty bad. We dealt with maids not observing the &quot;do not disturb sign&quot; early in the morning, fire trucks blairing all hours of the night, and teenage kids in the hallways screaming and slamming doors.I'm not generally very picky when it comes to hotels. I want a clean room and sound sleep. You'll only get one of the two at this property.Also, the clothes washing situation is deplorable. There are two washers and two dryers for the whole hotel. They each require $1.50 to operate plus $1.50 for detergent. That's $4.50 per load of clothes... ALL IN QUARTERS!!! The front desk didn't have quarters, so I went to the bar -- no quarters. I walked down to the Seven11, Subway, another Seven11, and down two city blocks looking for quarters. It was absolutely ridiculous. It takes 18 quarters to do a load, and I had two loads to wash! The hotel staff couldn't have cared less. All this to say, I definitely would NOT stay in this hotel again. There are plenty of other options in Chicago.	
Dec 31 2008 	Great Hotel but...an advice about travellers wanting to sleep in.	To be honest I've never stayed at the Hampton Inn Suites i've opted for 4 star hotels but I was surprised upon checking and seeing the room. The rooms are very clean, very comfortable beds, makes you want to sleep in but I'll tell you about that later. Very friendly staff at the desk and hotel staff, nice amenities shopping all around. I was on this trip for a 3 day NewYears Eve get away with friends. If you stay out all night and pull an allnighter, good luck trying to sleep in. Aside this hotel being downtown, which is understandable for the noise. The yelling and screaming of kids in adjacent rooms or hallway is terrible. Great rates but I advise if you don't mind the running and bumping of kids in adjacent room this hotel is great. Other than that a different hotel or move to a different room is advisable.	
Dec 10 2008 	If you need to be near Michigan Ave a good choice	We spent one night at the Hampton Inn in downtown Chicago with family and friends. This was mostly a shopping and dining trip, so the location was great. A few blocks from Michigan Ave and a lot of good dining choices in within 3-4 blocks. The hotel staff was efficient and pleasant at check in, check out and all requests in between. Our double bed room on the sixth floor was okay. The size of the room was average and it a refresh of the decorations would be nice, but it was clean. The beds were soft, maybe a little too soft, and a little small, but adequate. The 37&quot; flat screen TV was a nice touch, although the remote was touchy.The bathroom was bright white and large. The fixtures and plumbing were again, a little dated, but functioned just fine.The room rate included a continental breakfast. As this was a weekend morning it was very busy and the staff had a hard time keeping up with the popular food choices, which were the eggs and sausage. Otherwise a good selection of hot and cold foods for this type of spread.Overall, the hotel is fine, in a good location if you need to be near Michigan Ave. The rate for the room was no great bargain. We would stay there again.	
Dec 5 2008 	It's a Nice Hampton Inn	Husband &amp; I come to Chicago every Thanksgiving week. We've stayed numerous places throughout the years. And, the Hampton is a very nice hotel. It was a milestone birthday for me so I asked for a room - highest floor -- and we ended up w/ a large corner suite due to having HiltonHonor Cards. Had separate bedroom and full kitchen w/ a bar. Work area and sitting area. It was really spacious. Also Rm. 1230 looked out on the Trump Tower which is almost complete. Didn't use the onsite restaurant but it looked nice and reasonable. The Free Breakfast was efficiently handled. Robust Coffee was great! Location was perfect w/ lots of restaurants and shopping w/in a few blocks. We always hit Boston Blackies on Grand and Giordano's up on Rush St. Staff at the hotel were always pleasant. Room was ready when we got there and check out was a breeze.	
Dec 4 2008 	Great stay!	My family and I were in Chicago for Thanksgiving and stayed at the Hampton Inn and Suites Downtown. We can't say enough good things about our visit there. The hotel staff was helpful and gracious, the decor was tasteful and soothing and the suite was spacious and immaculately clean. The location was convenient, close to the Miracle Mile as well as all forms of public transportation and restaurants. We would stay there again in a heartbeat!	
Nov 6 2008 	Unfriendly Staff	THE STAFF WAS VERY UNFRIENDLY. Room was supposed to be available at 3 p.m. but we could not get into ours until 5 p.m. AND it was not the room we reserved because our room supposedly had an odor that the previous traveler left behind from cooking something in the kitchenette! Gross. Also, found several hairs in the bathroom. How gross is that?! Would not recommend this hotel to anyone....not even my worst enemy.	
Nov 2 2008 	Great stay	Very nice hotel. Great location, directly in downtown. Continental breakfast was ok. I can definitely recommend this hotel.	
Oct 29 2008 	loved the stay	It took a while to decide on the hotel in Chicago downtown. There's plenty to pick from. I've stayed at Hampton before, so I decided to give them another shot. I've checked their price on their website and a couple others, then I went on to a search engine and looked for discounts for Hampton. To my surprise i found several offers that were not mentioned on the hotel's site. The best offer was for the sports package. i didn't need a AAA membership or to be in the military and the price was less than anything else I could find. I used the code on the hotel's site and made the reservation. When I checked into my hotel 1 hour early i was very pleasantly surprised. But the biggest surprise was the suite. It was a 2 room suite with large windows, kitchen with a full size fridge and a stove. This exceeded any expectations. I had a great time visiting Chicago and since I was out late on Saturday night they allowed a late check-out on Sunday at 2pm. There was a mentioning of the fire station next to the hotel and i was offered free ear plugs, but did not need them. would stay at this hotel again for sure. the staff was very friendly and helpful. the hotel was very clean.	
Oct 18 2008 	very good!!!	We just had a great time in chicago. We have been there several times and never stayed downtown. It was great. We got the blue man group package. It included two tickets to the show,a suite, transportation to and from and free valet. Hotel staff was plesant,room was exceptional,the show was good. Our driver was excellent as well.Also in this package we got dinner for there on site resturant Ballos. It was great italain food. would def reccomend this and do it again. We walked downtown no problems. there is a fire station next door and its loud but your downtown,expect it. We slept fine... Thanks	
Sep 4 2008 	Great room	Great room - plenty of space, clean &amp; comfy. Hotel staff was very friendly. Good location. Only drawback was the fire station across the street - a little noisy. Would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 19 2008 	Ideally situated	We visited the hotel on 14th Aug - 18th Aug 2008. We were in room 1206 and we can honestly say that it was a nice hotel. We didn't hear any noise from a fire station which was close by. The staff were courteous and the breakfast adequate. We were hardly disturbed by any noise from the fire station. But hey what do you expect if you pick a hotel downtown. Michigan Avenue was within a couple of minutes walk, with Navy Pier only 20mins walk. A good central location to stay and if I returned to Chicago somewhere I would consider again.	
Aug 19 2008 	What More Could You Ask For?	We live in paradise (Hawaii) but decided to get married on 8/8/08 in the Windy City. However, it wasn't windy; we were told the we just missed a huge tunder storm the week before. But Chicago was good to us and the day was absolutely gorgeous!The Hampton Inn &amp; Suties Downtown Chicago was perfect.! Great location. Great staff. Great FREE breakfast. Room was more than ample. For the price - one can't go wrong. We would recommend it in a minute. Thanks Chicago, for what is sure to be a memorable wedding.	
Aug 15 2008	Sreet Noise Is A Problem	I agree with many of the other posters. The hotel is very nice, and the staff tries to be very accommodating, but one feature over which they have no control is the noise--not only from the fire station right across the street, but the general street noise. The latter may be a problem in many Chicago hotels that are adjacent to a major street, but it is certainly a problem here, accentuated by the fire station. We had to leave the hotel, and they were very pleasant and understanding of that. If this is ok for you, then a good point of their location is their proximity to Lou Malnoti, a Chicago icon for deep dish pizza--not just for tourists, but for locals. It is delicious, famous for their corn meal crust; located a short walk away from the hotel.	
Aug 15 2008 	GREAT location beware of fire station	We live in the suburbs of Chicago and decided to take a &quot;family vacation weekend&quot; in the city. As with most weekends anywhere, especially in Chicago, it can be hit or miss on finding a nice, last minute hotel room to accommodate a family. Fortunately, Hampton Suites had a suite available.We were pleasantly surprised with the suite and amenities - full kitchen, spacious enough to accomodate a family of 4, indoor pool, free continental breakfast and extremely clean. The staff were top-notch and professional. If you are looking for a hotel centralized in the Near North area of the city, the location is as good as any.Unfortunately, the BIG drawback that everyone needs to take into consideration is the hotel's proximity to the fire station. The station is literally 50 steps from the lobby of the hotel. Our kids are two of the soundest sleepers this side of the moon. They were both awakened at various times throughout the night. It should be noted that this fire station is one of the most active in the entire city of Chicago, which doesn't lend itself to quiet, uninterrupted sleep. Our best recommendation is to ask for a hotel room on the southeast portion of the hotel as the fire station sits across the street from the northwest corner of the hotel.	
Aug 5 2008 	beware of the firehall!	We just returned from a 5 night stay at the Hampton Inn. The suite was very large and roomy. Location handy to everything. Staff were courteous and helpful. Continental breakfast the usual. The only con was that we were located across from a firehall. This was very annoying and I'm a sound sleeper! I asked to be moved to a room further away from the firehall but nothing was available. My experience leads me to not recommend this hotel unless you bring ear plugs!	
Jul 18 2008 	A Hidden Treasure!	We just returned from ten days traveling around the midwest and especially enjoyed our stay at the Hampton Inn and Suites - Downtown, Chicago. Compared to surrounding hotels, this hotel offered great value for the price. Some of the amenities included an indoor pool for the kids and indoor hot tub for adults with an adjoining outdoor deck on the hotel's second floor. There was a fitness room and business center, which we didn't use, but we did enjoy the free hot breakfast every day. The offerings changed from day to day, but included things like ham, sausage, eggs with cheese and ham, along with the usual cereal, hot cereal, bagels, toast, and warm biscuits (which my daughter loved!) Especially nice was the proximity to so much of downtown Chicago. We never took our car out of valet parking. (Incidentally, valet parking with in and out privileges at this hotel runs $38 a day; it's $25 without the in and out privileges. We opted for the higher price valet service, not realizing that we wouldn't need it.) We walked to Navy Pier (just a few blocks), Macy's (the old Marshall Fields), and even to Shedd Aquarium, although that was 2 - 3 miles away and we ended up riding the free trolleys back. We also walked to Gino's Pizza East (I highly recommend it if you have kids, but take a few extra dollars as it's pricey) and in heading this direction, discovered our hotel was also within just 3 or 4 blocks of the EL. Finally, we walked to Millenium Park (also a great place to take kids.) Wednesday evening, we discovered the hotel offered a free manager's reception with wine and hors d'oeuvres. Overall this was a great experience and we'd definitely return!	
Jul 6 2008 	Fire Station next door can be very annoying	Our family just returned from a holiday weekend in downtown Chicago. We've been to Chicago at least five times and really enjoy visiting this wonderful city.We booked our stay at the Hampton after reading the reviews, We got a great rate including parking for the holiday weekend. Upon our arrival I asked for a suite upgrade and it was handled wonderfully by the staff. Overall we were happy with the room even though it could have used some upgrades. We found the staff very helpful during our stay and the breakfast offered each morning was decent. The proximity of the hotel to Michigan Ave. was pretty good, about 3 blocks away. For the price we found the hotel to be in a good loaction with good access to all of the attractions via walking, bus, taxi or the subway. Ok here is our BIG GRIPE about this hotel which will prevent us from staying here again. Directly across the street from the hotel is a working FIRE STATION. If you've ever been to Chicago you know how frequent these vehicles operate. Anyway, throughout the night (and average of 3 times per night) the trucks would roll-out of the station blasting their sirens and horn. I can't begin to explain how loud this was during the middle of the night. There is no way one could not be awaken by this noise. I don't at all blame the firemen as they are doing their jobs, but again it's not the best combination tom have a hotel next door to a firestation. Just be aware if you do stay here you're going to have to deal with the extreme noise from the fire trucks across the street!	
Jul 3 2008 	Great price great location and better than expected	This hotel is a find. Yes it is two star but it is more like a 3 star hotel. The beds are big and comfy. The hotel was quiet. There is a fridge in the room. The Bathrooms are big. Breakfast was included but can get crowded. We paid an internet rate of $134/night and had WIFI. We arrived at 5 am on a red eye, room was ready, and we even had a full breakfast before going to bed. The hotel is near the italian pizzerias (e,.g. Ginos) and hot dog places. There is a Nordstrom right across the street and a 7-11. Shopping is right there off the Magnificent Mile. You do need a taxi or transit to get to the museums (e.g. Chicago Art Museum). Lastly, washing machines on premise, what more do you want?	
Jul 3 2008 	Nice hotel too bad it's next to a firehouse	This is a perfectly adequate, nice little hotel in a good location in Chicago near the Magnificent Mile and the Loop. Its rooms are nice, even if they aren't fancy. Great blankets on the beds. The staff is very helpful, the pool and hot tub are nice, and the restaurants in the building are quite good as well.But it needs to be said that if you stay at this hotel you risk hearing sirens at all hours of the day due to the firehouse next door. We even requested a room change to the side of the building farthest from the firehouse (which the staff granted us as soon as they could), but we still heard sirens. I knew about the firehouse before I booked, thanks to this website. However, it didn't seem to bother most of the reviewers, and some people we talked to at the hotel also didn't seem bothered by it. After I got some earplugs it wasn't much of a problem for me either. But it's something to take into consideration.P.S. I am from New York City, so it's not like I'm not used to city noises.	
Jun 23 2008 	A Hidden Gem!!	Got to the hotel around 4:30 P.M. parked in front of the hotel and was greated by the vallet crew. When I booked my room at the Hampton web site I pre purchased the vallet parking along with the room. I would strongley suggest this especialy if you are going to walk instead of drive in the city. The Cost for overnight parking is $38.00 per night. But what are you going to do? Checking in was quick and easy. The rooms were nice, we stayed pretty simple with a double queen. I heard nothing thru the walls the entire time I was there. Pool was very small and the Pool room would knock you down with chlorien smell.Breakfast was great, just about the best I have had at a hotel. The location of this hotel is good with a little walk to Michigan Ave. I stayed here with my wife and two children (4&amp;7) and would go back in a heart beat.	
Jun 10 2008	Loved this hotel	I stayed here on June 5-8 2008. There is a review of my trip on the forum. I checked in around 3.45pm with no problems whatsoever. I noticed that there were free complimentary papers of the Wall Street Journal and USA Today to the left of the reception desk. I had room 1130. I opened the door and couldn't believe how big the suite was. The lounge was huge with a small but adequate kitchen with fridgefreezer, microwave, dishwasher and bar/table. The lounge had a sofa and a chair with footstool. The bed was fine as was the bathroom. The sink was outside of the bathroom and there was a wall hairdryer and toiletries. There was a tv in the lounge and in the bedroom. I received a note to say that the tv's were being replaced by 37&quot; LCDs over the next few weeks. Breakfast was great with a varied selection. It was great to have strawberries, chopped pineapples and oranges. The scones were lovely as was the chocolate muffin. There was two items of hot food which consisted of mini-omelettes and one other item which I didn't know. The juices (cranberry, guava) and coffee/tea were fine. On the 2nd floor, there was the swimming pool and the business center with the free internet and superb consumable facilities such as fax, printer and stationary equipment. You need your room card to gain entry.The location of the hotel was great. Turning right out of the hotel, there is a 7-Eleven across the road (30 yards away). I stocked up on bottled water and the odd chocolate bar.Right on the 7-Eleven is the free trolley bus which takes people to Navy Pier. This was excellent and really convenient. On the way back, I waited about 20 minutes and the queue was long. To get to Michigan Avenue, I walked up Dearborn until I hit Ohio and then turned right. This was because I avoided any stairs going up or down and in fact, apart from Nordstrom and the shops there, there wasn't much there. The main stores are from Ohio to Water Place. In terms of eating, there are a lot of decent eateries nearby. I eat quite reasonably though not necessarily healthily! I went to Boston Blackies (164 East Grand Avenue, between Michigan and St Clair), Gino's East (633 N. Wells St. (Ontario and Wells) and Cafe Iberico (737 N La Salle Dr (Chicago and La Salle). All three places were busy and there was a good atmosphere. The food was fine and reasonably-priced. As I left the hotel on Sunday, I turned left and walked around the corner to N.Clark St. There were some people preparing a film. I asked some people there and it was a film about John Dilinger starring Johnny Depp and Christian Bale filming Public Enemies! There were going to be there on Monday. Initially, I was concerned about the distance between the River North and the Loop area but it was only about 15 minutes. I hardly caught any CTA trains and in fact, crossing the Chicago River was a great photo opportunity. I would definitely stay in the River North area compared to the Loop area mainly for the eateries and shopping. The free shuttle to Navy Pier was a bonus while shops like 7-Eleven and Walgreen nearby are always handy when staying in any U.S city.	
Jun 2 2008 	Comfortable Quiet Roomy	See the long March 30 review for lots of details that I won't try to duplicate. If you're a Hilton Honors member (no charge to sign up), check the website occasionally for rate changes. We were upgraded to a suite, probably because bookings were down for those days. The front desk took pains to locate us in a quiet spot. We heard few sirens and no hallway noise. The room decor isn't exciting, but everything worked and was clean! For my taste, the tea bags at breakfast are better than the ones in the room. The sofa cushion tends to slide around when you sit on it. There are delicious cookies in the lobby at 7 pm and they go fast! But fruit is always available, too. There are restaurants for every taste in this neighborhood, and the hotel is easy to access by car.	
May 17 2008 	Pretty good hotel	The hotel suites are very large considering you are in downtown Chicago. Our king suite had a full size refrigerator, stove, microwave oven, and dishes. They provided free breakfast, and free coffee and tea 24 hours a day. The location is very convenient and a couple of blocks from Michigan Ave. The rooms need a little remodeling, though, but are clean and comfortable.	
Apr 28 2008 	Loved Our Stay Here -- Just Wonderful	Throughout our many years of traveling, we always try to book our hotel reservations downtown in any city we plan to visit., and usually always a suite. We are just back from visiting the Amercian Girl Place in Chicago and this proved to be a great location and an easy walk to our destination. We booked a corner suite with an adjoining room. It was just perfect for the four adults and four children in our party. The rooms were spacious, very, very, clean and well kept, and had wonderful sleeping queen size beds with down comforters. The staff was so accommodating and met any request that we had promptly, and I might add, - with a smile. The personal Ambassador, Samra went out of her way with giving of her time with great suggestions on where to eat. I just can't say enough about her! I definitely plan on returning to that Hampton Inn when I return with friends for a planned Christmas trip in December. Thank you staff for a wonderful stay.!C. Gibson &amp; L. PageHendersonville, TN	
Apr 5 2008 	Loved the Hampton Inn and Suites Downtown	We loved this hotel; I have 3 boys ages 8-12 the suites were roomy and spacious to afford all five of us our comfort. The staff was pleasant and very accommodating. We stayed two nights and three days. We took the train in from Grand Rapids, MI so we arrived at 11:30 am and the room was not available, however, the bellhop checked our luggage and we went exploring. The first night I won a gift $50.00 certificate to Bella’s restaurant!! The locating was great; close the ESPN Zone and shopping. The Rock Bottom brewery was a great place for lunch- excellent food and not too pricey. We will stay here again!!	
Mar 30 2008 	loved it .... book a suite ..	We recently traveled to Chicago for six nights and I stressed over where to stay. I am so thrilled that we booked the Hampton Inn &amp; Suites, Downtown, what an absolute gem!We booked a suite (there are about 5 on each floor) directly through the hampton site and got a variable rate (from a low of $101 for a night to a high of $150 for 3 nights) and the front desk clerk even commented on what a great deal I'd gotten! Our suite featured a living area with desk, TV, and queen size sleeper sofa (perfect for our two kids at night!) and also had a fullsize refrigerator (trader joe's is only a few blocks away on Ontario), dishwasher, microwave and cooktop (no oven). It was a breeze for snacks and leftovers and comes complete with plates &amp; utensils! The best part was that this was a true &quot;suite&quot; room: the doors closed to the living area and it was like having two hotel rooms!Check-in was a smooth process; if you have a car, there is an area to pull in and unload your luggage with very attentive bellboys / valet attendees. (note, parking is an additional $38/night through the hotel, but there is also a lot right next door that &quot;only&quot; charges $25/night)The 2nd floor hosts the swimming pool/sauna/exercise room/whirlpool (plenty of towels available + water in the exercise area) as well as the breakfast room &amp; there is also coffee/tea and hot cocoa available at all times. The breakfast room is very large, with plenty of seating (tables as well as couches) and the buffet itself featured two hot items daily (eggs, sausage, sausage gravy, etc.). There was also a nice selection of breads (bagels, toast, muffins, danish, biscuits), cereals, yogurt, fresh fruit (oranges, bananas, berries, apples, citrus fruit salad), oatmeal (in packets) as well as coffee,tea and juices. The employees re-freshed the foods constantly and even when there were a lot of people present, it was not difficult to get food/find a seat.There are also laundry machines available for guest use on the 3rd floor; two washers and dryers that cost $1.50/load (quarters available at the front desk). All in all, we loved our stay at the Hampton Inn &amp; Suites, downtown. The location was perfect for all of our site-seeing needs: walking distance to the Mag Mile, the free trolley runs to Navy Pier right out front of the hotel, there are plenty of restaurant options within walking distance (weber grill, rock bottom brewery, gino's east, lou malnati's, rainforest cafe, hard rock, etc..!). A cab ride south to Shedd Aquarium/Field Museum will run you about $10 and was about the same up to Lincoln Park Zoo.	
Mar 26 2008 	Quiet and Comfort in the City	We just got back from our trip yesterday, and I couldn't wait to write a review of this hotel! I researched several places greatly before we decided where to stay. We definitely made the right decision.I adore the city, but my husband always gets a little nervous in Chicago. So I wanted someplace that would be great access to all the city has to offer, but would be safe and comfortable enough to help put him at ease. This was perfect. It's a couple blocks off the Magnificent Mile, but certainly close enough to make me and the kids happy because we could walk to a few of the places we went. We never paid more than $10 cabfare to anywhere we thought was a bit far to walk, like the museum. And whenever we needed a little break or the kids needed a nap, we could just pop back to the hotel for a bit.The room itself was fantastic. The beds were the most comfortable ones I've ever slept on. I didn't want to go back to my own bed last night. I was even thinking about asking if they sell the comforters. We had a suite, so I loved the fact that I could put the kids down for a nap, close the doors and have some down time without worrying about waking them up. The bathroom was a bit smallish but that wasn't any problem at all. The shower was nice and the water pressure was great. The vanity area was separate and had plenty of room. The little kitchen area in our room made it very convenient to keep snacks and milk handy for the kids. There was even a stove, microwave, dishwasher, pots and pans and dishes if we had wanted to stay in and cook one night. The continental breakfast was excellent, and had something for everyone. My kids are very picky eaters, and they were full when we left each morning. We didn't eat at either of them, but there was access to two restaurants that both looked very nice. Since we had the kids with us, we chose more commercial gimmicky places to eat. I look forward to coming back with a few girlfriends this summer and enjoying the grown up hotspots.Usually in a hotel, the noise from other rooms keeps me awake all night; but here I didn't hear a single other guest the whole time we were there. No slamming doors or footsteps running down the halls or blaring tv's. Yes, the fire station was right outside our window, but we didn't ask to be moved because it really didn't bother us as much as I thought it would. The kids didn't even notice it, and we're from a small town where they don't hear a lot of sirens.The staff and service was excellent. We felt very welcome from the moment we arrived to the final moment when we left. The bellman and valet were so helpful and friendly, and the desk staff and concierge made sure we had anything we needed. They were also very kind to our kids. The whole place was very clean and well taken care of, too. I'm a little bit of a snob, so I notice these things.I would happily recommend the Hampton to anyone who is looking for a convenient, comfortable, clean, reasonably priced hotel that takes excellent care of it's guests.	
Mar 23 2008 	Great Hotel for the Family!	My wife and I stayed with our 4 year old and 7 year old at the Hampton Inn and Suites for two nights during Holy Week. I would highly recommend this hotel to families with young children who want to take advantage of a hotel with more reasonable rates.The staff was extremely pleasant on the phone. I called a few days before we arrived to ask about a roll-away bed for our youngest. I did not know one was available when I made the reservations. The first night was going to cost us $40 more than the second night, but the gentleman I talked to knocked off the $40 so both nights were at the lower rate. Needless to say I was glad I called back.Everyone at the hotel was extremely friendly and helpful. The complimentary breakfast was great for us, and my only complaint about our entire stay was the eggs (or whatever they really were). They were awful! Otherise there was plenty to fill the kids up in the morning. The kids also liked the complimentary apples and cookies in the lobby.Our room was comfortable. We stayed in a room with two double beds and paid a little more for a roll-away so the kids could have separate beds. Our room, on the fourth floor, overlooked the pool area, and so the noise from the fire station was minimal. We also used a sound machine with the kids, so we did have a rather peaceful sleep. The beds and pillows were very comfortable. The room and bathroom were clean and sufficient for our needs.We bought two day M.T.A. passes at the Jewel 1 1/2 blocks north of the hotel on State. We used the bus stop on Illinois just east of State to get to Navy Pier. The free Navy Pier Trolley stops there too, but we did not use it since we had the passes. The red line stop is just one block north of the hotel on State/Grand. We used that to get to Shedd. Aquarium. You take the red line to Roosevelt and transfer to Bus #12. The hotel is in a great location for getting around via public transportation.We did not use valet parking but saved a little money by parking at the public parking lot just east of the hotel. It cost $25/night but make sure you have cash to pay the attendant.There are plenty of restaurants within a short walk of the hotel. We walked to the McDonalds and also to the Rainforest Cafe a few blocks north of the hotel on Ohio. We did not take advantage of the two restaurants mentioned on the hotel website.Lastly, the kids enjoyed the pool. We only went there on Saturday morning, but we pretty much had the pool and whirlpool to ourselves. I am sure that it is much busier in the evening. The shallow end is 3 feet so our 7 year old could touch bottom. The pool is not very large but the kids enjoyed it. There were plenty of clean, dry towels to use.	
Mar 11 2008 	Hampton Thumbs Up	We stayed at the Hampton Chicago Downtown for 7 nights in November. As there were four girls sharing we booked a suite which was perfect. There was a kitchenette, dining table and chairs and couch and tv area. This was a great space and we had plenty of room for four large cases. The bedroom had two doubles, tv, and a small vanity area with an adjoining en-suite bathroom.We got a very reasonable price for our week long stay and the accommodation very much exceeded our expectations for this price. The breakfast in the morning was plentyful and the staff very friendly and helpful. We had a small problem in our room and telephoned reception to report this and let them know we would be out for the day and if it could be sorted before our return. They were up to fix the problem before we got into the lift. From the hotel we walked everywhere and its in the perfect location for sightseeing and shopping - just a few blocks from mag mile. I would highly recommend this hotel for a stay in Chicago and prices are very reasonable. All the staff we encountered were very friendly and helpful and the doorman who organised an airport transfer for us back to O'Hare was a gentleman.	
Mar 4 2008 	Great choice	We arrived very early on Thursday, 2/24, but the front desk still tried to check to see if our room was available for us. When it was not ready yet (it was only 10AM!), they stored our luggage for us and we were able to explore the city for the day. Our luggage was promptly brought up to our suite when we came back, and Willy, the bellman, was a great help to us during our stay. He always said &quot;Welcome back&quot; when we'd return from an outing - nice guy. The suite was great! Super clean, convienent and spacious. Some people had complained about the noise earlier, but what do you expect from a city? Quite frankly, it lulled us to sleep! Hotel is at a great location for everything, has a really good breakfast included and we didn't run into ONE staff member who wasn't polite and welcoming. I'd definately stay here again!	
Feb 29 2008 	Great stay - Loved every minuite	We have just spent 4 great nights at this hotel. My wife is in a wheel chair and the room was fully accessible, the bath is even wider in the middle so you can turn round in the shower.All the staff were very friendly and the doors were always opened for us before we got there, even when it was snowing like mad - Thanks everyone.You must visit the Rock Bottom Brewery just around the corner - the burgers are great and huge, the main courses are elegant and sophisticated and the carrot cake is big enough to use as a building brick - but a lot tastier!! BUT the main attraction is the great beers available all local brews and tasting great.Again would recommend this hotel to everyone, they were still filling up the breakfast racks with 5 minutes to go (Finish -10 am weekdays, 11 am weekends), and fresh coffee is always available in the breakfast room.	
Feb 23 2008 	Great 3 Night Stay	This hotel is located just north of the Loop. It is about a 10-15 minute walk to get to Millenium Park. The subway red-line is less than two blocks away. The Magnificent Mile is about 5 minutes walking. There are tons of bars and restaurants very close to the hotel. The location could not have been better. The valet attendants, front desk and breakfast staff are very pleasant and professional. The breakfast was great, loved it all three days. The room was clean and quiet, there were 40 plus channels to watch on TV, the wireless access really made looking up things to do easy, and the fitness facilities were great. I loved the little fridge with bottles of water for guests. The doors were secured at night which made me feel safe eventhough there was nothing to worry about in the neighbourhood. I recommend dining at Vong's Thai Kitchen for great Thai food. It's about a block away.Overall I can't think of a better experience, 5 stars all the way.	
Jan 28 2008 	Hampton Perfect for Family of 4	We stayed at the Hampton the last weekend of January. We were only there for one night, but we wish it could've been longer. The moment we checked in, hotel staff was willing to find us the best room for our needs. We requested a room as far away from the fire station as possible since we had a 7 month old baby with us. We got just what we asked for. Our room was exactly as it was pictured on the websites. It was up to date with mission style furniture and 1920s style stained glass light fixtures. Nothing looked worn or dirty. The carpet was in great condition. You notice these things when you have a baby playing on the floor a lot. All the furniture was substantial and comfortable. The king bed looked inviting with a cozy duvet and crisp comfortable pillows. The bathroom was not particularly modern or special in any way, but it was clean and practical. We were surprised at how roomy the entire suite was. It was bigger than we expected with a spacious living area, kitchen with full-size appliances and lots of extra room in the bedroom. There was plenty of room for our family of 4 including a 6 yr old and infant. During our stay we especially loved the following things:The most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept on--really, it was absolutely wonderful. A quality fold-out bed for kids in the living room. A decent hot breakfast with a little something for everyone. Free internet in the room, but if you don't bring your laptop, free use of the hotel computer room (with internet, printers, faxes, etc). Nice pool and work-out room. Very friendly staff. Great location to all that downtown Chicago has to offer...all within walking distance. Lastly, we loved the sense of calm and quiet you get when you step into the hotel after being on the bustling city streets. Some hotels are as busy and crowded inside as the city is outside. But every time we stepped into the Hampton, it felt like a quiet, relaxed respite from all that was happening outside. It was warm and comfortable. We will definitely stay there again. With the AAA rate, we stayed for less than $150 a night with all taxes included. Parking is $30 for the day or $38 for valet (well worth it). Downtown Chicago hotels do not have to cost a lot. This hotel had everything we needed and plenty of what we wanted in luxury and comfort.	
Jan 17 2008	Downtown living	I am writing this review from my room during my week stay at the hotel... I was pleasantly surprised by the size of the room. I am in a corner room suite which is huge. The &quot;suites&quot; include a full kitchen, living room, dining table and separate bedroom with vanity and king bed. The room has nice decor and they have done a good job bringing it up to date.I am on the 10th floor (I think there are 12) and you hear the typical horns and trucks from the streets below, which is not too uncommon at downtown locations. I think some other hotels may do a better job of soundproofing the windows. Given this hotel is fairly old, the windows may allow for additional &quot;ambiance&quot; to creep in.The location is nice and close to some very good restaurants and a brisk (It's 12 degrees outside currently) walk to the theatre district a few long blocks away.One thing you will not see in the brochure is that there is a 5 bay fire station directly across the street on one side of the hotel. As soon as the vehicles head out of the station, they hit the horns and sirens. The room I am in is directly across form the station. It might be a little quieter on the opposite side of the hotel. I am a light sleeper, so I hear them every time (3-4 times per night), but it really hasn't deterred from the nice stay I am having.	
Jan 13 2008	overnight getaway	My husband and I were in Chicago for an overnight trip and stayed at Hampton Inn and went to a Second City show. Both were beyond our expectations. The staff at both places were courteous, professional, friendly and went beyond the call of duty to give us directions, hold our bags in storage while we went shopping, gave us great seats at the show and also, since we had to alter our original plans due to a blizzard, both companies were gracious in changing our reservations to accomodate our change of dates without a penalty! Can't say enough good things. The Hampton Inn was off of Michigan AVe about 4 blocks but had plenty of shopping between the blocks. We would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 7 2008 	Great hotel. Would stay there again	There were six members of our family &amp; we had 3 rooms. The service was outstanding, the breakfast was delicious, the rooms were clean &amp; very comfortable. The location was walkable to the theatres &amp; shopping. Didn't have time to enjoy the pool &amp; other amenities, but they looked very inviting. Would definitely recommend it to anyone. It deserves at least 5 stars.	
Jan 6 2008 	Enjoyed our stay at the Hampton	We stayed here for two nights in early January. We had an excellent rate which I found through the hotel's website. We had a suite that consisted of a kitchen with a full size fridge, two burners and a microwave. There was a living room with a sofa bed and another easy chair and a desk. The separate bedroom had two double beds. Lots of pillows on the beds and warm, fluffy duvets that were appreciated in January. Breakfast was included. It was ok, but not a lot of choices of hot food. One day there was French toast pieces and sausage patties, the other day it was eggs and the same sausage patties. But there is cereal, yogurt, pastries etc so you won't go hungry.The staff were all very friendly and helpful with getting us cabs, giving directions, recommending restaurants. The location is pretty good for shopping as the Mag Mile is a few blocks away. The theatre district is about a 15 minute walk or a short cab ride away. Lots of good restaurants in the area, including a couple right at the hotel, but we didn't try them. I would definitely stay at this hotel again!	
Dec 27 2007 	Great hotel in a great location for a great price	I can only add to the great reviews already given on the site. I trashed the Best Western around the corner and it rightly deserves it.On the flip side, even with all the positive reviews, I feel compelledto give my two thumbs up as well. If you travel Hamptons already, thisone is great too! I love them because there is are no surprises and this one is no different. It looks the same on the inside of the rooms, with the great mattress, the wireless internet, a good sized bathroom and a desk to work at. The price was 150/a night and that wasa regular internet deal, nothing special. Breakfast was the typical Hampton meal with no surprises again. What really makes this special is that it is the typical Hampton, PLUS being in the heart of Chicago. Great restaurants all around, night spots and things to do. The hotel has like 13 floors. They even addressed me by name when I come through the front door (stayed for 3 nights). In addition, the hotel had what nice hotels downtown should have, just without the inflated price. There is a little sundry room by the reception, a pool, a workout area, and a velet and bell stand. I have stayed here twice now and it is excellent. There is no reason you should compromise comfort, location and price especially when you can get the best of all these right here. This last time I did stay in a room with my window right above the fire station. It was quite a surprise and it seems that at 6 in the morning, they start running like every 15 minutes. I knew the station was there, but didn't even think of the noise (I did in the morning though, lol). Easy fix, I just turned the AC up to high and it was allgood. Downtowns are typically noisy anywhere, so this was not that biga deal.	
Dec 27 2007 	Great Hotel Fantastic Location	Stayed at the Hampton Hotel from 5th December to the 9th of December and found the Hotel to be of excellent standard. We booked a corner suite and it was hugh, well worth $199.00 dollars a night. It was spotless clean and the beds were very comfy. We did hear the fire engines at night but did not cause us any inconvenience at all. The added bonus of complimentary breakfast was great. A good selection of breads, fruit, cereals etc.The staff were very friendly and efficent and informative. The location is great only 10 minutes from shoppers Paradise of Michigan avenue.Overall a great stay in the Hamptons and would have no problem recommending this to friends and family alike.Linda N. (Dublin Ireland)	
Dec 26 2007	A fantastic experience	Myself and my daughter recently visited Chicago on a shopping trip. We were a bit hesitant about staying in this hotel after reading some of the unfavorable reviews but this hotel exceeded our expectations. The staff were so friendly and helped us in any way possible. Our suite was absolutely fabulous, very spacious, immaculate and the beds were so comfortable. The breakfast was more than adequate with both hot and cold choices. The waitresses were on hand to help with anything we needed including directions to shopping areas. Our sleep was not disrupted by the noise from the fire station on the next block. The hotel was located just a minute's walk from Grand underground station on the Red Line and it was only a short commute to the shopping areas. We would definetly recommend anyone to stay in this hotel and we will certainly be returning to stay at the Hampton Inn and Suites in the future. An excellent stay.	
Dec 20 2007 	Great Location	My friend and i stayed at this hotel on a recent shopping trip to Chicago, The staff and facilities were fanatstic. including the breakfasts! I would recommend this to any traveller staying in Chicago, the only downside was Ruths Steak house restaurant attached to the hotel, the service was poor and we asked for a non smoking table only to be sat right next to the smoking area, we didnt stay for the food! Ballo also attached to the hotel however was an excellent restaurant	
Dec 15 2007 	great location lovely hotel	Stayed in the Hampton inn and suites in Chicago on the 5 to the 8 of December. We had a corner suite; the room was huge and very comfortable. The hotel was spotless. The staff was very friendly and helpful. On one occasion we were looking for directions to the shopping outlet they gave us the full directions and even printed off the time table for the train for us.Having read a few reviews a lot of people were complaining about the noise from the fire engines we didn’t find it noisy at all we may heard them once in the night but did not bother us in the slightest and we were directly opposite the station. The breakfast was nice something there to suit most tastes but would have preferred a few more options with the hot breakfast.The location of the hotel was great only a 10 minute walk to the main shopping street.I would recommend this hotel to anybody travelling to Chicago for some retail therapy. Only thing lacking on Michigan Ave was a big toy store like toys r us. The main street badly needs one	
Nov 30 2007 	Good Hotel	Having read previous reviews we had some concerns regarding the fire horns but having stayed for 5 nights our fears were unfounded. Yes we did hear the odd horn but we have experienced that in any city centre hotel we stayed in. The hotel was clean, the staff courteous and efficient and whilst the breakfast was not the best we have ever had it was fine taking into consideration the rates. We would however have preferred proper plates and cutlery.The location could not have been better - just round the corner from Grand subway station (Red line) and 10 minutes from Michegan Ave.	
Nov 28 2007 	Great value Nice hotel	We stayed here in a lovely corner suite for under $170 a night. There was a kitchen, living area, separate bedroom and bathroom. The beds were super comfortable, the staff very courteous, and helpful. Even without the breakfast that is included, you couldn't get a better deal in Chicago.	
Nov 26 2007 	Excellent Stay!	This is a great place to stay visiting Chicago with a family. The breakfast is nice and the rooms were clean. Great location to utilize the public transportation to see the city. The staff was very friendly. The attached Italian restaurant Ballo was very good. I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 16 2007 	A Hell of a Toddling Windy Big Shouldered Town... by the Lake	After spending a night in less than acceptable accommodations out in the suburbs, my wife (who is also my business partner) and I chose to move to cooler digs. The Hampton Inn offered us a room at pretty much the going rate for a place in town, about $260-something. We are not from Chicago, nor have we ever been before, so I can’t speak to the value of the actual street address, however, we did find our way around town pretty easily (all credit to the dynamic trio of Google maps, a Treo and my navagatrix wife). The hotel was typical of the properties one finds in a world-class city. The staff, much like virtually every human being we encountered in Chicago, was delightful. The parking at the hotel, again like most other properties, was steep; $38.00 a night! But there is a lot right next door for $20 and one a across the street for $25. In and out privileges are okay at the independent lots, so don’t worry about that.The rooms at the Hampton were, again, right on par for the type of property they represent; handsomely furnished, modestly sized and nicely equipped with toiletries and little extras (a bottle of water and some cookies). There’s an Italian restaurant downstairs and a sky bridge connecting to a Ruth’s Chris Steakhouse. The property offers a “hot breakfast” which, sadly, leaves much to be desired, like perhaps a good breakfast. The coffee was nice (and is always available) but the selection of breads lacked any whole grains, the chafing dish of eggs tasted like a science experiment gone wrong and the orange juice formula used to be restricted to astronauts. Breakfast is not the best feature of this hotel!The city itself is just terrific! We enjoyed a pair of blues bands at the packed, raucous (but cool-vibed) “Kingston Arms” blues bar the night we arrived and the next day made the most of our late flight and rented car by touring the whole city. This included a slice of authentic deep-dish pizza (I’m a New Yorker, so I’m a tough sell on pizza, but this a local tradition and it should at least be experienced) and a trip up the Sears Tower. I used to work at the top of the World Trade Center, so I was probably less thrilled than most, but it is quite a view! One thing to keep front of mind is the traffic! I live in Los Angeles and even I was freaked out by it. Give yourself an extra hour at least to get to the airport. We didn’t but thanks to a flight delay still made it to our seats… or else we absolutely would not have.	
Oct 30 2007 	Too Noisy for Me	I stayed at this property October 26-28th. I would love to give it a good review since it had a lot going for it. I'll start with the positives. The location provides easy access to restaurants and shops on State Street. The employees were all very friendly and helpful. The room was clean, and the bedding comfortable. The breakfast was fair, with ample bagels, donuts, english muffins, fresh fruit and juice, along with one warm breakfast item each morning. The first morning there was some egg, meat and cheese deal on what looked like a half bagel. It was so-so. The second morning they had waffles, which looked like the frozen kind. I didn't try them. Now for the negatives. As others have mentioned, the fire station is right across the street from the hotel. Even though I made sure our room was on the opposite side, the sirens were loud and plentiful. Additionally, our room was at the end of the hall (room 430), and right below the windows were the air conditioning units for the pool. They ran pretty constantly the whole time the pool was open. Worse than that was the alley below where the neighboring restaurants dumped their trash. All day and into the wee hours of the morning you could hear the trash being dumped, glass breaking and the trash compactors going. With my ear plugs and a pillow over my head, I could muffle the sound enough to get some sleep. So, sadly, I will not stay here again next time I am in Chicago.	
Oct 19 2007 	Loved It!	Very friendly and helpful employees, the room was very clean, bed was extremely comfortable and breakfast was great! They even had a small snack store next to the front desk!	
Oct 17 2007 	very good place	Chose this Hampton Inn on the basis of tripadvisor reviews and it was an excellent choice.When we first arrived, I was a bit disappointed, as the area seemed a bit iffy and the reception was gloomy. But that`s the end of the negative bits.....The location is great - loads of good restaurants within easy walking distance (would recommend Weber Grill and Rockbottom). There are even two restaurants on the premises which we promised ourselves we`d try when it rained - of course, it never rained!We had a king suite with a huge bed, lounge with sofabed, kitchenette with large fridge, microwave, hotplates, dishwasher etc etc. (usual tiny american bathroom - but we`re used to those!)Also - I couldn`t praise the staff highly enough. Nothing was too much trouble. The front desk guys suggested restaurants, changed travellers cheques and allowed us an extra hour on check out day (prior to us flying back to the UK) all with cheery smiles.AND - the gals running the complimentary breakfast spoiled my husband rotten. He only had to say, &quot;no sausages this morning then?&quot; for one of them to disappear and then come back a minute later with a plate of sausages, biscuits and country gravy!There was also a good indoor pool, spa and gym area which was generally empty (although we were there midweek)We hadn`t used Hampton before, but wouldn`t hesitate to use them in future.Oh - and yes, you can hear the fire sirens, but I reckon you can hear those anywhere in downtown Chicago.The architecture river cruise was excellent too.Great city!	
Oct 17 2007 	pretty nice	stayed overnight for a next day meeting. it's located in the middle of downtown and just a quick walk from the red line subway. i've never stayed at a hampton inn but thought it was quite decent. it's not a 4 star hotel or anything, but it was nice enough. i got a room w/ 2 double beds, and the room provides a computer lap desk so i could work on my laptop in bed. they have free internet which is a big plus for me. i did notice that the walls were thin as you can hear people in the hallway or the doors slamming, and the sirens from the street coming from the window. They have an automated wake up call which was prompt and on-time. they called to check if the room was okay after settling in for 5-10 mins. the bathroom was clean, nothing too fancy. there is a chinese restaurant that is zagat rated on the corner called Ben Pao. their black pepper shrimp was excellent, but not so much for the mongolian beef (i've had better). there was a line for ordering take-out, but you can also order to-go online on their website. it seemed to be a somewhat fancy restaurant.	
Oct 16 2007	Great for a short trip	My wife and I visited Chicago for four days in September 2007. We stayed at the Hampton and the hotel was great.It's in a good location .. walkable to Navy Pier and the Magnificent Mile shopping area. We have stayed at several Hampton Inns and this one was up to their usual standard.The room was nice, the bed comfortable and the breakfast good. Ideal.We did The Untouchables tour, which was very good and visited the Field Museum, which we really enjoyed.Chicago is a wonderful city and when we go back we'll definitely be staying at the Hampton.	
Oct 4 2007	Decent Hotel	This was a decent hotel for a one night stay to see the Oprah show. I love Hampton Inns but the $275 price for 4 adults in one room surprised me. Maybe this is a normal rate for Chicago but this was the most expensive Hampton Inn I've stayed at, and yet the most dated. The breakfast was good as usual and the hotel is well-located near the Mag Mile. The elevators are ridiculously slow! However, the room was reasonably clean and the staff very friendly. It seems like a lot of Oprah audience members stay at this hotel. The restaurant downstairs, Bollo, was excellent.	
Oct 2 2007 	Nice if you are not by the elevators	I have stayed here about 5 times and think it is nice. Close to many attractions and restaurants in Chicago. The only thing I may suggest is to ask for a room AWAY from the elevator. The elevators and people waiting for the elevators are a bit loud. I could hear them at all hours. The firestation is also very close and the sirens from the trucks can be a bit annoying. Other than that...this hotel is nice.	
Sep 24 2007 	Nice	We stayed here last Friday night, the rooms were nice and the hotel staff was very friendly. It is also in a great location within walking distance to plenty of night life options. The only real disappointment was the breakfast that was included, unless you have a thing for cardboard waffles and bad sausage. There really wasn't much to it other then some cereal and some rolls. I know it's free but from the way the bellhop was talking it up I was expecting a little more.	
Sep 17 2007 	Very good stay	Rented a two bed suite for a girls weekend. The room was nice and hotel staff was very helpful - brought in rollaway, provided a complimentary key to the business center, allowed late check-out, complimentary breakfast bar was extensive if not a meal that you might pay for, and staff was friendly. Overall, they left a very good impression.	
Sep 10 2007 	Helpful staff	We had a very positive experience, thanks to attentive and helpful staff. We rather complicated needs for several rooms, which were fulfilled. The rooms were attractive and clean. Breakfast was a definite plus. The front desk staff provided suggestions and guidance throughout our 4-day stay. The location can't be beat.	
Sep 1 2007 	Superb service but rooms vary	Reading the past reviews, it appears people either love this hotel or hate it. If they are basing it on the rooms themselves, I can see why. When we checked into our assigned room on the 11th floor it was very nice, clean and well maintained. The only problem was that it had 2 double beds and I preferred a king. I called the front desk and they did have a king room, but it was on the 3rd floor. We chose to take it even though it was a lower floor and unbeknownest to us, directly across from the fire station.This room was in bad disrepair. The wood at the bottom of the bathroom door was rotted through and the carpets and floors were very dirty.The noise didn't seem to bother us much as the windows and blackout curtains kept out much of the sound. As usual the bed was divine, nice breakfast (not so nice woman working the breakfast though), and the location was perfect for walking.A can't say enough wonderful things about the front staff, valet and concierge they all went above and beyond to provide exceptional service. My advise when booking a room hear is to request an upper floor facing Illinois Ave. and to check it out before getting settled.	
Aug 29 2007 	Best beds!	The beds were possibly among the best in my hotel sleeping experiences. Very comfy. However, I wouldn't plan on having 2 adults share a double bed. These are true doubles, not queens. The location was actually superb for our needs. The magnificent mile shopping is just a couple of blocks away, there were plenty of nearby restaurants, including Pizzeria Uno, and we were able to easily walk to the Theater District to see Wicked. There was a nice pool and spa as well as an outdoor deck. The staff was friendly and helpful. Greatdowntown experience.	
Aug 24 2007	good location well managed great value	Tripadvisor steered us well when we selected this hotel. It is well-located, clean, attractive (even has faux-Prairie style decor!), has extended breakfast hours. Proximity to fire station takes some getting used to but hey, those sirens aren't for you! Definitlely take advantage of the Navy Pier free trolley. We got the AARP rate which was less than $200. Being a member of the Hilton frequent-stay program got us an upgrade. Terrific value for the location and quality of the property.	
Aug 20 2007	Hampton Inn Thumbs Up!	We just got back from a week in Chicago, and were very glad we choose the Hampton Inn! The Front Staff was courteous and very helpful (I had forgotten my public transportation directions to the Brookfield Zoo, and they got on the computer to help me out, etc.) The room was clean, spotlessly clean. Spacious! Bathroom clean, plenty of towels, etc. You can't beat the location, for sure! As for the much discussed fire house next door, every now and again you do hear the sirens, but since we're from NYC, we're used to that. I would think that any hotel you stay in downtown, you would hear sirens going off. If that might trouble you, ask for a room away from the fire department. Breakfast room is large and there is plenty to offer. We are single, but clearly families rule at the Hampton.They also cater to groups - we had the gang from Cincy andthen St. Louis (wearing their colors) who came in to see theirteams vs. the Cubs! Very positive experience and we would certainly stay here again.	
Aug 19 2007 	Happy with the Hampton	This is a fantastic hotel. Very central with plenty of good restaurants within a block or two. Hotel has very spacious suites with full size fridge freezer and dishwasher. The breakfast is great and plentiful and the staff can't seem to do enough for guests. The pool is a good size and there was hardly anyone else there everytime I went with my 9 and 6 year olds who loved it. There was also a business centre with continuous internet access for anyone not wanting to haul a laptop around with them on holiday. The free trolley car to Navy Pier is handy but save yourself the wait and take a cab - it's only 5 or 6 bucks. All in all the perfect place for families with small children.	
Aug 15 2007 	Nice but nothing special	I stayed here for a week over my 20th birthday and aside from checking in I had no problems. Apparently chicago has this &quot;you must be 21 to play&quot; rule that no one told me about. I booked my room here because the website said nothing about 21 minium check in age like almost ever other chicago area hotel I looked at. Sure enough when I got to the hotel there was a problem. Long story short the woman had to get my father on the phone and fax a signed letter giving me permission to stay there. Umm okay, strange, but I was in no position to argue. She was nice enough I guess, but that rule still made no sense to me. The location is wonderful, a block away from the el and and across the street from the trolly that goes to navy pier. I probably wouldn't stay here again, I was in chicago a few months ago and discovered The James and refuse to stay anywhere else in chicago.	
Aug 15 2007 	Location Location Location	Just back from this Hampton Inn at 33 W. Illinois in Chicago. Tripadvisor reviews were very helpful in selecting this hotel &amp; we were very pleased with our spacious (by Chicago hotel standards) suite. This is the right place if you plan on being out and about in the city - very convenient, with always helpful staff, very safe. Lobby has plenty of info on site seeing, breakfast is great, everything clean, everybody friendly. We will definitely book this location for our next visit to Chicago.	
Aug 11 2007	Good Hotel	Stayed here with our 9 and 7 year old. It was a convenient place to the sites of Chicago. The continental breakfast was really great. The pool was generally very loud but OK for a dip. Location was good and the staff was very helpful. We would stay here again.	
Aug 9 2007 	one of the worst hampton inns ive stayed in	Upon arriving I was greeted by a very rude and impatient manager who had no idea how to treat customers with respect. Got to the room and was greeted with a big whiff of aged smoke, even though we picked a non smoking room. Really disgusting. It was probably the most OUTDATED hampton inn I've ever seen. They had old wood cabinets in the bathroom, a very outdated sink counter/flooring/bathtub/toilet. The wallpaper wasn't pleasant and showed its age. The room floor was dirty and I always made a point to have shoes on when walking around. This hotel needs a complete renovation and really fast. I found it absolutely insane the prices they charged to stay in such a run down place. My bill came to over 300 dollars for a weekday rate for one night/ king bedroom. BEWARE. They sneak charges onto your bill.. there is a 30 dollar hotel occupancy tax (whatever THAT is)... along with other charges. When I called to confirm my room, the rate was 219.. on my bill the rate was 229... along with the rest of the charges totaling over $300. (?!).... There is an emergency station very nearby. There were sirens going off at almost every hour of the night. I remember 4:30AM the most because I never got back to sleep after that. It takes valet 20 minutes to get your car. Why?Breakfast was subpar at best. I had some oatmeal and a biscuit. There was no fresh fruit other than some dented apples. The only pro is the closeness to the mag mile, but there are SO many other options for people wanting to be close to shopping. This hotel was absurdly a ripoff and you felt dirtier after having stayed there. Thank heavens for Hiltons 100% guarantee.	
Aug 6 2007 	Perfect Place Perfect Price	We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hampton Inn in downtown Chicago and could not have been happier about the amenities, service and convenience of the hotel. All of this for a very reasonable price.We arrived at noon but the hotel was able to recommend a great place for lunch and have us in our two rooms by 1:00 pm. The bell captain gave us great service and directions during our stay.The pool, exercise room, business suite (with four computers and printer), and breakfast were all free and great to use.The rooms (a suite and a normal room) were big and clean.We could not have asked for a better place to stay in Chicago with many restaurants nearby, Transportation was always less than 3 blocks away. We had a wonderful stay and would stay there again in a hearbeat.	
Aug 3 2007 	Totally satisfied	Once again, a great Hampton Inn experience, we were only in Chicago overnight and this is a great location. We were aware that the firehouse was nearby, so we asked for (and got) a room as far away from the firehouse as possible, and the noise was not a problem. We stayed in a mini suite where the king bed was in a different room from the sleeper sofa, so we grownups got a little privacy from the teenagers. We asked for a sleeper sofa and got it within just a few minutes. The hotel is a straight shot, maybe a 20 minute walk, from the Navy pier, and there are a ton of cabs if you need to go elsewhere. We also went to the original Pizza Uno which was just a few minutes away. There was some construction going on in the parking garage, so we were able to get a refund on the 10.00 parking fee (these fees are annoying, but most inner city hotels have them!!). The room was clean and the bed was awesome. We were very happy with our selection.	
Jul 31 2007	Would not stay at the Hampton Inn Chicago Downtown again.	Pros: Staff extremely helpful. The room was quite comfortable, a suite. for 2 adults and 2 children who slept in adjoining rooms pullout couch. There was a 2burner stove, micro, fridge as well a tv in adjoining room. Master suite had a beautiful, elegant and most comfortable bed.Cons: I was not aware of area and asked for a &quot;lake view&quot;. I was responded that yes, I would be assured a &quot;lake view&quot;. Since I was unaware of the area, &quot;ha&quot; on me. What a joke. We had a view of neighboring building's roof. Did not know lakefront or view wasa so far away. I even called to reconfirm and was assured &quot;yes&quot;. I would not have chosen this hotel I'd known it was not a lake area hotel. Breakfast underfurnished, milk ran out, eggs only, no sausage, biscut available. Bakery items available only if you were one of those who got there first. There was no replenishment on many items and although breakfast was 6-10 or 6-11 on weekends, arriving at 9:00 nearly everything was taken.There were warm choc. cookies on lobby table but each time we went downstairs they were gone. Staff say, sorry, all gone.Lobby can be extrremely noisy and small as they pack visitors in to sign in. This leads to unpleasant service, should have another way to manage check in.Children spent quite a bit of their time in the pool. It was nice for adults and had a depth of 12ft. which is most uncommon in pools.The room receives a &quot;B&quot; from me. Bathroom was dated, wallpaper peeling. Shower good.Reception to hotel an &quot;A&quot;, Lobby noise an &quot;F&quot;, check-in a &quot;D&quot;. These were of course, according to my experience only.The reason for stay at this hotel was Venetion night weekend. We live about 40 miles away and took our 2 grandchildren to show them a weekend in a &quot;grand&quot; hotel, which this we found was not, a great time in a pool, room service but it had stopped by the time we needed it.	
Jul 28 2007 	Excellent service and amenities	Before we chose the Hampton, we read the reviews here, and we found them to be accurate. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The amenities and location were excellent. I especially liked having an in-suite kitchen. It was one of the reasons we chose this hotel.Our main concern was its location across from a fire hall. We heard the sirens frequently, but although our suite was right across from the fire hall, they didn't wake us up at night. Being on the 9th floor might have helped.The start of the free trolley route to Navy Pier is about half a block from the hotel. The signs say that it runs every 15 minutes, but it's more like every half hour, if that. We waited twice for 25+ minutes and ended up taking a cab. But that isn't the hotel's fault.The breakfasts were good. We didn't have time to use the swimming pool, but we checked it out, and it was tempting, especially the whirlpool after a day of being on our feet.The one drawback was that the wireless Internet access worked only for the computer we brought and not for the laptop. They didn't have a tech person on site and weren't able to help us with that. They have computers for use in their business center at no charge, but most of what I needed was on the laptop. The laptop was able to pick up a wireless signal at the conference we were attending, so it didn't appear to be the problem. Unfortunately, reliable Internet access is a common problem at hotels we've stayed at.We plan on returning to the Hampton when we're in Chicago again.	
Jul 28 2007 	Business Travelers Beware	Business travelers should avoid this hotel. The front desk service was horrible. I stood at the desk for 20 minutes before they were able to give me a room and this was after 6 pm. The hotel was full of families, so maybe this property is better suited for families. The halls were very noisy all night. The room wasn't the cleanest: the floor was dirty, the wall paper was pealing, and the room smelled of smoke (even though it was a non-smoking room). If you are traveling for business, find a better place.	
Jul 16 2007	Would stay here again in a heartbeat	Recently we visited Chicago and stayed at the Hampton Inn. We had a corner suite which was perfect for us. The staff friendly and accommodating and ready at a moments notice to help. The location was very convenient - right on the blue trolley line to Navy Pier and within walking distance of Michigan Avenue, the Magnificent Mile, theaters and good restaurants. Great stay and would stay here again.	
Jul 3 2007	The absolute best hotel	The Hampton Inn and Suites in downtown Chicago is truly an outstanding hotel for many reasons. First the room is very clean the bed is comfortable. Second the staff is very helpful and very professional. Third the location is very good.What separates this hotel are the little things. The hotel has a spa, pool, sauna, and fitness center. In the pool area, there are ample towels so you don't have to go to the front desk to get them. In addition there are many water bottles in the fitness room saving time and money after a workout.In addition there is an excellent breakfast including breads, hot and cold cereal, fruit, hot choices which change daily, teas, and juices. Today the hot choices were sausages and French toast which I didn't like. I mentioned this to the staff and they offered to make me eggs and waffles which were great. They just find every way to go out of their way for you at this hotel.There is also a computer room with 4 terminals in case you want to connect to the internet. There is a printer as well.I would stay here again and again and recommend this for everyone.	
Jul 2 2007	Great reunion of very old friends	Our group of lady friends of 65+ years recently stayed at the Hampton Inn in downtown Chicago. We had a corner suite which was perfect for us. Even the sofa sleeper was comfortable. The staff was some of the friendliest we have ever encountered - always ready to help us. The location was very convenient - right on the blue trolley line to Navy Pier. It is within walking distance of Michigan Avenue, the Magnificent Mile, theaters and good restaurants. When it is time for our group to return to Chicago we will be staying at the Hampton Inn.	
Jun 26 2007 	Great Girls trip	Recently we visited Chicago and stayed at the Hampton Inn. We couldn't have had a more delightful trip. The location was central to most activities. . shopping, tours &amp; restaurants. The staff was attentive from the moment we stepped out of the cab to Sonya in the breakfast room. Chicago you are our kind of place!!!We loved the Millineium Park, Art Institute, Cultural center, Hancock Building, Field museum, etc. The flowers were beautiful and on every street, corner, windowbox, and even the river!We will be back	
Jun 26 2007	Family Friendly	Would highly recommend for families. We stayed with our 2 girls, aged 11 and 6 and location was great for us. Is in walking distance of the theaters (saw Wicked, perfect for both girls) and walked there, got lost on way back but that is purely my fault, same thing with Am Girl. Anyone with a nominal sense of direction would be fine. Is close to many restaurants, - Frontera, Harry Caray, Rainforest , Uno's to name a few. We also hopped the free trolley, just down the street, that goes to Navy Pier.The pool area was clean with non slip mats surrounding it and a nice sun deck outside. The service was efficient and friendly, the free breakfast a big money saver, and the beds very comfy. We heard the fire trucks but didn't wake us up ever. We took a cab to catch the orange line to Midway and had a little trouble figuring that out as the cab dropped us on the corner so it took a little longer than planned but worked out.	
Jun 25 2007	Great Family Hotel	We stayed here for four days in mid June 2007. The hotel was in a great location. We did hear the sirens from the next door fire station a few nights but it was tolerable. The room was clean and the beds were comfortable. The kitchenette was a bit tired-the cabinets were banged up. The breakfast buffet was OK. One day it was good but the other three days it was mediocre and on the weekend it was PACKED with people. But for the price this hotel was a fabulous deal in downtown Chicago and a great place to stay with kids. Friendly staff.	
Jun 25 2007 	A Good Stay June 17-21st 2007	Our family of five stayed at the Hampton Inn &amp; Suites at 33 West Illinois from June 17th to the 21st. We stayed in room 419, a corner suite overlooking both Illinois and Dearborn Streets. It was close to the elevators, but that didn't bother us. The hallways were very quiet at night--no wild partying going on. Our check-in was fast and error-free. The room had a bedroom with two full beds. In the living room there is a fold-out couch/bed, which was miserable and fit only for children. There is enough space in either room for a fold-out cot which were 10 dollars a night. The hotel is convenient to the free trolleys and to the buslines and many of the interesting restaurants (Ed Debevics, Gino's East, House of Blues, Harry Caray's etc). Yes, there is a fire station at Dearborn and Ilinois, but I don't think there would be any hotel around that wouldn't hear their runs. They have three ambulances and three fire apparatus, and they do go on a lot of runs. You can also go to the station and buy Chicago Fire Department t-shirts from one of the guys--just ask one of the guys sitting around outside. Nice shirts/reasonable price. Everybody wanted one. I was very impressed by the employees all the way around--they were polite and courteous and were always handing out cold water bottles! The room was clean and new enough. The beds and bedding were clean and in good condition. The bathroom lacks a powerful ceiling fan. The kitchen area was clean and it was so nice to have a fridge to keep our food in!The pool/jacuzzi/sundeck was clean and fairly underutilized while we were there. We never saw more than 8 other people anywhere around. The breakfasts were good--a different main course every day, from scrambled eggs to french toast sticks to biscuits and gravy. Add in the daily bagels, toast, fruit and juices and you easily had a meal for the family. If you have trouble getting a wireless signal on your laptop, the front desk will loan you a LAN gig, which you plug into your computer. It worked for us, although we had to keep the LAN antennas higher than the desk (on top of a lamp) to get a reliable signal.In summary, we had a very good experience at the Hampton Inn Suites. Besides that foldout couch, I can't think of a bad thing to say about the Hampton Inn and Suites.	
Jun 22 2007 	Great Stay	Stayed 6 nights with 3 teens &amp; 1 tween. Great location, close to dining, train stop, Michigan Ave., etc. Pool &amp; hot tub were nice.Rooms were clean &amp; housekeeping did a great job. Rooms with kitchenettes are available and a nice size. Beware of side with firestation below. We had to get used to hearing sirens throughout the night. Great stay and would stay here again.	
May 30 2007 	FABULOUS STAY!!!	We stayed at the 33 Illinois Avenue Hampton Suites from May 24 through May 29, 2007. What a great experience! The bed was large, clean, and comfy, with a beautiful white duvet and fluffy pillows. The room was large, had a reading chair with ottoman, a desk/desk chair, cable tv, in-room movies, free wireless internet, and a bar/counter with a built-in refrigerator, microwave, and bar sink. The bathroom had shampoo, conditioner, mouthwash, and moisturizer, along with fluffy towels.The breakfast buffet, hands down, was the best I ever had in a hotel. Every day there were 2 or more hot items (varying between eggs, sausage, biscuits &amp; gravy, and french toast), along with donuts, muffins, bagels, english muffins, jams, butter/margarine, peanut butter, and honey. There were also 3 different coffees, hot chocolate mix, milk, and 4 juices. Then there was the fresh fruit, and a ton of fresh bananas (and always fresh whole apples available in the lobby). Then there was a big choice of cold cereals, packets of oatmeal and grits, and yogurt. It was just amazing - with a staff that was friendly and just kept bringing stuff out.The staff at the front desk was informative, friendly, and helpful. They were willing to help with directions, getting cabs, storing our luggage after checkout but before we had to leave for the airport, etc. All in all, at a rate of under $200 (when the surrounding properties were well over that), we felt very lucky with the location (close to the El and the free trolley to the Navy Pier and points in between), the staff, the accommodations, the cleanliness, and the breakfast. It was a marvelous stay! Highly recommended!	
May 27 2007 	Great Hotel Staff and location	I am at the Hampton for Memorial Day weekend. We have a corner suite on the 7th floor. the beds are super comfortable. We did hear a lot of sirens, but we got used to it after the 1st night. the breakfast is ok, not great but worked very well for us. We got a tray and took the food to our suite. The suite was awesome, my girls--11 year old twins said it was the nicest room they ever had and they've stayed in a lot of hotels. We have a big living area, with a dining area, kitchen and a separate bedroom. The corner suite has windows on two sides--lots of windows all the way across the wall. The pool and hot tub are nice, we've used them every night. I asked the maid for extra towels, and they were there today. I left a tip on the coffee maker and it's still there after maid service. We'll have to leave it when we check out. I really can't say enough good things about this hotel, great service from the staff--they are all very friendly and helpful. We came here to see the Mag Mile and museums and spend the day at American Girl Place and so far we have had a wonderful stay. We paid $199 a night for a corner suite 3 blocks off Michigan Ave, a great deal at a wonderful hotel. We have stayed at several Hampton's and will continue to do so. A really nice hote for the price. Highly recommend for families.	
Apr 28 2007 	Great Hotel	Stayed here for 4 nights. The most comfortable bed I have ever slept in with a choice of 4 pillows. Service was excellent - check in took less than 2 minutes. XL bed and large room. Complimentry buffet breakfast and free internet access are thrown in aswell. I would stay here again if I returned to Chicago.	
Apr 11 2007 	April 2-6 stay	Would have given them a 5 star rating but for the Chicago fire department. Not sure if any part of the hotel can escape the early morning sirens. Any room facing Illinois St. will definitely hear the noise (like being in a canyon). Maybe someone else can comment on rooms that don't face Illinois St.Otherwise our room was very comfortable, and pretty big. The bed made it hard to get up in the morning.The breakfast was better than continental, but not as good as some suite hotels that provide an on site chef. You do get some hot items, (eggs one day, waffles and sausage another). Otherwise, normal cold items like cereal, bagels, fresh fruit.Our cost, for downtown Chicago, was pretty good, $161 plus taxes per night.Public transportation was very convenient. Subway, 1 block. Busses 1 block. If you're visiting, try to leave the car at home and buy a CTA visitors pass. We paid for it within the first day.	
Apr 9 2007	Sitting in the Lobby right now.....	Well, not a great way to get started. ...I'm sitting in the lobby right now. I have been waiting for almost THREE HOURS for my room to be ready. To be fair, it appears that check-in time is 3:00. I arrived at 11:30. So, sure, I can't expect a room to be ready. Sure, no problem. I had lunch, went to the business center, and otherwise sat around the lobby. I gave the desk clerks space to have housekeeping get things together. I checked in with them I think 3-4 times to see if my room is ready. Each time they told me pretty soon, and I said, sure, I understand, Sure, no problem.They said that they'd expedite my room cleaning. I have heard them call housecleaning. But to no avail.....I am still waiting -- UNBELIEVABLE. I wouldn't really mind so much if I weren't in the situation right now where I have to be cleaned up, dressed and ready for a business appointment in let's see... about an hour and fifteen minutes.I explained this to the front desk, and --again, they are the nicest front desk people,-- and they said they understand, but here I am. This is incredibly frustrating....I don't understand anymore, and now it is getting to be a problem.I think TripAdvisor reviews are really helpful. I'll keep you posted if this stay gets any better.	
Apr 3 2007	Near firefighters...	We've stayed at the Hampton Inn, downtown Chicago, from march 25 to 31, 2007. Generally, we liked our stay. Although the hotel was clean, well located, with very comfortable rooms (the beds are awsome!) and good service, it has a few bad sides worth mentionning. First: the presence, just across the street, of a firefighter station. And let me tell you there are lots of fires in Chicago and that sirens and lights are the rule to get there. Second, the breakfasts. The concept is very convenient, the food is fresh, but unless a bad coffee and some doughnuts is a breakfast to you, you might be a little disappointed.In conclusion: not a bad choice, but bring ear plugs!	
Mar 22 2007 	Perfect for families!	This is not a luxury hotel, but it is clean, comfortable, and nicely decorated. The price is AMAZING for what you get! We chose this hotel to stay in over the holidays because we wanted a &quot;living room&quot; where the kids could hang their stockings, we could open Christmas gifts, etc. We found the hotel to be perfect for our needs. The location is fantastic - close to lots of great activities and sightseeing. The complimentary breakfast was nothing special, but it was fine for two young children. We found the staff to be helpful and pleasant. If we need hotel accommodations on our next trip to Chicago, we will definitely stay at the Hampton Inn Downtown again.	
Feb 20 2007	Good hotel with a great downtown location	Recently spent 5 nights here for an long weekend city vacation. Aside from a few minor points, great place to stay.Checkin was quick and front desk staff were friendly and helpful. Room was a large twin double and was clean and in good condition. If you travel with your laptop then you'll find the complimentary wireless internet a boon. On several mornings I found the speed to be either extremely slow or non-existent. This could be because early morning is a peak usage time. Other times it was hi-speed as advertised.The free breakfast was so so, with plenty of buns and pastries if that's your thing. Complementary coffee was also available throughout the day from the breakfast room. Note that this appears to be a popular hotel with families, so if your staying over the weekend then get to breakfast early as the room gets rather full.Location wise this hotel is great, being only a few blocks from downtown attractions and the nearest subway station. Good selection of restaurants also within a few minutes walking distance. One word of caution. On the street corner opposite is the fire department. If you're a light sleeper then you may find the frequent fire engine sirens a problem.Would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay here again.	
Jan 3 2007	Really enjoyed this hotel	We traveled over the holidays to see Chicago at Christmas - with kids. This hotel was great for a family. Probably not enough upscale atmosphere or pampering for a truly romantic visit without kids, but with the kids in tow it was perfect. We had a very clean, large, comfortable suite with a full kitchen. The staff was very helpful and nice. The location was great. We walked all over town. The pool area was nice and clean. I would recommend this property for travelers seeking an inexpensive, clean, comfortable room with good location!	
Nov 23 2006 	Great hotel	Visited here as went to Wrestlemania and stayed for 3 nights. Great value hotel. Had a 1 bed suite which was massive with kitchenette area, bathroom and large lounge with large tv and double sofa bed. Free tea and coffee all day and night and near all attractions, such as sears tower and navy pier. We walked to and from all of these although buses and taxis are plentiful. Enjoyed the city and if went back would definately stay at Hampton Inn. Did not hear fire engines like other guests have said. Hotel swimming pool was nice with hot tub and gym. Breakfast was free at hotel and was good. Selection was only small but better than expected for free. Free selection of cereals and juices as well. Had a very enjoyable stay, hotel was excellent value, staff were all nice and this was as good if not better than some 4 star hotels have stayed in. The only thing to be cautious of was bell boy getting cars if requesting to go to airport or in our case hotel in O'hare. He gives a set price and asks his mate to take you but it is more expensive than a taxi on a meter. I had read another review about him and they were right. I insisted I wanted a taxi instead and he was a bit too pushy about it but in the end got in taxi. Apart from him had a brill time and definately stay there again.	
Nov 7 2006 	Great hotel.	Great location. Good size room. Very clean.Good front desk and reservation service.Only minor complaint is very near major downtown firehouse with lots of emergency vehicles with sirens during the night. Ok with us because we have the same near our home.	
Oct 28 2006 	Great Experience	Four of us stayed at the Hampton for a &quot;Girls' Day(s) Out&quot; and had a terrific experience. The hotel's Mission decor was delightful, the linens luxurious, the rooms much larger than expected and absolutely spotless, and the staff exemplary. Since we are all &quot;of a certain age,&quot; we were a bit concerned about venturing out sans husbands, but the staff was so helpful that our concerns vanished within 15 minutes. They gave us excellent advice and were so efficient about making (and changing) dinner reservations. When we checked out, they told us they would miss us and begged us to stay another day. Believe me, we would have loved the opportunity since Chicago is such a great city and the people (and taxi drivers) so friendly.We found the area very safe and walked almost everywhere, though we did take taxis to Michigan Ave. so we could conserve our strength for shopping! We found excellent restaurants in the area, particularly Le Colonial (French Vietnamese, very upscale) and Keefers for steaks (a bit pricey but absolutely delicious). Also liked Weber's Grill for a quick, modestly priced meal before the theater (very good ribs). The hotel breakfast was more than adequate and so convenient. Though I am normally not a fan of Hampton Inns (except for overnight stops when we are on the road), this one is definitely vacation quality at a good price. I look forward to returning with my husband for a longer stay.	
Oct 14 2006 	Fabulous	Fabulous room with kitchen and tv lounge. The room was large and comfortable.I had gotten sick during my stay the and staff did everything possible to make me comfortable. This is the only hotel that I will stay in from now on in Chicago. Close to restaurants, drugstore, Amtrak, etc. Fabulous!!!!!	
Oct 9 2006 	BEWARE!	We booked a Suite for a weekend stay in Chicago, but when we arrived at the hotel, we were told we had booked a room and that no suites were available. Our relatives, who also stayed at the Hampton Inn, had also booked a Suite but were also told they had not done so and could only have a room when they arrived. It did not matter they had a writen confirmation (which we did not have) that they had booked a Suite, they did not get it. So, BEWARE when you book with this otherwise OK hotel. GET IT IN WRITING. It may not get you the Suite you booked upon arrival, but at least , you can argue. And it will keep the staff from adding insult to injury by insinuating it's your problem, not theirs.	
Oct 4 2006 	Great Hotel	Just returned from a 4 nite stay at this Hampton. Loved this place!! Have stayed in many different Chi-town hotels in the past, but will now return when possible to this Hampton. This hotel was beautifully decorated &amp; updated. We stayed in one of their King Suites &amp; it was awesome. Huge room with full kitchen &amp; separate Living Room &amp; separate Bedroom. Bathroom was very nice size with separate vanity/dressing area. Never a lack of hot water or water pressure for showers. Hotel staff was always helpful &amp; friendly. They have a great complimentary breakfast buffet each AM in their Huge Hospitality Suite. Also have 24 hr. free access to hot coffee &amp; several other beverages in the Hospitality Suite. Fruit baskets are always full in the main Lobby for your free access to fruit.. Beds are plush &amp; comfortable with a choice of pillows for you to chose from in your room. Hotel is close to the free trolley line &amp; Navy Pier is within walking distance. City noise can be annoying if you are not use to the typical noises of a Big City.	
Oct 1 2006 	Would highly recommend the Hampton Inn and Suites.	We recently spent 3 nights in a corner suite in the Hampton Inn.It was wonderful, plenty space, very comfortable beds, very clean and nicely decorated. The staff were very friendly and helpful.The pool was great. The breakfast excellent.We considered the hotel to be in an excellent location and to be great value.	
Sep 5 2006 	Great Hotel for Families but not Perfect	We had a mini family reunion at this hotel over Labor Day weekend. We reserved 4 rooms for 7 adults and 4 children: 2 with king bed, 1 with 2 doubles and one king suite. The suite was connected to the room with 2 doubles and the living space served as a kind of gathering area for all of the families. It was nice having a refrigerator in the suite. Our breakfasts were substantial - there was always a hot choice, many cold choices and a selection of fruits, juices and hot drinks - pretty typical for Hampton Inns. The breakfast area was sufficiently large to accomodate all comers. We enjoyed the choice of pillows in our rooms and the new duvets. Everything was quite clean.The hotel is well-situated with many family-friendly restaurants within walking distance. We ate at Boston Blackie's (huge burgers at reasonable prices) and Lalo's (Mexican with a great maharichi band - lots of fun for everyone). The concierge was more than willing to give advice on where to go and how to get there. Most of the attractions did require the use of some sort of transportation whether it be taxi, bus or subway. Taxis were readily available, the subway station was a block away and bus stops were nearby.Because there were a couple of negatives about this hotel I can not give it the highest rating, however. As previous reviewers have said, there is a fire station on the next block - you do hear the sirens if you are on the Dearborn Street (west) side. We were on the 4th floor - maybe if you were higher up (the hotel is 11 or 12 stories high) it would be quieter. Your best bet though for avoiding the noise is to stay on the Hubbard Street (south) side. My second complaint is that housekeeping would not show up until 5 PM each day. By that time, we had finished running around for the day and were returning to the hotel to relax before dinner. The hotel staff explained that housekeeping had until 5:30 to make up the rooms - an absolutely ridiculous policy - perhaps they were short handed but thats their problem, not mine.All of this being said, I would recommend this hotel to others but with reservations. You can't beat the price, especially for the suites which were only a few dollars extra. The free breakfasts are also a plus.	
Aug 17 2006 	An excellent find.	My wife and I just returned from our fourth annual visit to Chicago. We stayed in Holiday Inn hotels the first three years, with good results. When booking this year's trip we saw that all hotels in central Chicago are more expensive, so we decided to shop around. Lucky for us we chose Homewood Suites. The location is excellent for our kind of tourism -- close to Michigan Avenue, so we can see the Magnificent Mile and Millennium Park and all the related sights and sounds. In the other direction, easy to walk to some of our favourite River North restaurants. This year we discovered the Blue Chicago club and store. The suite was small, but it had everything we needed. Yes, you have to go through the bedroom to get to the bathroom, but we were travelling without kids, so no problem. The hotel itself has good sound-proofing. There were many families staying there, but we didn't hear children unless we were in the hall or the elevator with them. We were on the 9th floor, so we didn't hear street noise. The complimentary dinner (called &quot;welcome reception&quot; features good food (middle-of-the-road, ideal for families with children) and perfectly good wine / beer. We slept in too late to catch the breakfast. Let other guests advise you on that. Restaurants withing walking distance in every price range, from burgers and hot dogs to fancy-fancy. The suite has a kitchenette with fridge, 2-burner stove, microwave and coffee-maker, plus dishes and cooking pots. Staff were helpful and attentive to detail and helpful whenever we asked. We hope to visit Chicago again next summer. This hotel will be the first place we check for accommodation.	
Aug 16 2006 	Very good accomodations and value	Stayed at Hampton Inn for a week July, 2006. Check-in was frienldy and expedient. Staff was helpful. Suite was clean and nice to have separate room for day-time lounging. King-sized bed and pillows very comfortable and firm (no typical mattress sag in the middle).Great value for family vacations. Free breakfast was a boon to get everyone started in the morning. Kids really enjoyed swimming in the pool, adults took advantage of the whirlpool and sauna. Close proximity to public transportation, downtown stores and restaurants, and various attractions.Would stay here again.	
Aug 13 2006 	Great Family Hotel	We stayed here with another family for a long weekend, and the hotel was every bit as good as most other reviews. Our two sons, ages 8 and 9, were comfortable on the sofabed in one room, while the grownups had their own room. Both rooms had TVs, which was great. The suite also had a full kitchen with refrigerator, dishwasher, stove, microwave, and dishes. We didn't really use the kitchen much, as there are countless good restaurants within walking distance. The room was very clean and functional. Free buffet breakfast was good as well, and the kids loved the indoor pool.The hotel location is excellent. The subway is one block away, and will take you right to Wrigley Field. A free shuttle to Navy Pier picks up just down the block. But so much is walkable.The staff was very accomodating at all times. The only negative at all was the lack of onsite parking. Valet parking was $38 per day, but you can save a few bucks if you park yourself at any one of the many garages nearby. We will definitely stay here again on our next visit.	
Aug 6 2006	Great Stay	Just returned from a two night stay at the Hampton Inn Downtown. It was our first trip to Chicago and we found this hotel to be in a great location. It was an easy walk to Michigan Avenue and also all the great restaurants in the River North area.Our room was very clean and had an updated bathroom and the &quot;new&quot; Hampton Inn beds. I love the fact that they now wash all the bedding after each guest including the duvet cover. The breakfast area was very nice with plenty of seating. It seemed much larger than those in most Hamptons. There was a small (but nice) indoor pool that our kids really enjoyed after long hot days of touring.At just over $200 per night, we felt this hotel was a great value considering its location in the heart of downtown. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 19 2006 	Fantastic!	I stayed at the Hampton Inn and Suite Downtown Chicago for one night on business and I have no complaints. It is located in a great area with plenty of restaurants nearby. The room was very clean and the bed was one of the best I've ever slept in, top notch. The breakfast buffet had a nice selection and was good quality. I would definitly recommend staying at this hotel.	
Jun 7 2006	Nice Hotel Great Service 	A good experience from start to finish - check in was easy and as we were on our honeymoon we were upgraded into a lovely suite with kitchenette facilities. Both the front desk and bell staff could not do enough to assist us and were very friendly and informative.The rooms were very clean and the beds were very,very comfortable! The hotel is in a good location and has some nice restaurants nearby - we would recomend the Thai down the road and the Rock Bottom Tavern for a good feed very close by. Didn't hear the sirens that other reviews mention - although we had previously been in NYC were they never stop so maybe we just got used to them?!?!The breakfast had the best variety of food we saw in our whole 10 week trip and there were enough tables that you didn't feel that you had to fight for a seat - the breakfast staff were also very friendly.It was a bit of a walk to the Navy Pier - but do-able and a pick up for the Hop on - Hop off trolley was only about 2 blocks away.I would recommend this hotel and if we ever go back to Chicago would not look to stay anywhere else!	
Jun 1 2006	Can't wait to return!	I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. Our family of five stayed in a two-room suite that was spacious and comfortable and clean. The beds and sofabed were all very comfortable. The suite had a kitchenette also. The location was great for using public transportation and touring Chicago. The staff was extremely helpful and answered all of our questions completely. There is a really good breakfast - besides the usual items on a continental breakfast, on one day, there were eggs scrambled with ham, and on another, sausage patties and french toast sticks. There is a very small store by the front desk if you want to buy cokes, snacks, etc., late at night - the front desk folks will open it for you. I got a good rate on Expedia (government rate). I will absolutely stay there the next time I am in Chicago.	
May 26 2006	Great Value Great Location Great Service	This hotel is exactly what we needed for our vacation to Chicago. The location is just north of downtown, so walking to the center of town (it takes about fifteen minutes) or taking the train was easy. It is also located just a few blocks from a terrific jazz club, the Magnificent Mile (with a large variety of restaurants) and the Hancock Tower. The service at the hotel is very friendly, professional and responsive; I really felt that they were happy to have us stay there. The breakfast has a lot of variety. The rooms were very clean, and the price was reasonable. The Hampton Inn and Suites fit our needs perfectly.	
May 24 2006	So-So	This hotel is in a good location to downtown/Mich. Avenue and shopping. Unfortunately it is also one block from the fire station and we heard sirens all night long. The other thing that I was disappointed with is that I think the purpose of a suite is to have a separate bedroom. The design of this hotel is such that you have to go through the bedroom to get to the bathroom, and the wash area is not even closed off from the bedroom. So, there is really no private sleeping area, which is what I look for in a suite. If you don't care about sharing the bedroom with the bathroom/vanity area, then it won't bother you, and if that's the case you're probably a heavy sleeper and the sirens won't bother you, either. Otherwise, it's a mediocre hotel that delivers what it advertises.	
Apr 28 2006 	Outstanding comfort and service	After doing extensive research, I chose this hotel for my school's traveling choir, and we stayed in 10 different rooms on several different floors. Every student and chaperone agreed unanimously that it was an outstanding place to stay. The location was great: near the EL and the Navy Pier trolley stop, within walking distance of the Magnificent Mile and the theater district. The suites were clean, spacious and well equipped, and the bed was extremely comfortable. The breakfast offered a wide variety of hot and cold foods, and the breakfast room was large and pleasant. The decor was very attractive--an arts and crafts motif. The most outstanding aspect for me was the service. When we had difficulties with some of our other travel arrangements, the entire desk staff and the group sales manager went out of their way to help us. I would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Apr 26 2006	Definitely Recommend for Family Stay - Close to Everything	We stayed with our tennage daughter. Decided to take Amtrak to Union Station and 'walk' as much as we could to save $$.The walk from Union Station was only about 1.2 miles. Nothing if you're active -- also gives you a good idea of what downtown Chi-Town is like.Of all the 'continental breakfast' situations I've experienced, this is the best. Change-out for fresh is done constantly and immediately. The selection is great. The only limiting selection is the warm eggs/sausage/stuff. Well, that usually isn't included. They did a great job with supplying and keeping the breakfrast fresh. A large room for all to sit in with the buffet style breakfast.There's great coffee, tea available all day.Very centrally located - within 2 to 3 blocks from the mag mile. We walked to the Art Institute with no problem (for walkers). We taxi'd several places with no crimp in our wallet (6$ to 11$ w/o tip). Very central to Mag Mile, Hancock, Art Inst., Union Station.There is a big grocery store not more than 3-4 blocks away for those that want to skrimp on food and booze. Also a Subway sandwiche and other places w/in 2 blocks. The place is very centrally located for many many good restaurants. The hotel is connected to two. Good eats there.	
Apr 18 2006	Superb - no hesitation in staying there again	I usually stay at the Hilton Garden across the street, but they were full midway thru my visit to Chicago, so thought I would try the Hampton Downtown.I was not disappointed - booked a suite and were given a corner suite on a higher floor,which had full kitchen, complete with pans, plates and flatware, dishwasher etc, also lounge, bathroom and kingsize bed. The room was spotless and cleaned and vacummed thoroughly each day throughout.Front desk staff were very friendly and helpful, allowing us early check-in and late check-out. Being on a higher floor we did not hear any of the sirens or club noise that other reviewers mentioned. Breakfast was free and plenty of tables available with a fair selection of hot and cold, and as usual with Hampton Inns, free coffee / tea 24 hours a day.The internet access was free and was quick and easy to connect any time day or night with fast speeds. Easy access to Michigan Avenue, and may eating places nearby, also the Red Line Chicago stop is only 1 block away.A bonus, as I was away from home for some time, is that they also have a laundry room on the 3rd floor with two washers and dryers which is open from 8am - 10pm.Would have no hesitation in staying there again.	
Apr 14 2006	great stay a little noisy	This hotel is very nice. Clean rooms, free internet, comfortable space, excellent value. I stayed for a week,on a business trip. I adored the service the hotel staff provided,they were some the nicest people. I had to have my TV repaired, and it was done in less than 30mins after I called the front desk.They offer a free breakfast each morning, but unless you like cereal,don't bother. The eggs were frozen scrambled eggs,as were the waffles, and biscuits. They have a business center with internet access,and use of a free printer. The noise problem comes fron the fire station across the street. It is VERY busy at all hours, plus on the first floor corner of the building is a night club,that is has very loud music &amp; patrons on weekends. I stayed in room 620,so try to get away from this end of the hotel. Good location,but word of caution on dining out,check the menus outside for prices, as here they can be very expensive. Walking distance to Red Lobster, Rain Forest, Hard Rock &amp; McDonalds,and Walgreen's. I will stay again when I return.	
Apr 11 2006	Great for Families or groups	I booked this hotel on Travelocity for its price, location and free breakfast. A little off the beaten path, but OK. My kids loved it! Tried to book a suite, but all were taken. Would have liked to stay an extra day, but the hotel was booked for a large group of high school students - we encountered them checking in at 11:00PM! The free internet was great - down the hall from the breakfast room, access by room key card. Room was standard 2 double bed room, clean, adequately furnished. We arrived early, and they held our bags for the day - nice! My son walked around late one night and chatted with one of the security guards who was very nice to him. Lots of kid-friendly restaurants in the area and a 7-11 &amp; Subway Sandwich shop around the corner. Very convenient to the El and buses, shopping on Michigan Avenue. No trouble to get a cab quickly from the front door.	
Mar 13 2006 	Look No Further	We stayed here for a week at the beginning of March 2006, largely on the strength of the reviews on this site.We were absolutely delighted with the hotel. We had an immaculately maintained suite, comprising a full kitchen, lounge, bedroom, and bathroom. The room was clean, the bedding was clean, and the AC worked, as did all the other equipment. The breakfasts were also really good - a wide range of very American breakfast fare - and there was also hot tea, coffee, etc available 24 hours a day in the dining room. The hotel staff were always courteous and helpful; and were interesting in what we were doing and where we had come from. The hotel is on a busy city block, and we were occasionally woken by sirens from the fire station next door, but this kind of thing goes with the territory. There are loads of bars and restaurants in the vicinity, the hotel is ideally placed for trips to the Loop or to Magnificent Mile, and the El stop is on the next block along. Like a previous reviewer, we were also amazed that this is only a 2* hotel. Any misgivings we had beforehand were swiftly allayed. I would stay at this hotel again without hesitation, and will look at the Hampton chain first the next time that I visit the USA.	
Feb 7 2006	Hilton should be Ashamed	this hotel is the most disgusting place i have ever styaed, there were HAIRS all over my room. the froint desk could NOT have cred less. Nothing was done to improve my stay. Stay anywhere but here!!!	
Jan 31 2006	No need to search any longer	Searched for hours on the web for best deal in Chicago. Settled on this hotel for best price and features. Extremely satisfied. Excellent breakfast-eggs with ham, french toast, mixed fresh fruit, donuts, muffins, etc. Very clean, excellent service, pool and whirlpool well maintained. Excellent value. Also, good location for downtown sites. Comfortable bed. Highly recommend-you won't be disappointed.	
Jan 7 2006	Great Place To Stay	We stayed in this hotel Dec 9 to Dec 11/05. We found it to be very clean and quiet. The room was large and the bed was very comfy.We stayed on the side facing the fire department, but did not find it bothersome at all.The breakfast was good, with both hot and cold selections. Close to buses and subway, lots of places to eat nearby and easy walk to mall.	
Jan 1 2006	Great Stay	I stayed here for 3 nights and have no real complaints.why I liked it:-I was able to check in early- Free breakfast. It wasn't great but it was free and I was able to put something in my stomach before I left in the morning. Eggs and sausages, fruits, cereals, oatmeal, yogurt, muffins, bagels, wheat bread, etc.- Close to Mag Mile and Subway. Took the subway from O'Hare about an hour ride but it only cost $1.75. Took the bus from Michigan Ave to the Lincoln Park Zoo and The Shedd Aqarium. Took the train and a bus to the Musuem of Science and Industry. Get the transit visitor's pass. It's worth it. You can not get it at the hotel or at the train station but you can get one at Jewel's grocery store on State Street right upstairs from the train station.-Night light in the bathroom, 4 pillows, clock radio, indoor pool, gym, business center with free internet access, you had to use your room key to enter the hotel late at night-Helpful and friendly staff, housekeeping did a great jobONLY COMPLAINT...I did not receive my free USA Today paper on any of the days I was there but they had a bunch in the breakfast room so it was okay.It is next to the Fire Station and you do hear the sirens but it's a city so you have to expect noise. It was not overbearing and I tuned it out after the first siren.	
Nov 25 2005	Best of Breed	Just returned from a 3 night stay at this much underated hotel. From the moment we arrived, when the desk person greeted us with a brief but comprehensive overview of the hotel until our quick and easy checkout, this hotel rates much more than the 2 1/2 stars some are rating it. The modern, clean conveniences including 4 pillows in our king size, 2 room suite and the complimentary full hot breakfast are but a few of the wonderful amenities you will find here. Great location too!!!! I highly, highly recommend a stay at the Hampton Inn &amp; Suites, downtown, Chicago.	
Oct 31 2005	Wonderful six-person suite!	My husband and I spent the weekend of Oct. 29-30 with two other couples in the six-person suite, and the whole experience was wonderful. As you may know if you've tried to find a suite in downtown Chicago that can accommodate three couples, they're extremely rare; pretty much the only other ones available are at super-expensive luxury hotels. The Hampton Inn offered excellent service, lovely decor, high-quality and varied breakfast and a spacious room, all for a reasonable price.Our suite had a bedroom with two double beds, plus a queen-sized pullout couch in the living room. All of the beds were very comfortable. There were two TVs - one in the living room and one in the bedroom - and the kitchen area had a full-sized fridge, two-burner stove, dishwasher, microwave, 10-cup coffeemaker, and table. The entire suite was about 550 square feet - a little tight for six people and their belongings, but not at all bad.The pool, hot tub and fitness room were all very nice, and so was the breakfast room. The morning we were there, there were four kinds of coffee, plus tea and hot chocolate; biscuits, gravy and eggs; fresh fruit; dry cereal and oatmeal; yogurt; bagels; muffins; danishes; and toast. The room also had plenty of tables and chairs to accommodate all guests.The hotel is also in an excellent location - an easy walk from Randolph Street train station, Millennium Park, the Art Institute, Michigan Avenue, the river, Union Station, etc. Finally, the staff was very gracious and eager to serve, and the decor is truly lovely. I'm not one to care much whether the wall art is bad or the bedspread is ugly, but the mission-style decor all throughout the hotel was delightful.	
Oct 25 2005	What a find	Have just returned to England after a trip to USA. Spent 4 nights at Hampton Inn and Suites Chicago Downtown. Had used Trip Advisor to research hotels in downtown area and this hotel seemed to tick all of our boxes. We were not disappointed. All the staff that we came onto contact with were heplful and polite. We stayed in a king studio which was very clean and with lovely decor. Central for all tourist activities and the free trolley bus to Navy Pier was a bonus, picks up almost outside hotel. Surprised hotel is only rated 2 star.	
Oct 25 2005	Best Bet for your $$$$$	This hotel is much nicer than one would think, having a 2 star rating. It is the best kept secret in town!!! We were there for 3 nights, our 2-room suite was very spacious. They had a nice hot breakfast every day. Coffee is available throughout the day. There is a room down the hall where you can access the internet free. This hotel is very centrally located near the subway, Chicago Trolley for city tour, walking distance to just about any place you want to see. It is right next door to Ruth Chris Steak House. It is located in the River North area. The only complaint I have is that the Hotel Bell Porter talked us out of taking a taxi to the airport and used strong persuasion to convince us to hire what I thought was an airport shuttle service @ $10 per person. There were 4 of us. When he took us to the car, it was a regular sedan with no company markings. I came to realize that this was just private citizen taking us to the airport. If we took the taxi, it would have cost us approximately $25-$30 total. It worked out, but I was uncomfortable knowing that it was not really a shuttle company. I didn't appreciate the Bell Porter using his persuasion tactics, maybe he got a kickback.But going back to the hotel, it was the best for the $$$$. Everyone else was very kind and helpful. I would stay there again in a heartbeat!!	
Oct 21 2005	Nice clean convenient resonably priced	I didn't know this was a 2 star hotel until writing this review. I just returned from a three day stay and enjoyed my time. The hotel is done in an Arts and Crafts style, and while the decor is not lavish, it is clean and feels recently updated. Our room was on the 5th floor facing another building, but we didn't spend much time there anyway. The room is comprised of two rooms-a living/eating/kitchen area and a bed/bath area. All were well maintained and clean. The sofa bed in the living room wasn't too bad to sleep on, either. If you're into TV, there are two; one in the living room and one in the bedroom. The kitchen area has a good size fridge, microwave, dishwasher, and stove. There are also dishes and pots and pans. While we did not use them, they mght be useful if staying for a while with kids. We used our glasses on the first day, and before we knew it, housekeeping had run them through the dishwasher. The pool/sauna/hot tub area was good-very clean and plenty of towels. The free breakfast was also good, for what it was. There was plenty of pastry, muffins, bagels etc., in addition to a hot meal (eggs, sausage) and cereal, milk, juice, fresh fruit, and yogurt. It was nice not to have to buy breakfast, so we could plurge on dinner.	
Sep 27 2005	Very happy with the Hampton	Just got back from a two-day trip to Chicago; we had a great stay at the Hampton Inn and Suites. My husband, my two preschool-age sons, and I found the king-bed suite very comfortable and convenient. The separate living area was perfect--the kids ate at the handy counter/table in the kitchenette. Everyone was very helpful: The bellhop immediately called down to get us a crib when we realized our room didn't have one (I had requested one in my phone call a few days earlier); it was delivered right away.The location in River North is ideal--close to so many restaurants, and there's a free trolley to Navy Pier just down the street (our only minor complaint during our whole stay: my husband had to wait almost 40 minutes for the trolley, with the two kids in tow).Overall, we had a great time. We would definitely return again.	
Sep 16 2005 	Great Location  Highly Recommended	I spent about a week at the Hampton Inn on a business trip, and really have nothing but good things to say about the hotel. It is only about a 15 minute walk to the center of the Loop, very close to the Miracle Mile, and near a number of great restaurants. Not having a car, I was able to get to a number of Chicago landmarks conveniently by foot. The hotel building is in very good shape, the rooms are comfortable, and meet all my expectations as a business traveler. I had a full desk with high-speed internet access. Also, the service was excellent. I travel to Chicago fairly regularly, and the Hampton Inn is one of my top two choices of hotels in downtown Chicago.	
Aug 2 2005	Great hotel - location! location! location!	Our family just came back from Chicago for three nights this past weekend. We have two boys, 6 and 4. For a two star hotel, this is one great hotel. The location is the best part about this hotel: (1) it's 1.5 blocks from the FREE(!!) trolley, which goes to the navy pier (until midnight), Field museum, Adler planetarium, Soldier Field, up and down Michigan Ave, Lincoln Park Zoo, etc. (remember, only the navy pier trolley goes until midnight; the other free trolleys stop at 6pm); (2) the hotel is also 1.5 blocks from the subway station, for those who want to go Wrigley Field - a very short ride; (3) about 4 blocks from Michigan Ave, for shopping or to pick up a bus; we took the bus to the Museum of Science &amp; Industry. Every morning, we would have a great breakfast that the hotel put out; eggs one day, waffles (not the best tasting, though) the other day; the &quot;hot&quot; breakfast was different every day. Or you can choose to eat cereal (great for our boys), bagels, muffins (chocolate, too; but you have to be fast or early; they go quickly); fruits like banana or apple. The swimming pool is nice and clean, but just a bit on the cool side for my wife. My older son and i had fun swimming there. My wife and the younger son enjoyed the hot whirlpool. The room (we only got the regular room; two beds - reading the other reviews, i would suggest getting the suite; they sound pretty nice) was pretty good. The front desk staff were great. They were very helpful, patient (i had lots of questions about where to go, how to go, etc.), and very polite. Yes, parking is expensive in Chicago. If you want to valet park, it's $36/day, with in/out as much as you want. We chose to park our minivan ourself. In fact, there is a self parking lot only 20 yards from the hotel. It cost me $55 for three days, and i was able to take our van out one day after 4pm. It's usually $20/day, and you have to pay each time you go in and out. So, if you can tolerate the public transportation system in Chicago and don't need your car for your hotel stay, self park right next to the hotel. We had a great time, especially at the navy pier - good food, lots of kids stuff to do (Children's museum, ferris wheel, 18 hole miniature golf).	
Jul 4 2005	loved the Hampton Inn and Suites	Stayed for four nights. Excellent hotel. Great location (close to free trolley stop, easy walk to Navy Pier for &quot;walkers&quot;). Hotel staff was very professional yet personable. Buffet breakfast was more than enough for us with fresh fruit and a variety of muffins, bagels, eggs, etc. This was a girls getaway and the four of us stayed in a one-bedroom suite which was roomy, clean and comfortable. Great rate too. Highly recommend this hotel.	
May 2 2005	Hampton Inn - a good choice	We just returned from five nights at the Hampton Inn and Suites and thought there was great value for the money. The rooms and pool area were standard. The location was great and just a block from the train station and there were good restaurants within walking distance. The continental breakfast was excellent and included hot dishes, fresh fruit and the usual breads, muffins and cereal. Most important the people at the front desk were helpful, pleasant and seemed to enjoy tourists. We would stay there again.	
Apr 8 2005	Chicago Hampton Inn 	From our arrival, the bellman, front desk, guest services manager were all cheerful, professional, and friendly. Our room was very spacious and well-equipped for a big city hotel. The price was very reasonable too.The hotel is very clean, and the expanded continental breakfast includes hot food---the best deal around! There is a nice little workout area, outdoor patio, and swimming pool &amp; hot tub.The restaurants, city attractions--are endless---and only a short $5 cab ride or walking distance to numerous locales. I would recommend this hotel to business people or families...a great all-around value!!! I will return. AAA+++	
Feb 13 2005	Great place to stay	We stayed just before Christmas 2004. Great value with senior rate, very clean, free breakfast too! The mini kitchen was good for snacks and coffee. We didn't use the pool it was being redone. No noise problems with fire station nearby, we couldn't have asked for more. 	
Jan 22 2005	great experience	Nice rooms, great price. Can't beat it. I will stay here when I want to stay on that side of the river.	
Dec 14 2004	Excellent value!	We stayed at this hotel December 11, 2004. It was in a good location only about 4 blocks west of Michigan Avenue (and only about 3 blocks from the back entrance to Nordstroms). We were told the rooms had been redecorated about a year ago. Our room was very welcoming and comfortable. We liked the fact that they enclosed the bathroom sink area with lower cabinets that provided for extra enclosed storage. The staff was very friendly and helpful and ready to attend to any of our needs. Breakfast was good and the eating area bright with many windows. We had booked early on their website so the price was right for Chicago (during this holiday season) and we plan on staying there again.	
Nov 25 2004	Loved It!	Wonderful hotel! Polite Staff, Clean Rooms, Free HOT breakfast in the morning including eggs, and sausage biscuits. Pool looked lovely, but didn't have a chance to use it. My room was on ly 9'th floor, and it only took 15 seconds in the elevator from the library. My only complaint is that when we called the front desk, (ext. 0 ), no one answered after atleast 20 rings. Even though it was clearly stated to call that extension any time. But, that was not a big issue! Beware of the gift shop, $2.00 for a 5 pack of gum! I highly recommend this hotel for all people coming to the downtown Chicago Area! It was a lot of fun!	
Oct 4 2004	Hampton Inn Great Choice	We arrived 5 hours prior to check-in time so that we could go to an early Cubs game and leave our car at the hotel. It worked out perfectly...the bellman was courteous, the desk staff allowed us to secure our bags in a safe room, and we took off to the game. The location is great as the entrance to the subway is only a block and a half away. We enjoyed the game, returned later in the afternoon, and had our bags brought up to the room. The room was great...a two room king suite, two TV's, large bathroom, on the 5th floor overlooking the indoor pool and not the street, so it was very quiet, too. The spacious room was clean, had a microwave with a free bag of popcorn, fridge, coffeepot, hairdryer, and safe. The two 11 year old boys traveling with us were able to hook up their X-box game system without a problem. The pay per view movies were a nice touch too. The indoor pool, sauna and whirlpool were on the 2nd floor, and they were very nice too. There were clean towels, and it adjoined the workout room. The hot breakfast the next morning was more than adequate...biscuits and gravy, eggs, toast, bagels, rolls, juice, milk, cereals, etc. All in all, I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to Chicago. We were a very short distance from ESPN Zone for the kids, Lou Malnati's pizza on Wells was great, and you could also walk to the Rainforest Cafe. The one and only drawback was a very large tax on our room of over $25 from the City of Chicago. It was not a very welcome surprise but one you should be made aware of.	
Aug 6 2004	Great Location Great Value!!	My husband and daughter and I stayed at this hotel from Aug 1 - 5. I spent a bit of time prior to our trip familiarizing myself with the various areas in downtown Chicago and the hotels in the area. I had a budget I wanted to stick to and chose this hotel because if offered a great AAA rate that was about 1/2 the cost of the other hotels in the surrounding areas. At first I was a bit skeptical. Cheap doesn't always mean good and my only expectation honestly was that it be clean and in a relatively safe part of town since we'd be walking alot.We arrived on Aug 1 and were impressed by the hotel as we pulled up in the drive way. We were greeted by the valet parking attendant who was very helpful. Parking is $36US per day Valet or $30 per day Self Park. The car is parked around the block in a lot across the street from the House of Blues Hotel. Check in was quick and the staff was very polite and courteous. We had a Non Smoking Deluxe King room and I had requested a higher floor when I made reservations. There are 12 floors in the building. We were in room 921 on the ninth floor. The room was very clean and had everything we needed. The washroom was very clean and the room looked new. Yes the fire station was across the street and the first night we left the window open and were awakened a few times by sirens but with the windows closed it wasn't too bad. We could have requested a room change but it was no big deal to us.A free breakfast was served on the 2nd floor each morning from 6 am until 10 am. We realized the first night that there was an hour time difference between Toronto and Chicago as we had requested a wake up call for 8:15 and it was 8:45 am when we woke up. When we called Reception they told us it was 7:45 :-) Anyway breakfast was decent. You could certainly choose to have something to get your day started. They had bagels and toast, danishes, muffins, cereals, yogurt, juices, milk, coffee and tea and each day there were 2 hot breakfasts available. Usually eggs that looked like pancakes and sausages that looked like hamburger patties. No fresh fruit except apples and oranges.The hotel has a pool on the 2nd floor and a fitness room which had a nice selection of equipment and a walk out to a small outdoor patio. There is also a business center on the 2nd floor with free internet access to hotel guests which we used on a few occassions to check for restaurants and show tickets.The hotel is within walking distance to everything! 15 minutes to the Navy Pier (1 street all the way down to the waterfront) and 2-3 blocks to all the great shops. The ESPNZone is a few blocks away and so too are a good selection of restaurants like Harry Caray, Phil Stefani's...etc. and the free trolley service was a great option when we got tired of walking.The people were very friendly and the city much more laid back than NYC. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting downtown Chicago .	
Aug 3 2004	Great people at the Hampton Suites in dowtown Chicago	The staff was courteous,friendly and helpful whether it be for directions,transportation. or a great place to eat. Three days after we left, they called our home concerning lost clothing. They WILL get our business on the next visit to Chicago.	
Aug 2 2004	Excellet Hotel	Excellent stay. Nice, clean two room suite. Package included 4 sodas and four passes for the ferris wheel. Would stay again	
Jul 20 2004	Wonderful fun!	My 3 friends and I stayed at this hotel. The staff was very helpful and friendly. We all slept really well, the mattresses were so great my friend wrote down the brand name to buy one herself. The breakfast choices were much better than your average hotel. It was a joy to stay there and we will again.	
Jun 19 2004	Four year olds happy at Hampton	When traveling with two 4 year olds, vacations can be heaven or hell. From the moment we arrived, the staff (valet, front desk, breakfast staff etc) were more than accomodating to my family. The two little ones were sound asleep when we pulled up to the hotel. I had called from the Shedd Aquarium to make sure our room was ready because I knew they would be fast asleep and did'nt want to be sitting in the lobby. The front desk had told me my room would be ready and it was!The room/suite was perfect. Room enough for the kids to have &quot;space&quot;, two TVs, and a kitchenette. Clean, nicely decorated, and great pillows.Warm indoor pool was great entertainment as well as the sun terrance. Breakfast was one of the best I have had as far as selection and it was served in a bright, cheery room. (Trix and LUcky Charms were a hit with the four year olds - while I got to enjoy my breakfast. Staff was helpful and very attentive. Nice mix of families and business travelers. Great neighborhood - we all walked to Michigan Avenue. Took the trolley to Navy Pier. Always felt safe. We did lots of things in Chicago - the favorite thing to my little ones - the pool at the hotel. :)My sister has already booked a room for a stay in August.	
May 16 2004	Superb value		
Mar 29 2004	What a Great Experience		
Mar 14 2004	5 Diamond 5 Star experience for a great value		
Jan 25 2004	Very Satisfied		
Dec 15 2003	Not As Promised		
Jun 2 2003	Great Hotel...if...		
Mar 12 2003	Great lodging in Near North		
Jan 3 2003	Hampton Downtown Chicago was Superb		
Jun 22 2002	Worst Hotel Ever		
May 7 2002	Hampton Inn is "Sweet"		
Aug 30 2008 	Bien situado		
Jul 12 2008 	Hotel discreto		
