Nov 23 2009 	Great spot for a meeting	Staff at the hotel made planning a meeting a piece of cake! Their event coordinator worked with me to take care of all the details: reserving rooms, meeting room setup, planning the menus, even dinner reservations. The staff also checked in several times throughout the day to make sure things were going smoothly. The meeting room was very plush - comfy leather chairs, executive table, whiteboard; however, the best part of this hotel is its convenient location - our travelers were happy to be checked in within minutes of landing. The Business Center and UPS store made it easy to send/receive packages, make copies, etc. The Andiamo restaurant has great food, though the portions are small and very pricey. The rooms are basic, but comfortable. Water pressure in the shower was great and the bed was nice and soft with lots of pillows. I was on the third floor and directly across from the airport but had no trouble sleeping - the curtains are thick enough to block out the lights and the fan in the room provides enough white noise to cover the flights coming in/taking off. Be aware, Wi-fi isn't free and the room service has very limited hours. While this isn't the place to go on with friends or for a romantic trip, it certainly fits the bill for a business meeting.	
Nov 22 2009 	Very comfy...but what's up with the wifi?	United put me up here after they delayed me and I missed a connection. I went straight to the bar. The drinks were quite pricey, but after joking and chatting with the bartender about my crappy day, the second drink was pretty strong (the first one wasn't bad, either). The room was quite clean, without any of the 'it's been remodeled once too many times and could use it again' look that so many hotel rooms have. I found it comfy. It was plenty quiet, but I arived late and left early, so I don't know how noise from traffic would be.And it had my holy grail of hotel room features: an automatic thermostat! No more 'low heat' white noise all night!But, Hilton Staff...$15 per day for internet access?!? Wilson tango foxtrot?!? And it didn't even work that well. TO their credit, when I mentioned it upon checkout, the clerk gave me contact info for a possible refund (it isn't through Hilton), and a coupon for breakfast.	
Nov 21 2009 	Not disappointed but not impressed either...	Room is comfortable but small.Parking is expensive, $45 per night for valet parking.Typical American breakfast buffet, no much variety.	
Nov 3 2009 	slightly better than sleeping in airport	For the cost of the hotel, I would expect a nicer, quieter room. I requested a room on a high floor away from the elevator and got a room on the 3rd floor next to the elevator and ice machine. The decor was dingy and poorly lit, the thermostat did not work, and I could hear every airplane, every car on the road below, every adjacent room noise and noise in the hallway all night long.Next time I will travel off the airport grounds for lodging, despite the convenience of location.	
Oct 26 2009 	It's all about the location	There's really only one reason to stay here, and that's the location. You can bascially fly to ORD and go the hotel w/o ever going outside. And catching your return flight home is super easy. Other than that, there's not much to recommend about this hotel. Rooms and food are average. Restaurant and bar are uninspiring. However, the gym is very nice.	
Oct 23 2009 	Convenient hotel at Chicago Airport	I've stayed at this hotel many times. Best feature is that it is attached to OHare airport so incredibly convenient when missed connection/unintended stay in Chicago or early morning flight. Like: nice fitness center, in-room coffee makers, quiet rooms, comfortable bed. Biggest complaint is lack of in-room safe. Room price varies significantly.	
Oct 10 2009 	Perfect Location for a stop over	The location of the hotel is perfect, just in a walking distance of nearlyall terminals. The check in is mor ethan quick, the rooms are in avery good state (I ordered an allergy friendly room) and the check out was easy as well. What else do you want.... (Well,of course, the prices in the hotel are high, but again, you willsave on cab fares if you stay for just a night).	
Oct 9 2009 	Seems to live by its location alone	Great location, and a reasonably comfortable hotel, but ...The bathroom was dreadful; a powerful mould smell that should have been noticed by who ever cleaned the room! Nickel and diming - a $7 chargfe for a plastic razor, the type that Motel 6's give free to those travellers who may have forgotten them.The restaurant is good, if expensive, with very mediocre service in the morning.However, a comfortable bed, great location and in the world of Location, Location, Location it i a good place to stay!	
Oct 7 2009 	Poor handling of stranded passengers...	-slow check in even with prior notice of a plane full of passengers-meal voucher seems to scare of waiters in restaurant-loud air condition-no info at the room about the hotel	
Oct 4 2009 	We Were Happy with Our Stay	This hotel has lots of less-than-optimal reviews. We stayed for one evening and found it to be comfortable - and perfect for what we needed - a place to stay in order to catch a 7 a.m. flight. Check in was smooth and efficient. The room was nice, good bed, desk area, two comfortable chairs, and great beds. Bathroom was adequate, with tremendous water pressure! Other reviewers have commented on inability to control temperature in room. We were able to adjust ours. Room had small coffee maker, which was nice. Room was clean and comfortable. We had dinner in the hotel restaurant (sorry I can't remember the name - started with an A) and it was not very expensive and good. Overall, a good stay and I would recommend to anyone needing to stay close to the airport.	
Oct 1 2009 	great airport location but $5 and $10'd to death	I stayed in this hotel for one night, on the last day of a business trip, because I needed to take an early flight out the next day. The location couldn't be beat; all you had to do was walk through and underground tunnel ,and there you were right at the terminal. It sure beats driving to the airport in the wee hours of the morning, without any breakfast. Plus, I got a reasonable rate, because I was traveling on government business, and a free upgrade, because I'm a Hilton Gold member. But they really kill you on the extras here. You not only pay for the internet here, but it's about twice what I have paid anywhere else in the US. Breakfast was around $25, and even the business center charged for computer usage and printing. It was worth it for the convenience, but be forwarned that you'l pay for it, one way of the other.	
Sep 14 2009 	stayed only because of priceline	Had a conference at another airport hotel, wound up staying here due to priceline. Had I had a way, I would have cancelled and stayed somewhere else. My original plan was to drive to OHare from out of state, but whatever savings I got from priceline was completely canceled by the ridiculous parking fee, which is $45/day. My whole stay there felt like a classic &quot;nickle and dime&quot; experience. There is no free internet ANYWHERE not even in the lobby, they use Boingo which has its own valueless pricing schedule. It takes an average of slightly over 1 minute for guest services/operators to pick up the phone. One time I had to wait 2 minutes. The walls must be thin because my neighbor wasn't happy about hearing my room's alarm clock going off (my fault! Sorry whoever you are!) The HD TV in the room, while nice, had some dysfunction with the HD channels and remote. The guest service answer? &quot;we're working on it&quot;... apparently they had been working on it the entire 4 day stay I was there. Room service, while expected to be expensive, was even MORE so with the random no-good-reason MULTIPLE fees they would add on. Typical overpriced hotel food, can't really expect much there, and typical unimaginative and unhealthy fare..again, to be expected. The only pros of this place? You couldn't stay any closer to the airport short of sleeping on the terminal floors. Didn't hear any plane noise. And the complimentary Crabtree Evelyn bath products. And bedding was quite comfy.	
Aug 30 2009 	Excellent airport hotel with easy access to ORD	Stayed here one night 8/16. This hotel is my airlines designated crew hotel. As such the rate is pre-negotiated. Access to the hotel could not be simpler- there is one underground walkway that leads directly to the hotel from the baggage reclaim areas. You do not ever have to be outside exposed to the elements. Escalators and elevators are available for those with mobility issues or large/bulky baggage. It would take you approximately :10 to :15 to walk from hotel front desk to airport check-in level. Since the O'Hare Airport is a terminus station for the CTA's (Chicago Transit Authority) Blue line train, you can easily take the train into downtown Chicago and back to the airport.The hotel itself is wonderful and it was recently remodeled-- all guest rooms and most of the hotel amenities and public areas. The hotel has a full gym with medium sized indoor pool. The hotel sells annual gym memberships so that a traveler may use the gym and showers while in transit at ORD. Check-in was efficient, but as a crew member my room is already pre-assigned and pre-paid, thus very little processing required.My room was on the smaller size, but was very well laid out. Queen sized bed-- firm but with a soft mattress pad and down comforter. A choice of three pillows: feather, hypo-allergenic and foam are available upon request. The room was set in a warm red/orange and cinnamon color palette accented with light natural woods. The windows are floor-to-ceiling and are double pained and glazed.. As a result, despite being less than 1,500 meters from one of the most busy runways in America, the noise level is hardly noticeable at all. Additionally, you feel little of the summer heat nor winter chills thru the glass. The room comes with &quot;black-out&quot; draped and when closed render the room nearly pitch dark despite mid-day light conditions. Central HVAC allows you to control the exact temperature of your room within a set range.The bathroom is well stocked and furnished... A supply of basic toiletries are standard as well nice milled bath soaps. There is an attached-to-wall hair dryer and a small no-fog mirror with magnification. The tub is deep and allows you to enjoy a full soak if you desire. The water pressure is excellent and the water is hot.My room had a new flat screen remote TV with most major cable channels and a selection of foreign language options. The full length closet had a half-sized ironing board and iron and an in-room coffee maker and supplies. There was a fair sized work desk with good lighting and multiple electricity outlets so you can plug in several items at the same time. Everything in my room was working properly and it had been cleaned and serviced thoroughly by the housekeeping staff.The hotel has 24/7 room service at typical room service prices. The menu however is surprisingly diverse and has several heart &quot;healthy&quot; options that are not commonly found on hotel room service menus-- grilled fish, chicken, salads, etc. Sit-down dining options include a mid-range restaurant with traditional American cuisine, a casual sports bar and a more formal main dining room. There is also a &quot;deli&quot;-like outlet that sells ready-made foods that are prefect for grab-and-go diners.The hotel itself has a wide assortment of on-site services such as a travel agency, ATM's, gift/sundry shop, laundry and such. The hotel also has a full business center and can handle most all business needs including printing, copying and faxing as well as express package/letter shipping.Overall, I was impressed with the remodel of the hotel. It's always had an excellent location and in the winter months, not having to venture outside into the biting Chicago cold is a huge plus. Rooms are well furnished and superbly quiet for being directly on a busy airport property. The hotel staff are a friendly bunch and are accustomed to the needs of the frequent business traveler and do their best to accommodate you.	
Aug 29 2009 	Service level is not what it shout be form a Hiton hotel	Unfriendly person at check-in. As Gold member need to directly need ask for getting benefit. Hotel trying to save them. Unbelievable bad breakfast. A small fatty sandwich and a coffee.For more they ask 15$ extra. In business package fitness and internet is included, but what cost 4$ each extra. They sound proof rooms, what is partly true, but the Airco is very noise. Menas no quit room available. Overall rating, you do not get best price value.	
Aug 26 2009 	Comfortable Clean and Convenient	I had a two night stop over in Chicago with no car and a 9:00am flight out on a Saturday. I got off the plane and was in my room in 15 minutes (10 of which was the walk from the terminal). For those coming to meet me, the hotel was as easy to find as the airport ;-) and the room was a clean and comfortable (and quiet) respite from commuting around one of the world's largest metropoli. The desk staff were informative but not overbearing. The quiet of the room was amazing given the proximity to the runway.	
Aug 5 2009 	A Pleasant Surprise	I arrived in Chicago at 11pm after having missed a connecting flight and desperately needing rest. After opting not to call friends in the Chicago area, I &quot;Hotwired&quot; a hotel near ORD and was a bit leery at first when I was booked at the airport Hilton. I don't travel for business and normally don't desire to stay at or near airports, but I actually was very happy with this property. I did have to change my room, though, because unlike previous guests, I did have a problem with engine noise. I am confused at the people who stated that the windows were soundproof (or perhaps the hotel started soundproofing on lower floors and did not get to fl 10) but from the moment I walked in my room, all I heard were plane engines revving up and then roaring down the runway...about every minute and a half. I looked out of my window and found that I was right next to the control tower (I could've thrown a penny without missing) and also RIGHT next to a very active runway for both departing and landing flights. Since I didn't know when it would stop due to all the weather delays of the day, I ended up asking for a room on the other side, which the gentleman at the front desk quickly and very politely gave me. As a matter of fact, every employee I came in contact with was pleasant and the check-in/out kiosks were very handy and quick. In a nutshell:I would not recommend this hotel if you are visiting Chicago and plan to spend most of your time downtownI would recommend this hotel if you are doing a quick day trip, travelling to the immediate area on business, or are stranded at O'Hare for the evening. Also, if you enjoy the idea of being able to get from your room to the terminal in a matter of minutes, then this is your property.It was clean, modern, and extremely comfortable. I am usually partial to the Starwood properties, but after staying here and at a Doubletree a few days later, I am considering switching to the Hilton brands.	
Jul 15 2009 	DAYLIGHT ROBBERY	we stayed at the Hilton for the July 4th weekend.Having driven down there, we reached chicago around 12 in the night and didnt want to go through the hassle of parking in the airport parking ramp and chose to opt for the valet parking with the Hilton which is USD 45 a NIGHT!!!!ANYWAYS, the next night, we parked at the airport ramp opp the hotel which charged us about half what Hilton did, and informed the front desk that we wouldnt be using their valet services that evening.But a week later, I see that we have been charged for two nights' parking a total of USD 90 and for the last 3 days, I've been calling the finnace dept at hilton to sort this issue. The only response I have received is that &quot;we are looking into this and will call you back this afternoon&quot;. Today when I called again, the lady at the finance dept says she has no idea regarding my claim and would need to get back to me!!!! I told her clearly that I'd been spekaing with the fin dept and would be great if she could ask around...Yet to receive any kind of closure on this! No wonder the Hiltons get richer! They rob you even for services you dont use!!!	
Jul 13 2009 	Nice Hotel at a very good ratebut watch out for the "extras."	I travelled to Chicago during the July 4th week and received an excellent rate at this Hilton. The beds were very comfortable and the room featured an extra large flatscreen television,granite countertops,a desk,coffee maker,clock radio and a liquor cabinet that you pay for if you want any drinks.Overall the service was excellent from check-in to check-out.But be prepared to travel a long way to get an affordable meal.This is an airport and airport hotels overcharge for everything.I was prepared,for the most part,because I read Trip Advisor before going there.To get a meal in the airport,is almost impossible as there is nothing on this side of security,once you leave arrivals.You cannot get back in and go to the food court.There is a Starbucks and a pretzel/hot dog stand and that's about it. The subway transit system is excellent and runs 24 hours a day (Blue Line) right to the hotel.We bought transit passes ($23.00 for 7 days) and took the subway and buses all over the city.It takes 45 minutes to get downtown from the airport. There was some airplane noise I could hear from within the room, early in the morning,but overall not too bad. The hotel charges a dollar for every phone call,even local,which is a rip-off and a slap in the face,especially since it is a &quot;Hilton&quot; which I thought would include some simple little things at least. The guests have use of the pool and jacuzzi,which were both disappointing,as the jacuzzi was lukewarm,and the pool small.The change rooms were not maintained either and not clean. I would stay here again because of the rate and the room itself.	
Jul 9 2009 	Stunningly Expensive Internet	I couldn't believe they charged $8.50 an hour for access to the internet from my hotel room. I have never seen such an expensive charge. Just the week before I had free internet at the Marriott Courtyard in Dublin, CA and free internet at another motel in Eugene, OR. This hotel is very convenient to the airport, but otherwise nothing special, especially for the over $200 per night rate. They also do not give guests a newspaper at their door in the morning, only the Financial Times at the front desk (you can buy a USA Today or a WSJ at the newstand). No newspaper, no complimentary continental breakfast, brutally expensive internet, all for $200+	
Jul 7 2009 	Meh	About the only thing going for it is that it is convenient to the airport. There was little to do there, it was not easy to get to the loop. It was soundproofed but still subject to jet noise round the clock. Service was indifferent. Wireless was unreliable. I would stay there again only if I was stranded again at O'Hare, and even then would think twice.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great location otherwise average	One night stay from Heathrow en route to Memphis. This hotel is massive! Needed to take a convenient monorail train within the airport to reach it. Check in was very smooth and efficient (as would be expected from a Hilton). Spacious room, with view of runway with airplanes taking off one per minute, but no noise (must be triple glazed at least).As I said the hotel is absolutely huge. Comfortable, but in great need of a major decorative overhaul to drag it out of the 1970s dark décor into the current era. We had a nice meal in the restaurant, slept very well, and set off very refreshed to continue our journey to Memphis – job done!But not a hotel I would choose for any leisure purpose.	
Jun 30 2009 	FILTHY NEVER AGAIN	Was bumped - as usual - from a confirmed flight to my home. Pushed into the Hilton at the Chicago, Ohare airport. The first room had a plugged toilet - obvious upon entrance. Asked for repair while we went downstairs to eat. Upon return, undressed to shower only to find hair all over the tub and left over toiletries still on the tub sides and in the holders. The plugged toilet should have been the clue but I was tired. Demanded a clean room - was put in a smaller room but fairly clean - black hair all over the floors. The house keeping staff, who can't speak English must shed like my dog. The front desk did offer a complimentary toothbrush to make up for the filthy room - WOW!!! Thanks - they refused it when we checked in and requested one.I have stayed in some cheap motels and even on military establishments as well as camping areas that were more clean than the famed HILTON!!!The style of the hotel: FILTHYThe restaurant was RIDICULOUS PRICED - BEYOND ANY I HAVE EVER SEEN. Two gentlemen bumped also ordered 2 salads and 2 beers and the total was $86. w/o the tip. The gracious airlines who OVER SALE AND OVER BOOK causing the problems gave all of us $15 to eat on. This was $15.00 for dinner, breakfast and lunch since our plane did not leave until next day at 2pm. The restaurant charged $7 for a bowl of ice cream, $23 for a breakfast buffet, $22 for a breakfast of eggs, bacon and toast.UNITED AIRLINES SCREWED US AGAIN - as they normally do everyone!!	
Jun 16 2009 	Great location - too pricey	We chose the O'Hare Hilton because of its location and certainly not because of the price. The hotel itself is okay as far as hotels go, nothing special. Better than a budget hotel along the interstate but it is not grand. The room was okay with nice large window. For view of airport, even #d rooms top 3 floors. Pool is okay. Workout room, sauna, hot tub. Bed was very comfortable and room sizable. After charging a lot they still charge for the little things. Hotel restaurant was nice, but nothing special. Pretty much only place you can eat except a small food court in terminal 3 or 5.The location was perfect as we had a 7 am morning flight and it is right across from terminal 2. Also the tram takes you easily to the other terminals. 1, 2 and 3 are within walking distance.Next time I'd take a late flight home instead of staying over and flying out in the morning. Too expensive.	
Jun 16 2009 	Could of found better for the price / squeezed for money at every chance	My family of 4 and our 2 friends took a short weekend trip to Chicago.We were surprised how much a nights stays was in downtown Chicago and decided to stay out side of the big city. We used Hotwire to find us a hotel. It only could find 4 star which was fine, they were around $90 a night. That was far better than the $300 a night we were seeing.So we picked the lowest price and it placed us in the Hilton on the grounds of the O'Hare airport. That by itself was not problem.What made the stay unpleasant was first the $30 a night parking. Second after we made the booking we called and confirmed and requested a room with two beds. We were bringing our 2 children. We were told they cannot reserve a room and if was available when we arrived ok, if not to bad.So we arrived at 11:00 and tried to check in. They said check in is at 3:00 and if we wanted to check in early it was an extra $25 a room.The place was dead and lots of empty rooms. Nice huh!So we tipped the bellhop $5 and they stored our luggage until we could return after 3:00.So next we wanted to go out to eat and spend aprox $20 for dinner plate. The information in the room had a list of local restaurants but no information on dinner prices. We asked for advice and the counter people could barley speak any English and had no advice. We asked the bellhop a 70-year guy who was more than willing to give advice. He repeatedly recommend the restaurant in the hotel and no useful advise on any of the sites in the area. So, we needed a taxi, the bellhop speaks up no problem he call one on his radio. 10 mins, a guy shows up in a new SUV, we get in and find it has no meter, and a sleazy operator who too can hardly speak English.Well we go for a chain restaurant, Big horn, We gave up on going someplace unique to the area as no one could give advise and I was not going to pay $7 to use there internet service.We get to the restaurant and the drive says $30 please..... Well, I left feeling squeezed for every penny they could get.	
Jun 15 2009 	Nice hotel	Yes, it is a pricey place where to crash for the night when your flight is canceled or delayed, but you have the convenience to be in the airport and for that you will pay. And the price is worth it when you have to wake up at 5:00AM in the morning to make the only flight available back home!Our room was nice. Do not expect a view here...it is either the parking lot or the airport runaways which could be a treat if you travel with kids. The restaurant Andiamo was a bit of a joke...you'd think it would be Italian, but it was not. Actually the description said it is an Italian fusion restaurant, which usually means you take one cuisine and infuse it with flavors from other cuisines. At Andiamo &quot;fusion&quot; literally means one dish from Italy, one from Asia, one from a steakhouse and some dishes &quot;I think they could be Italians&quot;, but they really aren't. And the place is so loud! do not waste your money here or if you do noit have other options do room service. The food may be the same, but at least you will not get the noise.	
Jun 3 2009 	A rip-off	I had to stay in this hotel because my flight was delayed. It seems to be a recently renovated old hotel. My room was on the third floor pretty far away from the elevator yet very noisy. It was clean but very small unit overviewing a parking lot. It seems that all rooms there are facing parking/driveway. You can't control temperature levels in the room and in my case it was very cold with no option to switch of air-conditioning. I was quoted a rate of $239/night for a 2 double bed room which is a rip off given what you get for your money. Even with a 50% discount that I got from the airline it is still overpriced. You'd think that for that price Hilton O'Hare could at least give a you free toothbrush and a newspaper but no, expect to pay $7 plus 17% service fee for it.	
Jun 3 2009 	Terrible Experience	Booked this hotel since I was transiting Chicago for just 12 hours overnight. All I wanted was a decent meal. I couldn't get it!Room Service simply did not answer the phone, and every restaurant in the hotel was packed and wanted 2 hours to find us a table. I tried telling the restaurant hostesses that I was a guest in the hotel - but that didn't help. Complained at Reception, but they were so busy that night they just couldn't care. Tried getting through to a duty manager but failed. None of the hotel phones were being answered that night. First time in my life I failed to get a meal in an otherwise decent hotel!This was about 10pm, and all restaurants/kiosks in the airport were closed. Finally found a food court at the International Terminal that was open all night.I sent 2 emails subsequently - one to the hotel GM and one to Hilton. Both remained unanswered.An unbelievable experience!	
May 24 2009 	Nickel 	Firstly the good..Convenient Location (walk to terminals)Comfy BedRoom seems newly renovatedNow the bad. Internet is a steep $17.50 (I managed without but for $6.99 you could log onto the airport wireless service). A basic disposable toothbrush, comb and shaver set was $7 + fees.. Breakfast starts at $22. All things that are often free in other hotels. Basically they regard the room rate as a starting point, not your final bill.! Air-con was loud and ineffective. The first room they gave me was a weird shape and behind the lift shafts with a whooshing sound every time a lift went past, also a TV that wasnt even viewbale from the bed, needing a complaint and a room change. I was suprised they even had the audacity to try and rent that room..!Overall when i checked out it was not a satisfying stay and I wouldnt choose to go there again	
May 23 2009 	good place to stay	Proximity to the airport is the hotel's main draw and they use it well.Hilton has it down to science - checking in and out, service, food - everything (at least here in Chicago) was impeccable. They do charge for every little thing you use in the room but hey, this is capitalism and the Hiltons are its fervent devotees. All in all, I've stayed in many Hilton hotels and this has probably been the best one.	
May 17 2009 	Makes business travel amazingly convenient	I always avoided hotel airports thinking they were horrible places for those bumped off their flights. Well, my experience at the O'Hare Hilton changed all that. It is incredibly convenient to go from gate to hotel back to the gate. The staff was very friendly and concerned about providing good service. The public spaces were spacious, clean and welcoming. The food served was tasty &amp; always with healthy choices. It was easy to make arrangements to leave the airport site to visit local restaurants. The room was large and quiet. Very nice..thanks for chaning my mind about airport hotel;s!	
May 16 2009 	Beware: You do not control the temperature of your room.	Okay, here's the good -- and there IS some good -- and the BIG bad for me, which I hadn't seen described in any of the reviews before I booked. It would have been important to me to know, so I am writing this review.The good, you already know... location, location, location. If you have an early flight out, this is the most convenient place to be the night before that flight. Beds are comfortable. Sound-proofing is good. Flat-panel TV looked nice, but we never turned it on. Check-in clerk was very friendly and efficient.A couple of &quot;small bads&quot; are the trash baskets, which are &quot;designery&quot; but almost unusable (due to a very narrow, elongated shape)... the very high Internet fees,,, and that the airport restaurants are very overpriced, with NO other options for you to choose (not that you would WANT to eat at the airport, but if you did, everything is on the other side of the security barrier, so those places are not an option). You could catch a cab somewhere, I suppose. We had a lot of time to kill, and we decided while waiting for the heat to come on (more about that next) that we might as well take the train back into the city to find dinner and to pick up some food for breakfast, as neither of us wanted to pay $22.00 for breakfast.But the BIG bad about this hotel was bizarre to me... in this over $100-a-night hotel, we were not accorded a simple amenity that is common to every low-budget motel room in the country -- namely, the ability to control the temperature in our own room. There is a box on the wall next to the heating/cooling vent that LOOKS like a thermostat... but isn't. It has a dial that says &quot;Warmer/Cooler,&quot; and a fan setting with basically &quot;On/Off&quot; and &quot;Lo/Med/High.&quot; However, nothing that you do controls room temperature... the only control you have is to turn the fan off.I was sick and traveling with a bad cold, and had periods of being feverish, sweaty, and chilled. The room was too cold for me from the outset, when we checked in in the afternoon. We turned the dial all the way to warmer and waited for warm air to start coming out of the vent. After 10 minutes of nothing but cool air, we called Guest Services (this was around 3:00 p.m.), because we thought we had a defective thermostat and might need to change rooms. The gentleman who answered the phone told me that while the system LOOKS like a room-controlled thermostat, it is not... basically, he said, the entire hotel is cooled or heated in a block. He said that the building, despite its very modern appearance and rooms, was &quot;a very old building.&quot; Right now, he explained, the hotel was set on &quot;cooling,&quot; but would be switched over to &quot;heating&quot; at 8:00 or 9:00 pm. In the meantime, he advised simply turning off the fan entirely to keep cool air from continuing to flow into the room. We did so.We kept checking and waiting for heat throughout the evening. By 10:00 p.m., nothing had changed. I called back to Guest Services and reached a different gentleman, who told me that the hotel would switch to heating at 11:30 p.m.This did not happen. I woke up at 2:00 in the morning, shivering violently, with the heat STILL not on. This time, I didn't even get an answer when I rang Guest Services. The worst thing was that I HAD to leave the fan on... and, thus, the cold air blowing on us... all night long so that when/if the hotel finally DID switch over to &quot;heat&quot; mode, as they'd repeatedly promised and then failed to do, we'd actually get heat in the room... which we wouldn't if the fan was off.My guess, based on waking up repeatedly, is that the heat finally switched on around 5:00 in the morning... i.e., about when the hotel might expect its guests to be waking up for earliest flights. They probably assume guests don't notice the temperature while asleep. Maybe this is usually true.It was a miserable night for me, and I felt particularly upset about being lied to. If the hotel's policy is not to turn heat on until 5:00 in the morning, guest services should not be stringing guests along and assuring them the heat will be coming on early (or later) in the evening. I'd have been unhappy even if I hadn't been sick, but particularly under the circumstances, I'd have appreciated simple honesty from the Hilton staff. Especially by the second time I'd called, I'd have appreciated their offering me a portable room heater or something instead of just shining me on.This one &quot;big bad&quot; really ruined this hotel experience for me.... otherwise, I'd generally have felt positive about this hotel. If you tend to run cold or hot, be aware that you will not have control of the temperature in the room you are paying top dollar for.The check-out invoice invited us to share our experience and suggestions for improvements with the manager, and I will definitely be writing to him or her about this. I'll come back and post again if I get any kind of response.I would also like to note that I believe the other hotel we stayed in on this trip -- namely, the Hampton Majestic in town -- is also a Hilton property. That hotel was wonderful in every respect, and I will review it separately. I mention that here to make it clear that I have no particular bone to pick with Hilton outside of this miserable experience.	
May 15 2009 	Wonderful!	Stayed 1 night for a mtg earlier this week. Hotel has apparently been renovated since my last visit-Krispy Kreme kiosk in the lobby was gone (ha!). Rooms have also apparently been re-done. Desk is now an L-shape &amp; my room even had a black leather recliner in it (very nice for watching the season finale of 'LOST'!). Beds just as comfy as I remember. Location can't be beat for those arriving via O'Hare. Bathroom toiletries are now Crabtree &amp; Evelyn, not the Nutrigena products Hilton hotels have had for years. They have also done away w/the 'don't steal me' hairdryer &amp; are apparently phasing out the 'don't steal me' hangers, as well-both good moves in my opinion.	
May 11 2009 	Outstanding	I needed a place to stay for the night after arriving in Chicago. This hotel was a very good choice. I walked from the gate to reception and was checked in with no wait at all. Had an excellent room overlooking the terminals and enjoyed having something to see. The room was obviously recently redone and was excellent, one of the nicest hotel rooms I have ever stayed in. The convenience of the accesability to the CTA Blue Line was wonderful. The restaurant was very reasonable, try the pizza, home made right there. A nice leather recliner and large LCD TV along with a work station made the stay even better. I only have one complaint and even though I had an excellent room rate, a charge of $17.50 a day for internet use is just NOT reasonable. In fact, it is rediculous, no one charges that much for internet useage. Thank goodness for my iPhone, I don't need their service at that rate. The room was totally soundproof, you could not tell you were anywhere near an airport! I will be back on my next trip.	
Apr 18 2009 	It works for being stranded	It is convenient to the airport, and that's the reason I stayed. The room was OK. You have to get key to the mini-bar from the bell captain, which is a pain in the butt if you use their automatic check in, and you don't know (I didn't).	
Apr 18 2009 	Chicago O’Hare Hilton – Great if you have an early morning departure	We stayed at the O’Hare Hilton for one night in early April as we stopped en-route to London. We booked directly through Hilton and got a reasonable rate, although it was worth being at the airport as we had a 9am flight and, as we had our children with us, we didn’t want to bother with taxis.We arrived about 2.30pm (check-in time was 3pm) and were given our room straight away, although the receptionist did make a point of telling us that he was waiving the early check-in fee (which I thought was an unnecessary comment given how close we were to actual check in time – still, generous of him to not make us wait I suppose). We were given a room on the 7th floor (a Hilton Honours floor), which had decent views reaching downtown, but it was very compact. There was a nice reclining chair, which had just enough room to recline and the bathroom door actually touched the toilet. There was a great 42” plasma with a good choice of channels (although the channel numbers didn’t match the list provided on the guide in the room) and the beds were comfortable, but only a standard double size. We took the L train downtown and had a long afternoon walking around and shopping. It was very easy to get to and from the hotel to downtown, but it is odd that you can’t get a one day pass for the train at the airport, only downtown apparently.On return to our room and badly in need of a coffee, we discovered that there was no milk in our room, so we had to call guest services to ask for some. Thankfully we were brought some within about 10 minutes, but we found it strange that it hadn’t been checked earlier.The next morning was a breeze getting to the airport (as you are already there) and, if you are travelling domestically, you can check in and get your boarding pass in the hotel lobby. If doing another one night stay in Chicago, we would stay here again.Liked – Location and television.Disliked – Compact room (although it would be fine for one or two people) and there are cheaper hotels close to O’Hare.	
Apr 11 2009 	Very Quiet	We had to overnight here on our way to the Caribbean.Great location, right at the airport, very quiet rooms. Long walk following the signs, if you go out the doors and cross the street, it is much shorter.Very nice room, Crabtree and Evelyn products in the bathroom, shampoo, conditioner and lotion fluffy towels. Coffee machine with 2 sets of supplies (one decaf, one regular), cups, coffee mate, sugar. They offer a shaving kit with toothpaste, brush and shaver for $7.00. We did not open the mini fridge. Ate at the Sports Bar, regular bar type food, busy, good waitress, expensive. I got a good rate on the room $89.00 with their advance purchase deal, so I can't complain. The only complaint I had was, they charged me $5.00 to receive a ups package, which I went to their ups store to pick up, I have never heard of a hotel charging to receive packages. Other than that, no complaints.	
Apr 10 2009 	Very Close to O'Hare	I had the pleasure of staying at the O'Hare Hilton on Monday April 6, 2009, one night, for business. I had a early morning meeting on Tuesday at the airport so this was the perfect location. The hotel is on airport property, no need to go outside. Check-in: Check in was very smooth as a matter of fact I arrived early about 11:00 AM quite a bit before normal check in, which is usually about 3PM and was allowed to check in with no problem. Internet: Too expensive...$17.50 a day ... Business center overpriced Food: Tasty...but pricey  Rooms: Room and bath room were clean, bed was very comfortable and TV's was great....42&quot; Flat screen. All in all the stay was good and I will use this hotel again when doing business at Chicago O'Hare Airport, and I recommend this hotel to other business travelers.	
Apr 10 2009 	An unexplained "Refreshment" charge	...showed up on my account after I returned home, since I declined the key to the mini-bar, I can't find out what this was...and they don't respond to my e-mails.Other wise, everything was ok.	
Feb 19 2009 	Perfect for business or layover	Stayed here 1 night for business. We had the meeting on-site and everything went very smoothly. This is without a doubt the most convenient hotel for people on the go. You don't even have to walk outside to get to the airport. While I would not recommend this place for taking in the city of Chicago, it is a perfect hub for business meetings and/or layovers. The service was very good, rooms clean and comfy, everything one can need is at your fingertips including, flight status and check-in kiosks. They have a trendy high-end venue for dinner and drinks at GasLight, but if you want low-key they have the sports bar also. Breakfast is the same, quick grab-n-go no-frills or a nice sit-down. My room was on an Honours floor and I had a treadmill in case I wanted to squeeze in a quick workout within the comfort of my room. They also provided a toiletry kit with shaving products, toothbrush and toothpaste. The T.V. was a large 40&quot; LG flatscreen. Shower had good water temp and pressure. Bed was typical Hilton quality and very comfy. I highly recommend this hotel for short business stays or layovers.	
Jan 28 2009 	Lon ghike but worth it	It is a long hike underground from OHare but very convenient hotel for meetings. The rooms are large modern and very nicely furnished. The food is great and it is a nice property to stay at and is very consistent.	
Jan 12 2009	Good airport hotel	We had a one night stay here to end our trip in the States, it is one of the better hotels we have stayed in (and there has been many) The room ( we had a suite) was a very good size, and both the room and bathroom were extremely clean.The staff were polite friendly and helpful.We ate in the sports bar and had decent meal (although nothing special)Would stay again on a stopover in Chicago.	
Jan 11 2009 	Very pleasant stay	We missed our connection so British Airways put us up at the Hilton overnight. The location is very convenient to the terminals. The lobby is ordinary and you can't get to the front desk without passing the small jewelry counter where the pushy sales clerk tries her pitch on everyone who passes by. We ignored her as it was 10 pm and we were very tired. Check-in was quick and we were settled in our room in no time. The room was much more elegant than we expected and well on par with downtown Chicago hotel rooms of the same star rating. The bathroom was well appointed with good quality toiletries. The bed was very comfortable and we enjoyed watching HBO on the TV, which we don't subscribe to at home. We ate at the hotel restaurant the next morning and the food was very good, with many European selections like hard rolls and cheese and yogurt. It was an exellent buffet, and though a little pricey at $21, we felt it offered good value. The service was attentive. All in all, if we have an early morning flight through Chicago, I wouldn't hesitate staying here again.	
Jan 9 2009 	V Convenient to airport	Like a lot of other reviewers, we stayed here courtesy of the airline when we missed out transatlantic connection.The location of this hotel for transit travellers just cant be beat, right in the middle of O'Hare, its a 5 minute walk from baggage claim. Being this close obviously means a degree of aircraft noise but not to the extent that it kept us awakeThe check in line for the hotel was long. Not good when you have been delayed, and will be home 24 hours later than planned, and since we had vouchers from the airline for check in, I dont think we could use the automated systemOnce we got to the room however, it was very modern, looked newly decorated and had a huge flat screen tv.We ordered room service and the food was great, prices not so great though - $60 for chicken wings, pizza and a chocolate cake !!! Still, we were hungry....We didnt use any of the other hotel facilities, so cant comment	
Jan 8 2009 	Great for connecting passengers or airline staff on stand by	We were stucked in O´Hare airport for 2 days after the storms in mid december, trying to get into any flight to Miami for 2 days, running from gate to gate and spending too much time, efforts and hassle at the airport.Checking in at the Hilton was the only nice and smooth situation during that couple of days. We were offered a great airline staff discounted rate (I work for an airline) and in less than 5min we were all settled in our room. Staff at the front desk was excellent.Heavenly beds and nice shower, thats all you need when staying in a hotel by the airport.I highly recomend it to passengers with overnight conections in O´Hare	
Jan 4 2009 	Very convenient!	Although my husband and I go to Chicago at least once a year, we’d never before stayed at the Airport Hilton. We arrived on Friday night with tickets to the Cubs game on Saturday. The greatest thing about this hotel is the convenience. 15 minutes after you get off the plane, you can be there by following the signs downstairs from baggage claim. Not to mention getting to town is a breeze since the train is right there, too. The hotel is nice enough. Our room was nice, the bed was comfortable, and it was clean. Another plus is the bar is open late, so you can get a bite to eat if you get in late. The line for check-in was quite long, so we used the automated system, which worked out just fine for us and was much quicker than waiting in line. We got a good rate through Expedia, so overall I thought it was a good choice for us for this quick trip. Usually, it’s a bit pricey for a hotel so far from downtown, but I would recommend it for quick trips and definitely for anyone making an overnight connection through O’Hare.	
Dec 21 2008 	Not bad it is a airport hotel.	Umm, the reason is we stay at this hotel is cancellation of my connection air flight. It was mid of November and very chilly around 9pm in Chicago. Airline customer services desk was closed (!_!) but some of airline staffs recommended us this hotel with cheap rate. This hotel is located very very near to Chicago airport, it is definitely convenient if you have transit flight here. We have dinner at this hotel restaurant but the cost made us very surprised. Two persons dinners were more expensive than room rate .... I think they don't provide us free breakfast, but please check yourself.Oh, I just recall my memory that this hotel only provides you one set of grooming kit, and it is very expensive of hotel supply ( $ 7 or 8 ). We finally got very cheap room rate with airline information. If you have to stay because of airline matter, please try this. Chicago is very nice city to visit, I don't recommend this for sight seeing persons.	
Dec 17 2008 	Location Location Location . . . .but otherwise mediocre	Location is the only reason to book at this hotel. The hotel is located in the middle of Ohare. Strolling from gate to hotel to gate without the hassles of traffic or the blue line is stress free. So close that you can hear the roar of the engines and smell the jet fuel. But hey! Now for the rest of the deal.....The room was on the small side, with a huge flatscreen TV, comfortable bed, nice bath, no robe, good desk. My room was drafty and cold, even after turning the thermostat up. Not sure where the leak was, but I ended up putting on my winter coat as a robe when working at the desk. Amenities come with stiff extra charges, from exercise access to internet access. Do not open the toothbrush/toothpast kit unless you want to shell out 6 or 7 bucks.Check in and check out counter was lightly staffed, but the automated system works well. The convenience of doing flight check in and boarding pass at the hotel was nice.I bought a 5 buck day pass and took the blue line into Chicago. Ate at a great Italian place south of the loop instead of dining at the chains in the hotel and aiport.	
Dec 9 2008 	Great Service!	I stayed a night at the Hilton, O'Hare Airport for one night, due to missing a flight elsewhere.I had never been in Chicago before, so I was both excited, and frightened by being in this large city and because it was my fist time ever missing a connecting flight. We decided to stay at the Hilton due to it being so close to the airport, and having to get an early flight.We entered the hotel where we received quick assistance, and were sent on our way. The hotel is very appealing. The front desk staff was pleasant for the most part.It was kind of late and we were very hungry so we decided to go to the property owned restaurant. It was packed so we headed to the bar, which was also full with middle aged drunk men and women. I felt so out of place coming from a much smaller city and being underage. If it wasn't for being accompanied by my father, I wouldn't have been allowed in.So we decided just to go back to our room and purchase room service. Ordering room service was not a breeze. I had to continually repeat myself to the food&amp;beverage employee, but finally was successful in placing an order. The F&amp;B team was quick and extremely friendly! The food was amazing!The room itself was beautiful. My father paid a little over 3 hundred dollars for the one night stay, but I wasn't expecting it to be as lavish as it was. Large LCD television, two spacious double beds with the most comfortable duvets and pillows ever!!! I felt as though I came as close has I ever will to sleeping on a cloud!The room and bathroom were extremely clean. The bathroom was large with elegant decor, flowing nicely with the rest of the room. What else can I say...lots of closet space, huge windows, large minibar, it was great.Check out was very easy going as well! I loved my stay at the Hilton Chicago O'Hare Airport!	
Nov 6 2008 	Loved the stay	I stayed there after my hectic flight schedule from India to chicago...it was cold and chilly over there...but the moment I entered in hotel It was so cozy..I relly liked the decor and hospitality, we got a nice room to stay ...from which I could see the airport all night...then after a nice long sleep we were offered a nice breakfast,...and there was a nice surprise, on that particular day we got someone who was there to have a feedback on the breakfast and was also paying $20 for giving some nice ideas...I surely gave one then was offered a $20 check...COOL ...I am happy for the stay...I cherish those moments	
Oct 28 2008	Great location for air travel	Right in the heart of the beast we call O'hare is the Hilton. Recently renovated rooms, good sound proofing and 52 inch Tvs are great. Walking right to the terminal for an early flight is also a plus. Sports Bar has good sandwich food and drinks. Staff is very efficient and the hotel is a well oiled machine as you would expect with a business hotel.	
Oct 22 2008 	Not a 4 star...more like 3.	Fist off, this is a 3 star hotel. I don't care what they say. My wife and myself are &quot;easy to please&quot; travelers. But we were disappoined with the Hilton, mostly because it was rated a 4 star and our expectations were higher.When we arrived, we were without luggage (another problem unrelated to the Hilton...another passenger mistakingnly took ours instead of their own). Despite the nickel and dime stigma that this place had been given in previous reviews, I was sure we could ask for a complimentary toothbrush, if nothing else, until our luggage would be available. I was told that I could purchase a toothbrush along with a small toothpaste tube and razor for $7.00. Believe me people, there is NOTHING FREE at this hotel.Everywhere you turn, they are trying to charge you extra for everything. Things that would not normally bother me began to as a result of the nickel and diming, and the inattentive service.The rooms were small...The restaurant choices were all expensive. No free shuttles ($14 per person round trip to the nearest restaurant) to nearby resatuarants...The gym is nice, but costs extra...Water pressure is nonexistent. The whole hotel is showing signs of wear. The front desk acts as if making eye contact with you is just too much effort. I could go on, but to be fair, here are the positives:Flat screen TV (HD TV but no HD channels)Large, thick towelsSuper comfy bedsQuietImmediate access to airport, blue line train to downtown Chicago.Andiamo (Hotel Restaurant) had pretty good food, but like I said, you'll pay for it.TIP: Split your meal at Andiamo. The portions are big enough that you'll both be full. There is not charge for splitting, and you'll cut your bill by half. (The waiter even suggested it, so it must be common practice.) Overall, we were unhappy with our stay...but made the most of it. If it were a 3 star, my expectations would have not been as high. Some small improvements could go a long way to help this place.We actually decided to stay an extra night in Chicago, and I booked a night at the Sofitel a couple of miles away. WAYYYYY BETTER!!!!!!!GO TO THE SOFITEL...free shuttle service, complimentary water, and other nice perks like a flat screen that actually has HD programming, bathrobes, mp3 player hookups, bigger rooms, great customer service, etc. A real 4 star. AND IT'S CHEAPER!!!Take this review in stride, because your experience, and pocketbook may vary. But like I said in the beginning, myself and my wife really don't look for things to complain about normally. And unless staying right at the airport is absolutely necessarry, there are better choices for the money.	
Oct 20 2008	Priceline shoppers for Chicago O'Hare-Beware!!	I booked this hotel through priceline &quot;name your own price&quot; and was extremely disappointed. Priceline says this is a four star hotel but it is more like a 3 star.They nickle and dime you for everything- the gym is $11 extra per day. Parking is $45. A bottle of water at the gym is $3. A small bag with a cheap toothbrush and mini toothpaste in your room costs $6.95. Internet access is $14.99. So by the time you pay for all this stuff, your great priceline deal is a huge rip off. The rooms are small and very noisy. The bathroom is so small that you can barely turn around. There is a lot of hallway noise and noise from other rooms, yet the airport noise is actually not as bothersome. PROS:They have huge screen TVs in the room which is a plus. The service was actually quite good in this hotel and whenever I requested something, someone was at my door within 15 minutes. Even though the gym cost $11 per visit, it was a good place to work out.If you are using priceline &quot;name your own price&quot; BEWARE. You could get stuck with this hotel at the 4 star level, when it is not a 4 star hotel.	
Sep 26 2008 	Good but with a few issues...	Convenient to the airport. Very Very short walk from terminals. Nice rooom, refurbished. Nice public spaces. Awesome gym with a big weight area including free weights and machines. Couple of issues. First was the elevators. They have about eight elevators but only three were working when I was there. Long waits which sucked. Another issue was being overcharged for breakfast. There were four of us at breakfast. it was a business meeting where two people ordered the buffet one only had coffee, and one had coffee and asked for an english muffin. The person did not get the muffin from the buffet but ordered it off the menu. The bill camae and it was 85 dollars. The waiter had charged everyone for the buffett even though only two people ate off the buffet. The waiter did not handle the inquiry very well and it is my opinion that he deliberately charged us for four buffet's as this was a bsuiness metting and we were all very involved with discussion. I think he thought we wouldn't bat an eye at the bill. Besides this, the hotel is OK.	
Sep 19 2008 	always very good	I frequently stay here for meetings. It is great to take the short shuttle train after a long transatlantic flight and be in bed within a very short time. I find this well above the average airport hotel with excellent attentive staff, very comfortable rooms with everything you could need and a superb comfortable bed. Restaurant is reasonably priced with good food. Best airport hotel I have been in and thoroughly recommended.	
Sep 4 2008 	Extras Are Pricey	We recently stayed at the Hilton O'Hare for one night, August 30, 2008. Room was purchased for $79 plus tax and fees from Hotwire, about $95 total. Positives, very clean room, nice decor, large flat-panel HD television (but no HD stations), solid surface counter tops, extremely quiet with minimal hotel noise, and no noise of planes. Room felt very upscale. Negatives, location and prices. The location would be perfect for travelers, we however, were in town to visit a relative, and wanted a night away to celebrate an anniversary. The parking rate is $45 a night, so we were lucky enough to have someone drop us off at the hotel. We stopped at the restaurant and lounge for a cocktail, and the prices are sky high! A domestic beer is $7.50! My husband reminded me we were in a hotel attached to the airport, everything is going to be high. We had reservations at Harry Caray's Rosemont, which is very close to the airport, I called the hotel front desk about the shuttle, and it was going to be $28 round trip! We decided to take a cab, but when we went out to get the cab, we found that Harry Caray's had a shuttle, the restaurant is part of a Holiday Inn Select, so they let us ride over to the restaurant, just tipped at the end. However, we didn't have such a easy trip to get back to the hotel, the driver had changed, and the new one wasn't so eager to take us back, even though he had to go back to the airport to get other passengers. After pretty much refusing to get off the shuttle, he took us, but told us we &quot;had to take care of him.&quot; I don't think I would stay here again, it just wasn't convenient to leave. I see why they release so many reduced rate rooms to Hotwire, they make up for the low cost by getting you in the hotel so you can't leave. We've had easier times at downtown hotels!	
Aug 7 2008 	Excellent Views at the Hilton	From the time you enter the Hilton O'Hare, there is a great feeling that you are welcome. There is self check-in and ample elevator banks. The hallways are very chilly, however, the room is just the right size. Great plasma tv's, super soft beds, excellent views if you stay on a high floor (I stayed on the 10th) and especially nice if you stay in an odd-numbered room because you have views of both the airplanes landing and taking off, as well as the Chicago Skyline. I will forewarn travelers that if you book via Priceline and name your own price where you do not know what hotel you get until after you pay, be careful what you wish for, because you may get it. I paid $65/night, however, since I was driving (and didn't read an earlier review until now) I didn't know that it was $45/day to park. That was not good. We parked at the Blue Line station only a couple of miles away for $3/day and rode the train in.Overall, the rooms, restaurant/bar, and convienience to the hotel and public transportation can't be beat. Just don't book this hotel if you are driving unless you are ok with $45/day.	
Aug 4 2008 	Great Airport Location	For proximately to the airport and the eL train, this location is unsurpassed. The rooms are very small, but the beds are comfortable. Water pressure in the shower was nonexistent. When we reported it, however, it was fixed immediately. During the day the train ride did take an hour; I took a book and read. At night we were back in about 30. We had planned to rent a car, but with the closeness of the train and the airport, we didn't. We received a great rate on-line and it made the train ride worth it. We very quickly learned to use the trains to get to and around the city. We, too, had an early flight (6 AM) and it was great to just be able to walk over to the airport without having to ride a shuttle, return a rental, park a car, etc. Kiosk in the lobby make check-in a breeze -even gives the keys. The same Kiosk machines allow for airport check-in and print boarding passes. We used it for both. We did take a taxi out and back in to a local restaurant and fighting the airport traffic to get back to the hotel was difficult. Would I stay here again - definitely. Would I recommend it for others -absolutely. Travelers just need to be aware of the trade-offs.	
Jul 28 2008 	Always Nice	Location can't be beat. If I have a early flight out of ORD I always stay here. The morning I was leaving it was raining outside. It is so great to go to the lowwer level and walk over to the airport without ever going outside.Nice view of the airport.Staff very nice and helpfull.Rooms are a little small but very quiet and nice. Suites are bigger and great for families.Inside the rooms you have a small fridge thats loaded with drinks and snacks....beware the prices are very high. Health club is huge and has tons of machines and weights.Overall you can't beat this place.	
Jul 23 2008 	Hassle Free for Red Eye Flights	Staying here for one night (actually a morning) was the best decision I made for a non-stop red eye flight from San Francisco to Chicago! All I did was get my luggage and walk, completely within the airport, and I arrived at the hotel's front desk. I checked in, went to my room and flopped! Then refreshed after a few hours of sleep, (and it is very quiet) I checked out and took the El train right into the city. So convenient - you will be glad you did this.	
Jul 11 2008 	Comfort at Hilton	Front desk staff was pleasant and professional. The room I had one the 4th floor was extremely nice, comfortable and adequate. I spent one night at this property before flying back to Asia. It was very quiet and the room was also very clean. Everything seemed fairly new as though this room had been recently renovated. The big screen TV was a nice touch and appreciated by my entire family of four. I only experienced two minor problems and they were not associated with my room. The Starbucks venue was not open for business at 11:30 a.m. I considered this very strange as most people enjoy coffee during the morning hours. The second problem was finding a working drink machine in the hotel. There were soda machines on floors 3-10. There was some sort of problem with all of them. Either the drinks were sold out or there was something wrong with the bill changer. I would definitely recommend this hotel and would not hesitate to book it again in the future. The price I paid by booking through hotels.com was $150 per night. I found the price very reasonable for this property.	
Jul 7 2008 	Flatscreen TV =D	I am a semi-budget traveller so you know where I am coming from.Hotel room summary: quality tv, quality toiletries, comfy bed... expensive room service...Pretty well maintained hotel. It has an LCD flatscreen TV! =D Well.. I rarely stay at 4 star so maybe thats a norm for that rating... but its my first seeing a flatscreen TV... okok nvm this... Because it is located at the airport, park at the Long Term Lot $9/day and take the airport transit to the hotel instead of valet $45/day.. The CTA is located right underneath the hotel too so you can take that to downtown... be warned that the travel time will take 2 hrs roughly..	
Jun 16 2008 	CAN'T BEAT THE PRICE...	My wife and I stayed at the Hilton O'hare Airport from June 8th to the 11th on a recent trip to Chicago. We paid $89 per night through Hotwire and $45 per night to valet our car. This was a cheap alternative to staying downtown where rooms can range from $300 to $400 a night. On the first night we took advantage of our location that was only 15 minutes away from the Woodfield Mall in Schaumburg. We walked around the mall and enjoyed dinner at the Cheesecake Factory. The next morning we drove the 35 minutes downtown and visited the Shedd Aquarium and the Magnificent Mile. We ate at Bubba Gump's and Lou Malinati's (deep dish pizza). Tip: we left our car at the aquarium because parking was only $15. That evening we enjoyed th pool and hot tub at the hotel. The next day we went to the Science and Industry Museum and Millenium park. We ate at Webber Grill which was very good. Overall I would recommend staying at the Hilton O'hare if you don't mind the drive into town.	
May 31 2008 	Ok if your are in transit no more no less	The Hotel staff and property is excellent, the room is above the Hilton standard and if you ask for a view on the Airport, it's a great bonus for you airplane fanatics.The only negative point is the lobby sports bar on the main floor.Service is poor, food is either to hot or to cold and way to expensive.I have had a few drinks in the past stay at this hotel and every time the glasses are not clean or baddly rinsed.Other than that it's a great hotel if you are in transit in Chicago.	
May 25 2008 	Awesome Hotel	After my flight was canceled, AA put me up at this Hilton property. I am typically wary of airport hotels, but this Hilton had a very good room product. The overall experience was just fine, but the room was super comfortable, relaxing, well decorated and appointed.PRAISE: the room was phenomenal. The bed was super comfortable, they have this awesome black leather reclining chair that is very relaxing, and the bathroom amenities are very nice.CONS: check-in was somewhat slow, even at midnight when I was checking in - there were 3 of us in line and I waited about 15 minutes before being checked in - not a huge deal, but seems like an easy thing to fix. The bathroom was fairly small in size. ODD: the bellhop and some fancy car driver were talking in the lobby and got me to spend $20 for his sedan car service to a terrible restaurant about 5 minutes away...because &quot;it was the only option&quot;. Turns out not to be true and I was sort of upset by this and didn't want to call that driver to take me back after dinner - but there were no cabs available either. I walked into the Sheraton that was nearby to ask if they could call me a cab - instead, they very graciously just took me back to the Hilton in their own shuttle - I gave the driver a $10 tip for his kindness. OVERALL: excellent room and pretty good overall experience. I would recommend it if the price is right.	
May 23 2008 	VERY Convenient!	I got an unbeatable rate of $90 from Priceline. Had an early morning flight out of O'Hare so stayed here the night before and you just can't beat the convenience. No shuttle bus to catch - just take the elevator down and you are right there between terminals at O'Hare.Comfy bed, and probably the softest, fluffiest hotel towels I've had in a long time.My biggest complaint: VERY expensive internet access. I can understand them wanting to prevent non-guests from using it, but they should provide a code for guests for discount or free wi-fi.	
Apr 20 2008	Hilton was a pleasant escape from the American Airlines Meltdown	I was booked by an American Airlines Agent after my flight home was cancelled. The Hilton was convenient and very comfortable. I was especially greatful not to have to take a cab off the airport site when it became apparent that I would have to re-book in person to get home the next day. This Hilton was as noce as any I've stayed at recently and better than many. The only downside was the very mediocre restaurant Andiamo. My first dinner order of ribs was so overcooked and dried out it literally could not be cut, however the waiter saw this and offered a replacement main course. The chef is uninspired at best.	
Apr 20 2008 	Convenience is Not Enough	After a long day of flying, we were greeted at the front desk with annoyance that we had interrupted the conversation. As the adage says, you only get one chance to make a first impression...As we were (reluctantly) checked in, another customer came up and asked about the rate for the evening. When he was told a rack rate $25 cheaper than our reservation rate, I asked if I could have that rate instead... again, with reluctance, the clerk agreed. Geez!!!!If you are a HHONORS Diamond, you get the cold items only on the breakfast buffet and a completely uninspired (and loud) room. Guess they get so many folks as a captive audience, they don't actually have to TRY to please you.The ONLY reason I would stay here again is if I were stranded and there were no options off airport. Convenient? Sure... but then again, so are the dozens of hotels surrounding the airport that have shuttle busses - even though I am a HHONORS Diamond...Never again....	
Apr 15 2008	Great for travelers not so much a family	We booked this hotel because we got agreat deal through Priceline. Well, it was a great deal until we learned when we arrived at the hotel that it was an extra $30 - $45 per day for parking (depending if we wanted to use the Airport ramp or Valet). I swallowed that pill, checked-in &amp; got up to our room. The room was nice enough, newer decor, fairly clean, but it was 79 degrees. After an attempt to adjust the thermostat I called down the to desk. Apparently they were still on winter heat &amp; not on summer A/C yet, so our only option was to open a window, on the 7th floor, with a very mobile 2 year old daughter, and no screens on the floor level window. At that point we knew we couldn't stay. Everyone was very polite &amp; we were refunded. Also not in walking distance to any restaurants unless you want to dine at the airport or have very expensive room service.	
Apr 3 2008 	An OK Hotel	Convenient location directly at the airport, Stayed 2 nights in March 08, room was comfy and well furnished but very small and cramped, particularly the bathroom which just became annoying. Noise levels are high, expensive internet but great views of the airport runways.	
Apr 1 2008 	Very convenient for Business Meetings	Very pleased with our experience with HILTON OHARE. We needed to bring our US Sales Force together for one day meeting and OHARE was easiest non-stop from every major city in US. The meeting facilities were very well equipped, properly staffed, and things could not have gone better. There is even a shipping store in the lower level of the Hilton so we could ship out our binders to everyone to prevent travel overload. Would highly recommend for US business meetings	
Mar 30 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised	Staying in a hotel connected to a major airport, I had very low expectations. But I was very pleasantly surprised by the quality of the Hilton and have no reservations recommending it to anyone.The hotel is attached to the airport. The quickest way to access the hotel is by walking outside. However, the airport signs direct you through an interior route that makes you think you've walked a mile to get there. NOT the hotel's fault -- try asking someone for the shortest route.Check-in was quick. I asked for a &quot;quiet&quot; room and was given one where I never heard an airplane, despite being next to the airport. The room was of adequate size, with a large desk and comfortable recliner. There is a large TV (not flat screen) and a well-stocked mini-bar. Bed was very comfortable and wake-up call was timely.The bathroom was modern. The only negative was the shower curtain looked dated. Not a huge bathroom, but adequate and well appointed.Room service was prompt and the food was decent (if not exceptional). Many choices on the menu and the server was very pleasant. Empty tray was cleared very quickly.This hotel is obviously geared toward travelers who need to overnight in Chicago. However, having stayed at a number of &quot;airport hotels,&quot; this one was much better than most. And, you can't beat the location -- a 3 minute walk to the United terminal. If you find yourself needing to overnight in Chicago and want a nice hotel with great convenience, the Hilton is it. Not having to wait for a shuttle and having a modern, comfortable room are major extras.	
Mar 25 2008 	Enjoyable Stay	I booked this hotel through Priceline and I got a real good rate of $77.00 per night. Overall, I thought that the hotel was very clean, quiet, and comfortable. The hotel staff was not overly friendly but they were ok. The room itself was very clean and the bed was comfortable. Access to the hotel from the airport was very simple as there are a number of signs that show you how to get to the hotel inside the airport. The only problem that I had with the hotel is the parking situation. The hotel wanted to charge $45.00 per night, which is ridiculous. We decided to park at the O'Hare economy parking lot instead for $16.00 per night and take the train right to the hotel, which was a little inconvenient.	
Mar 21 2008	Very poor	The desk gave me the key to someone elses room, it was 11pm and on reflection i was lucky i didnt get shot - the room ocupants screamed I had a minor heart attack and then back to the desk to try again.	
Mar 14 2008 	Don't even think of it if you're with little kids/infants	I am a mother and was travelling alone with my 2 small children (3 years old girl and 7 month old boy). We got stranded at O'Hare due to flight cancellations and had to spend the night. For the low price of $399 plus tax.The front desk people could have been more friendly and helpful, considering I was alone with 2 small kids. The hotel was busy but there was no need for them to be so snippy with the customers.Considering that the O'Hare Hilton is the ONLY hotel attached to O&quot;Hare, one would think that the hotel would be somewhat used to people travelling with small children and infants. The gift shop had one VERY overpriced package of diapers and one very very overpriced thing of ready-to-drink infant formula. There was no baby food, not a jar of Gerber to be found. I bought the diapers and formula (12 diapers and 10 oz of formula cost me $37 - would have cost under $10 at Target). Got upstairs, trying to figure out how to feed my starving baby, and then BEGGED room service to make me an apple or vegetable puree for my infant. The concierge was unwilling to help me get baby food - i asked them to send a taxi to Walgreens to get me some baby food and they told me to take the taxi myself (kinda hard with 2 exhausted kids and no carseats). After crying and literally begging room service, they got me some applesauce (for the low price of $15). They should really have something to offer mothers (or fathers) stuck there with kids. I also asked the front desk if they had a toothbrush, and they told me that i had to buy one at the gitfshop. I told them that I'd already been to their giftshop once, waited for 10 minutes for the clerk to return from her &quot;break' (she had a &quot;back in 5 minutes&quot; sign taped to the door), found the formula and diapers, forgot about not having a toothbrush, then got upstairs to my room, put my kids to bed and realized I had no toothbrush. I asked the front desk to please make an exception for an exhausted single mom with 2 sleeping kids (you cannot leave the room while your kids are asleep) and they told me that i was out of luck. Gift shop or dirty teeth. They brought me a pack n play for my baby to sleep in, but the blanket was soiled. Phoned and they delivered a &quot;clean&quot; blanket.I would encourage the O'Hare Hilton to do the right thing and begin stocking baby food and/or be more open to helping people who are stranded at O&quot;hare without luggage and without items for their children.The room was clean, the beds comfy, and the bathroom tiny. Quite quiet.	
Feb 10 2008 	All around decent	Like many others who have stayed here, I ended up at this hotel after a cancelled flight. The rooms are very nice, clean, modern furnishings. Staff is friendly and helpful. The Sports Bar is convenient but the food is not good. The best thing about this hotel is that you can walk (without going outside) to the United terminal. It was pricey for a Hilton but ok for one night.	
Feb 6 2008 	Convenient but nothing special	It was okay, I guess. I can't complain too much since I only paid $119 thanks to Continental Airlines after I got fogged in for a night. I chose this hotel because I had a 6am flight and didn't want a hassle in the morning. For that purpose, the hotel is good! You can't get more convenient at this airport. Now that my stay there is over, would I stay there again under similar circumstances (stranded due to flight cancellations) if I had to pay $350-$400? Probably not, but I guess everyone has to make their own call on how much they'll pay to be just a quick walk away from their flight. I wouldn't because I found this hotel to be third rate. I don't mind a stay at second or third rate hotel (or even someting like a Red Roof Inn) so long as I'm being charged accordingly. This hotel wants to take advantage of you and your wallet and your stranded-at-the-airport situation every chance they get. For example, I stupidly threw my disposable razor away at a previous hotel before I departed for O'Hare and found I'd have to pay about 8 bucks to get one crappy disposable razor at this hotel (had to purchase a bathroom kit from the mini-bar). Wait'll you see the prices for candy bars and potato chips! The room was small and nothing special. Think of your typical $100/night hotel and that's about what you get. IOW, if you're payting 350-400 bucks (plus all the additional charges) you'll feel stupid. Two light bulbs were out and the lights that worked weren't very bright. I know I could've called from replacement bulbs but judging by the 10 minutes I was on hold for room service and the hour and 15 minute wait for the sandwich, I didn't bother. The grilled chicken sandwich was pretty good, though. I normally wouldn't complain about delays in room service. There's just shy of 900 rooms they have to deal with. But the person who delivered the food vented to me (without my prompting) about people in other rooms getting frustrated by the slow service. He said they were having trouble because there were a zillion flights cancelled and the entire hotel was filled. The thing is, a main purpose of this hotel's purpose is to be there for the victims of when zillions of flight cancellations hit O'Hare. You'd think they'd have their act together a bit better since this is a regular occurance. The TV was annoying because each channel seemed to be at a different volume (to an extreme degree). The showerhead was pathetic. They have ice machines designed in a way that makes it quite a task to hold your ice bag under it and still be able to push the button to get the ice. When I went to the front desk during the night to get help on a few things I found that their late night staff are zombies. Talking to one particular woman manning the desk was like talking to a wall. It took her five minutes to figure out that I was indeed staying in the room I was staying in, that I had checked in with an American Express card, and she could indeed give me a mini-bar key. She also didn't seem aware that postcard stamps are not 41 cents so rather than trying to deal with her confusion I let her put a 41 stamp on the postcard - whatever. Oh, and the carpeting throughout the hotel is truly vile, though I guess it serves the purpose of helping you know when you are in Hilton territory as opposed to the rest of the airport. On the good side, I did get a good few hours of sleep, the wake up call was on the minute, the pillows comfy, and there was absolutely no noise from outside or other rooms. I also liked the view of the airport from the window, and how easy it was to get back to my room via the L train in the middle of rush hour from a quick afternoon shopping/lunch trip in downtwon Chicago. I hope I don't sound like too much of a complainer. I only say all these things in order to stress that they're charging a lot for third rate rooms/service.	
Feb 1 2008 	Nice place	Average stay. Even though nothing was bad, nothing really set it out from the crowd either.	
Jan 12 2008 	Convenient stay	Due to an early morning departure and late night arrival, we spent a night here both before and after vacation. The rates seemed reasonable, so we took the commuter bus from Milwaukee, which was very convenient (the &quot;bus terminal&quot; is right across the street) and allowed us to avoid the hassle of constuction on I-94. Check in was quick and painless. It wasn't busy either time, so we used the front desk. One clerk was quite indifferent while the other was more friendly and outgoing, though both were very efficient. The room was smaller than I expected, but suited our needs perfectly. It was clean and quiet. I was a little too tired both nights to give an unbiased assessment of the beds, but I did sleep well both nights. We had evening snacks to hold us over at the sports bar. The waitress warned us about the small portion sizes, and she was right, but it was probably what I should normally have anyway. We enjoyed a very good breakfast at the restaurant (not the buffet) which, like everything else here was pricey, but that's expected. Given this experience, I'd use this hotel again in a similar situation. The convenience of being connected to the terminal is just too good to pass up.	
Jan 1 2008 	Cool Airport Hotel.	Stayed here because all of the downtown hotels were sold out. Upon arriving I stunned to find out that valet was $37. I moved my car to a remote lot and paid far less. This hotel is very, very convenient if you get stranded @ O'Hare. The Blue Line train takes you downtown which I found nice. I was given a new renovated room on the 10th floor overlooking the runways which I loved. I ate in teh pub one night and had a decent but Hilton (expensive) Priced meal. I didn't take advantage of the pool because it cost $10 to use it. The room and hotel overall was very clean. I would definately star here again though.	
Dec 24 2007 	Overpriced but adequate	Yes, it is overpriced for what you're getting, but that's the way it is at a lot of airport hotels. Their rooms are smaller and a bit dated, but this is because they want to have as many rooms as possible and because it's very difficult to overhaul hotels of this size. Ultimately, you're not looking for a resort when you're staying at an airport (at least I'm not). You're looking for some place to rest your weary head between long, tiring and often irritating flights. Is it kind to your wallet? No, it's not, but you'll get a good night's sleep and in the end, what more can you ask for?	
Dec 8 2007 	If you're tired and stranded and have an expense account...	I was flying from the East Coast back to Los Angeles on business when my flight into O'Hare was delayed several hours by weather which caused me to miss my connecting flight. Tired and frustrated, I checked into the O'Hare Hilton, knowing full well what I was getting myself into. Sure enough, it was exactly as I expected.The good:1. By far, the most redeeming thing about the O'Hare Hilton is that it is immediately adjacent to Terminals 1 &amp; 2 and accesssible through an underground connection from baggage claim. To not have to leave the airport and catch a shuttle or pay for cab, particularly in bad weather, and to be able to walk to the airport in the morning without worrying about missing a shuttle, is huge. The hotel is one of the most convenient major airport hotels there is here in the US.2. They are clearly ready for people like me. At 10:30 at night the retail store in the lower level was open and stocked with clean, pressed clothes in case the hamper that was my rollie bag was full, which it was.3. Better yet, they offered an extremely efficient laundry and drycleaning service - I asked that my clothes were ready at 5:45 the next morning and at 5:47 my doorbell rang. $5 per shirt. I would usually have to go to Japan to get this type of service.4. My room was nice. Comfortable bed, plenty of pillows, convenient desk with lots of plugs, black granite countertops, sufficient bathroom, good smelling shampoo and soap. No the room wasn't huge, but for a business traveler, I had only myself to keep company. The lobby decor won't win any awards but I wasn't looking to hand them out either.5. The staff that I dealt with was friendly and helpful.6. The hotel knows how to move lots of people in and out quicklyThe bad:1. When I told a friend my story and mentioned where I had stayed, he said &quot;The O'Hare Hilton? What did you pay, $500?&quot; I guess that made me feel better that it only cost me $359 that night. For what it's worth, another colleague also missed his flight the next day and paid the same $359 (his plane was grounded in Bloomington so he rented a car and drove to O'Hare with the guy he met in the seat next to him - and I thought I was having a bad day). It made me feel like the entire operation was set up to gouge people during inclement weather. I'm sure booking ahead is a far better deal, and if I had a little more time I'd consider saving the money and going off site for a better room at a lower cost, particularly if I was paying the bill (which I wasn't).2. On top of that, with a mediocre $15 burger for room service (which took 45 minutes) plus tax and fees, my bill was $500 for one night at an airport hotel - that's enough for me to try to route myself to a safer connecting hub next time. O'Hare can be the death knell for even the most intrepid of business travelers.3. I checked in at the kiosk. My business companion couldn't get it to work, so he went to the front desk while I forged ahead with the touch screen. It took me several minutes longer than him to get checked in because the kiosk took a while to print out all the documents (including a handy coupon for a free water in the refreshment station aka mini-bar in my room). Clearly if there were a line, however, the kiosk is the way to go. Check-out was painless - a phone call to the front desk.The good news was that I fell asleep as soon as I finished eating and got a good night's sleep and left as quickly as I had arrived, and all thing's considered, I would choose the O'Hare Hilton 10 times out of 10 in situations like mine, and perhaps even in less pressing situations. While I'm basically paying $150 to save myself a cab ride, the Hilton is simply too convenient to overlook.	
Nov 7 2007 	Definitely a 2 star hotel	Had to book a last minute hotel room for a meeting in Chicago, so paid more than average ($400). Room is extremely small, holes in sheets, someone's long blond hair on my towels, room is dark and not enough lighting and tiny bathroom. Front desk is so-so. They expect you to use the self check-in kiosk instead of you wasting their time. I'm a Hilton Gold member, have stayed in many Hiltons across US, would not recommend paying more than $80-$100 for this room. The only pro, is that it is conveniently located in the airport. If you're looking for a 2 star hotel, then you've found the one!	
Nov 6 2007 	Fine by Me	I stayed here twice during stop over's in and out of Chicago and i found the hotel to be perfectly adequate. Yes the rooms are quite small but then so are most airport hotels. The beds were very comfy and the room was nice an quiet. The bath rooms could have done with a smartening up but that was it really. Its a shame that they dont have an Exec Lounge like most Hilton airport hotels as this would have made the stay even better, although the sports bar was good, a nice atmosphere, friendly bar staff and good food. I will stay there again, the only negative aspect was the price increase from $175 on the saturday i stayed to $275 for the same room type just because it was mid-week. But hey you get more Hilton base points to maintain that all important Diamond card.	
Nov 2 2007 	Hilton O'Hare Hit the Spot	Had a quick overnight to Chicago for a meeting that was booked in a conference room at O'Hare. Got a great deal on Hotwire (less than $100), so decided to give the Hilton a try.I was pleasantly surprised...The convenience factor is tremendous. The hotel is right in Terminal 2. Easy.The staff was very friendly and helpful. A+ all the way around.The room was clean and functional. Flat screen tv was nice. Coffee maker worked. Fitness center was above-average. Lots of treadmills and elipticas with built-in tv's. The downside? No free internet access. I wish hotels would build it into the rate. Paying for Internet is inconvenient and distasteful.Another downside? Very expensive coffee place in the lobby. Large drip coffee and a piece of lemon bread--$8. Water was more than $2. And you're kind of stuck with what's avaiable at the hotel.I give this hotel a solid &quot;average&quot; rating. Nothing special...but not too bad. I'd definitely stay there again if I had business at the airport. (And if I could get a below-$200 rate.	
Oct 29 2007 	Great ption if you don't want to pay downtown Chicago prices	Sorry for the late review. . . . . .My husband and I stayed in this hotel for a weekend in August - at the last minute, we had gotten tickets to a Cubs game and to Second CIty. When I checked online for hotel reservations, most of the hotels downtown were booked since there was a large concert that weekend. This actually ended up working out in our favor - instead of paying $300+/night for a room downtown, we paid $129/night for a room at this hotel. We were satisfied - we were able to easily access everything Chicago has to offer since the train to downtown was directly downstairs from the hotel. In addition, it made a late-night flight into Chicago not that big of a deal since the hotel is a 5-minute walk from the gates.Main areas were nice as were hallways. The elevator was super slow (maybe some were not running?). The room was adequate - it was clean and my only complaint is not the noise from the airport, but rather from the room's air conditioner. I'm usually a deep sleeper and it kept me up all night. Furniture and decor were nice.Check-in was fast and easy - we arrived late on a Friday night and there weren't too many people around. The concierge was friendly and helpful.When we return to Chicago, we will probably stay on the Magnificent Mile, however, this hotel suited our last-minute needs just fine and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to be close to the airport or doesn't want to pay the steep prices of staying downtown.	
Oct 13 2007 	Not A Typical Hilton	Like earlier reviewers, I'm Hilton Gold and consider myself loyal to that chain. This hotel, however, just barely meets Hilton standards. Check-in is confusing. Your choices are to use a kiosk -- which couldn't find my reservation -- or stand in line for an actual desk clerk. Rooms are relatively small and in need of renovation. The clock radio didn't work --- at least not the radio or iPod connection. The in-room Internet connection also failed. Both the wireless and wired connections would acknowledge my log-on, but then the system froze before I could open the browser. I ended up using a Verizon wireless card for access.Room service was prompt and the food was surprisingly good, although overpriced.The only Hilton i've seen with such low standards was the Hilton at London Gatwick airport, which was so bad that I haven't stayed there in the past five years. I guess the airport locations don't inspire much incentive to provide typical Hilton rooms and service.	
Sep 7 2007 	Thankfully United Airlines Was Paying!	I try to stay at Hiltons whenever possible, as I'm Gold with them, approaching Diamond status...Was delighted when United put me up there after one of the bad T-storms this summer shut down the airport. Was also delighted that they found me a room so close to ORD, without having to take a cab somewhere...Once I got there, my impression was that the hotel was BARELY up to Hilton standards. It wasn't a bad property by any means, but nothing special, except extortionist prices for everything. The $8 meal voucher from United got me an appetizer or would have paid about 1/4 of my main entree. I had no toiletries (checked baggage, on my way home from a 2-week trip), and dropped a half-a-housepayment for deodorant, contact lens solution and toothpaste/toothbrush.My room was really nothing special, kind of small, I thought, considering we weren't in downtown Chicago. Comfy bed, but I didn't have a plasma TV like others mentioned below. Normally, I'd get a preferred room, but I was told I was getting one of the last 4 rooms left in the hotel. So, I'll cut them some slack, considering I didn't get the pick-of-the-litter of rooms.If it was coming out of my or my company's pocket, I'd surely select another nearby Hilton property and cab-ride it and save probably $100 a night.	
Sep 6 2007 	What you expect from a Hilton	If you are looking for a hotel near O'Hare, this is THE PLACE to go. The hotel is very convienently located on the airport property. Despite the proximity to the runways, the rooms are very quiet. The rooms are small, but nicely furnished with very comfortable beds. The work/desk area is larger than usual, making it much more useful for the business traveler. The room and bathroom were clean and well-lit.There is no executive floor offered- but high floors are marked as &quot;hilton honors&quot; floors. I'm not sure if these floors are any different than the others.There are no real restaurant options nearby other than those offered within the hotel. The sports bar in the hotel offered average food (typical hotel prices) with above-average staff. Service was very friendly and fast. The same cannot be said for the steak restaurant. The service was slow and the high-priced food was below average in quality. Frankly, I have had better steaks at Outback.As previous reviewers have stated, be sure to block out plenty of time if you plan to travel into the city. A ride on the blue line will take you close to an hour, and a taxi could take longer during peak traffic hours.	
Aug 28 2007 	Nice but -2star?	Re Only hotel at Airport. This hotel is the last resort for the delay traveller and knows it. Sky high expensive-$279 for a quality inn?- and once inside you are trapped. You have no options-food, either hotel restaurant-breakfast at $23.00 pretty well minimum,- or the mini-bar- at minibar prices, snickers bar $6.00. Room service delays were 45 minutes, once you have held on line for 5 minutes or so.You can order from outside but that is 45 minutes and I understand that for shopping or anything else, if you don't know the transit system, you are looking at $30 by taxi.Trapped.  The hotel charges $11.95 not $6.00 as another comment notes for WIFI and you have to pay full regular price- again $11.95 to use the fitness centre. There is not even a discount for hotel guests. I suppose that some people use the conference facilities but the business model seems to count on the standed crowd with no choice. Advantages, rooms are business hotel standard - a little small by American standards- more like Europe- well kept, property clean etc.	
Aug 27 2007	Nice hotel for business travel	The Hilton O'Hare Airport was one of the nicest Hiltons I have stayed at. The rooms were newly renovated (mine had a 42' plasma tv), including the bathrooms. It was an average-sized room, but the bed was comfortable and noise from the airport was minimal. Most rooms offer great views of the airport's runways/terminals. The breakfast buffet is quite expensive and overpriced, and not much different from Hilton/Doubletree buffets in different cities. Speaking of overpriced, all three restaurants sure knew how to charge a lot for their meals, but in terms of quality, the food was average at best. I would note that the Kobe burger in the sports bar for $15 was worth the money. In any event, I would highly recommend this hotel for any business traveler who wants to stay in a nice Chicago hotel. However, if you want to go downtown, it's going to take a large chunk out of your afternoon or evening due to the distance ORD is from downtown Chicago.	
Aug 20 2007 	Only hotel AT the airport	We booked this hotel as we were driving from Wisconsin to Chicago to catch a flight to NY at the end of our road trip visit to the East Coast and Midwest USA.We had an early flight so we wanted to stay near the airport and this hotel is the only one which appears to be in the grounds of the airport. It is in fact connected to one of the terminals by an underground walkway which was handy for me as I was dropping off a rental car and then caught the shuttle back to the airport to get back to the hotel.As for the hotel - it is an airport Hilton. What more can you say? Check was very easy, bell staff were efficient and personable, the rooms were Hilton rooms - not real big but OK. We had connecting rooms which was something of rarity on this trip, despite our request at every hotel we stayed. In fact, it was the only time out of seven hotel stays that they managed it.We ate at the restaurant (Andiamo) and it was nice enough. Check out was simple and the shuttle to the airport was efficient - it still takes about 5-10 minutes to get to the terminal by shuttle because of the looping road system so depending on the traffic going into the airport, some of the nearby hotels may offer cheaper alternatives without being in the airport grounds and without a significant difference in shuttle time. All in all we were happy with this as a choice of hotel - it did what it claimed to do and for this we were grateful	
Aug 19 2007	Nice but 2 star	We stayed at this Hilton which is right smack dab in the middle of O'Hare Airport. Not near it, but in it. Cross the &quot;street&quot; and you are inside Terminal 2. That part was a blast for the kids (ages 18, 15, and 12). We were not going on a flight or arriving from one either, we just wanted a 4 star hotel in the Woodfield Mall general area and got this from Priceline for under $100. Thank goodness.The service was excellent. Made me feel like I could have one of those people who paid full price! We even had to leave our luggage with the bell office because we arrived a bit early and the rooms weren't ready. No charge and not a problem that we didn't return from shopping and actually check in until almost 9 PM. On the other hand, what you don't know in advance is that you have to pay $38 for 24 hours of valet parking. If you park yourself in the O'Hare decks it is possibly more expensive. We went in and out about 4 times during the 24 hours and the valet was prompt and courteous even though I didn't tip. Looking back on it that was bad, but I didn't have tip change in my pocket, just bigger bills.It was a nice hotel. Really comfy bed, has down mattress toppers and the foam optionals in the closet. Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries. That's about it for the good news. Room cleanliness, size, modern linens, all below 4 star. The room was one of the smallest I have been in for a chain. And 2 people cannot occupy the bathroom at the same time. It was almost $6 an hour for wireless in the room. In this day and age, for a 4 star not to offer that in the room is ridiculous. You don't want the rest of the world to pick up your WiFi, hire a better analyst or let them use it, work out a deal with the airport, something.Not more than 2 1/2 stars from me.	
Aug 14 2007 	nice room but watch out for the money traps	The hotel is nice/ classy with comfortable beds and an interesting view. It was very quiet - no loud kids or people partying and a convenient locations.WATCHOUT for the extra costs. about $40 for valet per day and about $30 per day to park at the parking lot across the street. The items from the refrigerator were overpriced - they charged for a newpaper each day. Internet $12 per DAY and the workout room has a $7 fee. TIP: park at the rosemont park n ride for $3/ 15 hours and purchase a visitors pass for unlimited train rides around the city. The train from rosemont to the hotel basement is about 5 minutes and it's nice people watching! It's a 2 minute walk from the ohare train station to the hotel.	
Aug 11 2007 	Overcharged	Our flight was delayed by 4 hours, and we missed our connecting flight, so we had to catch the next one at 7:42AM the next morning. As a result of the delay, the airport was willing to give us a Motel 6 about 10 miles away for $44. I'd have to say O'Hare probably has the worst service. As a result we walked into the Hilton. At the desk, the lady gave us a rate of $329 plus tax, in other words, over $400!!!!!! We asked if there was anything cheaper, and she said &quot;Nope&quot;. $329 was probably the club level, but we were only staying for maybe 9 hours! We had never paid for any hotel quite that expensive, NOT EVEN FOR A RITZ-CARLTON!!!!!! We had no choice. It's either that or the Motel 6.When we got to the room, we found that it was definitely not the club level room. There was nothing wrong with it. It had a nice renovation. The bathrooms were clean. The beds were not uncomfortable. However, at $400 a night, Internet was not free. Things in the Mini-Bar were not free. Breakfast was not included. This was outrageous! The Atlanta Hilton Airport hotel was much nicer, and it would cost only $81.Overall, the hotel itself was not a problem, but DEFINITELY NOT $400!!!!!!	
Aug 10 2007 	Beware - Unsafe Hotel	I stayed here for an overnight stay as I had a connecting flight early the next morning. I chose the hotel because it was very convenient to the airport and I felt that the Hilton was a chain of hotels that I could trust and feel safe in. The room itself was clean. The walls however were paper thin and I could clearly hear the person in the next room talking on her phone all night and noises coming from the hallway. Unfortunately, my stay was ruined because I was a victim of theft at the hotel. I contacted the Hilton Corporation and explained the situation as I had clear evidence it was someone in their organization and did not receive a single response back from anyone at the Corporate headquarters. I don't feel that this hotel is a safe place to stay and if you do ever experience a problem, don't expect the Hilton Corporation to care. It's not worth the risk to your well being to stay here. I would recommend to forego the convenience and stay at a different hotel that at least cares about the safety of its guests.	
Aug 2 2007 	Great if you need to be near O'Hare	Stayed here in July for some business meetings, and had a most pleasant stay. Yes, it does cater (actually is setup) somewhat more for business travelers (2nd floor is meeting rooms), but it is still a very nice hotel, and would have no hesitation whatsoever to stay here with family or on any non-business itinerary. Check in is very quick, even though they were very busy at the time. They typically have enough front desk staff to handle the volume, and at one end of the registration desk is a separate place where Hilton HHonors members can check in. The hotel is in great shape, especially the rooms. They are clean, big enough (they have kind of a European look to them), have very comfortable beds, and are unbelievably quiet given the hotel is on the airport grounds.The restaurant and sports bar downstairs are nice enough; typical hotel fare and prices, but the food was good, and wait staff were attentive and timely. The atmosphere is nice and calm - good to get away from the hustle/bustle in the lobby. The hotel also has a great fitness center on the lower level, with plenty of treadmills, bikes, weights, etc. No wait at all. The pool is right there next to the fitness center as well.The location is convenient, especially if you have travel issues around getting into/out of O'Hare (e.g., early or late flights). You can walk to the hotel from any concourse without going outside, and as other reviewers have said, there are train and bus stops there in the lower tunnel level, so you can get downtown in about 45 minutes. There is obviously nothing to do outside of the hotel without some form of transportation, but if you are looking for a place to stay with the quickest access to O'Hare, this is it.You can check in for your flights, and print boarding passes from kiosks located in the hotel lobby - that is also nice if you want to save time from waiting in lines once you get back over to the airport.All in all, would stay here any time - the lone exception being pricing. It can be very expensive sometimes (not sure what drives the prices so much higher at times), but when the rates are comparable, wouldn't hesitate staying here again.	
Jul 31 2007 	Location Location Location	Location is what this hotel has going for it. Neslted IN the Chicago Ohare Airport is a huge conveinence for travelers that fly in. The Blue Line train to downtown is located on the lower level. Room was average, a little small. Beds were ok. No place within walking distance to eat anything decent. $40 for overnight parking. I loved this hotel for price and conveinence only.	
Jul 26 2007	Not Worth The Money - but Convenient and Generally Okay	This hotel is mainly for business travelers. It's fairly crowded in the lobby, restaurants and such. Generally an okay place. Room is clean. Staff is reasonably good, but someone cold.There is a great workout room, but they charge for it unless you are a Hilton Gold Level member.Corner rooms are nice because they have large windows on two walls.Internet costs $12/day - a rip-off. It's quite a trek from the actual Airport Terminal, but convenient.It has a convenient check-in Kiosk to print boarding passes for any airline. Room service is very very expensive and average quality. Better off walking down to the restaurant.I asked the staff for a spare ziplock bag, and they didn't even check, they said &quot;we don't have any&quot;. That could be true, but they could have suggested where to get one, or made some effort to look around before responding.Business meeting rooms are okay - rectangular in shape.However - the Airport itself is a mess. Constant delays. I would not recommend flying into or out of O'Hare, or hosting meetings here. Choose Houston or Dallas instead. Delays and cancellations are common. Sitting on the tarmac for 1.5 hours is common. Bad stuff.	
Jul 22 2007 	Plesant Stay	Stayed at the Hilton O'Hare because I had an early A. M. flight the next morning. Check in was smooth, the front desk staff was helpful with information about the hotel. The room was clean and up to the above average standards of the Hilton chain. The bed is wonderful, and comfortable. There is a refrig.with items in there to be paid for if they are comsumed. No microwave, there is a small coffee pot for two cups of coffee. The hotel has a business center, and on the lower level there is a computer room with 3 computers and I think 2 or 3 printers. The cost is a miminum of $3.00 to sign on to the internet. Credit card required. The gym is on the lower level as well the gift shop and another small retail shop. There is a resturant on the check in level of the hotel.This hotel is clearly a hotel for Business Travelers although tourist will find it attractive. The convenience to get into the city is a plus for this hotel right in the airport. You can take the Blue Line right in to the city. I purchased a day pass for $5.00 for use on the CTA bus and train. BE AWARE, there is a lot of construction going on in the downtown area of Chicago. Also the blue line train route is under contstruction. From the hotel you will ride the line to the Western station and then take Shuttle bus to the downtown area. Allow more time to get to and from the downtown area from the hotel. I would stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 16 2007 	Can't Beat the Convenience	We stayed here for one night on Saturday June 30 and it was a great stay. We were driving to Chicago for the day, then flying out of O'Hare the next morning for 10 days. We were originally booked in the Courtyard near the airport where they had a free parking for up to 14 days deal. But we changed our reservation to the Hilton for the convenience. We wanted to go downtown for the Taste of Chicago, then we had a 9:30 am flight the next day. The Hilton is connected to the CTA Blue Line station and O'Hare airport via tunnels. This was the beginning of our honeymoon, so we were willing to pay the extra $100+ (room rate and parking) for the convenience. We dropped our truck off at Park-N-Jet on Manheim Road (great service by the way and much cheaper than both Hilton and airport parking). Their shuttle brought us to the hotel which is in the airport complex. Once we checked in, we didn't have to deal with parking or traffic for the rest of our trip. You can access the CTA trains directly through their underground atrium. 45 minutes later we were enjoying the Taste of Chicago festival downtown. The next morning we used their underground atrium again to get into the airport terminal. You can check in for your flight and print your boarding passes right from a kiosk in their lobby. The convenience alone made it all worth the extra cost. The room was clean and updated, and apparently pretty well soundproofed since the noise from the airport didn't bother us. We were not there long enough to eat or enjoy any of the other amenities. This is obviously a hotel geared toward the business traveler. The same room costs three times as much during the week. But we were there on a Saturday and got a pretty good rate ($156 with AAA) for a Chicago hotel of this class and convenience. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 26 2007 	Not Worth the Price	The Hilton is one of those hotels that has the outward appearance of being very well-maintained and expensive looking, but it's really not worth the price! My husband and I got a good deal through Priceline and stayed here over Labor Day weekend, and we were pretty disappointed.There's no microwave, and (unbelievably) you're actually not allowed to put your own food in the fridge! There's also no continental breakfast or anything like that. Because it's in the airport, parking is also pretty steep -- $26 a night.We actually followed the amazing advice of a fellow TripAdvisor reviewer, and parked our car at the Rosemont train station and took the train to O'Hare, which takes about 3 mins. Compared to the Hilton's $26, a 3 minute train ride translated to about $3 for a full day of parking. Best advice we got on that trip!Other than that, the hotel was beautiful and well-maintained. Since it's on the train system, it was an absolute cinch getting in to the city, and I will admit that the Hilton &quot;Dream beds&quot; (yep, they have a name) are the best I've ever slept in, hands down.	
Jun 14 2007 	comfortable night before flight home	Because of all the congestion at airports early in the morning, we decided to stay at O'Hare the night before our scheduled flight.The Hilton was clean and comfortable with littte airport noise. In the morning we boarded the courtesy bus with drop off at our terminal. We arrived in CA. relaxed and rested.	
Jun 9 2007 	Convenient for Airport and Downtown Chicago	My wife and I stayed here for two nights at the end of our vacation in May.We chose the Hilton, partly because most of the hotels in downtown Chicago were fully booked as it was a holiday weekend. We opted for the romance package which includes sparkling wine and chocolates, breakfast for one morning (we exchanged this for dinner) and use of the health club.Our accommodation on the top floor had a great view of the aircraft movements. The room itself was stylish with some nice touches including a funky clock radio and a CD player.We ate at both Sports Edition, a sports themed bar with lots of TV's and Andiamo a restaurant next door. The food and service was excellent and not overly expensive considering the location.The hotel is situated via an underground tunnel near to the CTA Blue Line which takes approx 45 minutes to get to downtown Chicago.I would definitely recommend staying at the Hilton Chicago O’Hare.	
May 24 2007 	Ultra Convenient to O'Hare. Great Fitness Center Shops.	Had a 10 AM flight out of O'Hare. Rather than try to make the 2-3 hour drive from OakBrook during morning rush hour, I opted to pay the extra $50 ( which I saved by returning my rental car early) and stayed at the O'Hare Hilton. Check in at 4 PM was very quick. Room was nice size. Hilton Honors members get two free waters from the mini-bar; continental breakfast (with smoked salmon !) &amp; free use of the fitness center. The fitness center on the lower level was big with many free wieights, weight machines and about 6 each of cross-trainers, treadmillls, bikes and steppers w/personal TV's. Also a small pool and hot tub. It's used by people who are not staying at the hotel in addition to guests. Bed was very comfy- and room right next to O'Hare parking garage was very quiet ( super-soundproofed, I guess). It's always nice to get little perks - in the mini-bar were 3 slices of lemon and a small pitcher of cream for coffee. Never seen that before. Preprinted my boarding pass at one of the many kiosks in the lobby.Rolled out of bed at 8:00 had time for breakfast and at my gate at 9:15. Clean and convenient.	
Apr 12 2007 	Very Expensive Port in a Storm	I was stuck overnight in Chicago when my flight home was cancelled due to bad weather, and booked the O'Hare Hilton for its convenience and availability. Fortunately, my company paid the cost- it was $369 including taxes and one day of Internet access. A late-spring snowstorm had made all accomodations expensive. Nice, typical room, but I wasted considerable time getting on-line because I believed the sign in my room telling me Wi-Fi was not available but Ethernet was. I couldn't find the Ethernet connection. I called the hotel operator, who patched me in to Tech Support. You guessed it- the room had no Ethernet but did have Wi-Fi. The sign lied. They really ought to replace it.I considered room service but prices were crazy so I joined fellow marooned colleagues in the Sports Bar- still overpriced, but decent food. As a Gold HHonors member, I got a free continental breakfast buffet- full buffet (including omelets) would have been only $2 additional.The pool was a generous size for a city hotel and I had it all to myself- fitness center was well-equipped, with a particularly large selection of weights.Kiosk check-in and the ability to print boarding passes before you leave the hotel were nice conveniences.A nice place to hide out for the night, but I'm glad to be heading home!	
Apr 9 2007 	Convenient Airport Hotel - though expensive	Stayed at this hotel during a stopover en route to PHX. Stayed in a standard doudle guestroom. I found the room to be very clean and well presented. A little on the small side with a huge recliner taking up a lot of space!Staff very attentive and the service very prompt. I requested a crib for our 9 month old daughter and it was delivered within 15 mins of check-in.Breakfast was average fare. $19 for the all you can eat buffett menu.Ate at the on site sports bar which was good food but expensive. $6.50 for a bottle of beer.In conclusion, good airport hotel with an underground walkway to T2 &amp; T3. As with convenience you pay top $.Would stay here again.	
Apr 9 2007	Ratty rooms and below Hilton standards	I got room 9038 and it was nasty. I am only 5'11&quot; but there was no way I could use the bathrom. I stay over 100 nights a year in USA hotels. The O'Hare Hilton is shoddy, ratty and run down and when they send the email asking Gold Members to write about their experience the site doesn't work so here I am. The place needs MONEY spending soon. Beware room 9038 on the so called Executive Floor. You will be disappointed and I got stuck there for 2 nights OY!!!! Managers on duty aren't!!!!!!!! Beware this Hilton. Nasty!!!! Old!!!! Threadbare!!!!Peter NooneHilton Honors Gold #056940661	
Apr 6 2007 	Totally unresponsive staff	I stayed here for just one night for business in early March.Check-in was a disaster. The kiosk in the lobby would not work, so I had to stand in line for 40 minutes while the completely unresponsive front desk staff just stared at their computer screens and walked around. What a nightmare.The rooms are halfway decent and apparently soundproofed.Overall it was adequate, but if you have any problem at all, don't expect any assistance from the comatose front desk staff.	
Apr 3 2007 	Extra mile on service	Was stranded at O'Hare due to weather and got the last room available through the airline gate agent. VERY convinient as it is right inside the terminal and you can walk the next morning to your flight. The room is a bit small but the staff was very nice, had no change of clothes but when asked (at 9pm) if they could wash my clothes they said no problem and had them back to me in 2 hours and much cheaper than buying a new set.Sports bar/grill downstairs had decent food and atmosphere and if you can get a decent/comparable rate to the other nearby hotels I would recommend highly for the added convinience factor.	
Mar 21 2007 	Better Stay 2nd time around! Loved it!	2nd overnight stay at the Hilton O'Hare...Check in was a breeze, was booked into room 10106 (top floor, room 106) High, Away from Elevators and Smoking... The Chicago O'Hare Hilton has always provided my room preferences, and their beds are something to die for.I've stayed at a lot of Hilton hotels, but this one has the best beds/pillows in the world. Don't even think of watching TV in bed, you will be asleep in minutes. Despite my past bad review, the bed was the same HEAVEN standard.Room was very clean, past guest had drop a smoke and burnt the carpet for the length of a cigarette, but nothing you can expect the Hilton to fix quickly, not really a worry.Room had it's own ADSL2 modem on the desk, standard $9.95 fee, but as per my last stay had issues with multiple connections. You would get timeouts on pages if you tried to view too many at once. Rather annoying and time consuming if you like loading many pages at once, or pages with lots of images, Flickr had alot of issues both times.This hotel has the best Coffee machine I've experienced, they even give you a take-away cup if you want to brew an on the go run checkout.As I was looking for a 11am checkout, a window washer came by about 10am, would have been nice if the hotel warned people. Being male I wasn't too concerned, but females would think differently. I was taking Airport photos, so this was a bonus for me.This is the only Hilton Hotel I really look forward to returning to. The beds alone are worth it, despite a 5 hour sleep, you wake up feeling like you slept a week, refreshed and renewed.	
Mar 19 2007	Great Hotel!	Stayed here for a night in order to catch a plane next day. Check in and everything was fine, the room was large and comfortable. Great Hotel! I always loved Hilton	
Mar 5 2007	Clean Your Whirlpool Tub Before Use	Mold in the whirlpool tubs in the suite. Had to see a physician for antibiotic pills and cream to treat a severe dermatitis rash all over body .Working with the public I now face a week or so of red, blotchy,itchy skin and discomfort. Thanks Hilton for an uncomfortable week ahead	
Mar 4 2007 	A solid hotel for meetings and connections	The Hilton O'Hare is the large semicircular black hotel located between the arrival terminal and the parking garage at Chicago O'Hare Airport. It has, for many years, offered unmatched convenience (I think it was one of the first hotels build on airport grounds) and has maintained a standard for room quality and service that remains first-rate. Despite a few issues, this is still the choice for business travelers booking connections or airport-meetings in Chicago. The hotel is a short walk from the terminal, though a connecting tunnel at Terminal 2. You have to go into the terminal from the train, then down an elevator and back the way you came through a tunnel to get to the hotel: there is no surface access (follow the signs)..Once you arrive at the elevators, go up to the Lobby to check in (there were a number of people confused about that who were milling around the lower levels). Check-in (and check out) are poor, so allow extra time. There is a narrow lobby with long lines the length of the glass front: too few clerks and a long check-in process (no better for Hilton Honors at their desk) delayed most people up to half an hour getting a room assignment (much grumbling in the lines from international travelers trying to get a bed and get to sleep). The restaurant on the same floor is pretty standard: a breakfast buffet that is large but expensive and a menu that quickly exceeds the price of the buffet if you go a la carte. The best strategy is to take an included breakfast coupon if you can get it: they range from simple continental credit to buffet credit. Otherwise, plan on about $20 per head. The room, on the other hand, is lovely. The bod and the room are large, and include great touches like a senseo-style coffee-maker with plenty of packets to brew. The bathroom has a lot of high end toiletries, and the water is hot and abundant. The in-room TV has the usual dizzying array of cable TV and movie channels: there is Wireless Internet for $10 per day add-on (seems a bit steep, and no breaks for Hilton Honors members). There is a shopping arcade and fitness center in the lower level: the fitness center was always very busy when I passed by and the patrons are very toned: it's a place to see and be seen, rather than one to exercise in your grubbies. The Chicago &quot;L&quot; train has a terminal below the hotel which goes directly into the heart of the city on the Blue Line. It's about a 45-minute ride each way and costs about $3: tickets are available at the station. Make sure that you know where you are getting off before you get on: there are few maps on the trains themselves: see, for example, http://www.transitchicago.com/maps/maps/2006D.html .The best stop seems to be Clark, which lets you out a couple of blocks from the Theater district and the associated restaurants and shopping. Make sure to mark your way back, too: the subway entrance is not well marked and we got lost trying to retrace our steps back. Overall, the hotel experience is very upscale in the rooms, less-so when you hit the lobby and restaurants. Still, it's convenient, and they host a good meeting in the second-floor meeting-room areas (but too few bathrooms...another story...)	
Feb 20 2007 	From your room to your gate in minutes	The great advantage to this place is its location. Rooms are small but fully equipped. If you have to fly out early, this place is ideal. If you want anything resembling a visit to Chicago with its great shopping and great restaurants, this isn't it.	
Feb 15 2007	Nice Hotel	Nice hotel!Pros:------1. Easy to get to from the terminal. Follow the blue/white &quot;bed&quot; signs and then the hilton signs on the floor.2. Room was clean and quiet.3. Check-in was easy thru the kiosk4. Gym is enormous. Full circuit in the machines and a number of aerobic machines.5. Dining is expensive but more or less tasty.Cons-----1. Extra costs: Gym is $11/day, internet is $15 or so2. Front desk staff is unresponsive3. Don't try to open the Le Source shampoo with wet fingers! You'll rip your hands!	
Jan 20 2007 	Very nice accomodation	Enjoyed one-night stay at this very confortable, and clean hotel.	
Jan 18 2007	Another Lemons to Lemonade Story!	On 21 Dec 06 we were delayed in Chicago for 3 nights as we travelled from Manchester (UK) to Denver, due to snow closing Denver Airport. American Airlines gave us details of a 'distressed passenger' rate at another hotel. However, after waiting 1hr 45mins – despite a kind lady at the information desk phoning the hotel for us twice – the shuttle bus had still not arrived. So we returned to the airport and picked up the Hilton phone.The reservation lady was very helpful to this tired and stressed Englishwoman who could barely hear her because of the background noise. She went out of her way to see if we were eligible for any reduction in the rate, and searched the system to find my Hilton Honors details – until she mentioned it, I'd completely forgotten I was a member. She apologised for the high rate for that night but obviously it was due to the demand caused by the delays. She was, however, able to reduce the rate considerably for the next 2 nights.We caught the airport train to the hotel and were able to check in quickly at the separate HHonors desk. (The main registration had a long, long queue – presumably lots of delayed people trying to get a room.) Our room was on the 9th floor and was very comfortable and well appointed. It had an excellent view of the runways but no noise from it (I love to watch an airport at work, although my husband isn't bothered because he works at one!). We ate in the sports bar that evening and had breakfast in the main restaurant the following morning, both of which were very good.We travelled into downtown Chicago by train on both days. The station is easily accessible from the hotel without having to go outside. A 2-day visitor pass which covers all trains and buses, including out to O'Hare, cost $9.00 each which we thought was excellent value.Having transited Chicago on numerous occasions we had often said we should stop over and visit the city some time. The Hilton provided us with a comfortable and safe haven for this enforced visit, allowing us to turn an inconvenient delay into an enjoyable part of our vacation. Whilst somewhat expensive, it was worth every penny.	
Jan 4 2007 	Made Lemonaid out of a lemon experience	When we missed our flight to Amsterdam, we were told that United could not book us on a flight until 4:15 the following day. It was now 7:00 at night, Chicago time, and we were very upset to be missing out on our planned vacation. The most United would do for us was to give us an 800 number to call for an accomodation at a discount. We called, and chose the Hilton, because we could walk to it from Terminal 1.We walked dejectedly along the vast corridors of O'Hare sans baggage. Because of TSA restrictions, we had no toiletries. We were not happy campers.Things started looking up as we approached the Hilton, and noticed the gleaming brass and plush carpets. Our $99.00 rate was now starting to look like a bargain. The very nice young woman at the front desk checked us in with speed and efficiency. When she heard our tale of woe, she whipped out two toothbrushes and toothpaste, which complemented the fully stocked toiletries that come with the room. The bellman had lots of maps and brochures to help us spend the next morning touring Chicago. The extremely nice Hungarian woman who owns the boutique, fitted us out with sleepware and the wool gloves I'd forgotten to pack.Upstairs we entered our lovely room, which was furnished with two double beds, a lounging chair, huge desk and automatic coffee maker. The beds and exquisite linens were some of the most comfortable I've ever slept on. Like others have said, all was quiet. My major fear ,that we'd be kept up with airplane noise, was unfounded. After a very tasty sandwich in the sports bar downstairs, we slept like babies.The next day we got up early and headed into Chicago. The train station is located just across the street from the hotel. The young man at the front desk graciously extended the time to check out until 1:00, so that we could enjoy Chicago. We paid $2.00, each, to take the 55 minute train ride into the city. Since we'd never been to Chicago, we were thrilled to see it, and vowed to return.Since we were so close to the airport, returning the next afternoon was a breeze. I'd definitely stay here again, as it was a lovely hotel with great staff.	
Jan 1 2007 	Great Airport Hotel	I have no complaints about our one night stay at the O'Hare HiltonGot a really good deal using Hotwire.com for about $60 per night. Great airport location, walk to the terminal.Check in desk in the lobby for most major airlines (demestic)Nice on-site sports bar.Clean large rooms.Even though this hotel is on the airport property you can't hear the planes landing ot taking off! Some rooms do offer a view of the runways.	
Nov 1 2006 	Obviously it's the location	Overpriced but beats trying to fight the traffic to catch a morning flight. If we ever have the misfortune of flying out of O'Hare again, we would stay at the Hilton. The bed was very comfortable and the room surprisingly quiet. Ate at the Sport's Bar...food was good and service excellent.	
Nov 1 2006 	One of the best airport hotels	I see that the reviews for the Airport Hilton at O'Hare have been mixed, but we had a perfect stay all around.Check-in, bellmen, service, quality of food at room service and at the breakfast buffet were all perfect. It is a beautiful hotel too. The rooms are nicely decorated and seem new and fresh.This is one of the best airport hotels I have ever stayed at.	
Oct 31 2006	Run don't walk (and no need to drive) to the hilton!	As soon as you find out you're stuck in Chicago, get here as quick as you can. The rooms are small, but new, and the bar is a great place to get a quick bite to eat. I LOVE staying here when I have to. It's a great place to swap travel horror stories over a few beers, and you can catch the first flight out without getting up too early.	
Oct 16 2006 	Convenient location poor service	The location for this hotel cannot be beat. It is a total oasis for any stranded traveller at Ohare. The rooms are nice and quiet. Plenty of amenities. However, the service leaves much to be desired. My remote control was malfunctioning and it took 3 calls and 45 minutes to get anyone to look at the TV. then, when maintenance realized that the tv was malfunctioning, not the remote, no one offered to move me to another room, but rather offered to fix the TV. at midnight. not a great option. front desk was not helpful either. in summary, great location, poor service.	
Aug 23 2006	Very nice hotel and didn't even hear the planes	I booked this hotel off of Hotwire. I got it for only $89 a night. What a deal! This was a wonderful hotel! The beds were so great! The room was very quiet even though it is at the airport. I didn't hear a single plane. Very busy lobby but I would certainly stay there again!	
Aug 22 2006	Very nice stay at O'Hare Hilton	My three-year old son and I just returned from a last minute, long weekend in Chicago to see a Cubs game. I'm a big fan of commercial aviation and, since it was just the two of us, I decided to try out the hotel at the airport instead of finding one downtown. I obtained a rate of $60 per night from Priceline.I couldn't have been more pleased with the hotel from check-in to check-out. First, when I asked if I could check my bags somewhere until check-in time, the desk attendant said he'd be happy to let me check-in -- at 11:45am. He asked if I had a room preference and I asked for one with a view of the runways. We ended up with a king room on the top (10th) floor with a fantastic (if you like this sort of thing) view of the terminals and runways. Very handy for keeping my son occupied. Very little noise from the planes. The front desk also accomodated a late check-out with no problems. You can check in for your flights and print your boarding passes from the lobby.Room was a good size and nicely decorated. The bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. Plenty of pillows, nice sheets. Very comfortable modern recliner and a good sized L-shaped desk. Bathroom was a little small, but nice.There's a pool and hot tub in the athletic club attached to the hotel. Other reviewers noted there was a fee, but we were not charged to use it. Wireless internet access in the room at $9.95/24 hours.VERY close to the train to the city. The hotel is connected to the station -- maybe a two minute walk from the lobby with a three year old. As of August 21, it's about an hour or so all the way to downtown, though (there was track construction, so the trains had to crawl through certain segments -- it's probably faster when there is no need to slow down). A little less time to get to Wrigley Field if you get off at the Addison stop and take a bus to the stadium. As another reviewer noted, the restaurant choices are limited since most of the food is past security. We picked up some breakfast bars/bagels at a Walgreens when we were out the first day and took them back for breakfasts. We were out for lunch and most dinners. There is a small sports bar downstairs that was a little pricey ($10 or $11 for a burger/sandwich), but not too bad given that it's a hotel restaurant. The kid's meal was realtively cheap, though. Overall, we had a very nice stay and I wouldn't hesitate to return. A cheaper alternative to staying downtown (especially with the Priceline rate) if you don't mind the train ride.	
Aug 13 2006 	Fine for an overnight at the airport	Stayed overnight last week between 2 flights through O'Hare. Very convenient location for this - right at the center of the airport and walking distance to terminal 3 (where both my flights were).Pleasantly surprised by the calm and clean ambience, given the usual busyness of an airport hotel. Very quiet indeed - no intrusive noise from the jets taking off. Room was large, with a good work desk, plus a good bathroom. Wireless internet access available, but lower speed than many other places (64Kbytes per second max).Breakfast in the hotel restaurant was great (really nice omelette) and reasonably priced. The staff there were really pleasant and helpful.Can't think of any negatives - for a short stay at the airport, this hit the mark.	
Aug 8 2006 	Location location location	Amazingly quiet for an airport hotel. Very functional. Banquet food was above average. Call for maid service if you want it done by a specific time. My room was not cleaned until after I called at 4pm.	
Jul 27 2006 	Hated this Hilton	The beds were uncomfortable. There was no place to get breakfast nearby- since no one can go to the airport without being a ticketed passenger since 9-11. The indoor pool was rather small. The rooms were small. The only plus was that it was attached to the airport where you could easily hop on the subway. I would not want to stay at this property again.	
Jul 21 2006 	Pleasant Extended Layover but check your bills	I stayed at this hotel because I gave up a seat on United Airlines and they made arrangements for me to stay here. The room was wonderful. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. Although I was in a room that faced the parking garage I did not notice any additional noise. If you forget your toothbrush or toothpaste, they are available for purchase in your mini bar. Internet Access:I paid for daily internet access for $9.95 for a 24 hour period but noticed I was charged twice on my credit card. I would not hold Hilton responsible for this, but the third party internet provider. A dispute was filed with my credit card company and resolved.Gym: Costs $11 per day, has a walk in closet sized indoor pool enough for a the kids to jump in and splash a bit, but do not expect to do laps here. Most of the treadmills, steppers, and eliptical machines are equipped with their own tv/radio, bring your own headset. There are free weights and other weight lifting equipment. Check-in / Check outThe staff at the reservation desk was professional and friendly. I asked about a delayed checkout and was offered a 2pm checkout instead of a noon check out. Anything later would have been about $70 extra so I just stored my luggage with the bell desk and showered later in the day the gym.	
Jul 18 2006 	Convenient to Airport- Comfortable Room!	We stayed here after a long flight and United lost our baggage. it was convenient- right on site at O'Hare- you can even walk! The beds were comfortable and the room was exceptionally clean! Check in was a little long but overall we were satisfied!	
Jul 17 2006	Be careful with the extra charges!	My husband and I purchased an overnight stay at the Hilton O'Hare with hotwire for $70! It was my first time purchasing with hotwire and was skeptical about getting a four star hotel for so little money. We were trying to find something in downtown Chicago but the least expensive was going for $250/night!! We were driving to Chicago so I called the hotel for directions and found out they charge $38/night for parking!! That was SO ridiculous a cost that my husband and I parked at the Rosemont &quot;park&amp;ride&quot; for $3/night!! It was great...we bought a two-day pass from CTA for $9/pass and took the train to the hotel/airport which was the very next stop. The only thing that bothered me were the extra charges the Hilton puts on little incidentals that are complimentary at 2&amp;3 star hotels. For example, we forgot toothpaste, normally the front desk at a days inn or courtyard marriott will bring us a complimentary travel size tube but the Hilton charges $4.75 for a travel kit which includes a toothbrush, razor, toothpaste,etc. We had a case of the late-nite munchies after returning from a show downtown so we ordered a turkey BLT from room service for $11, the Hilton then added a 17% gratuity to our bill in addition to a $4 charge for in-room service! It was ridiculous! They charge for any little thing they can even when their average rate is over $200!	
Jul 3 2006	Pleasant Surprise	My partner and I frequently stay in Chicago for weekends, but never considered staying at the O'Hare Hilton until it was booked for us on Hotwire. What a nice surprise! Very pleasant facililty, easy check-in with a helpful and courteous staff, beautiful room with one of the best hotel beds we have slept in. Airport noise was NOT an issue - we had an excellent night's sleep. The view of the airport's terminals and runways is actually very interesting.The only negatives we could find were that food trays from the previous day's room service were still in the hallway at noon the following day. In a hotel this nice, that was uncalled for. The other issue is parking, which is VERY expensive. We suggest using airport remote parking accessed off Besie Coleman Drive, then use the airport terminal shuttle train to drop you at terminal #2, then walk to the lobby (follow the signs up the escalator, across the walkway bridge, down the escalator, into the terminal, down the elevator 2 floors, and through the pedestrian tunnel). Parking is $14 as compared to $36 in the garage. It takes more time, but is not hard to do if you are not in a hurry.	
Jun 24 2006	Nice but a RIP OFF on the extras charges !	This is a nice, clean, comfortable Hilton. Everyone was pleasant and professional, and I the room was classic Hilton comfort. I attended a business meeting for three days and spent a Wed-Thur-Friday at this Hilton. I have two real problems with this hotel. 1) It is a rip off. There standard rooms are twice as much as similar hotels in the area. and 2) They over charge you for absolutely everything. I would not have been so disgusted by the overpriced room, if it werent for the nit-picking extras added to the bill... such as... $25 a day to park, $13 a day to use my computer in my room, $12.50 a day to use the work out center, $7 for an draft beer in the lounge... This i s a shame, because it taints an otherwise very pleasant stay in very nice hotel. I just won't go back.	
Jun 1 2006	Convenient For Business - Not For Leisure	This is your best choice of hotel if you are traveling on business. Should you be traveling as a tourist, or for pleasure note parking is $26 daily (self park) and $38 valet, no exceptions. They will also charge you for all of the amenities to include an extra packet of coffee?! (one pot for your entire stay), amenities etc.. again, if you're going on business I would recommend this hotel, otherwise based from experience you can find a better or similar quality hotel near the airport without the hassle of parking at the airport and paying the extra cost.	
May 24 2006 	Business Traveler	Our company visits the O’Hare Hilton at least once or twice a year to hold our national sales meetings. Last visit was May 9-11, 2006. Overall the stay was pretty good. Guaranteed our work will hold a meeting at this hotel again. Mainly because it’s at a major airline hub, and everyone from the East and West coasts can meet halfway, have the meeting, and fly right out without having to rent any cars. Very convenient as I mentioned before. My review is from a business traveler’s viewpoint as follows:CONVENIENCE: Key to the popularity of this hotel, as it is located right at the O’hare airport. Very accessible. Loved that we did not have to catch a cab.CHECK-IN/OUT: Very fast and easy. They have kiosks situated in different areas of the lobby for easy check-in &amp; out. Much better than standing in line waiting for a desk clerk to help you. Just use the kiosks and you can forego the waiting. You also access flight information for different airlines, and check-in to your airline and print your boarding pass at the kiosks. Very convenient when we could access this during our meeting breaks, print our boarding pass, and zip right to the airport terminal when the meeting was done. SLEEPING ROOMS: My room was located on the 7th floor of the east wing. I had a corner room, where I had 180° views of the airport. Wireless is available in the rooms, but you have to pay a small $9.00 fee per day to access. The bathroom is small, but I did not expect a big lavish bathroom. Great water pressure, and the small amenities were nice. My bed was VERY comfortable with plush down pillows. I had great night’s sleep. Although my room was facing the main airport, I could see airplanes take off, but I did not hear one plane. The sound-proofing facing the runway is incredible. HOWEVER, the sound-proofing for my room wall next to the adjoining room needed some improvement. My neighbor next door was a little loud. I could hear his whole conversation on his phone, his t.v., and his alarm clock when it went off at 6:30 in the morning.MEETING ROOMS: The meeting rooms located on the mezzanine are the prime locations. We were in Dublin/London. The sales staff is excellent at answering any needs. The last day of our meeting was moved downstairs to International East. It was great until the end of the day, when we were still having training, but our room was located next to the crew kitchen, so come 4pm, the clean-up crew was clattering their dishes away while we were trying to get trained. The meeting rooms downstairs is also where the main traffic is, and the arcade &amp; stores, so it gets pretty noisy with all the foot traffic and people coming &amp; going from the terminal. We could hear the person vacuuming the lobby halls too. Try to get your meeting space planned on the mezzanine.FOOD: The food was average at best. We came off a meeting at DFW in March, and the food at the Hyatt Regency DFW is fabulous compared to the food at the O’Hare. The sales office needs to work on their food/beverage menu for the meetings. We’ve definitely had better fare at other venues.Overall, this hotel is ideal for business traveler’s. Again, convenience is key.	
May 1 2006	Very Convenient To Airport	We stayed at this hotel paid for by United Airlines on a layover back home to Portland, ME. We weren't in a good mood when we checked in (since we wanted to get home), but finally relaxed when we got into the room. The lady at the front counter was very polite, the rooms were adequately furnished and clean. This hotel is definately very convenient to O'Hare, as it is the only hotel on the property. We stayed on the back side of the hotel and did not hear any airplane traffic noise at all. The beds were very comfortable as well. We did have dinner at Andiamo near the lobby that night and were pleasantly surprised. The food was very good and I would highly recommend this restaurant if you are staying there for dinner. All in all, convenient, clean hotel right at the airport. All you have to do is walk to or from your gate and you are there!!!	
Apr 6 2006 	Decent	This was a decent hotel and I would stay here again. I would not however, come here for an anniversary weekend or anything like that. This hotel is great if you have a conference at the hotel or want to stay in close proximity to the airport. The rooms were clean and I actually liked the view of the runway and sometimes found myself just watching airplanes take off and land. Check-in was not easy as I tried to check-in early – and they had been notified of that. When I first arrived, I asked the young woman behind the counter if I could check in early. She then proceeded to explain that check-in hadn’t started yet, etc. I stopped her and said I obviously understood that as I just said I wanted to check-in “early” and that the person who had arranged my accommodations had asked about it and was told that it was a possibility. Well this young woman told me to come back – like 3 – 4 hours later. She made no proactive attempt to help me – she didn’t even check to see if a room was ready. So I suggested that she take down my cell phone number and perhaps think about checking and then calling me if something came available. In the meantime, I went to the restaurant, Andiamo, which is decent, and then came back an hour later. A very helpful woman named Latifah was there this time and as soon as I said,”Can I check in early?,” she checked, found a room and handed me a key. Anyway, this type of service is not surprising at a chain. Also, the restaurant, as I said, was decent. They weren’t good with details – each time I ate at Andiamo, I spotted small irritants – like dirty silverware, crumbs on the table they sat me at, dirty cups, straws in my drinks that were generously decorated with lint and other unknown particles, etc. So I’d have to ask for clean silverware (I like my forks without caked on, dishwasher baked food, thank you very much). Overall, my stay was as to be expected. Would stay there again if necessary but this would not be the place to go for a “special” weekend.	
Jan 2 2006	Very nice beds	I was at the Ohare Hilton 2 times last month. First time was in an upgraded room and it was VERY nice. Second time I was stuck in a room that hadn't been upgraded and it wasn't as nice. BUT both times the beds were fabulous, so soft and comfortable!!! Can't beat that! Its location next to the airport makes it a winner!	
Dec 15 2005	Convenient.	We had to adjust our reservation by 1 day and did so without hassle. When we finally arrived we were able to check in early, 10am, and go straight to our room. The clerk was kind enough to warn us of possible construction noise in the East Wing early during the weekday but we never heard anything and we were up early anyway to catch a flight.Our room seemed average. The 2 double beds seemed smaller than the usual size beds I see in other smaller hotels. My husbands feet hung over the end and hes only 5 foot 10 in.. No microwave or fridge but we had a mini-bar though it was incredibly over-priced. The bathroom sink stopper didnt work so we had to call maintenance. The bathroom door was peeling from the bottom and the shower leaked onto the floor in spite of adjusting the curtain several times. The crib we requested wasnt in the room yet so I made another request just in case they forgot but I figured since we checked in early they may not have had a chance to get a crib to the room yet. We had a small coffee pot. Check-out was easy enough. They took another form of payment without hassle. We never used the mini-bar so no extra charges or scams on that. I wanted to have breakfast, even a buffet would have been nice but the only restaurant I saw looked very expensive their idea of a buffet was in the hall !Overall though, the staff was friendly, my sink issue and crib was fixed right away, the hotel is convenient to the airport. I will stay there again mainly for the convenience.	
Sep 21 2005	position - 10 minutes from plane to room !	Hilton Hotel – Chicago O’Hare USASituated next to airport with easy access through terminal or a short walk across the road. All the modern faculties you expect for a Hilton. Plus good bar and restaurant where one can relax and have a beer or two before catching your next flight. Booked as a day room 9am to 6pm US$135PROS: Convenient position next to airport. Excellent bar and restaurants. Hairdresser, massages, tanning, mini bar, air-conditioning, tea and coffee facilities, high speed internet, guest service hotline.CONS: No swimming pool. Recommendation: Absolutely for travellers and business purposes.	
Aug 28 2005 	Hard to imagine a better airport sleeping factory	The key to a successful stay near a major urban airport is to keep your expectations low and your tolerance for mediocrity high. I stayed at the ORD Hilton for one night in late August, 2005 and thought the place was a reasonably good option in the charmless ORD area. I got the room on Priceline when I bid $50 per night for a four-star hotel near O'Hare. With taxes and fees the total came to $64 per night, which is very reasonable for a Hilton.As mentioned many times below, the hotel is an integral part of the central airport core. Because I carried all my luggage aboard the plane, I was able to walk directly from the arrival gate to the Hilton. I timed the walk: 9 minutes, 30 seconds. How can you beat that? Check-in was reasonably easy. Although there were automatic check-in machines, I ignored them. Two people who arrived in line after me tried them. Both experienced some malfunction and ended back in line. On check-in, I left an envelope at the desk. My plan was that a colleague arriving on a later flight would claim it. However, my desk clerk apparently had no idea where the envelope was supposed to go. When my colleague showed up to claim the envelope, another clerk was flummoxed by the request. She ended up calling my room (awakening me from a sound sleep) to ask whom I'd given the envelope to. Fortunately, I had remembered the first clerk's name and it all turned out well. My room was quite comfortable and very clean. I had a good sleep. Because I used the room solely for sleeping and for its bathroom, I can't comment on any other hotel amenities. One thing that impressed me was how quiet the room seemed. Despite the fact it was as close to an airport as any I have ever slept in, jet noises were virtually inaudible. I was truly astonished at this, but I think I figured out how they did it. In addition to the likely addition of soundproofing materials to the exterior walls and the use of sound-barrier windows, the hotel's heating/ventilation system introduces forced air to the room through a duct located to one side of the window. I have never seen an air duct just there before. I think the air delivery system is calibrated to make a dull, white-noise sound that is at or about the pitch of a jet engine. In effect, the background drone from the ventilation system seems to mask or mitigate the noises of an airport. However they did it, they succeeded. The hotel is quiet and comfortable. While it is no Shangri-la, its location can't be beat for an airport hotel. Combine that with a Priceline value, and you have a winner.	
Aug 12 2005 	how could you beat it?	Come on, people...this isn't just an airport hotel...it's a hotel ATTACHED TO the airport. It's all about location!Priceline put me here at $70. That, friends, was a great deal. Got a room with views of the planes (yet remarkably the room was quiet). The grand entrance to the hotel is interesting...lots of little frilly, overpriced stores, etc. But a nice traveler's store, as well. Room was nothing fancy, and rather small, but was modern, clean, and had all anyone could want for one night at the airport.My advice: if you get a good deal here, stop looking. This is your airport hotel. It puts you 10 minutes from your plane.	
Aug 11 2005	Decent hotel but not as good as Doubletree!	My husband and I got this hotel through priceline for our anniversary weekend. When I bid, I was really hoping for the Doubletree in the same area, but ended up at the Hilton O'Hare. Overall, this was a decent hotel. The only mention of Priceline was to say that it was already paid for through them, so that was ok. The check-in was a little crazy. They had about 5 people waiting to check in and only one person helping us, and she was going very slow! Then we were told we could use a kiosk to check in if we had a confirmation number -- we had one so we tried that. No luck. No one was able to get the kiosk to work for check in. So we all got back in line and waited. Eventually we were helped by the clerk at the &quot;United Airlines Employee Check-In&quot; area. He was very nice and we were on our way. We had asked for a non-smoking room, and we were given a non-smoking king bed on the 8th floor, which is supposedly a floor usually reserved for HHonors guests. The room was neat and clean, but very small. The bed, however, was very very comfortable! Very similar to the ones at Doubletree. The bathroom was beyond tiny, but very functional.Ok, so far my review seems to merit more than the 3 stars I am giving... the biggest problem in this hotel was the housekeeping! The first day they cleaned our room, we returned to a bathroom that was devoid of most of the supplies. The kleenex had run out and was not replaced, they did not replace about half of the towels, and there was no new soap or shampoo/conditioner, even though the originals had been used up! It was ridiculous. But, it was late, we were tired, so we let it go. The next day -- the same thing! This time we called the front desk, and after a short wait, they brought the stuff up. Another annoying thing is that you have to completely rely on the very expensive restaurants in the hotel for food. We tried to go to the airport one time -- which is actually connected -- but they had only fast food in most areas. Thankfully we mostly ate downtown while seeing the sites.The restaurant, Andiamo, has great Italian food for dinner though. But we were not at all impressed with breakfast.Overall, we would stay here again, but we would prefer the Doubletree in Rosemont!	
Jul 20 2005	Exceptional hotel! Highly recommended!	We stayed at the Hilton O'Hare for 2 nights and had a great stay! The rooms were immaculate and included flat screen tv's a mini-bar and a bed that was more comforable than the one I have at home! The staff was very helpful and friendly. You can walk down a couple of hallways and be at the airport and the &quot;L&quot; train station. Very convenient! We will definitely go back!	
Jun 22 2005	Left us holding our bags!	Not a good start to our stay when the Hilton shuttle bus left us standing outside the airport in the heat for 55 minutes! We had to call from the airport 2 times before someone finally came out to pick us up. We stood there watching the Sheraton shuttle bus go by THREE rotations during our wait. When the driver finally arrived he was friendly but also mentioned that it was pretty common for guests to be left for at least 20 minutes. Considering they are the only hotel on airport grounds this is inexcusable!When we finally arrived at the front desk I told the clerk about our long wait and she seemed so unconcerned and never even hinted at an apology.We asked this same clerk for directions to our AA departure flight the next morning and she said to just cross the street to the right of the hotel. Turns out this was in the airport parking garage! We found out later that we had to take another Hilton shuttle for quite a distance around the airport.The room was nice and the bedding comfortable, but the bathroom was well below what we expected from a Hilton. We figured after a long international flight it would be nice to take a dip in the hotel's pool. We figured wrong after finding out the charge was $6.00 EACH for a swim!!! We should have guessed after seeing the sign in our room saying &quot;welcome your first pot of coffee is on us, if you require additional coffee there will be a charge of $4.95 per pot&quot;.If you like being nickled and dimed to death along with poor service after spending a large amount on a room, this is the place for you!	
Jun 12 2005	Modern Clean Comfortable and Convenient --loved it!	Stayed here 3 nights (June 3-5, 2005). We had worried that we would find an older, run-down Hilton (like some other large Hiltons we have stayed at in large cities --e.g. New York).We were pleasantly surprised. Obviously, the hotel has been renovated recently. Our room was clean, bright, free from scuffs and scrapes, bathroom was glelaming. The 27&quot; flat screen tv was a nice touch! Beds were not quite as comfortable as Sheraton &quot;heavenly beds&quot; but were still pretty nice! The furnishings, decorations and lighting were modern and attractive. Convenience to the airport cannot be beat, of course. You can grab the El (subway) into Chicago from the terminal across the street.The room was well worth the $72 per night we paid (via one of those &quot;blind&quot; web sites). We could have ended up at the Westin Rosemont, which the booking site also classified as a 4 star. We're glad we did not, the Westin is in dire need of a major renovation and is nowhere as nice or as convenient as the Hilton O'Hare. See my review of the Westin Rosemont for details and pictures of that worn and tired hotel!Shop around for a deal and stay at the OHare Hilton if you want a really good airport hotel!	
May 22 2005 	Convenient with newly renovated rooms	If you need to stay at/near O'Hare, this is the most convenient option. The hotel is undergoing renovation at the moment. Be sure to ask for a renovated room when making a reservation. The renovated rooms have very comfortable beds with nice down pillows. The restaurant options in the hotel are not very good, but a short cabride away (1-2 miles) in Rosemont is an Italian restaurant called Carlucci -- worth going there if you want a nice dinner in the airport area. For an extra $15/night, the hotel will put a treadmill in your room -- nicer than going down to the gym if you are a late arrival/early riser.	
Mar 2 2005	Good airport accommodations	Very convenient if you want to stay by airport. Rooms standard Hilton, dependable quality and cleanliness. Also convenient to L train. Andiamo's very nice for dinner, breakfast, kids' menu. Did not try pool/health club as there was an extra fee involved.	
Feb 22 2005	convenient location but not very pleasant stay	We stayed at the hotel for one night since my husband and daughter were flying out of Ohare early in the morning. When making reservation called hotel directly and went through internet travel sites to get a rate. Lowest rate available was $165 a night. After reading a review of somebody that had gone through Hotwire I gave it a try and was able to get a rate of 69.99 a night. Arrived at hotel about 8:00PM with two children. Hotel staff was friendly but not overly helpful. As soon as we got off the elevator on our room's floor we were greeted with halls full of television sets all over the place. I guess they have been remodeling, but the first impression was not a positive one. Room itself was OK, but nothing fancy and pretty small. The room felt like a sauna as we came in and this did not improve at all even after setting thermostat to the lowest setting possible. I was not able to sleep at all with the heat, kept needing to take drinks of water and put wet towels on my head. Not an exageration at all. The girls woke up with their faces red from the heat. Very, very uncomfortable to say the least. The rest of the hotel is OK, we used the pool and fitness center, which is pretty good but you have to pay extra to use (About $14 per family). We ordered desserts at the restaurant and those were very good. We wasted a lot of time trying to check-out. The in-room service did not add up fitness center charges, etc.. There was only one attendant checking people out and we had to wait almost half an hour to finish our transaction. My husband and daughter walked over to the airport to check in and came back and I was still in line to check out.Other than having the most convenient location for early morning flights out of O'hare, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Dec 13 2004 	FINE BUT WATCH THE RATES	Following a flight cancellation and need to stay overnight, I approached the front desk for a rate for the night ( $209/n). I then received a rate from Hotwire, which I believed may be this hotel from the description of $77. plus tax. Guess what ? it was. I'm glad I got a second opinion.	
Oct 2 2004	Must pay for pool/spa privelages	Just a word of warning, you must pay for use of their pool ($13.95) per family. Considering we payed approximately $156 for one night, I expected we would have free use of the pool. Otherwise, the hotel was just &quot;okay&quot; for us.	
Sep 21 2004	Great deal makes this a great hotel in a great location!	In anticipation of needing to overnight in the vicinity of O'Hare Airport, I obtained the Hilton Chicago O'Hare Airport at a rate of $65.00 per night, plus taxes, by bidding for a 4* property on Hotwire. On arrival, no mention was made of our highly discounted rate and we were assigned a fantastic corner room on a high floor overlooking O'Hare's runways. We were mesmerized by the view and spent a couple of hours watching the airport action from the windows which surrounded two sides of our room.As for the room itself, it was perfectly functional, furnished in a sort of Hilton-modern motif, with a queen-sized bed, desk and chair, occasional chair and table and night tables. Lamps, lighting, television and phones all functioned perfectly. Bathroom was also very nice and contained great toiletries.This hotel is perfectly located for a layover at O'Hare. We arrived and departed from Terminal 3, just a short five- or six-minute walk (well signposted) via underground tunnels. We had dinner at the hotel's Italian restaurant, Andiamo, which we found to be quite good and well-priced. Two salads, entrees and three glasses of wine between the two of us for about $80.00, including tax and tip. Overall, we were thrilled with our experience at the Hilton Chicago O'Hare Airport. Believe me, we've experienced plenty of places not nearly up to this hotel's standards at three or four times the rate we paid here. Very highly recommended. We'll be back the next time we need to overnight at O'Hare.	
Aug 26 2004	Great hotel!!!		
Aug 1 2004	Another soulless Hilton		
Jul 5 2004	Mixed feelings...		
Jun 11 2004	Loved the Hilton at O'Hare		
May 10 2004 	Horrendous rip-off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!		
Apr 28 2004	What a Painful Experience		
Mar 28 2004	A great steaming mess.		
Mar 24 2004	Not worth the money		
Nov 8 2003	Wonderfully convenient		
Mar 4 2003	Rip-Off		
Sep 16 2009 	????????????????		
Sep 13 2009 	goed airport hotel		
Aug 11 2009 	Correcto pero sin sentirte en un Hilton		
Jul 24 2009 	Ideal für frühe Flüge von O'Hare		
Feb 25 2009 	???		
Feb 12 2009	???????		
Jan 8 2009 	?????????		
Oct 24 2008 	??????????????		
May 20 2007 	Hilton O`Hare als Übernachtung vorm Flug ausgezeichnet		
