	Perfection in service.	We recently travelled to the US from Australia for a family reunion and found the Affinia to be more than exceptional. The Concierge were amazing. Christopher was the most helpful, enthusiastic and professional concierge we have ever met. All the concierge knew our names by the end of the first day (2 adults, 4 children aged 4,5,6,9) and greeted us with genuine enthusiasm. For Australians travelling to Chicago, this hotel reminded us of home, no 'fake' American service, genuine care! Rooms were big and extremely clean. Just wish there was a coin laundry nearby! Great pizza restaurants next door and within 1 block from the hotel. For Australians wanting a proper cup of coffee...there is a french bakery nearby that has great morning meals! Well Done Christopher and the boys at Concierge....thank you for making a long trip so pleasant!	
	Great Boutique Hotel Perfect Location	We were pleasantly surprised by how nice this small hotel was. It is beautifully renovated with a very nice restaurant. We ate breakfast there and I thought for Chicago prices, not too bad. They don't have complimentary coffee in the lobby and you have to pay for it by the cup in the room. I didn't like that, every hotel I have stayed in, if they have a coffee maker in the room it is free. Other than that great location 1/2 block off of Michigan Ave about 3 blocks south of the Water Tower.	
Nov 24 2009 	Excellent stay great hotel	After reading reviews on TA about this hotel, I was worried about the noise and elevators. I had absolutely no problem with either. We were on the 3rd floor facing the street, and I slept very soundly by the window. We stayed on weekdays though, so maybe weekends are not as good? Beds were very comfortable, and having a choice of pillows was nice.The staff was very helpful and curteous, and the room was spotless. I was expecting a small room (we booked with Hotwire for $99), but the room was huge, and we just had a standard one. The location was fantastic, too. We got one of the 'experience kits' but didn't have time to use it really (it was a nice plus anyway). Didn't try the bar or the restaurant.Overall a great stay in a very nice hotel. Very satisfied :)	
Nov 22 2009 	convenient location nice place but beware of ambulance noise	Room was very nice, clean and comfortable. Great pillows and comfortable bed. Roomy space, and the view (from 24th floor) was not bad. Extremely conveninet to Michigan Ave shopping and holiday parade which was reason we went to city. Decor is interesting, some odd combinations of colors, but didn't bother us at all. In fact, my daughter loved the shiny orange bathroom.Service was great - very pleasant stafft,Word of caution - if you are a light sleeper - the ambulances coming and going at nigh to the ER next door, will keep you awake. I did not sleep at all, but, ,my daughter had no problem.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great Hotel	I read the reviews before booking a hotel for our trip to Chicago and decided on Affinia. I LOVED the hotel! Great location..just steps away from the center of Magnificant Mile. It was a little noisy at night - but I can't complain because it was our choice to be in the middle of downtown, so a little noise is to be expected. I had requested early check-in and a room with a view. We got there at about noon and the room wasn't ready yet, but they were happy to store our luggage while we went back out for lunch and to check out the city. The room was wonderful...amazing views of the city.The bed was very comfortable. Room was clean. Hotel service was great! Rooftop bar is very nice. A friend of ours stayed at a bigger, fancier, hotel near the river and it was nice but I was still very happy with my decision to stay at Affinia. I will stay here again on my next visit. Highly recommend!	
Nov 11 2009 	a great location	the staff was very accomodating in getting our two rooms close and on the same floor. we ended up very high with a wonderful view from both rooms. we had a suite and the other couple a regular. both were outstanding in cleanliness and very comfortable. loved the bedding and linens. some noise from hospital ambulances but we were apparently high enough to not be a concern. room coffee should be free, not extra. mini bar had a nice selection of drinks as well as snacks etc. did lots of walking along michigan avenue and beyond. had drinks and appetizers in bar. none of the four of us liked either appetizer and we did not experience dinner there.	
Oct 30 2009 	A really good hotel slightly disappointing service.	This is a good choice for most travellers. The room I had, a junior suite, was roomy and spotlessly clean. The in room amenities are good, tv, desk, etc. The location of the hotel puts you right on Michigan Avenue so in the heart of things. Being just off the main avenue must reduce noise but this is not a quiet hotel. Double-glazing might seem a sensible investment for the management team. My quibbles, sadly, are things that could easily be fixed. The hotel staff are a little brusque and their &quot;efficient&quot; service contrasts rather poorly with the friendly greeting you might get in, say, a seven-eleven. Also the costs of room service, internet etc, are a little over the top given that this is not by any means a cheap hotel to stay in in the first place. That said, rooms service dinner was perfectly fine and delivered by a pleasant and courteous member of staff. On checkout the door staff were very amenable and, again, a little more helpful than the desk-ladies. Baggage was carefully stored and a taxi was promptly arranged. With its rather pleasant styling and the fact it isn't a great monolith and the beautiful bar and restaurant this could be a real destination. It is, sadly, a little let down by greedy add-on pricing and the lack of that most basic essential, delivered the second you arrive - a smile.	
Oct 28 2009 	Fine but not amazing	Expectations are everything. As a reasonably priced hotel, Affinia Chicago is a good place to stay in a good location. But, as a very well regarded (on Tripadvisor, at least), premium property - with a luxury price tag - Affinia Chicago is underwhelming. Is it more like a Kimpton or more like a Four Seasons/Park Hyatt? Either way, it's not succeeding. If you want me to buy it as quirky, distinctive luxury, then I want the hotel staff to have personality and engage me. If the latter, then be excellent in all respects.- Hotel feels &quot;converted&quot; - much of the fit and finish elements throughout hotel aren't well integrated. - Elevators are extremely slow - seems like a small thing, but when you're on business and constantly rushing, it's aggravating and disappointing.- Touted programs - free toiletries upon demand, welcome kits upon demand - seemed like burdens to the staff. My one free toiletry took 45 min to show up (in the evening) and when I asked about welcome kit staff seemed like I needed to wake them up...and they never actually &quot;offered.&quot;- Clock was set wrong in room. Again, not worst thing on earth, but just one more thing to deal with.- They charge $1 for coffee bag in room. Really? Hilton doesn't. Tacky.- As noted, staff wasn't excellent. No personality, not engaging, not into service. (Interestingly, restaurant C-bar was great and staff was fantastic there.)	
Oct 26 2009 	Nice place to stay	We arrived early afternoon, tried to check in, but the room wasn't ready. No big deal, we were able to check our bags. I booked the room on Priceline, got a good deal, however i wasn't able to get the proper sleeping arrangements. I called the hotel, they informed me i would have to upgrade to a suite for another $100. I didn't do this until we checked in. If you want a roll-away cot you have to upgrade to a suite, and pay another $30 plus the upgrade charge. We didn't, we made do. The room was really nice, no complaints. Very modern decorations, nice flat screen tv centrally located in the room, it swiveled around so you can watch it from just about anywhere. The room was exceptionally clean. The view isn't bad from the room, you should definately head up the bar and check out the view from there. Drink prices at the bar where comparable to any place else in the city.  Many people complained about the hosiptal noise, i didn't notice it at all. However Supieror is under construction, so maybe the ambulances are using a different route. I will admit the elevators are a bit slow and small. I wouldn't even consider trying to drive here and park. Rates start at $22 for an hour or less, we took the train into the city so we didn't have to worry about it thankfully. All in all a good hotel, definately a good place to stay if you are in town to shop the Magnificent Mile, good location for most things. The closest &quot;EL&quot; stop is a few blocks away, but there are plenty of taxis that hover around.	
Oct 25 2009 	Great Stay In A Great City	I stayed here for two nights for business and had a terrific stay. The hotel offers an amazing location - - right out the door from the Magnificent Mile...which is right at your fingertips. Famous Gino's East is next door, Neiman's two doors away, Apple Store on the corner - oh, and the North Western University Hospital about a block away. That is the only drawback - the noise. I stayed on the 4th floor, facing the lovely hospital - and if you can suck up the noise-factor, it's fine. I think by the time I left, I was pretty used to it. Working in NYC, you would think it wouldn't bother me, but just keep the noise factor in mind if it's something that will bother you. It's pretty constant - 24/7. That said, the staff at the hotel is just so nice - - from the people at the front desk, the bellmen, restaurant staff -- they're all going out of their way for you. The room was very nice too! All very modern with great appointments. Large, modern bathroom with a great shower, (water pressure a little low - wonder if they are saving the planet), lots of mirrors everywhere and VERY clean. Internet was an additional charge per day. My king size bed was very comfy - helped me sleep and drown out the noise!So all in all, I would totally stay here again. I hear Priceline has some great deals too. I should only be so lucky! But - I'd pay full price to stay here again. It would be worth it!	
Oct 22 2009 	Good but Loud	The price is ok. The rooms are great. The bar and dining was good. The location is good and bad. It's right there where you can do a lot of things easily but it's also right by a hospital. We only stayed one night and weren't really in the hotel much and we still heard sirens about 10 times while in our room. Everything was good except for all the sirens! Oh and the huge spider that I killed on the window : / Overall I docked it a point on cleanliness just based on the spider and two points on location because the annoyance of the sirens. It's a nice place but I don't think I'd go back.	
Oct 15 2009 	Second Stay Great as First	My second stay at the Affinia and it was just a great as the first. I stayed over Columbus Day weekend and the rates were higher than my first stay due to the Chicago Marathon, but it was worth it. There was a gorgeous cheese and fruit tray in the lobby welcoming guests and the Chicago Marathon runners while we were waiting to check-in. I love the simple chic design of the hotel lobby--very euro. The elevators worked fine. I never had to wait more than 2 - 3 minutes and this was with the hotel being sold-out. Room 1207 was perfect--queen bed with pull-out sofa, an interior room not facing the main street so it was relatively quiet. Columbus Day weekend was unseasonably cold, so the outside rooftop bar was not as hopping as the first time I visited in September (which is probably the best time to visit Chicago), but we still enjoyed several drinks inside and the views at night were fantastic. The entire staff was pleasant and happy to assist. We received 2 for 1 admission to Underground Wonder Bar, a small jazz club on Walton St--just had to show our hotel key on arrival and our whole group (even friends not staying at the hotel) received 2 for 1 admission. Upon check-out there was a discrepancies with my bill, but they made the necessary changes with no fuss or attitude. I'm looking forward to a third stay this spring. Great service Hotel Affinia!	
Oct 14 2009 	Loved It	Spent a 3 day Columbus Day weekend at the Affinia, Chicago and was very pleased. Our studio suite room was very modern, and well appointed. The bathroom was very cool looking. Everything was very clean (even the grout in the shower) and the sheets were ultra soft. We were on the 22nd floor and were pleasantly surprised that the elevators were not a problem at all. Maybe we timed it right and got lucky. Concierge recommended a great breakfast place (West End Egg) and the staff was super nice, helpful and friendly. Location was great. If you are going to eat next door at Gino's East Pizza, tell the concierge and he/she will give you a VIP ticket so you don't have to wait in line (for very long) and you will get free garlic breadsticks (thank you again Concierge). There was some street noise but nothing you don't hear in any city. When I go back I am definitely staying here again.	
Oct 14 2009 	Good Value	I would probably give this hotel a 3.5 rating if possible. We got a very good deal so overall were pleased with the hotel. The location is fantastic for shopping and sight seeing. However, with the convenient location comes the noise. The sirens really are very loud in the middle of the night and this combined with jet lag makes sleeping difficult. The windows are single glazed which is unfortunate.The room was nice, spacious and clean. We had ordered special pillows etc but these never arrived, didn't bother to follow it up. Simple things missing from the room such as glasses for drinks from the mini bar. Used the fitness room a couple of times and were pleased with it. Machines are good, headphones and towels provided and everything seems quite new. We were on the 17th floor and didn't have any problems with the lifts. The hotel is a little odd though in that the furnishings are very modern but certain other elements such as the lifts and air conditioning are quite dated (obviously haven't been updated since the hotel changed hands).Had breakfast on two mornings, nice but quite expensive. Also ate dinner there one night and it was very nice. The C bar is lovely with great views. There is also a nice pub just across the road called The Elephant and Castle, food is good.Overall, I would stay again if the same rate was available.	
Oct 13 2009 	Good Service Great Location	We stayed at the Affinia for 5 nights at the beginning of Aug 2009.We were meeting 2 groups of family members from different towns and requested to have rooms next to each other, which they were able to accommodate.We checked in, went to dinner and when we came back we realized the air conditioner was not working. We called the front desk (around 11:30pm) and someone came up right away and moved us one room down, which was a complete upgrade from the room we had before, no questions asked and we didn't have to switch back for the rest of the trip!The hotel is located in central Chicago, right off the magnificent mile. In walking distance to every sight seeing spot you can think of (some walks longer than others).It is also immediately next door to Traditional Chicago Deep Dish Pizza --- go early, no reservations on weekends.For the things not in walking distance (wrigley field, various restaurants) The Train was about 3 blocks walking distance. The staff was nice and even gave us recommendations to local bars (that were not expensive)The skytop bar is cool, but way over priced.Also the main elevator that goes to the higher floors is very slow. Housekeeping was great.Before you go, you can go online and request the type of pillow you want (down, ipod speaker, buckwheat, memory foam, firm)They also allow you to borrow (complimentary) and IPOD walking tour of ChicagoWe used the fitness center a couple days, very small but adequate...a couple elipticals (with TV attached), bikes, weight machines, water cooler... about the size of one hotel room.There is Duane Reed around the corner for snacks and beverages as well.All in all great deal (we booked through a different hotel website, not directly through the hotel and got a great deal.	
Oct 10 2009 	Huge Disappointment! They Coined the Phrase	Word to the wise.....when in Chicago do not stay at the Affinia....a high end boutique hotel, with, we found out, low end service. The first suite we were given had an air vent for the building right outside our fourth floor window that emitted a constant, droning sound. This would have prohibited a good night's sleep. So we requested a room change. We were offered one on the 28th floor, with a queen. Although we originally had reserved a king suite we were open to a queen, if that was all that was available. But when we made the move to the room we found the queen was barely a double. A great view of the of the city, but a double? Seriously, what's right about that? The third try appeared to be a winner, 28th floor...floor to ceiling windows, leather appointed living room, really nice..... we could finally kick off the shoes and stick around. But get this, have you ever seen a sign next to the coffee maker that says &quot;Coffee $1.00/Tea $.50&quot; ? I can't make this up, I'm not that creative! I have never seen that before... Nestea tea bags and a no-name coffee, topped off with foam cups. Sets a real tone here, doesn't it? Follow that up with a concierge who's total eatery knowledge must consist of Taco Bell. Thank goodness for cell phones and Andy's Jazz Club understanding...We were repeatedly assured that we would not need a reservation, but definitely found that not to be the case. An hour and a half later our lack of a reservation limited us to a table in the bar, added a $10.00 cover charge per person, and put a time limit on our stay. But that was only the beginning......the most memorable moment came at about 1:00 am. Are you ready?&quot; My husband discovered a LEAK in the bathroom....directly ABOVE THE TOILET Yes, from an access panel in the ceiling. He was the lucky one to find it, or experience it, whatever the case may be. It's so much fun calling the desk at that time of night and having a maintenance guy in your room at 1:30 am. Did I mention the elevator wait averaged 5 minutes? So I guess making it up to the room by 1:25 am must have been a record. The employee mopped the water up around the toilet and sink with THE BATH MAT and HAND TOWELS, then left, assuring us he could fix the leak. Fifteen minutes later we received a phone call saying the leak had been fixed and they thought the leak had been from the restaurant ice machine on the floor above. Did I mention the wet bath mat and towels were left for us to clean up? For all this trouble, hassle, and down right creepiness and a total of $60.00 plus tax was taken off our bill. This was clearly a situation where our entire stay should have been comped. They could not have been counting on our return business and they were right. I	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Hotel Location Restaurant Room Rooftop Bar!	Loved the Newly Remodeled Chicago Affinia! Stayed there in a suite on upper floor- very comfortable large room. The location is the best-close to everything- one block from Michigan Ave. The rooftop bar has a wonderful view of the city, best raspberry margaritas! The staff was very helpful. C-House restaurant in the hotel was excellent and Ginos East is right next door and they deliver.The parking was ridiculously expensive, typical for a large city and the elevators in the hotel are too small and slow.	
Oct 8 2009 	A really nice clean and comfy hotel	I went to Chicago for a weekend to meet up with a IL friend for shipping. My friend was interested in going to the Magnificent Mile area so I chose the Affinia Hotel. The hotel is in a perfect location. The hotel staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The room was spacious and clean. I took the hop on hop off bus which takes you all over and there is a pick up spot only a few blocks away. There is so much to do in Chicago, you need more than a long weekend to enjoy it all. I look forward to going back.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice hotel but didn't wow me.	My husband and I celebrated his 40th birthday with a night's stay at the Affinia Chicago in a standard king room on the 18th floor. We got a decent rate for the room through AAA. It is rated as a 4-star, but I would only give it 3 - 3 1/2. The room felt old to me, with trendy furnishings and wallpaper added to try and make it better. It was very clean, but there was peeling paint on the baseboard and the windows were old. The furnishings were very nice though, especially the large flat screen TV. We liked the three steps down from the entryway to the bed and desk area, it made it less generic. Overall the room was fairly small. The rooms are not soundproof either. You could hear people talking in the hallway and the doors slam closed. Luckily there aren't many rooms on each floor, so we didn't hear the noises too often. The bathrooms were fairly nice, but the bright orange wallpaper was a bit much. The Aveda toiletries were nice though.The best and worst part of our stay was the location. You can't beat being one block from Water Tower if you're there to shop, it was great. The worst part of the location was being across the street from the emergency room at Northwestern Memorial Hospital. I was awakened several times by ambulance sirens. I am used to night noise and sirens because we live on a busy street in the city, but these sirens were definitely louder than I'm used to.The service was decent, but nothing special. We did ask to have special pillows from their pillow menu brought to our room. They were waiting when we got back from shopping. My husband likes the Swedish contour pillows, and I got the magnetic therapy pillow. It really wasn't great, pretty flat and hard. The overnight parking fee was a bit high, $48 for 24 hours. You do have in and out privileges though, so we were able to drive to dinner rather than taking cabs. We waited about 10 minutes for the valet to bring our car each time.Overall we had a nice time, but would probably try someplace else next time.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location Hotel Staff was Extremely Helpful!	My wife and I booked our stay at the Affinia Chicago through Perfect Escapes. Not only did we get a great rate $169, but that got us upgraded to the Junior Suite(largest room) and included a full breakfast in the C-House restaurant and allowed us to check out of our room at 4pm. We did request to have a room on the upper floors, due to reviews that complained of street noise. We still heard the occasional siren from emergency vehicles though. Gino's East is directly next door and always had a line outside the building. We placed a carryout order and was there to pick it up fresh out of the oven in 45 minutes, walk it back to our room and we did enjoy the deep dish pie. We also went up and had cocktails at the C-View Lounge located on the 29th floor rooftop. Very classy and great views. The hotel staff was very helpful and acted on every request, they also have discount coupons and line passes to many local restaurants and clubs:) We had a great time on our first trip to Chicago and would not hesitate in booking our next stay with the Affinia Chicago.	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect location- close to everything!	My fiance and I went to Chicago to enjoy a weekend in the city. We chose the Affinia because of the modern look and the location- and neither disappointed. The decor was beautifully streamlined and the rooms were simple and clean. Located on Superior St, the hotel is east of the Magnificent Mile and provides the perfect base for getting to Navy Pier, all the shops, and other areas of Chicago due to its close proximity to the Red Line Chicago stop. We were able to get to Chinatown in a matter of minutes from the hotel. In addition to the great location and atmosphere, the rooftop bar was very cozy and had delicious (if not a bit overpriced) drinks!	
Oct 6 2009 	Elegantly appointed	The hotel was exceptional; it is my new favorite hotel in Chicago. Arrived on a snowy March day for an overnight stay, staff were full of good suggestions (there's deep dish pizza with in a few steps of the hotel). Room was right above the door - we heard zero street noise. Caught a cold and staff made me feel like I was the only guest in the hotel.	
Oct 5 2009 	Relaxing and quiet weekend	The hotel decor was dated and not very attractive, but the bed was comfortable and the room was clean. Staff was friendly and I would rate this hotel as average.	
Sep 28 2009 	Affinia review	This was my third trip to Chicago and my wife’s first. I took my wife on a surprise trip so she could experience Chicago. I picked this hotel from the ratings / feedback. We enjoyed our stay and would recommend this hotel. The staff was very pleasant and informative. They assisted us with tour information and even called and reserved seats for our boat tour. The hotel location is just off the Magnificent Mile near the Water Tower. The only reason we would not return to this hotel is so we could experience a different one. Comfort a plus, location a plus, staff double plus. The only negative was the construction going on next door. It really was not an issue; we were on the go most of the time.	
Sep 24 2009 	Nice hotel but..........	The Affinia is a nice hotel with comfortable rooms but a terrible lift (elevator) system. Two go to floors 1 - 7 and two go to floors 1 - 20something.I was on floor 10 and had to wait ages every time I called the lift from which of course only two were suitable for my journey.When I left I had to carry my heavy case down to floor 7 where I had a choice of 4 lifts after waiting a long time for a lift to arrive at my floor.I have stayed there before but the problem has got no better; I don't know what is the answer but I don't think I;ll stay there again.	
Sep 24 2009 	Elegant Convenient and Amenity-Filled!	This place was fabulous! Ideal location. The C-View Rooftop Lounge was decorated beautifully. Didn't eat there, but the menus sounded great at both C-View and C-House, and they served great unique drinks. The concierge was so helpful. &quot;Experience Kits&quot; are a great idea! The room was beautiful and well worth the money -- about the same as the Sheraton, which wasn't nearly as nice. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago.	
Sep 23 2009 	Absolutely beautiful hotel	We live in Michigan and have made many trips to Chicago with our son (he was 7 at the time of this trip) and the Affinia was the best hotel we've ever stayed in. We stayed in a queen suite with a fold out couch. The room was beautiful, and the whole hotel was immaculate. I can't comment on service, since we didn't order any, but the location was great. It was within walking distance of the pier and many other Chicago attractions. There was also an awesome pizza place right next door. It's more of a business-type hotel, so I wouldn't recommend it to people who want to have entertainment at the hotel for their kids.	
Sep 23 2009 	Excellent facilities and service	A great hotel in good location, close to shops, entertainment, bars and transport links.What really stands out though is quality of service - Joel on front door, Erin on reception and Christopher the Concierge deserve special mentions - nothing too much trouble and always looking to go the extra mile in making you feel welcome.We wouldn't look at another hotel in Chicago now and can't wait to get back there again.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great Stay	Pros-All my experience at Affinia was very good. We were very pleased with the hotel employees, the room, the service, and the location. The staff had great smiles and friendly and very helpful. The location is right next to Mag Miles and Nave Pier, and Bus stop and Train station also a couple min away. Great location!Cons - There are only 2 elevators avail to higher floor (above 8th) in 24 story building. It took average 2-3 min waiting period. (and, it is a small, fit only 7-8 people max) C-bar and C-House (restaurent) were great. Not much a city view because it is surrouned by buildings, but still We loved the atmosphere.Overall, It was great stey. ;)	
Sep 9 2009 	Great Small Hotel off Michigan	The Affinia is a smaller hotel about 4 blocks north of the river off Michigan. So, great location for walking to river, downtown, the Lake, Gold Coast, Lincoln Park, etc. Very central which was really nice. Rooms are larger than one would expect and well appointed. Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful. We especially loved stopping at the end of a long day on the rooftop bar for an afternoon drink. The bar did make the elevator situation (very slow and small) a little annoying at times. We were on the 14th floor and the elevators were the only issue in that you had to wait a bit usually and sometimes it would be full and you'd have to wait for the next one. Floors 1 -7 have a different elevator bank that seemed much less crowded. We upgraded to a Suite for $40 a night and found the extra space well worth it. A few notes of other items:HIGHLY recommend Bobby's Bike Tours. We did a Chicago Neighborhood tour through the Gold Coast, Old Town, Streeterville and Lincoln Park. Was very fun and informative way to see the city. Did not like David Burkes Steakhouse. The hotel recommended this because we could not get into Gibsons. It was very expensive and steaks were not that great at all. We were very disappointed especially since it was a $300 dinner.	
Sep 8 2009 	What a pleasant surprise	The Affinia was a pleasant surprise. It was priced well, the room was quite large and the layout was unique. The bathroom and desk were on an upper level. The beds, tv and recliner just three steps down on a lower level. It worked really well for 4 people in the room. Only minor issue was that the tub didn't drain well (but we didn't complain about it). The hotel is in the heart of Michigan Avenue, yet it was easy to get to Lincoln Park, the White Sox game and Bucktown via the subway. The only time we took a cab was to get our luggage to/from the subway and it was only a $10 cab ride compared to a $40+ cab ride to/from O'Hare . Highly recommend the Affinia and I will be back!	
Sep 5 2009 	Pleasant stay good location unique atmosphere	My husband and I went to Chicago for a long weekend and very much enjoyed our stay at the Affinia in Chicago. We were looking for a central location to attend a concert at the Staples Center and explore the city. Since we did not rent a car, the Affinia provided a central location near public transportation ,restaurants and shopping. The room had plenty of space, although the view was of the office building next door. The reception staff was friendly and helpful and we were able to leave our luggage with attendant on our last day of sightseeing. The hotel had a unique, charming appeal which was a nice change from the usual chain hotels. Price was excellent compared to hotels within blocks of the Affinia. We would definitely stay here again. While in town, we would highly recommend attending the Food Tour as well as this afforded us the option of an architectural tour with tasty food sampling along the way.	
Sep 4 2009 	Location room bed and staff were all great! Elevators 	My wife and I just returned from four nights at the Affifina. Overall, we were very happy with our hotel choice. The staff was VERY helpful! The concierge, Marisol, was FANTASTIC! She helped us with any and everything we requested. Our room was very spacious and the bed was super comfortable. The hotel, and room, was very clean. Being one block off Michigan Ave. and right next to the famous Gino's East (pizza) was perfect! Now, for the not so great. The elevators require a lot of patience. During off hours the elevators are ok, but during busy hours you can stand and wait for 10 minutes. At one point, after a ten minute wait on the 24th floor, I took the stairs down 24 flights. The Affinia is located next to a hospital and sirens could be heard at all times of the day and into the evening (from inside our room). The sirens seemed to subside late, late in the evening (unless I was just sleeping so deeply in that comfortable bed). Keep in mind, most people are only in their rooms for an hour or so in the morning.......and then later in the evening (and sleeping of course). Overall, I'd give the Affinia a thumbs up and would stay here again.	
Aug 27 2009 	Loved Chicago Affinia	We spent four days at the Chicago Affinia and really enjoyed our stay. It's a half block off Michigan Ave. and just another couple the other way to the lake so the location was great. We had a view of the Hancock building out our wall to wall window which was an unexpected treat. The bed was comfy, the minibar was big enough that we could put in some of our own stuff and it had two comfy chairs so neither of us had to sit on the bed to relax. Service was good, the room was very clean and the &quot;my concierge&quot; option they offer was great. All the services I requested through it were delivered to our room about 10 minutes after we checked in (at 11AM and they gave us a room). If you are not familiar with Chicago they offer a pre-loaded ipod with walking tours and a deck of large cards with different walking tours mapped out. Those were very handy for us. Gym was very nice too and well equipped. They do not have a business center but the Concierge let us use her computer to check our email and print our boarding passes too. All in all a great little hotel.	
Aug 23 2009	Great location but no amenities	I will start with the negative aspects. There is $10 charge per 24 hour use of internet, the in-room coffee is $1 per packet, there is no business center (however I was able to print boarding passes at the front desk), we had a really strange experience in the hotel restaurant, the service in the roof top bar is lousy- had to beg someone to wait on us. Our room was on the 4th floor at the back of the hotel which faced north. Both mornings we were there I was awakened at 5am by a really loud truck that banged dumpsters around until about 7. Believe me, this was very loud and very annoying!! There was no where to get coffee early in the morning (except to use the $1 packets in the room).Now for the positive aspects. The location of this hotel is great, the rooms are spacious and nicely decorated, the beds are very comfortable, the bathrooms are spacious, the front desk staff was friendly and helpful for the most part. I got a great rate on this hotel so I consider the experience good overall, and the only way I will stay here again will be if I get another great rate. I really don't like to stay in hotels that have no amenities! I would recommend this hotel to a friend if they were able to get a great rate, and I would warn them about all of the negatives.	
Aug 22 2009 	Perfect for a Romantic Getaway	I live in Chicago but for a romantic getaway decided to stay at the Affinia. It was perfect! Everything was so hip and trendy and just beautiful. The rooftop deck was emaculate! I will definetly stay at this hotel again!	
Aug 21 2009 	VERY nice room...hotel staff NOT "guest-oriented"	Chicago was our second stop on a cross-country trip &amp; our requirements for this stop included a hotel IN Chicago, which accepted a cat &amp; had ample parking for our truck trailing a car. We stayed 2 nights and wanted to be IN Chicago vice on some outskirt. This hotel met most of our requirements.Pros: Location right near the Miracle Mile, near shops, restaurants, not far from the CTA train. The room was SPECTACULAR. Roomy, sharply decorated, VERY snazzy, all sorts of little amenities as this is a trendy, upscale hotel. There was even a &quot;menu&quot; of pillows you could choose from, but this ended up being a NEGATIVE.The bed (king) was VERY nice, comfortable, plush, soft but not TOO soft, with a LONG knee pillow which was nice. The pillows provided weren't great, which leads to the FIRST con.The bathroom was very nice, with a separate counter with mirror for my wife to get ready. CONs:- After not liking the pillows our first night, I asked for a couple off their &quot;pillow menu.&quot; After waiting ~45 minutes, we finally had to get out and get on w/ our actual visit to Chicago, so we didn't get them. Later that day, I called and asked for the pillows AGAIN and after another wait....we got the WRONG pillows. I'd had enough at that point and gave up on it. - Service: On our arrival, the bellman was nowhere in sight. We're traveling cross-country, and in town for 2 nights, so we have a LOT of bags, including some valuables we're NOT leaving in our vehicles. The bellman finally came outside, saw us and then just went about his business. I had to go get his attention and ask him to bring us a baggage dolly...NOT a good welcome.The doormen did not once open the door for us. In their defense, there IS a revolving door we could use, but then why was there a guy standing by the door? One instance, coming back from dinner, I made eye contact w/ the doorman as we were CROSSING THE STREET, heading straight for the door. After I OPENED THE DOOR, he said, &quot;Oh, my bad.&quot; But it wasn't just this one doorman. We were there for 2 nights and NONE of the doormen opened the door...WTF? Why are there doormen at this hotel if they dont' OPEN THE DOOR?Finally, when we were leaving, trying to navigate a truck-and-trailer down a BUSY one-way city road, we only had 1 problem getting out: the DOORMAN was blocking our way! Unbelievable!Just a comment, neither pro nor con:Parking:Affinia had a parking garage across the street, but we did NOT get a warm-and-fuzzy about accommodating the truck-and-trailer combo., so I had to park the truck WAY across town and take a taxi back-and-forth to that lot.	
Aug 21 2009 	great hotel	stayed here in may - absolutely loved it. lovely hotel and v central - just off michagan ave. you could walk to nearly everywhere you would need to from this hotel - all shops and tourist attractions.got a great deal through expedia and stayed in a suite so half of the room was like a living room with a couch and other half was the bedroom. loads of space. lovely big bathroom and dressing room too. never had breakfast there as our deal did not include it but ate in bar one nite and food was lovely. rooftop bar v nice too - we were lucky the weather was nice when we were there.also staff v friendly and helpful. was overcharged on our room bill as drinks someone else had had been put against our room number but this was just human error and once pointed out this was corrected immediately.would def stay here again.	
Aug 17 2009 	Great with a couple caveats	My wife and I travel to Chicago annually for the Air and Water Show. Due to increasing service problems at the Gold Coast hotel we used to utilize, we decided to try the Affinia.Generally, we were pleased with the level of service and detail at this hotel. As previously mentioned in a number of reviews, the two available elevators are insufficient in terms of speed and capacity to efficiently transport guests when the hotel is at higher occupancy. Therefore, if you are on a higher floor, don't want to use the stairs, and want to go in and out several times a day, plan on adding 10-20 minutes round trip, each trip, of elevator waiting time to your excursions. Also, the hotel is adjacent to Northwestern Hospital and even though our room was on the opposite side, siren noise was not well insulated and it may disturb light sleepers. For supplies, there is a well-stocked Dominicks grocery store several blocks directly south on Grand Avenue. For Wi-Fi, there are options available other than paying the for the in-house service.However, these problems would not dissuade us from considering returning to the Affinia next time.	
Aug 4 2009 	It was a Pleasure from the Very beginning!	My son and I decided to take a Memory Lane trip to Chicago - I grew up in the city and he wanted to see my old neighborhood. From the moment we pulled up to the Front Door the Affinia proved itself over and over to be the best hotel I have ever stayed.Joel (the Front Doorman) opened my door with a big grin and wished me a Good Evening! From that point on he remembered our names and gave us great tips and pointers about the area.The room was fantastic - the bed was the most comfortable I have even experienced - and the special pillow was a great touch.Other highlights of the trip - witnessing the Perfect Sox Game, dinner in Chinatown, visiting Holy Family church, and just walking along my breathtaking home town.My son is a United States soldier and is heading to Ft. Benning for additional training - I thank the Affinia for giving us more Mom/Son memories for us to cherish.	
Aug 4 2009 	The Affinia--Great rooms but some other inconveniences	I was so excited to book my stay at the Affinia for a moms' weekend away. I read dozens of reviews before choosing this hotel, and I carefully made reservations through expedia for a room with 2 double beds. My first impression of the hotel was shot, when we walked in to check in. We were told by a front desk manager that no rooms with double beds were available. When I told her I reserved one through expedia, she said that expedia only reserves the number of beds, not the room type requested. She was going to assign us to a room with a king and a pullout--completely unacceptable with the hotel costs and not very fun for one mom's getaway. When I insisted that we get what I reserved and paid for and pulled out our itinerary with expedia showing a room with 2 double beds, she made several calls to housekeeping to check the status of rooms and finally found one for us. Once we got to our room, we were thrilled--beautiful, new, modern, comfortable, pretty, with a gorgeous view of the city. We loved the 4 soft pillows per bed, the sheets, and the reading lights on the headboard. The aveda toiletries were fun too. The down part--the 28 floor hotel only has 2 small elevators (6 people max) and everyone seemed frustrated by how long it would take to get up or down--even the hotel staff. The rooftop bar was fun, but expensive! My bailey's on ice was $14.50 before tip. ($10 for the bailey's, $3 for the rocks, and $1.50 for tax). Tip--don't pay for the continental breakfast. There's a great bakery just 2 blocks straigt out the hotel doors with wonderful food (anaheim scrambler, swiss oatmeal) at good prices.	
Aug 1 2009 	Nicest most prefessional staff I've ever encountered.	I stayed at the Affinnia the last week of July 2009. Hotel was in a great location, central to the lake as well as Michigan Avenue &amp; great restaurants. Hotel staff was amazing. Check in was quick and efficient. The doorman (Joel) was the most courteous, helpful doorman I've ever experienced. Hotel placed a strong emphasis on personal service. Room was clean with a great view. The roof top bar was a great place to unwind at the end of the day. I look forward to staying here in all my future Chicago visits.	
Jul 31 2009 	Great Hotel in Chicago	I was a little bit nervous about this hotel having read very mixed reviews on Tripadvisor but we got a great rate so I decided to go ahead and book anyway. This hotel was fantastic. It is less than a block away from the Magnificent Mile and within walking distance from pretty much every tourist attraction in the city. Slightly further away destinations are very well served by public transport which is readily available. We ate breakfast every morning in the Corner Bakery which is only a block away and has great food. The staff in the hotel were really friendly especially the bellmen in thier cool hats. Thanks Danny for all your help and good advice!!! The room was lovely, clean and quiet at night. Book this hotel if you are going to Chicago.	
Jul 31 2009 	A boutique-style hotel with some plusses and a few minuses	I stayed at Affinia Chicago in mid-June with a friend. We stayed at Affinia for three nights.Rooms: The rooms are good-sized, comparable to a 4/5 star chain hotel. In this respect, Affinia is better than your average boutique hotel. The room in includes a large tv and a good-sized writing desk. The bathroom is average sized, some might think it on the small side. It didn't bother me, but there isn't a large vanity for higher-maintenance travelers. Service: The front desk/concierge were always very friendly in greeting us when we walked through the lobby or asked for anything. The room included free Wi-Fi (ask at the front desk). We did get stuck in the elevator for about 15 minutes (apparently we aren't the first, reading other reviews). The staff were attentive and tried to deal with the situation as quickly as possible, but the elevators are small and obviously old. Being stuck in a small space with three other people was, at best, annoying.Location: The hotel is in what seemed to be a safe location. My friend (a young woman) and I felt safe walking around at night. It is within walking distance from two famous pizza places: Gino's East is next door and Giordano's is three short blocks away. Further away, there are some homeless hanging around the nearby Walgreen's, but nothing that made us feel unsafe. You will run into panhandlers, but that is true of pretty much any big U.S. city. The hotel is right by the Magnificent Mile (shopping), but far from the cultural sights. Of course, if you want to stay closer to the Art Institute/Millennium Park, you will pay more for it. One drawback is that the hotel is not really close to an El train stop on the Loop. So, if you want to get to the Art Institute or other neighborhoods via the Loop, it can be time consuming. It is close to the State St. Red line (which runs north/south), which you can take and then transfer to a line that runs the Loop. We found ourselves wasting a lot of time doing this, so it might be worth it to take a cab. Or, it is possible that we weren't savvy enough to figure out how to use the El efficiently. Restaurant/Bar: We didn't use the restaurant to order any food, nor did we go to the rooftop bar.Bottom Line: Given the relatively low price of this hotel, I think it is a good choice for couples, friends, or solo travelers. I wouldn't stay here for a special occasion (unless I were trying to save money), but it was perfect for a short trip to Chicago with a friend.	
Jul 20 2009 	Not Ready for Prime Time	We were a party of 4 (with 2 dogs) staying at the Affinia Chicago during a busy convention weekend--although we were not attending the expo. We had high expectations of this hotel based on the mostly positive TripAdvisor reviews and the services offered on the Affinia website.Check-In: We wanted to check in 1 hour early and called ahead to ask if the room would be ready. We were assured that it would and timed our day appropriately. Upon arriving, we learned (from a fairly rude front desk clerk) that we would need to pay $30 extra per adult per night for my brother and sister-in-law. This was shocking as we had confirmed 4 adults in our original reservation and requested amenities for 4 adults, but were never told that there would be an additional charge of $60/night. The front desk clerk added that our rate was already well below their nightly rate and this is their standard policy. I had booked my room directly on the Affinia website--not through a 3rd party--so I was surprised to hear that my rate was TOO low. I accepted the new charge but we weren't given a room. Instead, we were asked to wait until the room was ready--which we were warned would be up to an hour. After waiting for a while, we were told that it would be about 15 more minutes. We had some activities planned so we asked them to hold our luggage and call when the room would be ready. We never received a phone call--and the room wasn't ready until 3 hours later.Room: We booked a junior suite--which was supposedly two classes above a standard room. While the room was of decent size and contained two beds, it was not a suite by any standard. There was no separation between the two beds (it was one straight, long room). The furnishings were modern and the room was clean, but the overall layout was very awkward.Amenities: The Affinia website boasts all sorts of amenities that will be brought to your room upon arrival. Out of the 4 or 5 amenities that we requested (including a yoga kit and walking maps), I think we only received 2 &quot;special&quot; pillows. A note about the pillows: despite booking a junior suite for 4 adults, the hotel has a policy of allowing only 2 &quot;special&quot; pillows per room. Concierge: We are familiar with Chicago and already knew where we would be eating meals and spending our time. However, we did ask the concierge for directions to a location for a river cruise with the Chicago Architecture Foundation. The directions we received were entirely incorrect, and as a result, we missed our tour. Luckily, the CAF rebooked us on a later cruise. Very unprofessional for the Affinia Concierge to provide incorrect directions. Further, several times that we asked for our car it was over 30 minutes late, and on a couple of occasions, never called at all.Bell Service: The bell service was a source of a lot of humor, anxiety, and frustration for us. The first gentleman that greeted us was pleasant and tried to make conversation. He later greeted us again when he brought our luggage to the room--and asked the exact same questions. We learned that he was reading a script out of a notepad. The same gentleman also explained every single feature of the room to us, as if we had never stayed in a hotel--or used a telephone, closet, safe, minibar, bathtub, sink, etc. A quick note about the luggage: when we originally checked in we were told that we could retrieve our own luggage upon returning when the room was ready--but we found that it was fiercely guarded by the bell staff that firmly told us otherwise and essentially pushed us away. Overall, most of the staff came off as overbearing and creepy, although one fellow that spent most of his time outside did stand out as being genuinely pleasant.Conclusion: The location of this hotel and the modern rooms are very nice. However, there are several areas of service where the hotel is truly lacking. VIsitors that have stayed in true upscale hotels will surely notice this, but for the majority of people this place is fine. We will be back in downtown Chicago but we won't be back to the Affinia. If anyone reads all the way through this review we would recommend the Intercontinental, Fairmont, or any of the Kimpton Hotels instead for a reasonably priced luxury hotel.Final Note: I raised my concerns directly to Claudia Eggspuhler, the general manager. While she was kind about inviting me to sit and speak with her candidly, her response to my comments was essentially to agree with me and note that other visitors have voiced the same problems. She did not make me feel that my business was appreciated, nor did she genuinely seem interested in having us return. She offered a free breakfast if we come back, but I can afford breakfast. I just want better service. It appears that many of the issues that we observed with this hotel may stem from apathetic upper management, which is unfortunate for a property with so much potential.	
Jul 18 2009 	Superb Service	My husband and I booked a one week vacation at the Affinia on Superior Street after reading the positive reviews on this site. We were so happy that we did. From the time we exited our taxi to the time we entered to leave, we were treated like special guests. The room was modern, clean and its duplex design made it feel larger than it was. Even though there was no pool, and my husband is a pool junkie, he has declared that he would not go anywhere else on future visits to Chicago. The beach is within walking distance. Our first room was noisy because of garbage collectors. We complained and were immediately moved and upgraded with apologies. The location is two buildings removed from the Magnificient Mile, so it is accessible to everything without the need for a car. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who cares about personal service.	
Jul 15 2009 	Excellent location incredible city	My girlfriend and I go away every September for a girl's weekend and our destination this trip was Chicago. We did a lot of research as we always do, to find the best value for a hotel. The Affinia Chicago didn't disappoint! We had a very large, clean room with a plasma flat screen t.v., a sitting area and what could be an office for those who do a lot of business travel. We had cosy robes, a clean and very nicely decorated bathroom, and the bed was incredibly comfortable (we even had a &quot;pillow menu&quot;). If you're a shopper, there is no better location than the Affinia! Literally steps away from the Magnificent Mile. Highly recommend Giordano's for deep dish pizza! The check in and check out was painless, the staff very nice and friendly. This hotel gets two thumbs up from two besties in Canada!	
Jul 10 2009 	Great location friendly staff!	A few friends and I were at the Affinia for the 2009 Taste of Chicago, and our stay was absolutely wonderful! The hotel has a great location. It is a block away from Michigan Avenue, so the shops, movie theater, and restaurants are all nearby. The hotel provides a free trolley to and from Navy Pier on the weekends, but even Navy Pier is about a 10-minute walk from the hotel. The rooms are clean and the use of space is very functional. The C-View bar/lounge on the top floor makes for a nice place to hangout during the social hour, or in the evening for a nightcap. The staff is very helpful and accommodating. Overall, it is a great place!	
Jul 8 2009 	Fabulous location and friendly staff	The suite we had was perfect. Bed really comfy and you get to choose from 5 or 6 different pillows. Half block to Magnificent Mile. Parking was high but so is everything in the area. Victor, one of the bellman was a real hoot and made us feel very welcome. I will definitely go back.	
Jul 7 2009 	Loved everything about this hotel - except broken elevator	My husband and I spent 3 nights at the Affinia Chicago and absolutely loved this hotel. The rooms were very modern, it did feel like a suite. The bed area was set a few steps down from the refrigerator and bathroom - everything was very clean and comfortable. The concierge helped us with finding restaurants and sights and the bartender at the rooftop restaurant recommended an awesome blues club. The location is good, we are walkers, so we had no problem taking our time to walk around the city. The only problem in the area that we encountered was that we arrived late on a Friday night - around 11pm - and it took us quite a while to find a restaurant in the area that was open and still serving dinner (not just bar food). Many of the restaurants in the immediate area were shutting down, which was a surprise to us since we're used to restaurants being open quite late. We did manage to find a place, though, that was open 'till 4am, but the owner informed us that he believes he is one of two restaurants open that late in the area.Our only complaint within the hotel itself was that only half the elevators were working which meant that we had to wait quite a while to go up and down to our room on the 23rd floor. This also meant that when the elevators did come, they were uncomfortably packed and definitely often above the posted capacity, which made me a little nervous.We would definitely return to Affinia Chicago based on our experience, however it is more expensive then we usually pay - but we were able to find it &quot;on sale&quot; on some discount websites.	
Jul 7 2009 	Awesome Place! Make this your first choice!	Great location and the service was perfect! We had a junior suite which was huge- 2 king beds plus hug bath and sitting area... ask for this room! Christopher, the conceige, was so helpful and friendly;.. he called me by name everytime we came into the lobby. Such a special feeling in this place... they also have a lovely bar on the rooftop. It's small, and just beautiful. Danielle was a server the evening we were there and she made us feel right at home. I have nothing but great things to say about this place. Parking is expensive at 48 / day, but you could self park and walk down to hotel about 3 blocks away. for about half the price.. We opted to stay in hotel parking as it was easier.	
Jul 6 2009 	Affinia Hotel Chicago - Classy Spacious and OUTSTANDING Customer Service	Every summer for July 3rd, my boyfriend and I book a hotel in the city for the Holiday weekend and enjoy spending time with our closest friends. Each year we try a different hotel, and this year decided to give the Affinia a try, because of the awesome room layouts we saw posted online. Despite some negative reviews about long elavator waits, small rooms, and over bookings, we booked our stay regardless.WE WERE SO SATISFIED!!! Our room was on the third floor - room 305. When we opened the door for the first time, we were shocked to see the layout was nothing like what was pictured online (keep in mind this was a corner room). Instead this room was the length of a bowling alley!!! Huge and long! Everything was clean, fresh and well kept. Our bathroom was very trendy, and resembled a mini nightclub with a awesome mirror and colorful wall decor. Besides our satisfaction with the room, we wandered to the 29th floor where we found a rooftop bar and lounge. They had a DJ playing dance hits till 2am. Although the drinks were quite pricey, the fun and scenic views of Chicago made up for it.Most importantly, during our entire stay we were treated like KINGS AND QUEENS. Catered to whenever needed. They even have a pillow menu. Choose from like 10 types of pillows, memory foam was my favorite, but they also have magnetic pillows, down pillows, audio pillows with built in IPOD jacks, and MORE.Not only that but the Customer Service.......AMAZING. Christopher, our concierge who was there on both Friday and Saturday was so nice and extremely helpful. Right next door, we found Gino's East Pizzeria. For some reason, Gino's had a apprx. 100 person line wrapped around the building all day. With Christoper's help, we were able to cut the line and get seated within FIVE minutes! Service was exceptional and the food very good!Throughout our stay Christoper asked us if we needed anything, on one occasion even filling up our water bottles. It was raining when we left and I asked Christopher for a bag so that I wouldn't get wet when we walked to the parking garage. With no hesitation, Christoper went into the hotel and came out with a complimentary Affinia Hotel umbrella for me to have free of charge! We have stayed at a lot of hotels but have never have customer service like this!I reccomend this hotel to anyone, looking for a relaxing romantic stay or a fun getway.Thank you Christopher for a great stay at the Affinia Hotel Chicago!	
Jul 3 2009 	Loved the room - great Chicago location!	We stayed at two hotels in Chicago to get two different experiences during the week. The doorman and bellman were so very nice and personable. Always greeted by name. Our reservation was for a king room by default, and they were very nice about switching us to a double to accommodate our family. The 22nd floor room faced south and had an awesome view of the city. I loved the studio feel with the elevated walk-in with desk, well-stocked mini-bar and red foiled bathroom- very cool - great Aveda bath products . Take two steps down into the room with a great recliner. The beds were very comfortable. Small but well equipped workout room. My only complaint was a very slow elevator. Management was very understanding about a personal situation which required early checkout. Would definitely stay here again!	
Jul 3 2009 	Love the location Hate the parking	Pros: Excellent location near north Michigan Ave, Aveda products, comfy bed, friendly bellmanCons: tiny elevators, metallic orange wallpaper in the bathroom, $48 parking, $9.50/day internetTips: We parked for $25/day about three blocks away at a public parking lot located on the corner of State Street and Illinois St, diagonally across from the Courtyard Marriott. It was a warm &amp; balmy day in Chicago so we didn't mind the walk.Also, Walgreens 24hrs was around the corner--you can pick up snacks and water for a fraction of Affinia's prices.	
Jul 1 2009 	I Thought My Standard Room was a Suite!	We spent one night at this hotel on our way home after a train vacation. The service was exceptional. The room was amazing. I had a good rate and thought I must have been upgraded to a suite only to find out that it was a &quot;standard room!&quot; I never had a standard room with a living room, bedroom, separate office area, sitting room outside bathroom. The customer service was superb from check in to check out. I have never sampled this brand before, but will make it my first choice after this experience.	
Jun 28 2009 	Enjoy very much our stay	We stayed for 4 nights at this hotel--staff very polite and helpful! Concierge very helpful in arranging side trips and restaurant recommendations. We loved the hotel and our room that was immaculate and extremely comfortable. Best Location close to a lot of great restaurants and easy to get around town.. Overall, we would like to come back to this Hotel	
Jun 15 2009	Great location for pizza lovers	I was pleased to find out that the Affinia is located next door to Gino's East Pizzaria. I've been coming to Chicago for years and had never tried Gino's, so this was the perfect opportunity.The hotel is located just a block off Michigan Ave. The lobby is modern with a great painting of the Chicago skyline behind the front desk. We arrived in Chicago late morning and were fortunate to get into our room early. I always check TripAdvisor before booking a room and enjoy photos of the rooms and hotel. I was pleasantlly surprised when we entered our room (#704) to find it much larger than what appeared on TripAdvisor. The hotel told me the tower rooms aren't as big (the tower is also where the slow elevator is located per earlier TripAdvisor reviews). I booked a two-bedroom suite. The beds were very comfortable, complete with a throw and a bolster pillow. The bathroom was gorgeous, with a large walk-in shower and Aveda amenities.A tip before booking a room at the Affinia. Register for your free concierge and prior to your arrival, you can choose which type of pillow you'd like, along with your choice of experience kit (we chose the yoga kit -- free to use during your stay). The hotel has a beautiful rooftop bar, which gets very crowded on the weekends. We ate breakfast in the restaurant one morning and ordered room service the next. Both meals were very good and the room service presentation was quite nice. The evening concierge was very friendly and helpful as were the bell staff and cleaning staff, but I didn't feel the front desk staff were as friendly or helpful. Any requests, however, were met in a timely manner. Also, I requested a late check-out since our flight left early afternoon and they allowed up to 1 p.m. at no charge which I thought was generous.Back to Gino's - we ate lunch there on Friday and didn't have to wait more than 15 min. for a table, but the rest of the weekend, lines were down the block to get in. If you go, try the barbeque chicken thin crust - it's delicious.I would recommend the Affinia. I like to stay in a different hotel each time I visit Chicago, but it will be hard to pass this one up next time.	
Jun 14 2009 	Perfect vacation spot	We chose this hotel after the reviews we found here, and we got a great price through Orbitz. We stayed for five nights during the first week of June. It was the perfect location for our stay in Chicago. It was very close to lots of great shopping. We loved the friendly staff, especially the doorman who we chatted with everyday. We broke the chain on our window shade in our room on our first day, and the engineer was in our room within twenty minutes and fixed the problem very quickly. We learned that the rooftop bar is the highest open-air patio in the city! It also had great views! We read the reviews about the slow elevators before we went, so we were prepared for the waiting. We were on the tenth floor, so we ran down the stairs several times to the 7th floor where we could catch the quicker elevators that services the lower floors. We will return to the Affinia on our next trip to Chicago, and we would love to visit one of the New York locations.	
Jun 14 2009 	Perfect for any chciago visitor!	This hotel was perfect! The staff was so friendly and helpful and they could meet your every need. The concierge was incredible, too. There was absolutley nothing he didn't know about the city. He really contributed to our visit to chicago! The room was perfected in sanitation, design, and comfort. The beds are cozy and big, with a nice, soft matress, and the room has a very intresting contemporary design. And the room was SPOTLESS! The maid NEVER missed a spot! Never had service like that! While you're there, you are waling distance of the Magnificent mile, Water Tower Place, the Chicago Tribune Building, and the Chicago River. You're gonna have to use public transit to get to many of the other attractions though. Its about a 10 minute cab ride to any of them. Couple flaws - If you don't like elevators, request a low floor. The building was an office building, and the elevators aren't meant to work in a hotel. The elevators can get really crowded. They're small too. Another thing is that this hotel is across the street from a hospital. Sirens scream a lot around there. But overall, I LOVE THIS PLACE! Only hotel I would ever stay at in the windy city! WILL STAY HERE AGAIN!	
Jun 12 2009 	Bargain boutique hotel stay	Chicago has a lot of hotel choices with reasonable prices. We prefer boutique hotels and Chicago has a lot of them as well. We picked Affinia because of its location near the lakeshore where we wanted to go for morning runs and the price was unbeatable. About six weeks before our trip, the hotel website was offering a special rate. We booked and prepaid for a junior suite averaging $186 per night.The hotel is located just off the Magnificent Mile so was a great location for shopping. A short walk south on Michigan Avenue will take you across the Chicago River to Millennium and Grant Park where we also wanted to go. And with the proximity to the lakeshore pathway, the location for us was ideal.The hotel has a number of extra amenities including C Restaurant, a 29th floor roof top bar, in room spa services and a fitness center. We had a lunch and a breakfast at the restaurant and enjoyed a nice meal and pleasant service each time. The roof top bar on the 29th floor provided a good view all the way to Millennium Park and over the rooftops of nearby buildings on Michigan Avenue while sipping on a drink and soaking in a bit of sunshine. We did not try out the spa services or fitness center.The room itself was very comfortable. Lots of room with a spacious sitting area and a flat screen tv which could be swung around to face either the bed or the sitting areas. The bathroom, like most boutique hotels, was stylish but small. A vanity area helped ease bathroom congestion. The hotel offers a pillow menu of six different types of pillows. I tried the Swedish memory pillow which offered extra neck support and supposedly eased tension. Hard to tell since I was on vacation and tension was not a concern. The hotel also offers experience kits. I took the stay fit one with a yoga mat, work out DVDs, etc. but did not use it much since we were running each morning. They also offer a walking tour kit and a picnic kit.The room has a coffee maker and coffee free of charge. We did not sample from the mini bar nor use room service dining. We wanted ice and wine glasses had to request that each afternoon but delivery was very prompt. Housekeeping kept the room clean.We found all the staff to be very friendly and helpful and could not fault the service at all. When we arrived, they gave us city maps and directions. They printed out our board passing at the front desk the day before we were to leave. The doormen were always very welcoming.The one negative aspect was the noise from building construction next door. The single pane windows did not reduce the noise level by much, so it was noticeable each morning. If you want to sleep in late, which we did not, you may not want to stay at this hotel. Another minor annoyance was the elevator. One of the two elevators servicing floors 8 - 29 was being repaired leaving only one elevator and often some rather tedious waiting and then getting on a crowded elevator car. The other elevator is supposed to be repaired by the end of June 2009.	
Jun 11 2009 	Great hotel just off Michigan Ave!	We booked at the Affinia Hotel May 14-18, 2009 through the hotel’s website for $115-135 USD/night for a studio suite, after seeing it on travelticker. Our very spacious suite included a double bed, fully stocked mini-bar, large flat panel TV, wireless internet (extra fee of $10/24hrs), coffee supplies as well as a couch and chair – easily large enough for entertaining or relaxing. Location – the hotel is perfectly situated on a side street about one block west of Michigan Avenue and a multitude of restaurants and shopping. Hotel – the hotel itself is modern, classy and inviting and includes a rooftop lounge/bar area with great views of the city. There is a restaurant located within the hotel which has an excellent brunch menu and outdoor seating. The hotel also has many free services including toiletries, guide books with iPods containing walking tours, and pillow selection.Customer Service – the staff is very friendly and helpful – from the front desk to the doormen. Chicago: I would recommend 2 items to consider when visiting Chicago. 1) The city offers a free service which matches you with a guide who will give you a walking tour of a section of the city of your choice. The guides are very knowledgeable and you get to see places you probably wouldn’t. I highly recommend it: http://www.chicagogreeter.com 2) the second is to eat at Japanois on W Chicago Ave. Eat upstairs then head down to their river-side lounge area for drinks.A couple minor issues noted: the elevators are very slow to the upper floors and paying for wireless internet access is awful as this is included from most hotels.In sum, if you’re looking for great value, great location, friendly staff, and a modern hotel, book at Affinia Chicago.	
Jun 3 2009 	Used to like them customer service now horrible	I had stayed at the Affinia Chicago and other Affinia properties many times over the past several years. Recently, I had to cancel a reservation. Despite what appears to be a mixup between Amex Travel services and Affinia's policies, Affinia insisted on charging me for a missed stay.I spoke personally with the manager and explained that I was a loyal customer and that when I travel, I typically travel with large groups and that I make the hotel recommendations. I reminded her that I was rescheduling my trip to Chicago for 2 weeks later, and would be bringing 4-5 colleagues with me. She was smug and continued to insist on charging me.If this is the kind of service that a frequent customer receives, imagine the service you'll receive as a first-time customer!Go elsewhere. There are plenty of boutiques and chains in Chicago that truly value their customers.	
Jun 3 2009 	Not As Impressive As We Hoped--Luke Warm	I spent nearly a week at the Affinia while on business. I chose the hotel because of the reviews I read in this forum. I typically stay at the large hotel chains. We arrived at about 8pm and the bell/doorman working was absolutely wonderful. He was there throughout our stay, new our names, greeted us like family, and was the brightest spot of our stay. When checking in we found no soap, shampoo, or other ammenities. Light bulbs were missing-the lamps were in poor shape and hanging by a thread, etc. Just lots of very small but irritating problems. We never had a thorough job cleaning in our 6 days...the night housekeeping staff came up every night with things forgotten by the day cleaners. We were on the 7th floor but if you are above that good luck. On two occasions we tried to make it up to the roof-top bar and gave up after 15 minutes of waiting on an elevator. It is shameful how long some folks waited to get to and from their rooms. Many guests would take the one elevator to 7 and walk the rest of the way. We found the hotel front desk staff bored and marginally interested in any of our questions or issues. Sure we got done what we needed to but there was no real interest. I have no idea what expectations the other reviewers have of a hotel but this place is really luke warm, at best. The hotel restaurant is a farce. It is totally pretentious for no good reason. The food is way over-priced as are the drinks...$13 for a house specialty that really isn't special. All in all it is equal to the likes of an Embassy Suites without the free breakfast. For the price there are way better places in Chicago.	
Jun 1 2009 	My first Trip Advisor recommended quasi-miss. Nice but not impressive.	I am beginning to think boutique hotel means &quot;small rooms.&quot; I'll trade some trendiness for larger, more comortable rooms and some double or triple-paned windows. My wife was in town to take the bar exam, and noise at night was a concern. The desk said we were on the quiet side, yikes.The rooms were clean; the staff was a hit (doorman) and a miss (desk staff). We did enjoy the bar at the top, but did not eat at the restaurant. All in all, I'm just thinking Chicago has better to offer than this hotel. You won't be disappointed if you stay here, but if you're expecting the 4th-ranked hotel in Chicago (per TA) you will be a little disappointed.Location is great!	
Jun 1 2009 	Not a bad word to say about this hotel	Booked 5 nights at the Affinia Chicago from 22nd May following the good reviews on Trip Advisor and can honestly say that it lived up to it's reputation. We booked the hotel in November, and from the outset we received updates from the concierge via email to keep us informed of what our options were for pre-booking room amenities, such as the pillow menu and bath robes, and tours etc. Nearing the time of the booking, we received a further update to anticipate out arrival. We had a small query with the room charge, which we contacted the hotel about – we were amazed at how efficiently and quickly they sorted it out. When we arrived at the hotel, the fantastic service continued. The staff were just wonderful; attentive, helpful and professional. We had requested a quiet room, high up, with a view and with a double bed and had all of these requests met. The room was on the 26th floor with great views. It was large, well equipped, nicely decorated and maintained and had a very comfortable super king bed (the choice of pillow’s was a nice touch). The hotel restaurant had some of the best food we had ever tasted (breakfast and dinner). The location is right on the corner of the magnificent mile and is perfect for walking to anywhere within the main area of Chicago town. It's also right next door to a great pizza restaurant - Gino's East. We've visited many places across the globe, but the combination of a great hotel, really friendly people, delicious food and a wonderful city made this one of the best city breaks that we've ever had. We can highly recommend this hotel.	
May 30 2009 	Nice room for the price....	Found an outstanding rate for a studio suite on hotels.com. The room itself was nice, with modern furnishings but the bed and bathroom should have been larger. All studio suites have queen size beds, and the bathroom for such a large room was tiny. Cons: Windows need soundproofing, studio suites only have queen size beds, doors do not have a do not disturb/housekeeping placard to place outside the door, did not have or offer nightly turn down service.Pros: Location of hotel is fantastic, room was pretty and spacious, rooftop bar, rooms are clean and housekeeping staff is superb.	
May 29 2009 	It was nice but i didn't get what i thought i was supposed to get.	The hotel was really nice and clean. But I requested early check in and when we got there they wanted us to wait an hour after reg. check in! Needless to say i complained and they happened to find a room for us, but it was the whole point. I got a jr suite for my husband and I since we were going to have guests back at our room after dinner, and they picture they show you one line with the couch and all you don't get that! I got a long room with 2 beds and 2 chairs! That was really not what we wanted. We probably won't be returning unless hotwire has a great deal again but at least this time i won't spend the extra $$ on a bigger room, now i know better.	
May 29 2009 	Great service and location.	Great place to stay if you are visiting Chicago. It's just one block east of the Magnificent Mile and is in the heart of downtown. Overall service was great. Only thing to be aware of and this really doesn't fall on the hotel is that it is also right across the street from a hospital ,so a couple of nights the sirens woke us up in the middle of the night. So if you are a light sleeper might bring ear plugs if not enjoy your stay!	
May 28 2009 	Nice Stay	We stayed at the Affinia Hotel for our honeymoon. The room was very nice and we have a great view of the John Hancock building. Christoper, part of the hotel staff, was wonderful with giving us directions and helping us get a cab. The location was great also. Right around the corner from the Water Tower.The cons of the hotel was some of the staff. Since we were staying here for our honeymoon, I would of thought they would of done something a little special for us. They did not. Not even a bottle of champage. I was even told when I booked the room that something special would be done for us. So it was alittle disappointing. The restuarants close very early in the hotel. The bar at the top of the hotel is very nice, but small. Overall, I would stay here again. The room was cozy and room service was great. You can't beat the location.	
May 26 2009 	Wonderful Hotel Great Location	We stayed at the Affinia Hotel, Chicago for the Memorial Day weekend over 4 nights. The hotel itself is a very modern but comfortable place to stay. We stayed in a standard room facing towards the John Hancock building, you did have the option to upgrade to a better view and slightly larger room for an extra $30/night, but we chose not to, as we like to explore the cities we travel to, rather than view them from our hotel room!Affinia Hotel is located on Superior Street, and is only 100m from the Magnificent Mile (Michigan Avenue), which is brilliant. It is also right next door to Gino's Pizza, which is reputed to being one of the best Chicago Pizza Houses, we went there for a late dinner after checking into the hotel without having to wait and had a fantastic meal. The hotel is about 1/2 a mile from the lake and another 1/2 a mile or so to the Navy Pier, so it's ideally located. The only downside to its location is it's right in the middle of several hospitals, one of which has an emergency section, which means Ambulance sirens ring out consistently throughout the day and night, otherwise the rooms are pretty quiet. One of the best things about the Affinia Hotel, was the Pillow Menu - you can choose from 6 different types of pillows! which was fantastic for both of us, as we don't like the standard feather down pillows that eventually turn into a thin wad of fabric by the morning.The staff at the Affinia Hotel are friendly, polite and very courteous. The hotel has a good restaurant called C-House which although we did not dine at, the menu looked extensive and very appetizing. They also have an awesome 29th Floor Rooftop Bar (C-View) which serves a fantastic array of cocktails.Overall, we very much enjoyed our trip to Chicago, primarily due to the wonderful hotel we stayed at which allowed us to take relaxing breaks between our hectic exploring sessions and get a good nights sleep before starting all over again!	
May 22 2009 	If only all business travel could meet these standards	I travel a lot for business and quite frankly, my expectations were starting to reach new lows. I usually always choose W Hotels just for the consistency (of average hotels). The Affinia in Chicago has raised my expectations and W Hotels are going to suffer in comparison. This hotel is one of the cleanest I have stayed at in some time. Service was impeccable. Friendly front-desk staff and the extra towels I ordered arrived literally within minutes. The gym has new equipment with plenty of space. And such a fun vibe - without dark hallways and loud music. I have to thank the other reviewers - their reviews led me to the Affinia and I was so pleased. My new &quot;Chicago Hotel&quot;. It will even lead me to try the Manhattan hotels.	
May 22 2009 	Staff and hotel amazing	Three of us (women aged between 30 and 60) mother,daughter and sister have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Affinia Chicago. We had a fantastic time as the location is perfect for sightseeing trips,shopping and food. The room we were given was more than enough size wise and very clean. Our room faced the front of the hotel and we were not disturbed at night by sirens although they were around. We found the elevators fine as we were on the 7th floor. The evelators that went up to the C view roof bar on the 29th floor did take a little longer as one out of the two are stil being refurbished but definately worth a trip up for the VIEW. The hotel staff were always happy and always willing to help with any questions or problems, nothing was too much for them. The doorstaff were friendly and most took time to know your names and greet you every morning which was a little added bonus. Next door is Gino's East Pizza, would recommed eating there if only once!	
May 21 2009 	Perfect location	My husband and I stayed at this hotel from 30th April - 7th May in a Junior Suite. The location and the room were excellent. The staff in the hotel were very helpful an courteous. Our room was on the 24th floor overlooking the front of the hotel and right in the corner. The hotel was one block from Michigan Avenue and two blocks from a Corner Bakery where you could get breakfast and there was a pizza place right next door. There was some noise ( sirens ) at night but you soon got used to that. A small downside was the amount of time you had to wait for the lift ( there was only one working to the upper floors ). The longest wait was on our last day and my husband had a 15 minutes wait for the lift to arrive. Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel to my family and friends.	
May 14 2009 	One of the best!!	I have stayed at many hotels in Chicago, and this one is definitely tops. The service is impeccable, from the greeting at the front desk, to the doormen each time we came or left, couldn't ask for better. We got a fabulous rate on Expedia, and I chose to upgrade to a suite when we checked in. The suite was stunning. Flat screen, wall mounted plasma tv, dressing table outside of bathroom so my friend and I could easily get ready at the same time, very hip decor, Aveda toiletries, everything was wonderful. One block off Michigan makes the location perfect for a weekend of shopping, dining, going out. I would definitely stay here again without question.	
May 6 2009 	Great hotel amazing location!	I stayed at the Affinia Hotel in early May with a few friends and was very impressed. I picked the hotel because of it's location and good reviews on TripAdvisor, however, it still managed to exceed my expectations. We had rooms on the 28th floor and didn't experience any of the noise issues noted by some earlier reviewers. In fact, we never heard a peep from either outside or within the hotel. I found the room size to be very comfortable, not huge, but entirely normal for a hotel room (as opposed to a suite). The view from our room (2803) was quite impressive, looking out over the city, however, another friend stayed on the other side of the hall, facing I'm guessing the alley, and her room was a little darker since the view was blocked by nearby buildings. One of my friends was impressed by the Aveda products in the bathroom, the other with the pillow menu. I was just happy to find that the hotel was quiet and that the beds were comfortable. Might seem like low expectations, but I am always shocked at how many hotels have uncomfortable beds, since one would assume that providing a good nights sleep is really a hotel's primary purpose.One negative note, elevator service was very slow since only one was in working order. Otherwise, we were quite pleased and I would definitely stay at the Affinia again on future trips to Chicago.	
May 5 2009 	Can't review Affinia because they switched me to another hotel !!	I booked a weekend directly (not through any agency) with Affinia several weeks before arriving in Chicago for a weekend of birthday and anniversary celebration. I took advantage of Affinia's $149/night special and was required to pay with my credit card immediately in order to get this rate, and it was non-refundable as explained clearly by Affinia's reservation desk. A couple days before our arrival, an email comes in , saying that I've been switched to The James, a sister property of the Affinia.I wrote back, saying that I did not want or like this and that the amenities at the James were not as luxurious as the Affinia and that the James is rated around #12 on tripadvisor and the Affinia #4. There was a VERY quick response to my reply, but the answer was that I had no choice in the matter, and nothing was offered as compensation. I believed that I had no choice but to stay at the James, because, as I had mentioned, payment was due upon booking and was non-refundable.Being without choice , my wife and I did what anyone without a choice would do, we stayed at the James. ( I will leave a review for the James as well.) Upon checkout at the James, I was handed a bill for $149 for 2 nights plus taxes. There was a tremendous amount of confusion , as I told the James staff that I was already paid-up and they insisted that I still had a bill. I refused to pay until they checked with the Affinia. What happened was that Affinia had refunded my money to my card and they DID NOT tell me and they did not tell the James staff . I could have stayed elsewhere than the James (and I would have) but my transfer email from the Affinia nor their response to my complaint in any way shape or form indicted that my money had been refunded and I was no longer obliged to take the $149/night deal. I am left with a bait-and -switch feeling, booking at particular hotel and being switched late in the game to a lesser hotel.I also feel that it should have been explained to me that I was not obliged to stay at the second hotel, but this was not done because it is my believe that they did not want to lose the booking. Chicago is a great city , I will be there again for business and pleasure, but I'm very reluctant to deal with the Affinia again.	
May 4 2009 	Great staff location...definitely stay here!	The hotel is in a great location...close to all of the tourist locations, near shopping and restaurants and right off the magnificent mile. The staff is amazing...some of the most friendly people I have encountered at a hotel. The room itself is great....spacious and well maintained. In my opinion it is a huge room given that hotels in large cities tend to be on the small side. Yes, they are doing elevator maintenance, but the wait is maybe 10 minutes max, usually a lot less. I really don't have anything negative to say...we had a solid stay and I would recommend this hotel. The only minor issue is that the doors tend to make a lot of noise when they close, and I'm a light sleeper and heard my neighbors coming and going. Not a big deal...my husband slept fine. And I never heard any of the ambulances other reviewers mentioned.Some tips...check out the Publican and Cafe Ba Ba Reeba...awesome food!	
May 1 2009 	excellent friendly service! beautiful spacious room!!!	From the front door on, the service is impeccable - the concierge is excellent!! Super friendly staff, ready to accommodate every room need - the stay was amazing, super relaxing - the best place to have a girls trip!	
Apr 29 2009 	Can't review since they moved me to another hotel	I reserved a room here since I was going as part of a group meeting- I usually stay elsewhere in Chicago. I made the reservation via phone and was greeted with emails each week about any special requests I may have. Three nights before I was to arrive, I received an email telling me they were oversold and would relocate me to a different hotel. When I called, NO ONE could explain or help me. I spent an hour being told to call back the following day. I spoke with the Director of Operations the next day who apologized and offered to upgrade me to a suite (which I had reserved originally).I travel extensively for business and leisure and I have never had such poor communication with a &quot;luxury&quot; hotel. I would expect it from a hotel that charges 1/3 the price. Oh, by the way, I am staying at the Ritz Carlton for less than I was going to pay to stay here!	
Apr 27 2009 	A wonderful hotel wonderful staff absolutely recommend to anyone!	Excellent location, hotel feel is classic and crisp! I would highly recommend this hotel - you can't beat it. Found a wonderful rate online, which sweetened the deal. Linens were awesome and the rooms were spacious and tastefully arranged. We had two rooms that were connecting, which was just what we needed for our trip. The staff was so very nice and accommodating from the moment we arrived until we left for the airport home.	
Apr 23 2009 	Excellent - Very highly recommend	Excellent location, lovely hotel, staff very friendly and professional. Beautiful bar on the top floor.. Would really highly recommend this especially if you want to do some shopping, its less than 1 minute walk from Saks!	
Apr 23 2009 	Beautiful and Centrally located	Everyone was gracious and the rooms were lovely. Two things: If you want a quiet room ask for one that does not face the alley. The hotel is next to a restaurant that dumps out bottles into the wee hours. Then the garbage trucks rattle through at 5am.Finally, there is no business center. Without your own laptop you are sunk.	
Apr 22 2009 	Wonderful experience in the heart of Chicago	I had a large, roomy, clean 2 bed room with a large bathroom, big minibar snack assortment and was tucked away nicely in the corner so that there was no hall noise. Customer Service here was absolutely incredible, from the doorman to the front desk, to the gentleman who delivered my toothpaste to my room when I requested it. Sure, you get a little outside noise, but it is a big city, that is not unusual! I really enjoyed my stay here and strongly recommend it.	
Apr 21 2009 	Classy hotel in central location	We spent 3 nights at the Affinia over Easter, very good rate available through Expedia. For the money the accomodation was first-rate - we had a spacious, comfortable suite furnished to a high standard. The hotel staff were efficient and friendly.Our only criticism concerns the noise of the heating, a thermostatically-controlled fan that cuts in with quite a rush. It was unseasonably cold during our stay - below freezing overnight and not much above during the day - and the windows in the room were not a good fit and let in the cold air, so the heating had to work quite hard to maintain the room temperature. The Affinia's energy bills must be enormous. A candidate for double glazing?	
Apr 20 2009 	Probably the best hotel I've ever stayed in.	The hotel is top notch. Friendly and helpful doesn't even describe the staff from the minute we walked in to the minute we left. Our room was spectacular. Spacious room with a great view and less than a block off of Michigan Ave. You'll read other reviews that the elevators are limited due to maintenance and its true. However, if you have a little patience, it no big deal. My only complaint is the lack of free internet. $9.95 to check my e-mails and look up a few things is not worth it. But then again...I was there to spend time with my wife and see Chicago, not surf the net. We did not try the restaurant or lounge but breakfast from room service was good. I'm not sure what was in the hashbrowns, but they rocked. The in-room signature massages really capped off the trip. There is no doubt we will be back to the Affinia many more times. My highest compliment goes out to the entire staff, from the doorman to the front desk to the housekeepers. Everyone was very friendly and wanted to know what else they could do for us. Thank you Affinia.	
Apr 20 2009 	Much to recommend if you are on a high floor	We found much to recommend about this hotel; for first time visitors to Chicago the position was ideal , steps away from the Magnificent Mile and close to bus routes and the El.We had a studio room which was large but with a surprisingly tiny bathroom and closet. As others have mentioned one of the lifts is out of action which was a bit of a pain. We didn't realise this was scheduled. Staff were friendly and helpful. Our major complaint was noise. We were on the 9th floor and at the rear, outside was a large heating or a/c unit which was very noisy - it was like trying to sleep on an aeroplane; if you can book a room on a high floor or else take industrial strength earplugs with you. Breakfast was prohibitively expensive so we ate outside; one block away is an Elephant and Castle which had very sweet service and one block further along was a Corner Bakery which served very acceptable breakfasts at very reasonable prices.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great Place to Stay	My husband, my daughter, and I stayed here for a long weekend over spring break in March 2009. We got a great deal on travel zoo. The best part about the hotel was the service. Everyone was very friendly and made sure our stay was a good one. The rooms were very nice and comfortable. The location is good, right off Michigan Avenue, but it is about 2 miles or more to the museum campus. You can take a cab or a quick bus ride there though. I would definitely recommend this hotel and its staff.The only negative is that it cost $48 per day to park in their garage. Don't drive there or find alternative parking.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great hotel with unfortunate circumstances	This is a great hotel and I stayed here based on other customer's reviews on TripAdvisor. It has a great location, right in the middle of everything. Walking distance to attractions, bus line and the &quot;L.&quot; Great fitness center.However...All the elevators are being replaced one at a time (each taking 2 months) and the only elevator available for floors 8+ has a mind of its own. We stopped on floors with nobody there, we were stuck for a minute between two floors, was brought back down to the looby, and back to the 8th floor before we got off at the correct floor. The hotel was nice enough to upgrade us to a suite on a floor that was accesible through the freight elevator. We waited until friday night to go to the C-Lounge at the top floor (one of the reasons I picked the hotel), but because of the elevator, the bar was closed and we never got to see it. Our first room was great, very clean, but the drain in the shower got clogged twice. The engineer, Jeff, was very helpful and gave us lots of advice. The suite we were moved to was excellent, but the garbage trucks and other alarms outside went off all hours of the night and made it difficult to sleep. Also, for the price of the room, you should get free wi-fi, but you have to pay $9.95 a day for it. Aside from the elevator problems and noises outside, I would give it 5 stars. The hotel was very helpful and immediately took care of any problems. Unfortunetly there were so many problems in so few days.	
Apr 11 2009 	I would have given it a 4 rating except for...	The people were very friendly, rooms were comfortable, clean and of modern European style. The location is very good. I would have given it a 4 rating but for the following:1. Close to a busy hospital (ambulance sirens at odd hours of the night). 2. One of the elevators was not working when I checked in on a Sat until I left on a Tues. Had to use the freight elevator both times. 3. Had a smoke alarm battery beep at 2 a.m. (just as I was falling back to sleep after an ambulance siren woke me up). The front desk did not have replacement batteries but she did come up to remove the unit so I could get some sleep.I would recommend this place if you are not a light sleeper.	
Apr 9 2009 	Extraordinary customer service but that's really about it.	Several pros and cons about my stay at the Affinia.PROS:- Customer service is outstanding! Front desk staff, doormen, housekeeping, even random employees met in the elevators... all extremely friendly and helpful.- Comfortable bed with lots of pillow options, from buckwheat to 'sound' pillows with built-in iPod speakers! I tried the memory foam, which took some time to get used to, but it was fun to try.- Very clean and seemingly well maintained (with one exception... see cons). Cleaning crew came through at a good time in mid-morning and did a good job, and also seemed to abide by the towel-reuse program.- Good geographic location, one block from Michigan Ave, with a Corner Bakery, Gino's Pizza, and Elephant &amp; Castle within a very short distance.CONS:- Elevators are being worked on, and only ONE is in service at a time right now. Anticipated completion is May '09 I believe. However, the desk staff did mention that if ever we needed immediate service, all we had to do was ask and we would be taken to the freight elevator. The wait for the elevator was, at times, up to 5 minutes but I don't believe it exceeded that.- Price point was high next to comparable hotels nearby. (My trip was covered by my employer, otherwise I would not have been able to afford the rate.)- The corner rooms have a two-level design, with a small flight of 3 stairs dividing the upper from the lower. Neither level had a lot of space to store my suitcase; I wound up blocking the mini-bar, which also partially blocked the bathroom door. The extra-large ottoman/bench on the lower level may have been an alternative place, however I didn't want to wrestle my suitcase on the stairs.- THE NOISE. The windows are single-pane and not soundproof at all, and to the east of the hotel is a construction site, complete with jackhammers and trucks beeping during the day. In addition, there is a fire station within 2 blocks. CFD truck sirens seem abnormally loud at 3 a.m.! The walls were well-insulated though; only once was I disturbed by my neighbor and again the windows were to blame for that.- The lighting. There is one overhead light by the entrance, one in the closet which I couldn't find the switch for, a nice pair of lighted mirrors in the bath; but the lights in the main room were inadequate to me. There are two table lamps and one floor lamp, and also 'reading lights' on the headboard which were LED's. I didn't like the amount of light these provided, and besides the headboard lights they were kind of inconvenient to reach. One more overhead light would have been nice.- Lastly, there were no instructions for the wi-fi connection in the guest book. I had to guess which network to use and hope I was using the right one... I believe it is Wayport, which is $9.99 per 24-hour period.I did not eat in the restaurant however my colleague did, and told me it was VERY overpriced ($7 for a plain bowl of oatmeal?!); he also got room service one night and told me it was a mistake as well... not just overpriced but poor selection and not good food either.I mostly enjoyed my stay, however I cannot say I would recommend the Affinia to a friend mainly due to the price and the excessive outside noise.	
Apr 8 2009 	You will LOVE this hotel!!	This hotel is located in the Streeterville neighborhood in the heart of Chicago. The staff is great and the rooms are awesome. You can even pick what kind of pillow you would like!! You will love it!!	
Apr 3 2009 	Be very cautious with room location	Our room was on the 5th floor facing the rear of the building. Behind the hotel is a large wearhouse type building with activity all night long involving deliveries, garbage pick-up and worker conversations. Really impossible to sleep! Nice room, nicely updated, but not worth the sleepless nights. Would never stay there again under those circumstances...they would have to guarantee us a room in the front of the building on a much higher floor. In room internet thru the TV was useless, but they did credit my account immediately. TV froze on several occasions.	
Mar 31 2009 	Great price for a nice hotel	This hotel was really nice. The bed was super comfy and the decor was nice. There is a nice bar on the top of the hotel. The location is excellent. You can walk everywhere and it's right next to pizza. They allow pets for free. The doormen were very freindly and remembered our names and our dogs' names. The only downside is that parking is ridiculously expensive (around $40/day).	
Mar 31 2009 	Very Pleasant 	We spent a night here with our daughter and son-in-law and had originally planned to stay at a different hotel, but due to a communication mix-up, we reserved rooms here. We thought about switching, but after reading reviews and knowing the location, we decided to keep the reservations.It was a wise decision.From the moment we arrived and turned our car over to the valet, which is a big step in trust for me, to the next day when they brought it around to load, everything went very well.We had reserved the room under a vacation special, so I have no complaints about the price. I'm not sure how often the special will be duplicated, but no other hotel within range could touch it.The rooms were stylish and with enough space that we didn't trip over each other. the same was true with our daughter's room. Everything was clean and available, as it should be.We had drinks at the rooftop lounge and enjoyed the view of the city from above at night. It was a bit cold, but it was worth it. The lounge is a bit small and a portable heater of some type would have been nice, but I'll attribute both to zoning restrictions. Either way, it's worth checking out. Michigan Ave is just around the corner from the hotel and the restaurants, bistros and cafes are within walking distance. Shopping is equally dangerously close as well if that's your main mission. The staff was fantastic and very friendly. Daniel suggested a very good coffee shop that also had fantastic croissants and pannes chocolate as well. Everyone was on their best behavior and treated us very well.I intend to visit them again and look forward to it as well.	
Mar 30 2009 	Couldn't Ask for More	My 16 year old daughter and I just returned from a 3-night stay at the Affinia. It would be hard to say what we loved the most -- the spotless room with it's breathtaking views of Chicago...the super-comfy beds and amazingly quiet nights...the terrific location, steps away from the Magnificent Mile...the gracious staff that bent over backwards to be sure every detail of our stay was perfect...the rooftop bar, so beautiful at sunset...or the jaw-dropping special rate we lucked into on the Affinia website! All in all, one of the best hotel stays ever (and I travel a lot!). Special thanks to Marisol at the front desk who answered our endless questions with insight, humor, and professionalism. I'm already planning my next (extended!) visit.	
Mar 25 2009 	Great stay	This hotel has it all - great location, friendly and reliable staff, lovely big modern and very clean rooms, a top class gym, and a roof-top bar! It's right beside the magnificent mile and in a lovely area of Chicago - everything is close by. The John Hancock building is only around the corner - be sure to go to the bar on the top floor and enjoy the panoramic view of the city, don't bother with the viewing centre! I would highly recommend this hotel and we certainly will be staying here again. One piece of advice - we booked it on the hotels website but a friend of mine booked it on hotels.com - he got the junior suite for cheaper than we had paid for the ordinary room!	
Mar 24 2009 	Do not stay ANYWHERE else in Chicago!!!!	I stayed at the Affinia for 4 nights with 2 friends - we got a great deal on hotels.com [40% off for 4 night stay, the ONLY way we 22 year olds could afford it!]. It looked so nice online and was voted number 2 on tripadvisor [which I highly value] of all Chicago hotels so we knew we were onto a winner.Simply, it was FANTASTIC. Amazing, spacious room, the whole hotel was bright modern and new! Beds were so comfortable. Staff were always friendly and obliging. The maids cleaned the room immaculately every day. The LOCATION could not have been better. a couple of minutes walk to the BEST SHOPPING! right next door to one of the best deep dish pizzerias that people flock to from all over [Ginos - big queues outside most of the time, but its damn good, just be starving when you go!]. Walking distance to everything in the loop/magnificant mile pretty much. Never got to try the rooftop bar/restaurant ....i'll keep that for my next visit!	
Mar 24 2009 	Quasi-elegance with a good location.	Get on the doorman's good side (which is neither difficult nor expensive), and he'll take excellent care of you. A hotel without a lot of the &quot;Grand Hotel&quot; amenities (such as a gift shop or beauty parlor), they do try to smother you with personal service, and give you little touches like wonderful bathrobes for your stay, and luxury toiletries. The rooms are a little small, but that's typical in the big city. There are only two elevators in each bank, with each bank serving a different set of floors. Within easy walking distance of The Magnificent Mile and Water Tower Place, and longer walking distance of Navy Pier; a block from Michigan Avenue with all the buses and cabs you could want. All rooms are non-smoking, and warn of a $200 cleaning fee if you engage in the filthy habit (I didn't test them). When I was there, they were building an adjunct to the hospital next door, but there was only a vacant (and ugly) lot.	
Feb 24 2009 	Great Room Great People Great Location	We found a good deal (about $100/night) for the double bed guest room, which I believe is their cheapest room. The two beds were nice and comfortable, but there was not much room, which wasn't a problem since we weren't there except to sleep. The service was wonderful - we were treated respectfully and the staff was quick to offer recommendations about where to eat and shop. The first night we were too tired to leave the room, and ordered room service from the in-house restaurant and were quite impressed - the prices for lunch and dinner were actually fairly reasonable. Breakfast (which we did not order) seemed overpriced. We used the valet service which was pricey but stress-free. Our room had a well stocked mini bar with snacks and a nice view of downtown. Gino's East next door was awesome. I was prepared after reading other reviews for the lack of bath tub - but after being in high heels nearly all day, I would have appreciated a place to soak my feet! There was also a cold draft from the window, but we were able to adjust the heat enough to make the room quite comfortable. We stayed during the week, so I didn't expect it to be very noisy, but we did hear a lot of garbage trucks and sirens. Nothing from within the hotel itself though. Overall, we were very pleased with the room, the service, and the location.	
Feb 24 2009 	Fab Hotel	This is a fab hotel. Rooms were spacious, funky and so clean, beds were huge and pillows were cool. Staff were so friendly and helpful. Would definitly recommend staying here.	
Feb 19 2009 	Exactly what I had in mind...	We stayed at the Affinia the Friday night before Christmas. The hotel was exactly what I was looking for: great location, trendy/stylish yet comfortable room, helpful staff, and a great view. And the Affinia delivered. I would highly recommend this hotel, plus its a great value.	
Feb 17 2009 	Loved the Affinia!	Wow, the Affinia hotel was just a lot more than expected! We stayed in the standard king room which was a lot more spacious than i had thought! The staff was absolutelt wonderful (special thanks to concierge Christopher!!) and helpful with good recommendations and suggestions. The Affinia is in superb location just a minute's walk from all the greatest shopping places, movies, and bars. Even though it's a rather big hotel it seems like a very small one in the sense it has a very personal touch and it really cares for its clients! A wonderful hotel in a wonderful city, i cannot wait to go back!!	
Feb 16 2009	Met our needs beautifully	We tried out the Affinia for Valentine's Day and were very pleased. Our room for just 144/night was a suite. The rooms were modern, clean, stylish, full of light. The lobby staff was exceptionally pleasant and helpful, really nice. We had cocktails at C-View (small but beautiful) and dinner at C-House, and again, the staff was great...gracious without a trace of snobbery. The fish and chips were wonderful, gourmet quality, and did not shame the Carneros Estate champagne. The complimentary amuse bouche plates were the treat they should be. Nit-picks: Room lacked stirring sticks for coffee; real cream (mini-moo) would have been appreciated rather than dry creamer; enough coffee to make two cups each would have been nicer; and the elevators were slow, for which the management apologized beforehand. The location was perfect. The room quiet and comfy. All things considered, a great place to stay in Chicago, where you could easily pay $100 more for the very same (high) quality.	
Feb 9 2009 	Would stay again in a minute!	We just stayed at the Affinia for the weekend with 3 other couples. All I can say is the staff are phenomenal!!! 2 of the couples stayed in a studio suite, while 2 of the couples stayed in a standard king room. All of the rooms had plenty of space. The suites provided our group a nice area to gather in before going out. The standard rooms were plenty big for Chicago hotel rooms. Ironically the suites had smaller bathrooms and dressing areas than the standard rooms. Absolutely try the pillow menu. Lobby is smallish, but nice with marble desks and flooring, only 2 elevators if you are above 7th floor (29 floors total). The hotel is not good if you have kids, as there is no pool and only a smallish gym area.We did have 2 issues with the hotel. First, we were on our way to our rooms after check-in and the elevator broke down with us in it. The elevator was fixed immediately after we called to the front desk and the staff did nothing but continue to ask if everyone felt okay and was anyone uncomfortable. Upon fixing the elevator the staff offered to comp our drinks at their bar that evening. Second, One of our couples was in a room that had an unexplained &quot;rattle&quot;. The staff not only moved their room, but upgraded them to a suite without even asking. Despite these 2 hiccups in mechanical issues, they more than made up for it with customer service. I don't know what Steven's position in the hotel was, but after meeting him once at check-in, I was in the hotel with him and he remembered my name and where I was from. Asked if everything was okay and apologized for the elevator incident. Also the concierge's were awesome with recommendations and ideas. The bellmen were outstanding with taxi's and luggage.	
Feb 3 2009 	so nice to shop and find everything steps away!	my boyfriend and I arrived pretty early from our flight and check in wasn't unitl 3, but the staff was so accomadating and had a room for us to unpack and get comfortable right away. when we finally make it back down we asked how to get to a couple of spots that were in proximity and the concierge was very helpful and knowledgeble and gave us coupons too! The next day I had knocked down a wine glass in our room and immediately they sent someone from housekeeping to clean it up immediately. while they were there i decided to see if my boyfriend was feeling any better because he fell earlier that day because he missed the stairs in our room (the only bad part) and banged his toe so it was all black and swollen, the staff offered to bring him ice and even brought him a pain spray and anitbiotic. they were so nice!! our trip was mainly to experience this extremely cold and windy city and get away of course my bf needed it. and affinia was comforting and perfect	
Jan 28 2009	Mini-Vacation	I stayed at The Affinia for one night on a Saturday. I had an excellent experience at the hotel.The lobby was spacious and welcoming. The front desk staff were competent and helpful. We worked with the concierge who was diligent and knowlegable. Doormen and porters were very helpful as well.The room was large and comfy. The furniture was of low quality but did not take away from the ambience. The bed was comfortable and we enjoyed the custom ordered pillows. The hotel was quiet and we slept very well.We had a drink at the &quot;rooftop&quot; bar. The drink was quite expensive byt very delicious. The bar and restaurant were elegant. I did not try their food.The room was on special ($109)which made the stay even better!	
Jan 25 2009 	Affinia Great Stay!	This was a great hotel right in the heart of the Chicago Loop. Within walking distance to the downtown attractions. Parking is expensive ($50 p/nt) so we parked at a free remote location (recreation drive) since we weren't planning on driving once we checked in. The staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms are large and clean.	
Jan 25 2009	Loved the Affinia - Would return in a heartbeat!	Stayed in the Affinia hotel for 2 nights during the weekend after Christmas and I can't say how much I enjoyed my stay. The first impression of the hotel is one of chic and modern glamour. The front-desk staff were very friendly and our check-in went completely smoothly. We had requested a view room at a low level and they accepted our request with no problems. The front desk staff continued to be very friendly as we came and went from the hotel, saying &quot;have a great afternoon&quot;, &quot;do you need a umbrella?&quot; since it was raining, etc...They were always very prompt at retrieving our car from the hotel parking valet as well (which unfortunately ran up our total bill significantly). There was a garage right across the street, but because of the weather, it was more convenient to valet it.The rooms were immaculately clean and well-appointed. There was an abundance of lamps and Aveda products in the bathroom, which was huge! I want to transport this bathroom into my home, it was so luxurious.Very comfortable bed, with an interesting headboard and built in reading lamps, and even a pillow menu to choose from. I decided to give the buckwheat pillow a try, pretty comfy! Maid service was a little later than usual, but we were out for the most of the day, and returned to our room clean later that afternoon.The one reason I truly love this hotel is the location. If you are looking for a boutique hotel experience and are on a budget, this is the place. It is right absolutely in the heart of all of the Mag Mile shopping. I would say that this hotel is THE hotel for a girlfriend getaway if all you want to do is shop-till-you-drop :)Ginos East is right next door, which my boyfriend could not have been more excited about. We also stopped by the breakfast cafe Pierot Gourmet, just down the street on Surperior and had a lovely, huge breakfast (a bit on the expensive side though since it is attached to a luxury hotel) Did not eat at the hotel at all, the steak restaurant looked pretty empty, but this could be becuase Chicago is fairly empty in the winter because of the weather. And that goes to show to travel during the off-season.This place is an absolute 10! I would absolutely stay here again the next time I am in Chicago.	
Jan 23 2009 	Great florida to winter getaway	Wanted a romantic getaway with someone I only been talking to never met. And I thought the Affinia would be great from the other reviews on tripadvisor and it was. Good location, for shopping which i was dragged all over to. Good eats, and though the slush n snow bitter cold. It was enjoyable. You can walk to lakeshore drive enjoy the view of the lake. I did this twice in the mornings, even though the Affinia has a great fitness center. We opted for public transit and even though cold it was easy buses at least one block in all directions can take you directly to ALL the museums. And also shopping on michigan av as well as state street which not only more shopping but theatre district. I missed patti labelle by not finding out who was going to be at the Chicago. All this is one bus ride away.The train was station was a little further the red line. Accessible by one bus again but you have to walk to Chicago ave which is around the block across from the walgreens. Which be careful has a lot of panhandlers. The housekeeping staff was great, doormen and front desk as expected. HERE is a PARKING tip there lot is as others said $48.00 and you certainly can find better price within a one block radius there are many garages. But, here is what i did I parked further up the street toward the lake but on superior which the hotel is on just past N. Fairbanks (2 blocks from affinia). Its off street meter parking if its weekend it's free. if its weekday you can't park free till 6pm and have to move the car by 9am when the off street is no longer free. it's safer because the hospital area has there own police that patrol the area's in cars. But as this is chicago still don't leave anything visible inside the car take what you can hide the rest. There are a couple of garages that offer early bird parking in by 9am out by 7pm and it cost $16.00. This was the garage one block over from the affinia just walk out the affinia door south on N st clair one block turn right on E. Huron the garage is 150 E. huron. barely block n half. its valet parking. It worked out great because we usually were moving before 9am anyway and were back close enough in the area to take the car out before 7pm. and back out on city transit its fast. Hope this helps if your budget minded. I truly enjoyed my stay at the affinia the noise from the hospital was not that loud or bad I'm from New Orleans use to noise. Had a good view 10th floor. And it was a hit with my lady, and yes we hit it off really well. We think of this as our little spot to visit and will return, next time try the horse carriage rides.One thing they need a real working business center.	
Jan 20 2009	Affinia hits a home run	We stayed here over a holiday weekend for some sightseeing and shopping. I usually avoid trendy boutique properties as their service (either for personal or business travel) fails to match the surroundings. Well, the Affinia is real surprise-a beautiful property, perfectly located, with superior service. Our junior suite was enormous, well-stocked, with an excellent bathroom and flat screen TV. The hotel has a nice fitness center, a fine restaurant (that served us in 35 minutes so we could attend a last minute performance), and a small rooftop bar and terrace. The service could not have been better, and from everyone--front desk, concierge, housekeeping, maintenance. I now have a new favorite in Chicago, and look forward to checking out the Affinia properties in other cities.	
Jan 12 2009 	Perfect Weekend	My wife and I just enjoyed a 3-day weekend in Chicago at the Affinia. We took the South Shore train to Millennium Park Station, then paid about 5 bucks for a cab to the hotel. The weather for the first 2 days was very cold, snowy, and SLUSHY so Affinia's location was perfect for us. More than enough things to do within a 5 block radius. We didn't get in until around 11 at night for the first night, and the desk staff recommended Timothy O'Tooles for a good place to have some drinks and good late-night food. It was just what we needed. The staff was always very nice and helpful. The doormen were first-class and very friendly. They would even do jumping jacks in the middle of the street to hail you a cab! Much better than those annoying whistles if you ask me. (I image it kept them warmer too). Our room was very nice, but the view was nothing to write home about. It was a view of a few office buildings and down below was a few garbage bins. On the flip side, we did only pay $109 a night on the weekend. So we were quite happy with the room anyhow. The roof-top bar, the c-view, was very cool. Amazing views but very expensive drinks. I believe my wifes cocktail was 13 dollars. Also, we could not go out on the deck because there was over a foot of snow there. But it was very cozy, sheik, and fun for a quick drink before dinner at the c-house which connects to the lobby. We loved the c-house. Very talented chef who has designed some very sophisticated dishes. I loved the beet salad and fish tacos. My wife liked the tuna with pinenuts. The Watertower Place is about a 10 minute walk and there are great shops all along the way. You could easily spend a whole day there, and the food court is the best one I have ever seen at a mall hands down.We will definitely go back to Affinia on our next trip to Chicago. Very friendly and accommodating staff, nice decor all around, and perfect location.	
Jan 12 2009 	Great place for a great price.	My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights over NYE. We got a good price and I could not have been more pleased with this property. From the check in desk to the door man everyone was great. Our room was huge and very clean. The bed was extremely comfortable. The flat screen TV was great too. I will stay here again and I would recommend it to anyone. I hope it doesn't become so popular the price goes up.	
Jan 3 2009 	A+ for Affinia	We stayed here on NYE &amp; enjoyed every minute. Clean, modern room - very spacious. Aveda bath products. Friendly, very accommodating staff. Comfortable beds. Love the fact that you can make special requests for pillows, rooms, views, etc. - all of ours were honored. (Go to the hotel website to customize your stay.) We had a great view &amp; even a partial view of the NYE fireworks over the lake! Valet parking is $48/day, but you can park yourself in the garage across the street for $38/day. Hotel is next to a hospital, so if you're a light sleeper bring ear plugs! Only one fully operating elevator, but staff was extremely helpful in finding alternate elevators to get you up or down. Our only complaint was the clock radio which had background noise when trying to play an iPod - we asked for a different radio &amp; the second one they brought had same problem. Otherwise, nothing to complain about - we'd go back in a heartbeat! (Oh yeah, great location one block off Michigan Ave. Also a Gino's Pizza right next door.)	
Jan 3 2009 	Love this place!!	Myself &amp; my partner arrived on Dec 27 and right from the start the staff in the Affinia couldn't be more helpful. As soon as we arrived we felt at home. Location is excellent, just off Magnificent Mile, ideal for everyone - shopping, sightseeing, restaurants - walking distance to everything. Can't recommend the Affinia enough. Definitley worth a visit.	
Jan 3 2009 	Best Center for a Chicago Stay	We had an exceptional stay. Great rate through hotel website. The Location is in on Superior St, 1 block from the Water Tower - Central Mag. Mile! Apple fans note the store is around the corner. We have never had better service and we were amazed at the thoughtful well designed rooms and hotel facilities including C-View and the C-House. It was are best rated eating experience, the pastry chef should apply for TOP CHEF!!! We so enjoyed the meal we had our 1st night that we purchased the exception deserts as gifts twice more during our stay to share our &quot;find&quot; with our friends and family. My brother with return with a few of the friends from the APPLE store as will my sister-in-law with her friends from Northwestern. I personally loved the workout package, it's a great touch! The service rep was so thoughtful in instructing me with the directions for the DVD player. Your desk staff was wonderful and helped answer every question and made sure we were stocked with ice. My 85 year old Mother enjoyed the modern design and was amazing by the service we received during our stay, I am in my 50s. This is a hotel for every age group. I hope to enjoy a stay in one of your New York hotels when I return to Connecticut. Thank you all for a wonderful stay! Cheers!	
Dec 30 2008 	We'll Definitely Be Back!!	My daughter and I stayed here on a modeling job business trip with another mom and daughter. The girls were modeling for American Girl Doll at their store location only a few blocks away. This place was excellent in every way! The location is perfect for walking to all the nearby shops on Mag Mile. The staff is absolutely friendly and attentive. The room was nice, very clean, and modern. The view out the window was amazing. There's a great pizzeria restaurant called Gino's East right next to our hotel too! The beds were absolutely lush! The pillows were plush, the bedsheets were crisp and clean (no old musty bedspreads!!) and nicely tucked in, we slept like babies!! We even got to take a peek at the rooftop lounge. It was closed but the staff were so gracious as to open it up for us, so we can take a few pictures of the amazing view.Thanks to everyone there for making this such a memorable stay for us. We will definitely be back and this time with more of our American Girl group of friends!	
Dec 30 2008 	Great stay in the city	We recently stayed with our family at the Affinia Chicago over the Christmas holiday break. We got an EXCELLENT rate through the hotel, which was good news, We arrived well after check-in time and one of our rooms (we needed 2 rooms to accomodate the family) wasn't ready yet but the reservation clerk quickly looked into it and proceeded to upgrade that one room to a suite at the same price so we could immediately get into the rooms. They were very efficient and very friendly!The location of the hotel is fabulous-right in the mix of The Magnificent Mile and Gold Coast and tons of restaurants and shopping. The rooms were nice-looked recently refurbished and were very clean and well appointed. While we didn't need the service, they do offer a pillow menu so you can choose your type of pillow from 6 or 7 types and they offer to bring walking tours and other ammenities to your room if you request.I definitely recommend this hotel-it is a great value for the rates and fabulous location...and the service was great!	
Dec 27 2008	wonderful	Everything about this hotel was great--the comfort level, the unique and modern furnishings and decor, the lush bedding, the overall cleanliness, the friendly, interested, and helpful staff, the location.....It was a memorable experience!	
Dec 23 2008 	Excellent Hotel!	I can't say much more about this hotel, that hasn't already been said. My wife and I were both looking forward to styaing in the Affinia after reading so many good reviews on this site, and we were not dissapointed.The location is first class, the staff are very, very friendly and helpful.Will we stay here again when we visit Chicago in the future - without a doubt!	
Dec 22 2008 	the best hotel of my life	this is one of the best boutique hotels that Chicago has to offer. In the very best location on the Magnificent mile, shoppers paradise, and a few blocks up from the lake and the river walk, it is greatly placed for all travellers. the rooms are very nice and modern, though do not stay on the very top floors the heating units are old and do not work as I found out, but they moved me to suite for my inconvenience and paid for my room service. The friendly staff was unparallel to any staff I had delt with at any hotel before it. The Affina chicago is the best hotel I have ever stayed it.	
Dec 15 2008 	Very Nice Experience	Affinia is a great hotel. The staff are very eager to please, the location is extraordinarily convenient, and the rooms are kept clean. We had no problems with any of the typical shortcomings, such as small bathrooms, noise, malfunctioning electronics, slow elevators, etc. Our stay was superb.	
Dec 9 2008 	Affinia is A-OK	What a terrific hotel experience. From the moment we checked in till the moment we checked out, the Affinia staff was gracious and courteous.	
Dec 7 2008 	great visit	..had a very pleasant 3 night stay at the Affinia. The room was quite nice, well appointed and comfortable. The staff was exceptionally nice and extremely helpful. They seemed content just to chit chat with us in the lobby--they were knowledgeable about the area and were genuinely interested in making our whole experience special.	
Dec 7 2008 	Loved the Affinia	Booked the Affinia after reading reviews on this website and it exceeded my expectations. Great location, just off Michigan Avenue. Fab view of the avenue opposite the hotel from our room. Room was quiet, we were on the 6th floor and didn't find any traffic noise.We had a fabulous room with 2 king beds, which were the most comfortable ever. Room was really big with loads of space, as was bathroom. Aveda products in the bathroom were a nice added extra. Staff were very friendly and helpful, especially Christopher and Daniel. Christopher arranged a day trip to an outlet mall and also tickets for dirty dancing, where we had great seats. Overall loved the Affinia and would love to return.	
Dec 1 2008 	Great Hotel...	Got a great deal for a weeks stay in the Affinia in Chicago on expedia in October and it was a bargain for the hotel and service we got. Superb location just off Magnificent Mile and a couple of blocks away from Water Tower Place. The staff were professional, friendly and always eager to help. We had booked a junior suite and were very impressed - large desk and office chair, spacious living area with comfortable couch and recliner chair, large flat screen TV that could rotate to be watched either in the living area or from the comfort of the large bed. The bathroom wasn't huge but there was an extra make up area with small illuminated mirror just beside it. Shower was excellent pressure etc.Room was spotless and cleaned perfectly every day. Mini bar and fridge was well stocked and had snacks etc if you wanted to add them to your bill. Paper dropped off at your door every morning. Lifts were clean and prompt.We didn't make much use of all the hotel facilities as we wanted to get out and about to enjoy the city but the bar looked cosy and inviting. The staff were most helpful with the doormen in particular always ready to hail a cab,supply an umbrella and have a friendly word.A great hotel in a perfect location (especially for shopping) with a friendly and professional staff.	
Nov 30 2008 	It was okay but we would have liked it more without some of the hassles!	We booked a Saturday night stay for the Mag Mile Lights Fest...got a *great* rate thru Travel Ticker. The location could not have been more perfect as we could see Water Tower Place from our room., so we were about a half block from Michigan Avenue. We booked a regular room, not a suite, so we had the setup where you walk down a few stairs after entering the room to the area where the bed is. The bed had the &quot;pillow menu&quot; which I thought was a quaint touch, and the bathroom had the metallic orange wallpaper, which ummm..no.. The bathroom and mini-bar are at the top of the stairs. Our room had a king sized bed and a recliner chair in it. We were happy &amp; surprised that we were able to get into our room late in the morning, well before the offical check in time. We had also prerequested the &quot;walking tour&quot; kit and it was delivered shortly after we checked in. We also received a phone call from the desk to ask how everything was, which I thought was a nice touch.The room felt a little cold to me, though, so we cranked up the heat and headed off for our day's adventure. When we got back to the room...hours later...it was still freezing, so we called the desk and they said they would send someone up to check it out. We headed off to the rooftop bar for a drink. It was very pleasant,, as it is on the top floor of the hotel, and you get an excellent view of the city all lit up at night. It would be even better during the summer months, as it was just a bit too cold to actually sit outside, so we just stayed indoors. When we headed back down to our room, the maintenance guy was still there working on the heat, and the room was *still* cold. He told us that the heating system in our room was deifnitely not working &amp; offered to relocate us to the room right next door. He said that our heat should *probably* start working soon, but that the room next door had heat NOW, and the room next door had all of the same amenities as our room did, and he would help us move our luggage to the next door room. We did peak into the room before we moved everything and it did look the same and it did feel warmer. It was something of a hassle to move all of our stuff, but we went ahead and moved it.Only after we were in the new room did we realize that the room was not identical to the first one. First of all, it was at the end of the hall, so the second room was quite a bit smaller than the first one we had. Also, the comfortable reclining chair that my husband just loved sitting in was not in the second room. (There was just a small ottoman, sorry not the same). The work desk was about half the size of the one in our first room. We were rather disappointed, as after walking around the city all day, that recliner chair had looked quite comfortable. We saw the maintenance guy in the hall and asked if the heat was now okay in our first room, and he said that it was, and we decided to haul all of our things back to the first room. I was told that the heat was going to work all night, and I had to believe that it would. Thankfully, we didn't have a lot of stuff to move. And even better, the heat actually did work all night.We also had quite a bit of noise from people running up and down the halls during the night-- I know that the hotel can't do much about that, but just an FYI for light sleepers. Also, there is some kind of construction going on right next door to the hotel, which is quite loud. Overall, the location of the hotel is great, and some of the amenities are very nice, too. However, you do expect that the heat in your hotel room will work, especially in Chicago in November! Also, I would have really liked if the hotel offered some kind of complimentary breakfast, even a continental breakfast would have been greatly appreciated. (There was a coffee maker in the room, but it was kind of odd, as it only brewed one cup of coffee at at ime?).I did fill out the hotel survey and got a very nice letter from the hotel management rep, but again, heat is just something you expect to come standard, not to have to pay extra to get.	
Nov 30 2008 	Wonderful!! Wonderful!!!!!	My husband surprised me for my birthday with a dinner and an overnite at the Affinia. As a former travel agent, I am very particular where I stay and knowing that my husband was a little nervous. The hotel was wonderful. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. The view from our room was great. Location to Michigan Avenue couldn't be better and with the bar on the top floor you had an even better view of Chicago. my only complaint is that the heating system was a little noisy when it was on, but for that minor detail this was a wonderful deal at a great hotel.	
Nov 28 2008 	Nice Hotel Nice Location	Very nice hotel with exceptional service. I stayed a week on a business trip and enjoyed it thoroughly. The location is fantastic, the rooms are very well laid out and roomy. You also get a choice of five different pillows, which I thought was a very nice touch. I chose the Ipod pillow which had a connection built in to hook directly to your mp3 player. I also ate in the hotel restaraunt and it was very tasty and nicely presented. There is also a pizza place right next door to the hotel, Gino's East, which was also very good. The location is just off Michigan Avenue on the corner of the Disney Store which was also a plus to pick up those last minute gifts for my little ones. Overall a great stay.	
Nov 27 2008 	great location and great price!!	we booked this hotel after seeing its high rating on tripadvisor and finding a great rate on the hotel website. i think we paid $130/night (and that was friday, sat, sun.) which was an excellent deal for this area. the hotel is one block from the famed michigan avenue. right next door is a great pizza place, gino's east. and a couple blocks away, we found a thai restaurant, dao, the was good. don't rent a car! you can walk everywhere from the affinia or take a cab for longer distances. we took the el (subway) from midway and it was very easy. and this was our first trip to chicago. we had to walk a couple blocks to the hotel but it saved us a $50 cab ride. everyone says not to pay to go the top of the john hancock bldg (it's $15/pp). apparently there is a restaurant on a top floor you can go to for the price of a drink/meal. we thought it was worth it as they have a free headset tour that tells a lot about chicago history and points out landmarks we would not have seen otherwise. my only complaint about the hotel is that our room was right by the housekeeping closet and there was a lot of slamming doors early in the morning. probably could have requested a different room but didn't bother.	
Nov 24 2008 	Loved the Affinia	We booked this great little boutique hotel thru Travel Zoo at a very reasonable price. It was rated at the time the number 2 hotel in Chicago. The Affinia lived up to the ratings. The decor was very modern and simplistic . I have never stayed in a hotel that had real HD TV. The location was great - just one block east of Michigan Avenue in the high rent district. The staff was very helpful and friendly.	
Nov 3 2008 	Great Hotel	My wife and I stayed here recently for four nights while I was in town for a conference. We absolutely loved the hotel. I booked a junior suite because Expedia was having a great deal. Very roomy, clean, and comfortable beds. Great view of the John Hancock building. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The location, a block off of Michigan Avenue, is excellent. We ate a half-block away at Coco Pazzo Cafe, and would highly recommend it. We also liked Bistro 110, which is a couple of blocks away. For something convenient and casual, Gino's East is right next door. Although temperatures were a little cold when we were there, we hung out a little at the outdoor rooftop bar, which is nice. Drinks are overpriced, but that's a big city hotel bar for you. We would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 3 2008	Nice location but soooo noisy . . .	Great location, nice modern rooms. But do not even think about sleeping in or trying to concentrate on work while in your room. The housekeeping was breaking new records for doorslamming every day of our stay. The ladies from China who do not seem to understand one word of our language start early and do not prop the doors open while servicing the guest rooms. I counted a door slamming (and the doors are very heavy!!!) every 10 seconds one morning opposite our room for about an hour. Complained to management, they were quick to apologize but nothing changed. It would be so easy just to use a waste basket to hold the door open while going in and out...but what we experienced bordered on sheer noise terror.One more minus: Forget about the (extremly expensive) room service. We tried to place an order in the morning, called five times, but the phone was never answered ...finally front desk picked up and promised to have room service call us back, but that only happened after I already had left the room to get breakfast around the corner at a very nice place for a third of Affinias price.And the first night the alarm clock in our room rang at 4.30 am on a Sunday. Housekeeping did not reset it after the previous guest. I was told that this is not part of their daily duties, so beware!It`s a shame...the hotel otherwise is nice, and they could fix those problems easily.	
Nov 2 2008 	Classy	The Affinia is virtually the perfect hotel for a visit to Chicago. My wife and I stayed in an upgraded suite. Very large room, that is modern and has all the little touches. The staff was extremely helpful and professional. The location is excellent. The price is a good value for what you get. We simply couldn't find anything to criticize. Highly recommended!	
Oct 30 2008	Good hotel in the perfect location.	This is an easy 4 star hotel in an ideal location a hundred yards off Michigan avenue and close to everything. Bottom line is that everything was as advertised and I had no disappointments. My room was spacious, had a step bed area, and a huge pictures window with a great view of the city. Plus a side window could be opened if you wanted fresh air. I would stay there again in an heartbeat. I did not eat in the hotel restaurant but two blocks from the hotel is the Rosebud Restaurant which has to be one of the finest Italian restaurants in the nation. It is low key, causal and great food, large portions, and very reasonable prices.	
Oct 29 2008 	Well Kept Secret/ Hidden Gem	We had an Excellent Stay. The service was very attentive and genuine. The staff very helpful and always polite. Rooms were well thought out and appointed. Menu limited but well done. Would highly recommend. This is the best value in this area of Chicago. NZ	
Oct 28 2008 	Great modern hotel excellent location	Pros:modern decorlocation, location, locationwonderful showergreat free gymCons:charge for wi-fibathroom light too dim for makeup application	
Oct 21 2008 	friendly comfortable lovely	We stayed 6 pleasent days in this not too big and very friendly hotel. the rooms were spotless comfortable and great view too... also nice view from the roof-bar. The area is pleasant nice and clean, minute walk to magnificant mile, easy to walk around to the lake. friendly stuff, very clean, great warm hotel to stay in. it does not have the &quot;big hotel&quot; factory-like feeling - more like home :)	
Oct 20 2008 	loved the Affinia	My husband and I stayed on an upper level floor in a standard room. Very comfortable with great linens. The room had a separate area with a desk and a bar (including a coffee maker). We managed to book this room for $205 a night and it was well worth it. Front desk and bellmen were friendly and helpful. The location was also a plus. Highly recomended.	
Oct 16 2008 	You Will Love This Sparkling Gem	We needed a bolt hole while attending a sick relative being treated at Northwestern Univ. Hospital. This hotel offered a special rate for that situation...althought they didn't need a special rate...they already ARE VERY SPECIAL.The staff could teach a course in good public relations...helpful, compassionate and patient.Modern and updated lobby and rooms...sparkling clean rooms and baths. The comfy cloud-like beds, COLD A/C, and thoughtful recliner facing the large flat screen TV gave proof to the idea that these people really think and care about their client's comfort.The cozy rooftop bar was icing on the cake. It really shows what a group of motivated thoughtful hotel professionals can do. This is a small gem in a big city!	
Oct 10 2008 	Great hotel	Staff extremely helpful and friendly. Rooms were great and very clean. Would definately recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a wonderful experience. One block off the mile. Beautiful bar with a great view. Go if you can.	
Oct 10 2008 	Loved this place!	We got an outstanding rate by signing up for the hotels' website newsletter. Affinia has a great location just off Michigan Avenue near the Water Tower. Beware however: parking is expensive in the Gold Coast....$48/night. Right from the start, Victor greeted us and made us feel welcome. Check-in was easy and our room was gorgeous. However, it was a handicapped acessible room and I wanted a tub, so one call to the front desk and we had another room. All rooms have been renovated and they are beautiful, comfortable and well appointed.The rooftop bar is a must-do. The outside patio has heaters and candles, a high table for big groups and little groupings of chairs and sofas to get comfy on and enjoy the views. We didn't sit inside the bar area.Pedro and Quentin were excellent bellmen, and Christopher (concierge) was very helpful.As we left, we shook Victor's hand (he's always there!) and told him we've found our new Chicago hotel!	
Oct 9 2008 	Best Bang for your Buck in CHITOWN	OUTSTANDING PROPERTY!!! Would definitely stay here againI was greeted by name every time I entered the Affinia. Staff was extremely attentive and paid attention to every detail. Concierge even helped me retrieve a cell phone that I left in cab....1st classRooms:Well appointed with nice city views. Luxury shower and amenities. 35&quot; Flat Panel TVs....SweetRooftop Bar:Very classy and Cool! Exceptional service and viewsFood:Although the hotel bar &amp; restaurant are excellent, you must try Geno's East....It's right next door.....Best Chicago pizza hands down...	
Oct 3 2008 	Difficult to better	We booked via “lastminute.com” but would have obtained a far better price booking direct with the hotel. When we arrived we received a free upgrade which was great. When Affinia say the rooms have been refurbished they mean it. It was absolutely great and had the wow factor to it. We will not list all that was in the room except to say that every possible need was catered for. There was no expense spared when it came to the décor or presentation. The staff were always friendly and helpful. The location was great as it is off the main roads but only 100 yards from what’s going on. A good local breakfast and evening pub food could be found at the Elephant &amp; Castle one block away. Another place you must try for breakfast is the famous West Egg Café a few blocks away. Another suggestion for evening meal (particularly if it is raining) is The Original Gino’s just next door to the hotel and do go and try The Cheesecake by the Water Tower, great food.	
Sep 30 2008 	Great Location Great Price!!	This hotel is def. the best place to stay in Chicago. It is conveniently located to Mag Mile, subway, hop on/off tour, and many other locations. The staff is wonderful and the rooms are exceptional. Unfortunately we didn't have a great view. Our hotel was facing buildings, regardless the room was very clean and comfortable. The gym has top of the line machines w/ tv and ipod connections. The rooftop bar is a great place to lounge around when you don't feel like leaving the hotel for drinks. It has a great view of the city. The staff is the best, especially the bell boys. They remembered our name after our first meeting and called us by our names all week!! I have previously stayed at the Affinia in NY and we were so impressed by their ammenities and staff that we knew we would have a pleasant stay in Chicago. However, Affinia Chicago exceed even our expectations!!	
Sep 30 2008 	The Affinia is fantastic!	This hotel exceeded out expectations.We had a room on the 21st floor and the couple we traveled with had the room directly below us on the 20th floor. This way it afforded us the identical views...The suites were sizable, very clean and well outfitted.The location of the hotel is outstanding, situated on the 1st block off of the Michigan Ave/Magnificient Mile.As written in another review, the concierge, Christopher Rodriguez was more than helpful. He is a very approachable &amp; pleasant young man.We would definitely stay here again!	
Sep 30 2008 	So glad we chose Affinia	We were in 2 different rooms during our stay. One was a double, with 2 double beds. The room was smallish, but really cool. The beds are a few steps down from the desk/fridge area. Wonderful bedding/pillows/toiletries. Had a large window with a nice view. The second room was a double king room that was huge (750 sf) with a 2 story window. Plenty of room to entertain. The staff was extremely courteous and friendly, everyone from the front desk, conceierge, doormen to the cleaning and maintenance staff. They also have a lovely outdoor patio bar on the 29th floor, where you can just manage to see the lake. I can't imagine even considering staying elsewhere next time we are in Chicago.	
Sep 25 2008 	Windy City in December	This was my first time in Chicago with my partner. We went in December and we had a great time. We had the cold temperature, snow and windy like conditions that you could only get in Chicago. We stayed at the Affinia Chicago and during the time we were there, they were renovating the hotel from top to bottom. We were given a renovated room with an awesome view of the city. The room itself was two rooms with a boutique style atmosphere. We loved everything about the room itself. The bedding and the furniture. There was one male front desk clerk who was extremely helpful and polite to us with recommendations for lunch/dinner. We did not eat any meals at hotel. Our room itself had an awesome view of a typical Downtown Chicago street. As far as attractions goes, there is no shortage there. We did the Chicago City pass and that was a good deal. We also did a Gray Line tour of the city, only to find out that the City of Chicago runs it's own Trolley tour of the city for free.	
Sep 20 2008 	Should be rated a 4-5 star hotel. Pure quality!	From the moment we arrived at the hotel, it was pure high quality service....from the doormen, to the front desk check-in, to the concerierge. Christopher Miele was even able to get us OPRAH tickets! He made our stay one of our best hotel stays ever. Victor the doorman was very nice and helpful too....and so was Marisol another concierge. This is really not a 31/2 star hotel, but rather a 4-4.5 star hotel. Highly recommended and great service. An awesome hotel. I will only stay here when I am in Chicago.	
Sep 14 2008 	The best holiday ever	Fifteen of us travelled from Ireland and had the greatest pleasure of staying at the Affinia! The best hotel in Chicago without a doubt! Irish people are known for our friendliness and hospitality but we have major competion here! What a fabulous bunch of people and if i can, i will mention names, victor, daniel, erin, christopher, joel, they made our stay so unbelievable! Thanks in particular to victor who put up with our midnight antics, that is finding our keys etc, the Affinia should open a hotel in Ireland, we need a great hotel like it! PLease let us know if you do as we're all in the business!! Nicest staff you will meet, if you ever visit Ireland we work in a restaurant called the oar house in howth co dublin. Come visit xxxx Ps Victor you made our holiday love to yaxxx	
Sep 12 2008 	4 for 2	4 star quality for a 2 star price. The room was great. Some funky boutique decor, very comfortable bed &amp; pillow(s), enough room but a bit on the small side. Got a great price off of Expedia. Most other options of similar quality were about double the price.Any services like checking in &amp; out and storing our luggage were first class.So I'm rating my experience a 5 because the value puts this Above Average hotel into the Excellent category.	
Aug 31 2008 	Great location great room	The room was large and clean, the bed was huge with a great and free choice of pillows. There was a coffee machine that we could use with no extra charge including a choice of decaf. The staff was polite and efficient. The hotel is perfectly located. The bathroom was good but lacked space to store our toiletries.Although the renovation process of the hotel was over, there were noisy streetworks just at the foot of the hotel and since there were no doubleglazed windows it was a bit annoying to be woken up at 8:00. We would recommend to ask for a room on the highest level possible.The heating/ vent. /cooling unit in the room was very loud but we didn't need to use it because the outside temperatures were perfect.The only possibility to have breakfast in the hotel is via the room service which is extremely expensive. But there are nice cafés in the area, such as Gherardelli's.	
Aug 28 2008 	Great Stay at the Affinia!	My sister and I booked a room at the Affinia Chicago through a package deal with Orbitz. We had stayed at another Affinia property in New York City and were very pleased, so we felt confident that we would have another great stay at this Affinia. We booked a guest room with one bed, but were very happy when we were offered a double bed room at check-in. The room had a small entry area with a minibar, desk and bathroom (with some crazy orange metallic wallpaper!); with the 2 beds 3 steps down from the entry area. It had a nice sized closet with robes, an iron and ironing board, hairdryer and a safe. The bedroom area had a full-length mirror and a decent sized flatscreen TV. The minibar refrigerator was full of soft drinks, juices and some alcoholic beverages, but we just wanted to use it to keep some of our own things cold. We asked at the front desk and were told that it was OK to take the things out of the refrigerator as long as we replaced them before leaving. This worked out well, and we were able to eat breakfast in the room.The Affinia beds are some of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in. We were on the 19th floor, and we had none of the noise problems that others have mentioned in their reviews. I heard a couple of sirens, but we were never awakened by sirens, or any other street noise, for that matter.The staff at the Affinia is very friendly and helpful. The concierge printed out our boarding passes for us, and we got some restaurant recommendations from the desk clerks. We didn't try the restaurant, but we went up to the bar just to check it out, and it would be a great place to relax in the evening, but we were too exhausted to take advantage of it.Chicago is a beautiful city. We particularly enjoyed the Chicago Architecture river cruise and the art deco walking tour. We traveled all over by bus, and found step-by-step directions on www. transitchicago. com. For something off the beaten path, take a trip to the Graceland Cemetery for some unbelievably beautiful grave markers - you can even buy a book at the Chicago Architecture Foundation that gives you maps and pictures of the more famous ones. We had a wonderful lunch next to the window on the 95th floor of the Hancock Building, and some great desserts at Grand Lux, not far from the hotel.We enjoyed our stay at the Affinia Chicago, and would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 25 2008 	Great stay at Affinia!	Went away with my wife without the kids for a long weekend in July. Felt very well treated from the moment we stepped in. Since this was our first trip to Chicago, the Concierge had great suggestions on where to eat, what to do, etc.The room was magnificent - the renovation of the hotel was complete. Rom had big bed with comfortable pillows (and many others to choose from), also large bathroom to get ready. As other posts have mentioned, lighting could be a little better, but we did not have any issues. Visited the gym, found the equipment new and very nice, about 3 treadmills, 2 elliptical machines and a small free weight area - everything that we needed!The hotel is located 1/2 block off the Maginificent Mile, but found the area much more quiet than staying on the Magnificent Mile. All in all, a great experience, we cannot wait to return!	
Aug 20 2008 	Pretty good but not great	Overall we had a pretty good experience at the Affinia. The staff was very friendly during our stay. The room was clean and very nice. We did have more issues than I expected, however. Our coffee maker didn't work and the drain in the shower/tub also didn't work which resulted in water pooling in the tub during showers. They also use low flow shower heads which is pretty funny because they have a &quot;massage&quot; setting that when you try to use it the water has such low flow it barely trickles out of the shower head. My biggest issue was finding a charge for the lounge located on the top floor on my bill at checkout time. We never did have time to visit the lounge (unfortunately) and when I explained this to them they actually acted like this was somehow my fault. This got me to wondering how often this &quot;mistake&quot; occurs at this hotel. The location is great but they stick you for about $50 a day for parking.Overall, not bad but I'm not sure its worthy of all the praise I've been reading from other reviews. I've stayed at &quot;lower-level&quot; hotels and had equally good experiences for lower rates.	
Aug 18 2008 	Perfect hotel	The recently remodeled Affina was amazing - from the 6 choice pillow menu to the stocked &quot;pantry and refrigerator&quot; to the brand name bathroom ammenities. Within walking distance to just about everything you could possibly need, the Affina is a great hotel. The staff was pleasant and seemed to enjoy their jobs. Having never stayed in downtown Chicago before, the Affina over and above exceeded our expectations. Although our trip to Chicago was only for one night, we will consider staying at the Affina again for a future visit.	
Aug 11 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised	This hotel was PERFECT for our girls getaway. The decor is fun &amp; refreshing. Loved the roof top bar. Every staff member was friendly &amp; always smiling. The location is perfect for Michigan Ave shopping, the beach, dinner and night life. It was a mile or two from Millenium Station. The concierge recommended a couple places to hang out after dinner and added our names to the guest list (I’m sure they do it all the time but still a nice gesture).	
Aug 4 2008	Great stay great city	We stayed at the Affinia for 4 nights while visiting Chicago for Lollapalooza. Location is perfect in River North and the hotel itself is just perfect for me, great location, simple, tasteful modern decor, low scene factor, all mod hotel cons, and pleasant staff. We booked a guest room with one bed which was on a lower floor looking right into a parking garage which wasn't the greatest situation, however, our friends booked a studio which was on a higher floor with a great view. I wish I had done the same. Most everything went very well during our stay. We missed the restaurant but the rooftop bar is excellent, adding to the cool factor. We had a minor malfunction in our room which was fixed immediately, but on the third day, the cleaning staff spilled some cleaning agent on our impeccably clean carpet which left a wet spot and a strong smell. That was unfortunate. The heating/ vent. /cooling unit in the room was very loud...moreso than similar types of units installed other newer hotels in which I've stayed (I'm a builder and know a bit about these things). Perhaps these weren't part of the renovation or they just cheaped out on them. For an urban hotel, reasonably priced and rated 3.5 stars this one is highly recommended though I didn't think everything went well enough nor was the location of our room good enough to give it a 5 rating. I would definitely stay there again though.	
Aug 1 2008 	Hidden Gem	We just returned from a 5 night stay at the Affinia, and I will try not to repeat info contained in other reviews. It is a great location, great staff who were mostly 30somethings, and refreshingly helpful and cheerful and know the value and meaning of customer service. We had a junior suite, it is quite roomy, funky decor. It was right beside the elevators, but you couldn't hear them or much else in the room except for traffic noise. Strangely, you could hear people talking, water running, etc. when you were in the bathroom, it was coming through the air vent. Due to the street noise factor mentioned by another reviewer, we asked for a high floor and were in 2201. Even up that high, you did get traffic noise, sirens at night. I am a light sleeper so always have ear plugs, which I used the first night (a Saturday). After that, I didn't need them, either it was much quieter the other nights or I was already used to the ambient noise. I would definitely stay here again on a return trip. They offer 3 &quot;kits&quot; to their guest, absolutely free, one is a Sports Kit, one a BYOB Kit and one a Walking Tour kit. The Walking Tour kit comes complete with IPod loaded with various walking tours and printed materials to guide you as well. We didn't have time to actually use the kit, but did listen to parts of the IPod tours, and they sounded fantastic. So be sure to check that kit out if you have time.The only negatives is the exorbitant parking rates (we did valet at $44 per night, to self-park up the street was $40 per night so may as well use valet). I thought Boston was bad at $25 per night. And there are no ice machines on the floors, so you have to order ice all the time from the front desk, meaning you have to tip someone every time you want ice. But the service was prompt and extremely polite and professional in all cases.Tips about Chicago-- we did Giordano's on Rush for our Chicago-style pizza experience, 2 blocks from hotel, and huge line-ups every night. They told us 1.5 hour wait when we arrived, and to pre-order our pizza after 40 minutes, which we did. We ended up getting our table in an hour, and the pizza was worth the wait. The Greek salad was unremarkable.Don't bother with the Elephant &amp; Castle on St. Clair, one block form hotel. Inferior food and terrible service.Any Corner Bakery is great for a light breakfast, they have lunches as well but didn't try them. Fabulous Swiss oatmeal (like Birka's muesli if you know what that is) and blueberry muffins and good coffee.We walked all the way to and from The Greek Islands on Halsted, it is much further than it looked on the map! Greek food, short wait for a table, mousaka was good, as was a baked pasta (kind of Greek lasagna). Not a must do unless you are really into Greek food.For full breakfast if you feel like the trek north, try Kitsch 'n River North at the corner of Chicago and Larrabee. Reasonable prices, good home cooking, and funky 50s decor. For our one special dinner out, we splurged and went to Rosebud Steakhouse on Walton, 4 blocks north of hotel, as recommended by the Affinia concierge. It didn't disappoint. Great food, although expensive, wonderful service. The gumbo (soup of the day) was to die for. And the bread pudding was pretty amazing too.If you want to do the Architectural river cruise, book it through the Chicago History Museum web-site. Their tour is guided by an actual architect, is 1/2 hour longer that the other tours and you get free Starbucks coffee, cookies, muffins and cold beverages throughout.If you plan on doing anything that would appeal to families, try to be there when it first opens. Like the Shedd Aquarium -- we were there at 1 p.m. and left after an hour -- way too many people to enjoy the exhibits. We did Navy Pier right at 10 a.m. when it opened, almost nobody there. By 11 a.m., scads of busses arrive full of kids and tourists.If you want to get around within the city, get yourself a CTA system map that shows all the bus routes. The bus is much more convenient and efficient than the subway unless you're heading to the burbs, like for Frank Lloyd Wright, Wrigley Field, etc. Get yourself a Visitors Pass, it's great value, and you can pre-order it on-line, or pick up at various places around the city -- it tells you on the CTA system map. The Free Trolley system sounds good in principle -- people were jammed in like sardines every time we saw one, use your pass on the CTA for a much more comfortable and air-conditioned ride.The Wrigley Field tour is great, much better and twice as long as the one at Fenway. FLW home and studio was also great, if you're into him. Robie House was disappointing because it is under renovation and you don't get to see a lot of the inside. That isn't mentioned on the web-site, of course.Overall, Chicago is a beautiful city, flowers and greenery everywhere, clean, clean, clean. And the Affinia is a great base from which to enjoy it.	
Jul 17 2008 	Great location but very noisy	This hotel is situated in a fantastic location literally 150m off the magnificent mile. The foyer is simple but spotless and exudes a wonderful lemon fresh smell eveytime you walk in. The rooms although slightly small are furnished to a high spec and the hotel gym has everthing you could ask for. Unfortunately there is one seriously big problem, when they refurbished this hotel it would apear to me that they never changed the windows and the street noise is horrific. One expects a few sirens in a big city but this hotel is situated on the same street as a hospital and you have the constant sounds of sirens throughout the night. When we first arrived in the room I actually thought the window was opened and we knew immediately that we would have problems with it. After the first night we went to a local Wallgreens, bought wax ear plugs that mould to your ears and that certainly helped although they do take a bit of getting used to at first and certainly not what you expect when staying in an hotel. One other thing that has not been mentioned is that directly next door to the hotel is currently a construction site, to be fair the only problem here is once again when the trucks back up you can clearly hear the beeping from the reversing lights. Although noise is a problem if your happy to wear a set of ear plugs this is a lovely hotel in a great location.	
Jul 15 2008 	Superb service!	Loved this hotel when it was the Fitzpatrick, and for everyone whowas patiently awaiting the complete renovation when it becameAffinia - man, was it worth it!!! The service of the staff is stilloutstanding, very accomodating and friendly. (See Marisol forspecial requests!) The rooms are lovely, and the beds are heavenly! The rooftop bar is great - especially on those balmysummer nights; however, the lobby bar is nice too. WIth theperfect location, it's just an all-around fabulous hotel to stay in.(Skip the pizza joint next door - the long lines suggest the pizza must be out of this world - but it's not - there is much betterpizza to be had in Chicago!)	
Jul 6 2008 	Great escape at Affinia	My husband and I went to Chicago for 4 days with no children, for some relaxation. We had a very enjoyable stay at the Affinia.All the renovations were complete, except the rooftop bar which was opening the evening of the day we left.The hotel has a very streamlined and clean look. The workout room was very nice. We stayed in a regular guest room, it is perfect for the person who is going to be exploring the city and not hanging out in your room. If you plan to spend a lot of time relaxing in your room, you may want to step up to a suite.Some people complained about the ambulances at night, but I think this is an issue in any large city. I didn't notice them once I fell asleep.Great Place, highly recommend.	
Jul 5 2008 	A taste of luxury just off the magnificent mile.	We booked a trip to the US in March through an agent who booked our Manchester to Chicago flights and our Flight from Chicago to San Diego 3 days later , but failed to secure any of the 3 Hotel options that we had given her. So we decided to do it ourselves - Hotels in the Chicago area were 'all' fully booked up, the only other option (we were told) was to stay at one of the many Airport Hotels, This I'm afraid is not an option - Who wants to go on holiday and stay 18 mile away from all the attractions that you have come to see ? Not me that's for sure.So after spending a week trawling through the net to find a hotel , we came across the AFFINIA - The website said that the hotel was having a huge facelift and would be ready by June 2008 (we arrived on May 31st) but the website made the hotel look very very classy - the only stumbling point was the price £730 for 3 nights ! That's over $1400. At this point we were at risk of ruining our holiday before it started, so we bit the bullet and paid it.When we arrived we were about an hour early , the reception staff and bellboys could not do enough to help, the lady on reception said the 'Suite' they were preparing would be ready in an hour. Id did not click at the time , but that's why we had paid so much, when we returned (from the fantastic Italian restaurant next door 'Ginos East') we were given our key and told to take the the elevator to the 28th floor. The 29th floor was the new roof-top bar which they were putting the finishing touches to so the 28th floor - with it spectacular views- was pretty much as high up as it gets ! The second we opened the door , we knew that the place was a little special - you enter to your office that over looks the lounge with its floor to ceiling windows (displaying Chicago's impressive skyline in all its splendor) as you ascend the steps into the lounge, the bedroom (a similar size to the lounge) comes into view with its huge bed and 42&quot; HD-L.C.D TV that swings between bedroom and lounge , past this is a dressing room , with ample wardrobe space (complimentary safe, hair dryer, Iron and Ironing board) and the beautifully decorated bathroom. In my humble opinion this is what luxury looks like, and although it cost more than what I would've wanted to pay, I thought it was worth it to spend 3 nights in pure comfort (always helps after a 11 trip) with views to die for.The position of the hotel is quite simply unbeatable, You are a 2 minute walk from the 'Magnificent Mile' which is Chicago's 5th Avenue ,5 minutes from more themed Restaurants and bars than you can shake a stick at &amp; a 10 minute stroll from 'Navy Pier' not to mention the great Restaurant next door , so you never have to spend hours looking for somewhere to eat, on that subject - I have one gripe , if I'm paying $1400 for 3 nights in a hotel I don't ever expect to have to pay $50 (inc: tip) for a buffet breakfast for 2, but - I enjoyed my stay so much that I would never knock a star off for something that trivial	
Jul 4 2008 	Great Chicago hotel	We understand this hotel has undergone a recent refurbishment and it shows. Everywhere was clean, fresh and modern - the suite we stayed in was immaculate and we loved the revolving TV for viewing in bed or seating area. They have just opened a roof bar/terrace which is great for views over drinks.The location is perfect, however what makes the hotel great for us is the staff. Without exception they were all friendly and helpful without being insincere. A special mention to two people, the concierge Chris - who was a mine of information on where to eat and drink- and the doorman Victor whose warm personality and humour lifted the whole experience. They are both an absolute credit to the hotel and worth looking out for if you go.The only downside was that our suite was next to the lift/elevator which although not too intrusive was noticeable, especially a night ,and maybe some investment could be made in better soundproofing?It's our sixth visit to Chicago and this is easily the best experience we've had and was also good value.	
Jul 4 2008 	Affinia was fabulous!!	The Affinia was a great experience! From the time we walked in the door we felt welcome, all the staff was very friendly and helpful (probably because they live in such a beautiful city). We never walked through the lobby without being acknowledged by someone just saying hello or wishing us a good day. The doormen were always cheerful and a great source of good recommendations throughout the city. We had a great room considering we got it for quite a steal on Orbitz. I wasn't expecting such a large comfortable room with a great view of the Hancock Building and such a fun decor. From the front desk to the maid service, everything (and every one) was top notch!!	
Jun 16 2008 	Loved the Affinia	We had a complicated last minute need for a hotel - and found the Affinia available. The staff was very friendly and the room was exceptional. A good value for Chicago. I would recommend the hotel for business or tourist travel.	
Jun 15 2008	Nice Hotel Better Than Others Close By	I stayed at the Affinia for two nights. As others have mentioned, the attitude and service of the Affinia staff are superlative. I pulled up in a taxi, and the concierge came out to open the cab door with a big &quot;Welcome&quot; to me. The hotel also has doormen, so I was impressed that the concierge did that. The check-in process was very pleasant and quick -- the person at the desk chatted with me for a while about the recent changes to the hotel.I had booked a junior suite; when I got to the room I realized that it bordered on the elevator shaft -- which is something I usually avoid in hotels. In trying to get my room changed, the staff told me that all junior suites are located next to the elevators. They offered to switch me to a different type of room, but I decided to give it a try and found that I could not hear the elevators at all while in the room.The room had a full-size bed, which was fine for one person but might be a squeeze with two trying to sleep there. There was a also a sleeper sofa in the room. The mattress was extremely comfortable. The beds are equipped with feather pillows, but there is also a choice of several other types of pillows if one wants them. These are mentioned in a card that was on the bed when I arrived. The bed had two small focused reading lights attached to it, along with two bedside lamps. One of the reading lights was missing its bulb. I reported it to the front desk the next morning, but this was never replaced during the next day I was there.One of the telephones in the room didn't work when I arrived. It was a cordless phone, and the other one in the room had a cord. I reported the broken phone at the desk the next morning, and that was fixed by the time I came back to the room in the afternoon.The decor in the room was excellent, and of course brand new. The only thing that didn't suit my taste was the orange foil wallpaper covering the bathroom walls. Paired with the round light that was backlighting the mirror, there were odd shadows thrown around when trying to look in the mirror. And, that was the only light in the room. Fortunately, for putting on makeup there was a little sitting area right outside the bathroom that had a small ceiling light and a lighted mirror. So, it all worked out well.The closet had a sensor light that came on most of the times when the door was opened. There was no light switch for it. I found that it turned off at odd times, if I was standing too still in front of it. And it didn't always come on when the door opened. It may have been defective, but I didn't report it.In the closet I found a white terry bathrobe, which is always a nice touch in a hotel room. It was very much appreciated.Others have mentioned the large flat-screen TV that swivels to face the bed or the seating areas in the room. This was one of the best features in the room. Unfortunately, the Channel button on the remote would stick a little when trying to move from one channel to another -- it wasn't a major problem, but I thought it was odd to find this defect in a recently-renovated hotel with such a new television in it.One more thing: the coffee maker had one-cup pods that would go into a cup. This is not my favorite way to have coffee, but it worked out fine. The main problem was that one of the provided cups was filthy one morning. Otherwise, all went well.There was a fully-stocked refrigerator with beverages, and a tray with chips and nuts on it in the room. Prices were posted. I did not try any of them.For those who have problems with stairs, there were three steps in the room. When first entering at the top level, there was a reading desk with telephone and lamp. Then one needed to go down three steps to get into the room itself. Not very many steps, but it might bother some people. One caveat for some, and it is beyond the hotel's control: There is a big construction project currently beginning right next to the hotel, directly to the east. There is going to be a new children's hospital built there as part of the Northwestern hospital system. I heard a little noise once during the day, but it doesn't appear that the construction project is really going very far yet. I expect in the next couple of years there might be a lot more noise next door. But, this shouldn't be a problem on evenings, nights, or weekends -- so for most visits I think it will be fine. And yes, there are ambulance noises related to the large hospital complex a block away. These did not really bother me at all, especially at night.	
Jun 8 2008 	Affinia Rocks!	We traveled from Minneapolis to Chicago on Thursday night via the Megabus and arrived early Friday morning. We were both fairly tired and wanted to nap for a couple hours until various attractions opened later in the morning. We showed up very early in the morning and were able to check into our room even though check in time wasn't until 3 p.m. Everyone was very friendly!The room was fantastic! The room was very clean. This is very important to us and Affinia did not disappoint. The bed provided a couple of the best nights of sleep we've had in a long time. We liked it so much that we may end up buying one of them off the hotels website. Location, location, location! The hotel is a block off North Michigan Ave. Buses run up and down NMA all day and night and you can pretty much get anywhere you want to go via public transit! It was an easy walk to Navy Pier, restaurants, and shops!The only downside that we experienced is due to the nearby hospitals quite frequently you would hear sirens as ambulances arrive or leave the hospital. It wasn't a big deal at night but we noticed them during the day the couple times we tried taking naps.My fiance and I are already discussing the next time we are going to visit Chicago and we will definitely be staying at Affinia Chicago when we come back!	
Jun 2 2008 	Very Good - will great when refurb complete	Stayed at Affinia Chicago for 5 nights over Memorial Day weekend.Great Stay, hotel lobby refurb complete although they are still doing work on the signage out front whilst we were there and restaurant not fully open until June (just breakfast for now - didnt try as there are loads of good places to go nearby)Great Location, steps away from Michigan Ave and the shops, nearby to lots of great places for breakfast, dinner etc and we had great food everywhere we went.The room was great - only purchased a normal guest room but appeared to have been upgraded to a studio suite with great Queen size (UK King - 5ft wide) bed which was so comfortable - we slept great - and also a living room area with a big sofa which was also a pull out double bed.Room was immaculate - cleaned every day to high standard, everything was new, bed was fantastic, bathroom (with tub) was compact - european style and the aveda toiletries and the towelling robes a nice touch.Agree with other reviewers that the staff were warm and friendly and extremely helpful - they really are and will provide good recommendations on restaurants, bars, taxis.Only thing of a couple of negatives1 water pressure in the shower could have been bit higher.2 the windows are single glazed so there is some streetnoise but we actually slept really well. It wasnt loud enough to wake us up.3 The lobbies on our floor was really hot but the aircon in the room worked great.Its a shame we couldnt try the restaurant or the rooftop bar as they are not scheduled to be complete until June - pity - Im sure it would have topped off a great stay.This will be a stunning boutique style hotel when the refurb is fully complete. Would return to the city and would stay here again.	
May 31 2008 	Great choice for young couples!!! Loved Affinia	We booked the Affinia for a 2 night stay during Memorial Day Weekend. We couldn't have been happier with the perfect location...just 1 block from the magnificent mile and endless shopping possibilities. Renovations are still going on outside, so we missed the valet parking when we arrived due to trucks outside; however, there is a quite new parking garage right across the street which costs the same as valet parking. The room was beautifully decorated in contemporary design. The bathroom was super clean and new. The bed was delightfully comfortable the bed lights were convenient. My only 3 concerns about the Affinia were the following:1. We went to a concert at United Center on Friday night and left the window in the room cracked for air. Upon returning, the room was filled with mosquitos due to no screens on the windows. I went the front desk who assigned us another room (quite nice, but got slightly mouthy with me even though it was the hotel problem not to have any screens.) When we arrived in the second room, there were mosquitos all along the window and on the ceiling also. The window was closed. Due to being in the early morning hours and frustrated we just spent 10 minutes killing them. I'm assuming this is an ongoing problem in the rooms and not necessarily because of me leaving the window open. We had no problems after that with the mosquitos...but the hotel definitely needs to invest in pest control of some sort of in purchasing screens so the guests can open up the windows especially in the warmer months. 2. The bar area/restaurant was not ready yet. The hotel on Expedia posted they have free cocktails everynight; however, there was no food or drinks anywhere in the lobby. Alot of other hotels have adjacent places to eat/drink, but with Affinia we had to go out to other places. Not that it is horrible, but not as convenient as listed.3. The flatscreen tv was wonderful, especially how it swiveled. The tv is set up so you cannot change to any aux channels. If you bring a video game system or dvd player, you will not be able to hook up to the tv. Overall, the staff was great with directions, suggestions, and advice. Rooms were comfortable with chic/modern. Location definitely makes this hotel one I will return to without looking at other hotels. Once the renovation is complete, it will definitely appear like a 4.5 star hotel. Would definitely recommend for young couples; you will be so close to shopping, food, and bars. And the lake is only about 3 blocks on the other side!Other recommendations for Chicago:Garretts popcorn and Niketown-2 blocks down from Superior.Ethels Chocolate Lounge-inside Nordstrom mall, great $20 chocolate fondue for 2!!!!Chicago Pizza Grinder-you'll have to drive down clark st to get there, but pest pizza and mediterranean bread ever, worth the long wait	
May 31 2008 	Fab Hotel will be back	I stayed here for 2 nights in May 2008 in a studio room. I paid $169 per night + tax (booked on travezoo) and all I have to say is that was a bargain! The room was huge with a small sofa/living area and separate king bed. The flat screen TV was also huge and could be turned to face the bed or the sofa which was great.The room was brand new as they have recently refurbished. There was also a separate office area with a large desk and free wifi internet.To top off the large room they had a very nice funky bathroom with bath and shower as well as a separate vanity area in a mini hallway with a very large mirror and separate plus and a great lighting...perfect for putting on makeup and doing your hair.The hotel itself was located next door to Ginos pizza (Which is great too) and only 2 mins walk from Michigan Avenue shopping, including Bloomingdales and the Water Tower shopping centre with Macys.A few minutes walk away is the John Hancock building, again with shops and great views from the restaurant on the 95th floor (It's free if you go up for a meal or drinks, else you pay $12 for the view). Dinner is buffet, which was lovely and reasonably priced at $18 + tax and service + drink.Must sees - go to Millennium Park (15-20 mins walk), State Street shopping, Navy Pier and make sure you go to the visitors centre as you can get a free greeter service (a local person who shows you around including a one day travel card worth $5). The visitors centre is based 77 E. Randolph, Chicago, IL 60602 (at the corner of Randolph St. and Michigan Ave).PS - remember to pick up a discount card for Bloomingdales (11% off) and Macys (11% off) from there respective customer service/visitor centres inside the store)	
May 26 2008 	Funky Fun and Clean---loved it!	I stayed there with my 3 kids (ages 7,6 and 2) and husband and we loved it! The decor throughout is very funky but tasteful. The room was super clean. The beds are comfortable---love the pillow choices! My kids loved the sunken room with the stairs---entertaining when you're 2! The staff was friendly and efficient. Also a great location---not a long walk to anywhere on Michigan Avenue or the Navy Pier. We would definitely stay there again!!	
May 24 2008 	Great Hotel with a Wonderful Staff	My wife and I stayed at the Affinia in March in anticipation of our daughters wedding last weekend. At that time the remodel of the exterior was not quite done although the rooms were complete. At that time I indicated the location of the hotel was it's best feature. Now the our wedding guests have spent the wedding weekend my opinion of the hotels best feature is its staff. These people did a wonderful job. Further they did the kind of things a really good hotel does-------they anticipated our needs. From the really entertaining front door man to the really competent night manager we could not have asked for more. The location is great. Now that the front is complete the entrance is really user friendly. They were able to give us this level of service even in the midst of the National Restaurant Association convention. The C-House restaurant is not yet open for dinnner but when it is if it matches the level of the rest of the hotel it should be quite good. I could go on----this is a very nice hotel---stay there if you can.	
May 24 2008 	Good	It's in a perfect location, just a 2 blocks from Hancock Tower and very close to Rush street. The rooms are huge and has a 5 star look to it. Very accomdating and curtious staff. Stayed here for 5 days and felt very safe taking walk in the neighbourhood at night. I know they charge for internet in the room but I was be able to access a free wireless netowork from my room.	
May 18 2008 	A work in progress -- can't wait to see the end result	I thought this hotel was great. From the location, to the modern upscale room, to the friendly, accommodating staff. The lobby was still undergoing construction while we were there but the room was nice, the beds were great and the bathroom was beautiful. I liked the location, too. Close enough to the Mag Mile, but on a quiet street.This hotel is still getting organized. There was plaster and grout in our shower but it was eventually cleaned up. The lobby had water and snacks every evening. During the week, they have coffee and muffins too. The concierge provided us with excellent restaurant recommendations. I would go back there to stay in a heartbeat. We got this room at a steal on Travelzoo ($99, including parking, which we didn't need).	
May 15 2008 	Can't put my finger on it	We stayed at the Affinia Chicago for 5 nights. I booked a junior suite through the AAA website way back in November. We weren't paying a cut rate by any means so I was surprised by the room.It was like a galley kitchen, long and narrow. Yes there were two TV's, a couch, coffee table, bed, and a large bathroom. But the layout was so long and narrow as to be awkward.The room itself was spotless, kept clean each day. Yet this is sadly about all the positive I can say about the Affinia. We were on the 4th floor overlooking the alley and every weekday morning around 0430 hours the garbage trucks started and kept up for 2 hours. So 3 of the 5 mornings we were awakened by the racket. Taking a look at the windows themselves it's obvious they weren't updated in the recent renovation. Single paned, no noise reduction, and most important our window frames were filthy with mold.We weren't told until 3 days into our stay that the breakfast room was open, despite a letter in our room from the manager saying the breakfast wasn't available yet. Small disconnect in communication there.Location is great, just off the Magnificent Mile, yet on our next trip to Chicago (and we loved the city) we won't return to the Affinia.	
May 10 2008 	Affinia turned out to be a nice choice...	I love to stay in the modern design hotels and since my favourite hotel in Chicago was fully booked after many doubts I booked this hotel. I went there without any expectations, just with a thought of having a bed under the roof. This stay turned out to be a lovely one. I liked almost finished lobby of the hotel and the staff of the hotel were incredibly welcoming. So, that was a nice start. Check in very friendly and smooth. I must say I am not a lover of modern classic/posch style which I think discribes the style of the Affinia. But somehow I did like the styte of the rooms in Affinia. It felt homey. Bathroom was huge ( I asked for walk in shower). Aveda products was a plus. I loved the bed and slept very good in it.The locations is great too.Magnificient mile is just on the corner.Like someone mentioned before, there is one thing I can't understand why the internet/wifi is charged service at Affinia? I loved my stay at Affinia but for my next stay I will go back to my favourite hotel which offers internet free of charge. Sometimes, these little details and not big lines of the hotel that counts when making final decision choosing hotel.But I will definately check the hotel. Maybe they will change their policy on the internet...I am not the only one who finds it strange after all... Beside this, I do really recommend this hotel to anyone!	
May 10 2008 	Magnificent	I was completely blown away by this hotel. It was magnificent. I got a great deal and I am so happy that I stayed here. Before arriving I was nervous as I had read a few bad reviews about the impact the renovation was having on peoples stay, for example very noisy. However, whilst the renovation was still going on and the gym was not open nor the restaurant, it made no difference to me.My room was huge, bathroom was spacious with excellent water pressure, bed was perfect and the view was amazing.Hotel is so close to the great shops of Magnificent Mile, plus a comfortable walking distance to Hancock tower and Millennium Park.	
May 10 2008 	Great Hotel Great People	My husband I stayed at the Affinia Chicago in March for a convention. We heard that the hotel had undergone a renovation and read great reviews. Unfamiliar with Chicago, we trusted the reviews, crossed our fingers and hoped for the best. We were not let down.Upon arrival, the lobby was still undergoing renovations and preparing for the opening of their restaurant. Our room was ready, so check in was smooth and easy. There are complimentary bottles of water and snacks for you at the front desk...great after a 10 hour flight or a long day of walking around the city.Daniel, the bellman, helped with our bags and gave us a brief rundown of places to go. Such a great guy, it was southern hospitality at it's best. The room we booked was a Jr. Suite and it was fabulous!! (take a look at photos) The layout was great and it was nice to be able to spread out and lounge. The Affinia has some cool services. They offer several pillow options to choose from, walking tours to download, exercise videos for the room, etc. All of the toiletries in the room are from Aveda. I'm a huge couch potato at home, so I appreciated the flat screen that could swivel to face the bed or the couch.Location off the Magnificent Mile was terrific. One block off the mile, the hotel is located behind Neiman Marcus. Around the corner was a 24-hour Walgreens. If you are visiting for a conference at McCormick Place the Affinia does not have a shuttle service but don't worry, there are several hotels next to the Affinia that you can catch. The hotel was very quiet and elevators were fast. Very clean, with comfy beds, water pressure in bath is perfect . I recommend the Jr. Suite; it's spacious enough that I could sleep without being bothered while my husband worked on his laptop.We were sad to leave at the end of the week but needed to get back home for Easter...but our plans changed. There was a freak snowstorm that hit on Friday and our flight back home was cancelled! We couldn't get back home until the night of Easter Sunday! I immediately got on the phone at the airport and called the Affinia. Spoke with Milton, the Front Desk Manager. He was so helpful and friendly during that stressful moment. He was able to get us checked back into another suite with an even better rate! When we got there, the staff was great to us and were so sorry that we wouldn't be able to get home for Easter. Thank you so much to everyone there.We fell in love with Chicago and will return during the summer. The city is beautiful, so much to do and see, but most of all the people were so wonderful. We will return to the Affinia and highly recommend it to others if they are looking for a hotel in this terrific city.	
May 6 2008 	excellent hotel perfect location	As others have said, once all the construction works are completed I suspect that the prices this hotel can (legitimately) charge will put it out of our price range. Which will be a pity because it is an excellent hotel, &amp; the location couldn't be better. The room was very spacious, with separate sitting &amp; study areas &amp; a nice bathroom.Only 3 minor points: downstairs they were serving a free basic breakfast (coffee &amp; pastries), but we only knew of it on our last morning - nobody had mentioned this; the cost of internet - $9.99 - is a bit dear especially when lots of motels now offer it free; there was only powered milk in the rooms, which wasn't that nice. But none of these really spolied a really enjoyable stay.	
May 3 2008	Nice Hotel	I like the Affinia....a lot. The location is PERFECT! but i have to admit, it was the staff that sold it. We arrived at about 11am on Sunday, so the rooms were not available. So they stored our luggage while we had lunch. When we returned at about 1pm there were two available. I have to admit I am a very picky person when it comes to where I lay my head. The staff was wonderful. They took me to both rooms to see which one I wanted, which i thought was great. We ended up going with a third one on the 11th floor. I wanted a king bed instead of a queen. The roomshave a real minimalist feel. Kind of funky and retro. We got a huge room where there were steps leading to the bed. One drawer and a flat screen tv with a couple of lamps, oh and a desk. We lost out on the brand new shower in our room, which i was really bummed about. It is not a luxury suite, but it is really nice. Very clean which I am very picky about. I didn't have the constant need to scratch when I was there. There was some paint chipping on the wall right over the sink. I told the front desk and they said they are going to fix it.Everything is new here. Yes there is still construction and the restaurant is not done, but there are so many places to eat right outside the hotel, that you don't miss it.Again the staff was perfect. They greeted us with a smile and every wish was their command. If we needed directions, reservations, water or phone numbers, they were more than willing to help us. Loved em!I would stay here again!	
Apr 29 2008	Very nice!	This is a very nice, modern hotel. Everything is brand new since they just renovated. Beautiful, large bathroom, nice and comfy beds. I would definitely recommend this to a friend and stay there again.	
Apr 28 2008	Good but not without problems	Just returned from a stay of 3 nights at this hotel. Good news - the lobby remodeling is done and the lobby looks great. They were putting on the last coat of paint this past week. The restaurant is also looking good - expected to open in mid-May. The only scaffolding in front is now just used to finish the awning. They removed the rest of the scaffolding. Looking good!The stay was not without problems...The good:- as previously mentioned, the beds are incredibly comfortable. I liked the standard pillows and did not order from the pillow menu.- valet parking and the doorman were efficient and very friendly- The flat panel TV was on an arm and could reach over the bed in my room. Very flexible!- Spacious bathroom with great lighted mirrors- The room was big enough that there were two thermostats that controlled two separate heating/cooling ducts.- The hotel was quiet except for the previously mentioned sirens from the nearby hospital.- Good Aveda products in the bathroom. Nice robes- Excellent location- Bottled water was usually available on the front deskThe not so good:- I checked in at noon and they allowed an early check-in. They gave me a disabled room without asking if this was OK. In the past, other hotels have always asked if this was OK. I believe the front desk should have asked.- I paid extra for a suite upgrade and requested a junior suite with two king beds. That's just what I got. The room was very long with two king beds, a desk/chair, a cabinet with three drawers, and a cabinet with two shelves/mini-fridge. That's all the furniture in a junior suite? Maybe this was because the room was for the disabled, but the only chair was a desk chair. There was plenty of room for a sofa or easy chair.- Be aware that rooms with two king beds only exist on the first 7 floors. If you notice from the outside, the hotel has setbacks on floor 8 so the only place with enough room for the 2 king rooms is on the first 7 floors. (You do get two elevators that only serve floors 1 - 7 so there never was a wait.)- I don't know if there are doors/shower curtains on the showers in non-disabled rooms, but my room had an open shower. The bathroom floor was pretty wet by the time I finished showering.- The sensors on the automatic revolving front door didn't work well. Frequently the door stopped while I was still in the door. (No, I didn't touch the door!) I finally learned I just needed to push the door when it stopped - it wouldn't re-start automatically- Hopefully they will re-pour new sidewalks when all the scaffolding is gone. There are a lot of potholes in their entrance concrete- There was no listing of services in the room - just a note mentioning the restaurant remodeling and the delivery available from nearby restaurants. There was a pillow menu on the bed, but no mention of the other Affinia services that are mentioned on their web site- One weekday morning I did find coffee/tea/rolls in the lobby. However, the rolls were really stale. Nice selection of tea, though.- While I could always get fairly warm water in the shower, the water was never really hot. Decent pressure, though.Would I stay again? Yes, if the price were right. I suspect their prices will rise when the the remodeling is finished. Since I'm a price shopper, I'd gladly stay at the Courtyard by Marriott down the street (St. Clair) if the price was better. I still wouldn't hesitate to stay at the Affinia if they had a good price.	
Apr 23 2008 	Terrific Hotel!	Thanks to everyone who sent in reviews; it really helped me in choosing this hotel. As others have recently noted, the hotel remodel is incomplete but once done, it will be a terrific hotel. The staff was very nice, the rooms immaculate and cheery, and the bathroom had really nice Aveda products. The shower was wonderful, too!Thank you, Affinia Hotel, for making my girls getaway weekend really special.	
Apr 21 2008	Super Affinia	My husband and I just got back from a one night stay at the super lovely Affinia in Chicago. From the moment we arrived, the hotel was a true joy. The construction is still happening as mentioned below, but it absolutely did not affect our stay. The room was beautiful. We booked through the Travelzoo promotion so we got a great rate, and they even upgraded us to a suite! The nicest part of our stay was the staff. Graham, Marisol, Pedro, Christine and the parking valet (who's name I can't recall) were all extremely helpful, very nice and a real pleasure to do business with! Believe it all, it is all true!The location is Great too!I deffinately will recommend this hotel to friend and family.	
Apr 21 2008 	Great Deal!!!	We booked our stay in March through Travelzoo like so many other reviewers. Because of the great deal, we were a little wary about the state of the hotel during construction. That wariness turned out to be completely unnecessary! The entrance to the hotel IS a mess - there is scaffolding, uneven sidewalks, mud, wet paint in the lobby, etc., but this really didn't make any difference to my husband or me. The only annoying thing about the construction was that we were forced to use two separate sets of slooow elevators every time we went to our room. Otherwise, the price and the newly remodeled rooms were definitely worth the cost of walking through a little construction in the entrance. The rooms are all updated with a very clean and stylish feel to them. We stayed in the studio suite, which was very spacious and very comfortable. The flat panel TV that swivels around from bedroom to living room definitely kept my husband entertained for a while. The view from our room - on the 19th floor I think - was a great view right down a street that runs parallel to Mich Ave.The fact that the restaurant and bar aren't open made no difference to us whatsoever. There are tons of restaurants extremely close nearby, and if you want room service, they provide all the rooms with a menu from a delivery service for area restaurants. Also, the lobby was always stocked with complimentary bottles of water and snacks. The location cannot be beat - it is about a block away from Michigan Ave, and about 1/2 a block to Neiman-Marcus and Sak's. It's literally right in the middle of everything. Also, every single employee of the hotel was extremely friendly and helpful. We are not the typical guests because we were in town visiting several friends, and often visit Chicago, so we didn't need as many recommendations about getting to Navy Pier, etc., but if you do need that information, they are very knowledgeable and willing to offer tips. We loved our stay so much that I convinced my sister to book the hotel a few weeks later, and she also was extremely satisfied. Once the new restaurant and rooftop bar are opened, this hotel is going to be one of the best deals in Chicago.	
Apr 19 2008 	A short but sweet visit	We've just returned from a two night stay at the Affinia Chicago and our visit was delightful. Thanks to tripadvisor reviews we were prepared for the major construction work on the facade and entrance..it was a mess. And the hotel restaurant and bar remain incomplete and unavailable. Even parts of the lobby had &quot;wet paint&quot; stickers. All these things could have made for a disappointing stay.Not so!! Although we arrived very early in the day our suite was ready along with a most warm and gracious greeting from the front desk staff. After just a few minutes we felt like we were &quot;at home.&quot; The suite on the 25th floor, with a fab view along a wall of windows, was sparkling fresh and clean. The bathroom lighting was outstanding and led to my bride of nearly 50 years saying that it made her look younger...she was right! Everything in and about the room was &quot;like-new&quot; and very stylish. As a visitor we appreciated the very convenient location just a few steps from the Magnificient Mile and all of its ambiance. Thanks to a dedicated and gracious staff, a fantastic location, and chic decorating elements, this hotel can and will be our future hotel of choice in Chicago. The stay was short..but sweet.	
Apr 15 2008 	Fantastic boutique hotel in heart of Magnificent Mile	My fiance and stayed at the Affinia Chicago from 4/4/08 to 4/8/08. I had booked a Travelzoo special for $99/night including free valet parking, so this was a great deal to start.First off, some part of the lobby and the sidewalk in front of the hotel were undergoing renovation as there is scaffolding setup in front. This does not make for a pretty sight, but the front desk staff/valet/housekeeping staff are all super friendly and helpful. We checked in a little early, and yes, they gave us a nice room facing south on a high floor. The room was immaculate, clean, and the bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom, as others have pointed out, was stunning as well in red wall color. There was a small fridge, nice desk, and great LCD TV. We had a nice quiet room, but THIS WAS OUR FIRST TIME TO CHICAGO, and even as high as we were, you could hear the fire department/ambulance sirens going off what seemed to be every couple hours or so.We especially loved the location. You are literally a 1/2 block away from Michigan Ave/Miracle Mile, and you are basically right in the center of it all. Gino's East pizza is literally 15 steps from the front door of the hotel, and you have Giordano's pizza just 2 blocks away. WE WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND A THAI PLACE basically on Rush street called The Silver Spoon... the prices were very reasonable, and their Pad Talay (seafood mix) and drinks were awesome.The valet service was pretty efficient, just have to call about 10 minutes before leaving your hotel room, and it was always there waiting for us. The bus stops and subway are also within pretty close walking distance. NOTE: We took a free trolley down to Navy Pier off of MIchigan Ave, but you literally could walk to Navy Pier... maybe a good 20-25 minute walk, but the weather was nice, and it was a nice walk back to the hotel. We even walked to the Chicago Art Museum... it is not THAT far... again, maybe a good 25 minute walk... you can always take the bus back ($2/one-way).The restaurant/bar were not opened yet when we there, but who cares!~ There are so many places to eat/drink nearby. Besides, we didn't spend too much time in our room anyways, but when we were there, it was an extremely comfortable and CLEAN place to stay.We highly, highly recommend this little gem of a hotel... if we ever go back to Chicago, I would definitely stay at this place.. especially if you get a great Travelzoo.com rate (click on Chicago under Hotels at their website to see what's available). When all of the renovations are done, and the restaurant/bar are open, this will definitely be a terrific place to stay.	
Apr 15 2008 	Could not have been more satisfied	Prior to booking my 3 night stay at the Affinia Chicago, I was a little hesitant about the Affinia, so I did my research to make sure that my Incredibly low rate that I found on Travel Zoo was not too good to be true. I could not have been more pleasantly surprised!! The guest rooms have just been re-done to look modern, chic and pristine. The rooms and bathrooms are VERY spacious and comfortable!! The staff could not have been friendlier or more accommodating, better service then I have experienced in any 5 star hotel I have stayed at in the past. The location is in the middle of Michigan ave. and the major downtown attractions, perfect for first timers to Chicago (like myself). Every request was fulfilled and every expectation surpassed!! Although this chic, urban, boutique hotel does not include resort style amenities (and yes the lobby is still under construction) I didn't even notice these shortcomings because I was so impressed with the rooms, service and PERFECT location!!	
Apr 14 2008 	Loved my stay at the Affinia	Recently my daughter and I stayed for a week at the Affinia in Chicago. I booked it after reading the glowing reviews and I was not disappointed! The location is excellent, close to Michigan Ave and only a few blocks to the subway station. The room was lovely. Tastefully decorated and very comfortable. We even had a recliner in our living area! The TV was a flatscreen and could be swiveled so we could see it from the bed or the living area, very clever. We really appreciated the makeup station outside the bathroom, it even came equipped with a makeup mirror, nice touch. The beds were comfortable and housekeeping was perfect. They changed our sheets every day and we had no problem getting enough towels! The hotel staff was exceptionally friendly. Every single one made us feel welcome and important. They even helped us navigate the CTA by printing us routes to our destination. One very big plus was that there are not a lot of rooms on each floor so it is nice and quiet. I felt as if I was the only one staying here despite the fact that the lobby was busy and I knew differently.Construction. I have to admit that the lobby construction did not inconvenience me in the slightest. That being said, I do have some suggestions to how it might have been better presented. I would have temporarily painted the area out side the elevators going to the lobby. The walls looked dingy and unimpressive; not at all compatible with the rooms. I would also have installed temporary baseboards to give the hotel a more polished look, even if just for a short time. Also, I would never have posted signs on computer paper, writen in marker and affixed to the walls with tape; it looked tacky. Instead, I would have custom made temporary signs to indicate directions to the lobby. These signs are inexpensive, easy to obtain, and they would have looked much more professional than the hand made signage. Finally, I would suggest that doors be shut to unfinished areas. It looked shabby to walk by. If I wasn't a guest, and was taking a quick peek, I would not be inclined to book a room.Finally, I have some suggestions regarding the lack of restaurant and the no weclome drink which was promised. It is completely understandable that give the construction, the hotel could not offer its daily breakfast spread. I do feel that some attempt should have been made to counteract that inconvenience. Muffins and juice somewhere? Also, a welcome 1/2 bottle of wine would be nice with a letter apologizing for any inconvenience. The in room information is old and refers to a now non-existant pool. I would update that information AS SOON as the rooms were completed. I would not have allowed the rooms to be used until everything in the room was finished. I come from the hospitality field and the preceeding comments are details I would have made to make the experience even better than it already was!By all means though, stay at the Affinia. It was a great experience and I will return here again, hopefully soon!	
Apr 10 2008 	In love with Affinia	I had the pleasure of spending the weekend at the Affinia Chicago. It is in the middle of renovation but you wouldn't know it when you are in your room. The staff was excellent, very helpful in giving us suggestions for eating and any other entertainment. They never seemed bothered to answer our questions. The beds were the most comfortable Ive ever slept in. The room was spotless and had a unique retro decor. I highly recomend staying here, you wont be disappointed.	
Apr 8 2008 	Excellent Stay	Got in on the Travelzoo promotion for this hotel. We are Chicagoans’ and thought it would be fun to play tourist for the weekend; I could not have picked a better hotel. I agree with other reviews that once this hotel completes it renovation it will be the little gem off of the Mag Mile. I have never met a friendlier staff at a hotel. I noticed they ask each patron the purpose of their stay upon check in and then make suggestions accordingly. Our only request, was to get a room on an upper floor with a &quot;view&quot;. We arrived before the scheduled check in so Annie (reception) took my cell phone number and called me within and hour with availability. Boy did she deliver! We were upgraded to a Jr. Suite, at no additional charge, on the 25th floor facing south. FYI this building only has windows facing north and south as they are in the middle of an east/west street. Thus your best views will be &quot;in the front&quot; facing south. No restaurant or bar in the building yet, but hardly something to complain about; so many choices within a block. Those who complain about this hotel, even while under construction, are crazy! Good job Affinia and welcome to Chicago.	
Apr 4 2008	Delightful	Staff was so helpfu land the rooms are so beautiful I am ready to redecorate my whole house. The beds are to die for. I have sent several friends from Cincinnati and Chicago as well and they shared my same experience.You will not be disappointed. The location is great as well.	
Mar 31 2008 	Nice Hotel as is. Will be brilliant when completed.	We stayed at the Affinia on March 18th - 20th, 2008. At the time of booking the Hotel, I requested a queen/queen room on a high floor. We arrived at about 10:45 AM, and a room was already ready. The room they gave us was on the 4th floor ( out of about 22 ) or so. I'm not sure if they had people staying in the upper floors because of the construction, but I have a suspicion that had we checked in at the regular time, a room matching our preferences may have been given to us. If true, it would have been nice to give us the option to check in early or leave our bags and come back in a few hours when a higher room was available. However, this is of no consequence as our room was lovely. Had we asked to be moved, we probably would have been accommodated anyways. We had a queen/queen room along the front side of the hotel facing south, and we had a great view straight down St. Clair street. Our room did not have the steps down into the living area like so many reviews on this site talk about, which was a little disappointing, but the view made up for it. I'm not sure if only suites have the dual level rooms or what, but don't get your hopes up like I did and expect this, because not every room has this feature. The room decor was contemporary with the dark floors and furniture contrasting with the white linens and walls with orange and green bed accents. It had nice 32&quot; (?) LCD flat screen TV, as well as a reading chair, a desk with another rolling chair, and a separate cabinet with a mini fridge. The small window on the far left actually cranked open, which we enjoyed. However, we noticed that the window frames and caulk were definitely not part of the renovation as they were slightly disgusting. The bathroom was stunning! The red wallpaper was crazy, and there was a HUGE walk-in shower. The mirror with the circle of light surrounding was cool as well. Inside were Aveda products (which housekeeping did not restock for day 2) and a pair of dimming lights: one above the shower and one in the toilet area. In the closet was a couple of robes, an iron and board, and a safe, all of which we did not use. There was also an automatic motion sensor light that turned on when you walked past and the doors were closed, which was a neat feature. The staff was very friendly and helpful, but I don't feel like they lived up to the reputation from previous reviews. We had to carry our own bags up to our room because the doorman / bellman completely overlooked us as we arrived. Both doormen were pleasant, but neither greeted us by name like in other reviews. One did hail a cab for us with his whistle on the way out, which we got a kick out of. I don't think the bellman talked to us once our entire stay. The front desk was helpful, and one gentleman even printed a March Madness bracket off for me, but sometimes when we came back in, they wouldn't even say hello. For the last part of our trip, we stayed at the Hotel Monaco, and our experiences with the staff there offered a stark contrast. Not to say that the Affinia crew was bad because they were great, but they just didn't go that extra mile. This is something they should strive towards. One thing I must comment on is the pillow menu. Try the sound pillow, which connects to an MP3 player to softly lull you to sleep. We also tried the magnetic pillow, which I did not enjoy. We knew about the ongoing construction going into our stay, and for the price we paid, it was definitely NOT an issue. We also appreciated the refreshments available in the lobby for the guest as an apology for the efforts. The hotel will be a real gem when completed.	
Mar 29 2008	Under Construction	We connected to Affinia Chicago thorugh a city websight. The deal was fair for a downtown hotel on the main drag with an attractiion included. There was information out there that the hotel was being overhauled although we did not pay much attention to that. They are currently under major construction. They will be a little late of their projections in the finish date. I must say that the staff tried very hard to make our stay comfortable under very difficult circumstances. The room was complete and was good. It had a very nice bathroom. The main lobbie and all hotel amenities are totally unfinished drywall with no food, drink, or rest room opportunities. The construction guys did their best to limit activity and noise to after 9:00am. I think this will be a good one once they are done. As of the end of May, they have a way yet to go.	
Mar 25 2008 	A great central hotel	I found this hotel excellent. The bar and restaurant are being done up at the moment which is the only downside. However its location is excellent, staff are pleasant and helpful, rooms are large and have fridge, iron, dressing gowns and wide screen tv and more. A very enjoyable experience	
Mar 19 2008 	One of my worst hotel experiences	Be very suspicious of the glowing reviews you get on these websites (phonies). Trust me, this place is under construction --- big time. How can anyone rate this as the best hotel he/she has ever been, when it has no restaurant, there are wet paint signs, there is scaffolding above the entrance, cracked sidewalks to navigate to get in (careful in heels, ladies!). Not even a vending machine to get a bottle of water. Oh, did I mentioned that from 1:15 am through 7:00 am there is construction going on, drills, pounding. I didn't sleep a wink. I'm NOT kidding.I got charged for a movie I didn't order.They were nice enough to comp my stay (I think). My stay was for business, so maybe its a great area for shopping, bars. But otherwise . . .On the bright side, the rooms seemed clean. People were nice. Maybe when it's done the hotel will be really nice. But for now, how can I rate this place other than terrible. My fixtures shook because of the pounding. Come on!	
Mar 18 2008 	Lovely Stay	After reading the reviews &amp; getting an excellent rate through travelzoo, I decided to give this hotel a try. I must say it was a great choice! The location is perfect, just off from N Michigan Ave, walking distance from everything. The staff was very helpful and friendly, and the room was excellent. They gave us a corner room w/a great view. As many have posted, the bed &amp; pillows were very comfortable (I am very picky about that). I slept well every night! The renovation is almost done &amp; did not bother us one bit. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Mar 17 2008 	Great Hotel; Only to Get Bettwe After Renovations	I would not recommend paying a lot of money to stay there right now. I got a $129 travelzoo promo that included free valet parking and felt I got a great deal. There is no restaurant, no bar, no room service, no lobby even, no ice, no mini bar and lots of construction. However, the rooms are great (totally renovated), clean, new and comfortable. I got a 2 King room with a huge bathroom. Beds were very comfortable. Located next door to Gino's East and Nieman Marcus off of Michigan Avenue.Friendly staff. Good experience. Highly recommend.	
Mar 16 2008	Another Great Stay at Affinia!	After celebrating our engagement back at the Affinia 50 in NYC, we were pleased to have been just as happy with the Affinia 50. We received the travelzoo.com discount so only paid $90 for a stunning room on the 23rd floor with a view of the John Hancock Tower. Being a designer, I appreciated all the colorful details to the rooms plus the beds are incredible. We made a point to come back early just for nap, even though we were in Chicago! I additionally like the split level room layout of our king bed unit, making it spacious for the floor to ceiling height. Cons because of renovation: The elevator stopped on every floor on our decent. The reception staff apologized since they are working on it. The bar, gym and lounge wasn't available yet but should be complete by the end of March.Some pros: the reception actually read our online request for a room with a view and gave us a free upgrade on our already discounted unit to the king bed. Second, we got in via train at 9am but they let us check in that early for the same rate! This is exactly why we were thrilled to stay there and always want to return to the Affinia brand.	
Mar 15 2008 	Loved this hotel!!	We visited for my 40th birthday. We had never been to Chicago so was not sure where to stay. Found the deal on this hotel from Travelzoo. Great rate, staff was awesome, very helpful and nice, location was great. Enjoyed our stay but still like NYC better. Great, great hotel. Would stay again.	
Mar 11 2008 	Simply Wonderful!	We stayed at the Affinia in February and had a wonderful stay! My daughter was interviewing at Northwestern University, just a block away, so location was my first priority. We fell in love with the hotel--don't know if we'll be able to afford to stay here once the renovations are complete, so I'm glad that we chose it for this trip.The staff is wonderful. They were always friendly and concerned that we had everything we needed. If you had any questions, they were always helpful. The front lobby was still under construction, but no worries. They supplied bottled water and snacks because the restaurant is not yet finished. We didn't have to change elevators, as others mentioned, so that part of the renovation must be done.The room was terrific. When I booked it, I was told it was a junior suite--it was huge! An &quot;office area&quot; with a desk was located just inside the door. A few steps down from that was a large sitting area, with a couch, chair, refrigerator that was hidden inside a cabinet and a large tv that was swivelled so that you could either turn it towards the sitting area or the bed area. The king bed was soooo inviting and comfortable, with lamps on either side of the headboard. You could order several different kinds of pillows, including magnetic pillows and ones that would hook up to your i-Pod so that you could listen to music through your pillow. The couch pulled out for sleeping, but my daughter and I camped out on the king-sized bed since my husband couldn't make the trip with us. Therefore, I can't vouch for the comfort of the pull-out couch. The bathroom was small, but very comfortable. And the room just off the bathroom contained a lighted magnifying mirror. There was an ironing board and iron in the closet, along with a hair dryer and bathrobes. The closet also contained a safe. Every room was spotless. Our room was located next to the elevator, and you could hear it when you were in the bathroom. But we weren't bothered by it during the night. In fact, it was very quiet in the room we stayed in. We didn't hear any others coming or going.But the best part of the room were the windows, which ran along the entire wall of the room! We looked out onto N. St. Clair Street from the 21st floor. It was beautiful at night. The hotel is just a block from Michigan Avenue and an easy walk to lots of places to eat and shop. My daughter went to the Elephant and Castle Pub for a drink one night, so I was surprised when the hotel gave us a voucher to go there for breakfast. The menu was small, but the food was good. And I'll be back there for a drink the next time I'm in town.All in all, we had a great stay. My daughter loved the hotel and I know that she'd stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Mar 10 2008 	Loved the Affinia	We just returned from a weekend in Chicago. We had a great time--despite the cold. The Affinia was the perfect place for us to stay. Excellent location. The room (studio suite) was large, modern, colorful, and clean. The bed was a bit small but very comfy. The large screen TV was a nice touch. The construction wasn't a big deal, esp. with the discount and free parking. The elevators were slow, and we had to switch to get to our room, but again, not a major inconvienence. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They recommended the West Egg for breakfast, which is close by, and we loved it. We had massages, and they probably should have their own massuese on staff rather than working with an outside company, but it was very relaxing.We would definitely stay at the Affinia again.*Gino's next door is a nice place for dinner.	
Mar 9 2008 	Outstanding Staff Amazing Room!	My daughter and I stayed here from March 7th to 9th to celebrate her birthday! This is hands down the best hotel room I have ever stayed in. Ever. The room was huge. We had a Studio Suite that came equiped with a huge flat screen TV, a fridge, a safe, upper level desk area, a couch and ottoman. There was plenty of lighting, even cute little reading lamps on each side of the headboard. Our bed was so comfortable, I didn't want to get up and go out in the cold!The hotel is still under going construction, but all of the rooms have been completed. The lobby area is under major construction and consist of a reception desk only. So basically, the only place you can hang out at in the Hotel right now is your room, but what an amazing room it is. The very best thing about staying at The Affinia is the staff. Everyone bent over backwards to make sure we had a great visit. They greeted us by name and asked if we needed anything everytime they saw us. We asked for ice, (there is no vending right now) and it was literally in our room in 2 minutes. The young lady at the front desk, whom we saw everyday, was extremely sweet and helpful. ( I wish I could remember her name. I do remember she said her last name is hard to pronounce) A really great guy at the front desk, helped me with our boarding passes, and by request told my daughter and I the ending of a pay -per -view movie we had fallen asleep during the night before!! Do not hesitate to book here!Thanks Affinia staff , we had a great time!	
Mar 9 2008 	Great Place - But some issues with our stay	We knew the hotel was under a serious renniovation going in, so we expected the construction mess and noise. It was only a minor detraction - the lobby was torn up and the elveators were under maintenance requiring guests to transfer to a different elevator if they were going higher than the 7th floor. The great discount was worth the construction hassle. We requested a room on a high floor when we reserved and again when we checked in and were told no guests were staying above the eighth floor. This was puzzling and bothersome as all week we saw people staying on the 12th, 19th and 25th floors - and ended up on the 10th floor ourselves. Our first room was on the 8th floor - a Studio Suite looking out at the Hancock building and a couple other skyscrapers. There was a section of roof right outside our window with gigantic generators that were unsightly...but seemed quiet enough at the time so we didn't worry too much about it. There was a construction office directly next to us which we also weren't too concerned about. The room was cold and after blasting the heat all night never warmed up. The thermostat said 75 but it was no warmer than the mid 60s. Our room was also lacking a refrigerator and the remote control didn't work. After waking up freezing the next morning to the sound of a 7am buzz saw from the construction office next door, we asked if we could move to another room. We ended up a couple doors down where we had the pleasure of a refrigerator and heat. This room was very similar but the added ammenities helped - even tho there was no view whatsoever this time - excpet the same generators we were facing last time without the hancock. We were happy...until we took an afternoon nap. Unfortunately...the generator outside our window kicked on as we laid down and was very loud to the point ear plugs and pillows over the head wouldn't deafen it. So we moved again...to the 10th floor. Finally, we had heat, a fridge, a remote, and quiet. The hotel uses a 3rd party internet provider that was a pain to get set up. After paying i lost my connection and couldn't get it back and had to call the 1 800 number. After the first night it worked perfectly for the next 3. They also use a 3rd party valet (with geno's?) and when we checked out it took nearly a half hour to get our car. The parking was free with the promotion...but it still took forever. So that was somewhat of a nightmare...we travel a lot and rarely switch rooms, and have never switched twice. There is a reason we request high floors and had we been put on a higher floor initially our stay would have probably been perfect. On to the positives... With the exception of the &quot;8th floor&quot; debacle, The desk staff and bellmen at the Affinia are top notch. They could not have been friendlier and more accommodationg. They were understanding throughout our moves and apologetic. The bellmen were friendly and prompt. I can't say enough about the staff. Secondly, the rooms themselves are really great. The studio suites are big and comfortable. Very modern ammenities and fixtures, very clean and spacious. We were very comfortable and satisfied with the room itself. Finally...the location is perfect. If you're looking for the Michigan Ave experience, the Affinia is perfect. So, in the end we just wish we could have been on a higher floor like we requested and still don't understand the double standard. The hotel and staff is really great and the rooms are wonderful. We would consider giving them another chance....despite all the problems...hopefully under better conditions!	
Mar 8 2008 	Great birthday weekend	We have stayed in just about every nice Hotel near Michigan Avenue, the Four Seasons, The Ritz, The Park Hyatt, The Peninsula, etcWe thought we would be adventurous after reading the reviews of the Affinia I loved the location of this hotel It is less than a block to Michigan Avenue and next to Gino's East. The room (we had a suite) was quite large, with a &quot;work&quot; area after you enter, then steps to a large area with a pull-out couch, a chair, refrigerator, and large flat screen tv.. As you step past this you move into the bedroom area with a large king-size bed (the mattress was VERY comfortable). I loved the Aveda products in the bath (though the wallpaper was a bit &quot;too much fuscia&quot; for me. There is no restaurant yet. It will be nice to have that and room service.The lobby was a mess, but we were only there to walk through to the room. The only problem we saw (though not a big deal) was that we had to wait on the elevators everytime.For the price, this was an incredible deal.	
Mar 7 2008 	Loved It!	We stayed at the Affinia Chicago over New Years Weekend checking in on December 29th and leaving on January 1st. This was my 2nd trip to Chicago and DH's 1st. We just loved the hotel. You must try some of their specialty pillows- magnetic was my favorite. We were higher up, can't remember what floor in a newly renovated room. The room was kind of small, but worked fine for the two of us. It would have been tight if there was another couple.Location was great! Chicago is SO SPREAD OUT so no hotel is central to everything. From this hotel we walked Magnificent Mile and to Navy Pier (although the outside stuff was closed- Winter Wonderland was operating inside). We took the bus down to Soldier Field, the Field Museum, and the Aquarium. Missed the Planetarium on this trip. Took a cab down to the Natural Science Museum.All food options were still closed due to renovations, but other than that we the workers didn't affect us. Staff was great and gave us some really wonderful restraurant suggestions.	
Mar 6 2008 	Great location!	Got a special on this hotel while they're doing construction. It was a little hard to find because of the construction and the hallway where the elevators were was unsightly, but who cares! Great deal because the location of this hotel is awesome (one block from the Magnificent Mile). Flat screen TVs and a pillow menu (hypoallergenic, sound, down, etc.). They even have special kits (we used the BYOB kit to enjoy a bottle of wine that we brought). They had nice perks (free water and chips on check-in) too. Valet parking is available for a price. I would definitely stay here again if prices aren't too ridiculous after construction is done.	
Mar 3 2008 	more ups than downs	First, because of the renovations being done here there are some awesome deals available for this hotel. We took advantage of Travelzoo's $99 with free parking. With parking running about $50 at most hotels in Chicago, this deal is amazing. We upgraded to a junior suite.The room was huge, with lots of windows, lots of bathroom space to get ready, a fridge and business area with desk.The TV is conveniently located in the middle of the room and can be turned either towards the couch or bed.The bathroom amenities were very nice Aveda products, and soft, plush towels.But, there were some definite negatives, if you go here expecting perfection, you will be disappointed.For one our furnace never worked properly, the room was freezing!! We called down, and they explained how to restart the furnace. Well, it was pretty obvious why it was not working, it was absolutely disgusting!! I do not think the filter has been changed in this century. Waking up freezing during the night to restart a furnace is in no way a plus.This hotel is also located next door to Northwestern hospital. The constant ambulance noise even on the 14 th floor, when not waking me up, had me dreaming I was in lots of accidents.Also, if you are on any floor above 7, which just about everyone is, means changing elevators. Hopefully after renovations this will change.If you find a good deal on this property, go for it. Just don't expect perfection.	
Feb 26 2008	Spectacular Hotel	I stayed at the Affinia Chicago for 3 days and 2 nights. This was my first visit to chicago and my experience at this hotel made me want to return as soon as possible. Talk about what you see is what you get. After reviewing the pictures on the hotels website, i decided to book this hotel. I was a bit nervous when i found out the hotel was still under construction, and because i've stayed at hotels before and they were nothing like what was advertised. I hoped the rooms looked as good as they did on the internet...They were even better. The bathroom was very big and the room was clean and fresh, i did not want to leave my room. The bed is huge and not to mention comfortable. My husband could not stop talking about the swedish memory pillows that we requested. The staff is very friendly and they try to meet your needs the best way they can. I got everything i requested. I got my kingsize bed, a room with a view, high floor..It was just AWESOME....I am already planning my next visit for the summer and there is no question about where i will be staying.. The Affinia..	
Feb 25 2008	Give them a shot you won't be sorry!	PAMPERED! My husband and I have travelled for 20 years worldwide for business and pleasure. This place, hands down, was the best hotel in 20 years. Large Rooms. Clean Carpets! (When is the last time you could wear your white socks in your hotel room?) Comfortable Beds! Quiet Elevators. No problem hearing your neighbors or their children through paper thin walls. Not even in the bathroom! Gorgeous Views! And the staff, they can't do enough for you. They carry your bags, fetch things for you, hail your cabs, recommend the ideal place to eat, or visit... Pedro and Daniel knew our names and took care of us all weekend. Graham at the front desk addressed us by name and sent up fresh ice when we came back all weary from a busy day out. They entertained our kids and held our baby as we piled into and out of cabs with luggage and bags... I can't even scratch the surface of how wonderful this place really is! They are a hotel that wants an opportunity to show you how much they have changed. Give them a chance. You won't be sorry!	
Feb 21 2008 	Absolutely Wonderful	Stayed 2/15 - 16 and had a wonderful stay. Staff is very friendly, especially Daniel. Had a Junior Suite that was very comfortable and very eclectic. Room was so comfortable we never felt guilty spending a few extra hours relaxing after many hours of touring Chicago. Loved it so much, several friends and business associates have now made reservations to stay over the next several weeks. Hope the rates don't climb too high after renovations are completed.	
Feb 19 2008 	Great Stay at Affinia	My husband and I stayed at The Affinia Hotel last weekend and were very surprised at how nice it was. Check in was fast &amp; the staff was very friendly . The room was fairly large with a king size bed. The bathroom was very large with modern fixtures. We had a good view of the Hancock Tower from our room. Location was great -just 1 block off of Michigan Ave. We already have reservations to come back in April!!	
Feb 19 2008 	Wonderful in every way!!	We stayed at the Affinia through the Travelzoo deal ($99/night + free parking) and couldn't have been more impressed. The lobby was gorgeous (maybe a little small but who cares - it's the lobby). The staff was gracious, polite and accomodating. The doorman offered to get us a cab and sincerely asked us about our adventures. The desk staff offered to find us reservations or directions. We were pampered! The room exceeded our expectations. We even loved the &quot;white noise&quot; options on the alarm clock. Being next door to a medical center we worried the sirens might disrupt our sleep but the white noise completely canceled out any street noise.While room service would have been nice, we didn't miss it at all with Gino's next door, wonderful dining on Michigan Avenue just steps away and Walgreens around the corner, we had everything we needed.The location was especially convenient. The hotel was in between wonderful shopping on Michigan Avenue, Water Tower Place, the 900 Shops and the John Hancock Tower. We were in love with this hotel and hope we can afford to stay there when the construction is complete in March (speaking of construction, we barely even noticed it).Even parking is convenient. We had free parking through Travelzoo (which saved us about $40/night) but there is a parking ramp across the street.This hotel made our first Valentine's together special.	
Feb 15 2008	Great Staff 	I had read all the reviews written about this hotel and most were good, but they really did not do the hotel justice. Affinia is a wonderful hotel. Yes they do have construction going on and the lobby is small but the staff and the quality of the rooms more than made up for that. We had a group of 14 stay Feb.8-10th with all diffrent styles of rooms thru the travelzoo special. Some had the standard rooms which just have a shower( but a huge walk in shower) or the studio suite which was just as big and spacious as the junior suite which both had a bath tub in place of the walk in shower. All the rooms were great, very clean and comfortable. The hotel have no resturant but across the street in chicago place there is a Mcdonalds &amp; a food court. A short distance away is a nice sit down breakfast place call West-Egg, very good food. Walgreens is right around the corner. This hotel is, at the most, 300 feet from michigan ave. Chicago Place, &quot;900&quot; the shopping store and Macy's, Disney store, on and on and on, are all at your foot stool if you stay here. Wonderful location. The staff was GREAT our group had ages from 9yrs. to 80yrs. and they were all catered to like they were the only ones at the hotel everyone felt welcome and special, it was awsome. One of the persons in our group wanted a handicap room, which we thought was going to be on the ground floor but it was not, so he was upset at first, but when he saw his room and experienced the stay he was happy and already is making plans to return in May. The only draw back is the elevator system its sort of crazzy, you have to use two diffrent elevators to get to certain floors, that was weird.	
Feb 4 2008 	Nervous at first but WOW!!	We found this hotel on Travel Zoo for a quick weekend get away with our two boys and were a little nervous because we saw that it was going through a rennovation. But the price was hard to pass on ($99/night) and it had free parking (normally $40/day), so we bit the bullett. WOW! What a pleasant surprise. From the staff, to our room, to the location. Everything overshot our expectations. We paid the extra $20 to upgrade to a suite and it was worth it. The room was spacious and decorated contemporary, yet very comfortable. My wife loved the Aveda bath products and our boys enjoyed the view and the extra room. I worry that once the renovation is completed in March, we will not be able to afford staying here, but I am glad we had the opportunity and encourage anyone else to take advantage of the reduced rate now while it is still going on.	
Feb 4 2008 	All I can say is AWESOME!	From the moment we arrived at the Affinia Chicago, we were impressed! Staff was WONDERFUL and so helpful.We arrived at about 2:00pm and were able to check in immediately. Being that we are visitors to the Windy City, we asked the staff if they could recommend a restaurant that would serve us well, give us great food and allow us to make it to our show (Wicked) on time (8:00pm). The staff gave a few recommendations and offered to call the restaurant in order to make reservations for us. Being that it was a Saturday night, we weren't too sure we could get in. Well, they did it! We had our reservations for the Capital Grill and were even comped an appetizer! WOW!The staff was always great to us... greeting us as we came and went, making suggestions of restaurants (which were all fabulous), arranging for transportation and keeping our bags safe after we checked out so that we could shop without being loaded with our bags. GREAT SERVICE!!I have read a few reviewers who complain about the fact that there is no restaurant right now - since they are renovating..... With all the great restaurants within blocks, there really is no need to worry about the fact that there is no restaurant on site.The rooms are simply MARVELOUS! They are beautiful and tastefully decorated! The beds are the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in and our pillows were great too! Robe in the room... Aveda bath products..... Fridge in the room (to keep your free bottled water cold in)...... what more could you ask for?I would highly recommend this to anyone!The only problem? We were only there for one night!	
Feb 3 2008 	great service and rooms	we chose this hotel in chicago because of the great deal that is on travelzoo. the remodeled rooms were terrific. we were greeted every time we came in or left the hotel, along with being offered water or snacks. we knew that the restaurant and bar were not in service. but that was ok, there is a gino's pizza next door. it is very close to shopping and lots of choices of restaurants. the beds were very comfortable, and they give you a choice of different kinds of pillows. we will go back there again. my only complaint is that we didn't see the sign for the hotel right away it was obsecured by the scafolding in front of the building.but that was a small problem.	
Jan 30 2008 	Excellent Hotel in Chicago	Recently completed a one (1) night stay at the Affinia Chicago Hotel and would highly recommend this hotel to anyone coming to Chicago for either business or pleasure. Though, if you are coming for pleasure and are looking for a hotel with a pool, etc. this isn't the property for you - though if you travel here in the summer months, Oak Street Beach is walking distance from the Hotel. However, if you are looking for a great place to stay, that is convenient to Chicago's dining, shopping and entertainment venues the Affinia Chicago would be a perfect choice.The rooms are modern in design and furnishings and the bathrooms are large and have Aveda amenities. At the present time, the hotel doesn't offer room service from an in-house restaurant (which will be open soon) but does have a comprehensive listing of restaurants that are part of CEO Delivers, so that if you don't want to leave the room, you can a meal delivered to you from some of Chicago's best restaurants.Overall the Affinia Chicago is an excellent hotel in a city full of great properties and I will be staying here again.	
Jan 30 2008	Call this a hotel?	We arrived at the Affinia on 17 January, looking forward to the warm snug bar we have been used to when we stayed at the hotel (when it was the Fitzpatrick) on several occasions before. We were dismayed on arrival to find that the extent of the renovations being carried out meant there was:a) no bar; andb) no restaurant or food facilities.The room did not even have a mini bar, so there was no food available and the only drink available was a complimentary botle of mineral water in reception. This is not, by anyone's definition, a hotel. I question whether the &quot;hotel&quot; should be open when its facilites are so bare and so much work is being carried on.The rooms have been nicely redecorated but the appearance of the hotel is very much a mixed bag, with smart alongside shabby. The room's air conditioning is very noisy - too noisy to have on at night (which meant that the inside of the window was frozen over in the morning!). Part of our problem was we had booked through a web-site, hotelsrus.com. That web-site entry stated incorrectly that the hotel had a bar. The hotel point out that their own web-site does accurately reflect the situation. So we were stuffed. Affinia, to cap it all off, decided only to refund us only 1 of the 2 unused nights, even though we had made our complaint at a very early stage.We checked out after just one night, and moved to the InterContinental, to enjoy the normal facilities one would associate with a hotel. A most unsatisfactory situation, all in all.Guests will undoubtedly have a better time when the hotel facilities reopen later in 2008. Anyone planning to stay at the Affinia before then should recognise that the only facility consists of their room, and is advised to check with the hotel directly to see what facilities are, or are not, on offer.But I for one won't be going anywhere near the Affinia Chicago, or any Affinia hotel, again. And I'll be very wary when booking through a 3rd-party web-site, as clearly the information can be very inaccurate (and there is no recompense or help when things go wrong).	
Jan 29 2008 	Where "At Your Service" is more than a slogan!	From the moment that we arrived (at 6 a.m. and after a long COLD evening of travel), we were greeted and treated like royalty from the desk manager, Milton, and staff. We three couples booked the &quot;Adventure&quot; on Travelzoo and were not sure what to expect from a Hotel that was under renovation. Let me tell you that the rooms, comfort of the beds, decor, snacks, attention to detail in directions, suggestions for resturants, shopping and area attractions, anything and everything that we asked of the staff, was all FIRST CLASS! The preformance of 'Wicked' and Devon's seafood resturant were supreme! I was amazed how the staff remembered our names and welcomed us back after each outing. We can hardly wait to return to the 'family' at the Affinia! Milton made our visit extremely Memorable! Thank You!	
Jan 28 2008 	Overly Impressed	My girlfriends and I stayed at the Affinia this past wkend in Chicago. We wanted to stay in a boutique hotel and stayed at the W Lakeshore this past November....We were all so impressed w/ the decor, service (free snacks and water at the front desk - free food always a plus for us), size of the room and huge bathroom. We loved the style of the rooms and all of us were just overly impressed. I guess we just weren't expecting it to be as cool as it was. Besides that, the location is great. right off of Michigan Ave near Neimans and Saks. There is also a Walgreens and Starbucks super close. We all will for sure stay there again....	
Jan 26 2008 	You'll be happy at the Affinia	We just returned from a long week end in Chicago, right off the Magnificent Mile, Michigan Avenue. How did we know it would be a wind chill of -25 degrees? Even with the bitter cold, our hearts were warm as soon as we entered the lobby at the Affinia. The employees are friendly, helpful and efficient. Don't be surprised to be called by your name! Our suite was terrific, albeit the bathroom is small. There is a separate area for make up with a mirror, so that helps. Modern and sleek sofa and lounge chair with a little art deco thrown in for the decor, makes for a stylish room. ALthough the Affinia is under construction to update the entire facility, it didn't bother us at all. We ate breakfast about 1/2 block away, in the Peninsula's coffee shop [try the apricot brioche, you will not be sorry].	
Jan 22 2008	Wonderful experience highly reccommend	My girlfriend and I wanted a weekend away from the kids and family and living in Michigan, Chicago is a great get away. I found this great rate on Travelzoo and thought it was too good of a deal to pass up. I was so impressed. The staff was amazing. They were all so friendly and helpful. The rooms were great. Even though it was freezing cold that weekend we enjoyed our stay. I enjoyed it so much I will be back in March, I have already booked the room. Thanks to everyone at the Affinia... you rock.	
Jan 12 2008 	Great Experience	Stayed at the Chicago Affinia Dec 10 thru Dec 12 and was very impressed with the staff, the room, and the location. Close to shopping and the pizza place next door was great. Of course, there were many other restaraunts nearby as well. I had a little trouble figuring out the heat, but it was fine once I learned how to set it. They were working on the hotel, so we got a great rate. But the work never bothered us. The room was great, with the walk-in shower in the spacious bathroom a wonderful surprise. I would definately stay here again and would recommend to others.	
Jan 9 2008 	LOVED the Affinia	LOVED this hotel. We were fortunate enough to get the Travelzoo rate of $99/night which included free parking! They upgraded us to a junior suite which was beautiful! The staff went out of their way to make sure everything went well during out stay. Can't say enough good things about this hotel . . . and I am picky about my hotels!	
Jan 8 2008 	Great Place to Stay	Took advantage of a great rate offered through Travelzoo and was not disappointed. Some renovation is taking place at the entrance and lobby, and the restaurant is presently closed. The hotel is only one block off the Magic Mile (Michigan Ave), and there is a public parking garage across the street ($36/day)should you decide not to use the hotel's valet parking ($40/day). There are no ice or vending machines on the floors, but the hotel will deliver ice to your room. The rooms were excellent, with great beds and linens, flat screen tv', and a refrigerator. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The hotel will loan out several free packages to help you enjoy your stay in Chicago. We took the waking tour package, which had 50 seperate walking tours detailed, along with apppropriate maps and a pedometer. Would definetly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 5 2008 	Great Hotel for the price...but...	I stayed at the Affinia for TEN DAYS during their construction. The staff was exceptional. The room was fantastic (though the shower left something to be desired). The location is flawless. My only concern is that soon the price will go so high the hotel will be forced to be compared to a four or five star hotel, and I'm afraid the Affinia is not that. I would say it could amount to a 4 star, but to ask prices upwards of $300 a night is outrageous for this boutique. If you're really looking for a bargain you can use several of the online hotel websites to find a great rate for here and several other hotels in the vicinity. I guess in the end this will be the hotel to beat since it is the most recent of all the local competition. And avoid Gino's. It's a tourist trap and not very good. I highly recommend using the ceo delivery food service the hotel will pass on to you. It made my trip. A shout out to Graham on the staff who was extra helpful during my stay.	
Jan 2 2008 	Great Hotel Great Price	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Affinia Chicago over this past weekend and were very impressed. The staff was remarkably helpful and pleasant, even accommodating our early check-in -- they went above and beyond, to say the least. This wonderful hospitality made our trip much more enjoyable and relaxing. The location is also fantastic, literally steps from the heart of Michigan Ave shopping. The rooms are not excessively luxurious, but they are newly renovated, clean, and trendy. The beds are very comfortable, the pillows are very nice, and the room temperature is adjusted easily. All in all it was a very good experience and we will certainly look to stay there again.	
Jan 2 2008	Location location can I say location!!!!!!!!!!	As a Chicago resident, who visits the WinterWonderfest every year, I thought it would be nice to stay overnight in the area after leaving Navy Pier. The location of the Affinia is perfect! 1/2 block off Michigan Avenue and I only had to walk a couple of blocks to catch the free Navy Pier shuttle. The room was sufficient for myself and two 12 yr olds, especially since they were able to hook up their video game to the tv. The doormen, made us feel quite welcome, remembering our names immediately. One even suggested other stores in additional to the usual Niketown visit for the boys. Everything is within walking distance, shopping, dining, movies, bowling, you name it. My only complaint was the heat is dry and I had trouble sleeping. Would I go back?? In a heartbeat, cant wait to see the renovated lounge, restaurant, and rooftop lounge. Oops almost forgot, the elevators are a tad on the slow side.	
Jan 2 2008 	Nice hotel but not great	We got an amazing deal ($99/night included parking) to stay at the Affinia in December of 2007. While the hotel was very nice and clean, I don't think it's a 4-star hotel. The staff was very accomodating and extremely friendly and the rooms were nice. The bed was quite comfortable. Overall, our stay was pleasant, but I wouldn't pay 4-star prices to stay at the Affinia. My only complaints are that housekeeping started knocking on doors at 8AM and the doors to the guest rooms don't do a very good job at keeping out hallway sound. Also, the door on the bathroom has frosted glass, and if someone from your party needs to use the restroom in the middle of the night, the light from the bathroom fills the rest of the guest room.Overall, our stay at the Affinia was enjoyable. I'd stay there again if the price was right. If you're looking for a 4-star hotel in a similar location, I'd stay at the James before the Affinia.	
Jan 2 2008 	Affinia shines through the dust......	Stayed at the Affinia December 29-30, 2007. We were a little apprehensive as we approched the hotel as the outside is boarded up for renovation. Once we stepped inside though, it was great. Granted the lobby is not finished, but the staff was excellent and check in was a breeze. We were also extremely pleased with the the room. Queen size bed, flat screen TV, couch, seperate desk area. The bed and pillows were sooooooo comfortable!The only downsides were that we did not receive a refresh of a bathmat and shampoo for our second night, and the hallways were, I swear, 100 degrees which made waiting for the elevator in our winter coats almost unbearable (We were on the 16th floor).The free bottled water and snacks at the front desk were a nice touch and the Bellman was very, very nice.We wanted to try Gino's for pizza (right next door) but there was always a line outside. I'm not sure if Gino's offered any &quot;priority seating&quot; for Affinia's guests.....I should have asked.We will absolutely stay here again.	
Jan 1 2008 	Best Value/Quality Combination in Chicago!	Off for a (short) romantic getaway to beautiful downtown Chicago this holiday season, I was hopeful for a reasonably-priced hotel in the heart of it all... boy, did I hit the jackpot!Booking on AAA for three weeknights (Dec. 26th - 29th) secured a room for a mere $108 per night (plus applicable taxes). Given the location and quality of the hotel, I was flabbergasted at my good fortune.The Affinia is located on Superior and St. Clair, a half block east of the Magnificent Mile, two blocks south of Water Tower Place and the Hancock Center, and approximately 4 and a half blocks from the red line subway stop at Chicago station (making trips from O'Hare -blue line - or Midway - orange line - very reasonable via public transportation. You can even order CTA passes ahead of time via the internet!). The Affinia staff is always ready and willing to help you secure ground transportation if you need a taxi or information regarding airport shuttle services (not directly provided by the hotel, but they can point you in the right direction). The staff bends over backwards to be welcoming and helpful.To illustrate further: One morning we decided to do a subway/Metra train combination to reach the Science and Industry Museum instead of the #10 bus (probably would have been more convenient, but I digress...) I did not have a Metra schedule with me and in the interest of getting away from work had not brought my laptop on the trip. The desk clerk (in the newly remodeled lobby - just completed during our stay!) pulled up a Metra schedule online and assisted us in catching the right train. Wonderful!Although the renovation is ongoing (the restaurant is next), it did not interfere with our stay. The rooms are all completed and an obvious upgrade in decor is evident. The bed is extraordinarily comfortable, and you can customize your pillow selection simply by calling hotel services. Flat screen LCD TV, fridge, digital combo safe, etc. in our room. Complimentary Aveda products in the bathroom and guest robes in the closet. Four-star amenities at a three-star price.The only issues we experienced... batteries in the remote control died (how picky am I??) - issue was fixed in less than 5 minutes after a call to the front desk. No mirror outside of the bathroom was a minor inconvenience. Also, the room renovation was a bit too evident behind one of the wall panels (the oldest and dirtiest Trane furnace ever made) and a loose panel under the sink in the bathroom.That being said (and again, I'm almost sorry to be that picky), this was the BEST hotel experience I've had in years and was within walking distance to almost everything we wanted to do in the River North / Mag. Mile area (Pops Jazz Club, the Signature Room, etc.) Only disappointment in the immediate area was Gino's East (right next door). Skip it during peak hours (definitely not worth waiting around the corner for). Call ahead and get the deep dish experience in your room - I think you'll be glad you did.Enjoy YOUR Chicago experience!	
Jan 1 2008 	Great Price--Free Parking!	Stayed here Dec 29 - 31 on a spur of the moment trip to Chicago and had a wonderful time. Saw a deal on TravelZoo for $99 per night with free parking and in/out privileges ($40 a day) and I highly recommend staying here. The deal continues through the end of Feb. Read other reviews about the construction and lobby and all of that but we were not bothered by it one bit. The staff were friendly and the bottled water and snacks in the lobby were a nice touch. I would highly recommend this hotel, especially to take advantage of the $99 deal.	
Dec 31 2007 	Good Deal some small issues	My family and I just returned from a very enjoyable 1 night stay at the Affinia. I definitely agree with other recent reviews: great location, friendly staff, great promo deal from web with free parking, and nice renovated rooms. I really liked the renovated room with the modern decor and large wall mounted LCD HDTV. The lobby and restaurant were under construction as expected. I am not sure what they will look like when finished, but the lobby and entrance are very small and need to be updated. There were a few minor housekeeping issues that could be improved. When we arrived, there was leftover food in the refridgerator, no shampoo, and only 1/4 of a roll of toilet paper (they did promptly bring us the necessary items when we asked). The hallway was also a bit messy and needed to be vacuumed. The maid knocked on our door the next morning at 8:50 for cleaning even though we were scheduled to leave that day? We put a &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on door and went out shopping before the 12:00 noon checkout and returned to find the maid had already cleaned the room before we checked out. I suspect this is also what happened when we arrived. Even with these minor housekeeping issues I would stay here again, especially with the promo deal.	
Dec 31 2007 	Great Hotel	My wife &amp; I stayed at the Affinia Chicago for 3 nights (December 18 - 21, 2007). We loved it - The rooms were recently renovated, had very comfortable beds with quality linens, a new bathroom, bathrobes and high quality soap, shampoo and other amenities. The location is fantastic - very close to Michigan Avenue and the shopping district. The staff was very helpful and friendly. We especially appreciated the help we received from Kathleen &amp; Ashley in planning our walking tours.While the hotel's lobby was currently under renovation, it had no impact on our stay - we didn't hear any construction noise from our room. Having a finished lobby is not important to us - we are either in the room or &quot;out and about&quot;. The hotel offered complimentary bottled water and snacks to guests...a nice touch.I strongly recommend the Affinia Chicago - we hope to return again next year for our annual holiday trip to Chicago.	
Dec 31 2007 	Loved Affinia	My husband and I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Affinia. Although the hotel is still undergoing renovation and there is no restuarant/bar amenity, there are so many other pluses about this place that make it a stand out. First, all the staff were very accommodating, second the location is outstanding, and third the room with luxurious bedding made it difficult to get out of bed. We were told that by April a seafood restaurant will be ready--I am sure it too will pay attention to details. We can't wait to return! Also want to comment on restaurant reviews I read at this site--Quartino's was right on. If you love tuna tartare/poke/sushi we did taste tests and enjoyed those appetizers at Bandera, Catch 35 and Roys.	
Dec 28 2007 	Perfect location!	We were pleasantly surprised to find such a gem at an awesome price just 1/2 block east of the Mag Mile (Michigan Avenue), 3 blocks east of Holy Name Cathedral, 2 blocks from the Historic Water Tower park! The lobby, entrance way and elevators are still under construction, but the staff was amazing and our room was completed and it was beautiful-modern design, incredible bed and a great view, which because of the ice build-up we weren't able to enjoy...but the room was tasty warm! A great doorman gave us the name of a nice little place where we could grab a bowl of homemade soup on a freezing day...the SoupBox! The hotel is right next door to Gino's East! We will definitely return...and soon!	
Dec 25 2007 	Wonderful Boutique Hotel	Fabulous hotel in a great location. Just off Michigan Ave within walking distance fo several great shops and restaurants. The room was wonderful and the staff more than friendly and helpful with information about the city. The room we had did not have the promised view, but was still very tastefully funrnished with nice decorative touches. We were more than pleased. Looking forward to seeing the lobby, bar and restaurant when the remodel is complete.	
Dec 24 2007 	Great Location Great remodel Great room. lobby still being renovated	The Affinia Chicago hotel is located one block off the Mag Mile, next to Neiman Marcus, a block away from Tiffany's. GREAT location for shopping and site seeing. Close to Hancock building. Check out the city views from the bar atop Hancock. Ladies, visit the restroom of bar for Fab views of city! The hotel is currently being renovated from the Fitzpatrick. At the time of our stay (begin of Dec 2007) there was no room service, no restaurant/bar, fitness center. This was not a problem for us as we were staying for the weekend to take advantage of the city not the hotel food, bar etc. All guest rooms are finished. We had a Junior Suite that was HUGE for a hotel room. Separate desk area, sitting area, bedroom area, makeup/dressing area and bathroom. Very tasteful decor and very clean. Don't be discouraged by the streetside appearance of hotel and the lobby appearance. These areas are still under construction. We were not at all bothered by any construction noise. Our room was on the 20th floor with nice view of city. Gino's East Pizza right next door has GREAT Chicago style pizza. The hotel is a great deal (booked on internet travel site) in a great location. Easy to get to from Midway taking 2 trains. Would highly recommend checking out this hotel if planning a visit to Chicago. Would definitely stay here again!	
Dec 20 2007 	Warm Welcome on a Cold weekend	Just a block off Michigan Ave &amp; around the corner from Water Tower Place, Affinia is a great find in the heart of Chicago's Magnificent Mile. Although not complete at the time of our stay (no restaurant, no bar yet), there was no obvious evidence of construction. Our room was charming with a small desk/work area on the same level as the bathroom and a sunken bed room with a fabulous view of the city to the south. Other conveniences included wi-fi, big flat-screen TV, fridge, etc. The staff was courteous and attentive and we never had to wait for our car from the valet. Lliterally next door to Neiman-Marcus and the stores on Michigan Ave., one can easily walk to a variety of shopping &amp; fine dinning. And we got it all at a great promotional rate by booking through Travelzoo.com. Winter travel can be unpredictable to say the least. Although there were several inches of snow outside, we were comfy cozy at Affinia. We can't wait until the hotel is completed for our next visit.JoeGBallwin, MO	
Dec 19 2007 	Loved the Affinia Chicago	Affinia Chicago is the best of the best. The rooms are in mint condition and the beds are awsome. The best selection of pillows that we have ever had at a hotel. The LCD television was awsome as you could watch it from any place in the room. The rooms are very large in size. We thought we had been upgraded, but they said that was the standard room.The employees are the most caring and wonderful people that I have ever met at a hotel. You are truly more than just a guest.Victor (doorman) is your friend from the minute he greets you while he is opening the door for you. What an awsome person. He really cares about each and every person and always remembers your name after first meeting you. You are truly a blessing for the hotel. Way to go Victor !!!Daniel and Pedro are also doorman always friendly and ready to tell you great places to go eat. Great job guys.Next is Milton the night manager. He wants to do all he can to make sure your stay is the best. He goes up and above the call of duty. He makes sure you have had a great day and if you didn't well he will make it better for you. He truly cares about each and every guest that enters the Affinia. You are a friend and not just another person. You are so awsome Milton. Kathleen the concierge is equally as good. The last minute we asked her if she could get us tickets to see Jersey Boys and she got them at an excellent price. Thanks !!!Now for general manager Tom Brady. He actually took time to introduce his self to us. Gave us a mini tour of what the new front lobby looks like. He runs one awsome hotel and it shows in the hotel and the staff.Yes there is some construction going on for the new facelift, but we never heard any noise. If you stay here you will not regret. This is a five star hotel and they have it down to perfection.Love the Affinia Chicago	
Dec 18 2007 	Amazing Hotel in a Great Location	This hotel is undergoing significant renovations but this has not stopped me from visiting on a regular basis. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly. The location of this hotel is excellent and the accommodations are superior. Give this place a try if you want a pleasent, first class stay in one of the hottest parts of Chicago.	
Dec 17 2007	Wonderful!	After reading other reviews, I was a little nervous about the Affinia. I was so pleasantly suprised! Great location, next to the orginal Gino's East, and about 100 yards to Michigan Ave. The staff was very helpful and friendly- and it seemed genuine, not forced. Our room was fantastic. Very spacious, and totally re-done. Water and snacks in the lobby, which is not yet renovated, was a nice touch as well.	
Dec 16 2007 	Very Pleased with Affinia	We just returned from 3 nights at the Affinia and were very pleased with our stay. We used the $99 Travelzoo deal, which included parking (a $40 value). I doublt if I'll ever see a deal like that again in as nice a hotel as the Affinia with such a great location.We had a room with 2 doubles. It wasn't the Jr. Suite, but was very large, as was the bathroom. Everything was new, clean, and we had excellent maid service. I had asked for a higher floor, but we had room 301, which is right above the lobby. They said we could switch, but I decided to try it, as it would be easy to get in and out of, with no elevator delays. It was actually right across from the elevator and we NEVER heard the elevator! The view was great and only heard a litle hammering on Friday morning at 8:30. I would gladly stay in this room again! Staff was very friendly and courteous. THANK YOU TO GRAHAM at the front desk who always spoke to us by name when we came or left.Yes, the lobby is just a hallway with the checkin window right now, but for $99/night-who cares!!The location was PERFECT for shopping and we will definitely be back!Summer	
Dec 14 2007 	very trendy hotel	The only thing preventing this review from being excellent is the construction. Although I did not hear any of it while in my room, the &quot;lobby&quot; is tiny and there is no room service. Otherwise, this was an excellent hotel. The rooms are large with a comfortable bed and large bathroom. The decor is very modern. The room was clean and the staff at the hotel was extremely friendly and helpful. Once the construction is done, i think this will be an outstanding hotel all-around.	
Dec 12 2007 	Outstanding Experience	Our stay at the Affinia Chicago became one of the highlights of our trip to Chicago. The staff were exceptionally professional, friendly, comfortably interactive, and made us feel like we were special guests. We brought our six-year-old boy with us, and the staff always remembered his name, asked him about his adventures, and had water and snacks available on our departures and returns.Our room was on the 25th floor looking south, and at night the view was mesmerizing. The room was unusual in that the entry, desk, bathroom and bar area were 3 steps above the sleeping area. It sounds strange, but ended up being a very elegant space because of it. The condition of the room was great, the bedding was luxurious to feel and aesthetically crisp. There was a brand new large flat screen television, but with the view we had out the window, we tended to to keep it turned off.The location of the Affinia could hardly be better for those wanting to stay downtown north of the river. We were 1 1/2 block from Water Tower Place, and had every convenience surrounding us.We were fortunate in that we had found a terrific rate online (I was afraid that we wouldn't be able to stay right downtown without spending a fortune.) I thought I had been very intrepid in my online sleuthing, but afterward realized that a link to the same offer was being advertized on the Affinia's own reservations web-page! For what we got, it was an absolute steal. I had paid over 30% more to stay at a different nearby hotel the night before where the room was depressing, and the staff did not make us feel comfortable.The hotel is currently under remodel, so the interim 'lobby' is a bit tight, and their restaurant and gym are not yet opened. Those are the only caveats, and little ones at that. We would love to return once the hotel is complete. If it even equals our recent experience, we will be thrilled once again.	
Dec 10 2007	Will Be Back!	The great rate and location brought this hotel to my attention. I made reservations for three couples (we were celebrating my sister-in-laws B-day). The staff couldn't have been more accommodating - someone forgot shaving cream, we needed ice, we needed directions, we needed recommmendations, we got it all! We knew the hotel was under rennovation, it didn't matter because the rooms were complete and places to eat, drink &amp; shop are just around the corner. We all look forward to coming back when rennovations are complete if not sooner. Sonja from Crown Point, IN	
Dec 10 2007 	Great price.	Couple things to understand, the hotel is in the process of renovation, and we received a great rate. When we arrived we found the lobby under construction. Temporary walls were in place making the lobby basically a hallway, and very tight. If someone was at the front desk, they would need to move a bit to let someone toting a suitcase by. Check in was smooth however and the staff, front desk, bell staff were friendly and helpful. Most everything negative I have to say, can be blamed on the renovation and the price we paid more than made up for these things, with one exception. They have one elevator servicing the first 7 floors; I never set foot in it. They have two servicing the other 20 plus floors. They are very small and very slow. We spent quite a bit of time waiting for them especially when coming down from the 27th floor. An example, when checking out we had 4 people, 2 suitcases and 4 shopping bags, and there was no more room, none. I would assume these are going to be the permanent elevators, and will most likely be problematic for them in the future. Also, there didn’t seem to be a service elevator as bellmen and other employees were using these elevators. The room. We did have a problem with the keys, after many tries the door unlocked. This happened each time we used it over our stay. Our friends had the same problem and in fact had to have someone come up and unlock the door twice. (We stayed at the Shelburne Murray Hill also an Affinia hotel in NYC and our two complaints there were also small slow elevators and keys) The room its self was very nice. It was on the small side, but the layout made it seem bigger. The entry, closet, counter w/coffee and fridge area, and bathroom are on one level and the bed, desk, drawers and flat screen TV are three steps down. It gave the room a ‘bigger feel”. The bath had a tub/shower combo, one sink, and a small separate make up area (no stool to sit on there however and made it somewhat unusable. I assume this will be addressed as completion nears) There was also an iron and ironing board, and believe it or not an electrical socket in a convenient place to use them?.Location is on Superior St. directly behind Neiman Marcus. That is nearly in the center of North Michigan. Also, less than two blocks directly south is a Corner Bakery, which we used for breakfast and lattes. Superior St. is a quiet, seldom (comparably) used street. Combined with being on the 27th floor we didn’t here any street noise. But I must say we heard sirens all through the night. I think there is a fair amount of ambulances that use the street a block to the south of Superior (hospital), and there may be a fire house station, I’m guessing to the north and or east. We stayed here for $99 a night with free parking. When they get finished and work a few bugs out, we’ll never see that price again. Overall, even with a few inconveniences we enjoyed our stay.	
Dec 7 2007 	Nice location...unprofessional staff	My husband and I recently stayed at the Affinia Chicago. We were pleased to find that it was located just a block from the Magnificent Mile. When I originally looked at their website the pictures were beautiful and the rooms looked great. We found an inexpensive rate online and decided to go for it. I did understand that the hotel was under renovation, however, I was not prepared for what we saw when we arrived. The lobby (if you can call it that) is dismal and cramped and you must squeeze past the desk to get to the elevator. The hotel staff leaves much to be desired. They seemed to lack the confidence to even give directions or answer a simple question. We asked them about restaurants, directions, sight-seeing...basically the typical things you would assume the &quot;consierge&quot; would be able to help you with...but to no avail. We were answered with a &quot;deer in headlights&quot; look. One of the bellman (whom I won't name) was actually a little creepy. When I checked into the hotel he wouldn't get out of the room. He brought the bags in one by one, very slowly. He stayed for about 15 minutes talking to me about nonsense and asking me personal questions. It was very uncomfortable. While we were there for the weekend the elevator went out twice and no one seemed to know what to do or who to call. Luckily we were only on the 4th floor. The stairwell, however, looked like something in a horror film...filty, with grafitti and nasty drawings. There was a letter in the room that apologized for the construction and assured us that it would strictly be from 8am-4:30 pm, however, you can here the sound of hammers and power tools bright and early at 7 am...maybe 6:45 am if you're lucky. When we were ready to check out, the staff almost charged us with another family's room &amp; charged our room &amp; parking to the wrong credit card. Overall, the experience was lackluster. Cheap room...good location; terrible , unprofessional staff with bad attitudes and minimal qualifications. Thumbs down.On a positive note (ha!), Gino's East, the restaurant next door has fantastic pizza.	
Dec 5 2007 	Great staff	A colleague and I stayed at the Affinia Chicago on business just because of the reduced price during their remodel. The rooms look great, the price was the best I've seen in Chicago in ages, and the staff was very friendly. The man at the door even remembered my name on our second day. There was some construction noise in the morning, but nothing too early or too major. Very comfortable beds and Aveda bath products, which I love. Great deal for such a great location on the Magnificent Mile. We'll be back.	
Nov 27 2007 	Excellent	Just back from a few day in Chicago and stayed at the Affinnia. what can I say. Hotel is in a perfrect location, 200m off the mag mile and close to everything. Hotel is under renovation at the moment but dont let this put you off as it does not enterfier with your stay at all.Room was on the 21st floor, large room with 2 of the most comfortable beds you could ever have, Rooms have just been done up. Bathroom very large for an american hotel, with fresh towel every day, and loads of them at that. Aveda products in the bathroom, you would only every see this in a 5 star hotel.Would recommend this hotel to anyone and if your are going to New York, stay in their sister hotel the affinnia Manhattan, great location again and the service is as good as Chicago.PS, need to get something to eat, go to the Ginos next door for good pizza and for other recommodations ask Daniel, he is excellent at his job.	
Nov 20 2007 	great shopping weekend	My daughter and 2 girls from work and myself just returned from a weekend shopping trip to Chicago. We stayed at the Affinia and we absolutely loved it!!! The room was massive with a huge bathroom with huge shower and beautiful modern fixtures!! The carpet was new and all of the bedding was new and very comfortable. The staff was fantastic!! They went above and beyond in every way!! Our rooms were ready when our bus arrived at 10:30 am Sat. It was so nice to take our bags to our room get refreshed a bit from the bus ride and then take off to the Miracle Mile just a block away!! We could shop and then bring our bags back to the room and shop some more. It is a very convenient location. I think the room renovation are done but they are still working on the front of the building so there is some congestion in the lobby at times but not a problem. We never had to wait on an elevator. They let our travel agent stay in her room until we left Sun. night at 5pm so we all were able to hang out in there for an hour before our bus arrived to take us home. We just couldn't have asked for better service and thanks to all at the Affinia for making it a great weekend getaway for us!!	
Nov 20 2007 	Loved it great hotel	Just back from 3 nights at AFFINIA CHICAGO. 15th nov - 18th nov 07.What a GREAT Hotel, didnt think our room would be anything like we got - I actually thought we were upgraded but i was told that was just a standard room - We had a Bedroom &amp; a Sitting room which were both very spacious had a sofa bed also - a lovely bathroom of a nice size i really cant complain about anythin in the room.I read before i travelled that the hotel was under construction but it never bothered me one bit - i dont even think i seen a construction worker on my stay.They dont have a bar or restaurant at the hotel at the moment, but they offer complimentry water and snacks at reception, and theres also menus in the hotel rooms from alot of restaurants in the area that deliver food direct to ur door so that came in handy for us!!The location of the hotel is great too, a couple of steps to all the shops.The staff at the hotel cant do enough for u either there so helpful - the bell hops are so friendly! Overall i had a fab stay at AFFINIA and would definetly recommend it to anyone.Chicago is great.Louanne -ireland	
Nov 10 2007 	Absolutely Fantastic	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. Staff were exceptionally friendly &amp; helpful. Especially Daniel. He always remembered our names, which is a nice touch. We knew before we went that the construction work is still ongoing, but that didnt put us off, &amp; it shouldn't put anyone off. There are plenty of excellent restraunts &amp; breakfast places in close proximity, Rooms are extremely spacious &amp; clean. Its a very reasonably priced hotel, which has a fantastic location. We had 1 bad experience with plumbing in the middle of the night, but we were compensated accordingly when paying the bill. Overall, despite the disruption on one of the nights, i cant fault this place	
Nov 7 2007 	Loved it	We were a little weary of the hotel because of the renovation but the location and price we couldnt resist. We stayed at the W - lakeshore last time and I'll take the Affinia over the W anyday. Excellent customer service, beautiful rooms (&amp; toddler friendly), perfect location (20 steps from Michigan Ave), and to top it off, it's next door to Gino's East. Best pizza in town	
Oct 26 2007 	good room bad EVERYTHING else	We were encouraged to stay at the Affinia as part of a group in town for a Chicago wedding. We booked our rooms 6 months in advance, with the promise of a brand-new, full service hotel in a great locaiton in Chicago.The lobby was non-existant (under construction).The front desk staff was incredibly rude and unhelpful.The hallways and elevators are small, cramped and uncomfortable.The rooms are great - great beds, great television set.NO ROOM SERVICE - the kitchen is under construction.The bottom line is that during our stay, this was NOT a full-service hotel and should not have charged what they did. We were totally disappointed, hope it will improve, but vow to never stay there and will recommend to anyone to check out one of Chicago's truly amazing hotels. It is not worth the risk with this unproven dress rehearsal.	
Oct 23 2007 	My new GoTo spot in Chicago.	I had trouble with a last minute room in Chicago when one of my colleagues suggested the Affinia based on his experiences in New York. They were under renovation, but it did not bother me one bit.I stayed in a renovated room and I like what they've done with the new decor. Bathrooms are smallish, but worked well for one person. Room was surprisingly large. Elevators and Hallways are a little tight, but expected in an old building being remodeled. Lack of restaurant or bar did not bother me as there are plenty of hotspots nearby to frequent.I got a deal, probably because of the renovations, but would stay here in the future for a little more money if I have the chance. I also plan on staying here with the wife when we take a pleasure trip to Chicago for a long weekend.	
Oct 17 2007 	Good value	Nice stay. Staff was knowledgeable, pleasant and efficient. Location was convenient, about 10-15 minute easy stroll to Millennium Park, Art Institute, etc. Construction goes on so restaurant is still closed. Very little noise. Room was quite spacious, very modern and clean. Quite a good overall value. Would definitely recommend/go back.	
Oct 16 2007 	Great stay	Agree with poster below. Cramped lobby, but staff was excellent. Who cares about the lobby when the staff is so friendly? Daniel has been called a God...he was just so excellent. :) Very friendly, and talkative. Even remembered our names every time he saw us! The other bellhop with his was very friendly and helpful,too. All the desk staff went out of their way to meet our needs. Room was nice and comfortable. I slept on the sofa bed (my sisters got the real bed and loved it!)...not bad at all for a sofa bed. Heard sirens all night long every night, but I still slept great. Pillows too firm for our tastes, but they will soon have a pillow menu that will take care of that problem.There was some noise in the mornings...not sure if it was housekeeping cleaning or construction crew, but it was after 8 so I guess we needed to wake up anyway. :) Bottled water and snacks were a very nice perk in the lobby. Extremely clean room. Bathroom was immaculate. Extremely convenient. Highly recommend. Oh, they are expecting the hotel renovation to be complete by end of December, then they will work on restaurant, which is supposed to be killer.	
Oct 14 2007 	We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel!	We had a very enjoyable experience at this hotel the weekend of September 21st, 2007. We'd never been to Chicago before and we wanted a hotel that was right in the middle of the action. The Affinia's location is FANTASTIC! Right off Michigan Ave. (the Magnificent Mile as they call it) and within walking distance to so many things. We walked the majority of our trip and only took cabs late at night or to locations that were far away from where we stayed.They are doing construction at the Affinia which affects the look of the hotel on the outside as well as the lobby area (it is crammed right now) but other than that, the construction was NO bother. We never heard or saw anything. Our room had just been renovated and it was really cute. The beds and pillows are extremely comfortable!! We slept peacefully. The rooms are clean and have all the basics, including a mini fridge at no extra charge.The staff was fantastic. All of the bell hops (forgive me if that's not the right term!) were extremely friendly and helpful. They gave us directions, restaurant recommendations and were always around to hold the door for us and hail us a cab. The women who ran the front desk were just as lovely. They made all of our reservations for us, helped us find a boat tour, called places to get info and pricing, etc. They were always very eager to help and I thoroughly enjoyed talking to everyone who works at this hotel.I won't even get started on rating Chicago - it is an AMAZING city. A million things to do and it's just gorgeous! I highly recommend walking along lake Michigan in the early morning (weather permitting) as it's just beautiful. My sister and I got up at 6am just to go walking and watch the sunrise, it is only 2 blocks from the Affinia! All in all, the hotel was great. It was expensive but all hotels in that area of Chicago are. I'm sure once the renovations are finished, it will be just perfect. I highly recommend!Must sees in Chicago: The Art Institute, Millenium Park, Second City comedy club, Kingston Mines jazz club and definitely take a boat tour!! It is so much fun!!	
Oct 3 2007 	Customer Comfort #1	This hotel is AWESOME! My husband and I stayed at this hotel with 3 other couples to go the the Tigers/Sox game and do some shopping. Daniel (the doorman) is like a GOD! Not only did he immediately meet us at our cars, quickly unload all of our luggage and get us checked into our rooms he was extremely friendly and polite. He took the time to ask what we were doing in town and to make numerous suggestions that fit our itinerary. We took some of his suggestions and he was RIGHT ON! The man needs a GOLD STAR! I had a chance to speak with him while waiting for friends and he had nothing but praise for his employer (our hotel) and that was refreshing. All the staff seemed to REALLY like their jobs and that is not the norm these days! The hotel is under construction but the staff goes out of their way to accomodate you during this time. The rooms were recently remodeled and fantastic. The beds and pillows were to DIE for and there was a large flat screen TV that was easy to see from both beds. I have never had a better experience at a hotel (especially in a big city). The staff should be commended for a wonderful job. I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone going to Chicago!	
Sep 30 2007 	this will soon be a great hotel but...	Normally, I'd start by writing about the room, but I want to say first that the staff at the Affinia are fantastic -- easily the friendliest, most helpful hotel employees I've ever encountered in a major city. I stayed for a week, and everyone -- front-desk staff, concierge, bell staff, parking valets -- was superb.The room? We stayed in a newly renovated junior suite, which was spacious and beautifully furnished: comfortable bed, good work space with ergonomic office chair, great couch, widescreen flat-panel TV that swivels easily to face the bed or the couch area, fridge (there is complimentary bottled water at the front desk), etc. I'd give is 9/10.The bathroom was a good size, with Aveda products and lots of counter space.BUT...Wireless internet is a ridiculous $12.95 a day from Wayport Internet, which provides absolutely no flexibility in pricing. Given that many hotels offer free wireless, and that there are cheaper pay-as-you-go providers out there (eg T-Mobile), this is completely unacceptable. I was fortunate to be able to pick up a free signal in my 15th-floor room -- so don't pay until you're sure there's no alternative.AND AN EVEN BIGGER BUT...The hotel is under renovation. Like the previous reviewer, we were shocked to come back to our room one evening to find that the water had been turned off for the night. My colleague who was staying on another floor was woken up at some ridiculous hour by construction noise outside his window. The temporary lobby is so cramped, it sometimes feels like a bus shelter at rush hour. I'm sure the Affinia will be very nice when it's finished, but for now, they should be offering their customers some perks to make up for the inconvenience.	
Sep 23 2007 	Check with them after Construction	Did I just stay at the same hotel as recent posts? This hotel is a complete mess. When reservations were made we were hesitant because of the 3 star class rating however it had 4 stars from past guests, so we gave it a try. What a mistake. Let me say first of all the staff is OUTSTANDING and went over and above to make everyone happy. NONE of this is directed to them!!!! I wish I could give them a 5 alone. Bellmen, Front Desk, Maintenence, Housekeeping were all professional and pleasant.With that said, we were not aware until check - in that the water system was going to be upgraded and the water would be shut down from 10pm-6am on Sept.20 We arrived at 8pm and took showers and went to dinner. We arrived back at 11:30 with no water. We brused our teeth, washed faces and used the restroom with bottled water. (People should not be booked in this hotel during this time) No shower the next morning (Yuck) as our meetings were in Wheeling at 7am and we had no water. Can you imagine this? When water did come back on, brown gunk came through and then dirt and sediment the rest of the trip.The front desk area is a temporary location and so cramped we had to step aside to let each other pass. The restaurant is closed however there are many great restaurants nearby. The desk does have complimentary chips, cookies and bottled water.The elevators are all padded and used by construction workers and guests. Doors open on certain floors to show completely gutted fllors under construction. Be sure to keep shades down because work is being done outside hotel also and workers were on ropes outside. We were in 1207. I dont know If we had a new room or not. Some of it looked new and things like a rusted lamp no table, desk, or any surface used to do work or put a laptop on was available. The bathroom is tiny, but has a great mirror. I just dont think they should be open but Ive said that. Great things are: The location, bath products, bath mirror, and STAFF. I am going back to my hotel at 108 E.Superior, and I wish that I could take this staff with me, they could use them all there. I always say that, &quot;You can have the best product in the world, but if you cant back it up efficiently and effectively you dont have a darn thing.&quot; In this case I was wrong. The staff couldnt make up for conditions of the construction.	
Sep 19 2007 	Nice but will be better	We stayed 2 nights we never heard any construction noise. The room was great we ask for a high room and got the 20th floor looking over several other buildings. The night view was a great city scape. The location was right in the heart of downtown. There was not much of a lobby but I am sure when they get done it will be nice. Great breakfast two blocks away at the Corner Bakery	
Sep 17 2007 	WOW - The Affinia Rocks!!!	WOW! I booked 2 rooms on Priceline and got the Affinia. This was easily the best hotel experience I have ever had. The employees were awesome. The front desk associates were happy to give us directions and make dinner reservations for us. They were friendly, helpful, and actually seemed happy to be working there! Due to construction, they didn't have a restaurant or vending, so they had free bottled water and snacks at the front desk. We were not disrupted by any of the construction that was taking place. The location was perfect! It was just steps from the Michigan Ave shopping. The beds were amazing! So comfortable! Thanks Affinia for a great weekend!!	
Sep 5 2007 	Absolutely fabulous!!	I was a little concerned about staying at this hotel after some of the reviews that were written on here but was more than pleasantly surprised when we got there. Yes there was rennovations going on but these did not affect our stay at all and we were given an apology when we arrived regarding the work that was going on.The doormen were attentive and knew our name, we were recommended where to go for breakfast and what to see around the city. There was free water and snacks provided as the restaurant was not opened. The rooms were superb, comfortable and spacious suite, clean and well presented.Yes there is the hospital near by so we heard ambulances through the night but you hear this in any city and a good pair of ear plugs soon resolved that problem. The location was awesome and meant that we were able to pretty much walk anywhere. Like others, I'm hoping that the price doesn't shoot up too much when the renovations are complete as I'd love to stay here again. Would highly highly recommned!!!	
Sep 5 2007 	Beds super comfortable.	My husband and I stayed for a 3 day weekend over Labor day weekend. We were shown to our room on the 12th floor and shortly thereafter, given a call to see how we liked our room. There was a desk blocking one of the closet doors from opening which we thought sort of odd as they had just remodeled (maybe they will rethink the size of desk for that room?) Also I had asked for a room with a view, but the view was not all that great from this room. We were promptly moved to another room on the 14th floor with a better view (facing Superior St.) and full access to the closet. We soon found out the air conditioning was not working and the safe would not open. An engineer promptly came to fix both those problems and we had no more incidents the rest of the stay. The staff were very friendly and willing to help with reservations to restaurants or tours or shows. They didn't seem to have a separate concierge....the person that checked you in and out also helped with all of that. They had free bottled water and snacks available at the checkin desk. I must mention only one elevator was working and it was quite hot in the hallways and in the elevator(due to renovations being done I'm told). I was a little worried I might freak out if the elevator got stuck with a full load of people on it and the heat in there, but that never happened.The beds were super comfortable, but I am used to a softer pillow. I had read about the pillow menu and asked about trying a different pillow, but that is not available yet. We heard lots of sirens from the room and may have had a problem sleeping, but my husband had gotten a box fan from someone when the air conditioning wasn't working and we used that to drown out the outside noise which worked quite well.The bathroom was very clean and okay. It had a makeup mirror on a little counter, but no chair to sit in to be at the level to use it. Pretty much a standard bathroom, nothing fancy.The hotel renovations are not expected to be done until sometime in February 2008. I expect it will be better then and all the elevators should be working. Although I question some of the remodeling and how long it will stay nice. In our room we noticed a crooked plug in the bathroom and loose faucet handle in the shower. The caulking showed some wear for it being brand new. Surely hope not alot of stuff is being &quot;jimmy-rigged&quot;.Overall, we were very comfortable and I am pretty picky about having nice surroundings on vacation. The maid did a fantastic job of cleaning the room and left us wine glasses for us to have a glass of wine. I must mention in our room upon entry there was a huge beautiful mirror on the wall and another huge long mirror on another wall (mirrors do help make a place feel roomier).Upon checkout, the doorman hailed us a cab ( I think he had to go to Michigan Ave. to get one....) The cabbie was supposed to take us to Union Station to catch the Amtrak train home, but dropped us off 3 blocks away which we didn't realize until we were standing there with our luggage. We had to walk 3 blocks hauling all of our luggage with us. The look on my husband's face was not good.....we were both breathing hard and sweating by time we got there. So if going to Union Station, make sure your great Chicago cabbie has you in front of Union Station on the right side to enter to your train before you let him go. The last time we left Chicago from the Talbott hotel we had our two grandkids with us. The cabbie dropped us off at Union station upon which an Amtrak porter was waiting to take us and all of our bags straight to our train. That was wonderful!Overall the stay was comfortable and the price was good. I would probably stay again, maybe after the renovations are complete and all of the elevators are working again. There were wedding parties there that were not happy at all about the elevator situation. It was during that time that we were waiting a long time as well. The elevator would finally get there and it would be full, meanwhile waiting in the hallway was HOT.	
Aug 14 2007 	Elegant friendly beautiful!	I booked for my husband and son because I had stayed in Affinia in NY and loved it. They loved it as well. My husband was wowed... In his words, it was beautiful, the people were great, and the beds were very comfortable. Location was great, and they got to do shopping, go to ComedySportz, and bowling in a highrise with a theatre where they saw the Simpsons movie. They were in a room which had been renovated only a month ago, so everything was new. Great view! The guest services manager, Lindsay, went above and beyond anything I expected. She arranged special snacks for them, and gave me info on city bus travel to where they wanted to go, restaurant hours, and nearby amenities. She was very responsive every step of the way. Dana, who had been at the front desk when I had been in NY, was &quot;stationed&quot; temporarily at this location, and she was just as helpful now as in the past. This was a special stay for them. In contrast, I had them booked at McDonalds's Lodge at Oak Brook for the last 2 days of their stay, and that was a disaster, although rooms were more expensive. I'll write a separate, not so glowing review on that.	
Aug 6 2007	Loved It!	Stayed here for my birthday weekend. Didn't realize there would be construction, but it didn't matter as the sound wasn't obtrusive and the rooms themselves seemed to have thick walls - very quiet!. The room was spacious and comfortable and the staff was probably the friendliest and most helpful I've ever encountered. Fantastic location, right off Michigan Avenue, near Water Tower Place. Definitely would stay again. They're re-doing the former Benihana restaurant next door, so there should be a nice restaurant in the future. In the meantime, there's lots of choices for dining nearby. T ry Rosebud on Rush (about 2 blocks away) for a wonderful Italian dinner.	
Jul 25 2007 	Great weekend stay despite the renovations	Book through travelocity. Not sure what we paid for the room for our three nights (July 19-22) given that it was combined with an airline ticket but believe we paid about $200 night (which includes taxes). Though I was offered free snacks and bottled water in lobby, I arrived to find the guest elevators not working. Had to be escorted around back through alley and through two freight elevators to our room. Opened door to renovated room with one king bed and was really impressed by the room. View was of E. Superior St. We were on 11th floor. Everything new in room--plasma TV, etc. Really impressive--especially for $200 night in a great location (right off Michigan Ave in Magnificent Mile near the Water Tower). Great Aveda products restocked daily by maid in bathroom. There was a fridge for our use as well in the room. Also a Clock/radio/CD player (though housekeeping should check daily to make sure alarms are turned off for next guests). Front desk staff was great throughout.Small complaints: Could hear loud people in hall way (small surprise--expected that the renovation would have addressed wall/door soundproofing) Of the renovations, only heard 5 minutes of drilling on Friday morning. There was no fan in the bathroom. Their website doesn't have directions for taking public transportation to/from the airport. I e-mailed their GM--Tom Brady--who has responded to complaints here on Trip Advisor, However, he never responded to my e-mail sent in advance of my trip.I am leaving the best for last: The bellman Daniel. He was always around to offer assistance such as a cab. On the day of check out, we left our bags with Daniel and told him that we would be returning &quot;around 3:00-3:15 p.m.&quot; to get our bags and take a taxi to O'Hare. We arrived at hotel at 3:15 to find our bags already in the trunk of a taxi that was waiting for us.to take us to the airport. Its one the reasons why we would not hesitate to return (though I expect the rates to jump significantly given location and quality)	
Jul 16 2007	Excellent Location 	We stayed in late June while the hotel was undergoing renovations in some of the public rooms. The staff were excellent and the suite was very comfortable,quiet and had a view over East Superior street. There was one occasion when work started early but when I mentioned this the workmen were stopped and it didn't happen again. This hotel is in a prime location for shops, restaurants and the Magnificent Mile.	
Jun 25 2007 	Great Place to stay	We stayed one night at the Affinia Hotel in downtown Chicago, and had a great experience. Everything we asked for was accomodated. We requested early check-in, and late check-out. There were free snacks and water available in the Lobby at all times. The staff was always so friendly and helpful and wanted to bend over backwards to help us out with anything we requested. We had an older room on the 27th floor, but it was still very nice. They advised that the hotel is under construction and is being remodeled, but we never heard any construction noise. The best part about this hotel was the location, a block off of Michigan Avenue. I had no complaints and would definitely go back. Unfortunately I think the great rate we got was due to the construction and will probably increase once this construction is finished. I would definitely go back!	
Jun 19 2007 	Loved It!	Stayed in a newly renovated Junior Suite on the 28th floor for 1 night. The room was magnificent, the location spectacular and for theprice we paid, the room was a bargain. We paid $150 through Quick Book, and could not be happier. Every other hotel in the city was $350+ because the NeoCon convention was in town so we were surprised with the price we paid.Only negative would be the cost of valet parking ($40) but this is expected when staying on Michigan Ave.Great staff and would stay here again.	
Jun 11 2007 	Critical Skeptic Turned Affinia Believer	I was SOOOO hoping this is the type of review I could write!!! Thanks to the staff at the Affinia, I can give them FIVE STARS. We stayed just this past weekend, Friday June 8-10.Checklist: Early check in request: accommodatedLate check out: accommodatedTwo rooms close together: accommodatedStore luggage after check out: accommodatedInformation about area attractions: accommodatedExtra service to room: accommodated speedilyFriendliness of all staff: accommodated *****From the time the Affinia was assigned to us by Priceline, I had been nervous -- not because I knew anything of the Affinia personally but quite the contrary -- I'd never been to the Chicago or the older hotel being renovated; tripadvisor.com reviews; etc. No facility is going to be perfect regardless of whether it is newly-built, newly-renovated, well maintained -- nothing is going to be 100% perfect.While the newly-renovated rooms assigned to my party (two rooms) were well appointed, very nicely done (in my opinion) and the bed was so comfortable, I simply did not want to get up, what makes a stay perfect is the friendliness and willingness of a staff who will treat each and every patron as if they are happy to see you; happy to assist in any way possible, and the little touches that don't seem to be important but sure are noticed when done for you.My sister, niece, her two children and my step-daughter to be certainly experienced the exquisite care of the Affinia staff. From the bell staff , front office staff, and chef to the general manager, we couldn't have been treated better!After having mentioning the fact that we were going to be in Chicago to celebrate the birthdays of our three young girls at the American Girl Place, the Affinia staff went ABOVE and BEYOND to make sure our girls were treat especially well -- and even their dolls. They were so happy, and you know how that affects us adults!!Quentin, especially, and Daniel the bell staff treated us well, and remembered the girls' names; front desk staff were very helpful; Mr. Foley (front office manager) introduced himself upon check in. Chef Bell went over the top with her tasty design -- so much so, the girls wanted to save them and take them home, they were so pretty!The housekeeping staff with beds turned down, water at our bedsides -- touches that go a long way after a long day of being out on the town.My room was perfectly comfortable regarding air conditioning, while my niece’s room set at the same temp was quite a bit warmer -- maintenance came in, fixed the problem, and we were left a message to that effect and if there were any problems, to please let the front desk know.Could there still be improvements? Sure – the normal stuff: more water pressure for the shower, vents in bathroom so not so steam -- one light not working on headboard lamp (which are very nice, by the way) ... but these things will be noted, fixed, improved, I’m sure.While attention to outward appearances, maintenance and cleanliness of the facility are important to any property, more important than whether a mirror is at a proper height, the decor is not current or quality toiletries are supplied (all of which were not an issue at the Affinia as far as I could tell) are staff courteousness, attentiveness, eagerness -- these things are definitely present at the Affinia. MOST IMPORTANTLY: This shows that reviews are read, guests' comments are taken seriously and the Affinia is striving to take into consideration the needs as well as the desires of its guests. As long as it continues to care what guests are saying and staff are making us feel at home, I am sold on the Affinia! It is close to everything you want to experience while in Chicago, just one block east of Michigan Avenue (Magnificent Mile). When I'm in Chicago again, I'll be back to stay at the Affinia.My Advice: Book a stay at the Affinia if you find yourself heading to Chicago. If you've been reading past tripadvisor.com reviews, I know you will be overwhelmingly surprised by the changes taking place -- not just in the facilities themselves, but the transformation of the staff (at least based on past reviews). Thanks to all of the Staff at the AFFINIA CHICAGO for making our stay one that makes us ready to visit Chicago again soon!!Judy T.	
Jun 11 2007 	Quality Experience	Despite the negative reviews of this hotel, I would absolutely stay there again - even if the construction didn't get completed. Everyone was pleasant and helpful - the front desk and luggage handling. The room we had, on the 27th floor, smelled fresh, had a great view, and was clean and spacious. Yes, it was old and needed updating - that's what the hotel is in the process of doing. We did not hear any construction noise at all. The beds were some of the most comfortable we have ever slept in. There were snacks and water at the front desk every day - for free. Plenty of great places to eat nearby; we don't use room service anyway. Gino's East, right next door, had terrible service - we left after 15 minutes without getting waited on. Stick with West Egg, the Corner Bakery, and the Elephant pub. This hotel has the greatest location, too. Just off Michigan Avenue, so it's quiet yet so close to everything! I travel for pleasure at least once a month and only stay at top-notch places. Don't hesitate to stay at the Affinia. You won't regret your decision.	
Jun 5 2007 	Clean Hotel Nice Staff	My wife and I stayed here over Memorial Day weekend and were very happy with every aspect of our stay, despite some of the reviews we had read prior to the trip. I had read a New York Times article a few months ago about the Affinia chain's management making personal responses to negative comments, and it seems as if they have made several adjustments as a result of the comments here. The door staff were exceedingly nice and conversational, and the front desk personnel were equally accomodating. They offered us water and snacks at check-in, and kept the courtesy baskets stocked full of each throughout the weekend. Although no renovated rooms were available for the weekend, there was also no sign of construction during our stay and our &quot;non-renovated&quot; room was actually very nice. The bathroom was clean and large, and the bed was quite comfortable. Drawbacks were the slow elevators and the loud air conditioners. However, the price, cleanliness, location (one block off Mich. Ave.; three blocks to the State Streer Red Line) and staff make this a great value.	
Apr 25 2007 	A pathetic excuse for a hotel	Setting expectations is everything. I made a res on Expedia for a hotel with a pretty good brand and a great location, for $264 how bad could it be?Really bad. The listing on Expedia failed to mention that the hotel is under renovation and that there is no f&amp;b...When I was so informed at check in I was told that there was a big collection of menus in the room from nearby spots that would deliver. There were two dog eared pizza menus but no matter, lots of nice places nearby.Did I mention that they are coring concrete in the building? This is what God's own root canal sounds like, but they stopped by 5pm so no worries.In the morning it was pouring rain, even at the humblest Quality Inn the good folks have a tray of pastries and a thermos of coffee. Not here, and although they are within blocks of more shops selling umbrellas than anywhere else in the civilized world (Michigan Avenue) there was not a single umbrella available for a guest to walk up the street to the Red Roof to grab a cup of coffee.What else? It took three calls to Wayport to get the internet working, the mirror in the bathroom is way too low for six footers. I booked (and paid for) a studio suite and they put me iin a regular room. The television cannot be comfortably viewed from the bed.But the worst thing is they don't care. There is just an utter disregard for customer service. The valet parker was nice but for $40 I guess he should be. I should have slept in the car!If management is reading this and wants to make sure this is not a fake, my name is Mark E. and I stayed on April 24. You can figure out how to get in touch with me if you like.	
Apr 23 2007	Great Location	We got a great deal on a room online ($90/night) and decided to stay. The Affinia is in a great location. A street away from Michigan Avenue, close to Navy Pier, etc. When we arrived, the front desk was very helpful..offering us suggestions for dinner and bars that might be fun. We also had the choice of 2 rooms. We chose the king bed, which was said to be the smaller room but was plenty big! The room was seperated by a few steps leading down to the bed area, which gave it a nice feel..almost like a suite. We had a view of downtown Chicago.The room decor was a little old, but for the price and location, who could complain. We didn't leave town until late the next day, so the hotel held our bags for us all day free of charge.The only complaint I had was that there was no vending machines or ice machines. We had to call room service several times for ice and a Diet Coke. When it did arrive it was $6 for a mini Diet Coke! Next time I will be sure to buy it at a convenience store before we arrive! Overall, we had a nice stay. I would definetly stay again for that price!	
Apr 16 2007 	Very disappointed.	Let me preface this by saying that I have stayed at other Affinia properties and always had a pleasant experience. When I saw that the Fitzpatrick was being converted to an Affinia I was excited, as we often travel to Chicago, our former home.While I don't remember the specific dates I do know that it was sometime in January. We were in town for the weekend and thought we would give the Affinia a try. Great location! After checking into our suite we noticed that the heat wasn't working. In fact, cold air was being blown out. When we left to go shopping I notified the front desk of the problem. They said that it would be fixed right away. Fast forward 2.5 hours. I came back from shopping and went up to my room, only to find that the &quot;heater&quot; was still blowing cold air. I went down to the front desk and was told that it would be fixed right away. The front desk appeared put out by my request. I killed some time in the Irish bar in the basement (which is great) and went up to the room an hour later. The heat was finally fixed.The next morning I was awaken by the sound of dripping in the bathroom. I went to check and noticed that the ceiling was leaking. Our entire counter was soaked, along with all of our towels and toiletries. I called down and they had someone come up to fix the problem. At the time of checkout there were no apologies for the inconveniences that we had to deal with. If I weren't a laid back person I probably would have been pretty upset. Later I sent an email to the management just to let them know of our dissatisfaction. I received a response several days later saying, essentially, sorry. I am not sure what I expected, but I guess I was hoping for more. I have no intention of returning to the Affinia, which is a shame because I had good experiences with the chain previously.	
Apr 13 2007 	Sadly not what it's been in the past	This property was formerly the Fitzpatrick. I've been staying at this hotel for years. It has always been my favorite Chicago hotel through its various name changes. The only reason I would stay at other hotels would have been because this hotel was booked. Now, in fairness, the hotel is undergoing construction/upgrading. But all that work is being done in areas other than the lobby and guestrooms.  I stayed one night, April 11. The reception staff was pleasant, but the doormen were apathetic and uninterested. In fact, I was not even sure they were hotel employees by their attitude or attire. I did not see them greet anyone. I did not see them rushing to help with luggage or cabs. Of course, I didn't see many other guests when I was there. I would not say anyone went out of their way to make me feel welcome.  There was NO food service in the hotel. Even the pub/lounge was closed. I saw very few other guests and almost felt like I had the hotel to myself. My room, though large, and with the same decor as the last time I was there at the Fitzpatrick, was a little worse for the wear. It is as if the guestrooms have been let slide a little while attention is elsewhere in the project.  On the positive side, Gino's East Pizza has returned to their former location next to the hotel. Yay! The hotel is steps away from the best part of Michigan Avenue. I'm hopeful that once the &quot;dust has settled&quot; this will once again be just a fabulous place to stay. UNTIL then, be advised your experience may be a little unusual.	
Apr 10 2007	Great location	Booked this at $105 per night (for suite) with Travelzoo offer. Stayed two nights. Great location. They are in the middle of doing a lot of renovation and the plans look good when it will be finished.Were on the 24th floor so above the major work so no noise heard. Suite was nicely decorated. Bathroom is Tiny and the light switches were in the hall which was a nuicance as had to remember to turn them on before going in. Bedroom is off the &quot;lounge&quot; but it is not a separate room so no door. Staff were pleasant and helpful, especiallythe doormen, always welcoming. This is now a 100% no smoking hotel.	
Apr 9 2007 	Great stay in Chicago	stayed at the Affinia for 9 nights and we were upgraded to a suite. very spacious with great bathroom and amazingly comfortable bed. Only downside was drink facilities were a perculator, two cups and 2 old packets of coffee. Hotel is undergoing a major refit but we were not disturbed by this at all, and I was in early a couple of afternoons. There are no food or bar facilities at the moment due to refit but would recommend the corner bakery two blocks down St Clair Street right opposite the front entrance of hotel and also a great Italian restaurant a further block down for an evening meal. The staff were all very friendly and helpful and I would love to stay at the Affinia again. But suspect it will be much more expensive when the refit is finished in the autumn. In a great location for shops on Michigan Ave and Hancock tower. Also many buses run along Michigan Avenue and I travelled to all the tourist sites on Chicago buses from there. Great city.	
Mar 15 2007 	Very deceiving. Not totally a 4 star hotel.	Booked our hotel on hotels.com which gave the Affinia 4 stars. The room we stayed in (20th floor) was MAYBE 2 stars. While it was fairly clean, it was VERY old. The decor, curtains, bedspreads, etc. were all outdated. The carpet appeared to be 20 years old. Also, the phone didn't work.Then I realized, while we were there, what was going on. The hotel is being remodeled and only the FIRST 8 FLOORS are finished. So that must be where the 4 star rooms are. Make sure you try to get a room on those floors.NOTE: Construction runs from 9:00-4:30 pm. So if you plan on sleeping past 9, forget it. You can hear noise throughout the whole hotel.Also NOTE: Parking is $40 a day.	
Mar 6 2007 	Mostly good very good... with some very bad.	I will start out by saying that for the most part, the staff was excellent. I traveled with my father who is in a wheelchair and his caregiver. While we couldn't get rooms right next to eachother, (partially because the room across from his room was one of the penthouse suites,) they were able to put me in a room that was just one floor beneath. To make up for us not having rooms next to eachother, they gave me what I have to think is one of the best views you can find in downtown Chicago. You can see all the way down to Prudential II, not to mention the lovely buildings in the immediate area.I'll start with my room: the bed was unbelieveable, one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in in my life. There was a nice reading light in the massively vaulted ceiling above the bed with controls just next to the bed. The bathroom was fantastic. Beautiful granite counters with nice fixtures and a lovely hanging wall mirror. Aveda products. The shower, however, was my favorite part. It was HUGE, great pressure - really, really a pleasure. The brookstone cd player/stereo system was a nice touch.Now for the &quot;handicapped accessible&quot; room:While the handicapped accessible room itself was rather nice and the bathroom was very convenient and nicely decorated, getting to it was very difficult. There is, apparently, only one handicapped accessible room in the entire hotel. It's not placed very well, either. It's on the penthouse floor of the building, and in order to reach pretty much all the suites on the floor from the normal elevator, you must climb STAIRS. I don't know who the genius was who thought &quot;hey, why don't we put the handicapped accessible room there?&quot; But it doesnt seem like a very good move to me. So, in order for wheelchair bound guests to reach the room, they must go up the normal elevator to the seventh floor, walk through the kitchen and take the FREIGHT/ROOM SERVICE/GARBAGE elevator up to the room! I might mention that this elevator is.. well.. disgusting, worn down and smells horrible, and the elevator moves very, very slowly. Also, when garbage is being loaded, the staff has a tendancy to stop the elevator on whatever floor they're loading/unloading onto, so at bad times, it can take AGES for the elevator to come. Again, the room was nice, but the way to get to the room is probably the worst design for a disabled person POSSIBLE.Now, despite that, the staff, the fact that the rooms were so comfortable and the excellent location actually made the stay rather nice. Until a couple weeks later.My major warning about this hotel: DO NOT TRUST THE VALET!!! A few weeks after my stay at the affinia, I recieved a $90 parking ticket in the mail from the night I checked in, about an hour after I had given my car to the valet. Apparently, it had been parked in a taxi stand in front of the merchantile exchange, which is pretty much nowhere near the hotel. What the valet was doing with my car parking it in a taxi stand a ways away from the hotel, I do not know. The valet prices alone are already pretty outrageous, and then a $90 ticket on top of it? Come on. I've tried to contact the hotel's manager numerous times since I recieved that ticket and have recieved absolutely no response whatsoever. Unfortunately, it seems like the front office is nowhere as competent as the desk, room service and cleaning staff.	
Mar 3 2007 	Nice Stay for First Time in Chicago	My wife and I booked a studio suite at the Affinia through TravelZoo for only $105 a night. Given the great deal, we were impressed with the overall quality of this hotel. The lobby is nice as is the pub down the stairs. It is obvious, however, that the hotel is just a little aged. While our room was spacious and comfortable, the bathroom was too small and there was a little wear on the wallpaper. The carpet was a little thin also. The view was nice and we weren't bothered by the noise from the 23rd floor.We loved the courtesy and efficiency of the staff. The bellman remembered our names throughout our stay and he was quick to offer advice about places to visit. Overall, we enjoyed our stay and would recommend it, but the hotel should be much better after the renovations that are planned over the next year. The location was great - next door to Gino's East Pizza and Neiman Marcus - very close to the Mag Mile.We would return only if we found a discount similar to the TravelZoo deal. Otherwise we would probably look elsewhere for a different experience.	
Feb 18 2007 	Great Hotel!	Absolutely wonderful hotel. Very clean rooms and the beds were very comfortable! Very luxurious bedding and towels. The entire staff was always very friendly and helpful. Great location. Less than a block to the Magnificent Mile, 3 blocks to the Hancock tower and Water Tower place. Can't wait to go back!	
Feb 13 2007	Affordable luxury	Excellent location, about a block from Michigan Ave. and two blocks from Water Tower Place and John Hancock Tower. Beautiful hotel, felt very luxurious and high-class for being a moderate priced hotel. Staff was excellent -- friendly and accommodating.	
Feb 9 2007 	Wonderful place!	I stayed at the Affinia in January 2007 for a weekend. I had read all the reviews on this site, and was skeptical - but we had a wonderful time at this hotel. Our suite was HUGE - had a large kitchenette area with table, then a step down to a living room with a pull out coach, and it's own television. The bedroom had another television - the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom is a bathroom - not huge, but certainly not smaller than anticipated. We had absolutely no complaints with this hotel. The conceriege was fantastic and had great recommendations. You cannot beat this location. You are just steps from all the shopping on MIchigan Avenue - in the heart of it all. My mom and sister and I were here on a shopping trip - and it was exactly the perfect location. As this hotel goes through more upgrades, I'm sure the price will increase as well, but for the money- you can't beat it.	
Jan 29 2007 	Wonderful and Affordable the best of both worlds!	I stayed at the Affinia during the weekend of January 12th and January 13th. This was a very wonderful hotel. The front desk staff was wonderful and always curtious and polite. Just about everytime I either left the hotel or came into the hotel the front desk called me by name and even remembered where I was coming from!!This may be a bit different then the experience others had, but I stayed in the Penthouse Suite. It was quite nice and had everything one would need for a great stay. As you can see from the pictures I had a private balcony, livingroom, very large bathroom with both soaking tub and 2 person shower and a nice sized bedroom with king sized bed. The views were breathtaking and I purposly left all the blinds open at night so I could sleep under the city lights.Now, don't get me wrong, some of the furnishings were a bit outdated and not brand new, but I really didn't care much about that. The service and location make up for that easily! And that brings me to my next point about this hotel. The LOCATION! You are one block off of Michigan ave right next to Nordstrom. It is a short walk to Water Tower Place and the Chicago River. This hotel was everything I expected and more!If you are thinking whether or not to stay at this hotel I would highly advise you trying it out. Let me point out one thing though. This isn't a super fancy dancy hotel, but you aren't paying through the nose for a room either. If you are going downtown and want to stay off the strip for a reasonable price, this hotel is for you! The service will be great and the room will suit your needs fine.	
Jan 26 2007 	The Good Bad and Ugly	Having stayed at the excellent Affinia chain in NY, I had very high expectations. When I saw the Trip Advisor rating, I immediately booked. What a huge disappointment:-- The quality Simmons pillow top mattress is covered with very cheap, foam pillows -- the kind they sell in the store for $4. You cannot sleep on these-- The windows are so thin, you can hear the buzzing from walk/don't walk sign on Superior below.-- The walls are so thin that when my neighbor smoked, I was awaken around midnight, my room engulfed in smoke odor. A call downstairs yielded no results-- There are nice furnishings but many are chipped showing bare wood; the desk chair was full of loose threads-- The water flow is very weak, but the towels are nice-- There are unpainted floorboards, the kind you find in Day's Inn-- They charge for internet serviceThe tiny lobby has materials and pictures of what the hotel will eventually look like. The sign outside is also a banner.Having stayed all over the U.S., you are better off at Red Roof -- this is really an embarassment for the Affinia chain. Wait until they complete the renovations in 2008.I did supply this feedback at my checkout and the front desk apologized by shaking my hand. Good heart, but the problems are not fixable.	
Dec 30 2006 	Wonderful	This is my favorite hotel so far in Chicago. The room was spacious and inviting. There was plenty of seating and the &quot;canopy&quot; over the bed made it very cozy. There was actually a refrigerator that you could use (no mini-bar) which is exceedingly rare. To top it off, they provide Aveda products! I paid only $89/night, so that just made our experience even better. I like to stay in all different places in Chicago, but I'll probably keep coming back here now.	
Nov 21 2006 	Affinia a Gem...	...I'm at the Affinia right now, using their excellent Wi-Fi service. Lovely room on the 18th floor, with a view of the Sears' Tower. We have a Jr. Suite. Our accommodations are on 2 levels-entering into a small foyer which overlooks the Living Room area-2 steps down. Queen-size sleeper sofa (very comfortable, soft sheets/blankets) The entire suite is very roomy with 2 closets and a &quot;storage-area&quot; off the foyer. The King bed is wonderfully cushy with silky-soft sheets. From the bedroom you look up to the coffee bar/refrigerator area and into the generously sized bathroom. Aveda products are provided as a courtesy. We have found the staff the be very courteous and helpful. Right next door to the Affinia, is the Benihana restaurant. Across the street is Gino's East and just down the block is the Rosebud, on Rush. Excellent shopping location with Neiman Marcus right next door..... Tiffany's just down the street. I believe that we will be back....!!!	
Oct 29 2006 	fantastic affinina	Excellent location, feels like a boutique hotel. Right next to Neiman Marcus (V.expensive dept store) and 2 mins walk to John Hancock tower. As most American ,medium to high end, hotels service was excellent from the bellhop to reception. Upgrade to a suite if you are staying longer than a couple of days as walking around the windy city can be tiring and a suite feels like a small apartment. The pub in the basement is good for a sandwich and a Beer. They will be refurbing so take adavantage of lower rates now as I feel they will be going for very high end clients after the remodelling	
Aug 30 2006 	The Affinia was Fantastic	Fantastic staff, wonderful rooms, great beds, prime location. Would definitely stay again.	
Aug 16 2006	Good location needs work homeless near big rooms	I've been here for 4 days. Great location right off of miracle mile, near all major hotels, best shopping and theatres. Rooms very large. Hotel staff very friendly and helpful, and respond immediately. Problems: there frequently are homeless people (even during daylight) on Superior between St. Clair and Michigan Avenue (the main route you walk for or all activities, and just about everything is in walking distance from here). At night, the street on the north side of Superior is dark, and it usually smells strongly of several unpleasant odors. The street people do not approach you, although they may stare as you go by. Usually 2 or more along the way, where they sleep on the window sills of Neiman Marcus. I would not think a woman would feel safe by herself. (I am from a large city and do not have a street people phobia.) There are homeless up and down Michigan Street, but this is different as it's a lonely stretch and no open business is along either side of the street. The entire hotel needs a lot of cosmetic work, and apparently will soon undergo a major renovation. For now, expect two extremely small, warm, slow elevators with long waits serving 17 floors and warm, cramped hallways! All the walls throughout the hotel need painting, and the wallpaper is peeling in places. In the room, several electrical outlets were hanging out of the connection, the carpets were stained, the bathrooms needed new grout (some mold visible), the TV is very small (16 Inch?) and the windows very, very dirty. You won't get your room serviced unless you ask for it, sometimes more than once. The &quot;pub &quot; downstairs is run down, dark and kind of creepy. Food and room service are very expensive, as is parking ($34/day public and $38/day valet). On the plus side, the bed was very comfortable, there was ample comfortable furniture in the sitting area, plenty of space and a decent view as the hotels spans St. Clair street toward the north and south. You can see a sliver of Lake Michigan. Pool small, but clean. All in all, it was clean and quiet and provides lots of space for sitting around in the room, but I think it is overpriced, and I would not stay here again.	
Aug 12 2006 	Worth your visit	As many have stated, the location is ideal for shopping along Chicago's Magnificent Mile on Michigan Avenue. Pool on the roof, while amusingly small, has great views, was clean and easily accessible. The hotel has a European feel in that it's compact, yet highly functional. Lobby elevators are tiny and didn't seem to run fast enough so waiting with large bags and then cramming yourself into them was, at times, annoying. We booked our reservation the same day and ended up with a suite and it was clean with ample room. We wanted a no smoking floor, but booking so late didn't have the option. However, it wasn't that bad with no real appreciable smell in the room. A/C worked well--it was close to a 100 degrees when we checked in, though, there was a minor leak from it that had soiled the carpet. The suite was so large it didn't really matter to us that much, to be honest.Room service was fast, food was great and person was courteous. All in all, recommended for its great location to all the sites and attractions of Chicago.	
Jul 26 2006	Dont' bother reserving a room	I am a long-time fan of Affinia New York hotels. I wanted to try their new Chicago property. After reading the mostly positive reviews, I booked a junior suite for $389.I asked for a guarantee that I would be put into a renovated room as the description of the unrenovated rooms sounded terrible.The main reservation line could not accomodate the request, but put me through to the Chicago office. I was greeted -- then put on hold for almost 15-minutes. I gave up.I tried to go through the main reservation line again and was told that there was no way I could guarantee a renovated room. They put me through (again) to Chicago. The Chicago person repeated that they cannot guarantee a renovated room.Bad marks for treating a loyal guest so shabbily, for the poor phone service, and for the attempt to charge almost $400 for a sub-standard room.I am re-thinking staying at their New York faciities based upon this experience.	
Jul 9 2006	Pre-renovations Affinia June 2006	As mentioned in the title, while the Fitzpatrick has changed hands to the Affinia hotel group, renovations have not yet taken place. That being said...BIG plus on location. You couldn't ask for a better launch point to hit Michigan Avenue, Navy Pier, a variety of restaurants (if you have the opportunity, go to Roy's), or just about anything else you'd like. Taxis are readily available, and the el train isn't that far away that can whisk you away anywhere else you'd like to go. I can't think of a time when I needed to walk any longer than 15 minutes to get somewhere, and the walk was very pleasant.The staff is very friendly and accommodating. Daniel was extremely friendly and told us that renovations were going to be taking place over the next year, floor by floor. If you are thinking about booking a reservation during the renovation time, you may want to check and see if you can get on a renovated floor, and maybe also ask about the impact of the renovation (i.e. noise, dust, etc.) when staying there. Whenever we ordered ice, it arrived promptly (they have no ice machines), and they were able to accommodate us with wine glasses and a corkscrew when we bought some wine in-town to enjoy with an in-room dinner.The pub downstairs was awesome. The look and the feel of the place was great. Sometimes I would just go downstairs with a book and read in one of adjoining pub rooms. The staff was wonderful, the food was plentiful and delicious, and the Guinness was very good. I'm not sure they are keeping the pub post-renovations (I heard two different stories on this), but I hope they do since it is a wonderful place and definitely adds to the hotel.The rooftop pool was a neat concept (unless, like me, you hate heights). The pool wasn't very large (you wouldn't be swimming laps), but looked clean and, on a hot day, would be the perfect way to enjoy a Chicago summer day.The breakfast buffet on the 7th floor was very good and the staff was very attentive to the needs of the diners. I thought it was a tad expensive for breakfast (the Corner Bakery two blocks away is a lower-cost alternative), but it was nicely appointed and the food was well-prepared.Four things that concerned me - two or three of which will probably be handled by the renovation...First - the furniture/carpet/wallpaper was dated and old. It was still nice stuff, but obviously was starting to move past its prime. I wouldn't count this against them, since I'm assuming this will be part of the renovation.Second - some aspects of the room were rather noisy. Two in particular were the elevators (if you had a room next to one) and the air conditioning vent in the bedroom. The elevators would make some squeaking and clanking noises when they approached your floor. The vent in the bedroom was very efficient (it blew directly on to the bed), but the power of the vent made it louder than was comfortable when trying to sleep. If you are a deep sleeper, neither of these should be a problem. I wore earplugs, so I didn't have any trouble. Again, the renovations may address this, so I wouldn't count this against them either.Third - housekeeping would occasionally cut a few corners. In particular, the room was a little dusty (my wife's allergies went crazy) and they seemed to have a thing against replacing glasses. Our first night there, we noted that one of the glasses was dirty (toothpaste-like residue in bottom). So we removed the paper cover and put it elsewhere in the room. The next day, after housekeeping had stopped by, the glass had been put back with a new paper cover. However, it was the same glass we started with. We kept taking it out, and it kept getting put back. Part of the allergen problem might have been the old carpet. The renovations will probably handle that, as well as any dust that may have accumulated in the ventilation system over time.Finally - the size of the bathroom. The bathroom was *small*. How small you ask? Well, if you were standing in the bathroom, it was difficult to shut the door because of the limited floor space. One of those cases where the door practically brushes the toilet when closing. Two people standing in the bathroom at the same time also would present a bit of a challenge. However, the bathroom sink area was nice, as was the extra vanity outside the bathroom. The shower always had hot water at a good pressure, so no complaints there either. I don't know if renovation would address this, since they'd need to do some fundamental re-architecting of the room to fix it.So, overall, a positive experience with a few minor inconveniences. Nothing that I would call a show-stopper. I would be interested to see how it comes out after the renovations.	
Jun 11 2006 	A Nice Stay with One Exception	Our company hosted a business meeting at the Affinia, requiring participant to stay there. While its an older hotel, the room was comfortable, clean and quiet. Lighting was adequate. Every staff member I spoke to was friendly and helpful. The only drawback was that there was no internet service unless you wanted to use the room phone for dial-up. Not even a business center. The front desk directed me to an internet cafe about 4 blocks south. If you don't mind that one thing, its a nice place to stay.	
May 29 2006	A quiet nice hotel	We stayed at the Affinia for six nights in early May. It is ideally located just a block away from N Michigan. Easy walking distance to sights, restaurants and shopping.Our room (a queen deluxe suite) was clean and very well maintained - not a stain, tear or flaking paint in evidence anywhere! There are only 8 rooms on each floor so it was very quiet as there is not much corridor traffic. The between-room soundproofing was excellent - we never heard our neoghbours. The elevators are quiet, we were close to them and never heard a thing. The room was large with a queen bed, a sofa(bed), an arm chair, coffee table, table &amp; chairs, 3 phones and 2 TVs. There is a small fridge and tea/coffee making facilities. The bathroom while not particularly large was clean, well laid out and had a decent shower.Room service was quick and the food very good. There are no ice machines but room service bring the ice up very quickly which was fine. The staff were very helpful and friendly, particularly Daniel the doorman. Fitzers, the Irish bar in the basement, sells a decent pint of Guinness :-)We had only one problem, it was quite a large problem and was the first thing that happened to us when we arrived - not a good introduction. They tried to put us in a standard room rather than the king suite that we booked 4 months previously. The assistant manager was very apologetic and managed to get us in a queen suite instead as all the kings were taken. He arranged for a free breakfast for us and a reduction in the rate. He was unable to explain it other than it was a mistake) but did his best to correct it. On the whole you get value for money, a quiet stay, a decent room and helpful staff so I would recommend the Affinia - if you book online I would phone/email them direct just before you go just to make sure that everything is okay. I would have given them 5 stars if it weren't for the initial room problem. In the future the hotel will apparently be undergoing refurbishment to bring it into line with the Affinia brand so that might be worth checking up on as well!	
Apr 3 2006 	I loved the Fitzpatrick!	I was at the Fitzpatrick for only one night in March 2006 on business, but I wished I could've stayed longer (and I wish my husband was with me)! Everything about the hotel was fantastic.The staff was wonderful--while checking in they bumped me up to a suite to keep me in a non-smoking room. That was an unexpected surprise, and I did appreciate it.The room was beautiful, spacious, and very clean. The bed and pillows were soft and comfortable, and I got a better night's sleep than I normally get in hotels. There was a TV in both the living room and bedroom, and there was also a very nice radio in the living room. No street noise or hallway noise bothered me, even though I was right by the elevator. And the bathroom was beautiful, although a bit small. (However, I saw my friend's room--which was a regular room--and her bathroom was much larger due to the different layout of the room.) Another nice thing for a rainy night in Chicago--they provided umbrellas in each room for the guests to use!The location of this hotel is also hard to beat. We were about a block off of Michigan Avenue, and a couple of blocks from the lake. Also walking distance to Navy Pier. A red line L station is about 4 blocks away--I used the L to get me to O'Hare when I had to leave. Lots of great retaurants and shopping in the area--I wish I could've stayed longer to experience it all.I would stay here again in a heartbeat, but hopefully not for only one night and hopefully not by myself!	
Dec 20 2005	Loved the Fitzpatrick	I booked this hotel for a father/daughter weekend (teen concert at the Aragon Ballroom). I expected a fair deal based on TripAdvisor reviews I had read. What I got was an excellent deal: for $134 per night I received friendly, competent service; a comfortable room (carpets were worn but not threadbare like some of the reviews made it seem); great location on the Magnificent Mile; and a terrific pub downstairs -- what pubs are supposed to be: a place for families to enjoy warm company, good hearty food, and for the adults, delicious beer. My only issue was during the first night there, a bunch of 20-somethings arrived in their room next door to mine at 4:30 AM and were very obnoxious, but the hotel staff quieted them within 10 minutes of my complaint call. I'll eagerly book another stay at the Hotel Fitzpatrick next time I visit Chicago.	
Dec 6 2005	nice place	Great place tucked one block off Michigan Ave. Nice reception by the bell man and rooms ready by 3:00 pm. The rooms are nice and large with sitting area. Yes the baths are small but adequate and clean. The room carpeting could use soom updating. The beds are absolutley comfortable. The elevators were never busy because of the size of hotel. Ordered coffee in the morning it only took five minutes, that's service. The Fitzer pub downstairs is a nice relaxing place to unwind after a long day shopping and Manny the bar tender pours a great drink and has personality. All in all enjoyed the stay and will come back.	
Nov 21 2005	Think twice	We recently returned from Chicago staying 5 nights at the Fitzpatrick Hotel. I have pros and cons regarding our stay. Cons - dirty grey caulking around the tub and floor area around the toilets. The king suite had a dirty grey looking carpet, but I think it is supposed to be beige, anyway dirty beige. They try to decorate the lobby now with Christmas decorations which is fine, but overall small and starting to look tired. I always bring lysol wipes to wipe down door knobs, taps, toilet handle, phones etc. (If you watch Dateline at all, you will understand why you should do this when staying at hotels). The wipes came up grey. The bathroom door had many fingerprints on it, and the closet door had something spilled down it and was left to dry on its own.I went downstairs to the bar to buy bottled water, as the bar fridge is completely empty...nothing, and the charge was $6.00 for 1 small bottle of sparkling water and a regular bottle of mineral water. We were too tired to go somewhere else as it was late. Pros - location, great staff, nice pub type bar downstairs, comfortable bed and OK breakfasts. The breakfast could have more fresh cut up fruit, but this is minor. Staff helpful arranging private car for us on one of our outings. Terrific restaurant Tru just down the street, short walk. I see there will be construction going on, right beside the hotel during the next few months, so I would enquire about this before booking.	
Nov 15 2005	What a depressing place to stay	My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights last week. The hotel is just screaming out for refurbishment. The suites are currently being sold to investors here in Ireland and perhaps the money generated from the sales will go towards a good clean up.The carpets in the reception area and our room were threadbare, badly stained and very, very shabby. The comforter on the bed had definitly seen better days - I would even question letting my dogs sleep on it. There were suspect stains and 'crusty' attachments in places - Awful!The room itself was very dark - although it was only a junior suite located at the back of the hotel. The windows were absolutely filthy. We found the room to be very depressing and it reminded us of a shabby country house of the 'olde Ireland' era of about 50 years ago - shabby, crumpled &amp; best forgotten.No doubt from the other reviews many disagree but this was our experience. We had booked the hotel because we had held our wedding reception in Fitzpatricks Castle Hotel in Dublin a number of years ago - however this branch of the hotel was a very sad disappointment in comparison. On the plus side the location was excellent, the bathroom was small but clean and the towels were nice. The bar was also nicely decorated and had a nice atmosphere. Personally I can only say that I would not stay in this Hotel again, even if the room was for free.	
Nov 15 2005	Had to make a fuss to get the correct rooms	Despite paying for 2 non-smoking rooms in advance they had sold our rooms and only gave us non-smoking rooms when we made a fuss. Avoid room 2807 it is beside some kind of generator. The looby looks rather tired. Otherwise excellent location, friendly staff and nice rooms.	
Sep 19 2005 	Wonderful service at the Fitzpatrick	I stayed for two nights at the Fitzpatrick Hotel while attending a weekend conference. I found the room spacious and soothingly decorated and the room service quick and pleasant. Little touches of Irish hospitality infused throughout the hotel are especially sweet (like a direct dial button to Aer Lingus on the phone). What really put the hotel above average, though, was the level of service and feeling of welcome that I received from all the staff. I received a personal note of welcome, a box of truffles, free tea and coffee delivered to me just for the asking and every staff member that I came across said hello and welcome and asked how my stay was going. I felt more like a guest in someone's home or a bed and breakfast than a guest in a hotel.	
Sep 13 2005	Fitzpatrick Chicago Hotel	My fiancee and I stayed at The Fitzpatrick over Labor Day weekend. Wow! We have travelled to a lot of cities all over the world and we appreciate the importance of location. This hotel could not be better located! Almost on Michigan Avenue itself, the Magnificent Mile. We were thrilled with our large spacious room. The staff, from the bellmen, to the reception desk, to the bar (and the bar in the basement is authentic Irish) ... wonderful, friendly and always helpful. We loved Chicago and hope to return again someday. If we do, we will return to The Fitzpatrick!	
Sep 7 2005	Chicago is My Kind of Town	My family and I were just in Chicago this past weekend and what a wonderful time did we have in the city as well as at the Fitzpatrick Hotel. The hotel was recommended by a friend of mine and boy was he right about the hotel. Not your typical hotel room with its canopy bedding and European flare to the spacious room. My wife just loved the hotel and the children loved to hear the Irish accents. Location is very ideal if you are looking to stay close the Michigan Avenue. As I received the recommendation to stay at the Fitzpatrick, I am doing the same to all of you who read this review!!!	
Sep 3 2005	Can't Wait to Return!	My 10 year old daughter and I stayed four days at the Fitzpatrick in August. We arrived at the hotel on Friday at noon, and were taken straight to our room, despite the posted 4:00 check-in. The staff was very friendly and answered all of our questions about transportation, activities and shopping. The hotel location is perfect! You are right off the Magnificent Mile, across the street and around the corner from American Girl Place, and right next door to the hotel is a fantastic pizza place. We could even see the fireworks show at the Navy Pier from our hotel window. We felt safe the entire time and didn't return to our hotel until after dark a couple of nights. No problems at all. Our room was beautiful and spacious. There are robes and slippers for your personal use during your stay. The bedroom and living room are divided by a &quot;bookshelf&quot; wall (no door), with t.v.s on both sides. We were on the 28th floor (the 29th floor is the pool and meeting rooms), therefore our room had an elevated ceiling, which made it feel even more spacious. I would highly reccommend this hotel.	
Aug 25 2005	OK	This hotel did not set me on fire, service was ok some times a little slow. I have stayed in better hotels in the city.	
Aug 16 2005	Great Trip!	We just returned from a much-needed vacation to Chicago. We stayed at the Fitzpatrick Hotel and overall had a good experience there. Three of the great things about this hotel include location, comfort and service. This hotel is located one block off the Mag Mile and is right in the center of the shopping district, convenient access to both ends is within walking distance. The room was spacious and comfortable, bed was a dream. I honestly don't think I've ever had a better night's sleep in a hotel. No noises from other rooms so it must be well insulated. The hotel staff was ready and able to meet our needs, beginning with the bell hops-great guys! Very helpful. The down side of our stay would involve 2 things. We are American and weren't familiar with the Irish way. We ordered room service one morning and found some kind of white pepper served, which tasted wierd to us. Also, how can you not have grape or strawberry jam? Orange marmelade and raspberry jam might be okay for adults, but not my kids!! The other issue was the way the room was set up. We selected a Queen suite. The virtual tour online is somewhat deceiving. On the web it looks as though the bedroom area is separate from the living room, but beware, it is all one room. If you want any privacy, don't go that route. I saw someone else's post on Trip Advisor, but took the virtual tour and thought that person was just picky. Believe me, she was right! The TV just swivels from one area to the other, so you're all there in the same room. We made do, but it would have been nice to have some privacy.Overall, we had a good experience at the Fitzpatrick. I would stay there again.	
Aug 12 2005	Spacious rooms accomodating staff	My husband and I stayed at the Fitzpatrick hotel following our wedding night - and also had a number of out of town guests stay there as well. Everyone was impressed by the generous room sizes and the helpful staff. I wholeheartedly recommend this hotel!	
Aug 9 2005	What a delight!!!	On a recent vacation to Chicago, we stayed at the Fitzpatrick Hotel. After bringing the family down to Chicago for the past 4 years, we were looking for something different and boy did we do just that. Besides the wonderful location this hotel has such nice rooms to offer! My wife was taken back by the decor of the rooms and how spacious they are. We walked to all of our favorite stores and restaurants and did not need to drive at all. My only concern would be the cost to valet park the car. But as the front desk agent advised us; it is not the hotel that controls the rates. Once again we had a wonderful trip to Chicago and thanks to Trip Advisor, we were able to undiscover a new hotel for us to use!!	
Jul 18 2005 	Quiet comfortable and spacious!	Most hotel rooms in cities that I travel are very cramped. I had heard and read good things about the Fitzpatrick, so I jumped at a good online deal.I ended up staying in a queen suite for two nights and it was very nice. Clean, very quiet and lots of room. Actually, more room than I certainly needed, but was a very refreshing change! Beds were very comfortable.I guess the only things to note (and I wouldn't call them negatives) was the lack of AC in the elevators (was 93 degrees this past weekend) and the bathrooms are a little small. However, if you know this going into it (and I had read other reviews, so I did) this shouldn't affect your overall stay in the least bit.The staff was pleasant and, overall, the stay was great! I would definnitely stay there again.	
Jul 18 2005	Great Spot for your Chicago Vacation.	I too enjoy the reviews from Tripadvisor as I plan vacations to new destination. I again used this site in the planning of our trip to Chicago for the 4th of July. I must say, that one of the main reasons that I booked this hotel was because It was number six on the list. After visiting the hotel... Im not sure how it got such a good rating.... I would classify this hotel as a solid 3 1/2 star. The lobby was very small and unimpressive. I had reserved a room with a King bed.... but upon arrival, was forced into one with a queen bed. No big deal.The room had A/C but it was limited in how low you could turn it down. I like it cold, so I had to removed the restrictive device. No problem...The room was VERY large. The bed was comfy. and the bathroom was small... But all in all, it was very confortable.The location is outstanding!!!! It is in a great spot, one block from North Michigan Ave. You can walk to many attractions, catch a quick cab or jump on the subway a few blocks away. It is a great spot for shopping or hitting the bars on Rush Street. I would stay here again. I think that if I was traveling with a family the extra room would be perfect.Never intracted with staff so I have no comments....	
Jul 13 2005	Great American Girl Package	I took my daughter for a girl's weekend at the Fitzpatrick. We loved our &quot;princess suite&quot; complete with doll bed, doll bathrobe, doll slippers, and doll hairwrap. The staff was excellent and took good care of us. I would stay here again on my next trip to Chicago...with or without the doll!	
Jul 12 2005 	A Nice Stay with Some Updating Needed...	Most of the reviews here are on target and complement my family's stay at the Fitz for four days. The staff is exemplary and super-friendly, terrific with young children. Our bedroom suite lacked a door, so our beautiful bed overlooked the sofa bed in which our two children slept. A bit odd, though the room was spacious. Yes, the furniture was a bit sparse and beaten, and, yes again, the bathrooms are cramped and in need of renovation. All in all, the hotel is nice, but if it isn't updated soon, it will really begin to show the wear and tear (others apparently already feel that time has arrived). The location is unbeatable and the hotel offers a pool (that could be cleaned more) for its guests; my children loved the opportunity to swim. I, too, was amazed by the relatively quiet of the rooms at night, though some ambulances can be heard. The elevators are small and they, like the halls, are not air-conditioned, though the rooms were super climate-comfortable! I would recommend this hotel to others, but I also would look to try out some other Chicago hotels on my next visits, which we do three times a year. Unfortunately, I did not have the opportunity to visit the Irish bar downstairs, though my wife said it was beautiful.	
Jul 8 2005	Fitzpatrick could be much better	I was a little disappointed in the outward appearance of the hotel. The picture on the website made it appear more grand. The lobby was unremarkable and the furniture had seen much much better days. There were two people only at the small front desk and they seeemed rather stressed as the phones were ringing non-stop. The room was huge, undoutedly must be one of the largest rooms in Downtown. I liked the layout. You opened the door into a waiting/foyer area, then stepped down into the living area. To the right was the bedroom and then bathroom and then another area to do whatever. The living room was spartanly furnished -- however it had its own smaLL television housed in a display unit.The carpet was worn -- apparently from too much cleaning, which in itself is not too much of bad thing. The spread had two cigarette burns in it, yuck.For such a huge room, the bathroom is rather small and not modern.All in all, with updating and an eclectic infusion, these rooms could become one of the best in Chicago.	
Jul 6 2005	Chicagos best kept secret!	We stayed in the Fitzpatrick hotel in June of this year. We got a very warm Irish welcome when we arrived which lasted throughout our entire stay. The staff were very friendly and helpful. There was a good mix of Irish and American staff which was great. The hotels rooms are larger than what one would expect for a downtown hotel in the heart of the city which was a pleasant surprise. Fitzers bar in the basement was excellent - the food is great and the craic is mighty!! The hotel is within minutes walk of all the major shopping streets, restaurants, tourist destinations etc. I would highly recommend the Fitzpatrick hotel to both the leisure and business customer!	
Jun 29 2005	Low Key Boutique Style	We stayed at the Fitzpatrick for two nights in a one bedroom suite. Our daughter slept on the sleeper sofa. Despite a few disappointments, we enjoyed the low key atmopshere and the location. It was great to avoid the crowds and traffic found near the larger hotels. This hotel is easy to reach by car (valet parking!), but everything is within walking distance after that. There are good restaurants in the neighborhood (see below), including down St. Clair street a classic diner for breakfast or a bakery cafe with lots of outdoor seating. The room was quiet, spacious and comfortable and the bed excellent, but the bathroom was extremely cramped and average in appearance. There was no other vanity area set up, although there was plenty of room in the suite for one. The decor was tired looking, with scuff marks on the walls, a few stains on the carpet and missing floor trim pieces. It was sufficiently clean. This hotel is used by the British Airways flight attendants and pilots. The staff is friendly (mostly Irish) and well-trained, but always expect a wait at the front desk. The elevator is small and the hallways narrow, which gives it the &quot;boutique&quot; feel. Someone left a glass of pop with several cigarette butts swimming in it on the table in the hallway (gross), and it was never removed by housekeeping during our stay. The pub in the basement is great, with a classy but warm and inviting atmosphere. There are outdoor tables available as well, although it was too hot to enjoy them. We left some clothes behind in a dresser by mistake and had difficulty getting the hotel staff to retrieve them. Eventually they did, but we had to pay the return postage. We had to leave the hotel before 6 am, when the bell staff starts their shift. We almost couldn't get our car out of the valet, and we had to bring the baggage cart upstairs ourselves to get the luggage on our own, because the other front desk person was delivering room bills. Overall these were minor inconveniences, and we would consider staying there again. There's a fantastic &quot;authentic&quot; syle Italian restaurant down the street at St. Clair and Grand called Volare. If you stay at the Fitzpatrick, check it our for lunch or dinner!	
Jun 28 2005 	Glad to have stayed at the Fitzpatrick	I recently stayed at the Fitzpatrick Hotel in Chicago and my stay was great!! My husband was on business and I got to shop all day long and I could have not asked for a better location to be in. The hotel is wonderful and I fell in love with the canopied bed and window treatments. I will be sure to put the request in with my husband so that we can come back and visit the next time Chicago calls. I would highly recommend this hotel to all and I can assure you that you will leave with the same great feeling that we both had!!!	
Jun 13 2005	Beware	I made reservations with the Chicago Fitzpatrick using their 800 number for two nights in June. I received no written confirmation with cancelation policy, etc. However, when I attempted to cancel my reservation the morning of my first night's reservation, I was told that they would charge me for one nights stay. They have a &quot;3pm THE DAY BEFORE your first nights stay&quot; policy. Even though the hotel was not sold out for the night they would not budge on the policy. This is not a common policy on Michigan Ave. I'd advise making your reservations someplace that offers more flexiblity for emergencies or sends a written confirmation with policy. It was a very expensive mistake on my part to book with this hotel!	
Jun 3 2005	A warm Irish Welcome!	This hotel takes the concept of a warm Irish welcome to a new level! The hotel is located steps from Michigan avenue and provides a five star, yet personal service to all customers. Having being recommended by two previous visitors I was more than impressed on arrival. I found the staff to be helpful and have a good knowledge of Chicago from restuarants, tourist attractions, stores, outlets etc. The rooms are very spacious and are immaculate. Fitzers bar is typically Irish with a full Irish menu too! I would highly recommend the Fitzpatrick hotel to all types of visitors to Chicago and look forward to visiting it again soon!!!!	
Jun 3 2005	They should be proud !	I was stunned to read the recent review of The Fitzpatrick. My husband and I have been staying there for the last couple of years on a regular basis and just returned from a 2 night stay over Memorial Weekend. The rooms are large, spacious and the beds amazingly comfortable. We have met many Irish staff at the hotel and they are always friendly and courteous (My ancestors came from Ireland and I always enjoy my stay at The Fitzpatrick). Obviously if you want a hotel that's totally Irish then you'll have to go to Ireland. There are lovely Celtic prints in the rooms, a beautiful Irish pub off the lobby and little Irish story books in the nightstands etc. It is these subtle little touches that give the hotel a nice Irish flavor. We also met a few Irish people in Fitzers pub on both Friday and Saturday nights who were visiting Chicago from Ireland. My husband and I love this hotel, as do many of our friends who have stayed there over the past few years. It has a great location and is also good value for money. We will continuue to recommend it whenever we can.	
May 30 2005 	They should be embarassed!	This hotel is a shambles-furniture literally falling apart and a staff that is both rude and uninformed, nevermind the lack of security and the absence of the so-called amenities. The &quot;fitness center&quot; is an oversized closet! We were appalled during our stay! Truly anticipated &quot;warm, Irish hospitality&quot; and short of a barman, no one was Irish, warm or hospitable! Manager was unresponsive to our needs and front desk attendent was incredibly rude when we made a simple request. Her manager (?) refused to come out of the office when she called to ask them to speak with us. Room was pretty at first glance but when dresser drawers fell out and the major construction of the hospital next door began at 7:30am it is not the kind of experience anyone could tolerate. To call this a Red Roof Inn would be an insult to RRI! The manager that finally called us back was soooo fake and insincere that we would have prefered no call at all. The only thing they have going for them is the location but its not worth the trade-off.	
May 3 2005	Very nice!	The room was very nice size, with a comfortable queen bed. When we got to the room the chain on the toilet tank was broken, so I called the front desk, and the maintenance person showed up within 5 minutes and had it fixed. The hotel staff were very friendly and courteous. The elevators were quick and large, which is a change from some of the older downtown hotels. I'd heard some of the hotels had very small rooms and rude staff for the same price we'd paid, and we heard those complaints from some friends who were in town for a wedding. I stayed at this hotel because of the positive reviews on tripadvisor.com and wasn't disappointed. The Joey Buona's restuarant next door to the hotel has good food and a nice staff. We didn't try the hotel's restaurant, only because there were so many other restaurants in the area. The hotel is 1 block from Michigan Ave. and a 3 block walk to the Hancock Tower, and was safe. If you need WiFi access the service is $13/day from Waypoint, and was very reliable and fast. This hotel is 4 blocks from the Chicago Red Line CTA stop, walk 1 block south from Chicago to Superior, then 3 blocks east. It was a 1 hour from O'Hare to the hotel on the CTA, take the Blue line from O'Hare and change at Washington to the Red line to teh Chicago stop. Spending $1.75 was better than the $35 cab ride between the airport and downtown. I'd highly recommend this hotel for your next downtown stay.	
Mar 29 2005	A little Gem!!!	We stayed for 3 nights in March 2005 and absolutely loved this hotel. It is just off Michigan so right in the heart of Chicago. There were 3 of us and we had a superb room on 23rd floor. One kingsize bed and a pull out sofa. We would especially like to thank the really helpful doorman (you will know who you are we discussed golf!) He was so smiley and really helpful. Don't believe the negatives - it is a small, warm and friendly hotel and the Bar/Pizza place next door is also excellent.	
Mar 22 2005	Not what it is cracked up to be!	Living in an Irish community in Chicago I had big expectations of the Fitzpatrick. I was told and read that there would be &quot;irish hospitality&quot; and a superior hotel. First off when we got there not only did they give us the wrong room, but the door lock was out of order. The food was fair and the appearance was not what I thought it would be. I expected to see Irish or Irish American employees working at the reception desk and throughout the hotel. The only &quot;pale face&quot; that I saw was the bartender, everyone else was a minority. One of the employees told me that there are only 6 or 7 irish workers in the entire hotel for the past 3 years. The accomodations were neutral/average, nothing special. Funny enough, a week later at the St. Pat's Parade in Chicago.....there was the Fitzpatrick Hotel marching in the parade ..... However, the hotel did not have their regular employees doing the marching that day. Instead they had irish friends walking in the parde, therefore given the impression that &quot;irish hospitality&quot; is at the hotel. Not having irish employees is not necesarily a big deal, it is just that they appear to mislead their potential customers into something that it is not!!! Some people who may never make it to a real irish hotel in Ireland, may think that the Fitz is the next best thing, IT ISN'T.	
Mar 11 2005 	Fun times at the Fitzpatrick!	This is a cozy, charming, wonderful hotel. The location cannot be beat ... right off Michigan Avenue and not even 5 minutes walk to Water Tower Place. The winter rates are great, especially if you get a suite. The suite is split-level and huge -- perfect for families. Even the regular rooms are larger than what you'd normally find in a big city. The rooms and all public areas feature a traditional Irish/English decor and are immaculate. Every employee I encountered was extremely friendly. The hotel restaurant offers an outstanding Irish breakfast. There is even a cool Irish pub on the lower level that draws a great crowd almost every night and often features live Irish music. The menu offers a good selection of Irish specialties and the food is superb. There's also a great selection of ales on tap. I highly recommend this hotel and pub!	
Mar 8 2005	Loved the Fitzpatrick	My husband and I recently spent one night at the Fitzpatrick and were sorry we couldn't have stayed longer. What a wonderful location that is so close to everything in downtown Chicago! We booked off the hotel website and got a fantastic rate of $109 a night. When we checked in and went up to the room we realized we must have been bumped up to a suite - which was lovely and spacious. We would definitely stay here again!	
Feb 21 2005	Loved to Fitzpatrick	After reading several reviews onTripAdvisor, my husband &amp; I booked one night at the Fitzpatrick. It was a welcoming sight after a long flight from Barcelona Spain. I would categorize this hotel as &quot;boutique&quot;. The staff was friendly and welcoming, the room was spacious, clean and updated. The bed was unbelievably comfortable! The hotel is located close to shopping and restaurants. Because of our long flight we decided to eat next door at Joey Buona's Pizza.....a great meal with huge portions. We would like to go back to the Fitzpatrick for a longer stay. If you are looking for comfort, a good location and great accomodations, the Fitzpatrick is a great choice!	
Feb 20 2005	Brilliant Hotel...first class	I recently booked a &quot;special&quot; deal at the Fitzpatrick in Chicago. The price was very good and having stayed in many hotels in inner cities, my expectations were average, but this was not to be so. We were given a lovely suite way beyond our expectations (clean, comfortable and stylish). The staff were very friendly and professional and the food at Fitzers is highly recommended. The bar staff were extremely professional. I would most definitely stay here again, no doubt.	
Feb 5 2005	Don't stay away	I know everyone has their opinions, as it should be but the two recent &quot;bad&quot; reviews had titles that sounded like this place was just horrendous. When you read the summaries they had two complaints: rude staff and stains...two observations that would not make me warn others in capital letters to STAY AWAY. You would think there were rats nesting in the pillows. We had an unbelievable experience here, the suite was a gem and the staff was both accommodating and cheerful. (Loved the cozy pub and the bartender). Three of us stayed there and our hotel experiences combined would rival any world traveler. I, and my companions would without a doubt stay there again.	
Jan 31 2005	Come see for yourself!	I cannot imagine what caused the dismal review posted last week. I have never encountered such a cheerful, pleasant staff as at the Fitzpatrick Hotel! This was my third stay there and, as always, was most enjoyable. The hotel offers world class suites in a welcoming and warm atmosphere. The food in Fitzer's is surprisingly good and the decor is authentic Irish! (and, after a long flight in from the West Coast, the beds are always something to look forward to). I recall the old saying.. &quot;..you can't please all the people all the time&quot;.. This may be true but the Fitzpatrick Chicago Hotel comes very very close!	
Jan 30 2005	Wonderful stay and location!	Just returned from this hotel...got a suite with king bed. Everything was excellent. We will stay at this hotel from now on. We Loved the Fitzer's Pub downstairs!! Beds were AWESOME! Suites were definitely nice...could tell that the suites were simply 2 rooms put together( with the one separating wall out ) so I could tell that even the regular standard rooms were adequate in size. Anyone that gave this a bad review--I don't get it. I've stayed at numerous luxury hotels and this one did not disappoint. Oh, and I read that one reviewer said there were spiders....no living creatures in our room except us! Wonderful stay! Location can't be beat!	
Jan 21 2005 	Stay Away...!!!!!	Stay away from this hotel. Front Desk staff was rude and unhelpful. Our &quot;so-called' suite was nothing special with old non descript furniture and the bathroom was the size of a post stamp. The air conditionning is so old that you either freeze to death or end up in sauna-like conditions. The only good thing about this place is its location!!!	
Jan 11 2005	GREAT HOTEL / GREAT CITY	My wife and I had a fabulous stay at The Fitzpatrick over New Year and we can't wait to return. It was our first visit to America and we just loved the city. We were visiting friends who had moved over to the windy city a year ago from London and they recommended that we stay at The Fitzpatrick. We booked on their website and got a great rate (the currency differential really helps too). The location could not have been better and we were made to feel very welcome by everybody. Our room was large and comfortable. We wanted to take the king-size bed home, it was so comfortable. We hope to return to The Fitzpatrick again next year. What a great city. Our friends have settled in well and are really happy there. They showed us around all the lovely sites, bars and great restaurants and we were lucky with the weather too.	
Jan 11 2005	Thumbs up for Fitzpatrick's!	Myself and my husband treated ourselves to a long-haul shopping trip to Chicago last November 18th for 3 nights. We were very pleased with Fitzpatrick's Hotel, we found the staff to be very friendly, Fitzers bar was lovely with a nice, warm atmosphere and good food. The beds were the most comfortable we've EVER slept in, I normally can't wait to get back to my bed at home after a hotel stay but it was the opposite on this trip! Location wise, it's perfect too. One small criticism - I thought our bedroom carpet could do with either a carpet-shampoo clean or else replaced as it was stained and a little scruffy looking. All in all, a great hotel and if we ever go back to Chicago we'll definitely book Fitzpatrick's again.	
Jan 7 2005	Fitz is a beautiful exceptional hotel with excellent service	My husband and I stayed at the Fitzpatrick Hotel in Chicago for our anniversary last fall, based on the recommendation of some friends who loved it. We are from the Chicago suburbs but wanted a long weekend in the city, and preferred a hotel with a convenient location just a walk away from the restaurants and the shopping.The Fitz gave us excellent, friendly service from a very accomodating staff. Our room was clean, very beautifully decorated and so cozy. The beds were exceptionally comfortable with pillow mattresses, and the general atmosphere was lovely. We loved all the extra touches the Fitz offered, such as the lush robes and even umbrellas, which came in handy one of the days! We also tried the pub for lunch and were served delicious food from a very attentive waiter.We had one of our best hotel stays there and a very memorable weekend. We were very grateful to our friends for suggesting it, and would highly suggest a stay there to anyone who's looking for a wonderful, unique hotel. I know we're planning to go back.	
Jan 7 2005 	Fantastic Value -- Best location!!	I stay in alot of hotels and never become &quot;attached&quot; to any one in particular - until I stayed at the Fitzpatrick. Very welcoming, friendly staff and wonderful rooms! The location is the best hotel value you will find in Chicago! Right of the Mag Mile and within a block of the best shopping in the country! If you want to feel as though you come &quot;home&quot; to your hotel room - stay at the Fitzpatrick!	
Dec 27 2004	The fabulous Fitzpatrick	I have stayed at many hotels in central Chicago over the past few years, but from now on it will be The Fitzpatrick every time.Friendly, intimate and amazing rooms (they're huge). From the bellman right through to the bar and dining staff, everyone was courteous, friendly, helpful and polite. I felt that the employees were truly pleased to assist and appreciated my business. Also - the location is absolutely perfect in the heart of Michigan Ave. THANK YOU FITZPATRICKS !!! I&quot;LL BE BACK AGAIN SOON !!!	
Dec 17 2004	DO NOT STAY HERE!!!	Stayed at the Fitzpatrick before, about 4 years ago, it was ok. The management was great, staff was so kind, and rooms were clean. ** But this time I promised my self NEVER to go back!! The new staff was so rude!! I made a reservation for my Anniversary on the internet, and the day of check in I was told by the hotel staff that they do not have my reservation!**1) I was transferred around back and forth from the hotel staff to the reservations hotline. 2) Staff was extremely rude! Not arrogant, but rude! Like they hated thier job.3) They offered check in at 1pm but the room wasn't ready till 3pm!4) There were stains everywhere!5) Because of the high sales of rooms due to popularity on this site, they must have hired a cheap unfriendly staff.	
Nov 27 2004	Fabulous Fitzpatrick Hospitality	While I have always loved traveling to the wonderful city of Chicago, I have never enjoyed a visit more then the past weekend when I had the pleasure of staying at the Fitzpatrick! Though I had never heard of the Fitzpatrick before, I am now convinced this is Chicago's best kept secret.. The staff was wonderful, informative and welcoming. Special thanks to the front door and bell staff for the enthusiastic welcome each time we entered the front doors. I believe they only have about 140 rooms, small and intimate by Chicago standards. And boy, does that become apparent by the personal service you receive from every member of the staff. The rooms are lovely and offer every amenity needed for a weekend visit. (The canopy over our bed made us feel like royalty!)We were disappointed to find out we had arrived a week before the holiday festivites kicked off, better planning next year... We will definatley return to the Fitzpatrick Hotel (and also check out their hotels in New York as well). Bravo to all the staff... Keep up the good work!	
Nov 23 2004	Excellent Price Excellent Service	I stayed at this property for 3 nights. It was centrally located in downtown Chicago. The staff was warm &amp; friendly. I had a long trip &amp; the front desk made sure my room was ready when I checked it. The price was very affordable for a business person. Would definitely stay again.	
Nov 23 2004	Love the Fitzpatrick!!!!!!!!!	What a pleasant surprise! This was my first time staying at the Fitzpatrick and I loved it! From now on this is my hotel of choice when I travel to Chicago. The staff was warm and welcoming, they went above and beyond in making you feel at home. The rooms were beautiful, the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. The room was great for someone like me traveling on business and in need of space and amenities. I loved the pub, Fitzers, great food and atmosphere. I highly recommend staying at this property.	
Nov 22 2004	beautiful hotel! wonderful staff!	I just returned from a long weekend with my sister in law . We were celebrating her birthday in Chicago and picked the Fitzpatrick Hotel because of reviews. We were so thrilled from the moment we set foot in the lobby until we walked into the beautiful cozy room. Whenever we needed anything it arrived in minutes. Joel the doorman, was adorable and it was such a pleasure to arrive back at &quot;home&quot; and be greeted and asked how our day went. The rooms were so comfortable and the beds!!!...the beds were the best I've EVER slept in from any hotel coast to coast! We really felt as if we were a guest in someone's home. Thank you Fitzpatrick. I will absolutely be back!	
Nov 17 2004	Beautiful Hotel Fantastic Entertainment in the Fizter Pub and Restaurant!	We are from Washington DC and visited Chicago September 23-26, 2004. We stayed at The Fitzpatrick and we must say that this was the most elegant and affordable hotel on the magnificent mile! We had dinner at Fitzer's Pub, and the food was delectible, and reasonably priced. The Katie Sullivan Band show was phenomenal! We ended up staying for their entire show- the lead vocalist, Katie Sullivan has the voice of a lark, but very soulful, energetic, and passionate. We enjoyed Irish pub music, oldies, Patsy Cline songs, and even Chicago blues. What a great night! There were people dancing in the restaurant and down the beautiful spiral staircase that leads to Fitzer's. We left the Fitzpatrick Hotel very sad to check out- we definitely will be staying there again in March for St. Patrick's Day. We will dine there again, and hope they have great entertainment like our first trip - it seems that this place is a secret treasure in the city, and we were very glad to have found it!	
Oct 26 2004	GREAT HOTEL GREAT STAFF	The Fitzpatrick is in a perfect location. The staff were friendly and quite helpful. I would stay in this hotel again and highly recommend it.	
Oct 26 2004	Great Hotel big lovely rooms great location just off Magnificent Mile.	We had a fantastic time in Chicago, fell in Love with this beautiful City. Try the Altwood Cafe in the Loop, lovely Lunch and Decor. The B.L.U.E.S. Club in Halsted N. Live Blues every night, fantastic Place, oldest Bluesclub in the City.	
Sep 24 2004	great location	The Fitzpatrick was easy to find and the location was very good. The room was nice, clean, comfortable, and the lobby was managed by young Irish kids who were friendly and fun. The location was very close to the walk/riding path along the lakes as well as just a block down the street from the very restaurant we wanted to have dinner at that night!We brought our bikes and wanted to do some riding early on Sunday morning. There was no problem - they got our car up and even helped us get our bikes together and got us some water for the ride. Our stay was pleasant and we'd definitely go back again. However, I'd recommend the breakfast at the outside bar on the lakeside path rather than the breakfast at the hotel, tho the hotel breakfast was fine. We just like being outside better! Our stay was the last weekend in June, 2004.	
Sep 15 2004	Fitz is Ok but some problems.	I booked our stay at the Fitz based on the positive reviews I read here. Overall, I was happy with the experience, but there were a few problems. First, the room was nice and generally clean, but, it was loaded with spiders. If you turned on the lights at night, spiders would scurry to hide. Also, the refrigerator did not work. Next, the pool was filthy and was ice-cold. Oh well. Lastly, the valet parkers are thieves. They stole a rader detector and DVD player out of my car. These could have been stolen by no one else. That cost me $500.00. Keep these things in mind when booking your room.	
Sep 14 2004	Great Hotel from Credible Source	I have been a travel manager for a while now so I rate hotels all over the US. I recently had the opportunity to stay at the Fitz in Chicago. It has a great staff that greeted me as I walked in through the door. The bellmen were professional and the front desk was very helpful.My room was beautiful and spacious. Turndown service every night. Great experience. Great Location.	
Sep 13 2004	Great base for your visit to Chicago	We stayed at the Fitzpatrick at the end of August after reading reviews on Tripadvisor and were not disappointed. Only drawback was the intial room we were allocated on the top floor was subject to a loud droning noise coming from somewhere, we stayed there for one night and asked for a move which was arranged without problems. The room was clean and the bed very comfy. The hotel also provided an emergency razor, toothbrush etc until a missing case was delivered. The bar area was pleasant and all the staff took an interest in doing a good job from the Reception staff to the bell boy and breakfast supervisor. The location is excellent, we were able to travel by CTA train and bus from the airport and found the hotel quite easily, the visitor pass for the public transport is well worth buying, you get to travel around with the locals and see the real Chicago. We found the Fitzpatrick to be a great base to visit the city. (A recommendatin if you are visiting the city do take a trip to Howl at the Moon one night, great musical entertainment). If we went back to Chicago we would stay at the Fitzpatrick again.	
Sep 8 2004	Not at all what we expected	We also chose to stay at the Fitzpatrick Chicago Hotel because of good reviews on tripadvisor.com. At such an expensive rate, we really expected a top-notch hotel. I booked the room directly through the Fitzpatrick and specifically requested an early check-in at 1pm. We arrived at 11am and were told there wouldn't be a room available until 3pm. Suggestion: don't offer early check-in if you can't supply it. They allow Brittish Airways Crews rooms before paying customers. Our room wasn't dirty, as some other reviews have stated. The bed appeared nice until we tried to sleep that night. In a 4 1/2 star hotel, you expect fitted sheets on the mattress - no such luck at the Fitzpatrick. For sleeping, you have a sheet and a flimsy blanket. If you want a quiet room, don't stay here. We heard doors slamming through all hours of the night, along with sirens from the street 27 floors below us. The pool was cold and looked like it hadn't been cleaned in 5 years. We returned to our room the second day after housekeeping had been there to find our remote control was gone, as was our Robe. The robe is provided for your stay, however, if you take it, they charge you $75! I mentioned it when we checked out, and was told that we wouldn't be charged for it, but I won't be surprised if we are. Overall: it was too expensive. We probably could have had a more enjoyable stay at a Motel 6.	
Aug 30 2004	A Very Bad Experience	Ironic -- as I went online to post this, I read the 8.26 review by a Seattle guest. My sister and I had much the same experience last week. After extensive online research of Chicago hotels, we chose the Fitzpatrick based on the very positive TripAdvisor comments. I have no idea how this place receives a 4-star rating. The carpeting was dirty and stained, as were the bedspreads and bedskirts. The closet door and nightstand were missing handles. The toilet did not flush properly ... the pool was small and dirty. As I checked under the bed to be sure we weren't leaving anything, I noticed the metal bed frame was broken. And the list goes on and on ... I have stayed at many hotels and would expect some of this at a less expensive place, but certainly not from such a highly rated place. We had our children with us and we so wanted to look forward to a nice room in the evenings, but as we stood in the rain at Navy Pier we didn't look forward to returning to the Fitzpatrick. As we passed other hotels we would say 'we could have been there'. Sad that it had such a negative affect on our vacation. Buyer beware!	
Aug 26 2004 	Huge Disappointment	Stayed at the Fitzpatrick as a result of all of the glowing reviews on TripAdvisor and to avoid the normal corporate hotel. Good location but the room was dirty, and not just from the last housekeeping. It was dingy: a place where you needed the slippers they provided. And this was a suite. Also, the refrigerator was caked with ice and didn't work. Furthermore, because my travel agent had mixed up the dates I was to travel, I showed up a day late. The hotel said it wasn't a problem and that I wouldn't be charged for the no-show the night before. I had my travel desk verify this with the hotel management the same day. Then the Fitzpatrick charged me for both nights and refused to reverse the charges after many attempts to resolve. Neither I nor my corporate travel desk will use the Fitzpatrick again. Two dots only because it's in a good location and because the lobby was clean. I'm generally easy to please and slow to complain but this was bad.	
Aug 24 2004	Fitz is fantastic	I have stayed at the Fitz for 2 years in a row on a &quot;Cubs vacation&quot;. The place is top notch. Location, rooms, staff, you name it, and it excels. I won't stay at any other hotel when I visit the Windy City. Great little Italian Restaurant next door, and a friendly Irish Pub in the hotel itself. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 10 2004	Great place to stay in the city	We wanted to return the favor because we selected the Fitzpatrick based on the other reviews we read on this site. I'm happy to say that our expectations were met. Great bed, very clean, great location. (The small rooftop pool wasn't very inviting so don't base your choice to stay here for the pool.) I wanted to add that we had drinks and a pizza next door on the Joey B's roof and that even added to our pleasant experience here. Highly recommended!	
Aug 3 2004	Absolutely Wonderful!	My husband, daughter and I stayed at the Fitzpatrick last week and from start to finish we had an absolutely wonderful time. Chicago is a fabulous city and the Fitzpatrick was an excellent choice for our stay.	
Jul 29 2004	Dreamy bed	The most fantastic mattress I have ever slept upon. Did not want to get up - ever.	
Jul 17 2004	Nice hotel great location	Our four days at the Fitzpatrick were so nice. The pillowtop mattress was as comfortable as ours at home. The bathroom was a good size. The best part was the location. The hotel is just a block off of the Magnificient Mile with free trolleys stopping right down the street. The Hancock tower and the Visitor's Center are also within just a few blocks. We spent one evening watching the stars come out on the roof by the pool. I can't wait to go back. Everyone working for the hotel was friendly and helpful. This hotel was a great value for this location.	
Jul 16 2004	Almost perfect!	This is a truly wonderful hotel! I had researched nearly every place to stay in the downtown Chicago area. The location and price are unbeatable. Everyone was very kind and helpful! We did have one problem with the air conditioning unit leaking water onto the carpeting. However after bringing this to the managers attention we were compensated appropriately. The bed is heaven! Also being one block from the American Girl Store was a wonderful attribute. We will surely be back!	
Jul 16 2004	Top Rating Well Deserved for the Fitz	Thanks to TripAdvisor and contributors, we had a wonderful Chicago stay in July 2004 at the Fitzpatrick. Other reviews were correct, so I won't reiterate the extensive praise. We'd dispute the &quot;cramped bathroom&quot; complaint: it's not palatial, but certainly big enough and nicely appointed.A king suite on the 20th floor was so quiet we thought we were the only guests in the hotel. Our north-facing (back side) window revealed the upper 2/3 of the John Hancock building 3 blocks away, plus a glimpse of the lake 2 blocks east. In-room coffee service is typical; small fridge chilled our refreshments nicely.Fitzpatrick's value seems far better than other 4-star downtown hotels: $169 from Travelocity, and the hotel declined to charge the $30 per additional person for our teenagers (it would still be a bargain).We liked breakfast at the Water Tower Center (2nd floor food court) two blocks north: full hot selection, fresh sticky buns in the pan, greatest strawberries, about $6 each, quick-easy-good.The Fitz is closer to the lake shore than any hotel we saw. Reach the boardwalk (across Lake Shore Drive) via pedestrian underpass near Chicago St. (1 block north). Navy Pier, and the next underpass, is a 15 minute walk south, passing a little beach.You can get a 24-hour CTA pass for $5, covering buses and trains (2-3 blocks from the hotel), even the blue line from O'Hare. CTA service is great, except for #10 bus to Museum of Science and Industry, which has limited service (20-30 minutes between buses).	
Jun 25 2004	Wonderful Hotel	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Fitzpatrick in early June 2004 for my birthday-great hotel! Location provides easy walking to Navy Pier, Marshall Field, Michigan Avenue &amp; John Hancock. Room seemed spacious even though its only about 300 sq ft. Lots of room in bathroom; comfortable bed; very quiet, upscale hotel. We would definitely stay here again!	
May 21 2004	Great hotel. Great location	We have just spent 4 very enjoyable days staying at this super hotel, in a great location in the heart of wonderful Chicago. Our suite was attractive, spacious and very comfortable - with views of the John Hancock Tower - just a couple of blocks away. My husband particularly appreciated the twin TVs! The staff were friendly, helpful and welcoming. My only minor ciriticism is that the electric wiring needs looking at. Half the lamps in our room did not work.	
May 20 2004	Well satisfied with the Fitzpatrick	The Fitzpatrick is a very good hotel in a very good location. It deserves most of the accolades showered upon it by other reviewers. We stayed for five nights with friends in two one-bedroom suites on the eighth floor. We were slightly disappointed with our room compared to theirs. Ours was at the back of the hotel looking onto some quite noisy extractor fans and the carpet was somewhat soiled in places. The remote keyboard for internet access didn't work because the batteries were flat and the CD player wouldn't function. In contrast, our friends had a better view from the front of the hotel, more sensibly placed furniture and cleaner carpets. On the plus side, our bed was one of the most comfortable we have slept in, reception staff were wonderfully friendly and helpful, the breakfast buffet was excellent, Fitzers pub in the basement was comfortable and served tasty pub grub, and the location near the John Hancock building would be difficult to beat (dinner on the 95th floor of the Hancock was excellent but pricey and nearby Spiaggia served the best G&amp;Ts of our US tour). We loved Chicago and would certainly return to the Fitzpatrick if and when we visit again. 	
May 13 2004	Terrific for business travel	I was in Chicago for business and the found the Fitzpatrick to be an ideal hotel for business travel. I had plenty of room in my executive suite, the hotel was very quiet and the service was well above average. Next time I travel to Chicago, I plan on staying at the Fitzpatrick again.	
May 9 2004	If Only All Hotels Were Like This !	My wife and I stayed at a Suite in the Fitzpatrick for one week at the start of May. From the moment we arrived in the foyer of the Hotel we knew we had made the right choice. (Based on research through trip advisor).The Suite itself had &quot;wow&quot; factor,the minute you opened the door. It was clean, fresh, quiet, well appointed and spacious beyond our expectations. We even had a direct view of the Hancock building and a bit of lake Michigan. The staff were genuinely friendly,helpful and attentive and any faults(very minor) were dealt with immediately and without quibble.Breakfast at the hotel was plentiful and good value.The location was perfect for us,near the water tower and at the top end of Michigan Avenue where you could wander around quite safely night and day.My wife and I are experienced travellers and travel regularly to North America where we consider the hotels to be far superior to those in the U.K - But without a doubt this is the best we've stayed In and only wish it were the benchmark for all hotels.My only regret !, I didn't take home the complementary bath robe and slippers you find in the room when you arrive?On the day we left May 7th,the roof top pool was being prepared for its grand summer opening.	
Apr 13 2004	Cozy Convenient Regal E	We stayed at the Fitzpatrick Chicago Hotel over Easter weekend and had a terrific time. My wife and I are very demanding consumers and this was one of our best hotel experiences yet. We paid $109/nt plus taxes through Travelocity for room 1502 (the smallest room type).Here's what we liked: - Room design (unique layout with steps leading to the bed area, great intimate lighting) - Location (near the midpoint of the Magnificent Mile - the premium Chicago shopping district with a good italian restaurant and Benihana's downstairs) - Room view (all the rooms on the south side face down N St. Clair St, giving you a view 6 blocks long) - Full breakfast offered pancackes, sausages, scrambled eggs, muffins, danish, bacon, fresh fruit, cereals, coffee/tea, OJ, bagels, yogurt in a civilized dining room for $9.95/person (for cheaper options go to the McD's at the Chicago Place food court at the corner) - Other great things; staff, furnishings, window/bed treatments, bed linens, 3 internet jacks plus free MSNBC access via the LodgeNet TV, and a mini fridge that you can actually use.Slight room for improvement: - Bed was a little soft for my back (they use thick pillow-top mattresses, maybe I'm not used to this) - TV was a little small (19&quot;?) - No Vending machines (go to the bar downstairs or around the corner to Walgreens) - Valet parking is $32/day with in/out privs (you can self-park for less at 3 places on Chicago Ave for $20-26/day)FYI...Chicago tourist highlights: - The Chicago Architectural Foundation walking tours (http://www.architecture.org/) - The Hancock Observatory (94th floor, definitely splurge for the audio tour, for a cheaper experience order a drink at the lounge on 96) - The Marshall Fields flagship store (an amazing renovation, you could spend a whole day here, free audio tours)	
Apr 6 2004	Great hotel for Central Chicago	Have stayed at this hotel on several occasions and have never failed to be anything but delighted. Great Bar (draught Stella and Guinness) which was being upgraded at the end of March when I was last there, good food, lovely staff, large clean rooms, comfortable beds, spot on location for the Golden Mile, Joey's Pizzas next door are fantastic.Ignore any bad reviews you read about this hotel as the authors must either have been very unlucky or impossible to please.Highly recommended	
Mar 3 2004	Didn't go wrong with Fitzpatrick	We stayed at the Fitzpatrick in August 2003 when we took my 11 y/o daughter for a weekend at American Girl Place. We were very pleased upon registration to find the lobby full of airline pilots and stewards checking in for their lay over stays. Always a good sign you picked the right place. We loved it!! Great location for magnificent mile shopping and close walking distance to American Girl Place. Clean, friendly staff, and great beds. Will definately stay here again. PS: the itallian restaurant next door was very good with generous portions. Area felt safe for a woman and child.	
Feb 25 2004	Don't believe the hype	My wife and I stayed at the Fitzpatrick for one night. We had booked the hotel for two nights but we ended up checking out early and moving to the nicer and cheaper Wyndham. The rave reviews brought us to this hotel but I wonder if I was at the wrong hotel altogether. The suite was tired looking and the bathroom was incredibly small. Not to mention the smell of smoke in the bathroom (in a non-smoking room) and the fact that the tub did not drain during a shower. Our stay at the hotel was all around disappointing, perhaps our expectations were too high because they were based on these reviews.	
Feb 11 2004	great bed	We loved the room.The sunken living room and separate bedroom made for a spacious feel,but the mattress was the best one we had slept on anywhere, ever!! I can't wait to go back again.	
Feb 3 2004	A Great Deal for a Great Stay!! I LOVE the Fitz~	I just adore this hotel! It's like a second home to me, and since my first stay, I am frankly afraid to book with another hotel downtown. The service, the suites (I have only stayed in suites), and the extras.. such as the cd player,robes... were all great. It's the only hotel I know of that has not only a reasonably-priced, but also delicious room service menu, as well as the menus in the restaurants... including a good breakfast buffet. The only complaints I have ever had are... 1) A very small wading pool, 2) Ice delivery verses machines on every floor, and 3) small bathrooms in the suites. Although there could be improvements, I suspect that these lesser features add up to the great price. If you look, the Fitz has the largest, most elegantly understated, comfortable, and fair priced suites on Michigan Ave. I know I will never stay elsewhere in downtown Chicago. Thanks, Fitz!	
Jan 31 2004	Discovered the real Chicago	My wife and I attend numerous seminars together. Without a doubt, the Fitzpatrick has been our most enjoyable trip yet. Being able to walk out the door, and sample all the great sights, and food in the area is a real treat. We will be back soon !!!	
Jan 14 2004	When Irish Eyes are Smiling	We (my wife and I) have stayed in a couple of different hotels in Chicago on our three trips there. Most recently we spent 4 nights in the Chicago Fitzpatrick in July 2003. The room was enormous, very comfortable, very clean and the air conditioning worked! The room was actually a small suite with a fridge and wet bar, two TV's, a CD player, trouser press, bathrobes and even an umbrella. The bathroom was really nicely appointed and spotless. Position of the hotel is in our opinion perfect for a tourist visiting Chicago and the staff are extremely helpful and friendly. We booked through Expedia which worked perfectly, but the same rates were also available through their own website fitzpatrickhotels.com. Our flight to Chicago was delayed by storms and by the time we arrived at the hotel we were tired, hungry and fed up. To find such a beautiful suite waiting for us and to be welcomed by such pleasant reception staff was just what we needed. We love Chicago, will definitely be back and will definitely be staying at the Fitzpatrick.	
Jan 2 2004	Treated like Gold on the Gold Coast	Chose the Fitzpatrick for its great location and a special on the rate and was not disappointed. It's great to be steps from Michigan Avenue, behind Neiman Marcus, and a block from Water Tower. Frequently stay in the city, so can compare with others of higher price and less luxurious accommodations. A secure and comfortable room, especially clean and convenient with coffee, fridge, robe, slippers, hair dryer, pants press, iron/board. Friendly, helpful staff who seemed glad to assist. Our new favorite!	
Dec 2 2003	WI CT visit	We stayed at the Fitzpatrick in October of 2003 and absolutely loved it!! I picked up my fiance at o'hare and we arrived in Chicago at 9:30 a.m. knowing check in was not until 3:00. We planned to check our bags and tour the city, but to our surprise our room was ready and we were able to check in immediately. The desk staff was very friendly as was everyone else we encountered. The rooms were perfect...not your typical layout. I would agree a bit on the small side, but plenty of room for our weekend stay and if we needed more room we could have upgraded. The bed was way compfy.. CD player a nice addition and we loved the sitting area. There was also a mini treadmill right in the room. We had lunch at the pub downstairs.. food was fantastic, reasonably priced and the server was excellent. Parking may seem pricey to those of us not used to paying for parking... but for Chicago, it was reasonable. Not to mention you could come and go and most parking ramps downtown do not offer that perk. His flight did not leave until 6p.m. and we were able to leave the car well past our &quot;parking&quot; limit at no charge. As a whole we loved Chicago and defineately will plan more visits. I am from the midwest, but was still impressed with how friendly, helpful, and pleasant EVERYONE we encountered was.. my fiance, being from the East, was stunned, he could not get over it. We will def. stay at the Fitzpatrick in the future. Thanks for a great weekend!!!	
Oct 11 2003	To die for! Left me speechless!	I was looking for a hotel in downtown for my wife's birthday. Based on the reviews I read I decided to go with the Fitzpatrick. I got an excellent price from thier website, and I kept in touch with Tim Hienz who works at the front desk. I couldn't imagine him to be any nicer, out of kindness he upgraded my room from a Standard, to a King Suite! Wow, the rooms were to die for! They were so cozy, well decorated, clean, and had everything you can imagine; much better than the Four Seasons. The staff met my every need, such as putting our cake in the freezer, giving us complimentry champange and finger foods, most importantly they were very freindly. Also the hotel is right in downtown. Such much to say, if I were you I would definately stay here, look for great we deals, and keep in touch with Tim Hienz.	
Sep 13 2003	Definitely a worthwhile place to stay.	We stayed at the Fitzpatrick hotel over July 4th weekend, having chosen it based on Tripadvisor reviews. We weren't disappointed. ALL the staff were, without exception, the friendliest, most accommodating staff of any hotel we have stayed at in the downtown area. The location is perfect. The rooms well equipped and large, with the most comfortable beds one could hope for. Fitzer's Pub is charming. The breakfast room is quiet, and a welcome respite from the mad rush of eating breakfast at the bakery down the street. Valet parking was extremely prompt.However, as with all hotels, it wasn't perfect. We had a queen suite and the bathroom is very small. No problem for us, but cramped if you like large plush bathrooms. The roof top pool sounds novel but is very small and there is no shade. The TVs, although there are two, with a large selection of channels, are probably the smallest I have seen in any of the numerous hotels we have stayed in. The last thing we were not crazy about was having to call for ice there are no ice machines on the floors.Having said all this, the Fitzpatrick is still most definitely worth a visit! The pros far outweigh the cons.	
Sep 4 2003	Great Stay at the Fitz	Based our long weekend stay off of positive comments from this site. We couldn't be happier with our stay at the Fitz. We had a Queen Suite that was wonderful. Far larger than normal hotel rooms, and segmented enough to rpvide a little privacy (if someone is sleeping in and another wants to watch TV in the living room area. Wonderful service from the concierge and bellman. Bags were brought up immediately upon arrival. Suite had a nice Brookstone CD system that was so much nicer than just turining on a TV when spending some down time in the room. Perfectly close to Mich Ave. One down side is that there was only 1 bellman to help with nags on Sunday morning. As this is a prime departure time, I would've thought 2 or 3 would be more appropriate.	
Sep 2 2003	Fitzpatrick very pleasant	My husband &amp; I booked the Fitzpatrick through Orbitz and were looking for quality as well as a good price. We were very happy with the Fitzpatrick's room and staff. Beth Johnsen our concierge made reservations for us when we couldn't get through to a restaurant, the valets were very helpful in getting us cabs, and everyone was friendly and interested in making our stay pleasant. The location couldn't be better, and the only negative for us was the $33.00 a day parking. I know that it's pretty standard but we will probably park elsewhere next time or go by plane and forget the car. You don't really need it.	
Aug 23 2003	Fitzpatrick is Fitzperfect!	I just returned from a business trip to Chicago and stayed at the Fitzpatrick based on the reviews I read here. I love this hotel. Generally not one for boutique hotels, I think the Fitzpatrick may have changed my mind. As I travel quite a bit for business I've stayed in all types of hotels and I must say that the Fitzpatrick really felt like home on the road. I stayed in what was probably one of the smaller rooms, but I did request a room with a view upon check in. The staff at the desk were lovely, as was the bellman who was always nearby to help. The sleeping area of my room was sunken, I walked down two steps to get to the bed. It made the room appear larger than it was and was a delightful change from your ordinary room. The bed was awesome, huge and you almost have to climb on, which I love. The canopy was gorgeous with lighting hidden within. My view was fabulous and the only minor problem I had was the water pressure, which is a problem in most places because I hate water saving shower-heads. The room was immaculate and the maids are very sweet. In fact everyone I encountered at the Fitzpatrick was warm and delightful and when you happened upon one of the employees with an irish accent it is charming. The location is terrific and I walked to the art museum (go!) but I love to walk, so the 15 or so blocks didn't bother me and the tribune and wrigley buildings were like cathedrals in their architecture, so I grabbed any opportunity to walk by and gawk. My conference was held at the Palmer house, which is grand and lovely, but I was happy I chose the more intimate Fitzpatrick. It's Fitz-perfect!	
Aug 23 2003	Elegant touch right off of Michigan Ave	17 stories up with a beautiful bedroom view; friendly staff; great room service; just needed a slightly bigger bathroom. Romantic for a gorgeous night in Chicago...America's City.	
Aug 13 2003	Refined 	Our four day stay here was great. We had a suite and it was tastefully done...staff was friendly and the breakfast buffet was also very good, reasonably priced...one block from the MagMile...near the Neiman Marcus and about two blocks from the Red Line &quot;El&quot;/Chicago station. Workout room is okay but you need to take a separate elevator there. Next door is a Bennihanas and a new pizza place with a mountain of an ice cream sundae dessert. Down the block is the corner bakery. This is a very nice hotel with an upper roof pool....it was small but nice. We would stay here again.	
Aug 13 2003	I found the pot of gold....	I totally agree with Fit For A Princess's review!I would like to add that fresh flowers would be nice. As well as easier access to pop machines. Ice machine would also be nice...ecspecially for the kids. Kids love to get hotel ice!I must say, the breakfast was terrible. The eggs served in the US Army were much better. But more about the coffee...if you arrive within 30 minutes of closing the breakfast buffet, you can forget about getting a fresh pot of coffee. The hot water was also empty and upon notifying the so-called server, they just brought out a cup of hot water, nevermind other guests were entering the dining facility. But back to the coffee...another guest arrived and the server asked if she would like some coffee? She said yes so he picked up the used carafe from the empty table beside her (which she couldn't see), walked behind the bar and straight over to the coffee urn where he tipped it up to get those lost few drops of coffee sludge. Let's hope the previous patron did not inadvertntly dispose of something in the carafe!And who actually sits at the Lobby desk? I never once say a warm body in what I assume is the conceirge desk!Beware...if the Benihana Restaurant next door is open, you may not want to dine there. During my stay it was closed by Mayor Daley's Dumpster Patrol!But I really did love this hotel. Great people, great location, great bed, perfect for that date when you want to impress your significant other and your a little low on cash!	
Aug 11 2003	The Fabulous Fitzpatrick is fit for a princess!	My sister and I took our children to Chicago to visit American Girl Place. After reading many reviews and seeing the AG Special ($219 a night, breakfast and a $50 AG certificate) we decieded to stay at the Fitzpatrick.When we pulled up the outside of the hotel was rather plain and unimpressive. The Irish and American flag let us know we were at the right place. The bellman and doorman were right there ready to assist us with our bags. Once inside the lobby was very pretty, although on the small side (in my mind I expected a grand lobby). There was a cool spiral staircase that lead down to the hotel bar. We arrived at noon and knew the room would not be ready. The valet parked the car and the bellman held our bags for us so that we could go shopping.We came back at 3:30 and the room was still not ready. We waited in the bar and ordered the kids some food. My son ordered grilled cheese and it was nasty. (How can you mess up grilled cheese?) The bartender was very friendly and provided great service. At 4:30 the room was ready.We were on the 22nd floor. I was so worried that the room would be small and not meet my sisters finicky taste. (She'll kill me for saying that) I got to the room first. When I opened the door I was speechless! It was beautiful. The door opened to a foyer with a long table and a mirror above. (Great place to drop your keys, packages, etc. and on a place to do a quick hair, make-up, outfit check before dashing out the door) Off the foyer was a walk in closet. This would have made a great second bathroom. It was a nice place to store luggage and shopping bags, but it did lack a light.From the foyer there were two steps down to the living area. The living room featured a large desk, club chair, hide-a-bed sofa (which didn't kill my back when sleeping on it), coffee table and two end tables. The (as said before) small t.v. was on a three drawer dresser and was shared between the living area and the bed area. (Room needed two t.v.'s) Also in the living room had a very nice radio/cd player. In the living room was a small closet with a safe.The living room lead to the bedroom area. The bed was the best! It was a huge king size with a down comforter and the best sheets. There were three fluffy bed pillows along with toss pillows and big pillows in shams to match the beautiful bedding. Above the bed was a canopy (not a full four poster style, but still lovely) with a reading/mood light with a dimmer. It was a bed fit for a princess!From the bed area there were two steps up to a closet and large dresser. On the other side of this area was a half wall with a bar, cabinet and refrigerator (a microwave would have been nice).The bathroom was off this area. It was done in black, white and gold. As others have said it was small, but not too small. One downside was there were not outlets in the alcove with the mirror. It was a great spot to do make-up, but I had to move to the bar to do my hair.The windows did look out to an office building, but you could still see the city. (It was slightly entertaining watching people in meetings, knowing they were watching you too and paying no attention to what was going on around them) The rooftop pool was small, but the kids didn't seem to mind and there was a nice view of the city.We had the use of two fluffy bathrobes, slippers and the Fitzpatrick umbrella (nice touch). The staff was very friendly (no snobish employees). Everyone seemed glad to be there. A gentleman vacuuming the hallway from the pool even stoped while we waited for the elevator and chatted with us. The hotel was very clean. The location could not have been better. The doorman was always right there to help with the door, stroller, bags and hailing cabs. The bellhop loaded the very packed auto and even tied our extra baggage onto the roof rack. The staff went above and beyond with wonderful service. I loved the Fitzpatrick. I would stay again in a heartbeat.Some things I learned that may help you:Do not get the AG Special. You only get one $50 certificate regardless of how many nights you stay. You can get the same room for around $150 a night. You just don't get the gift certificate or the breakfast (which was nothing special, they need to look into improving food quality).If you do not want to spend $5.00 to have a soda delivered via room service take the guestroom elevator down to the dinning room floor and then take the other elevator (quite the trip for a Coke) up to the excercise room where there is a soda machine and snack machine.Eat dinner on the rooftop at the Italian restaurant down a few doors from the hotel. Great food, ambience and service!The Double Decker bus tour was neat, but boring for little kids. The tour guide was not as funny as advertised.	
Jul 23 2003	Somewhat disappointed with Hotel	After reading the reviews of the Chicago Fitzpatrick I couldn't wait to stay there during my July 19-21, 03 visit to Chicago. We arrived late - 7:00 PM - quite tired from touring Oak Park. Much to my surprise, I was told the room was not ready. We were told a large group just checked out. (That's not my problem.) Desk personnel tried to pacify us with two free drink coupons. Around 7:45 PM - I again checked on the room status and it still was not ready. I insisted on two more drink coupons and reluctantly got them. The room was finally ready around 8:00 PM. The previous review mentioned bathrobes - we were supposed to get bathrobes? None in our room. I have stayed in hundreds of hotels and never once did I have to wait more than an hour past the the agreed upon check-in time - usually 3:00 PM. When I did, I was either given an upgrade or a fruit/cheese/wine basket with a note of apology from the management. On the positive side, the room was quite nice. Small, but nice. With the exception of the bath robes - the room was well stocked. There was even an umbrella available for use while in town - a nice addition for those who have travelled without taking one and then having to buy one on the road. I prepaid for the room through a consolidator - I wonder if that was the reason I got the room so late. The prepaid rate did not include taxes which were 14% - which would have been about an additional $42. That was not added to my check out total. I don't know if it was an oversight or the hotel's way of apologizing for the delay. Also, I knew about the $33 parking charge - which is outrageous - but, that is the going rate in the neighborhood. We did find a $23 rate several block away on the corner of Ontario and Lake Shore Dr.	
Jul 20 2003	Loved it	We stayed at the Fitzpatrick in early July for our honeymoon and we couldn't have been happier. Our room was not as big as advertised, but it was certainly big enough and clean, with an extremely comfortable bed. We were on the 26th floor, it was very quiet and the staff was wonderful, very polite and always helpful. Food was a little pricey in the dining room, but there are lots of other options in walking distance. Great location and price, we would and will return in a moment.	
Jul 14 2003	Slightly Overrated	We stayed at the Fitzpatrick in mid June 2003. When we arrived, the doorman was quick to open the cab door for us and the bellboy was directed to take our bags inside. The checkin people were courteous and friendly and within minutes we were checked in and on our way to our suite. The bellboy quickly followed with our luggage and when he arrived, he took the time to show us all the amenites in our room. We noticed that one bathrobe was missing so he called down to housekeeping and a new bathrobe was at our door promptly. We thought the service at this hotel was excellent. As for the room itself, we were pleased with the space, but not so impressed with the decor and the size of the bathroom. For the price you pay for a suite, we expected a much more refined hotel with a more luxurious room.Not to sound uppity, but my wife completely agreed with my assessment of the Fitzpatrick when we were leaving Chicago. We have stayed at a couple of 5 star hotels, and the Fitzpatrick fell a little short of that. It was hard to put a finger on exactly why, besides the room decor, bathroom size and few amenities the hotel offered. But we don't consider it among the finest hotels, and it should not be classified as 5 star. We heard the Westin was nicer and a better price.We must say however that we had a great time at the Fitzpatrick and in the city of Chicago. We were very impressed with how clean, friendly and safe the city is.If you are a discerning traveller and expect the utmost in luxury and sophistication in a hotel and its rooms, then this is not the place for you.However, if you just want to be in the heart of Chicago and stay in a nice hotel and room quality and size of bathroom is not important, then the Fitzpatrick is right for you.	
Jul 10 2003	The Perfect Boutique Hotel	I searched for reviews before booking our hotel in Chicago and came upon all those positive reviews for the Fitzpatrick. We took a chance and all those reviews that said the staff were super friendly and the beds were super comfortable were 100% true.This hotel is the best deal, you get all the comfort without paying for amenities you don't need.The location is awesome, right around the corner from Nieman Marcus on Michigan Ave, 2 seconds from the subway and buses, walking distance to the lake.If you're going to Chicago to enjoy the city and the sites, stay here.	
Jul 10 2003	The Fitzpatrick is Slightly Overrated	We stayed at the Fitzpatrick for two nights in mid June, 2003. The doorman was quick to open the cab door for us when we arrived and the bellboy was also fast to help with our bags.The check-in staff were friendly and courteous and in no time we were checked in and off to our suite. As an added touch, the bellboy quickly followed, bringing our bags and also pointing out all of the features of the suite.We noticed a bathrobe was missing so the bellboy called to housekeeping and one was brought up promptly.The service at this hotel is exemplary. However, we were slightly disappointed with the room and the hotel in general. Considering the price you must pay for the spacious suite, we were expecting a higher level of quality in the furnishings, a more spacious and luxurious bathroom and just an overall nicer hotel.I don't mean to sound snotty, because I'm not, but my wife completely agreed with my assessment of the Fitzpatrick after we left Chicago. The Fitzpatrick is not quite up to 5 Star standards. We have stayed at a few higher end hotels and know the difference. The Westin we heard from someone who was staying there was nicer and even a bit cheaper.If you are a very discerning traveller and expect the utmost in room quality and amenities then this is not the place for you.If you just want to be in the heart of Chicago, which is a great city by the way, and don't care much about your room decor and size of bathrooms, then this is the place for you.Overall it is a nice hotel and the city of Chicago is great. It's very clean, safe and friendly. We had a great time in Chicago.	
Jul 7 2003	A very nice hotel convenient location	We stayed over the Fourth of July weekend. It was a nice hotel, with a friendly and helpful staff. The pillow-top bed was very comfortable.	
Jun 29 2003	Will Stay Again!!	Me and my husband stayed here forr my forieth birthhday. They had a piece off cake waiting me. I woud recomend this hotel to annyone. The staff was soooo nice and we felt right at hme. Don't beleive everything you read on the internet about them. This was one of the nicest places I've ever stayed. Enjoy yourself in Chicago!	
Jun 20 2003	American Girl Dream	We just returned from 4 nights at The Fitzpatrick with our 2 daughters, ages 10 and 8. I had found a family package on the hotel's web site for a King suite for $219. The package included the suite, a buffet breakfast, free movie and a $50 gift certificate for American Girl Place. The suite on the 28th floor was spectacular...14 foot ceilings, beautiful decor and a fantastic view. I stayed in a suite at The Venetian in Las Vegas about 6 weeks ago and I thought the suite at the Fitzpartick was even nicer, except for the bathroom which was too small for a suite this size.The hotel is only 1 1/2 blocks from American Girl Place which we visited every day during our stay. The staff is friendly, especially in the dining room. We would definitley stay there again.	
Jun 16 2003	The Fitzpatrick is fine		
May 2 2003	Fitzpatrick - lovely on the inside		
Feb 18 2003	Liked the room not the service		
Feb 17 2003	An Irish Gem		
Jan 30 2003	Unbelievable value!		
Nov 29 2002	Excellent find		
Aug 20 2002	August 17 2002		
Aug 15 2002	Fitzpatrick a well kept secret		
Aug 10 2002	American Girl Dream come true		
Jun 18 2002	Downtown elegance and Irish charm		
Sep 22 2009 	sehr schönes Hotel		
Sep 13 2009	Decevant		
Aug 18 2009 	un hotel fantastico		
Aug 4 2009 	FANTASTICO		
Jan 16 2009 	?????????		
Aug 31 2008	Excellente localisation chambres agréables		
Sep 14 2007 	Ottimo Hotel		
