Nov 11 2009 	Ups and Downs	I was in Chicago for business and stayed with another colleague in a room. The room was very clean, but the hotel is a bit cheap when it comes to bathroom amenities. There were two of us booked in the room--why only one bath robe? Turn down service was spotty. One night we had a drink in the room; our wine glasses were taken but never returned until we called. There is a service called &quot;Delighted to Service&quot;----the person who answered when I called apparently wasn't told you were supposed to be friendly when a hotel guest calls!The bar in the hotel, Novo is a complete rip-off. One night 4 of us met for drinks. 2 of my friends ordered the special martinis at $11 each. When the first one arrived, we laughed and joked that the waitress must have been thristy since it wasn't even 3/4 full; the second maritini was also less then 3/4 full so we joked that the waitress must have tripped and spilled some. The friend who ordered an expensive wine got about 2 inches of wine, if that.The hotel does have great facilities for conferences which is why we were there. It is not cheap. I might stay there again, but if they want to rate the hotel as a 4 star, the overall experience needs to be upgraded.	
Nov 10 2009 	Excellent Location Comfortable Rooms	Other reviewers had it right - the hotel and rooms are nice (pretty standard for business travel), and the location is excellent. I had a standard king room which was quite large and comfortable. The room and bathroom were clean, and housekeeping was thorough every day (though I could do without the excessive air freshener). Room service variety and efficiency was above average. There was noise from the nearby El, even on the 18th floor, but not enough to disturb me (I sleep with ear plugs - other travelers might be more sensitive). Overall, a solid choice for business travel.	
Nov 5 2009 	Excellent hotel and Location	We loved the hotel and the location. We stayed here for a Sat. and Sun., and would have spent another night if the hotel hadn't been full. Everyone on the staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and roomier than we expected for a center city hotel. The rooms were also very quiet, althouhg you could here the El if you were on the backside of the hotel. The location was also excellent and we walked to restaurants, the Sears (Willis) Tower, and the Chicago River boat tour that left from Michigan and Wacker Dr. Of course, we had very good weather (chilly, but no rain) or we woudn't have been able to do this - probably would have taken taxis, since driving and parking are a hassle if you're not used to it. We did not move our car for 2 days. We did not eat here so I can't rate that, though they do have a Starbucks on premise which we used for morning coffee after finishing the small pot of coffee in our room. There were just too many other places to try for food. I have two recommendations that might help others: On weekends, use one of the parking lots within a block of the hotel, since there is plenty of parking available, and they charge a lot less than the $50 per night we paid to park at the Renaissance. Also, if you don't have to be on the river, there are several other hotels by Marriott that are very close to this one, but are less expensive.	
Nov 2 2009 	Solid	This is a solid business hotel with clean rooms and a central location. I booked a &quot;Club&quot; room, and it was quite large with a huge bathroom offering a separate tub and shower and a large single sink vanity. The room itself was clean with pretty standard international hotel style furniture and a 42 inch flat screen TV. The breakfast offerings in the Club Room were a little uninspiring; I did not have the opportunity to try any of the other hotel's dining outlets.The hotel is located right on the river and was quite near to my meeting locale. I would say that this property is a solid B+/A- business hotel--it is not a trend setting property in any way, but it serves its purpose well.	
Oct 31 2009 	Consistently Solid	We travel to Chicago frequently for leisure and I've been many times for business. I've stayed at several hotels downtown and this is where we consistently choose to stay when we are there for fun. It certainly helps if you stay enough nights at a Marriott in a year to earn &quot;status&quot; but we've always been treated appropriately and efficiently at this hotel.As Marriott's go, it is pretty consistent. The rooms are larger than many you'll get in Chicago and the price is typically on the lower end of the decent hotels. They recently updated the lobby bar to something much more trendy and approachable than what they had. We did not go - but it looked neat enough.If you are looking for boutique hotel or high end treatment, this is probably not the right place for you. If you want a decent size room, consistent and friendly service and not a ton of frills - this place is highly recommended.Parking is not cheap - but that shouldn't be a mystery and it is posted all over their website and at the hotel. Internet is also a charge - unfortunately something that nearly all of the &quot;nice&quot; hotels continue to do. Room service is also not a cheap meal - but this is also something that shouldn't be a surprise. There is anywhere from 5 star dining to fast food within about 15 feet of the door, so that shouldn't be an issue.Location isn't bad for Michigan avenue provided you aren't going during one of the 5 months of winter. It is a quick walk along the river and there you are. The river is a neat walk anyways. It is very convenient for the theater district with most within 6 or 7 blocks. You are closer to the museum campus than most of the Michigan ave hotels, but it is still probably a cab ride on most days of 4-8 dollars.Overall, very solid stay. I've never had a bad experience there and put it a couple notches ahead of the other hotels I've stayed at for price/value. This includes Trump, Westin, Blackstone, Hilton, Marriott and Res. Inn downtown.	
Oct 26 2009 	Fantastic Service and River View but a few negatives	In a word, the Renaissance front desk staff is outstanding. They are unfailingly polite, helpful, cheerful, and go above &amp; beyond to assist. The location is superb, being convenient to both the Loop, Mag Mile, and all buses and trains. There is no sight more beautiful than the view of the river from one of the river view rooms. The view alone is worth the price of the stay, even at the outrageous convention period prices. The bedding and basic comfort is satisfactory. Rooms are very quiet, although you can hear the most obnoxious conventioneers talking loudly to each other as they return to their rooms in the wee hours. Internet is $15/day per computer.There are some negatives, none of which are any fault of the staff, but rather the fault of the people responsible for the interior design and maintenance/renewal of the structure itself. The operation of the heating/AC system in our room was unreliable. And an icy cold draft at the window ledge prevented sitting there in the evening to enjoy the view (without a blanket!) The water temperature in the shower is erratic, constantly going from hot to cold to hot to cold, so that you really have to shower with one hand close to the faucet for immediate adjustments. One colleague had very inadequate water pressure in their shower, but got moved to a room with better facilities. There was almost no storage for clothes and misc items. You get a closet and two nightstand drawers, that's it. There's no dresser or any other storage except two tiny drawers in the minibar. On the plus side, there is a decent-sized room safe, although the metal edges are so sharp and rough you have to be really careful if you store a wide laptop in it, to avoid damage. One note of warning: the hotel restaurant is a dismal disappointment if you like your food properly prepared and served. The Starbucks in the lobby is great, and if you like Chinese dumplings, the Wow Bao in the lower level is extremely affordable ($1.39 per dumpling, two are sufficient for lunch) if you want a quick bite. Oh, and I should mention that while our room was exceptionally clean and well-kept, another colleague's room had dust on every surface. Maybe a room that has been empty awhile should be rechecked before allowing the next guest in. In closing, I would not hesitate to stay at the Renaissance again if a river view room was available, because the staff is also so wonderful, but given the lack of storage space and annoying shower, you really have to consider places like the Sofitel where your room will have not only more conveniences but also many little luxuries and trouble-free showering.	
Oct 23 2009 	Great Place to Stay In Chicago	We had a wonderful stay at the Renaissance Hotel. It's close to the subway, so it's a breeze to get from airport to hotel. We were upgraded to a suite overlooking the Chicago River - what a delightful way to spend some time in Chicago. We spent every morning and evening just sitting and looking out over the traffic on the streets, sidewalks, and river. Service at this hotel is wonderful, rooms are comfortable, location simply cannot be beat. A great place, in every single way.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Hotel with a Great Location	What a good experience we had with the Renaissance. We booked on priceline for a really reasonable price. Was so excited to find out we would be staying in downtown at a four star hotel for less than $100.00. We went to the U2 concert at the stadium (amazing!). It was a bit of a walk, but we are young and loved exploring the city. We would absolutely return and recommend.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location for exploring Chicago	Stayed in a 1 bedroom suite with husband and 4 year old child for 5 nights. The suite was huge and had plenty of room for our little one to play without getting under our feet. The hotel has a great pool area and spectacular views overlooking Chicago River. The location was perfect for exploring all that Chicago has to offer with the Trolley tour stop across the road and boat tours 2 minutes walk away. My daughter's favourity memory of Chicago was buying Garrett's popcorn (Cheese and Caramel mix) which is around the corner from the hotel. The concierge was extremely helpful with tips for sight-seeing with a small child, which made our stay even more enjoyable.	
Oct 7 2009 	Beautiful and Great Location!	We really enjoyed our stay at the Renaissance Chicago Hotel. The location can't be beat! It is on the Chicago River and our room was right across State St from the Chicago Theater. The room was clean, quiet, and spacious. The rate was very reasonable and a great value considering the location. We very much enjoyed the pool and hot tub. We would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 6 2009 	First rate hotel.	Nicely positioned overlooking river. Close to public transportation. Large well decorated and clean twin room. Coffee machine in room. Reasonable price for the quality of the hotel. Friendly and helpful staff.Restaurant nice but menu does not change - thus we ate out most of the time. Nice swimming pool &amp; jacuzzi.	
Sep 30 2009 	Perfect place to stay in Chicago	We could not be more pleased with our three night stay at this lovely hotel. It is the perfect location for walking to all that Chicago has to offer, from sightseeing to museums. Our riverview room was wonderful. What a great view to come back to every day &amp; night. We highly recommend the nearby Shaw's Oyster Bar for great food, music &amp; service.	
Sep 22 2009 	Loved it!	Stayed here for NeoCon 2009 and can't wait to return. Great location, great staff, good food on site and the rooms were very clean and comfy. My only wish is that we had a room facing the river, but that was our own fault for waiting to book the trip.	
Sep 20 2009 	Excellent room exceptional location and clean...staff not so much!	We stayed at the Renaissance for a trip with my daughter for a trip to American Girl and other shopping. It was a great location...close to everything! Rooms were clean, spacious and quiet. Pool was a little small but did the job! My major complaint was the concierge service...they were clueless! There idea of help was to draw a dot on the map and sent us on our way. When asking to get a menu from a nearby restaurant ...she printed it out and then said &quot;this is all I can give you,...the printer cut it off&quot;, and walked away. All I want to know is when you get off work wher do you eat? Only locals know where the good stuff is...right? She finally said a lot of people go to Giordanos...let me tell you as an Italian american I was offended by the quality of pizza...disgusting! Tasted like cardboard (like a frozen pizza that I paid $50 dollars for ) absolutely awful..how do you screw up pizza? The next night we ended up at Catch 31 next door was really good. An absolute must is a homeage ginger ale at Bao Wow...I still miss them! Get a bus pass for the length of your stay, you won't be disappointed! If you are bringing children, we saw &quot;Aladdin&quot; at the William Shakespear Theatre at Navy Pier and it was worth every penny!	
Sep 16 2009 	Fantastic Hotel with great rooms	We have just returned from visiting Chicago and Milwaukee and spent a fantastic three nights at this hotel. This is a typical high-end Marriott brand Hotel. The service at reception both on arrival and departure was fantastic, with friendly and efficient staff. WE had a river view room on the 17th Floor, which gave terrific views across the river and downtown area. The room was enormous with two large queen beds and a large bathroom. The room was spotlessly clean and well presented. As usual with Marriott the bed and pillows were so comfortable!The hotel is in a great location and is within easy walking distance of all the attractions and the downtown loop. The Sears Tower (Willis Tower) is with a visit but we found the lines to be long when we visited and had to queue for around 20 minutes. By contrast we visited the Hancock tower the following day and found the place almost deserted. There were no queues and only a handful of people at the top. Both locations offer fantastic views across the city. If you are travelling to Chicago we would highly recommend this hotel – its great value in a fantastic city.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great location and amazing river view	Booked this hotel in lieu of the Marriott Mag Mile (I'm a Marriott Rewards member) based on TripAdvisor reviews and I'm so glad I did! For starters this is a beautiful property and every staff person we encountered (especially Kelli and Bill at the front desk) was helpful and accomodating. The best part in terms of being a tourist however is that the El (State/Lake stop) is right outside the back door of the hotel - this made travel to/from the airport a breeze along with all of our sightseeing travels as well. Large room with a bay window (that opened!) overlooking the river, bathroom was spacious as well....a wonderful reprieve from the hectic city at night.	
Sep 4 2009 	Pleasant comfortable hotel in great location	Large chain hotel but very comfortable, pleasant surroundings and staff. Very well located for business and good for tourists too. Great selection of restaurants nearby.	
Aug 15 2009 	Scenic river view in the heart of Chicago.	I highly recommend the Renaissance to anyone looking for a great stay in the Chicago area. It is perfectly positioned in Chicago's South Loop, Theater District. Everything is just a short walk away. I recommend requesting a River View room, as the view from most downtown Chicago hotels can be a bit bland (e.g. skyscrapers, construction, etc.) The staff at the Renaissance is top notch, constantly exceeding my expectations. The rooms are fairly spacious, and well adorned with a comfortable, modern decor. If you're looking to go on a weekend getaway in the Chicago area, give the Renaissance a try. I assure you, you won't be disappointed.	
Aug 10 2009 	Nice Hotel clean great location comfortable room	This hotel was everything it aspired to be, a clean, business friendly, classy hotel in an excellent location. The rooms are comfortable, staff friendly, and lobby swanky. The hotel has a nice pool and the fitness center is decent.	
Jul 29 2009 	Amazing hotel in perfect location! Minus the puke filled elevator!	To begin, I travel quite extensively for business and pleasure. This hotel is perfect for both types of travel. Rooms: The rooms are beautifully laid out with very comfortable beds and roomy bathrooms. Our room overlooked the river with no obstructions on the 25th floor. If you can request a river front room I would strongly recommend that option.Food: There are many places to eat in this city. We went to an AMAZING Argentine restaurant near Wrigley. It was called Tango Sur[--]The food was right on the money for Argentine taste and the atmosphere is great! Remember to bring your own alcohol is you go because they do not have a liquor license. There is a CVS down the street, which, oddly to our surprise, was well stocked. A great French restaurant is Avec, [--] Chicago. This is a different type of restaurant, but well worth the slightly higher prices. They have an amazing sparkling rose' wine. They will recommend you order slowly-take this advice! You will be surprised how quickly you fill up.Brazilian Steak House Restaurant - Fogo De Chao, [--] Chicago [--]is a must!Hotel Service: Room service was prompt, coffee was great, fruit plate was fresh, and muffins were tastey. A bit pricey, but expected by a Marriott hotel.Recommendation: If you can go during baseball season make sure to go to a game at Wrigley Field. It is always a good time and you will enjoy it with tremendous pleasure.Flaw: We were there the 4th of July weekend, so it was busy as expected. On one of the nights we arrived back to the hotel at around 12midnight and as we began to walk into the elevator we were hit in the face with the rancid smell of puke. Someone had thrown up quite extensively in the elevator and no one had cleaned it up yet. I am unsure how long it was in there, but it covered the entire elevator. It was horrible and I would never expect something like this from a Marriott hotel. So, this was our discouraging moment of the trip.Also, the pool is very, very small. As is the work out facilities. If you get stuck inside due to rain (as we did for a day) the pool will be packed with people (only about 12 people fit in the pool area). If you think it may rain bring some videos to watch.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great Location	This hotel is in a great location on the Chicago river, walking distance to shopping, parks, sightseeing and great restaurants. i would not discourage anyone from staying here- the rooms were large and comfortable, with great marble bathrooms. I gave it an average because the services I used were just OK. The front desk was always busy and understaffed, the concierge seemed tired of dealing with tourists, and although very hot outside, the staff could not seem to keep the large server of water filled. But the location and rooms were more than adequate.	
Jul 20 2009 	great!	Lovely hotel, great amenities - would definitely stay here again and will recommend it to my friends and family.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great for Chicago Getaway	This great hotel is directly across from the Chicago River so definitely spend a bit more for a river room...it will be worth it and you will have a full on view of Marina City (the famous corn cob buildings) and of course the river itself, including the Mies Van Der Rowe IBM building and the side and backside of the Wrigley building among others. The staff are very nice, the bed very comfortable and checkout was a breeze as we had bags packed for two weeks and called up the bellman who put our bags in a car for our return trip to the airport. The hotel is next to the El (elevated rail), so getting around is a breeze. It's likely to be a bit more expensive than the average hotel, but if you get a high river room view, it will be worth it. Location is fantastic, as you can walk north across the river for access to jazz and blues and great restaurants in the evening, and during the day you can go south for culture if on holiday or on business. The hotel has a touch of elegance for a fair but not ridiculuous price.	
Jul 15 2009 	Ok for the $	If given the option, we stay at Renaissance hotels. This hotel wasn't as nice as other Renaissance hotels. No complaints because the price was terrific, but I would look at other hotels before booking this one, because there are cheaper w/ = quality. The rooms are small (bathrooms are nice size). The lobby was nice, the front desk was friendly. However, the rooms reminded me of a renovated Crowne Plaza. The beds are comfortable, but I wasn’t impressed with the pillows. We always get upgraded, but didn’t here. We ordered room service one night and only one meal out of three was correct, when you are ordering a $12 grilled cheese, you expect perfection :-) The pool area was nice, but the hot tub didn’t have enough water and it took well over hours upon reporting to get filled, I don’t even know how long because we didn’t stay any longer. In short, I would recommend this hotel to a friend if it was the right price, but there are other hotels I would first recommend. The location is okay, but I have enjoyed other locations more too. You might not be disappointed, but there are better deals out there. Oh, and parking is $49 per night.	
Jul 12 2009 	Outstanding Hotel	I loved this place, so convenient to everything (shops, restaurants/attractions/subway). Comfortable rooms, big bathrooms, loved the granite countertops, the light in the closet and the nightlight in the bathroom. The computer in the lobby where I checked in for my flight and printed my boarding pass was so convenient. I would absolutely stay here again.	
Jul 10 2009 	Great Location	My husband and I enjoyed this hotel. The location on the river was perfect. It was centrally located between theater, shopping, and touring. It was in a bustling area but the room was very quiet. We were able to take public transportation from the airport and never needed a car. I walked everywhere . . . waterfront, Millennium Park, shopping, restaurants, etc. We only had to walk a block or two to the amazing Oriental Theater to see Wicked. Discount shopping world is within a five minute walk of the hotel (Filene's, Nordstrom Rack, H &amp; M, Loehmann's, TJ Maxx, among others). Magnificent mile was also within walking distance. I would not miss the boat tour by the Chicago Architectural Foundation. It was right down the street on the river. The service at the hotel was good and the room was great. The bathroom was nicely appointed, the bedding was as nice as home, and our corner room was very spacious.	
Jul 9 2009 	A Great Choice That Will Keep You In The Loop	The first time I went to Chi-town I stayed at a nice but far-flung hotel in one of the suburbs. This time (June 09) I stayed right in the Loop at the Chicago Renaissance and man what a difference that makes! This hotel is adjacent to the State/Lake CTA Station (the &quot;el&quot;) and the Blue Line to O'Hare is only a short walk away. The hotel fronts the river and it seemed anything I wanted to see downtown was just a short walk away. I got a super deal on this hotel by booking in advance on their website (using the AAA Rate). The hotel was very clean, very modern and the room was comfortable with big European pillows on the bed. The staff was very professional and extremely helpful despite the size of the place and huge number of guests. They let me store my bags while I caught a Cubs game over at Wrigley Field. I would stay here again in a heartbeat and hope they keep offering good deals online for those of us who shop early. On my next trip to the Windy City, this is the first place I will check for rates/availability. AWESOME hotel.	
Jun 20 2009 	Lived up to Expectations	Read the reviews on TripAdvisor before booking. I stay at Marriott a lot on business so used points to book 2 nights when my son and I went to Chicago to catch a Cubs game. The hotel is in a great location in the heart of downtown on the Chicago River. We walked to Navy Pier on Lake Michigan, about 30 min walk. The red line subway is 1 block away which will take you to the Cubs or White Sox games. The connsier was outstanding. There was a Harry Potter exhibit at the museum of history and industry. She recommended it after asking my son (8) if he liked Harry Potter. Great idea. Allof the staff were friendly. The last night it rained, so after returning from a day exploring, we rented a movie in the room and ordered room service. They have a children's menu ($5 each) which is unusual in nicer hotels. Food arrived in 15 minutes. There is an extensive breakfast buffett each morning, discount for children again. Overall, i'd stay here again on business or pleasure	
May 26 2009 	Convenient to EVERYTHING!	We flew in to Chicago Midway airport and took the CTA Orange Line train right to the hotel! There is a CTA stop (State/Lake) literally at the back door of the hotel and the train ride is a snap at only $2.25 per rider (don't take a cab). Very nice. Check in was easy and quick. We booked the hotel trough PRICELINE.COM and got an awesome rate (that's why I'm giving it a good valuew rating). We ended up in a KING room on the 21st floor looking right down the river. Again, very nice indeed. The room was clean, the bathroom spacious, and my wife loved the complimentary robe. The Renaissance is within walking distance of just about everything in Chicago so if you come to the city and really want a CENTRAL location this place has it covered. There is a nice exercise area and this hotel actually has an indoor pool (fairly small), sauna and hot tub (nice for soaking after walking the city all day).	
May 21 2009 	Location location location	The Renaissance seems like any other big business hotel, but its location sets it apart -- the north edge of the Chicago Loop, right across from the river and a short walk to Michigan Avenue. It has great restaurant choices right nearby, a Starbucks in the lobby, and you are steps from shopping and corporate offices like United Airlines and the Boeing Company. Its decor is standard, if comfortable; the hotel staff is friendly and provided me with a fridge. Watch out for pricey wi-fi, although your code can be used in the lobby, and that bottle of water on the desk will cost you $5. Also, self-park around the corner in the same garage the hotel uses and save $13 a night.	
Apr 10 2009 	Good centrally located hotel	I spent 1 night at the Renaissance while on business.Room: The hotel is obviously a little older, however the rooms are large and the decor was clearly modernized very recently. I booked a corporate rate of $179/night, before tax, which seemed very reasonable to me for a downtown loop hotel in Chicago. Bed was comfortable and included enough pillows that even I could find one that I liked. Favorite things about the room: hotel is 100% non-smoking and has good bathroom amenities (i.e. mint thyme shampoo). Negatives: TV has no HD channels.Staff: Check-in was fast &amp; friendly. Front desk recognized immediately that I booked a corporate rate that included free internet and even managed to get my bill correct the first time upon checkout. Wake up call was received promptly and made by an actual human (a luxury these days...). View &amp; Location of Room: I had room #503 which is on the back side of the hotel (facing west) and had a view of virtually nothing except the top of what appeared to be a convention hall, a parking garage, and a residential building across the way. As I was in the room strictly to get some sleep, this wasn't an issue for me (check-in at 8:48pm, out by 7 the next morning). If you are light sleeper, you may want to consider asking for a room on one of the higher floors as the elevated trains run along Lake Street (immediately south of the hotel) and can be fairly noisy.Location: The hotel is located very, very centrally to both River North (i.e. Magnificent Mile shopping) and the Loop. It's basically 2 blocks east of Michigan Avenue if you walk along the river. The hotel is roughly 2 blocks from the Clark/Lake subway stop which has access to all lines (both elevated and underground) except the Red Line. Inbound, I took a taxi from O'Hare which ran me about $45 with tip. Outbound to O'Hare, I took the blue line, which only cost me $2.25 and was certainly faster (about 45 minutes) in rush hour traffic. Food: As it was late when I got in, I used room service for dinner. A club sandwich with fries ran me $21.30, including all fees and taxes. Delivery was prompt &amp; the food was hot upon arrival.Overall, the Renaissance Chicago is a very comfortable hotel for both business and pleasure and I will certainly consider returning on my next trip to Chicago.	
Apr 8 2009 	Loved Windy City And Its Renaissance!	Well, we decided to go to Chicago on New Year holidays, and this was my first visit to the Windy City. I enjoyed it very much – and to a great extent due to my stay at the Renaissance Chicago Hotel. As known, the first impression is the most important – so, when I entered my one bedroom suite on the top floor and looked through the windows… W-O-O-O-O-O-W!!! The view…it was fantastic! Great, Mighty, Powerful, Striking, Overwhelming - all these epithets could hardly describe my silent excitement and proud of the talented people who created all this urban architectural beauty for succeeding generations. Just in front of me, there was a bridged river, and on the top of its multilevel banks - the shining newly built Trump Tower, famous funny cylindrical twin “corn” towers, as well as Chicago Tribune building and Michigan Avenue in remote. The whole city center is on your palm - really cool and unforgettable! I did a right thing when had chosen the Renaissance instead of the Marriott in Magnificent Mile, cause the last one’s location is rather trivial. Besides the beautiful view, I was very much impressed by the suite’s home likeness, you know. Relaxing colors of the walls and carpets, soft armchairs and coaches, lovely commodes and cupboards, flat plasma screens in each room, small fully equipped kitchen, a nice marble bathroom with all the amenities including robes and slippers, etc – all these features made my stay truly comfy. And in general, the premises are nicely decorated: the lobby, bars, reception area got many interesting artifacts including vases, lamps, bookshelves, tables and other elements of professional design. Saying about the service I’d remark that it’s regular. Anyway, to summarize the hotel’s advantages and disadvantages, they’re the following.The pluses:? The room cleaning and turndown service are at a very high level. ? The Front Desk staff are awesome. Due to the concierge’s absence, I “terrorized” them daily with a billion of questions concerning the city maps, sightseeing, entertainments, locations, routes, restaurants, weather, etc., and every time got sincere and appropriate assistance. And one day, I was talking by phone to a guy from a ticket agency that had not delivered prepaid tickets to me on time, and that guy spoke so fast like a machine-gun that I couldn’t catch some important nuances of his “explanation”. So I asked a receptionist to help me with conversation, and he took my phone and started “translating” to me from live English into English for foreigners. Thank you again, guys, so much!? The hotel’s restaurant is very good. I had breakfast and dinner there almost daily and can admit that the service is outstanding. The food is delicious. Besides, its premises got a nice panoramic city view, especially at night lights. ? The breakfast at executive lounge is rather sufficient.? For coffee lovers, there’s Starbucks inside the hotel. ? There’s a taxi stand at the entrance with ready-to-ride cabs all the day round.? Limousine service.? Excellent price.The minuses:? The thing that struck me most was the absence of the Concierge service at all during the whole period of my stay – that looked ridiculous for the hotel of such a brand, as well as? The absence of an internet terminal (while on vacation, many guests don’t carry laptops with them for checking their mailboxes out just a couple of times, you know, and I’m not an exception);? The mini-bar service is slow and sporadic – without a phone call, the used drinks could have not been refilled for days; ? And, of course, the US Marriott’s general principle that executive lounges are closed on weekends though in Europe and Asia they are open daily. That doesn’t matter for business travelers, but vacationers (staying in executive rooms as well) usually arrive on weekends. Nevertheless, despite the aforementioned drawbacks of a limited partial character that obviously can’t spoil the general positive impression of the hotel, I’d like to conclude that I truly liked the Renaissance Chicago and surely am ready to stay there again, but next time in summer – with a river boat architectural tour and Chicago skyline small cruise ship dinner. Concerning what to do in Chicago in winter – some stranger’s tips:1. Magnificent Mile. It’s enough a half-day walk to get your wallet empty and to relax for the whole stay afterwards.2. Broadway musicals – a very small choice but worth visiting.3. Chicago Institute of the Arts – unique institution with unbeatable collection of French impressionists – a must.4. The Field Museum– very impressive, bigger than its NYC famous rival.5. Lyric Opera – highly recommended. 6. Navy Pier – fun and attractions. Nice views of the Lake of Michigan. It’s a whole sea, guys, now I understand why these lakes are called Great! 7. Sunday brunch at restaurant on the top floor of Hancock Tower – a must.8. Millennium Park.9. Observation deck of Sears Tower.10. Chicago Black Hawks and/or Chicago Bulls at United Arena – a must. Bon Voyage!	
Apr 3 2009 	Practically Perfect In Every Way	We stayed at the Renaissance Chicago Hotel on March 28, 2009 for a one night stay. Upon arrival at 4:00pm the valet was overwhelmed (I guess too few employees working for the volume of guests arriving). After a wait our car was taken and we entered the hotel. The hotel has a beautiful clean, spacious lobby with a waterfall and a very serene feel. We were welcomed at the front desk with no wait by a very effective and friendly employee. Our assigned room was 1702 on the 17th floor. We highly recommend this room! It was at the end of the hall (very quiet, away from the elevators, etc.) and had windows on two walls looking out onto State Street. The views were incredible of the Chicago Theatre, river, and even Lake Michigan in the distance. The room was large and spacious, very clean, and well appointed. The bed was comfortable, the bathroom was large, everything was wonderful. The rest of our stay was perfect until we went to leave the hotel. The valet was again overwhelmed and didn't seem to know where our car was parked! After a 20 minute wait our car was finally located and we departed. The hotel was great. The valet service was not (especially for the $45. fee we were charged for parking at the hotel).	
Mar 25 2009 	Nice Big Rooms In The City	We stayed at this hotel for the second half of our trip to Chicago. The first half we stayed at the Marriott Mag Mile. The rooms at the Renaissance are nice and spacious in comparison...not a typical city hotel room size. Room had seating area and sep bedroom both with large bay style window facing river...great view! Also one half and one full bath with sep tub/shower. Bathrooms were also quite large. It is walking distance to pretty much everything and is situated on the river with great views. We decided to valet (47 usd) because they told us that if you self park, it is like 5 or so dollars less, but you *do not* have in and out privlege...we were planning on driving so it was just easier to valet.  There is a &quot;spa&quot; which is a shared area with the pool, fitness center, steam room, and lockers all shared....I think the lady said they only had 2 treatment rooms. Everything was new and very clean. Good equipment in fitness center and pool was clean as was steam room. Concierge lounge was a step above the regular Marriott as far as food quality and service. We had dinner one night in the on site restaurant, it was a two for 99 pre fixe meal (steak, veggie, salad, desert and bottle of wine) that actually was quite good. We loved our time in Chicago and when we go back, this hotel will be our first choice. Mainly because of the large rooms, river views and concierge service.	
Mar 23 2009 	Top class hotel with great rates	Fabulous opulent-looking hotel for regular rates - makes you feel special!	
Mar 3 2009 	fabulous wedding reception here at this hotel	the wedding reception at this hotel was the best i have ever been to.the food, the setting which was on the balcony was just breathtakingthe staff could not have done more to make everyone feel welcome.thank you	
Feb 19 2009 	Great Views Awesome Upgrade	Very friendly staff upgraded us to a huge corner suite overlooking the river/lake &amp; State St (iconic Chicago Theater sign) and sent us a bottle of champagne to help us celebrate our anniversary. We had a great stay, and definitely recommend it for a night in Chicago.	
Jan 31 2009 	Convenience and Comfort	This is the 2nd Renaissance hotel I have stayed at recently, and I have to say, I'm enjoying these properties. They really take care of you and service really seems to be a top priority for this hotel chain. I was given a really nice end room with two large windows facing the Chicago theater. The room was very spacious, contemporary and clean. There's a whole mini mall attached to the hotel so you don't have to walk outside in the freezing cold - - there's a small little store attached that serves Starbucks or you can walk inside the building and find a whole Starbucks store.There's a neat little fastfood-like dumpling restaurant that's great for a quick bite.The location can't be beat - - i could practically walk to all my meetings. There was great shopping nearby and the L stops were there too, even though i didn't use it.I really enjoyed my visit. I would totally stay at this hotel again for business or pleasure.	
Jan 19 2009 	Great Stay at this downtown Chicago property	I had a great stay at this downtown Chicago property. After arriving early into O'hare from a red eye from San Francisco. Check in was smooth and fast. I received a room on the top floor and music was playing when I entered the room. The room was was good size with plenty of lights. The bathroom water pressure was good as was the temperature control. The bathroom was clean.The bed was comfortable. The room was cleaned well every day. I asked for quiet room though the property is next to the elevated train, the noise from the train did not bother me. There was a mini fridge in the room which was a plus.The onsite restaurant was excellent. Also the concierge lounge offered good snacks and breakfast. This propert is very walkable to many downtown sites. There are two Dunkin Donuts around the corner as is there a drugstore, McDonalds and Borders.I highly recommend this property.	
Jan 19 2009 	Great Stay	My wife and I stayed here for 5 nights in August for a company incentive trip. The entrance to the hotel is exquisite and very impressive. The staff is very friendly and the concierge is very helpful! Good location, we walked almost everywhere. Just across from the river our room had a great view and everything was very clean, comfortable and modern. Taxis hang out just down the street and it never took more than 2 min to get one from the bellman. Walking distance to the major shopping areas &amp; great restaurants, but it’s a little far from the Lake and Pier…must take a cab or public transportation.	
Jan 11 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	We went to this hotel as part of a group getaway vacation for couples. The hotel is gorgeous, the rooms very nice, and the location was great. I know this may be a strange thing to comment on, but the lobby smelled great. We used Marriott points to stay there, and it was well worth it. We've stayed at other Renaissance hotels, but this was one of the nicest. Also, there's a Lettuce Entertain you restaurant at the bottom called Wao Bao. If you like Asian food, definitely give it a try (especially the curry chicken).	
Dec 21 2008 	Nice hotel away from Mich Ave hustle and bustle	We are frequent Marriott travellers and find that Renaissance hotels are usually a step above Marriott. This hotel was a little disappointing compared to other Rennaisance hotels, as about the same as a Marriott. Still very nice, but doesn't compare to visits at other hotels. We liked the location as it was close to everything but still far enough away so that the area was less congested. The hotel bar wasn't very happening so if you are looking to have some cocktails, walk across the river and go the Crimson Lounge which is right next to the House of Blues. Overall, the experience at this hotel was pleasant, but will opt for the Marriott on Michigan Avenue for our next Chicago trip.	
Dec 7 2008 	Windy City Oasis	I stayed here a Thursday and Friday night in early December. The hotel was decorated for Christmas and looked very nice. The check in was a breeze. My room was a very nice/corner room #2301.As previous guests have noted the trains can be heard all the way up the back side of the hotel. I for one did not find this a problem at all. Maybe it's being from NYC the noise was not bad. It's not honking horns type of noisePOSITIVES = Nice newly renovated rooms with large-flat screen tvs. Ipod Docking stations. Bathrooms were very spacious and had nice amenities.Concierge Lounge had good selection for breakfast foods and evening appetizers. Location - this is right near it all basically from tourist attractions to retail stores and good restaurants. There is a Borders bookstore next door as well as Macy's and other big stores. Cabs were always waiting right outside and the train stop is next door too. Concierge recommended Naha and Sepia restaurants for our two nights there. Both were outstanding - highly suggest you check these out. Naha was walking distance. Sepia 5 minute cab.Lobby bar was very nice with good wine selections.NEGATIVES =As previous guests mentioned = $48/night for parking and I had a weekend/Friday night stay. Seems a tad high. Also a weekend thing, the concierge lounge is closed Friday night to Monday morning. No offer for a free coffee in the Starbucks or restaurant. Overall this is an above average hotel with a high standard and delivers high marks with customer service.	
Oct 21 2008 	Nice place in the heart of town	I stayed in Room 1727 on October 14-17, 2008. Let's start with the good stuff:- Check in is very easy and friendly- The hotel is very pretty and clean- The rooms are big and clean. The new TVs are nice. The safe in the room is a big bonus- Elevators are very quick- Work out room and pool are excellent- Hotel is close to a ton of great stuff. You won't go hungry with donuts, sandwiches, coffee, bars etc very close to the hotel. I suggest the Corner Bakery just down the street.- You are walking distance from the Sears Tower and Millenium ParkThe only negative:- I was on the backside of the hotel where the train tracks are. The train is very loud late at night and early in the morning. Suggest a room at the front of the hotel or away from the tracks. You will sleep better.	
Oct 8 2008 	Beautiful View of the River	I stayed at this hotel because it was hosting a conference I had to attend for my doctoral program. When I arrived ,the front desk staff was wonderful! I was exhausted from having been travelling for 10 hours and they made check in an absolute breeze. I even got a room upgrade to a Club Level Junior Suite with a river view because the hotel was sold out on the night I arrived...this was pure luck I know. The rooms were very well appointed and the beds are comfy and soft though not quite as comfortable as the Hilton, Hyatt or Starwood properties I have stayed at. The view was great and the hotel lobby was beutiful and comfortable just to hang out in. I highly recommend just sitting at the bar and socializing or doing some people watching, even if you don't drink. I don't drink and I still had a great time. This hotel is in the heart of downtown and the bar has one wall that is all windows so you could just sit and take in the views. Directly across the street from the main entrance is the Chicago River Walk so you don't even have to go to far to take in the local sights. Almost all of the biggest down town attractions are within walking distance of this hotel, a major plus!The concierge desk will also give you a great list of local eateries and pubs if you are interested and they have lots of discount coupons for you as well. If clubbing is your thing, they have lots of VIP passes to local clubs, you just need to ask. On the whole, all of the staff were extremely helpful and friendly. My only complaint about the entire hotel experience is that they keep the place pretty cold, even after I bumped the temperature in my room up to 75 degrees it still seemed cold. Also on the down side, if you plan to drive in, parking is a whopping $48 per day :- ( All in all, this was a very nice hotel with great staff in an awesome location. I absolutely recommend it.	
Oct 7 2008 	Love the Renaissance	The Renaissance has changed its image from a standard hotel to what they now call an &quot;urban sanctuary&quot; -- and this label could not be more true. The renovations they have made include a fantastic and comprehensive fitness center, stretch room, and pool area. Additionally, their restaurant and lounge are excellent and the rooms are designed with everything that a guest seeking a &quot;sanctuary&quot; would desire.The best part of this hotel, however, remains the staff and the service. Everyone at the Renaissance goes above and beyond and truly has the enjoyment of the guest as the top priority. The only downsides to the Renaissance are that it is difficult to get a cup of coffee before 6 am and they have started spraying this very pungent scent throughout the lobby that caused some problems with my fiancee, who is very sensitive to various odors. Above all, however, the Renaissance is a fantastic hotel that I would recommend wholeheartedly.	
Sep 26 2008	Just OK	I stayed at the Chicago Renaissance for a conference for work. When I walked in I was pleasantly surprised by how nice the lobby was, and check in was a breeze. However, other than those two, my stay was just ok. Nothing wrong, but not great. The room is pretty spacious for being in a city, and the bed was very comfortable. However, the bathroom, while nicely appointed, had a funny smell. It came and went throughout my stay, as if it was coming from a vent to another room? Also, while the TV was nice, flat, wide-screen, the picture still came in fuzzy, which was weird. Not enough to ask to change, but it was weird. Also, I had to ask a few times to get any packages that came for me (the conference was in the hotel). This is likely a reflection on the banquets department rather than the bellhop. The good news is that the location was very convenient with quite a few restaurants within a five minute walk, and a cute cafe across the street for a quick breakfast. Next time I am in Chicago and have a choice of hotels, I wouldn't choose this one. There are just too many other, better choices in the same price range. It was fine, but for the price should have been better.	
Sep 15 2008 	last time for me	We stayed two nights at the Renaissance last week. We had stayed here several years ago and had security issues at that time. This time, on the morning of check-out, I happened to notice a small corner of a piece of paper that was 7/8ths outside in the hall. It was our bill, not in an envelope, with our name, address, charges and credit card used all out there for any passer-by to see. The room itself was okay though the toilet was rather sluggish. The bathrobe provided looked like it was ready for the rag bag. There were plenty of clean towels provided and the bed was comfortable. Next time we'll stick to the Swiss or the Talbot.	
Sep 13 2008 	Wonderful Place and Convenient	Going to Chicago regularly, I have stayed in a wide array of them, including Park Hyatt, Four Seasons, Hotel Monaco, and others. The Renaissance is best for service, convenience, and internet access. In addition, the bargain cost is a plus for those not on expense accounts.My request for a certain room and number of beds is always honored. The front desk staff is always friendly -- even in the most challenging of times [checkout], and always greets me by name. The high ceilings of the entrance and lobby and comfortable seating area makes it a pleasure to just hang out or meet with or for business colleagues. And its proximity to downtown as well as public transport makes this a hotel that can also be used for vacations. Biggest beef is the fact one must pay for Internet service. While at Courtyard Marriotts one gets it free, one must ante up ~$20 for it here. This is a standard practice at &quot;business&quot; hotels but one would think it would go the way of the dinosaur when even European business hotels [as well as tourist hotels] have started including it.I consider this hotel number 1 in Chicago after trying at least 20 different sites in Chicago, and always stay here if I am choosing.	
Sep 6 2008 	Overall great experience!	LOCATIONGreat location! Right off the river, close to Millienium Park, and south end of the Magnificent Mile. Great shopping in area and on State street too. Right across the street from the State/Slate metro stop too. You can take metro from airport to this hotel with 1 transfer in about 45 min-1 hr.ROOMSGot a nice room with modern furnishings/bathroom and overlooking the river.OTHERConcierge lounge was well stocked. I think there was free internet there too.Overall great experience!	
Aug 22 2008 	Lovely surprise	This hotel was a complete surprise for me - in a great way. Being a Platinum Marriott Rewards member, we were upgraded to a suite overlooking the Chicago River, looking towards Michigan Blvd. It was magnificent! The service was excellent, the Club Lounge was well-staff and well-stocked. I would return here in a heartbeat! Hard to beat the central location too!!	
Aug 16 2008 	Excellent hotel property in Chicago	Great value for what you get. Clean and comfortable rooms. I travel on business and this property is in a great location in Chicago. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom had all the amenities you need including vanity mirror, hair dryer, nice soaps and shampoo. TV was the standard hotel variety. Ventilation system worked great but a little noisy when the fan was blowing. I would highly recommend this property to both business travelers and tourists.	
Aug 8 2008 	Renaissance is my favorite hotel in Chicago	I've been going to Chicago on business for about a year, and I always try to stay at the Renaissance in Chicago downtown with budget permitting. I have a frequent guess status which is a plus. But the things that I like about it over the sister hotels and even the Starwood hotels in the same area are:1) very good pool and workout area that was free (Starwood charges a fee);2) great, clean, updated, modern rooms;3) staff was always friendly;4) lobby was beautiful;5) food at club lounge is great; and6) free shoe shine service.The Renaissance is my favorite hotel in Chicago.	
Aug 4 2008 	Don't Stay at this Hotel!!!	What a disaster!!! Avoid this hotel. It's supposed to be one of the best in Chicago, but I'm proof that this place is not all that it's cracked up to be. We ended up cancelling our reservation and having to move to the Omni Hotel on Michigan Ave. Thank goodness because the service at the Renaissance was a joke. We arrived after check in time, only to find out that our room was not available. We spent 2 1/2 hours in the lobby while my husband tried to get some answers from the front desk. He even spoke to the manager. No one seemed to care that I was spending my 40th birthday in their lobby and missed our dinner reservation. The lobby is gorgeous, but the people are rude and very difficult to work with. We just wanted a room with 2 queen beds, which we reserved...but it was not going to happen, even though we were told that our room was being cleaned...for 2 1/2 hours. RIGHT!! Our family strongly recommends that you look past this hotel...it's not worth the stress. You would be treated better at a Super 8!	
Jul 21 2008	Nice surpise great overall	Have stayed at some Renaissance properties that were not that great in the past. This property was fantastic - rooms are big, great views of the river, walking distance to various places, friendly staff and great food.	
Jul 14 2008 	Great experience small room	I was here for a conference. The hotel was great as was the food in the different venues we used in the hotel over the week.	
Jul 11 2008	Very Nice Hotel	Very good experience at this hotel.Great view of the river and new Trump building. Staff was VERY nice.Rooms were very clean and comfortable beds.	
Jul 11 2008 	Beautiful room - minor glitches	I stayed at the Renaissance Chicago for 4 nights in mid-June as part of a conference. I booked my hotel through the conference, then contacted Marriott directly to make sure they had my Gold number. When I checked in, I received an upgrade to a much nicer room on a higher floor - so all in all, I got a great value for my money.The hotel is conveniently located - only a 5 minute walk from Manificent Mile and Millenium Park among other sites. I've stayed in other hotels in downtown Chicago and found this to be one of the more versatile locations for seeing a lot of different sites.I stay in a lot of hotels, and in particular a lot of Marriotts. While this overall was a beautiful, newly remodeled room and a lovely stay, there were a number of small things that detracted from 100% guest satisfaction. Here's the ones I can remember now:- hairdryer not in room when arrived late at night, had to request and then wait up for it to be delivered- room serviced 2x/day - of course, every day except for the one when I had showered later in the day and wished for fresh towels! Several days, they took away the bath rug on the floor too, which was just wierd.- TV only got about 10 channels in regular analog service despite the fact that it was a beautiful flatscreen TVWhile my room had a great view of the city and the lake, I stayed on the 24th floor in a room that overlooks the &quot;L&quot; tracks. I could hear the train noise from the 24th floor. I suggest that if you are assigned a room on a lower floor that overlooks the tracks that you asked to be moved to the front of the building instead.All in all, I'd definitely choose to stay here again.	
Jul 6 2008 	Great hotel in downtown Chicago	Very nice hotel. Great downtown location. You are within walking distance to theaters, shopping and restaurants. The staff is great, beds are great and room was very clean.	
Jul 6 2008 	great	We stayed here for christmas 2007 in a suite overlooking the river and the trump building side.The room was wonderfull, the service was great and personal, the lounge was good and the staff were always very friendly and hgelpfull, we really enjoyed this stay and will return when we go to chicago again.	
Jun 15 2008 	A Great Stay	Attended a Conference at the Hotel. Got a fabulous room overlooking the Marina City Towers, Trump and the Chicago River on the 20th Flr.. The staff was great, queen beds were firm and pillows, the best! Location is fantastic being close to the CTA trains and the buses to everywhere! One thing I was disappointed in was the Hotel does not offer any free Internet access in a Business Office except for a Terminal right off the Check-in desk for printing Boarding Pass which was OK.Will stay again in the future but will shop for best rates.	
Jun 13 2008 	Very nice!	I stayed at this hotel on business for a few days in May 2008 and I really enjoyed my stay. Upon arriving, my room was not ready yet since I got there rather early, and the front desk person was super helpful and arranged for my bags to be stored and took my cell phone number to alert me when my room was ready. He also recommended a place around the corner for lunch which was very good. I was barely through my lunch and he called to let me know my room was ready, it was very quick. I was impressed because being cynical, I did not expect anyone to call, but they did, and very promptly and politely I should add!So I returned to the hotel after lunch and retrived my bags and finished checking in. My room was at the end of a long corridor and faced the rear of the hotel. The room was really nice, I enjoyed it. My two &quot;complaints&quot;, and I wouldn't even call them that, were the noise of the &quot;El&quot; train, even though i was on the 20th floor, I still heard it loud and clear every few minutes - it sounded like a strong wind blowing, that is what kept coming to mind. It didn't interrupt my sleep but I can see how it would effect some people's sleep overall. I found it soothing because I like &quot;white noise&quot; when I sleep. But, I wish now that I had asked for a front-facing room (those cost more I think, however). My other issue was the bathroom door which is set up to automatically close - it cannot stay open on its own. It's annoying! A colleague who was also staying at the hotel said she rigged it by opening it all the way and then opening the closet door so that the bathroom door could not close. I did this too and it helped - of course I closed the door when I needed to, but also I was in the room alone so I wanted to shower with the door open to relieve the steam. Lastly, speaking of the shower, and maybe this is just me, I had no idea how to turn it on, ha! I thought you would just turn the handle and the water would come on, but on this one you have to PULL the handle out and then turn. It did not say this anywhere so I thought the handle was broken and actually called maintenance - I was embarassed when they told me I simply had to pull the handle first. It sounded like they had heard this before, or at least I am going to tell myself that!Overall, a beautiful hotel with a friendly staff, in a great location in Chicago's Loop. Lots of little cafes and stores nearby - convenient for little necessities or sundries. I would absolutely stay there again without hesitation!	
May 29 2008 	Mostly a great hotel	For the most part this was a very good hotel. Some of the minuses are common to all hotels. For instance the make-up mirror would have been perfect for most males or a tall female but not for a short or average height female like myself and my roommate. Although there were two of us staying in the room, there was only one bathrobe provided. The first two days the maid only provided towels for one person. We did not have to request extra towels because I showered after swimming in the pool. The pool was swimmable but small. These, unfortunately seem to be common to all hotels.Other negatives are not common to all hotels. The bathroom door would not stay open by itself; we propped it open with my backpack so that we could use the mirror on the door. I needed to plug the phone cord in my laptop so that I could dial up my office network but the phone cord on the desk phone was caught in a cable-holder that would not allow me to pull it up onto the desk. The phone cord for the bedside phone was more flexible but there was not an empty electrical outlet to plug the laptop into; this limited the length of time I could work to the battery life. The inflexible desk phone cord also meant that you could not move the phone around the desk. I would have loved to watch TV and work at the desk since there was a very good selection of channels; you cannot see the TV when sitting at the desk.There was a great CD/radio/alarm clock but there were only instructions for setting the time. We were able to figure out how to set the alarm but a colleague was not able to figure out how to switch to radio from CD.Although we were in a room with two double beds, there were only two very, very small drawers. This would barely meet the needs of one person in the room but was totally inadequate for two. They did provide us with extra hangers based on my request in my Marriot Rewards profile. Unlike many hotel rooms with two beds, there was plenty of open floor space. We were in an upgraded room at not extra charge. This meant that we faced the river which was a very nice view. Otherwise there were no differences in our room compared to colleagues in non-upgraded rooms. The beds were comfortable and bathroom was roomy and attractive.	
May 29 2008	The place to stay!	I am thrilled that the Renaissance is now completely NO SMOKING! I don't see the need to stay anywhere else when I'm in Chicago. I'm so sick and tired of still being able to smell cigarette smoke drifting into the vents of rooms that are supposedly no smoking (Omni Suites Chicago). Renaissance is in a great location, great views, friendly helpful staff, nice sized clean comfortable rooms.	
May 12 2008 	Great stay at the Renaissance	My husband and I just spent three nights at this hotel in celebration of my birthday. We chose it because of the good reviews and the location. It did not disappoint. Check in was smooth and friendly. Our room, located on the 23rd floor, was clean and comfortable. We had a nice view of the river to the left and Lake Michigan, in the distance, to the right. The king bed was comfortable with nice bedding. There was a chair and ottoman and a work table (desk) with two chairs as well as an armoire for the tv. The windows opened which is always nice in high rise hotels so as to let in some fresh air. This hotel was in walking distance to many of the local attractions including Michigan Ave, Macy's (the former Marshall Fields), several theaters, the boat and trolley tours, Millenium Park, and the Art Institute. We did take a cab to the Field Museum as it was a couple of miles and raining. There were numerous restaurants and stores within walking distance also. We did have breakfast each morning in the hotel dining room. It was fine; nothing special and a little pricey but convenient. There was also a Starbucks in the lobby and another one a short walk away.We got a good rate using AAA and would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in the Loop area of Chicago.	
Apr 23 2008 	Great Views Great Location Good Rate Decent Room	As a Marriott Rewards Gold Member, I choose Marriott brands when traveling, so I did do a lot of comparison shopping or looking for deals.The hotel is situated in the heart of Chicago on the river. We were given a room on the 22nd floor with a spectacular view of Marina City and the new Trump Tower.The hotel lobby is unoffending, but totally forgettable. The lobby level lounge is good with furniture arranged ideally for relaxed conversation. The second level has the main restaurant and the meeting facilities. All of it is entirely forgettable and in need of a renovation. However, for a weekend getaway, it was fine.The guestrooms and guestroom corridors look as though they did have a recent renovation. It's all Renaissance standard, but the room was a nice size and te decor was nice. The bathrooms were spacious. However, the spring hinge bathroom doors were down right irritating. I don't need a bathroom door to automatically close. It was very annoying and caused the bathroom to get incredibly foggy and damp.The location is ideal for business as it affords very easy access to the business district and the el. Easy walking distance to Grant Park, the beautiful Millennium Park, the overrated and crappy Navy Pier, and Michigan Avenue. Personally, I've been to Chicago many times, so it gave me a nice home base to wander from. Taxi's were readily available and it would take great effort to actually get lost tryin to find the hotel. Taxi from airport to hotel cost $35.You won't be wow'd by the hotel, but you'll have a very good stay.	
Apr 19 2008 	excellent service	Stayed there for a conference and got a good rate with the conference discount. The staff was really nice and the location was great. Spectacular views and amazing beds. I left my phone charger in the room and they found it and sent it to me overnight! Highly recommended.	
Apr 10 2008 	Great Experience once again	Always dependable...always a great experience.I was in town for a conference and while everyone else stayed just blocks away at the conference hotel, I decided to avoid the crowds and the noise and stay at the Renaissance. The experience starts at the entrance where the valet quickly took my luggage from the trunk and opened the door to the hotel....a smile at the front desk and a welcomed hello.The room was fantastic, the people where polite and service was great. Wouldn't think of staying anywhere else !	
Apr 1 2008	Nothing Special	I stayed here for two nights on business. I was booked on a club level floor, but unfortunately faced the back of the hotel where the &quot;El&quot; is located. If you book a room here, be sure to request a room that faces Wacker Dr. so you can avoid the sound of the trains. The best part of my stay was probably the Club Level lounge, which provided snacks and drinks. The rooms were decorated in updated fabrics and colors. Bathroom had marble sink, but there was no tub in the bathroom. I think they were trying to go with a Eurostyle feel with just a shower stall and curtain. I wasn't impressed with that feature. I had a king bed which was comfortable enough but I've slept in better beds at other hotels. Overall, this is a Marriott when it comes down to it. They do try to be more upscale, but I've stayed at better hotels. If you can afford the splurge, my colleagues noted the Peninsula was a fabulous hotel.	
Mar 29 2008	Great location - a few quirks	I stayed here with my family for an extended weekend while visiting family. The hotel is located right on the Chicago River, convenient to the Loop and Magnificent Mile. Our welcome was warm and there was no wait to check in. Our request for two connecting rooms was cheerfully granted. The lobby is pretty and the rooms (on the 17th floor) were clean and in good condition. They were, however, on the dark side. Even with all lamps on, the rooms were uncomfortably dim. It was gratifying to see the hotel uses compact flourescent bulbs...I just wish there were a few more of them. One odd quirk was that the bathroom doors do not stay open but slam shut. I like to keep the bathroom door open at night with a low light on, especially for the kids. As a result, we had to call housekeeping for doorstops. Breakfast, which was the only meal we ate there, was a decent buffet with an omelet station and the usual buffet fare in a room with nice views of the city. There is a Starbucks downstairs if you just want to grab a coffee and a paper.For those highly sensitive to urban noise, be warned: the El train runs right behind the hotel and our rooms, while on a high floor, overlooked the tracks. You can certainly hear the trains rumbling by even on the 17th floor. I usually travel with a white noise machine, so I wasn't terribly bothered by it.I'd definitely recommend this hotel for business travelers or tourists, with the above caveat in mind. The staff was friendly and we had no difficulties other than the bathroom doors.	
Mar 12 2008 	Very Enjoyable Renaissance	Stayed at the Renaissance for a conference in early March 08. Hotel is located very close to El Train and Subway connections (State and Lake) which is good for travelers coming from Midway and those going to Wrigley. Michigan Ave is a few blocks up but the subway can get you there a little quicker on a cold day. Dinning options are plentiful in the hotel and around the area. Fitness center has everything you need. The pool was nice but very cold for an indoor heated pool. The rooms were very nice with comfortable beds, oversized chairs and a large, well lit, bathroom. One gripe about the room though has to be the size and location of the TV. The TV is placed rather high on an armoire and it can't be more than a 20-25&quot; set. Other than that the hotel was great, I would recommend staying here for business or pleasure.	
Mar 4 2008 	Expected Better	I just got back from a four night stay at the Renaissance Chicago Hotel. Before my trip I read all the reviews and was excited to stay here, but after my trip I don't know if I would necessarily stay here again. The room: The room in general was really nice. It was spacious, well appointed, and very clean. We had a view of the construction site next door, but that was expected since we are associates of the company. The bathroom was great. It was nicely decorated and a decent size. What we didn't like however was the temperature in the room. The room was at a constant 74 degrees all four nights of our stay. On the second night we called the engineer to come take a look at it. He told us that the hotel was having problems with the heating/cooling system and that unfortunately there was nothing he could do. He offered to comp us a movie, however that did not make up for the fact that it was ridiculously hot. His only suggestion was to open the windows, which we did, but being in downtown Chicago all we heard all night long were sirens, car horns, and the sound of the train. Needless to say we were unable to sleep well at all. The pool: I was hoping for something nicer. The atmosphere was very tranquil and sirene which was relaxing however the temperature of the pool and hot tub were not regulated properly. The pool was pretty cold each night we were there, and down right freezing our last night (mind you this is supposed to be a heated indoor pool) and the hot tub was so hot it burned your skin. Now, I understand that it is supposed to be hot, but this was definitely hotter than the regulation 104 degrees. The pool water was pretty murky and the one day it wasn't you could see obvious dirt on the bottom. Also the pool closes at 11pm which is kind of disappointing. Guest Services: The staff of the hotel was under par in my opinion. We had a very nice gentleman check us in and give us some details about the area, however he did not explain any of the amenites of the hotel. Is there a business center? Which floor is the pool on? Where is the restaurant located? These are little things but it should be explained at check in. The concierge is helpful if you go downstairs to speak with them directly; don't try to call them from your room because the phone will ring 50 times and when they do pick up the will say &quot;all lines are busy can we call you back?&quot; At check out we ran into a few problems. The desk clerk never bothered to ask us how our stay was, to which we would have told him we didn't get any sleep, but I guess he's not too worried about that. He did find it difficult however to charge two separate credit cards. I wanted the room and tax on one card and the incidentals on another. He was unsure of how to do this, which was fine, and asked another associate for help. She helped him out and said everything was all set. When I finally got home I noticed that the clerk charged the same card for both charges so I called up the hotel and asked them to fix it. The woman at the front desk said she took care of it, however now the other card was charged both charges. Honestly, it is not that hard to split the charges between two credit cards, and I won't call back to have it fixed a third time but its not worth it. The restaurant: The restaurant food was great. I loved my fish entree. However our server was a little off. He poured my boyfriends beer, foam over flowing, and just walked away from our table!! Left the soppy mess right there and didn't look back. Overall our stay was ok, however I think I'd chose another hotel if I'm ever in Chcicago again.	
Feb 21 2008 	The Best Hotel In Chicago…Period!	The large room on the club floor had a spectacular view from two huge windows. We could see both the Chicago River and Lake Michigan. The room included two very nice chairs, three small tables, nice artwork, a large desk with two chairs, and great lighting from several lamps. The room had a large closet with an automatic closet light that turned on as the door opened. The room included a mini bar, which we did not use. A large cabinet included four small drawers and also doubled as the enclosure for the mini bar. An old fashioned surprisingly tiny 19”TV sat on top of the mini bar. Forget trying to catch football or tennis highlights on such a small TV for a huge room. The fitness center and spa is top notch. Equipment includes free weights, treadmills and more. The fitness center also includes a swimming pool with a lap lane. I swam about forty laps, but as usual for hotel pools, the water temperature was too warm for a swim workout. The hotel is close to the L and a short walk to shows. We won free tickets to Wicked, which had hourly drawings from Borders right down the street from the hotel. The front desk manager was very professional and gave us free breakfast coupon since the concierge lounge was closed on Saturday. The restaurant looked nice, but we didn’t eat dinner at the hotel.	
Feb 18 2008 	A Great Experience	Just returned from a 5 night stay at The Renaissance and had a great time. We were there for a girl's get away. Everything about the hotel was great from the moment we arrived. The whole lobby smelled wonderful and check in was great. We upgraded to the Club Level but be aware that the lounge is not open on the weekend. We had great rooms that were oversized with great views of the river; however, we did see another room on the same floor that looked just like a standard room. Everyone in the hotel was super friendly and accommodating. The rooms were clean and the beds really comfy. Turn down service is not what I would think but only a minor issue. We got our shoes shined and turned around within 15 minutes. They give you a bottle of water instead of charging you $3.00 for it which was nice at night. The fitness center was very nice and clean. Everything about the hotel was great. The concierge, Ikram, was the best. She helped us so much with show tickets, dinner reservations, and even getting a prescription called in for one of us. She was the best. Overall I would stay there again in a heart beat.	
Feb 5 2008 	Understated Luxury in Downtown Chicago	The Renaissance is probably one of the nicest hotels in downtown Chicago. I have enjoyed their service twice now, and each time has been an excellent experience.The hotel is probably five or six blocks from Magnificent Mile and a short hike to Millenium Park. The hotel has a constant stream of cabs to take you to more distant attractions and there is an El stop about a block from the hotel to get to and from the airport or out to other parts of the city.Inside the hotel, the lobby is very nice. Service at the desk is as prompt as can be expected when there is a check-in or check-out rush. The concierge services were good when I used them in my previous stay.The fitness facilities are quite large for a hotel (or at least many hotels I've stayed at) and all the equipment was relatively new and included free weights as well as cardio machines. It can get crowded as there are litterally hundreds of guests that could potentially be using it, but no worse than my normal gym back home.Room service is prompt. The only issue I had was addressed quickly. They missed part of my order and the attendant must have had a cellphone on him to call down because it couldn't have taken more than 5 minutes for the rest to arrive.The rooms, though, and specifically the beds, are what make the stay. The Renaissance beds are as comfortable as if not superior to the Westin's. The furnishings are in good order overall. The room sizes, however, vary slightly. Remember, this is a downtown room, so it may feel a little smaller than normal. My first stay had me in a smaller room. The second was in a corner room, which was definitely larger.Given its location, service and quality of the rooms, it was worth the $200 I paid both the first and second times. You might be able to find a better rate booking further out, but closer in, $200 seems to be the price of entry (although it is not out of line with what you'll find elsewhere downtown).Overall, I recommend this hotel completely.	
Jan 23 2008 	Very nice stay	My husband and I stayed at the Renaissance Chicago in Nov. for 5 nights. The hotel was clean, had nice sized rooms, coffee makers, and the normal amenities that you would expect in an American hotel. We did not try the restaurant, but there was a Starbucks in the lobby that was very convenient. If you walk out the back door of the hotel you are right on a major shopping street with Macy’s, and a number of others stores—it was a nice surprise as I was more focused on Michigan Ave. and did not even realize this when I booked the hotel. A short walk away is a nice little bakery and sandwich shop called Corner Bakery, my friends and I enjoyed eating there a couple of times. The best part about Chicago though is Michigan Ave. The hotel is at the base of this long wonderful street, if you make it to the other end and can’t make it back—call for a taxi, they are every where! Would I stay at this hotel again? Yes. It was very nice, the staff was helpful and they were very courteous and efficient.	
Jan 23 2008 	Excellent Hotel Great Value	I have stayed at this hotel about five or six times. It keeps getting better. I recently stayed the weekend before Jan 1. The hotel was crowded, but everything was perfect and service was as gracious as ever.I was upgraded to one of the larger club rooms. It was wonderful. The room was huge with a large bay window with a fantastic view of the river and the new Trump Tower under construction. The bathroom had a separate large soaking tub and shower. The bed was luxurious and very comfortable. Service was excellent. The hotel offers a complimentary shoe shine service which is especially great in the winter. I called to have my shoes polished over night and they were returned gleaming in 10 or 15 minutes.The location is excellent. You're about a block or two from all of the wonderful shopping on Michigan Ave and just around the corner from the flagship Macy's on State Street. The health club, pool, and spa are very nice. They've were renovated last year. The equipment is excellent and they actually have a good selection of free weights in addition to the usual machines.I ordered room service for breakfast and everything was delicious and served very promptly. The high-speed internet service was fast and dependable. It was a little pricey, but no different that other hotels I've stayed at.Chicago does have other and even more upscale choices such as The Peninsula, Four Seasons, Ritz-Carlton with the Mandarin Oriental and Shangri-la on the way. A night at one of these hotels will easily be 2-3 times the rate at the Renaissance. They are beautiful and luxurious 5-star hotels, but it's hard to justify the extra cost when you can get affordable luxury at the Renaissance.I can't think of anything negative about this hotel. Highly recommended.	
Jan 22 2008 	Best Hotel In The Chi	I live in the Northwest suburbs of Chicago and have stayed in many hotels in Chicago growing up. This hotel is by far one of the greatest hotels I have stayed in, anywhere. My dad is a Marriott rewards member, and therefore has points that have added up from his numerous business stays in Marriott hotels. This summer, my girlfriends and I booked this hotel during the 4th of July holiday. Not only did the front desk give us a river view room, but they were very polite and helpful. I am 21 years old, so sometimes when a bunch of college kids check into fancy hotels, such as this one, we are treated like less important customers. But not here. The entire staff has been nothing but friendly the three times I have stayed in this particular hotel. The have fresh bathrobes waiting in the bathrooms. The rooms are very spacious. The beds have down comforters and you can choose your pillow type! The concierge not only called cabs for us to travel about the city, but also put us on the guest list at some of Chicago's hottest night clubs. The fruit water they had in the lobby and by the pool was amazing. A ful service spa, spacious workout center, jacuzzi and pool with skylights looking into the city are only some of the perks. The lobby bar/lounge is sophisticated, and has wonderful martinis. From now on, I refuse to stay anywhere but this hotel. I have yet to speak to anyone who has stayed there, and thought anything but the best.	
Jan 13 2008	loved the renaissance.....beautiful lobby and rooms	this is really a great place to stay. we have stayed here many different times and have always enjoyed our experience here. The staff is great. Most times you have a view of a river even if you're not in a river view room. you a near state street shopping, near the &quot;el&quot; train, and there are many shops in the basement area that adjoins to hotel...nail salon, starbucks, kinko's just name a few.A highly recommend......	
Jan 1 2008 	wonderful	The hotel was lovely and all of the staff that I came in contact with were nice, polite and helpful.The room was clean, comfortable and spacious.The bathroom was very nice and the bed was wonderful.Paid $119 with a Travel zoo deal and think it was a great value.I would stay again without hesitation.	
Dec 31 2007 	Great hotel great stay	I and my 3 grandsons, ages 13, 15 &amp; 17, spent 2 nights at the Renaissance Chicago. It was their first time to Chicago, my first with kids. The staff, the location and everything was great. I have stayed here many times before so I had a pretty good idea what to expect. We plan on returning in 2008, and hope to be able to stay here again.	
Dec 31 2007	Perefectly comfortable	I stayed three nights at the Renaissance during the hectic 2007 Modern Language Association convention. Unlike many of the other convention hotels, this one turned out to be pretty easy to use. The elevators worked efficiently, the buffet breakfast was excellent, the staff were efficient, and the bedroom was capacious and comfortable. All in all, this was an enjoyable experience, and I'd be strongly inclined to stay there again.	
Dec 28 2007	Great Stay at the Renaissance!	Our stay at the Renaissance Hotel in Chicago was fabulous! We were very pleased with our accomodations as the room was clean and nicely decorated. The bathroom was very nice. We have no gripes regarding the overall accomodations as they were perfect. The nightly maid service was wonderful. The only drawback during this experience was the slow check-in process. There were only 2 associates working the counter and the line was steadily growing. The $40 nightly parking fee is also a downer. Otherwise this hotel is highly recommended!	
Dec 27 2007 	Great location for theatre!!	We booked this hotel specifically to stay close the Goodman Theater. We saw the Christmas Carol at the Goodman and they had a special deal with this property. The pool and hot tub were excellent to use after the cold weather while ice-skating. The Goodman and other theaters were right outside the ‘back’ door to the hotel. The House of Blues is across the river and Michigan Ave is a short walk away. The south shoreline from South Bend (Randolph and Michigan Ave) is a short walk to this hotel about two blocks.The buffet breakfast was 20.00, a bit steep considering it was not extraordinary. However, there is a Dunkin Donuts across the street out back. The concierge was very helpful in pointing out alternatives to the hotel dining for breakfast. Overall, I would stay here again, especially for plays.	
Dec 18 2007 	Excellent Service Great Location	I switched my reservation to this hotel from the Hyatt Regency, whose reviews were taking a dive just before my trip. I paid $75 more for the Renaissance, but it was money well spent.The service is very good. Check-in was swift and pleasant and when the wired Internet connection didn't work, the outsourced helpdesk had an engineer at my door within 30 minutes, even though they had talked me through connecting to the wireless service in the meantime. The hotel actually wiped all Internet charges from my bill for my entire three night stay, even though I could later connect...that's really going the extra customer service mile!The service in the restaurant at breakfast and dinner could have been quicker at times, but the menu is good....maybe on the more unusual side, but that's better than offering predictable fayre.The rooms are comfortable. The heating system was efficient and maintained a very good room temperature. The bathroom mirror was nicely lit and there is a nightlight feature mounted under the sink unit (flick the light switch down to activate this). Water pressure was above average, but not the most powerful I've experienced, but the water was always very hot. One of those good curved shower rails too to give more space when showering.	
Dec 13 2007 	Okay but not worth the money	Stayed at the Renaissance the first few days of December. My wife and I combined a business trip with a weekend getaway. Upon check-in I was told my room was not available yet, but for $30 more they had one available now. I declined and they were able to locate my original room reservation. The hotel is okay and did have a few nice touches, although for over $350 a night with tax, I have stayed at nicer Chicago hotels. The room was adequate and clean, but in need of an update. I felt like we were staying in a 1980's hotel. We ate breakfast in the hotel...food was good, but service was slow. The nice touch was the hot chocolate and cookies being served one afternoon when the snow storm hit.. Our plane was delayed (due to the storm) on check-out and we were not allowed a later check-out. All in all the hotel is okay, but I will probably stay elsewhere in the future.	
Dec 3 2007 	Beware of Overbooking	When I reserve a hotel room for over $500 a night I expect there to be a hotel room. This was not the case when my daughter and I arrived at the Renaissance. At 2:00 PM in the afternoon, after a delayed American Airlines flight, we were informed by the assistant manager that there was no room at the inn. They had overbooked 30 rooms because of a Radiologist Society of North America convention. They offered a comped and upgraded room at the Marriott Chicago Downtown, which was not where we wanted to be so we asked them to find something else. All of the other good hotels were booked so they drove us to the downtown hotel for one night. It was nice, but not what we wanted, so the next morning they drove us back to the Renaissance, where they upgraded our room and gave us two comped meals, breakfast and dinner. The comps and upgrades made the ordeal more acceptable.After that we enjoyed the hotel and their amenities. The bar and restaurant were all very nice and the food was very good to excellent. The fitness rooms were also very nice. We never got to the pool, but I'm guessing that it met the hotel standards that I would expect from this establishment. We walked instead of taking the usual taxi. The location was very good when it comes to shopping and some theaters. I would definitely stay here again, but I think I would call the day before my flight and the day of my flight to confirm and make my previous experience known to the front desk.Be sure to go to Second City for comedy, and see the &quot;Jersey Boys&quot; and &quot;Wicked&quot; when you visit. The art museums are something people should see as well. They were all great!	
Nov 17 2007 	Fabulous experience!	A friend and I recently stayed at the Renaissance for 2 days on a pleasure trip. (my first visit) We loved it --I plan on going back to Chicago soon (amazing city) and without a doubt, I will stay at the Renaissance. From the moment we arrived, the experience was wonderful. The fragrance in the lobby, the gorgeous room (we splurged and stayed in the one of the &quot;club rooms&quot;, 25th floor) the service, everything. You really cannot beat the location - we walked to great shopping, (the best Nordstrom I've ever seen) , restaurants, boat tour. From our room, we overlooked the river and &quot;Smith &amp; Wollensky Steak House&quot; (my favorite). A view that was breathtaking. The breakfast in the private lounge on the 26th floor was more than we expected (we were told continental but it included scrambled eggs, bacon, and lots of other yummy stuff). The room was luxurious and spotless, the bathroom large and sumptuous. I travel often and have stayed at some of the finest hotels in Europe, and the Renaissance was right up there with the best.	
Nov 5 2007 	Great location - close to everything downtown	My wife &amp; I spent a weekend visiting Chicago and stayed at the Chicago Renaissance hotel at 1 W Wacker Drive. The location is ideal and our stay was great!We arrived around noon on Friday and were accomodated with an early check-in in a very nice, very clean room with a king sized bed. Our Sunday morning checkout was smooth and painless.This hotel is ideal for sightseeing visitors. We walked only two blocks to get to a hop-on/hop-off tour bus location. We walked 5 blocks to see &quot;Jersey Boys&quot; at the LaSalle theatre. For &quot;Domer&quot; fans wanting to take the train to South Bend for a Saturday Notre Dame football game, the weekend South Shore trains depart from the Millenium train station only 4 blocks away. There are also downtown rental car offices within 2 blocks if you need to rent a car. (Beware of unfriendly Avis rental car staff at this downtown Chicago location).This hotel's restaurant, &quot;Great Street Restaurant&quot; had a nice menu with pre-theatre dinner options which were a great value compared to ala carte. Our entrees were excellent and perfectly prepared. The only downside was the wait staff that night were inexperienced, although they tried hard. Other nearby restaurants range from McDonalds to Frontera Grill.I am a frequent traveler and was very impressed with the quality, location and service offered by the Chicago Renaissance.	
Oct 12 2007	Awesome location beautiful hotel	I stayed here during the weekend of the Chicago marathon. This hotel is located across from the river, easy walking to the Magnificient mile.The staff was friendly during check in, the lobby is gorgeous. There is a bar/restaurant on the 2nd floor, with great views of the river. The room was clean, and had everything we needed, a small cofeemaker, mini-bar, tv, desk. We didn't have a laptop so we didn't try the internet connection. It's an easy walk from everything, and would definitely recommend this place.	
Oct 4 2007 	Great locationvery nice hotel	Stayed here two nights.The hotel is located two blocks from the EL blue line from O'hare-very convenient.Friendly check-in staff.Great lobby.Double room on 12th floor overlooking Chicago river.Very clean and well furnished large room.Had to call for coffee packs as none were in the room.Room was fairly quiet.Bed was very comfortable.Executive lounge was very nice(great view)unfortunately not open on weekends.An above average stay all in all.This was my first visit to Chicago(trip report filed here [--] )and I look forward to returning.	
Aug 24 2007 	Loved the Renaissance experience	We checked in late for one night at this property in Chicago. The key they gave us didn't work but after one trip downstairs they sent secuirty up to us and he had a new key for us in no time. The room we had, had an incredible view of the river and the city. The bathroom was big and beautiful, the decor was great and after a drink at the bar downstairs we slept great in a very comfortable bed! Can't wait to get back here!	
Aug 19 2007	Nice stay at the Renaissance	This is the second time I've stayed at this hotel this summer- both for business trips. The first time I stayed I got a great river view but this time I had a view of other buildings. The rooms both times were very clean, recently updated and best of all, extremely quiet!! I didn't hear my neighbors either time and the air conditioning was quiet as well. The lobby is nice, staff was cordial and the bar had good drinks/appetizers. There is also a coffee shop near the lobby that serves starbucks, bagels, etc...I usually check between this hotel and the Westin River North to see what the best rate is. Both are peaceful hotels with nice rooms, although I have to admit the Westin has much more comfortable beds! The Fairmont is another good choice but a little further from all the action.	
Aug 17 2007 	Terrific Hotel	We stayed with the Rnaissance Chicago over Memorial Day weekend, and enjoyed it. We were very pleased with the location. When searching for hotels, we worried this one might be too far north for us to easily reach the sights were were planning to see. It turns out that the Loop is a relatively small area, and easily walked. This hotel is only a short block from the State&amp;Lake stop of the L, giving it extremely easy access from Midway and great access to various areas of the city. For scale - the Chicago Theatre's sign is just beyond that stop to the south, and the river is about two steps from the hotel's front door. The location is within easy walking distance of the great restaurants, bars, and nightclubs just north of the river.Our room was great - the king bed that made falling asleep after a long day sightseeing a true pleasure. Having two armchairs was great, although we did have to trade off use of the footstool. The bathroom was spacious, and came with a bathrobe and good-smelling bath products. The hotel staff couldn't have been better. Our reception at the front desk was warm and cordial. If we hesitated at all as we walked out of the front door, one of the valet swould offer to help us figure out where we were going - they gave us great recommendation on dinner one night, and helped us get our bearings several times - they seemed to be genuinely interested in helping guests have a good time. I would highly recommend the Renaissance to friends. The price was a bit higher than I originally wanted to pay, but it was worth it!	
Aug 16 2007 	Find something better	+ We stayed in Chicago for a long weekend get-away and found a $200 rate that was fair for the great location. +Although the room I booked on-line came back as not available on my confirmation - even though they still took my money and I still had a reservation - when I called they promised me it would be okay. +True to their word it WAS and check-in was very smooth having used their advance on-line feature they had e-mailed me. +The room size was nice with good amenities but no safe in the room. -The whole room had a wierd problem with screws that were missing or very loose (hall door handle, tv cabinet, closet, etc.) +The bathroom was roomy and clean with nice features. -After we cleared up the $179 they charged me for the mini-bar we had not used we had a good stay at a fair price in a very convenient location on the river near Michigan Ave. and Millenium Park and close enough to the Navy Pier.+	
Jul 30 2007 	Fantastic location great hotel	Stayed at the Renaissance for a convention in June 2007. The location was great for shopping and sightseeing in the Michigan Ave/Loop area, and handy to public transport for trips further afield. There are lots of great restaurants within walking distance too. The hotel itself was clean and well maintained, and the 24-hour room service is great for anyone arriving on a late flight. I had a room with 2 queen beds and a fantastic view of the river and the Marina City &quot;corncobs&quot; (love them!). The room itself was a decent size, and the bathroom was fabulous, with an excellent shower/bath, quality fittings and lots of fluffy white towels. My only gripe would be the swimming pool, which is considerably smaller than it looks on the hotel website - not suitable for swimming laps (too short/shallow) but would be good for just splashing around in. I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone travelling to Chicago on business, and also for vacation travel.	
Jul 23 2007 	Great hotel!!!	We stayed at the Renaissance for 3 nights in March 2007, the hotel was beyond expectations. The staff were personable and helpful for tourist info.. We arrived very late after many delays and the staff checked us in quickly and gave us our room keys. The room were spacious and clean. Our room's view was of the Chicago river and the theater district on the 21st floor. We had breakfast at the hotel one morning and they had fresh fruit, great service. The &quot;L&quot; was aroung the corner for easy transportation around the city. I would definately recommend staying at this hotel and we will be returning in the future.	
Jul 21 2007 	Variably priced views	You may want to bargain over the supplement for a room with a full river view. On checking in, I was told that the supplement would be $30 per night. I declined but returned to the front desk on discovering that my assigned room, with only a partial river view, was next to the elevator. A different person at the front desk then offered me a room with a full river view for an extra $35. That was reduced to $30 after I said that her colleague had quoted that amount. My first night turned out unpleasant because the air conditioner was extremely noisy. My subsequent nights were much better, although the air conditioner did not respond much to adjusting the thermostat below 70 degrees. The bed was just OK by my fussy standards. On the plus side, the room was quiet and generally nice, the view excellent, and the staff had a good attitude. I would be willing to stay there again, but I would also be interested in exploring the alternatives.	
Jul 15 2007	Excellent saty at this hotel	Great rooms, really good size for such a city! Hotel very clean and has very good maintenance.Location is excellent, just in the middle of the best attractions.Staff very nice. the only problem is that the bussines center is closed on weekends and I couldn't find a place open on a sunday to check internet as I didn't have the laptop with me.	
Jun 18 2007 	Great Location	Booked this trip through Marriott.Com and stayed on Memorial Day weekend. This hotel's location is great. It's next to the Chicago River, the theatre district and a short walk to Michigan Avenue. Hotel staff was friendly and helpful, hotel and room was clean. The king bed was very comfortable, the bathroom big and bright and cleaning staff did an excellent job. We asked for and got a room with a fine view of the river to Michigan Avenue.The hotel lobby bar was a great place to relax after a full day of walking. There are some fine restaurants nearby and the subway stop is just a block away. The only real improvements my wife and I would make would be quieter hotel door closers and soundproof glass. Like so many hotels we've stayed at, the doors slam shut and traffic noise from the street would be annoying at times. Overall though, we definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jun 15 2007 	Still a good choice.	I booked room for $285 through Neocon trade show special. Of course you have the typically high add on charges for big city hotels as well as a $40 a night parking fee for our car which brought the cost to approximately $350 a a night. I was surprised to see that Chicago hotel prices are climbing right up there with New York. And the prices seem outrageous but I suppose it all boils down to supply and demand. Spent 4 night here on a mix of business and pleasure. Now on to the review...LOCATION (GREAT): Great location on Wacker drive right on the river and just a relatively short walk to Michigan Ave and Millenium Park and several of the downtown theaters.HOTEL PUBLIC AREAS (GOOD): The decor is a bit dated but still upscale. I think it's time for the Renaisance to renovate its public areas but the hotel still has a luxurious feel.ROOM (GOOD): Our room was very nice and the bed was outstanding (A+).Room was clean and well maintained ( as it should be for these prices).OTHER (VERY GOOD): The weight room, pool and spa area were all very well equiped and kept up.SERVICE: (?). We didn't have any problems or much interaction with hotel employees so not much to say.RESTAURANT: (?) We did not eat at the restaurant (GreatStreet) this time but we've eaten at the restaurant in the past and found the food to be very good. Nice view of the river.OVERALL: I have no problem recommending the Renaissance, it is a top tier hotel with a great Chicago location. A decor update in the public areas may be due but it is still very nice.ONE LAST THING: I love big cities and I must say that Chicago is perhaps the most beautiful big city in America. Clean and well kept with tremendouse architecture and many things to do. Check for free concerts at the Millenium Park outdoor theater during the summer. Beautiful big city experience!	
Jun 3 2007 	Disappointing stay	I stayed in Chicago doing a doctors' convention and my travel agent booked me at this hotel. The room rate was $500 and the hotel is definitely not worth the money. The room size was nice. However, there was no safe in the room. The TV was over 20 years old and thus was neither a flat screen TV nor was there HDTV. The entire hotel is badly in need of an updating. If the Mariott Corporation wants to charge high rates, they should provide modern comforts. I would recommend the Sofitel, which is a far more modern and better hotel in Chicago.	
May 25 2007 	Wonderful stay in Chicago	It was my first visit to Chicago and I chose to stay at the Renaissance on the basis of prevous reviews on Trip Advisor. The checking in process was extremely efficient and friendly. My room overlooked the river, which offered good views and was very quiet, the bed was comfortable and the bedlinen was wonderful!However, the bathroom was fine but had not been cleaned properly from the previous guest and the towels could have been softer. Also, I asked for extra sugar and milk, but it never arrived. I think they are rather mean on the tea and coffee supplied in the room.I ate in the restaurant which overlooks the river, where the service generally was fine and the food was good.The hotel is extremely well-located and as a single female traveller I felt very safe walking around the area alone. Everything is in easy walking distance.It is not the best, nor the worst hotel I have stayed in, and should I return to Chicago I would definitely choose to stay at the Renaissance again.	
Apr 11 2007 	Really Nice Experience	I stayed at the Renaissance Chicago for two nights last month. I usually stay at the Marriott on Michigan Avenue, but there was no availability for this particular weekend so I tried the Renaissance. I was really impressed. The Renaissance is only about a five minute walk from the Marriott and is located right on the river. The lobby is beautifully done and the staff were friendly and helpful.The hotel gave me a room facing State Street, which is the side of the hotel. I had a nice view of the river and of a 10K race that took place one morning. The room was nicely decorated and included Marriott's new bedding, which was very comfortable. The bathroom was gigantic and was beautifully done. The fitness center was adequately equipped with about five treadmills, three eliptical machines and some dumbells. There is a small pool at the hotel as well.The location of this hotel is fantastic. it's only a block from the subway and is close to Grant Park, Navy Pier and many other attractions. If I had to choose between the Marriott on Michigan Avenue and the Renaissance, I think I would now choose the Renaissance. It was a little more modern, the furnishings were a little newer and the room was more comfortable. Plus, the rates seem to be cheaper. All in all, a great find in Chicago!	
Apr 6 2007 	Agree with the 4-5 point reviews on Tripadvisor	Sweet hotel with emphasis on location, one block from river on the corner of State and Wacker. One block from theater district (Chicago Theater, Ford Oriental Theater, Goodman, etc), two blocks from Marshall Fields/Macys. Across the river from Marina Towers and House of Blues. Five blocks walk to Hancock and Watertower PLace. Exactly 0.5 miles from Union Station (bus and Amtrak), we trained in and walked to the Renaissance. We had a concirege level room (top four floors in this 27 floor building), and had a back (non river) view which was still pleasant. The concierge lounge on floor 26 served up a light breakfast, supper and even a night snack, saving us tons of money eating out--you can only access the lounge by key card on the elevator. There is no free in-room internet, but the Business Center at the concirege lounge is one computer in a closet room and is available free to check emails fr a couple minutes daily (many people using). Four night stay in a two queen room, which had a nice shower and tiled bathroom, and only shortcoming for this 500 sq foot room (large) was the soiled carpet, but without any funky smells or major stains. In fact, the entire hotel could use a renovation of carpet alone. Otherwise, sweet. The daily parking charge for this property is $40, a true gouge. Plan to ditch the car and fly in or train in. We will stay again when we go to a theater show. The bus to museums and Soldier Field, #146, stops right at the door of this hotel, and the L subway is also right next door. I have lived in Chicago fr five years, and cannot think of a more ideal location, frankly. Millennum Park/Grant Park and Buckingham FOuntain is less than 0.5 miles away. A winner.	
Mar 29 2007 	Excellent Hotel	I've stayed a the Chicago Renaissance several times. This is an excellent hotel. I travel about 100 nights a year for business and this is one of the better hotels I've stayed in. The rooms are well appointed and the beds are excellent. There is an option to back light the underside of the vanity in the bathroom which makes it very easy to find the toilet in the middle of the night . You don't have to wait 10 years for an elevator like you do at the Marriott on magnificent mile (don't stay there) . A good number of the rooms over look the river as well. The staff has always been friendly and the lounge is excellent. I find this Renaissance to be one of the better Marriott hotels I've stayed in over the years. If you're a silver, gold or platinum member Marriott typically offers a stay one night, get the second night free (on the weekend) deal which is unbeatable at 169 for 2 nights at a hotel in this class. No matter what type of hotel you are used to staying at, the Renaissance in Chicago will not let you down, its a good choice hands down and deserves to be much higher in the rankings than it currently is on Trip Advisor.	
Mar 27 2007 	Pool was closed!	We stayed at this hotel Saturday night only and chose this because of the location and the indoor pool. My son and I went to the pool to swim shortly after we checked in and the pool itself was closed, however the hot tub and steam room were open. Unfortunatly the pool was closed because it needed to be cleaned so we were disappointed. We initally were told it would be open on Sunday. The hotel told us we could use the pool three blocks away at the Courtyard which was ok at best. On Sunday the pool was still closed as was the hot tub and steam room. Very dissapointing to a ten year old boy whose highlight is to swim at a nice hotel in the big city. The room was very nice, a huge bathroom. We stayed on the twenty fourth floor which was quiet. The room faced State street which was ok. A lot of nice shops attached to the lower level of the hotel, however they were closed. The club lounge on the twenty seventh floor wasn't open on weekends, which was somewhat dissapointing. We didn't eat at the restaruant, nor did we go in the lounge. Hotel lobby was very busy Sunday morning. Parking is EXPENSIVE...The hotel employees seemed very nice. Not the nicest hotel we've stayed at, but by far not the worst. The pool being closed really was the let down for this hotel.	
Mar 20 2007 	Excellent downtown Chicago Hotel	My wife and I stayed 2 nights over a long weekend. We've stayed at a number of really good hotels in Chicago over the years, but our stay at the Renaissance was tops. We used Marriott points for the stay and were given a room partially overlooking the river. The room seemed to have been recently redone. The bed was one of the best we've had anywhere, and the staff was prompt to meet our every need. The property was clean and quiet. We will be more than happy to stay here in the future and will move it near the top of our list of Chicago hotels (only exceeded by the incomparable Four Seasons).	
Feb 20 2007 	Great Location	My husband and I stayed the weekend of February 16-18 for our anniversary. Overall, it is a nice hotel and I would stay there again. We used our marriott points to stay for free which is always an added benefit..free rooms are good!We were able to check in without waiting. I requested a river view room which they gave us. I'm sure it's prettier in the summer when the river isn't frozen but the lights from the buildings acrossed the river were beautiful at night.When we were trying to decide what to do and had the television on, it suddenly went off without warning and did not come back on. I contacted the front desk and was told they would send maintenance right up. After an hour I called them again because no one had come. Then after we had drinks in the lounge and the tv still wasn't fixed I requested a new room because I did not want to find out late at night that the tv couldn't be fixed and have no other rooms available. They switched our room without a problem. We actually got the same room location but 3 floors up.The water pressure in the shower was absolutely awful -- the worst of any hotel i've ever stayed at. I do not know if other rooms are this way or something was wrong with our shower but it was pathetic.The exercise room was wonderful for a hotel. Numerous tredmills and ellipticals, plus i believe stair stepper and bike(s). There were also strength training machines &amp; free weights. The only thing I did not like is that the room was very hot (perhaps because it's attached to the pool/spa area) and there were no fans going so everyone was really sweating more than was necessary.We used the hottub, pool and steam room. The latter was wonderful given that you dont' see those too often anymore.We also had drinks in the lounge which were fine but the lounge itself was nothing to write home about. We did not eat at the hotel.I was disappointed to find that there was not a refrigerator for use in the room. The bar was fully stocked but that meant no room for any in room munchies, drinks &amp; such.We were also very disappointed in the one time we tried to use the Concierge. Perhaps on the weekend they have less experienced personnel. That is the first time at a Marriott I have felt that way though.As I said, i would definitely stay here again. The hotel was nice &amp; above average and the location great. You could walk to most places. Marriott rates this hotel as a 6 on their scale of hotels but I would disagree and say it's more like a 5. The fine points just aren't there in my opinion.	
Feb 5 2007	Loved the location	This is a very nice hotel with nice clean rooms, friendly staff an excellent location. You can hop on the L by exiting from the back or visit the mag mile with only short walk by the Chicago River. There is shopping in the downtown area close by as is the Theater District. I had a nice view from my room.	
Jan 29 2007 	A Great Hotel in the Middle of Everything	My family and I stayed there after xmas and it was GREATWhen we checked in at the front desk the desk person Madisonwas so pleasant and helpful .We were tired,hungry and my little boy was sick .She got us a very awesome room, recommended a great pizza place and helped us with the sickness Thats above and beyond. The beds are the best and the service is better .You are walking distance to most everything.Don't rent a car like I did you never will use it and a waste of parking fee. When we go back this is the only place we will stay	
Jan 16 2007 	Great Hotel!	The Renaissance Hotel Chicago is a great property, with a great staff! We stayed there over New Year's Eve, and will likely stay again.The staff at the hotel are first rate - the check in was speedy and accurate, there was no wait for our luggage to be brought to our room, and the valet was always quick with our car or a cab when we needed one.The rooms are well-appointed and surprisingly spacious. We had a king room, with a desk and a seating area with a comfortable chair and a small table. The room had a bay window which we were able to open to cool the room down. The bathroom was updated, with granite countertop and a nice, large tub.The location of the hotel is quite good - it is on Wacker on the South side of the Chicago River, so you only have to cross the bridge on Michigan Avenue to start a shopping spree on the South End of the Mag Mile. If you go south, you are just a few short blocks away from Millennium Park (where there is outdoor ice skating in the winter) and the Art Institute. If you cross the river and go East, you end up at Navy Pier. If you are in the city to enjoy theater, the Goodman is close by, as is the Chicago Theater.The only item I would caution you about is views - there are not too many great views in the hotel - there are 4-5 rooms per floor with a North view across the Chicago River - these are really nice views. Most rooms, however, do not have breathtaking views of the city, but rather views of other buildings from across the street. This didn't bother us, however it is important to some.	
Dec 10 2006 	excellent	When we bid on Priceline for $150 per night for a weekend getaway we were delighted to get this hotel. It is right on the Chicago River cnr of State Street - within moderate walking distance to almost everywhere. We walked to Sears Tower, the Shed Aquarium, and all the way up to Millennium Pier.The complimentary in-room Starbucks coffee was a treat, as was the good quality (Lather Inc) toiletries in the beautiful bathroom. Pity that breakfast was $18 each (so went a few blocks south and enjoyed &quot;Corner Bakery&quot; instead). The lounge bar is very reasonably priced for a relaxed/casual dinner.Would definitely recommend AND return.	
Nov 20 2006 	Comfort With Great Location	This is a very pleasant hotel, clean and lots of open space in the common areas. The desk staffer was a little abrupt and disinterested on checking in, but extremely nice and efficient any other time. The room itself was on the 15th floor, and with the bay window, I could see a sliver of the lake, a good portion of the river, and most of the Chicago Theater. My room was directly above the L, but I didn't really notice noise. The bedding was nice, with 6 pillows, the room was clean and comfortable, and the bathroom had a tub/shower combo and granite sink area. Very pleasant. The hallways were nothing great, but were clean and quiet. The hotel has a nice entry area on the river (Wacker St.) and is only a 2 block walk to Michigan Ave. The Wrigley Building, IBM Center, and the new Trump building are right across the river. The Magnificent Mile is an easy 10 minute walk across the Michigan Ave bridge. The L is immediately behind the hotel and very convenient. Millenium Park is a 10 minute walk. Very safe area, not too much traffic, and not as busy as hotels on the Magnificent Mile. I liked this place and the price was reasonable.	
Oct 25 2006	Good hotel; beware the 'El' noise	I was happy with my stay:1. Excellent location2. Comfortable bed3. Spacious room4. Nice breakfast restaurant5. Well appointed lobbyMy only complaint is that my room faced the elevated subway (the &quot;El&quot;) and the noise from it was loud enough to awaken me several times throughout the night. Next time I will request a room on the other side of the hotel.	
Oct 20 2006 	good hotel	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. Staff was very attentive, professional and courteous. Concierge desk outstanding. Restaurant staff excellent. Room was clean and of adequate/standard size. Good King bed. Very fast elevators. Good location on the &quot;Loop&quot;, we walked everywhere. Only drawback - our room on back side of hotel looked over elevated train tracks and we never got used to the sounds of the trains rumbling by. If we returned, would ask for room on side away from train.	
Sep 23 2006 	Excellent Service at the Renaissance	Our first visit to Chicago was made even more enjoyable by the service we received at the Renaissance. A few days before our scheduled arrival I called the hotel to check the possibility of getting a river view as opposed to a city view. I was told there would be no problem with that by a very friendly gentleman at the front desk. Upon arrival there was an equally friendly young woman who checked us in. We had arrived a little early so our room wasn't quite ready but she took our cell # and said she would call as soon as it was ready. We received her call within an hour and were informed that we had been upgraded to a suite at no extra charge. A very nice surprise and a beautiful room with a gorgeous view. Every employee we ran into in this hotel, from the concierge, the bellman, the waitress at breakfast, the waiter in the lounge, the housekeeping staff were all polite &amp; friendly &amp; helpful. Our room was immaculate as were all of the public areas of the hotel. The location is also very convenient. We would like to visit Chicago again and would definitely stay at the Renaissance Chicago Hotel again.	
Sep 21 2006 	Great Location - High price-performance ratio	The hotel is located in quite a good and nice area. Everything could be reached within 30 minutes walkway. Hard Rock Cafe, Magnificent Mile, Navy Pier and Sears Tower. The hotel itself got a lousy price-performance ratio. Not recommendable from this point of view.	
Sep 8 2006 	Loved It!!! Great Place. Great Location.	Stayed at the Renaissance for a 1 night getaway(8/18/06). We enjoyed it!!! Valet, check-in, housekeeping....all A+!!!! We were upgraded to a club level floor 26th to our surprise....big and spacious, great view and quiet. Called down for the car and it was there at the doorstep in 6 minutes....Awesome!!! Forgot toothpaste and it was delivered, complimentary, in 4 minutes...along with mouthwash and a toothbrush. Always called us by Mr. and Mrs. Was a bit leary going into the weekend by the previous reviews but no complaints here at all. Very busy weekend with Cubs/Cardinals, Air show and PGA in town but felt like the hotel was handling it. Besides in the lobby, didn't see many guests at all. I would stay again.	
Aug 28 2006	Wonderful Hotel Great Location!	This was my first trip to Chicago and I am so glad I stayed at the Renaissance Marriott, it has a great location to shopping, dining and sporting events. My room was above average clean and comfortable and I had an amazing view of the river, I felt like I was in Europe. Supposedly you can hear the train from some of the rooms....I didn't have any problems.The hotel has a decent pool and the gym equipment seemed brand new. I didn't have an opportunity to check out the spa, but I did get a good pedicure in the nail place attached to the hotel. Definately have breakfast in the hotel and order the Lobster Scrambled Eggs...they were so good I ordered them two days in a row. While in Chicago I checked out some of the other hotels...from the Hilton to the Four Seasons and I will definately stay at the Renaissance again.	
Aug 18 2006 	Great experience!	My husband and I stayed at the Renaissance the first weekend of August, and had a wonderful time! We were on the Club floor (24), corner room, so had 2 big picture windows (could see Lake Michigan from one of them). Lovely big bathroom, sitting area. Wonderful bed and bedding! Everything clean, hotel staff friendly and helpful. It's not inexpensive, but you get what you pay for....	
Jul 27 2006	Indifferent Inept Staff--Sly cunning extra charges**Avoid	This was my third stay at this hotel. My first stay was several years ago and it was a pretty good hotel and a pretty good stay--not great, but there were no problems. My second stay was last year and it was fraught with problems, from there being no room service menu, no one answering the front, desk, concierge or room service phone (i had to go downstairs to the front desk to order room service) to repeated requests to replace a light in the bathroom (it was not replaced during my stay). I expressed my complete dissatisfaction to the management during my stay and upon leaving.I thought i'd give them another try. What a mistake. From a completely inept front desk check-in person (it took 20 minutes to check in and I'm a 10+ year Marriott Platinum member) to room service order getting lost (took over two hours to get it finally delivered) to (again) no answers to calls to the front desk or concierge desk (what is the problem here?) there were problems. Calls to management were met with apologies but no solutions.They have two types of coffee in the room--the typical Marriott brand and Starbucks. If you use the Starbucks, you get charged $4.50 per pack. To their credit, there is a note attesting to this charge, but I never read those notes as i never buy the extras. This is the first Marriott property where there is a charge for ANY of the coffee items on display at the coffee maker.I guess i'll go back to the Courtyards downtown. i thought the Renaissance and the Marriott (equally awful) were more upscale, but the Courtyards downtown have both the Renaissance and Marriott downtown beat by a mile.Avoid the Renaissance. They don't care.	
Jul 18 2006	One of The Best Stays	What can I say? Great staff, location, lobby, amenities, decor, etc. Very pleasantly surprised in my late June 2006 stay. I also stayed two nights at the Wyndham and was not as impressed. Renaissance wins hands down.	
Jul 18 2006	Expected Better	My husband and I stayed at this lovely hotel at the end of June. We stayed two nights and used our Marriott Rewards points for both.We had been looking forward to our stay, as we booked six months in advance. When we arrived at 4pm, we were greeted with pop music playing in the lobby! Quite out of place in such an elegant hotel. We thought classical music or piano would have been a better and more logical choice. We checked in and were given a room on the 15th floor. Never having been to this hotel, we asked about the location of the room and if we were going to be put on the Club floor (which is where Marriott puts Silver Rewards members) and we were told rather abruptly that the hotel was sold out and that was the only room available!!So, here we go to the 15th floor..... the room was nice, not overly big, but the bathroom was good size and everything was nice and clean. No complaints there, as the housekeeping staff really did a great job with the cleaning. There was, however, a room service tray outside our door from the previous guests night before meal!!! We called to have someone come and remove it. Then we looked out of the window and saw the L Train fly by, and then another, and then another..... oh, boy. Directly below us!We went out to dinner and to a concert, deciding that if there were no other rooms available, we'd make the most of it. We came back at about 9:30pm and after a brief discussion, decided to call and speak to the manager. We explained our situation and told him we thought Marriott could at least give us breakfast since they didn't give us a particularly good room. He said they couldn't give us breakfast, but offered us &quot;milk and cookies&quot;. What? Then he said, oh, I can move you, we do have better rooms...... What?!! That's not what we were told when we checked in. My husband was in the shower by this time and we were pretty much settled in the room for our 2 nights stay. He offered cheese and crackers.....we declined, he offered us $10 off a massge. We declined. He then called back and gave us a $20 credit for the hotel restaurant. What a carry on! We asked him to please removed the tray that was still sitting outside our door!!The following night we got turndown service with one chocolate and the next morning a bill under the door that had a charge for a Starbuck's coffee packet, ($4) that we didn't even use! If the maid had looked, we used the free packet and the other was still there!Well, that prompted us to speak to the day manager before we had breakfast. She was wonderful and went the extra mile and refunded our points! She said we should not have been given that room and gave us her business card and said to call her prior to our next stay. We blame the person at check in for being so awkward. In the future we will ask to see a manager at check in to avoid the carry on we had. It effected our stay in Chicago to a degree, but everything else about the city was great! I hope when we come back to this hotel, they have appropriate music playing in the lobby. it sounded as if they had teenagers at the contols! After all, when you think about it, doesn't the type of music you're hearing, set the mood? One more thing about the Renaissance Hotel, they charge far, FAR too much for parking!! $39 per night is outrageous.	
Jul 5 2006 	Dependable luxury at the Renaissance Chicago	The Renaissance Chicago is a solid, dependable choice for a nice hotel in Chicago. I stayed there several times for business in May - June 2006. Overall, I would say this hotel does many things very well, with hardly any negatives or things that I would say are truly excellent. Dependable luxury - it didn't often surpass my expectations, but it met them consistently.Rooms: good sized rooms, nicely appointed with dark wood and leather furniture. The conceirge floor rooms (floors 25-27) are about twice as large as others. The bathrooms are very nice, with wood, dark marble, and plenty of space; on the conceirge floors, again huge bathrooms have separate enclosed shower and bath. Noise level for the rooms is OK. I've never heard people and TV noise from other rooms, but the hotel is next to the L (elevated subway) so I did hear the train faintly from my room. I also once had a room near the elevator and had a little bit of whining noise from that, so if you are sensitive to noise I would recommend making sure the room is OK when you settle in. The views are generally good, obviously better on the top floors, but with 27 floors, chances are you won't be blown away by a view of the lake and skyline (Marriott downtown has great views if you can deal with hearing everything in the room next to you). I had a very comfotable king bed.Service: everyone has been very friendly and helpful with my requests. I have not had to call on the service very much, but whenever I have they were very helpful.Concierge lounge: very good cold breakfast, with a variety of fruit, cold cut meats, yogurts, and breads. The lounge itself is well decorated and has some good views.Fitness and pool facilities: the fitness center and pool were recently redone and reopened in May, and they are great. The pool and hot tub look sharp. All new cardio equipment was installed, each with an individual screen and headphones. They also have all new strength equipment, with a pretty good selection of machines (Palmer House and Marriott Downtown have the best weight training selections).	
Jul 4 2006	Love the Renaissance	The Ren Cen Chicago is a fabulous place to stay. The front desk is helpful and courteous, the rooms are comfortable and quiet and the beds are very comfortable. It is in a perfect location, in the Loop and within a 10 minute walk of the Magnificent Mile. The concierge recommended great restaurants in the area and the Lobby Bar is a great place to spent a couple of hours. No hotel is perfect, so if I had to point out some bad features, they are:The indoor pool is nothing special$39/night is a lot to park your carOne of the concierge was not helpfulThey missed one of our wake up callsOther than that, for $185/night you can't beat it.	
Jun 2 2006 	Great hotel/great view	My husband and I stayed at the Renaissance hotel in early April for a conference I was attending. The facilities were excellent. The lobby is not too large, but very tasteful.We arrived around 10 pm and were given a fabulous room --very large with the most awesome view of the river and Marina towers (right across from our room). The bathroom was really nice; very quiet room with wonderful bed. Fabulous location. 1-2 blocksfrom theaters/Marshall Field's, Michigan Ave. We would definitely stay there again. One of the nicest hotel rooms/hotels we have ever stayed in!	
May 30 2006	Chicago Renaissance is great!	Just stayed at the Chicago Renaissance Hotel with my two sisters and 8-year old niece--we loved it! Great location--large room on the club level--and the staff was so friendly. A few paid special attention to my niece and she loved it. Be aware that if you stay on the club level on the weekends the club lounge is not open. We were given vouchers and had an excellent breakfast downstairs in the Great Street Cafe. It was better than I expected since I always have low expectations about hotel restaurants. We had fun shopping, going to plays, eating at good restaurants, and visiting the museums. We would definitely return to this hotel.	
May 17 2006	A Pleasant Stay and a Great Location!	Since we've had good experiences staying in another Renaissance Hotel, we decided to stay here. It was a great choice. We booked a room with a river view and were given a room with 2 queen beds although we requested 1 king bed. Our room was on the 14th floor and we thought that it was well worth the extra money since the view is awesome, especially at night. The room was spacious with a closet that easily held our belongings and was set up so that when you opened the door, the closet light came on. Overall, the bathroom was well-designed with enough room to move around. One nice feature we liked was that you can set the light switch so that only a light under the counter comes on. This is great for leaving on at night so that you can see where you are going should you get up. The only thing I think that could have been better--the sink. The counter was high and the sink was set too far back making it a bit difficult for a short person like myself to use--I can't imagine what it would be like for a young child! The hotels gives out toiletries--the brand was &quot;Lather&quot;--shampoo, conditioner, lotion, soap, shower cap (they called it a &quot;bath hat&quot;) and a boot buffer. The beds were comfortable and housekeeping kept the room very clean. During the week, you get a complimentary copy of &quot;USA Today&quot;. Also, in the lobby there are complimentary copies of the Tribune and Sun-Times. We had breakfast twice in the hotel restaurant, &quot;Great Street&quot;. The food was good if overpriced. Honestly, you can do better eating elsewhere. We would stay here again when we're in town. The location is great--steps away from the State/Lake CTA stop which made getting there from Midway very easy.	
May 11 2006	Amazing experience	I just returned from a weekend stay in Chicago. This is such a wonderful hotel. I had the most pleasant stay at this charming propety in Chicago. First, the location. Unbeatable, with view and all the activities one wants, at your footsteps. Second, this hotel has by far the largest standard rooms in the city. I have stayed at many different hotels in Chicago and am quite convinced of this. Each room has a bay window, this way giving your room extra space. The sitting area has a full size, very comfortable sofa, not just a symbolic arm chair with a side table. Friendly staff. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 28 2006 	2nd stay at the Renaissance Chicago	We stayed here 6 years ago, and the hotel is showing signs of aging. Someone needs to re-check the rooms for worn carpeting and upgrading the paper/paint. Our room on the 16th floor had a beautiful view, the bedroom was clean but the bath tub needed some cleaning from the previous guest. Housekeeping came right away and gave a $10 credit off inroom or other dining choices at the hotel, which was a considerate touch. For the most part, the staff were friendly and helpful, even tho inroom dining messed up with some parts of our orders. The Lobby, Spa and Gym were being rennovated and so were not available at all. I asked the guy at Concierge for smoke free dining around the hotel, and we were sent to a nice place that had a bar with smoking in the middle of the room. I was sorry we tipped our Concierge BEFORE we ate - wound up eating at Smith &amp; Wollensky outside, and it was a windy, freezing night.For the daily room rate of $329/night ($399 on Friday/Saturday - and that was a Convention rate), I think next time we'll try a boutique hotel, even tho we won't get Marriott rewards. The hotel needs a little revamping to keep the classy distinction.	
Apr 24 2006 	If you stay don't park here you will be charged for that plus internet service.	I rented a room there for 2 nights , thinking that well usually all people park at a hotel , if they have driven or rented a Car. As a paying customer you would not think they would charge you to park your vehicle. WRONG ! Be expected to pay for that BIG.Also think internet access is free, think again there is a charge for that as well.Next time I will look for a reasonable hotel, with out all the rediculous prices tacked on.Don't beleive me, call them first upon staying there.	
Apr 23 2006	GREAT HOTEL	we stayed at this hotel for one night while we were at a train concert,this hotel was very nice for the money we paid $119.00 a night thought travel zoo.comwe were not charged for having three in a room that was nice becouse the parking is $40.00 at this hotel.the theater was right there and that was great,we walked almost everywhere we went,shopping eatting ect.The door men at this hotel were great and helpful when it came to what clubs to go to.this hotel is a graet place to stay for anything you want to do in the windy city.AAAAAA	
Apr 10 2006 	Very comfortable hotel	Our 12th floor river view room was very comfortable. The view was great at all hours of the day. The concierge could not have been more helpful with thoughtful recommendations and suggestions. We would definitely stay here the next time we visit Chicago.	
Apr 2 2006	Could have been better	We stayed at this hotel for only 2 nights March 31 and April 1. When we arrived, we were told our club room would be ready in &quot;less than an hour&quot;. Since it was our first time to Chicago, we decided to go to the Sears building. We came back 2 hours later and our room was still not ready. We were asked if we wanted a regular room with a nice view of the river. Since we did not want to wait anymore, we decided to take it. The room was nice, great view of the river, spacious bathroom and a small refrigerator. We hung up all of our clothes and realized that the room stunk of cigarette smoke. Since this was supposed to be a NON smoking room, we called maid service and she came up and sprayed a freshener on the carpets. Also a maintenance guy came up with a machine that was suppose to absord smoke but it didn't help. Also that night we noticed that the room was quite stuffy and warm. The thermostat read 74 degrees. I usually like it a little cooler when I go to sleep. We tried to lower the temperature and it would not work. We called the front desk and told them that our thermostat was broken. She replied &quot;we didn't put our air on yet, it's not the season&quot;. I pay $350 a night for a hotel room and I am not allowed to adjust the temperature to what I would like it? We told her that we would like it cooler and feel uncomfortable sleeping in a hot room. This is not a Holiday Inn or a Motel 7, this is a Marriott!!! She said that maintenance can overide it and it should be okay. Within a couple of hours, it was cooler. The next day, again the room stunk of smoke. Again, we had to call maid service and complain. The carpets stunk, the blankets, the pillows, the sheets. At this point, I wasn't sure whether the bedding was ever changed from the previous guest or the maid was smoking as she was cleaning the room. My pajamas stunk of smoke. It's really disgusting if you're not a smoker. And once again the room was hot. We had to call down again and ask them to overide the thermostat. They never did. I've stayed in many Marriotts over the years and never had to deal with cigarette smoke and no air. For $350 a night, I should not have to deal with these problems. Aside from that, the hotel was quiet at night and only a few blocks from the Magnificent Mile. I am not sure if I would stay here again. They are not very accomodating and they should be more cognizant of smokers in a non smoking room.	
Mar 28 2006	Renaissance Chicago-good value for the right rate..	A son in college in Evanston brings us to the windy city and evirons with some frequency of late. Recently, we saw the Hubbard Street Dance Co. near home in Florida, and vowed to see them in their home venue at the Harris Theater in Millenium Park. And while looking for other Chicago activities for our weekend we discovered that the Goodman Theater had a David Mamet Festival, and the Renaissance offered rooms at $139 per night for Goodman patrons. Despite a 750 person Italian/Indian wedding at the hotel and an orthopedist's convention in town, the Renaissance had a room for us at that rate.(without any verification that we had theater tickets-when booking or while there)The Renaissance is around the block from the theater, 5 minute walk from Millenium Park--2 minutes to Michigan Avenue shopping and a restaurant(Bandera) recommended by the concierge which was a wonderful choice for two of our meals. The hotel staff was friendly, genuinely helpful (no problem with early check in)and knowledgeable, the room cozy, without being small, the housekeeping staff friendly and accomodating. We had a view of the river and the lake from the 17th floor room which had a comfortable king bed and well appointed first class bath.This is not a 5 star hotel--if you want the ultimate in &quot;luxe&quot; go elsewhere-but if you want a comfortable, well located hotel with virtually all the amenities you could want, don't overlook the Renaissance.(NB. the fitness area and pool is undergoing a renovation which began March 27--call to see when they'll be done.)If I were paying the published $339 a night rate, perhaps I wouldn't consider the hotel such a great choice-but then again, I didn't do an extensive search for alternatives, once I secured my reservation at $139. As usual, I will be glad to share further observations with anyone who emails.	
Mar 26 2006	Read This	This is how a hotel should be run. Efficient, polite and clean. Superb BED!!!! Cramped workout area being totally redone, should be nice. Perfect locale. I would definitely stay here again. There is a really nice starbucks next door in an attatched pass-thru Mall.(No need to step outside!)	
Mar 25 2006	Great Hotel in the Heart of Chicago!	Centrally located to many attractions. Service was outstanding! Rooms were comfortable, clean, and nicely furnished. Couldn't have asked for more.	
Mar 3 2006	Rooms were small Staff was horrible	We travel to Chicago regulary with our friends from Cleveland and this was our first experience at with this Renaissance Hotel (we've stayed at several other Renaissance hotels in the US). Upon checking in the staff did not have my room ready, which was OK, but by the time we got our room it was extremly tiny (we paid $60 on top of our room rate to get a larger room). We called front desk and they moved us in to another room which had water all over the floor. We asked for another room and they had one, so this our 3rd move the room smelled like smoke. We were so tired we took the room because we didn't want to be extreme pains. We went out to dinner (everything is far away from this hotel) and had to take cabs all night long. The only thing close to this hotel is bowling across the river. I was not impressed. We finally checked out 3 nights later and will not go back to this hotel again. I'd rather go to another hotel north of the river.	
Feb 18 2006 	Nice Hotel	We stayed two nights in the Renaissance and I was very happy with how clean and comfortable the hotel is. It would have been nice if our room was truly ready upon arrival. For example I had to call to request additional robes for my spouse and three year old as there was only one in our room waiting for us. And my only complaint was the bathroom smelled of urine. I requested the bathroom cleaned, and it was scrubbed thoroughly by hotel staff. However, the odor reappeared later in the day. After an exhaustive search we determined it must be the potpourri. In any case, nothing about our room looked unclean or unsanitary. Everything sparkled and the decor was very nice. Loved the duvet and the mattress. Location is the best part about this hotel...but I personally like to use the amenities. The ladies locker room was no Ritz Carlton. Disposable razors, combs and facial products would have been nice but are not provided. The hot tub and pool were great and overall we enjoyed our stay and would return again. I expected a bit more however and was only slightly disappointed by those small things I already mentioned.	
Feb 7 2006	Nice choice for Chicago	We have stayed at a number of Chicago hotels, and the Renaissance was a wonderful choice. It is centrally located (especially if you want to see Wicked), has the most comfortable beds, and a nice gym free to guests. We had a river view which was lovely. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 30 2006	Locals Love It!	As a lifelong Chicagoan, I chose to stay here for my 50th birthday last year. The views overlooking the Chicago River, Marina City, and the up &amp; coming Trump Tower were so Chicago. Now we just got back from another 1-night stay after seeing the play, Wicked (one block away). What a lovely, well-run hotel! It's better than ever. New beds, overstuffed &amp; ample pillows, beautiful bathrooms with elegant wood appointments, efficient elevators, etc.As a Chicagoan, I have my pick of many hotels - some world class. Whenever I can, I choose the Chicago Renaissance.My only complaint - $39 overnight valet parking. Inexcusable.	
Dec 21 2005	Renaissance Perfect location	We stayed at the Renaissance for our 40th anniversary. It was the perfect location for christmas shopping. Located on the Chicago river at the north end of State street and two blocks from north Michigan street. I was able to get a really good deal thru Travel Zoo. com and when we arrived we upgraded to the 26th floor . The upgrade was very reasonable and it included a light dinner and breakfast plus a larger room with a view of the lake. We did not have to leave the hotel to eat only to shop. I would stay here anytime. The lobby and pool were very nice plus they have all the amenities. Loved the Renaissance.	
Nov 28 2005	OK- but nothing great	My wife and I thought the hotel was adequate but nothing great. The hotel was clean and the rooms were nice but for the money, I didn't see anything special. The little things just weren't there, at least not in our case. My wife wanted to take a bath so I called down trying to find some bubble bath and was offered no help whatsoever. I also thought the entrance to the hotel was very poorly designed. You have to walk in where the car drop-off is so there are cars all over the place making it very awkward to enter and exit the building by foot. I was also disappointed that fresh towels were not provided later in the evening after cleaning up to go out. We had to use wet towels in the morning. I know these are little things but when you are paying good money for a room, i think you deserve more than this hotel provided.	
Nov 13 2005	great location	My wife and I went on a last minute getaway to downtown Chicago. We chose the Renaissance because of all the good reviews and we got a fairly good rate. Staff were all friendly and were very accomodating. We have a LARGE corner room which was nicely decorated and comfortable. We were concerned about the city noise and found it to be very quiet ...except for when they slipped the bill under the door at 330am....whoever it was, was carrying a two way radio which had the volume turned way up....it woke us instantly and we could hear him working his way down the hall. We also inquired about late checkout and was told 100pm would be the absolute latest. Starwood and other hotel programs usually will let you do late check out at 400pm...Marriott should offer this benefit as well....for their frequent stayers....overall....for location/price/service/amenities...not a bad choice...I would go back	
Oct 28 2005 	Top Notch Hotel	Staying at the Renaissance was a wonderful experience. Every employee I encountered was friendly, welcoming, helpful and smiling. They went out of their way to make sure my stay was great and provided excellent service. The hotel room was quite large. Bathroom spacious with great smelling products. The bed.....LOVED the bed, generous pillows and fluffy down comforter. I didn't want to get up in the morning. Would definitely stay at this hotel again!	
Sep 8 2005	Loved the Beds!	Loved, Loved, Loved the beds. Everything was very clean. The room was very nice, large bathroom with separate shower and bath. View of Lake Michigan and the river. Great workout room.	
Sep 6 2005	LOVED the Renaissance Chicago...Why Stay Anywhere Else	My first trip to Chicago was highlighted by my stay at the Renaissance Chicago Hotel. This is a lovely, decent, clean, professional, fun, and reputable property. My girlfriends and I went to Chicago for Labor Day weekend. Our goal was to eat and shop our way through the city...and we did! Staff members were friendly, professional, and very helpful with information and resources. I especially appreciated the waaayyyy early check-in, as we arrived at 5AM from San Diego...and a wee bit tired after the plane trip! But the Front Desk Rep was very helpful, pleasant and got us a room. The beds was fabulous, with comfy pillowtop mattresses, and the rooms were clean and nicely decorated. Street noise was minimal considering we were staying in the city. The hotel is in a great location, along the Chicago River and surrounded by incredible architectural wonders. The hotel is also located next to the subway and Marshall Fields, making it very convenient for getting around and shopping. It is also a few blocks away from the incredible Millenium Park and the Michigan Ave Bridge leading to the incredible shops of the Magnificent Mile. Chicago is my new FAVORITE town and the Renaissance Chicago Hotel is one of main reasons for it! I will definitely be back to Chicago and the Renaissance Chicago Hotel!	
Aug 31 2005	Gorgeous Room and Location	We stayed here at the end of a 5 week road trip across the US and found it a superb oasis of comfort. Our family (2 adults/2 teenagers) had arrived by Amtrak overnight sleeper from Memphis - a very disappointing experience, had booked deluxe cabins but found them sleazy and very uncomfortable - so we were more than ready for some luxury. The Renaissance is a very luxurious experience.The room was extremely spacious - we had a corner deluxe with 2 queen size beds - as was the bathroom. The beds were the most comfortable we have ever slept in. Even our teenagers raved about them - they wouldn't normally notice something like that. The pillows, sheets, linen were all absolutely top quality - you could really feel the difference. We also had a superb view over Chicago and the Chicago River below us - one of the best views we have ever had. Our room number was 1524. The hotel was busy - there was a wedding on - but the accommodation floors were quiet - we got a great nights sleep.Breakfast was superb - an amazing buffet - with most unusual and delicious sounding a la carte offerings too. Service was impeccable without being in the least obsequious. Location is great: right on the river. A few blocks walk to the Miracle Mile and around the corner from the main Marshall Field store. A really nice area in the heart of the theatre district.We had looked long and hard at where to stay for our final night and we made the right choice. It felt like 6&quot; quality for a 4* price. Would definitely return. It's simply not worth paying RC or Four Seasons prices when this is available.	
Aug 28 2005 	Wonderful location and a pleasant time	I was in Chicago for a conference and chose the Renaissance based on past stays in this hotel. I wasn't disappointed. From the professional, yet friendly check-in, to the efficient housekeeping, my stay was lovely. The room was spacious, and even with a streetside view, I could see the lake and the river. And it was blissfully quiet. The location is fabulous and even on the hot days I could walk just about anywhere I needed to be.	
Aug 21 2005	Renaissance is wonderful	We are thoroughly enjoying staying at the Renaissance Chicago Hotel. We have a 16th-floor room overlooking the water and Marina City, and the views of the Chicago River and buildings are spectacular, day and night. Tyrone, the concierge, helped us even before we checked in by suggesting taking the train from O'Hare to the city; it was a good thing, because we could see the traffic moving much more slowly on the road next to the train. Check-in was easy. The beds are extremely comfortable, and the room is clean. Belgian chocolates appear on the bed at night from their turn-down service. There's an excellent breakfast buffet we ate, and at night we enjoyed visiting with relatives in the bar. If you like chocolate cake and don't mind spending a forture, get a slice!We would be happy to stay here again.	
Aug 16 2005	Always a class act	I have stayed at the Ren many times in Chicago, and I have never been disappointed. As a Marriott Gold member (50 nights a year w/ Marriott), we always get a water view room. Try to request this to avoid noise from the nearby L. All of the rooms are very large compared to rooms at many other hotels in the city. The bathroom is large and nicely maintained. There is a coffeemaker with plenty of Starbucks, as well as a well-stocked mini-bar, in every room. The beds have recently been replaced, and now they are much more luxurious, with puffy white comforters and tons of pillows. The staff is extremely attentive to anything that you need, especially if you're nice and smile at them. We had many requests during a recent stay - we needed several ice buckets, more robes, and a toothbrush - and we were taken care of promptly and with great care.Some people have commented about the breakfast buffet being expensive, but $16pp in the city is actually very reasonable, plus it's a very good buffett. We've had very good room service breakfast here as well. The lobby bar is wonderful, with live jazz most nights and excellent drinks and service.It may not be right on the Mag Mile, but it's a very short walk to get to all kinds of great shopping. As has been mentioned, the huge Marshall Fields State Street store is about a block away, and it has just about anything you could ask for. Taxis are plentiful from the Ren, and you can quickly get to just about anywhere in the city. As for rates, they vary tremendously. Try for a AAA rate if you have membership, as this is often cheaper.I have stayed at many of the nicer hotels in Chicago, and I am always happiest at the Ren.	
Aug 8 2005	Good but not great	Maybe I get out a little more often than the people who wrote the previous reviews. The hotel is not all that much of a big deal. The hotel lobby is in need of a renovation.Location is good, 3 blocks from Michigan Avenue, but it is very close to House of Blues, Hard Rock Cafe and a few decent resturaunts.If you like a large lobby, a lounge, and flowered carpet, this is your place.The room was very nice and seemed new with good furniture and the view over the river was nice. The room was standard sizeThe staff was excellent, which is very important.I believe I was on the 17 floor and you still could hear noise from the street.The A/C system is set to go off if there is no motion in the room, this is ok if you are in Motel 6 but not a 4 star.The valet was very helpfull.If you like totally new hotels, try the Sofitel, the rooms are a bit smaller, but the hotel is new and hip and very close to the Rush street scene. Rooms stay very cold.	
Jun 30 2005	Wow!	My wife and I stayed here last weekend. Top notch all the way. Front desk personnel were very friendly and helpful. Concierge was helpful. Room was upgraded to junior suite for no charge. Room was very clean and all furniture was really nice. We had a great view of the river from the 18th floor. Bellmen were easy to work with and very accomodating. Location was great for the theatre and shopping. This is the 3rd time we have stayed here over the past 6 years and never have been disappointed.We would go back here in a heartbeat.	
Jun 28 2005	Very Pleasant experience at the Renaissance!	My husband and I just returned from a brief trip in Chicago on June 24th. Upon check-in, I was very pleased to find that we had been given a Junior Suite with a river view. This was by far one of the best rooms I have stayed in, and I travel a lot! It had two bathrooms, a large living area, a separate bedroom area, and two beautiful bay windows overlooking the river.(one in each room.) It was convenient to many &quot;must-see locations&quot;, but do make sure you bring comfortable shoes!Valet parking was $38/night, which is about average for the city. All of the staff we encountered were very friendly, and the lobby was very lavishly decorated. It was about a 5-10 minute walk to the new Millenia Park/ and Grant Park, as well as the &quot;Magnificient Mile&quot;. Overall, we give this two thumbs up and would return again!	
Jun 15 2005	Had a great visit!	We had a wonderful stay at the Renaissance June 10-12. We checked in very early (around 10:30 a.m.). I mentioned to the front desk clerk that we were celebrating our anniversary, and he was able to put us in a nice room on the 21st floor with a view of the river. The room was large enough and comfortable, and the bathroom was very nice. We returned from our theatre show that first night to find a bottle of champagne, chocolate, strawberries, and a note from the front desk staff. Very nice touch. Our only problems were a slightly rude and less than helpful fellow at the concierge desk, and the fact that they were changing out desks in the rooms on the day we checked in. It was a bit annoying to have them in and out of our room three times! I chalked that up to an early checkin though.The hotel was very convenient to the El, as the State/Lake stop is right next door. It was just a few short blocks to the hustle and bustle of the Magnificent Mile. It is not right in the midst of the action, as it is a little way from the Museum Campus and from the shopping. It was still not a problem, as everything was a comfortable walk, bus ride, or cab ride away. We had tickets to theatre productions, and this hotel is very convenient to both the Oriental and the Cadillac. This was our second stay at the Renaissance, and I would definitely return.	
Jun 1 2005 	Awesome hotel great location	This hotel is great! I was at a conference at the Westin across thestreet, but got a great rate at the Renaissance ($99). This hotelis located very centrally -- accessible to both Michigan Ave and StateStreet. Its walking distance to Union Station and on the river. Everyonewas very friendly and helpful. I did have problems with my card keygetting deactivated twice. There was also a nice gym and indoor pool.Would definitely stay again.	
May 31 2005	Comfortable Hotel	My wife and I were extremely pleased with everything about the Renaissance. The location is at the north end of the Loop (by the river) and just south of the magnificent mile. The El is right next to the hotel, so getting to and from Midway is convenient and easy. Most of the sights are within walking distance or a short El ride away. My only concern with having the El so close was noise as mentioned in previous reviews, howeverit is only a low rumble when the train passes by that sounds much like an ac unit kicking on and is hardly noticeable. We were on the 22nd floor, so I'm not sure how disturbing it is on lower floors if absolute silence is needed. The room was quite nice with a well-appointed decor and comfortable bed. Service was excellant with many ammenities offered.	
May 31 2005	Great central location	This hotel was just the best location!! Easy to reach from the L, very close to the theater district and just a block from Marshall Fields. The rooms were very spacious and we loved the bay windows that let you see the river and the lake. It was a newer hotel and not an older one that they revived. We had a room on the 21st Floor and didn't notice any street noise or the L (beside it). Room service food was good and service was unbelieveably fast!	
May 15 2005	Big rooms near trains ask for a view of the river	I was very pleased with this hotel... it's around 4 blocks from the train that goes to the airport, and right on the loop subway. Hotels in Chicago seem to be a higher standard than many cities. Ask to see if you can get a view of the river, it's beautiful.	
May 11 2005 	Upgraded to top floor suite- quite happy	I'm platinum with Marriott (75 nights or more per year) and the front desk upgraded me to top floor suite. Everything was perfect. Gigantic marble bathroom- separate tub and shower. Very classy, no complaints. I travel a lot for business and would always prefer to sleep in my own bed no matter what the hotel. However, if you have to travel on business, this is the hotel and the room to be in.	
Mar 17 2005 	Beware of Train!!	If you really want to stay at this hotel, and I found it to be nothing special, be sure to ask not to be on the train side of the building. There is a train stop literally right next to the building and the sound is the same as spending the night in a train station. If the noise doesn't bother you, then you should be fine. It is in a good location, but so are 100 other hotels. And it's not that great a value for the room rates. Not sure how it is managing to get so many rave reviews.	
Feb 7 2005	Very nice!!	I stayed at this hotel in Jan. 2005. We took the &quot;L&quot; to the hotel from Midway airport. It was so easy to find, we just went down the stairs from the &quot;L&quot; and there was the hotel (and protesters outside the hotel for some reason.) Anyway, the lobby was very nice and big, very elegant. Check-in was a breeze, however we requested 2 double beds and she said they didn't have anything available. She then said they had a King room w/a sofa bed. So, we took that. Glad we did, because it was on the corner of a high floor and the room was about double the size of a regular room. It was very nice, however it could use a little updating.The location was very good, but since it was next to the &quot;L&quot; you could hear it all night until it stopped. It was a short walk to the Magnificant Mile shops and State Street shops were even closer. Next time I'd like to stay on the mile because it seems thats where we spent most of our time.	
Oct 24 2004	Beautiful 4 Star Hotel	I took my husband to Chicago for his birthday where we had a great time. As soon as you walk into this hotel you know its a 4 star hotel. The service was great and the people were very friendly. We got this hotel through priceline.com for $150 per night, but i now found out we could've gotten a hotel right on michigan ave. for way less then that, so i was kinda bummed about that. Their restaurant was a little pricey for us, breakfast buffet $16pp. There is a great Borders about 2 blocks away on State St. and many stores by Marshall Fields which is also only a few blocks away as well. So you dont have to walk to Michigan Ave. if you dont want, but we didnt notice this until we were leaving.	
Oct 15 2004	Spacious and comfy - but a bit tired around the edges.	Stayed for one night at the beinning of October. The hotel is in an excellent location and is easy to get to and from everything of interest. Rooms are spacious and the bed is really comfortable. Impressed with the clean bathroom as well. Furnishings are a bit tired around the edges and showing some age. Not much of a view from our room. Not as romantic as I had hoped and somewhat pricey $220. Try to find a cheaper rate if you can. Not a bad place to stay though.	
Sep 15 2004	By far and wide the best!	We love staying at the Renaissance Chicago. The staff is always so attentive, and the property is as crisp as ever. Everything about this hotel says Chicago. From the architecture, to the artwork, and even to the names of the suites. The rooms are HUGE for a Loop property, and all of them offer swollen puffy beds for your relaxation and enjoyment. The location is also great, as it is situated at the HEART of chicago (1 W Wacker, at the corner of Wacker and State... you can't get much more Chicago!) with easy access by L, cab or foot to any other point in Chicagoland. This is my fav Chicago hotel, and I put all of my out of town guests up here, because you have every option in Chicago, from dining, to sightseeing to clubbing at your very doorstep, and when you're done, you have a pristine oasis awaiting you!	
Aug 31 2004	Nice comfortable great location	As a Chicago native I don't often have the opportunity to stay in local hotels. While my home was being remodeled for 5 days, I stayed here in a king room. The room was comfortable, oversized and included a full size sofa bed. The common areas and lobby are very well appointed. There is a Starbucks and snack shop within the hotel complex. This hotel is not as flashy and hip as some of the newer hotels in town but I very much enjoyed the low key nature and quietness of this hotel. I got a great rate from Priceline which made this hotel a great bargain for a 4 star hotel. Note that only some rooms have a view of the River. My room was on the &quot;L&quot; side but was well sound proofed and I still enjoyed a city view.	
Aug 23 2004	My Favorite Chicago Hotel	Excellent location for business and sightseeing. The rooms are larger than at other hotels, and the river views are beautiful. A bit noisy, however, if your room faces the &quot;el&quot;, what with trains going past at all hours. Request a river-view room instead.	
Aug 15 2004	Very good	Very nice hotel. Not quite a Ritz but close enough. Only complaint my wife had was no turn down service. Great location for theaters and shopping State street or Michigan Ave. Would stay there again and price for the quality and location was good as well.	
Aug 5 2004	Excellent	I've stayed at this hotel numerous times and always find it a great place to stay. The rooms are well appointed and the staff is very helpful. This hotel is one of those rare jewels in Chicago that can be bargin if you go the Marriott site to book at from time to time. I'll recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 13 2004	Excellent hotel	Hope to stay here again!!!!!! Location puts all major Chicago attractions within walking distance or a short cab drive. Hotel amenities and service rates a 4.5 out of 5 stars. Even though our room was booked through Priceline, we still received top notch service.	
Jul 5 2004	Excellent in every way.	We just got home from spending the July 4th weekend (three nights) at this hotel. Up front you should know that I am a Marriott Gold Rewards member and used Marriott Reward points for a free stay but I don't believe this effected the quality service we received.. Everything about this hotel was nice. The room was clean, bright, well situated and located on the 11th floor with a river view. We had twice daily maid service including turn down service each night. Fresh ice was always found in our ice bucket each evening after the turn down service. We also received daily weather forecasts in our room. We tried room service on a Saturday morning and the food was delivered in less than 20 minutes and on a rolling table. No kidding. The bed was very comfortable and down pillows were provided. Loved the bathroom lighting and the stereo sound from the TV piped inwith volume control. The room was very quiet. We did experience some city noise but that is to be expected and is something we personally like. The concierge helped many, many times including providing us with an umbrella for a day. The elevators were very fast which was an unexpected surprise. The lobby has a fully loaded Starbucks which provided us with a place to pick up fresh fruit and salads. Although I would have liked to have been a little closer to Michigan Ave., this hotel will be GREAT for when making a theater going trip as the hotel literally sits in the district. Marshall Fields on State is just one quick block away. No problems with this hotel. We loved every minute and will definitely go back. No question about it.	
Jul 3 2004	Fabulous hotel!	This hotel is fabulous! The rooms are spacious, bathroom is large with lots of extra towels. Our room was furnished elegantly. Bed was very comfortable with feather pillows (also has hypoallergenic pillows available). I am extremely sensitive to odors and found no unpleasant smells at all, nor did I find anything rundown about either the room or the lobby areas. Hotel is close to transportation, Marshall Fields, Grant Park, the river. Staff was friendly and helpful. I can't wait to come back and stay longer!	
Jul 1 2004	Excellent choice top notch	Stayed for 3 nights over memorial day weekend. This is a top notch hotel, and for the quality and luxury, reasonably priced. Great location on the Chicago river, short walk to Michigan Avenue. Had a great view of the city and the river. Room service was one of the fastest I have ever used, and the food was excellent. Very comfortable bed, large bathroom, just top notch all around. Would definitely stay here again next time in Chicago.	
Jun 22 2004	A bit down at the heels but still nice!!	Location is everything, and this hotel has it! Right on the river (splurge if you can on a room that faces the river), in the heart of the Loop, so you can walk out and sightsee right from the hotel.The rooms need work - the carpet in mine was a bit run-down, and the bathrooms could use some upgrading. The service is excellent - when I had a complaint about room service, I found a beautiful complimentary dessert waiting for me when I returned to my room later that evening. The staff was always polite, helpful, and especially kind about assisting me with directions. 	
Jun 3 2004	Smelly hotel	The reviewers that gave this hotel a rating of &quot;excellent&quot; must not be accustomed to staying in very nice hotels. The Renaissance Chicago Hotel is old and dated, with a distinctly old and used aire from the lobby to the guest rooms. The lobby is cheap and hideous looking with ugly floral carpet and couches and used, warn furniture. Also, there are gold fish bowls on top of the coffee tables in the lobby, a very bizzare touch.The worst thing about the hotel was that our room smelled really, really bad. I don't want to be vulgar, but it smelled like a dirty, sweaty butt. The entire floor was permeated by this stinch and also by the smell of burning hair that appeared to be coming from one of the rooms. Also, the &quot;clean&quot; towels and sheets smelled very, very dirty. I only gave this hotel an &quot;okay&quot; rating instead of terrible because the staff was very helpful. Our reservation was lost, and the front desk staff took the time to call our travel agent and take care of the process for us. Very helpful, too bad the hotel smells so bad.	
May 22 2004	Super access to public transportation.	I love the hotel and I love its location also. I've stayed 4 times at this hotel. You can ride the train in from either airport and the L drops you off about 1/3 of a block from the back entrance of the hotel. Literally, you get off the train and you can be in the hotel within 2 minutes of stepping off the train. Also, the subway stop over by the Chicago Theatre is 1 block away and that will take you to Wrigly Field and Boystown. The hotel staff really makes an effort to be nice and accomodating. Also the hotel is very upscale, though not luxury and many of the rooms have a good view of the Chicago River. The Club Level lounge serves above average food. Its my favorite hotel in Chicago, cause it has the absolute best access to the train system. If your sole purpose is to shop on the Magnificent Mile you may want to choose another hotel. Although access to the Mag Mile is okay, other hotels have better access. But if you want train access from either airport and want to go to Wrigley Field or Boystown in an upscale hotel with easy access, this is the hotel to stay at. PS, a cab ride from Wrigley or Boystown to this hotel say at 3 am in the morning costs about $11. A cab ride to Navy Pier is about $5. The walk to the Mag Mile is about 10 minutes.	
Mar 29 2004	I'd go back here again in a Heartbeat		
Jan 13 2004	Extremely pleased with the Renaissance		
Oct 26 2003	General comments		
Oct 20 2003	Renaissance is of class		
Sep 26 2003	Renaissance Chicago a Wonderful Visit		
Sep 11 2003	Anniversary stay from hell		
Jul 23 2003	Great value on the river		
Jul 10 2003	great view simple elegance		
Jun 2 2003	This place is wonderful		
Oct 4 2002	first-rate property		
Aug 16 2009 	??????????????????		
Jul 4 2008 	Dieses Hotel ist einfach super....		
Dec 21 2006	Es un hotel de 5 estrellas		
