	Great hotel!	The staff was amazing.The breakfast and dinner was perfect. Saved us tons of money and was perfect for the kids.Great location!	
Nov 17 2009 	Great Hotel right in the center of Chicago	Really made welcome from the moment I arrived. Lobby is on a higher floor so rooms have a good view. I was on the 16th Floor and the room was incredibly quiet for being in the center of a city. You can take breakfast to your room and everything is available to do that. If there was one little defect it would be the swimming pool which looked like it needed to be resurfaced- the paint is peeling from the sides. Every morning while we stayed we went to Swim and no-one else was there. Nice that it is indoor and right on top of the hotel. Staff were very friendly and they also have a great Business Center where you can print your boarding pass for free. Internet is also free in your room. Would definitely stay in this hotel again. It is right by the Hotel Garden Inn if you are comparing hotels.	
Nov 17 2009 	Superb location everything's included staff was awesome.	I met my girlfriends in Chicago for the weekend for a birthday celebration and stayed at Homewood Suites. I wasn't sure what to expect, but we loved it. The rooms are huge, with a full kitchen, a pullout sofa and a monster king sized bed. Bathrooms are large enough for 3 women to get ready to go out at night without stepping on each other. The staff was great. We dined at Table 52, Art Smith's (Oprah's former chef) restaurant and stopped at Le Colonial one night and walked there easily. The first night we were a bit tired, so simply walked across the street to PF Chang's - who also provides the room service at the hotel. The entrance to Nordstrom is just across the street from the hotel's front door and for discount shopping, walking to the loop to shop on State Street is an easy morning jaunt over the river. All in all, a good price for a nice hotel with a charming staff and a magnificent location. Internet and breakfast are included in the room rate. I'll definitely come back and bring the kids next time...loads of families were staying there that weekend.	
Nov 14 2009 	Boring but comfortable roomy and convenient	This hotel looks like it was originally another hotel where they joined two small rooms to make each suite. Half of the suite is a kitchen and sitting area and the other, the bath and bedroom. Two TVs, plenty of nearby restaurants, view of the Wrigley building. Breakfast and dinner are included weekdays, but I preferred buying fresh veggies at the grocery store a block away to the comfort food they served. My client got me a great deal on the room given its location and amenities; my &quot;value&quot; rating would have been significantly lower if I'd paid rack rate. Note to light sleepers: there must be a fire station near by, as I regularly heard sirens in my south-facing room.	
Nov 1 2009 	Felt so much like home...	I visited Chicago with my two teenage daughters. Homewood Suites is amazing. The complimentary breakfast and receptions offer so much variety. The hotel was within walking distance to many places to eat and shop. We got caught in a thunderstorm, and got soaking wet. I dried all our clothes in the dryer right in the hotel! The Homewood Suites was so much like home. The suite was very spacious and had everything we needed. The hotel had lots of brochures and suggestions for dining and activities. The staff was so friendly and helpful. Chicago is an amazing place and the Homewood Suites is the place to stay. I would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 26 2009 	Great Hotel conveniently located	My husband and I stayed two nights and could not have been happier. We had a corner room with a wonderful view. The staff was polite and very helpful. The complimentary breakfast saved us time and money. Two blocks from MM and a short bus trip away from the theatre and art museum. We walked to the Navy Pier and road the free trolley back to the hotel. We would stay here again on our next trip to Chicago.	
Oct 26 2009 	Poor Service at Valet and at Check In	Dissatisfied with the service upon arrival at the hotel. In the pouring rain, 3-4 valet employees watched from 15 feet away in the front door as my colleague and I unloaded our vehicle of 6 bags, a laptop computer, rolling file box, etc. in the pouring rain. I complained at the hotel 'sfront desk clerk and requested to speak with the manager. Well, it's been nearly two hours since we checked in and no one has spoken to us about or addressed our complaint yet. Needless to say, we are hesitant about any future stays with Hilton and will probably not be uning them and this hotel for any future business or pleasure trips.	
Oct 14 2009 	Great Location for Shopping and Chicago-land Fun	We stayed for 3 nights at the Homewood Suites in mid-August and had a great time. We love the all suites layout- since it provided a nice pull-out couch for our two boys and a king bed in a separate room for my hubby and I. The only poor experience we had while we were here was at check-in (on a Friday) when our room was not ready. There were people camped out all over the lobby waiting for rooms to be ready and the staff seemed frazzled. We did not appreciate waiting for 45 minutes or so for our room- but after that the stay went fine. There is a small indoor pool on an upper floor that our kids really enjoyed. We went there a couple of times and there were never more than 10 other people there (on a weekend)- so we enjoyed that fact. The location of this hotel is great- right across from the back door to Nordstroms and close to many great restaurants- all within walking distance for kids. Bucco di Beppo is right across the street and PF Changs is kitty corner- just for 2 examples. They also have a free breakfast buffet in the a.m. but it was a bit chaotic. They do let you take breakfast items up to your room in to-go containers... so that is what we did to avoid the chaos. There is a Trader Joes 3 or so blocks away in case you'd like to stock your kitchenette with healthy stuff. We will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 14 2009 	Excellent location amenities	I stayed at this hotel for four nights while visiting friends and site seeing. The location is perfect - very close to the El and within walking distance of all the downtown sites. The suite was comfortable and well appointed. The wifi didn't work in the room, but I was able to use it in the lobby. I appreciated the breakfast. A light dinner is offered Mon - Thursday, but I didn't take advantage of it. The staff were friendly and helpful. Best of all, I had the most wonderful views of the city skyline from my 19th floor room. All in all, a very good experience.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great location. Great hotel. We will return.	Great location in the heart of downtown. Spacious rooms. Full kitchern. Wonderful breakfast and evening meals. Awesome staff. We will return here when we visit Chicago again.	
Oct 9 2009 	In The Center Of It All	This hotel was very beautiful. I went with a group of 4 friends and we had a blast. It was very centrally located and was close to all sorts of transportation. The Continental breakfast was magnificent! I didn't see much of the staff but all of the men at the front door were extremely helpful.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent hotel for family in a terrific location! Great Value!!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel in July with our two small children for our summer vacation. I am a fan of Hilton hotels but had never stayed at a Homewood Suites, it is now our favorite chain. The large room gave us plenty of space but privacy at the same time. Having a kitchen was convenient but between the warm breakfast every morning and complimentary dinner we hardly used it. The hotel staff was great, there was a mix of guests, both those on business and families with children but the hotel was perfect for both groups. This hotel is in a great location and is just a few blocks away from the Double Decker tour bus stop. Next time we go back to Chicago we'll be sure to stay there!	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent stay	This was our second visit to Homewood stes. downtown Chicago. Clean and newish suites with all you can want plus! Very competent desk staff and friendly employees all around (bear in mind this is a very large city &amp; in some places &quot;friendly&quot; is a relative term).Good included breakfast. And LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION--living 90 miles north of Chicago, we try to get there 1 to 2 times a year for leisure for the past 15 years or so. I've stayed in many places there. For a family with teens there is no place better.	
Oct 8 2009 	Location Location	Nice facility that was perfectly centered for our various activities.Perfect for those who want to park their car and use their feet while visiting Chicago. The staff was very obliging and our only complaint was that they seemed to be overwhelmed by the weekend crowd at the complimentary breakfast,which was quite good by the way.All said, we enjoyed our stay very much	
Oct 6 2009 	Exceptional Service!	I am a corporate travel consultant and book this hotel often for my clients. My family and I stayed over Labor Day weekend and I now know why it is so popular with my clients!! The hotel is in a great location and the staff is OUTSTANDING. I was very impressed with everyone from the front desk to the server's at breakfast. Everyone was extremely friendly and always willing to help. The complimentary breakfast is a great value when traveling with a family. My teenager's loved the freedom to go to breakfast or bring it back to the room.	
Oct 3 2009 	Great Value	Just back from a business trip. The Homewood is in a great location just off the Magnificent Mile, includes a great breakfast, heavy hors d'ouevres for dinner with beer and all for a pre-paid rate of $129. Without a doubt the best value in Chicago for a long, long time.	
Oct 1 2009 	Rough start but overall a nice stay	A little bit of confusion at first but things settled down and all in all a good place to hang your hat.Checked in at 4:00 PM, don’t expect an earlier time. I requested an upper floor and was given the 10th of a 19 story building where you check in on the 6th? I just got comfortable in my room and a couple walked in on me. They complained I’m in their room? I called the front desk and they had me checked out rather then in? Well the couple did eventually vacate, after all, I was completely unpacked while they were still wheeling their luggage around.I left for the House of Blues and got back late that same evening. The keys did not work to my room? Went to the front desk and they disabled my keys in the confusion of whether I’ve checked in or out. I recommend using the swing latch on your door, because if it isn’t for strangers surprising you or housekeeping letting themselves in 5 seconds after knocking you might be caught with your pants down.Now for the good stuff! Excellent free breakfast and light dinner. The location is great; you are only a block away from the EL Red Line that took me to Wrigley Field, museums, the bean and Chinatown without transferring. The rooms are spacious and the full kitchen (less oven) came in handy, as did the grocery store only a few blocks away.Service was friendly and attentive.My front end experience was an isolated case and should not reflect on the big picture so I give it good marks and would come back again.	
Sep 30 2009 	Perfect location not so clean	First I would say the location is just perfect. You are close to all major attractions, walking distance from everything.Breakfast is great, warm, plenty of it, I have only positive things to say about it.The rooms are huge, there are two tv's, kitchens, etc. The bathroom and vanity areas are so big as well.The bed sheets had holes in them, the carpet had not been properly vacuumed, the shower had a long, dark hair in it that was not mine. Decor: I loved the black and white Chicago photos on the walls, those were outstanding.The bedspread was this 70's, ugly, pinkish/salmon color and it did not look very fresh or clean.The curtains were in this awful striped color.The air conditioning worked great, there were enough towels and toiletries and a hair dryer. There was also an iron and ironing board which was good.The Staff was very friendly, the elevators took forever to arrive. You enter through the first floor and you check in on the 6th floor.The business center has a nice view, is very well-equipped and will print your boarding pass in color. I liked it! You also get free internet access.There is a gift shop open 24/7 that is stocked with food and drinks so that is good as well.The walls are super, super thin and you can hear all that is going on in the other rooms. The freezer part of the refrigerator is pretty noisy.All in all, I was looking for more luxurious accommodations so the hotel did not impress me. But if you are just looking for a place to put your suitcase down and then be out all day, then this is the place.	
Sep 27 2009 	Sweet Home Chicago!	My husband and I came to Chicago to reacquaint ourselves with this fabulous and vibrant city. We chose the Homewood Suites because of its location, my Hilton Honors membership, and the reviews here on Tripadvisor. We were not disappointed! The staff was friendly. Jonah, John and Starr were tremendous, and I felt I knew them because of the reviews here. They did everything to make our stay comfortable. They valet parking staff was efficient and friendly, and I wish I could recall all their names.We had a wonderful suite with a great view. There was plenty of space. Having a full kitchen was a plus, and we stocked up twice on healthy foods at Trader's Joe's just two blocks away. We also enjoyed the complimentary dinner our first night, and breakfast every day. The breakfast is very filling and is just what you need for a long day of walking, shopping and sightseeing. The elevators were speedy. The hotel was clean. The maid service (the only name I recall is Norma, which was the name on the cart) was top notch! They even aired out the room for us.Everyone was friendly, including the other guests. There was a lot of friendly chatter in the elevators.Here's what makes this hotel such a gem: It is unpretentious and down-home, like Chicago itself, but still attractive with more than a dash of style. People feel comfortable here. And the people who stay here run the gamut of types: Business people, couples, families.The location is excellent: The area is full of shops and restaurants to suit all tastes and budgets. We shopped at Nordstroms, Water Tower Place, up and down North Michigan and loved the Apple store there.One more word about the location: It is relatively safe, and teems with life from early morning until after midnight. Chicago is a very friendly city, and everyone who works in a frontline job must have taken a guest relations course. Somebody is doing something right here!By the way, nothing wrong with the parking fee here. It was actually less than we expected. You're in a city, for heaven's sake.We will certainly return to the Hilton Homewood Suites on Grand Avenue. The sooner, the better!	
Sep 25 2009 	Fantastic Stay!	My fiance and I stayed at the Homewood Suites for 6 nights this September. We thoroughly enjoyed our experience there. The location is superb! We walked practically everywhere: State street, the mile, Hancock tower, the bean and museums. The restaurants in the area are also great, and there is plenty of variety.I enjoyed having a kitchen and full refrigerator for heating up leftovers and cooking a few meals. The room was fairly spacious for a downtown Chicago hotel. I thought the valet parking was extremely overpriced ($43 a night), and most parking garages in the area are about the same price. Oh well, that's what you get for being in the city. We had a couple of friends stay with us one night and they had their car parked in the valet lot as well. They paid for their one day of parking, only to discover that they had been charged the entire hotel bill two days later. When I spoke with the front desk about this mix up they were not too friendly about my confrontation. I spent a half and hour with them trying to resolve the issue, which should have only taken a few minutes. Overall the experience was good, and I would plan to stay there again when I visit Chicago.	
Sep 25 2009 	Outstanding Service!	Homewood Suites is a great bargain by its nature. Big rooms, kitchens, bedrooms. A great deal for the price. One might expect that service would suffer to in proportion to the value. Absolutely not the case here. Star pre-registered us and she was funny, charming and very helpful. Upon actual check-in later in the day, Lorena made us feel right at home, she was sweet, knowledgeable and a real professional. Toni was especially helpful in getting us into a very busy restaurant near the hotel - they knew her there and treated us like VIP's. A real treat after a long day of sightseeing. Making sure the entire machine keeps running is Manager Jennifer Kerr. She is nice, funny, and very ,very hands-on in assuring tha ther guest are as happy and aswell taken care of as possible. We give it an A+ and will definitely be back.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great location extremely friendly service.	Perfect location in downtown Chicago. Walking distance to all major sites. Very friendly and helpful staff. Decent complementary breakfast. Clean, spacious rooms.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great Location	PROS - Great location, complimentary breakfast &amp; light dinner, free internetCONS - expensive parking, rooms are dated, not so fresh smellThe hotel staff is very helpful and plentiful. The location is very convenient to shopping, dining, and entertainment. The on-site fitness center is OK, but the CRUNCH fitness center is just downstairs and part of your hotel stay. Crunch fitness is full facility with classes, lots of cardio &amp; weight equipment.The first night was problematic because the toilet &amp; kitchen faucet keep running and the freezer did not make ice. I called the front desk about the running toilet and faucet and the maintenance person could not fix everything the first day. The next day after attending the conference I returned to my room to find all my things gone. At this point I was concerned and went to the front desk and was told all my belongings had been moved to another room, last night was comp'd, and please have a free beer from the Suite Store for my troubles.The breakfast rotates every other day but there is scrambled eggs every day accompanied by either bacon or sausage, hash browns and various cold cereals and fruit. The manager's reception is different everynight but familiar with deli meats, Italian cuisine, hot dogs, and substantial salads. There is also free beer &amp; wine served at the Manager's reception. Definitely more than chips &amp; pretzels.In summary, the things that were important to me (good breakfast, workout facilities,location, free internet) were available and done consistently well. I would stay here again.	
Sep 20 2009 	Wonderful Anniversary Celebration	First time in Chicago to celebrate our 19th wedding anniversary. Homewood Suites and the staff made it a perfect trip. The staff were very helpful and friendly. Thanks Jennifer and John for giving us a wonderful stay. The room was roomy and very nice. The breakfast was an added bonus. They had a lot of choices to please any palate. Good job Homewood.	
Sep 19 2009 	Another Great Stay	Another trip to the Windy City, this time in the late summer, proved to be wonderful again. I have stayed at Homewood Suites several times before and this time had friends/co-workers along for the trip. The hotel staff and services, as usual, were great. I've heard guests commenting on the slowness of the elevators, especially around check-out time, but that has never been that big of an issue with me. (Just wait for the next one!) The comp. breakfasts are filling and a great way to start you off on a day of sight-seeing or conferences. You cant beat the location!! The hotel is literally sandwiched between Nordstroms and Bloomingdales! The Weber Grill is a block away as well as many great restaurants on Rush. There is even a Trader Vic's Market 1.5 blocks away if you just want to fill up the kitchen in your room and eat in. I've always recommended this hotel to friend traveling to Chicago for the first time or for return trips. The employees are friendly and very helpful, they'll provide suggestions and even get you tickets for shows or clubs on a moments notice. I will be back again. Love the city, love Homewood Suites.	
Sep 17 2009 	Lifesaver!	My wife and I enjoyed our mini-moon stay at Homewood Suites. It helped tide us over until our honeymoon to Australia in November. Here are a couple things I'd like to highlight.Customer service - Everyone was friendly and helpful. The front desk gave us a map of the city and pointed out nearby attractions and the supermarket around the corner. On the day of our departure, I realized I had left my wedding band in the room. As we were heading to the airport on the train, we called the front desk to search for the ring. They found the ring and mailed the ring overnight to our address. I would have been dead without the great service. I'd also like to mention that the prompt service, whether providing additional towels or wine glasses and a bottle opener.Other things we liked about the hotel: free breakfast, full size fridge for storing leftovers, one block from the red line, comfortable king bed, and free wireless internet.The pool and fitness center were a bit small with lots of kids around, but at least it was on the top floor of the hotel.Overall, I thought it was a great deal at the price. We were able to spend less on the hotel and more on food.Tim	
Sep 15 2009 	Great in house staff . . . But . . .	This review has two parts. . .I advise reading both. Chapter One: The actual hotel and staff I found the in house staff to be very friendly and accommodating. The room was nice and clean as well. I have no disagreement with any of the other reviews regarding the hotel room or the staff. This is a great location where you can walk three blocks to to the South to reach the riverfront, or a few blocks to reach the water tower to the North. Very easy (one block) walk from the subway (Red line). The morning complimentary breakfast is substantial. Not just muffins and coffee. You can have a complete breakfast here if you want. And, even the breakfast servers were really nice and efficient. I would recommend this hotel IF based solely on the physical location, the room, and the staff. Chapter Two: The nightmare I booked this room through central reservations in July for a mid-September arrival. The rate was quoted to me as $159 per night for four nights. When the confirmation was emailed to me, it was incorrect by over $300. I immediately called the hotel. They said they made the correction and emailed a new confirmation with the correct amount. I did receive the corrected confirmation email. . .All done? NO. One week later, my credit card statement arrives with the old higher amount having been charged. I called the hotel and was transferred to central reservations to resolve. When I explained the error, I was literally called a liar by the person in reservations, and told &quot;That's not my problem. I can't help you&quot;. . . and then told that I have to pay the higher amount. Excuse ME? Now, I go back to calling the hotel manager to get some assistance. After a few left messages, I get the general manager to call me back, and discuss the issue. After taking down all of the names of people I spoke with, he assures me that he will credit the account immediately. I even get a call from someone in his accounting dept to confirm my credit card etc. . . One week later, still no credit. So, I call the general manager again. Oh, this might take up to 72 hours to process, I am told. So, please give it another week. Another week passes, still no credit. So another call to the manager. I am told now that the credit HAS been processed, and he even sends me an email confirming our &quot;agreement&quot; for the credit, just to appease me. Another week passes. Still, not seeing that credit that was &quot;definitely processed&quot; a week ago. Yet another call to the general manager on the day before I am to leave on my trip to Chicago. I told him I will be arriving, and at this point, I want to see him personally, and he can physically use my credit card to process the credit while I am there. Remember, we are now talking SIX WEEKS and this is still not resolved. I arrive at the hotel, and to make a long story short, the general manager was NEVER available to see me, nor did he make any attempts to schedule any time to see or talk with me. The only person I spoke face to face with, was the assistant general manager. He was completely unconcerned with my situation, and made the completely inappropriate statement to me of &quot;you realize this boils down to a matter of 'he said she said'&quot;. . . WHAT???? Today, my trip is over, and I have flown back home. I STILL HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE CREDIT TO MY ACCOUNT!!! I will absolutely be reporting all of this to Hilton Corporate Customer Service, and will absolutely be disputing the entire amount at this point. Take this little adventure into consideration when dealing with this hotel.	
Sep 12 2009 	Nice Surprise in Perfect Location	My sons and I just sort of happened upon this great hotel. It was a wonderful experience. The suite was great because I am tall and need a king bed, no other kind of configuration works for me. All of the staff members were incredibly nice. I felt like I was among friends. The views from this hotel are just amazing (skyscraper views). The bigger-than-I-expected pool on the top floor is in a room that has even more amazing views of the city. Super, super, super downtown location - central to everything.We loved the included breakfast, and the staff were so helpful and a joy to talk to. If you're looking for high-glam and superstars, you probably won't find it here. However, everything was better than nice. This is a great, boutique hotel that won't break the bank like so many other downtown hotels - and, you get breakfast to boot. Yea !	
Sep 12 2009 	Great stay loved this hotel	Stayed for 5 nights on the 19th floor great view and spacious room with kitchen facilities.Free breakfast every day and dinner Monday to Thursday the great thing was they provided take away boxes so you could take the food back to your room. Location is very good. Staff are very polite and very helpful would definately stay again	
Sep 12 2009 	highly recommended	we stayed here in january when it was -20. but even then we enjoyed it so much we could not wait to get back. chicago is a great town to visit and the homewood suites is the place to stay, period.now we stayed from the 9/5/2009 to 9/5/2009 and enjoyed every day. (p.s. the weather was in the high 70s). to get back to the hotel, it was fantastic, it has everything you need and its write in the heart of the city. two seperate rooms were very handy as we had our teenage son. full kitchen, (laundry on 7th floor) seveal foodmarkets within walking distance, everything within walking distance. you wont need a car and at $42 for valet parking you wont want one. dont take my word for it , check it out you wont be disappointed. oh and did i mention free breakfast and dinner . job done. its a no brainerbook now. p.s. theres also a beach within walking distance	
Sep 12 2009 	Chicago with a 13 month old	We had a one bedroom suite which was very nice with our toddler. I had requested a crib and had even called the day before our arrival to confirm the crib and ask if it was a portable or a full size so we could bring the approriate sheets. I was informed it was a full size crib. It was a pack n play. Its not that the pack n play was bad, it was clean and put together, but it was not the full size crib I was expecting. The living room was roomy for a hotel suite, however, the bedroom was too small for our pack n play so it went in the living room. Not a big deal but something for you to consider. The Homewood suites is in a great location. We went to the Navy Pier on day and walked there and took the free trolley back. The walk took about 15-20 min with our stroller in tow and the free trolley back was nice but be prepared to wait. The first trolley came and it was full before we got up to the door so we had to wait 20 min for the next one. We drove to Shedd and it was about a 20 min drive but make sure to ask directions. We tried to follow a map and since we didn't know for sure where we were going it was hard for us to get to the roads we needed due to construction and one way streets. Since it was only a blcok and half from michigan ave we walked up and down for shopping. All in all, I liked the location and the staff was friendly. We needed a few things brought to us and they brought them promptly. I was a little concerned when we were right across the hall from the elevators but I heard nothing so the rooms were quiet. My only two complaints were the pack n play and the shower needed to be wiped down again. It just looked like housekeeping was maybe in a hurry.	
Sep 11 2009 	Professional friendly attentive staff	The only thing I would add to the many benefits that recommend this hotel, is that we experienced an inconvenience on our first day that is likely beyond the control of the hotel. John at the front desk immediately moved us a different room where we were very satisfied. When you stay here, ask for John if you are not completely satisfied. He will make you happy.	
Sep 9 2009 	Fabulous hotel!	Our first stay at a Homewood Suites, we had no real idea what to expect. We were in Chicago for a few days for 'couple time'. This hotel fit our budget so we jumped in. We were so pleased with it! The lobby staff (luggage, parking attendants) we so friendly and helpful, yet professional at the same time. The Front Desk is on the 6th floor. Again...same great attitude. Our room was large, immaculate and more than we could have hoped for for the price paid. We had a kitchen area, living room area and seperate bedroom with vanity area and then the bathroom. Any thing we could have wanted was provided, any question answered completely. The location was in the heart of the city, which was perfect. I suppose the only con about the whole thing was parking was expensive. We valet parked for $45.00 a day. But then again, even though we checked out, they kept our car for the rest of the afternoon with out any additional charges! The managers buffet in the evening was enough for dinner as we used it one night. There was free beer and wine...and the wine wasn't that bad! Breakfast was well served, plentiful and delicious. Thanks to this hotel, our 'couple time' was great!	
Sep 7 2009 	Good location OK rooms	My husband and I stayed here for a week in August/Sept 09.The good points: The location is excellent, close to the Magnificent Mile, the Grand Ave El, lots of restaurants and shops. The rooms are fairly spacious and we got an excellent room rate. The staff were friendly and helpful. The kitchen is fully equipped with a full sized fridge with ice maker.The bad points: The breakfast room had an awful smell about it. The food at breakfast was very average, and they ran out of some things every morning. There was always a massive queue to get a table at breakfast, and there were endless screaming kids about. The room was very dated, and needed to be revamped. The bathroom was small and a bit grubby, and the shower didn't have a lot of pressure. The sheets didn't fit the bed properly and every night they came off the sides of the bed so we ended up partially sleeping directly on the mattress. The bedding also felt very cheap, with what felt like nylon sheets. The lift was slow. The windows in our room were so dirty, you couldn't see out for the smears all over them.If you are looing for a cheap place to stay in the middle of things, this is the place. If you are looking for a sophisticated hotel, this is not the place to stay. There are plenty of other nicers places to stay.	
Sep 6 2009 	Fantastic Hotel - Great Staff Location - All the comforts of home.	We recently stayed here on a family trip to Chicago. My husband and I were traveling with our 10 month-old son and 3 year-old son. From the moment of our arrival our experience was completely positive. The valets were very helpful with unloading the kids and luggage from the car. The staff at the front desk was fantastic. They had a crib delivered to our room within 20 minutes of our arrival. The complimentary dinner the first night was great. After traveling all afternoon, it was nice that we didn't have to try and make arrangments for dinner. The staff in &quot;the lodge&quot; where dinner and breakfast were served was very friendly and attentive, as well. It was nice that they had carry-out containers available to take dinner and breakfast back to the room if you don't want to eat in the dining room. Throughout our stay, all of the staff were friendly and helpful. The room was great. It was like having an apartment, and gave us plenty of room for the kids to spread out with their toys and play. It was nice to have the kitchen, especially for preparing bottles, and for having dinner in the room which was generally carry-out from area restaurants. The hotel has a room service arrangement with P.F. Chang's, and is within walking distance of a lot of nice restaurants. Great location for walking to area attractions - the Magnificent Mile, Navy Pier. We are already planning to retun next summer, and will recommend the Homewood Suites to our family and friends.	
Aug 30 2009 	Homewood made son's Wedding weekend smooth and stress free	The staff at this Homewood Suites made a wedding weekend trip for my family stress free and smooth. We had 6 suites reserved at the prepay rate of $129.00 each for the weekend of August 28-30.  The front desk was happy to give wedding goodie and snack bags, which I made up at home, to each member of our group as they checked in. When we detected a faint cigarette smell in our room when we first arrived, the front desk was prompt in moving us to a different room. They even gave us the largest suite avaiable on our floor, so that we would have a larger gathering place for our entire party of 13 people. Then, Rose, at the front desk, asked if we would like to have our whole party on the same floor. This was great since some were elderly and there were children, also. Some of the many extras the staff helped us with: bringing extra chairs to our suite, fetching items for the wedding from our valet-parked cars, rounding up mini-van taxis for our large group twice, bringing us extra towels and ice within minutes of calling for them. The hotel was sold out for the weekend, so the breakfast room was crowded and they had an overflow room opened, but they never ran low on food. On Saturday, they had a broken water pipe in the kitchen, so there was no hot food, but they were sincerely apologetic.  There was a wait for an elevator at busy times, but we never waited more than a few minutes.  They could have given a little more thought to which families got which size rooms. A couple using a crib were given one of the smallest rooms on the floor, which made it very tight in the room, while our single, senior citizen great-grandma got a corner unit with windows on 2 sides and a very large, uncrowded living area.  We were close to everything we needed at this location.	
Aug 22 2009 	Good place in dowtown Chicago	The place is in a great location very close to Mag Mile. The rooms are decent, although the bathroom could use some updating. The suites are spacious and clean. The elevator is annoyingly slow but you have to take the good with the bad. The breakfast each morning had a good selection even though it gets pretty crowded. I would stay here again.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great except when you leave!	Recommend everything about , except when i got home, started get tons of sales calls on my CELL PHONe from Hilton Honors and they were annoying, pushy and non stop. For this reason, I would never stay at a hilton hotel again! Google...you will see thousands of similar complaints against them. SOOOOO frustrating	
Aug 20 2009	Wonderful city to explore!	We spent 4 nights at the Homewood Suites in downtown Chicago during the second week of July and had a great time.The double decker bus tour of the city gives a thorough overview of the city and allows you to get off at any one of the 14 stops. It was a beautiful day and we sat on top outside.Be sure to take the 90 minute Architectural Boat Cruise which explains the history of the downtown buildings along the Chicago River.We were impressed with Giordano's deep dish Chicago pizza which was worth the one hour wait. The Melting Pot fondue restaurant was also a new experience trying 3 difference types of fondues. Bistro 101 downtown was excellent food for lunch.The Shedd Aquarium and the Adler Planetarium are gems worth seeing. Take a cab from downtown to avoid the traffic. We booked tickets from our hotel to see the evening performance of Shanghai Cirque at Navy Pier which was excellent. The Wednesday night fireworks at 9:30 pm are spectacular.The Magnificent Mile had great selection in stores for shopping especially Niketown.Overall, had a wonderful holiday. The downtown was very clean and people were friendly. Hope to visit Chicago again.	
Aug 18 2009 	Highly Recommend !!	Perfect location, clean and courteous staff all added up to a great stay. Its in an area with plenty of stores ( The Mile) and restaurants. Hotel lobby is on the 6th floor and the elevator to get there was annoyingly slow but overall I would highly recommend this place regardless if your there with a family, friends or on business. The subway to Wrigley is a 1/2 block away from the front door.	
Aug 17 2009 	5 Star service at this Great Homewood Suites Downtown!	We stayed here for the fourth time from July 26 to Aug.3 and had a wonderful time (as ususual!). We did encounter a few problems but they were dealt with quickly and joyfully. This suite hotel is fab, but it's the people that work there that make this the BEST hotel in Chicago. Kudos to these wonderful people...John, the assist. General Manager, who took a personal interest in our stay,and the problems we encountered. John, went beyond the call of duty. When my room key wouldn't work for the 3rd time, he PERSONALLY escorted me to my room...NOW THAT'S SERVICE! Thanks for all that you did John, I will always remember your kindness and understanding:DJonah, one of the best bell men ever always had a smile and kind word, he really did make me feel like I was coming &quot;home&quot; after a long day of shoppping/sightseeing. We shared more than a few restaurant reviews...thanks!The wonderful ladies who manned the front desk...always friendly and helpful! No request was ever too big to be accomodated.Connie that worked in the lodge...a smile every morning! along with that free breakfast!. I had gotten a touch of food poisoning one night and told Connie about the experience...she offered to get me some ginger ale to settle my stomache! Connie was working here that last time we were at the Suites in '07...and she remembered us! Suggestion to all visitors: leave these hard working people a cash tip! Yes the breakfast and manager's reception is free, but the people that seat ya and clean up after you are in the service industry and deserve a tip for their service...I know that they even appreciate a dollar or 2! It's not a lot when you consider how much that meal for the family would cost in a restaurant....free wine &amp; beer...enough said!I just can't say enough good things about this place! They really do stand behind their 100% Satisfaction guarantee.Don't know when we'll be back in Chicago but do know that this is the ONLY hotel we would ever consider staying at. Great location. great facility, great food and drink and most of all, the best group of people you'd every want to meet! Thanks for another wonderful holiday...	
Aug 15 2009 	Perfect location	The Homewood Suites were a perfect central spot for exploring all the Chicago highlights. We were close by to shopping, the theatre, and plenty of good restaurants. Trader Joe's was just around the corner so we picked up some bottled water, wine and fruit on the first day. The free trolley was a great option to get to attractions and tours near the Pier. The only thing I would not recommend around the hotel is the ESPN Zone bar/restaurant.The free daily breakfast was convenient and had plenty of options. The free wireless in rooms and business center were also nice. Our room was very large, but could have used some updating. We would not hesitate to stay here again on a future trip.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great place to stay convenient to many attractions	We arrived too early to check in, but staff secured our luggage and we started discovering Chicago and came back at 4pm and had no problem checking in. Room was lovely, complete with stove top,dishwasher, full sized refrigerator, coffee maker, microwave. Would be great for families to cut down on dining out expenses. The full breakfast everyday was wonderful and yes you had to wait for a table, but that cut down on the confusion of everyone wanting to find a table at one time. The lady that worked 2 of the 3 days we were there was very friendly. The breakfast had a huge selection and was very satisfying to get fueled up for a day of walking and site seeing. Everyone at the hotel was very helpful. Three ladies getting away for a girls weekend had trouble getting the cork out of our wine bottle and the valet attendant was oh so nice in getting the cork removed for us! Kind of embarrassing to admit that :). Anyway would definately stay again at this hotel. Everyone was very friendly and helpful with any and all questions asked.	
Aug 13 2009 	Great location average rooms poor staff 	Stayed for a week last month. Can't beat the location - close to the Magnificent Mile, Attractions, Tours, Great Restaurants &amp; Night Life. Have spent a lot of nights in other Homewood suites hotels and other suite hotels. Thought the room was ok, not great. Overpriced in my opinion.Found staff to be uninterested and not very helpful. Had to wait in the lobby on the 6th floor for room to be ready and the front desk staff could care less. Watched during the week as other guests were made to wait as well.Breakfast was the same stuff day after day. As the week went on, they actually started to run out of the more popular food items and these were not replenished (weekly delivery I guess). Also, the room was was so busy that the staff made people wait for a table and treated you as you were waiting for a 5 star restaurant.Travel for work (sales) and frequently stay in hotels. Travel with family every year and also stay in hotels. This is roughing it for me...not a camper. Would come to Chicago again, but would not stay here. There are too many other options worth investigating.	
Aug 9 2009 	food odors!!	The lobby of the Homewood is right down the hall from the kitchen and dining room(actually more of a grade school cafeteria type set up). The odors from the kitchen were disgusting, and indeed reminded my of that of a institutional kitchen(I.e. hospital). The free breakfast and free dinner were not at all palatable. I suppose that if you are traveling with a young family as many guests were, that makes this hotel a good value. But i would not stay here again.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great Hotel. Would Stay Again!	Homewood Suites, Downtown, was great. Toni, checked us in, and she was great. She gave us a room on the 17th floor because my son want to see the skyline at night. They serve breakfast everyday, and it was delicious. Plus, its Free. The staff in the dining room were exceptionally pleasant and helpful. We never ate dinner at the hotel, but one night my husband brought me carrot cake and it was great. The hotel is within walking distance to Grant Park. We would definitely stay here again, and I hope we can go back soon.	
Jul 29 2009	Terrific Service 	Forty members of our family attended a four day/night 90th birthday week and party for our Mother (Grandmother, Great Grandmother, Sister, Aunt, etc.) and it couldn't have been better. All staff were more than helpful and courteous and friendly. In addition to full kitchens, a full hot breakfast and dinner each day we were able to keep expenses down for everyone. Our hotel contact, Alec Schraegle, worked with us over a year's planning and not only met but exceeded our expectations. Our family has stayed at this hotel for several years and have always been delighted with our choice. Highly Recommended.	
Jul 27 2009 	Good place to stay	Pretty much ditto with everything everyone else has said. I will add one comment that I think family's with small children need to be aware of. I was sitting on the floor with my 2yr old watching the scenery from our room and noticed that there are handles about 2 1/2 ft above the floor. I turned the handles and the window opened up from the top inward. My wife kinda freaked thinking how dangerous it was. There was actually a sign above it to warn guests. Of course my little girl wanted to open it again, and I told her not to and didn't have any more issues. We were on the 17th floor. Not a huge issue, but definitely something to be aware of if you stay here.	
Jul 26 2009 	great value for the location	You can be in the heart of downtown Chicago, with a suite and continental breakfast for a little over a hundred dollars. I was completely satisfied.	
Jul 23 2009 	Awesome! Great Location friendly service! Huge rooms	Been to Chicago about 5 times so far... &amp; by far the Homewood Suites was our favorite hotel we have stayed. It's only a block away from the subway/ L . The breakfast was great! Pretty busy. We didn't take advantage of the Happy hour, but I am sure it was great as well. We had a great view from our Room as well. This hotel has a perfect location. very close to Mag Mile &amp; centrally located in downtown Chicago. The rooms were very clean. full kitchen w / utensiles as well. we couldnt believe we had a full fridge too. Worked well w left over food (deep dish !) and for any drinks as well. Can't say enough about this hotel! We will stay here again. Highly recommended ! Free wi-fi was very nice. also had a (free) full access business center w printers.	
Jul 22 2009 	Another fantastic stay	Stayed, for the second time, the last week in June and till 4th July. We stayed here the same time last year and had such a great time we decided to return - which can sometimes be a disappointment, but we needn't have worried. It was great. The one bed suite (2 x doubles and a large sofa bed) was large, clean and comfortable (and brilliantly appointed). We found the hotel to be comfy, the staff (door, reception, housekeeping and dining room) are the nicest we've come across in a hotel, the place was quiet (husband a very fussy / light sleeper, and even he was happy). This was the first stop on our USA trip and the little coin laundry was a huge bonus (everything washed and dried, in 2 hours,for $3). Jewel Osco supermarket &amp; California Pizza Kitchen, both just round the corner, kept us going for conveniant, cost effective meals and snacks and the nearby Binny's Beer Depot kept my husband very happily in beer! Chicago is a wonderful, vibrant city and we will return - and when we do, we will definately stay at the Homewood Suites	
Jul 21 2009 	Another great stay	This is my 4th time at this hotel, and once again it was a great stay. This time I brought some family members who had their own room. The staff is friendly and never seemed stressed even though the hotel was filled to capacity the night we were there. Breakfast is crowded on the weekends, but having to wait for the host to seat you is a nice touch - no one takes your table and it seems more like a restaurant. This time we had a huge room, but it was very oddly shaped. Get a corner room if you can, they are small, but have 2 windows in the living area. The location is perfect, right across the street from Nordstrom and Shops at Northbridge. The fitness room is small, but does the trick. The only downside is that there is a pool, but no hot tub. There are plenty of restaurants within a block or two. It's not the fanciest place in town, but it is certainly the best hotel for the price ($99 pre-paid). I'll be back again next time I'm in town.	
Jul 14 2009 	Hidden Gem	We had a great experience from the moment we pulled up in front of the hotel. The valet/bellhops are so friendly. Check-in was a breeze. We had a one bedroom suite with a pull-out sofa. The kitchen was well equipped. Breakfast was great - everything you could think of and they changed it up each day. The hotel was packed but they did a great job of getting people in and out. We never waited more than 5 minutes to get a table. The pool was clean and warm and our kids spent a lot of time in it. The hotel is in a great location - central to the miracle mile and navy pier. If you are going to be there for a few days, get the bus pass - it's worth it. We used the bus a lot. Everytime we had to go somewhere and didn't want to talk, we just went to the front desk and the girls would tell us exactly which buses to take. We will definately stay here again.	
Jul 13 2009 	Home away from home	My wife and I stayed here for over two weeks in January. I have never felt so cold outside and so warm inside. The staff went out of their way to assist us since we were staying so long. The rooms are good size and the complimentary breakfast and evening reception were an added bonus. Get there early because it fills up fast.The beds are not great, but I have slept on worse. Also, having a kitchen came in handy. The location is within walking distance of many good restaurants and the Magnificent Mile for shopping. We plan to go back next year.	
Jul 12 2009 	Central to everything!	The Homewood Suites Chicago was a new find for us on our annual siblings reunion weekend. The hotel was running a weekend rate special in May, and it looked nice in photos, so we took a chance. The hotel is in the River North section, and parking is expensive - $34-42 a day, depending on whether you choose garage or valet service. But, the location is worth it, it's a block from the Loop train (underground at State and Grand). And, you can walk everywhere in Chicago from this hotel, which is nice on a wonderful summer weekend.The suite is arranged with a kitcen, dining table for 2, a sleeper sofa and chair is one room, and a king size bed and the bath in the other room. The bathroom sink is separate from the toilet and shower, which is convenient. The kitchen has a dishwasher, serveware, coffee maker and toaster, plus a microwave and a 2 burner stove. And it has granite countertops, a nice touch. This hotel is thrilling all of the little ones, and fitness freaks. The 19th floor has a very nice pool,, 4 feet deep and long enough to do some laps. I have never seen so many well-behaved children under constant parental supervision in a hotel before, which I loved (thanks to parents who understand it's important to watch your kids at all times). There are lots of towels and tables and chairs for parents to relax, looking out over the city to the west. The fitness center has nice free weights, heavy balls and treadmills. If you prefer, there is a complimentaty pass to the health club Crunch next door.The full breakfast is a full breakfast - sausage and biscuits, corned beef, bacon, scrambled eggs, pastries, french toast, cereals, yogurt and cottage cheese, fresh fruit, toasted breads, coffee, tea, juices. They serve the breakfast in a dining hall that is crowded at peak times, so you can pack a box from the breakfast buffet and take it back to your room. No dinky cups, either...everything is full sized, and they keep replenishing the buffet until closing time. Outside the hotel, Nordstroms across the street has great sales, and you can walk inside through a mall to get to Michigan Avenue 2 blocks to the east - convenient on a rainy day. Restaurants in the area offer every kind of food. We tried Shaw's Crab House and Rockit and were very pleased. Be sure to try Ina's on W. Randolph for breakfast, too.Also not to miss in the area are Millennium Park - what a fun place for kids - and the beaches along Lake Michigan. We tried a street fair to the north and had a nice walk after having lunch there. Last but not least, the wireless access to the internet. It's free, and there's a router in each room above the kitchen cabinets. We had to reboot the router each time we signed on - unplug the power for a few seconds, then reconnect it. It worked each time we tried that.	
Jul 3 2009 	Great location!	This was the first of two hotels we stayed at during the week during NPE Week. Overall, the three day stay was very good. Room was large, very clean, bed very comfortable, free internet, clean kitchen and kids enjoyed the pool and breakfast was a huge convenience. Dinners are provided in the evening during the week even though we didn't take advantage of this. Staff response upon arrival and check in was luke warm, but so were we after an 8 hour drive. We tried to switch our room from a default king reservation to a double, but the front desk wasn't too responsive about our request. They offered a roll a way bed, but we used the sofa bed for the kids instead. I would have preferred they rectify the situation, but I let it slide. Workout room is very nice, but it was 80+ degrees. They also offer a free pass to Crunch Gym next door. Great location! 24 hour business center was a great feature too! I was able to use the facility to print discount tickets to an attraction. Loved this!	
Jun 29 2009 	Will stay again!!!!!!!!!	Great staff, location, rooms and breakfast!!!!!We stayed w/ our 15 yr old daughter and our 7 yr old son and had plenty of room in our 1bedroom suite. We arrived 2 hours early and we were able to check in at no additional charge. Every staff member was so helpfull. The ladies at the front desk were always giving us great directions!We can't wait to go back to Chicago and this is the ONLY place we will stay.Martinez family (st louis)	
Jun 22 2009 	Just another YES vote	Not much to add to what others have already stated - it's a terrific hotel. The rooms are immaculate and large, the location is outstanding, it has gorgeous views of nearby architectural marvels, it's walking distance from the Art Institute, which for my money is the best museum in the USA. It's also less than a block from the subway, right on top of worldclass shopping and dining, and a 10-minute walk from the fabulous House of Blues music venue.On top of it all, it's quiet as a churchyard so you sleep like a baby in the awesome padded mattresses, there's great water pressure, and no worries buying a snack - even in the middle of the night, as there's a vending area in the lobby. The ventilation is excellent - we were neither too hot nor too cold. The room darkening shades were 100% with no rips or other gaps for light to blaze through in the morning. (I'm a super light sleeper and quiet/dark/ventilation are all important issues for me - Homewood passed with flying colors.)Also! Free wi-fi, which is often the reason Hilton steals me away from my other loyalty program at Sheraton - who wants to be nickel and dimed?The ONLY reason I'm not giving this place five stars is I think $42 is too much for valet parking and the rooms themselves are expensive, at $189 for a king suite - this is before taxes. Also, one of the elevators was broken during our stay and even though we could use the service elevator, there was a 10-minute wait sometimes to get downstairs.Still, the service was excellent and combined with the other pluses of this property, we'll be back for 100% certain.	
Jun 16 2009 	Great hotel great location great staff!	I stayed in a king-bedded suite for 3 nights mid May and have nothing but praise for this place. The room was extremely clean and had all the comforts of home. The staff were very welcoming and helpful. I was concerned at first about getting a shabby room as has been my experience with a couple of other Homewoods, but they have completed their remodel, so there's probably not a bad room in the place. The location is safe and perfect for anything you’d want to do in the downtown area. I’ll definitely stay here on my next trip to Chicago.	
Jun 13 2009 	Wonderful Hotel Right in the Thick of Things	We just got back from staying at this hotel and we had a great time. The suite was really nice and it was fun to look out the window and see all the high rises. It was a wonderful location - there was so much you could walk to! We walked to the river and took a cruise and we walked to Harry Caray's for dinner. There was also a red metro right by there and we went to a game at Wrigley Field. It only took about 20 minutes to reach Wrigley. I would stay here again next time I go to Chicago.	
Jun 11 2009 	outstanding	We stayed at the Homewood suites in Chicago for a quick family trip. I cannot praise it highly enough ! The room was clean with contemporary decor. We stayed in a King Suite, which had plenty of room. We arrived before check in time. However, they checked our bags and parked our car allowing us to explore the City until we could check in. When we did check in, they brought our bags to our room within minutes. Everyone was so nice and helpful..from the valets to the bellmen to the front desk. Breakfast was complimentary and was more than adequate for our family to start our day. Sure it was not the $20 a head buffet at the Hilton, but nobody walked away hungry. The pool had a spectacular view of the city at night. The hotel is conveniently located to everything the city has to offer. The Valets are quick to hail a cab for you or provide information to get you anywhere you need to go. The best part of the service was that when we accidentally left our car key at the valet station when we left ( I thought they gave it to my husband and he thought they gave it to me...my husband used his key to start the car) we called the hotel the next day when we discovered it and they promptly fed-Exed the key back to our house,,,it arrived home before we did !!! The Homewood Suites is going to be our choice in downtown chicago with that kind of service ! ALso the price was right,too. We paid $139.00 for a King Suite. Yes the valet parking at $42.00 is a bit steep, but this is downtown chicago. YOu could use one of the many self parks in the area and save about $10-$15 bucks and carry your luggage about 2-3 blocks to the hotel...but the convenience of the valet was well worth the extra money.	
May 28 2009 	I'll try to stay here every time.	For the same price as nearby hotels, I got a 2-room suite. Bedroom with king bed, bathroom with toilet and shower separated by a door from the sink and closet. Also a big kitchen/living room and desk. Free wireless didn't work in my room but did work in the lobby. Staff was VERY helpful and offered to have me move rooms but the wired internet worked so I stayed in my original room and it worked great. Kitchen had everything you would need for an extended stay. Great location by restaurants, shopping and bars. FULL breakfast is free in the morning, as well as FULL dinner every evening. I'm going to try to stay here every possible time I visit Chicago.	
May 24 2009 	Homewood Suites is affordable centrally located and offers great service.	When making my reservation, I made it for one of the most busiest weekends during the summer Memorial Day. The staff was able to get my family in at an affordable rate. The suites are very spacious, clean, cozy, and comfortable. Upon on arriving staff were friendly, willing to exceed expectations, and serve me with enthusiasm. The Hot Breakfast was delicious each morning. The beds are very comfortable and provided a good nights rest. I would recommend this hotel to my friends and anyone who need additional space when traveling and on a budget compared to other Chicago hotels.	
May 24 2009 	Reliable friendly comfortable and great location.	My son and I just returned from a 3 day visit to Chicago to visit colleges. We chose the Homewood Suites because of the reviews on this site and also because we had a previous very pleasant stay at the Homewood Suites in Princeton, NJ. The Chicago Homewood Suites is a great place. Most importantly, every employee we encountered was pleasant, helpful and knowledgeble in regards to any questions we had about transportation, restaurants, hotel amenities, etc. (Jonah, a doorman, was especially thoughtful). Our room was spotless and quiet with internet access, plenty of space. The breakfast is excellent and is included in the very reasonable prices. The location is perfect for walking to the big &quot;sights of the city&quot; and also for accessing public transportation. Overall, this quality hotel is a great value and we will definitely be checking out the Homewood Suites in other cities when we travel. GC from Palm Beach County, FL	
May 24 2009 	Great location is what makes this hotel shine	Nice hotel. Friendly staff. Decent price for the room is you book early. The hotel's location is great, which I think is the major attraction here. Plenty of restaurants all around: Weber Grill Restaurant, OYSY (sushi), Joe's, Flemings (steak), a few blocks down on Rush is Giordano's. Nordstrom's is right across the street. Michigan avenue is a block or two east. The Red line for the El is just around the corner. The hotel itself isn't what I'd call 'incredible' (a few nicks and dings on the wall, some wallpaper starting to peel in the corner) but it's clean, the staff is friendly and accommodating, the &quot;Welcome Home&quot; is nice (M-F 5 pm - 7 pm), the free breakfast is great because it runs late enough for late sleepers and its a hot breakfast - not just cereal, fruit, and toast. Free WiFi in the rooms. Only negative here is the $42 valet parking. Plenty of parking garages around the hotel but they run roughly the same cost for overnight parking. I recommend this hotel, and if I visit Chicago again, I'm staying here.	
May 23 2009 	Great Time	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Homewood Suites Downtown. The breakfast is good. It has eggs , sausage, biscuits, cereal etc. Then the managers reception was wine or beer, but they also had food that if you are on a budget could double as a meal. The rooms were good sized. It had a livingroom, kitchenette, and nice sized bedroom. I had a corner room that had a window in the living room and another in the bedroom. The kitchenette had a full sized refrigerator, stove/oven, microwave and a diswasher. The weight room is located on the 19th floor and what a view of Chicago. The windows are ceiling to floor and are an awesome sight while excercising. The had treadmills (2), eliptical and a bike. Additionally they had a good variety of freeweights. Great restaurants are located withing two blocks or less (ESPN Zone, The Weber Grill, Rock Bottom to name a few). Additionally the Miracle Mile is only about two nblocks away as well.The thing that really endeared me to the hotel were the friendliness of the workers. It's apparent that a lot of people are returning customers because the workers were calling them by name and they'd see them again next week etc.	
May 20 2009 	Loved it	I stayed here while attending a conference at the Marriott across the street. This was cheaper and more comfortable. As other reviewers have noted, this is a gem of a hotel. It's a true suite, with living room, full kitchen, and bedroom. The living room has a sofabed, sitting chair, coffee table and 32&quot; LCD TV. There is a small dining table/desk next to the kitchen. The kitchen has microwave, two burner oven, dishwasher, coffee maker, fridge. Also plates, pots/pans and silverware. The room was clean and comfortable with no obvious signs of wear. The king size bed was also comfy, though not as high end as you would find in a nicer hotel. There is a regular tube TV in the bedroom. The free buffet breakfast had scrambled eggs, meats, cereal, make your own waffles, etc. There is also a dinner with a different menu Mon-Thurs but I did not have that. There is a gym inhouse, but you can use the Crunch gym next door (same building) that is much bigger and has everything. The entrance is not much to look at; just an elevator to the sixth floor where reception is. But the bellman was friendly and the reception desk was efficient and very friendly. It does cost a lot to park here (I think $42/night so don't bring a car). There is a small store next to reception, open 24/7. Free wired and wireless internet in the room. Only minor complaint is that the walls are somewhat thin so if the neighbor raises his voice I can hear it. Also, I can hear water running next door. But all in all I would definitely stay here again. It's much more comfortable and better value than the big hotels nearby.	
May 16 2009 	best feeling	Just a really nice place, great service, big rooms, excellent value, everyone seemed to be having a good time , loved the buffet meals,	
May 15 2009 	Absoulte Gem!	What a great hotel! We stayed here for a week and had a wonderful time. The room was homely with an enormous bed, just the ticket after a days sight seeing. There was a buffet breakfast and dinner included in the price and with free access to a gym and pool, this hotel is incredible value. The staff were really friendly and only too willing to recommend good places to eat and drink. Homewoods was just a few minutes walk of the Mag Mile which makes this hotel a great base when visiting Chicago. I would definately stay here again in the future!	
May 7 2009 	A Great Place To Stay	Our Amtrak train was very late and Amtrak put us up in the Homewood Suites for the nite. A very nice hotel and the staff were super nice. The suites had a dishwasher, fridge and a nice flat screen tv. A great view from our floor as well. An unexpected hotel stay but one that we will remember for a long time to come. And the free breakfast was super as well.	
Apr 24 2009 	Super location with great facilities	My husband and I stayed here to celebrate a wedding anniversary and found these suites a fantastic place to stay. The location couldn't be better - a stone's throw from the magnificent mile and loads of restaurants. The facilities in the hotel are great - there's plenty of variety available for breakfast and they make it easy for people to bring food back to their suites for later (handy if you want to go to the gym / pool first and might not be back in time for breakfast). We popped down for the complementary food / drink one of the evenings also and there was a lovely atmosphere in the dining area with some groups just enjoying a few drinks, others full dinners etc; we were very surprised it was free! The pool was grand though the changing room was small. The gym was small too but that shouldn't bother too many people as you've free access to Crunch Fitness anyway. We heading down each morning and had the pool and gym to ourselves. The pool gets very busy after breakfast though with lots of kids and parents enjoying themselves. There are lovely views over the city there too. The free wifi was handy too. The staff were very friendly and happy to help out when we needed anything. There are no real negatives apart from the fact that the decor was a bit dowdy looking on our floor but in fairness, they are in the process of doing up some of the rooms at the moment anyway.	
Apr 20 2009 	Great Family Hotel and Super Location!	My kids, ages 10 and 7, are still raving about the hotel. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful! We stayed Thursday-Sunday, and enjoyed complimentary breakfasts (which offered many selections, not just continental). We also had a complimentary dinner on Thursday, which included burgers, fries, coleslaw, soda, beer and wine. The location was great. A free trolley just outside the front door, took us to Navy Pier. I would highly recommend this hotel for families. We would absolutely stay here again!	
Apr 20 2009 	Homewood Suites Chicago is a great place to stay!	What a great hotel. I stayed with some friends and family in middle April for my bachelor party. The location of the hotel is great with multiple restaraunts nearby and only 1/2 a block to the red line train. The included breakfast in the morning is great and free wifi is also included! Everyone at the hotel is extremely friendly and you cannot beat the rates. I will definately stay at this hotel again in the future and would recommend it to anyone.	
Apr 17 2009 	Great place if you are taking the kids.	This is such a great hotel if you are taking a family vacation. We went on a Wed. - Sat. so we got to enjoy not only the breakfast buffet, but also the afternoon buffet. Our children are 8 and 6. They loved the ravioli and the hot dogs and the fountain drinks. My husband was ecstatic to find beer on tap. (Note that this is only offered Mon. - Thur.) The location is wonderful. We walked to the American Girl Doll store and also Garrets Popcorn which we highly recommend. Staff was always pleasant and helpful. The pool was great as it was only 4'6&quot; in the deep end so we were able to let the kids swim while we sat and watched. The rooms are clean and spacious but I would never call them romantic or extravent. We had a king bed and the kids slept on the sofa sleeper in the main room. Perfect. If returning on a couples weekend, I'd try for a different style hotel but this was an awesome family vacation. The kids had a blast. Directly across the street is a mall with a Legos store.( didn't find it until the last night or the kids would have dragged us there everyday.) Also near the ESPN Zone restaurant and game room. The boys went nuts. Again, would return Homewood Suites on next vacation with the children.	
Apr 7 2009	Great place for a family trip	My husband, mother, sister-in-law, and I visited this hotel for a weekend trip to Chicago. Checkin was easy. I don't use credit cards, and wanted to check in with my check card. I was able to pay the hotel stay in full at checkin, so I didn't have a hold placed on my ard for incindentals- NICE!The hotel is situated about two blocks away from the Magnificent Mile. We had a room on the top floor, with a great view of the city. When walking into the room, we noticed that the entire far wall of the hotel room consisted of windows, so the view was breathtaking. The kitchen was by the door, then a desk/workstation, and then the living room with a sleeper sofa and flat-screen tv. The bedroom was to the left, and had two double beds. High speed internet was free, and the business center (free) was nice too for printing out our flight boarding passes. Bathroom was in the actual bedroom, and the sink/vanity was outside the bathroom. The water pressure in the shower was great, and the neutrogena toiletries provided were nice. The only things I wish were different were the poor venthilation in the bathroom, and the pretty thin mattress on the pullout sofa. If you're planning to sleep on it, please bring a mattress pad. The pool area seemed nice- we never swam in the pool since children always seemed to be in there, even late in the evening. The exercise room was small but nice- again, one whole wall consisted of windows, so you have a great view while working out. Complimentary breakfast is great. Please get there early if you are here on the weekends. The wait will be about 5-10 minutes otherwise. Eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes, cereals, bagels, yogurt, and fresh fruit are always served. One day we had french toast, another we had biscuits. The coffee and fruit juices are great. The staff is wonderful. We had one on the staff members give us tips on great places to eat in the area, and he actually pulled out a map and showed us where each restaurant was. He spoke with us for about 10 minutes about what to see and where to eat, I thought that was so nice. Overall, if you are planning a trip with family members and want a great place to stay, I strongly recommend you consider this hotel. If you are looking for a romantic place for just the two of you, you may want to stay elsewhere.	
Mar 27 2009 	Made our experience in Chicago wonderful!	The front desk staff, bellman and valet staff were wonderful! They totally made us feel welcome and at home. The rooms were better than expected! Our children enjoyed the pool and the view was astounding! We really enjoyed being in the &quot;middle of it!&quot; It was within walking distance of Rainforest Cafe, Ed Debevics, Hard Rock Cafe &amp; Water Tower Place. We were constantly asking staff questions and they always went above and beyond with their answers. The complimentary breakfast was delicious! This is probably the most welcome we have ever felt at a hotel and will definately be back!	
Mar 23 2009 	Great choice with kids	We stayed here for 4 nights recently and had a fantastic trip. The hotel's location is the biggest plus--so close to so many amazing restaurants and lots of great shopping. The free breakfast and supper were a huge hit with our 3 kids, although it was quite busy, especially at breakfast time. However, there was always lots of food being replenished. The pool was a big hit with our kids, and they didn't complain at all about the temperature. Staff was helpful and friendly, the rooms were very clean and spacious. The kitchenette with full fridge, microwave, dishwasher etc. was great! Parking is expensive, but so are all the chicago hotels downtown.We will definitely go back here.	
Mar 1 2009 	Great Hotel Location and Value	Weekend trip to celebrate our anniversary. Location was great with a wide selection of restaurants nearby. Another plus is that Trader Joe's was within two blocks. With a full size fridge, it was easy to shop and keep items cold. Suite was very clean and well appointed. Fridge with icemaker, dishwasher, microwave, 2 burner stove, Only reason for the 4 rating was one elevator was temporarily our of service on Sunday.Great room rate of $99. - but $42/day for parking.	
Feb 24 2009 	A great hotel in a great location	We were so happy we followed the advice of other TripAdvisor reviewers and booked this hotel. The location is perfect, and everyone that worked there was so nice, so helpful, and seemed genuinely happy doing their jobs. The room was very nice, and extremely clean. My only complaint was that the walls were a bit thin-or the children across the hall from us were a bit loud. Maybe a combination of both? Also, the hotel website noted 2 flat screen TVs in each suite, which we didn't have, there were 2 TVs, but only 1 was flat screen. The breakfast was wonderful-can't say how much we liked that, and the location was near everything.	
Feb 16 2009 	Chicago's best kept secret	Hotel was in a great location. Suites were awsome, Staff very friendly and helpful, and Complimentary Breakfast hit the spot. Kev from Michigan	
Jan 31 2009 	Awesome location. Very good value.	I stayed at this Hotel for 1 night. We just wanted to stay in downtown Chicago. This hotel is right next to John Hancock building. Walking distance to many shopping, restaurant, and everything else. From valet people to front desk people, they were all very friendly and helpful. The best thing about this hotel (other than the awesome location) is that all rooms are suites. You can choose 1 king or 2 double which will be inside the room and you get another sofa bed in the living room area. You get 2 TVs also. The roof top pool over looking Michigan lake was lovely also.	
Jan 28 2009 	It's all in the details...	I travel a lot for business and have stayed in every type of hotel from luxury boutiques to chains... and I have yet to ever find such a great mix of service and ammenities as I have consistently seen here at the Homewood. As everyone mentions, this place is in a fantastic location. Anything you could want to do or see is either within walking distance or by nearby public transportation. But what really sets this place apart is in the details. The people that work here do their jobs well- but with the added detail of actually enjoying it. Everyone was so helpful but most importantly - sincere. The suites are fantastic with the added details of soft linens (I have never in my life felt such a soft towel) and thoughtful ammenities. The free food at breakfast and cocktail hour is a great value add with the added detail of take away containers for those that want to eat in their rooms. Everything about this place is perfect. Also - it is great for families - my daughter adores swimming in the very nice indoor pool (with an awesome view of the city) and the food and location make it just perfect for fun family time. We ate at Rainforest Cafe and the Melting Pot which are both a few blocks away. We had a total blast. Can't wait for my next visit!	
Jan 28 2009 	Great Deal	Homewood Suites is a grat hotel overall, and the location is perfect. Roomy rooms with full kitchen was perfect. Only complaint I have is that the housekeeping came to our room TWICE in the morning while we were still in the room. Didn't knock, AND we had the &quot;Do not Disturb&quot; sign on our door. I'm not sure what the problem was, but it was really annoying and rude. Overall, the hotel was nice and the breakfast was good. I would recommend it.	
Jan 27 2009 	Excellent hotel	Very nice hotel. Attentive service. Clean, attractive, comfortable. Beds very comfortable. The pool is a little small and pretty cold too. Would have loved a hot tub after being out exploring all day in December. Nice gym next door that you can use. Grocery across the street and also a mall across the street. Short walk to Magnificent Mile and public transportation. The entire stay was great. What I really loved was returning to the hotel at dinner time with our group of seven (four teenagers) and having a hot dinner buffet waiting. I wanted to throw my arms around the staff and thank them. It was healthy, hot, delicious, and oh so convenient. Would definitely stay again. A big thank you!	
Jan 22 2009 	All We Wanted	Free breakfast buffet and free light dinner, great location, capable friendly staff, cheapest rates.	
Jan 11 2009 	A great hotel!	We recently stayed 3 nights at the Homewood Suites in downtown Chicago and wow, were we impressed! This is a great value for a downtown Chicago hotel. The location is wonderful. We walked everywhere from the Magnificent Mile, to the Navy Pier, to Millenium and Grant Park, to the Field Museum of Natural History (that was a pretty good hike though!) The downtown trolley stop is right around the corner, and we also got a cab easily one night. There are tons of restaurants nearby. The original deep dish pizza place, Pizzeria Uno, is on one corner , the ESPN Sports Zone restaurant is on another, and the Weber Grill restaurant around the block, to name a few. There was also a good brewery nearby for drinks. The suite was quite spacious with a full kitchen and a large bathroom. There was a TV in both the sitting area and the bedroom. We were on the 19th floor at the end of the hall and never heard anyone else, so it was quite restful. The building has one of the fastest elevators I've ever ridden on! There is a heated pool (no hot tub!) and small fitness room on the 19th floor, and guests can also use a fitness club that is next door. We went to the fitness club one of the days we were there and enjoyed the expanded equipment they had. Our room had complimentary wireless, and we had no problems with the internet connection. The complimentary breakfast was typical of the hot breakfast buffets with eggs, meat, waffles, fruit, etc., but I thought there were a few touches that made it above the standard. The fruit was all fresh, including fresh pineapple, and there were real dishes and silverware, not plastic. There were two attendants who kept everything stocked and cleared our tables. The dining area was large and comfortable. We were there for one night of the Manager's Special (weeknights, 5 - 7pm) and were shocked at how much food was served. It was really enough for a meal, not the light snacks we expected. We noticed several people doing carryouts to eat in their room, which was easy to do with the full kitchen and refrigerator. We had friendly and polite service from everyone we encountered the entire time, from the valets, to the front desk, to the dining area attendants, and cleaning staff. It seemed like there were just a lot of special touches, like bowls of snacks sitting out when we checked in (tired and hungry) and the complimentary daily newspaper. We got the suite for $119, which was an amazing value for downtown Chicago and the amenities it had. The only downside that others have commented on is the parking costs ($38). However, it was pretty comparable to the costs for parking at other downtown hotels, and it was nice to know that our car was safe in a covered lot. Overall, this was a great hotel experience and good value, and I would highly recommend it to anyone, especially families who need more space and can cut food costs with the complimentary breakfast and Manager's Special.	
Jan 10 2009 	Good Value	I really enjoyed every interaction with the staff at the Homewood but unfortunately the room that we stayed in was in urgent need of an update. We arrived extremely early and were allowed to book in. Star from the front desk called us after we have arrived in the room and asked if everything was okay. At this point it was. Went to the dining room and 30mins prior to it closing, there was nothing to be found and the coffee had run out with people standing, sitting everywhere. Perhaps Homewood would consider extending their breakfast hours so the congestion would diminish. Asked the bellman if there was a place to eat breakfast and he recommended Mary's cafe. This is a quick 2 block walk and we enjoyed our breakfast. Later that evening, we noticed that the mirrored closet door was broken, there were stains on the ceiling from former leaks and the tv in the bedroom had such bad reception, we could only watch 2 channels. I'm sure if I had asked to be moved it would have been no problem but we were only staying for 2 nights so did not bother. The Homewood is located very close to Michigan Ave and is surrounded by wonderful restaurants. It is a great choice for a first time visitor to Chicago.	
Jan 8 2009 	All the comforts of home!	I just visited the Homewood Suites in downtown Chicago with my family. I can't say enough good things about our stay! Our room was beautilful and we had an amazing view. The staff was so kind and helpful. The location could not be beat, we were close to everything and right across from Nordstrom! With two free meals during the week the hotel was an excellent value. The breakfast is served daily and offers many options. I have family in the area and I will stay at this hotel again and again!	
Jan 8 2009 	Nice hotel - Great location	This hotel more than met our expectations. It is in a nice spot just a couple blocks east of Michigan Avenue. We have two young children (3 years and 4 months) and the hotel quickly sent up a pack and play for a crib. The room was set up as a suite with a nice sized living area. The living area has a couch that folds out to a bed which had clean sheets already there and bedding in the closet. The living are also had a small refrigerator and sink. There was a nice sized bathroom and and a smaller but nice separate bedroom.Checking the Tripadvisor.com review on this hotel we saw poor remarks about the staff. I had the opposite experience. The staff was helpful, friendly, and prompt. They went the extra mile for us even though I booked our room through priceline. This is what I would expect from a Hilton.	
Jan 2 2009	Only $99!	Had to find a hotel at the last minute due to a change of plan and found this for only $99 (plus tax) on the hotels website. Great location, loads of space in the suite and good free breakfast. Only downside was the breakfast area was very full and ended up perched on one of the stools along the wall. Could have taken the breakfast back to my room though.For the price it was a steal. Clean, friendly staff and great location.	
Jan 2 2009 	Good Stay for this Downtown Hotel	This hotel is located very nicely in the heart of Chicago downtown.Located one block east of Michigan Ave.There are actually 4 Hilton Properties within 3 blocks of this hotel(Conrad, Embassy Suites &amp; Hilton Garden Inn)Upon getting to the hotel we were met by the Bellman who assured once we got checked in that our bags would be brought to our room.We were able to check in early (10AM) On New Years Eve and were originally given a room on the 19th floor.However, upon getting to the 19th floor we tried getting into the room and the key wouldn't work.We went back to the front desk and found out that someone was in this room still. (Oops.)Then we were given a room on the 18th floor (Room 1811) Nice 1 bedroom suite with a full kitchen (which would be useful when the family was here or if staying for long periods of time)Room was comfortable and all was in working order.Internet access was a little slow at times, but all in all very comfortable.The hotel is located one block from Michigan Ave, 5 blocks from the Navy Pier and across the street from Shops at Northbridge.If you want to see famous people and sports figures (I would suggest Joes Stone Crab. (Located right on the corner of the hotel)We saw the Coach of the Bulls, Rex Grossman, Brian Urlachers, Jonathan Toews &amp; Coach of the Bears there during our New Year's Dinner.Oprah and Barbara Striesand had been there two nights previous.The hotel is located one short block from the (Grand Red Line Subway)An enjoyable experience and would return again.	
Jan 1 2009 	Great Hotel	This is the first time we have visited Chicago but have stayed at Hampton Inns in Florida. The Hampton Inn in Chicage was fully booked so had to stay at Homewood Suites but we were glad that we did as it was a great location, lovely suite with all the amenities and room to stretch out. Breakfast was a plus, you needed to get there before 0830 or there was a queue although you didn't have to wait long. Rooms were clean, very comfortable &amp; staff were pleasant and helpful and there were lots of eating places close by to suit all tastes and pockets. All in all a reasonable priced hotel that I could thoroughly recommend.	
Dec 31 2008 	Hidden Gem in Downtown Chicago	Free breakfast buffet, free dinner (Mon-Thurs), indoor heated pool, huge suites with full kitchens and separate bedrooms, one block from Michigan Avenue, across the street from Nordstrom's and a block from Bloomingdales, helpful, friendly, can-do-anything-you-ask-for service...what more could a family of four from Louisville, KY want?? We loved it and will definitely return on our next trip to Chicago. Also loved that tripadvisor did all the work for me! No research required.	
Dec 31 2008 	Loved Homewood Suites	Excellent stay at Homewood Suites. The hotel is clean, room was a nice size, bed very comfortable, location is the best, walking distance to everything. Free breakfast every morning which was a nice plus. Definitely would stay there again.	
Dec 30 2008 	Homewood Suites Chicago - Affordable Comfortable Great Location	This hotel in downtown Chicago one block from Michigan Ave was perfect for our 2 night stay (King bed suite). The location was excellent for Navy Pier and surrounding attractions. We managed to get a 30% discount when booking so that helped with the $38/day charge for parking. The staff were all friendly. The complimentary breakfast (continental &amp; hot) was great and we really appreciated the to go boxes to take food back to the room instead of waiting for tables in the dining area. The K bed was comfortable in the main bedroom and our children slept well on the sofa in the lounge area (both with TVs). Also had a full kitchen, nice to have if you want to cook (incl. full fridge, microwave, dishwasher, cutlery and crockery). The bathroom was basic but clean. Would definitely recommend for families or anyone wanting a great location, clean rooms and services.	
Dec 29 2008 	Great value in downtown Chicago	Nice, clean hotel. Bed was comfortable. Nice flat screen TV in living room. 1 BR suite we reserved had a full kitchen. We didn't use it but it seemed to be just the thing for a longer stay. Right across the street is the Shops at Northbridge and Michigan Ave is one block to the east. This hotel is pretty close to everything including restaurants, shopping and night life. Valet parking was smooth. Hotel staff were friendly and accomodating. It was a very comfortable place to stay and I would recommed it to anyone, especially those on a budget who want to stay someplace nice.	
Dec 22 2008 	The best choice in Chicago	It was my first visit in Chicago for business purpose, I stayed at this wonderful place for about four mos. It's been the best stay in my life in this kind of hotel. All the people are courteous and very very approchable. I very nice room, good food and it's near in almost all of the nicest spots in Chicago.I will never forget my stay in Chicago, i've been in other countries but this is my unforgettable stay.Thank you Homewood.	
Dec 17 2008 	Fabulous Service - the Breakfast Staff is supurb !	I used to stay at the Homewood Suites all the time on business but have not stayed there on business since 2005 - since that time my company has been doing business in the suburbs instead of downtown. During December of 2007 and this year 2008 I did stay there a few days with my family and was greeted as if I never left.There is a lady named Connie who works the breakfast shift and she greets everyone and always remembers you from years before. A wonderful lady indeed - my wife even commented to me on the way to Chicago if that lady would still be there and would still remember and yes she does!Its a great place to stay.	
Dec 15 2008 	Hidden treasure in Downtown Chicago	I had searched several websites for a downtown hotel as we wanted to do some shopping prior to attending the musical &quot;Wicked&quot;. I was a little apprehensive about choosing the Homewood, but had a friend tell me I would be pleasantly surpised. I booked two King Suite rooms, one for myself and daughter, the other for a friend and her son. The rooms were very comfortable. The concierge, desk clerk, housekeeping were more than accomodating and welcoming. They appear to make every effort for your stay to be as perfect as possible. The hotel was very quiet in the hallways, even though it was busy. The free buffet breakfast was delicious and was more than expected. If you are looking for a centrally located hotel near Michigan Ave. and would like the best deal for the price, this hotel is it. It does not have the magnificient views of motels directly on Michigan Ave. but it truly is a hidden gem. I will choose this hotel for future use when staying downtown.	
Dec 15 2008 	Not bad...	The location is excellent, next to Northbridge Mall and a block from Michigan Avenue. Room was a little cramped and there are only two elevators in the hotel so waiting is par for the course. Breakfast was pretty good in terms of selection. Only valet parking is available at the hotel. A half block north is self parking garage which is cheaper than valet. The hotel did not have the correct gift cards for our reservation but the manager appropriately resolved the issue to our satisfaction. Bathrooms showed a little wear. Overall, good choice for its location. Just don't expect the Ritz.	
Nov 30 2008 	Good Value for near Mich Ave	We stayed here Thanksgiving night since we were joining family at Lawry's two blocks away for Thanksgiving dinner. We booked using Hilton points and called ahead for early check in. Arrived about 1:30 and the room was ready; there was free pink lemonade and snack mix in the lobby along with hot drinks. The front staff was very friendly and efficient. The lemoade was gone in the evening but there was a small store behind reception where you could but drinks, snacks, and souvenirs.Our room was on the 15th floor facing south with a great view of the downtown buildings including the beautiful new 90 story Trump Tower and the back of the Wrigley Building. We're long time Chicago area dwellers so it was nice to see the new addition to the skyline, especialy at night.The living room of the suite had a small kitchenette with a table and two chairs, a sofa bed, and an easy chair. The kitchen was simply but adequately stocked for cooking/dining ; the sofa bed felt &quot;springy&quot; but our 20 year old son seemed to sleep fine. The living room had a flat panel TV; the bedroom an older CRT. The entire suite had interesting art of Chicago architecture.The bedroom was a little small (you had to close the dresser drawer to get around the end of the bed) but nicely decorated and the bed was very comfortable. There was a single sink across from the closet and the toilet/bath in a separate room. It would have been nice to be able to get to the bathroom directly from the living room but they did fit a lot into a small space.The breakfast buffet the next morning was crowded and we had to wait 10 minutes for a table, but the food was good. The waffle maker had the longest line so that held up the meal. Everything else was being constantly refilled. Overall it was a step up from Hampton but not as good as Embassy Suites. Oddly enough we could smell the 6th floor buffet in the hall on the 15th floor.We picked this hotel because of its rating, and the proximity to Lawry's, Michigan Avenue, and the Loop. The location was perfect; we strolled N Mich Ave a for an hour after checking in, walked the two blocks to Lawry's (GREAT Thanksgiving meal), and the next morning walked to see the &lt;Macy's&gt; windows in the Loop (nothing like the old Marshall Field windows).	
Nov 26 2008 	Perfect for toddlers lots of comps great location!	Great place for kids! First, this place was a great value. We booked the park n play package, which included parking ($38) for $139 so it was basically $100 a night for a one bedroom suite. Especially given the location (right in the middle of downtown with great access to all the attractions) we thought this was an amazing deal. The room isn't huge, but was large enough for our family of four (1 and 3 year old) and it's always nice to have a separate room to put the kids!The other great perk to the stay was the free breakfast and dinner on weekdays. We thought the meals would be simple snack type fare, but it turned out to be full meals! The convenience of rolling out of bed and getting a hot breakfast downstairs was great. I figure we saved about twice the cost of the hotel just in food.As others have mentioned, the location is perfect. We took the free trolley right outside the hotel to Navy Pier to visit the Children's Museum. We also had less than a five minute ride to the Field Museum, Shedd Aquarium, and Adler Planetarium. We didn't make it to Millenium Park, but that was close by as well. The shopping was also great. The Nordstrom's/Mall is directly across the street and Michigan ave is less than one block away.One tip, there's a Jewel Osco less than a block away, great for stocking up on milk and other perishables for the full size fridge. All in all, highly recommended and we will absolutely be back!	
Nov 25 2008 	Nice Hotel Hidden in the Heart of the City	Very nice hotel with suite rooms. The staff was very friendly - even on a very busy Saturday stay. My family and I stayed for the night of the Festival of Lights on Michigan Avenue. The Michigan Avenue area (a block away) was extremely crowded as expected for the holiday parade. However, the hotel never felt crowded. The pool was clean, heated, an average size for a city hotel. The breakfast was very good. The service was excellent. We would consider staying at the property again for a weekend escape.	
Nov 23 2008 	Homewood Suites Great Place to Stay	The Homewood Suites by Hilton was very clean, we stayed in a non-smoking King Suite which was roomy for my husband and me. The buffet served was good, service very helpful. We stayed a whole week and were very comfortable with the accommodations. We loved the free use of the gym Crunch right next door and took full advantage. The location of the hotel is also very good. All in all, it was a really pleasant trip for us both.	
Nov 9 2008	The best value hotel in Chicago and a great stay	This was a wonderful stay. The staff was extremely helpful , The rooms are especially large, and the fact they have a small kitchen makes everything a lot more easy. The breakfast and supper were excellent. They go out of their way to make you feel comfortable - for instance, they have take-away plates you can take up to your room. the business center, gym and pool also make this my first choice next time in Chicago.	
Nov 8 2008 	You cannot ask for more	I stayed her for three nights while at a conference at the McCormick Place and took taxi's back and forth. This is one great place to stay in downtown Chicago. A great full breakfast each morning and a nice dinner with wine and beer each night are included in your rate. My room was clean and well kept with a great LCD TV in the living area and another TV in the bedroom. Free WIFI in the room is what all hotels should be offering these days. The shower and bathroom were clean and new looking.Location is fabulous, right across the street from Nordstrom’s and many other shops. While I did not rent a car and took a shuttle bus from the airport I did notice that parking was over $30.00 a day so I would not recommend a car. There is little need for a car in downtown Chicago anyway.The staff was friendly and helpful. I would recommend this hotel to anyone that is travelling to downtown Chicago.	
Oct 24 2008 	Wonderful Stay at Homewood Suites	Stayed at Homewood Suites for a girl's weekend in downtown Chicago. The location is great--just a block or two from Michigan Avenue with lots of shopping and restaurants. The main entrance of the hotel faces Nordstrom which is located in North Bridge Mall. Lots of great shopping there and the Nordstrom even has a full-service spa. One of the ladies who was with us had a manicure there and was quite pleased with it.You enter the hotel at the Grand Avenue entrance (there is a valet there) and take the elevator to the 6th floor lobby to check in. The valet personnel and staff at the lobby desk were friendly and professional. Parking is a bit steep: $38/night, but you are in the heart of downtown Chicago.....There is a rooftop pool which we didn't have time to use because we were so busy doing other things, but if you have your heart on soaking in a hot tub, this will not be the place for you....Breakfast both mornings we were there was quite ample: scrambled eggs, sausage, french toast, bagels and muffins, juice, coffee, biscuits and gravy--lots of choices and all good. Also loved the hot water/coffee station in the lobby with decaf and regular coffee and lots of teas plus hot chocolate packets to make your own and carry to your room!Make sure you head down to Ghirardelli's Chocolate Store where you can get coffee/hot chocolate drinks, of course their signature chocolate candies and even ice cream sundaes and other dessert treats to die for. We also took a horse and carriage ride (35 minutes) around Lakeshore drive and the general downtown area. It was a bit chilly when we went, but we had our Ghirardelli hot beverages, plus the carriage had blankets to put on our laps. Filene's basement, home of great bargains, is next door to Ghirardelli's as is a Borders Book Store. Ate dinner one night at the Grand Lux Cafe. Very, very good. It's owned by the same company that does The Cheesecake Factory. I had a peach bellini to drink and chicken lettuce wraps which was a large portion and I couldn't even finish....desserts are amazing: try the chocolate molten cake or the warm rustic apple pie. Lots of dessert choices--go on their website and check it out. They don't take reservations, so if you go for dinner, try and get there about 4:30. We had a 15 minute wait on a Saturday night and were glad we got in. During our dinner, the lobby area swelled with people waiting for a table...If you get there later than 5:00 pm, expect to wait at least 45 minutes to an hour. Hotel rooms have a nice kitchen area/dining room table--a bit on the small side, but we were on the 11th floor and had a corner room with nice views of the downtown area. Living area had a sofa that turned into a bed. Two of us shared the king-sized bed, and then we ordered a roll-away for the extra person in our party. Nice flat screen tv in the livingroom.....room wasn't ready when our party arrived and check-in staff gave us a bottle of wine to compensate for the wait. Everything was clean and having a refrigerator and all of the usual kitchen utensils (especially wine glasses!) and stove/microwave came in handy when we wanted to heat something up or store it for the next day in the fridge.I would definitely stay here again--it was a bit pricey--aside from the parking, we paid about $280 for our room, but this was a girl's weekend and was a splurge for us. Next time, I will bring my husband and two teenagers here!	
Sep 27 2008 	Nice Place to Stay with Kids	We stayed at this hotel using Hilton Honors points for four nights in a 15th floor non-smoking king suite. We always like the extra space of a suite when traveling with our two children, ages 8 and 6.Pros: The location of this hotel was great for our travel purposes - it was an easy walk to the Navy Pier, up Mag. Mile, to American Girl Place, to the Hancock building and to Gino's East pizza. There is a Nordstrom right across the street from the hotel. We did take a cab to the Field Museum and Art Institute. The suite was clean, beds comfortable, and the carpeting new. The decor was nice. We had a fantastic view of the Hancock building from our room. We appreciated the large fridge. The breakfast (included with the room) was very good - much better than others we've had at other Homewood Suites. The indoor pool was recently refurbished and sparkling clean. The pool is located on the 19th floor (top floor) of the hotel and the city views are amazing - a unique swimming experience! We had the pool all to ourselves, but it is small and could get crowded... Cons: Housekeeping! Our room was not made up until after 4:00 p.m. each day, and we had to call and ask for housekeeping each day. Very annoying! Our other con for this hotel is that there is just a small single sink/vanity area in the bathroom - we prefer the double sinks at Embassy Suites. It could get a little crowded each morning as we all tried to get ready for the day. Also, there is no hot tub in the pool area - that would have been nice to relax in after all of the walking around we did each day.No hotel is perfect, and despite the cons, we would consider this hotel again for a future Chicago stay.	
Sep 24 2008 	Its the wonderful staff	Great location,good rooms excellent breakfast(really good choice)pleasant lobby area(Free coffee,juice and fruit for guests)and free use of internet in executive suite)but it,s the staff that most impresses.The guys at the entrace,the dining room wait staff ,the cleaners to reception(Jennifer in particular)all made you feel at home with nothing too much trouble for them.If you want a home away from home then this is the place for you.This is customer care as it should be	
Sep 19 2008 	A wonderful stay at a wonderful hotel	My sister and I went to Chicago for a weekend and decided to stay at this hotel because I have a friend who works at Homewood Suites here in Cleveland so we got a discount. The valets were really friendly, you get in and out service when you pay for parking with the hotel. Check-in is on the 6th floor because there are restaurants beneath the hotel at street level. That also made finding the hotel tricky because I expected a groove to pull into and it turned out that I just had to pull over to the right side of the street. The lady at the front desk was friendly and informative. Our room was very clean. The fact that it is an extented stay hotel was nice when it came to bringing home leftovers from restaurants, storing and reheating food. The complimentary breakfast was great! They have real food such as eggs, bacon, french toast, cereal, bagels, juice, milk, and yogurt. The hotel is in walking distance from everything and there is a trolley that goes to Navy Pier and passes by Michigan Avenue. They also have free WiFi. Overall, I would definately stay here again and I would recommend it to others.	
Sep 18 2008 	Good location great city	Stayed here for 4 nights without any problems. Hotel seemed clean and was run efficiently. Check in is actually on the 6th floor, but the staff on the ground floor were very helpful and looked after the guests. There is a decent breakfast on offer each morning, although the room can get a little crowded, and there is a lot of walking back and forward to get your cereal, juice, coffee, etc. In the evenings the &quot;welcome home&quot; food and drink is a nice touch, although the beer is a little watery and the wine, well, no comment. The location is ideal, not far from the Magnificent Mile, the Loop, etc.Chicago is a lovely city, I'd definitely go back. But with so many tourists and conventions, it gets a little busy at times. Book your restaurants in advance!	
Sep 9 2008 	Homewood Suites like home	We have stayed downtown at many wonderful hotels in Chicago. The Homewood Suites is one we will return to. The location and food are wonderful. It is the staff, however, that make you feel really at home. They couldn't have been more comfortable or easier to talk to.	
Sep 9 2008 	Perfect Plus	Our recent stay at the Homewood Suites was just about perfect. The suite was beautiful, quiet and nicely layed out. We were there for the weekend, for a wedding, so we did not use the kitchen but it was nice to have.The full breakfast was just wonderful and very ample. Plus coffee and goodies were available all day long.The location is superb, walk out and you're in the thick of things. Everyone was friendly, helpful and available. It's a hidden gem but not too hidden as it was voted #1 Homewood Suites in America. We loved it.	
Sep 4 2008 	Great Location	I read the review on trip advisor before booking at the Homewood suites. Was very pleased with location, and the room. Location was within walking distance to all attractions, and did not have to take a taxi. Able to walk to navy pier, magnificent mile, theatre district, and milenium park. Booking online saved money, as well as free breakfast and dinners during the week. Allowed more money for shopping!!	
Sep 4 2008 	So many positives but need redecoration	We stayed midweek for 3 nights - 2 Adults &amp; 2 children. It was our second stay in 12 months.What's good - our children enjoyed the pool, large suites with a tv in the bedroom and also the living area which meant we didnt have to watch disney when taking time out. Buffet breakfast is included in the price - we only had to wait one morning for 5 mins for a table. Staff varied from very helpful to business-like with no bad experiences. The location was ideal for us and the free blueline trolley stops beside the hotel. There's two grocery stores located very close and also some great restaurants. What's bad - the rooms need to be redecorated esp replacing the carpets - my feet were dirty after being barefoot for a couple of hours in the suite, we found fingernail clippings when searching for children's toys before checking out and none of us cut our nails during our stay. Otherwise all other surfaces in the suite were perfectly clean. We will go back but only if we cant find an alternative to tick all the boxes in the pros listed above. 12 months ago I would have given Homewood a 4/5 rating but only a 3 this time solely because of the carpets.	
Sep 2 2008 	Ok Stay Customer Service needs work	We recently stayed one night (August 30th) at this hotel. Overall, the room was nice but the customer service needs some work. The hotel is not much more than a 3 star hotel for sure. It COULD be with a better staff. Nobody was extremely helpful and nobody smiled.The only good thing about the hotel is their complimentary breakfast in the morning and the location is pretty nice. There are several dining options right near the hotel. The redline service is right outside the hotel, but it was out of order under contruction. Be ready for a long wait at the elevators! I read reviews about this and they are absolutely true! The hotel is about 19 floors and there were only 2 elevators side by side. It was Labor Day weekend, so the hotel was very busy which I'm sure didn't help.It seemed like a good hotel for families with children because there were LOTS of them. :) We were not one of those, so we might have been happier staying some place a litte bit more expensive.But for one night in the city it was OK. I don't think I would be very excited to go back again though.	
Sep 2 2008 	Nice Stay over Memorial Weekend	Stayed over Memorial Weekend for 2 nites, 2 rooms. Great Hotel, we always love breakfast in morning,and drinks in even when applicable. Around the corner from magnificent Mile,and close to lots of restaurants. Staff was great, we even checked in early before noon,and other room available less than hour later. Fresh fruit was available to us,and bell guys are cool. Suites are on small side compared to other homewoods but no complaints here, house cleaning kept our room clean,and we felt safe!	
Aug 30 2008 	Always love a homewood suite	I love the free breakfast and dinners on weeknights. The hotel is clean and nice rooms The pool needs some updating(but kids don't care) My friend and I took our granddaughters for a grandma grandaughter outing and this hotel was perfect	
Aug 29 2008 	Great location and price for a family!	We selected Homewood Suites after looking over all the hotels and searching for convenience, family friendly &amp; value.This hotel had all 3! Right near the bus &amp; rail stations (even though the rail was out of service due to construction). Loved the breakfast in the morning and wonderful price. Kids loved the pool and it was never too busy.We would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 28 2008 	Loved Homewood Suites by Hilton	This was my first trip to Chicago &amp; I wanted it to be the best it could be. Since I was going to sightsee I didn't want to spend all the extra money on food so I figured homewood suites was the way to go. After reading all the wonderful reviews I was very excited to have the experience. As soon as we pulled up to homewood suites the valet service was there getting our bags and taking our car to the parking garage. The staff was VERY friendly and called up immediatly to see if our room was ready. Since it wasnt they held our bags so we could go see the city. When we got back to the hotel we were checked in quickly and our bags were brought to us. The room was amazing &amp; had an amazing view. The room was AMAZING but I would have to say that Homewood Suites main star quality is their staff. You will not find a better staff. They were so helpful in our planning and directions. Our last night there I wanted to take a carriage ride. We called down to the front desk and within 10 minutes they had a horse and carriage there to pick us up. This hotel has moved up from #4 to #3 since my stay there. In no time this hotel should be the #1 hotel in Chicago. Very afforadable, great location, great staff. I LOVE THIS HOTEL!!!!	
Aug 27 2008 	Great Location	We just spent a week at the Homewood, with two children (3yrs and 4mos). The location is great, literally one block from Magnificent Mile. It is a short 3 block walk to the bridge and only about 15 minute bus ride to Lincoln Park. Since we had a stroller and the stairs up to Mag. Mile were tricky, I recommend going through the Nordstrom across the street or walking to Rush, north 1 block and over. It is very quick. If you are going anywhere on public transportation, note that the Redline is closed at night for construction, this made getting back from US Cellular a bit tricky. The property was great with helpful employees, although they didn't always know the 'best way' to get to some locations, just do your own homework. The rooms were clean, but the carpet and such are probably ready for replacement. The pool is not kid friendly as it does not have a shallow/step area and there is not a hot tub. The breakfast was nice, but did get very crowded around 8:30 and you will need to wait for a table.	
Aug 27 2008	Wonderful Chicao Hotel	This hotel has an excellent location for walking Chicago's downtown, pier, etc.Mon-Thurs. they offered a wonderful early evening free light dining.Our room had a separate bedroom, extremely clean and quiet.The breakfast was outstanding.	
Aug 23 2008 	Great Time Great Location would come back to Homewood Suites	I read all the reviews for this and other hotels and once i made my selection i was very pleased to see that all the reviewers were right on about tis hotel. We stayed 7 nights and we loved it. we have a 3 year old and it was such a nice place for kids. my son saw another boy at the pool and at breakfast {awesome spread} and dinner the 4 nights it was served. made it fun for him. We took the cab from the airport as someone suggested $41 with tip. You could take the blue line to Jackson, then transfer to the red-line and get off at grand $2. station is 1.5 blocks from the hotel and lots of people do it. Not scary to travel downtown at all. DO NOT rent a car if you are only going to be downtown and do the tourist stuff. Get a 3 or 5 day CTA card from the grocery store around the corner, get the city-pass well worth it also. There are free shuttles that run all over, the hotel has maps, but the trains and buses are so easy,and less crowded then the free trolley, they also run later. Get the card, i promise you will be glad you did. Grocery around the corner has everything you need if you want to cook in the room. Great great breakfast you can take to the room if you want, mon-thurs dinner is good. beer and wine are served and there is a soda machine so it saves lots of money. if you order UNO's call ahead 1 hour then go pick up the pizza, eat in the room not worth waiting for one of 12 tables. No complaints at all. I found all the travel advice on this site right on and helpful. I hope this helps you. We will go back there. You can't go wrong and the staff is SUPER!	
Aug 19 2008 	Best kept secret in Chicago	This was our first trip to Chicago and we were a little hesitate about staying downtown. We parked in front of the hotel and the attendants valet parked our car and we went up to the 6th floor to check in. The check-in was quick, we went to our room on the 11th floor and was very pleased to see a really beautiful room with kitchen, table and chairs, a sofa and nice flat screen TV.The bedroom was a separate room with wonderful bedding and many pillows and another large TV. Breakfast was above and beyond for a free meal and then to our surprise they provided a free dinner which was buffet style and offered several choices.The location was very convenience, right out front was the trolley and bus stop but it was only a few blocks to the river, easy walk.For $189.00 this hotel exceeded our expectation's.	
Aug 17 2008 	Convenient location for exploring downtown Chicago	We recently enjoyed a 3 night stay (Thurs. thru Sat.) at this conveniently located property. Our 9th floor suite included a bedroom with king size bed, a sitting room with a sofa bed,and a kitchen. The room was cheerfully decorated and airy. The views outside the the two large windows was good. We were surrounded by skyscrapers-a pretty view at night. The bathroom was of average size; but lacked vanity space. Only one sink and mirror &amp; no extra shelves to put toiletries. This can be less than ideal if the bath will be shared. It would have also been nice to have a few extra washcloths &amp; hand towels-we kept running out. There are an abundance of interesting restaurants and shopping areas nearby (Nordstrom &amp; Bloomingdales), as well as a movie theater. We especially enjoyed the Melting Pot (fondue) &amp; Big Bowl (Asian)restaurants. We were able to walk to our sightseeing boat tour departure point at the Michigan avenue bridge. Also walked to Macy's. We took the free shuttle right outside the hotel to the Navy Pier as it looked like a bit of a walk.(the shuttle can get very crowded on weekends) On the morning of our departure we received very prompt &amp; pleasant service from the bellman who retrieved our luggage &amp; held a taxi for us.	
Aug 12 2008 	Great Experience	My family and I stayed at this hotel during an extended weekend trip in July, 08. We had (3) 1 bedroom suites. Great Location in downtown Chicago. Within walking distance to shopping and most downtown tourist attractions. The service was excellent and the hotel staff was friendly. The breakfast buffet was very good but the eating area can get crowded. I recommend going early. The rooms were quiet and clean. I highly recommend this hotel for families and for travelers staying &gt;2-3 days. We would stay here again.Parking is expensive, about $28/day. It is valet. The cheapest self parking I could find in the area was $24/days so we did valet parking. The valet and bell staff were very helpful and friendly.This is my 3rd experience with Homewood Suites (3 different cities). I have had a great experience each time.	
Aug 11 2008 	Great Stay! Ideal Location and Friendly Staff!	We stayed at the Homewood for two nights on a quick but lovely trip to Chicago. When we arrived, the staff were super friendly and very helpful. We arrived early and our room was not quite ready, but the staff offered to keep our bags for us while we went for lunch. Before we could even catch the elevator downstairs (the reception is on the 6th floor), they called us to tell us our room was ready. Great people and very easy check-in. The room was spotless and bigger than we expected! It was perfect and had everything you would need. The best part about the room was the BED! It was surprisingly the most comfortable bed we've slept in!Great location - very close to Magnificent Mile and not far from the Chicago Theatre. A nice walk to Navy Pier and just steps to the red subway line that takes you to Wrigley.We will definitely stay here again - highly recommended.	
Aug 4 2008 	Excellent value great experience	Just got back from an overnight at Homewood Suites. We live only 90 minutes away from Chicago so have stayed many many times at the hotels right on Michigan Avenue. This time I shopped around a little and found Homewood Suites and holy cow, what a great value and a great place to stay. It was at least $100 less than the hotels I've stayed at on Michigan Avenue plus we had a suite with a full kitchen and bedroom and this also included breakfast and not just a continental breakfast, a full breakfast of bacon and eggs, hash browns, french toast, fresh fruit, juice, rolls, etc. Really, for the price you cannot go wrong. My 25-year-old daughter and I stayed here over the weekend. She travels a lot for business into Chicago and she said she would highly recommend Homewood Suites to her collegues. Our room was very clean, the kitchen utensils were clean (I checked them all out and am very picky) and the bathroom was huge. The staff were very friendly. The hotel is one block off of Michigan Avenue and close to every place you would want to go for shopping, tourist activities, etc. I would suggest you take the trolley or taxi to Navy Pier as it is a pretty long walk. I will be heading into the city next month and will definitely be staying at Homewood Suites.	
Aug 2 2008 	Great hotel. Good location.	This is a nice hotel in an excellent location. Everywhere is easy to get to, Michigan Ave is about 5 mins walk. The Red Line, Grand station about the same.The hotel itself is clean, the rooms are pleasant. We had a suite with a separate bedroom and living area. Our son used the sofa bed in the living area, he said it was comfortable. There were two T.Vs, a kitchen area with fridge/freezer, microwave, dishwasher and two electric rings.The breakfast had a good choice of things, although the room was a little small when the hotel was busy at the weekend, we had to wait for a table. There were containers provided to take breakfast to your though. The breakfast staff are very friendly and polite.There is a dinner with drinks in the evenings, Mon-Thurs. We ate out mostly though, but it seemed popular with people with young children.Only one slight complaint, the lifts are painfully slow, there are only two and at busy times you seem to be waiting a long time. Overall I liked this hotel and I would stay there again.	
Jul 25 2008 	Good Stay Great Location Good Price	We spent 4 nights at the Homewood Suites in early July. We we very satisfied with the Hotel, and would recommend it to others who are looking for a good value, a great, centrally located hotel which is close to all attractions, a clean hotel, and friendly service.-Rooms - We had a 1 Bedroom suite (2 of us) - it was roomy and clean. We paid $145 per night, which we considered to be a very good value -Service - The staff was friendly and accomodating. We could not reserve a non-smoking room on-line (sold-out), but when I called 3 days before my trip, the desk manager had no problem blocking a specific room for us to ensure that we got what we wanted.-Food - Breakfast and dinner were included. Breakfast was your standard Homewood fare - eggs, french toast, sausage, bacon, cereal, bagels, etc. A good way to start the day. We did not eat dinner at the hotel (if you aren't on a strict budget, I cannot see eating at the hotel when Chicago has so many great restaurants), but it was full every night. We did help ourselves to beer and wine, which we brough back to our room for an early evening break.-Location - A fairly quiet street, only 1 block from Mag Mile, and right in between Rush and Wabash. We walked everywhere (even all the way up to Linoln Park). Restaurants, theater, stores, the lake are all very close and easy to get to. The Red-line El is 1 block away. Cabs are easy to get.-Restaurants nearby - Joe's Steakhouse, Weber Grill, Rock Bottom Brewery, PF Chang's, Gioprdano's Pizza, Unor's, Due, lots more - all within 2 blocks.All-in-all, a good place to stay. Not the lap of luxury, but a good hotel that I would recommend to anyone.	
Jul 23 2008 	Nice Place To Stay In A Hectic City	I found the hotel to be a nice positive surprise. Located only about two blocks from one part of Michigan Avenue, it is close to shopping and dining.Enter the front and go up six floors to registration. The room that I had on the 18th floor had a decent view for a city hotel. Of course one can always hear the sounds of the city, even on the 18th floor. Sirens are not uncommon during the day and early evening, and the sounds of traffic are there during &quot;rush hour&quot;.My room was clean and comfortable, and of course it was a suite. Good size flat screen TV in living area with &quot;regular&quot; TV in bedroom. The bed was very comfortable, and the room was equipped with a dish washer, microwave, fridge, coffee maker and a desk for working. Internet access is free, breakfast is free, cocktails and soft drinks are free in the early evening just as it is at Embassy Suites, but this hotel offers free dinner. However, one must choose the entree and complimentary side dishes chosen by the hotel and changed daily. Don't expect to get a burger and fries here, unless it is Burger &amp; Fry night. While I was there for two nights we were offered fish night and China buffet night. The food is what one would expect at a buffet style offering. I was there to attend a trade show at the McCormick Place Convention Center which is about a $10-$12 cab ride at this writing. I would stay at this hotel again if in the area again.	
Jul 21 2008 	Recommend This Hotel	We enjoyed this hotel for our recent vacation to Chicago. We chose this hotel because we had had a good experience in a Homewood Suites before (and we wanted a separate bedroom so that our baby could sleep without the rest of us having to sit quietly in the dark!) and we were not disappointed. Our room was very quiet considering the hotel’s downtown location. We had a great view of the city and some interesting architecture from our hotel room. The hotel was only about a block from the red line which made using public transportation convenient. The free summer trolley to navy pier stopped right outside the hotel. Unfortunately, we never got to use this, but it would have been fun if we had had more time. The exercise room and pool were pretty nice. The pool was heavily chlorinated and not great for small kids (pretty deep). The hotel also offers free guest passes to the gym next door, but we didn’t get a chance to try that out, either. The breakfast was good, but very crowded. They had someone seating you, which made it seem nicer. The hotel staff members we interacted with were all very friendly. The hotel was a large chunk of our vacation cost, but we felt it was worth it. The hotel is also near some interesting restaurants like Pizzeria Uno and Pizzeria Due and the Weber Grill restaurant (which we didn’t get a chance to eat at, but looked interesting). We wanted to eat a Pizzeria Uno (only about a block away from our hotel), and it worked out well because the wait was 1-2 hours on Saturday night, so we just called to order and waited in our hotel room until the pizza was ready.	
Jul 14 2008 	Couldn't ask for better service!	Wow. We had such an excellent stay. The rooms were enormous and exceedingly clean. The front desk staff was incredibly accommodating, anticipating our needs. We were delighted to find that the hot breakfast was yummy and that dinner was provided (with free wine and beer). The location was just incredible. The bellman was helpful. I can't think of anything I would change to be honest. Next time I go to Chicago, I won't even consider another hotel! Oh, Texas de Brazil opened up in the same building as the hotel and the scrumptious odors permeated the elevator. Needless to say, we stayed hungry! LOL	
Jul 13 2008 	Great hotel plenty of space nice breakfast	We stayed over the July 4th weekend. The room was spacious for a downtown property, including a kitchen with stove, full size fridge, sink and dishwasher! The rate included breakfast, which was very nice for an inclusive breakfast, several hot items, many pastries, cereals and fruits. The pool was located on the top floor, and although a bit small, kept the children happy. However, there was very limited seats - about 8 total! We were a healthy 15 minute walk to shopping, but the doormen were very attentive and we were able to get a taxi quickly. We did not use the valet parking, which at $38/night is a bit steep. We had a relative who let us use her parking pass down the street.	
Jul 8 2008 	Great Location!	We stayed here for a girls weekend for the 4th of July holiday. The Homewood Suites is wonderful! Loved the FREE breakfast buffet; a different daily selection of hot breakfast items including potatoes, sausage, pancakes, french toast, eggs, etc. and several cold items like yogurt, fresh and cut fruit, juices, etc. Staff was friendly and helpful. FREE trolley to the Navy Pier right outside of hotel. Room was clean, ran out of towels and needed mouthwash; someone came right away with the items. Valet parking and bellhop staff wonderful, very kind! Hotel is in great location within walking distance of many restaurants, magnificient mile, grocery stores, etc. Would stay here again!	
Jul 7 2008 	Fantastic location!	Location....location....location! The Homewood is the best hotel to stay in Chicago. It is a suite style hotel so we had a kitchen, living room and bedroom. Perfect for the family. Very clean and comfortable rooms. Staff is excellent. Very friendly and helpful. Quiet rooms for Chicago! Excellent restaurants within walking distance not to mention the shopping. Navy Pier a quick trolley ride from the hotel. We even walked to Millenium and Grant Parks. Buses are very accessible also. Pizzeria Uno just a block away but order it to go and eat in your room. Very small restaurant and congested with long lines. Take out was very easy and convenient. We rented a movie in the room while eating the pizza. Kids loved it! Harry Caray's, Weber Grill, Joes Stone Crab, and several cafes are close by. Recommend the Water Tower Place for shopping. Taste of Chicago is excellent if you happen to be in town that week. We absolutely loved it! We have stayed at other hotels in Chicago, but this one wins! We will definitely stay here again!	
Jul 5 2008 	Location Location Location	We spent 3 nights at the Homewood Suites in downtown Chicago. When we arrived our room wasn't ready. They held our bags at the valet area and brought them up promptly when our room was ready..which only took about 30 minutes. Our room was very nice. The suites are great with kitchenette, living area, dining table, bedroom and separate sink area from the bathroom. Our room was very clean with the exception of mildew on the grout in the bathroom. With the products available now, there should be no mildew in bathrooms at hotels. It's just too easy to take care of these issues now. The hotel is right on the line for the free blue trolley to the Navy Pier. It's only about a 6 block walk so we didn't take advantage of the trolley...but we do tend to walk a lot. One block west of the hotel on E. Grand and N. State is the Grand Plaza Market. It's a small supermarket. We were able to get supplies for the room there. Prices were only about 5% higher than what we were used to at home, so not bad at all. They have a pharmacy, groceries, toiletries, etc. ESPN Zone is around the corner in the same building. Bloomingdales is around the corner as well. Easiest way to Michigan Avenue is to walk west on E. Grand, turn left on N. Rush then right on E. Ohio. Boom...Michigan Avenue in all it's glory.The location is just unbeatable!	
Jun 28 2008 	Very good if suite's are your thing.	This is not a well-known hotel in Chicago, but it's really interesting.The location is ideal for just about any purpose: just off the magnificent mile, a blockfrom the red line subway and a few blocks from the El.The hotel is not super-noticeable from the street; the entrance ison street level but the hotel lobby is 6 floors up on theelevator.The rooms are not just suites, they're really large suites -- witha well-equipped kitchen, a living area with sofa and bath, and a bedroomwith full private bath. They have nice views of the city andare well-equipt (big screen tv in the living room, largetv in the bedroom).One thing that's a bit strange about the place in thisage of niche-marketing is thatit caters both to budget-conscious tourists with large familiesand to business travelers on long-term stays who are usingsomebody else's money.So on the one hand they have wifi and internet in the rooms,and an enthusiastic full-service business-savvy front desk; on the other hand, theyhave a mini-market that has basic cooking staples, and theyhave a *coin laundry* (try finding that in a Marriott Courtyard!).During my stay, they managed to cater to both groupsquite well.My only minor complaint was about breakfast --yeah it's complimentary, and they have a lot of staff on handto try to make it run smoothly. But it brought back bad memoriesof summer camp: mobs of people pushing into a tiny serving room to scoop out something from an industrial-scale vat ofscrambled eggs. They have a dining area, but it's much too small for a hotel this size, particularly given that the breakfastperiod is fairly brief.	
Jun 25 2008 	Two thumbs up to Homewood Suites	My wife and I returned home today from Chicago. We stayed at the Homewood Suites for five days. The service was amazing. We were a little early arriving so the door man stored our luggage until it was time for us to check in. The door men were very helpful. They informed us of great restaurants and the best way to get where we were going. The breakfast was good. We had some problems with one of the hostess on one morning. She was a little unfriendly. Other than that all was well. There was plenty of food to choose from and it was decent quality.Wasn't into the Manager reception. We always had plans so it was not an option for us. We walked by one night and there was several people taking advantage of the free meal. The room was nice. We had a great view looking South. We were on the 17th floor. From our room we could see the Sears Tower, United Center, and Trump Tower to name a few. I got to see a lot of construction going on over at the trump tower. The Trump Tower is one of the coolest buildings I have ever seen. Having a kithchenette was awesome. We had a pizza from Giordanno's delivered the first night. We ate half and put the rest in the fridge for the next day. So on the third day, we had a pizza from Gino's East delivered and did the same. By the way, we thought that Giordanno's was the better of the two. For the most part, everyone was friendly at the HWS. It really made our stay enjoyable.	
Jun 18 2008 	magnificent stay near Magnificent Mile	Homewood Suites has got it all: great location for restaurants, shopping and attractions,comfortable suites,free breakfasts and internet,friendly staff,etc. A super place to stay in Chicago.	
Jun 16 2008 	excellent downtown hotel	This is one of my favorite downtown Chicago hotels in its price range (~ $200/night on the weekend). PROS:* The rooms really are suites (with a door you can close to separate the bedroom from the living area).* The living area has an HDTV, with hookups for laptops if you're hosting a small business meeting in your room.* There's a nice kitchenette complete with stove, fridge &amp; sink (great if traveling with kids)* The free breakfast buffet was excellent. * All of the staff members we encountered were very friendly and helpful.CONS:* The only negative thing I can say isn't really even a big deal at all, but I'll note it anyway... even though the room comes with an HDTV, there's no HDTV content. For example, instead of ESPN HD, you get standard-def ESPN stretched to fit the bigger screen.	
Jun 15 2008 	Excellent accommodations very friendly staff!	We stayed for 4 nights Tuesday through Friday and we loved absolutely everything about our time here. The hotel is in a superb location, less than a minutes walk to the subway and only a few minutes walk to the magnificent mile. The hotel offers free breakfast everyday and free dinner Monday through Thursday. The hotel staff is very friendly and polite and its nice to see a place where everyone is willing to help out. They had a security guard deliver extra towels to our room. The fact that security is willing to help out guests really says alot about this place. Overall I highly recommend this hotel to all who are traveling to Chicago. You wont be disappointed with your stay.	
Jun 12 2008 	Highly recommended	The location of this hotel was excellent as it is just beside the subway and the bus stop for the free trolley bus to Navy Pier is just beside the hotel. The room was very spacious. Kind of too big for a solo traveler. The view from the room was excellent and it was a great view to sleep at night. The bathroom was spacious too and the room has a big wardrobe.The kitchen has microwave oven and cooking utensils. Some of the cooking utensils were a bit dirty, probably because they had not been used for sometime. However, the microwave oven was very useful as I can heat up food to eat at night.You can easily walk to the magnificent mile by cutting across the shopping mall across the road. Do check out Pizzeria Uno which is near the hotel that serves the delicious deep dish pizza. For cheaper food, do check out the foodcourt at the shopping mall.The hotel also serves breakfast and dinner from Mon to Thur. I did not find the food that fantastic but it was pretty decent.I will strongly recommend this hotel to everyone going to Chicago.	
Jun 10 2008 	Great All Suite Hotel	We stayed at Homewood Suites for one week in May. It was a very nice all suite hotel with so many amenities. Weather was cool and rainy (2 half days only), but that’s a given for the month of May. I’ve attached pictures (not of hotel, as they are exactly “as is” on the website).We were very close to everything (red line CTA, shopping on Michigan Avenue, restaurants, convenience stores, bus stops, free shuttle to Navy Pier just a few steps away) etc. The best location we could have chosen.Room was relatively clean. Flat screen in living room was either damaged or had bad resolution, few other minor issues. Rooms were cleaned every day around 10-11am, everything was replenished. I agree with others on this forum that the rooms do look a lot larger on the website than in reality; which is small, but again, comfortable surroundings. Not much walking space in the bedroom and I banged into the wall in the middle of the night on my way to the washroom, so be careful …lol. Our room was quite which we were grateful for. Every vacation we’ve been on, we’ve had noisy occupants, so this was a first.Breakfast buffet had a large variety of choices to suit everyone. We did not care for the liquid scrambled cheese eggs (too dry and rubbery) and bacon, but everything else was great. We had malt waffles every day! Biscuits are hot and tender. Fresh whole fruit or cut up fruit is a plus, as is skim milk and yogurt. I would personally suggest trying the great restaurants that Chicago has to offer rather than the free dinner buffet (Mon-Thursday), but if you’re on a budget or have a large family to feed, etc. you might want to give it a try. There is free red/white wine and beer, and we saw many people come down for just that.Free internet access with color printer in the business center was a real plus for helping us research and print off maps for our itinerary. Printer wasn’t working on the last two days we were there though. Gym and pool on 19th floor with a great night view. We never made use of it, but wish we had the time. Some highlights of our trip were the deep dish pizza which we could not get enough of, the Lincoln Zoo, shopping on Michigan Avenue and The Blue Man Group, which we saw at the last minute. I got pulled onstage by one of the Blue men and it was a thrill to be part of the show for about 15 minutes!! We love Chicago and will definitely return. We will definitely stay at Homewood Suites! Please message me if you require further info on anything at all. We had a fabulous time. Other than our AA flight which was cancelled and delayed by 12 hours, it was a nice vacation!	
Jun 9 2008 	A pleasant surprise	My friends and I were celebrating a Bachelorette party downtown and all pitched in on a room at the Homewood Suites because of its great location and the price was reasonable as well. The suite was spacious. We had a nice sized kitchen (glasses, coffee mugs, silverware, plates, etc). Late at night, we called down to room service for extra blankets and pillows. They brought them to our room within 5 minutes...that really impressed me. Also, the king size bed was very comfortable.The overall pros:-plenty of space-comfortable bed with goose down pillows-huge flat screen tv in the &quot;living room&quot; area-well stocked kitchen area-very clean-room service was quickThe cons:-remote for the tv in the bedroom didn't work-electrical outlet next to vanity didn't work-pull-out couch was uncomfortable to sleep on-lcheck in is not on the first level of the hotel-parking is pricey!	
Jun 1 2008 	Ideal for Chicago	This is an excellent option for downtown Chicago. Spacious suites, 2 TV's one a HD, huge double bed, decent kitchenette; All at a v reasonable price.Staff are v friendly and the location just off the Mag Mile is ideal. Red Line subway (Grand) outside the hotel is perfect for White Sox stadium....2 mins from a Jewel Osco supermarket and tons of bars and restaurants including the brilliant Pops for Champagne.Highly recommened.	
May 30 2008 	A Great Place to Stay!	We stayed at the Homewood Suites for 3 nights in November 2007. (My partner &amp; 10 month Son). This was a great place to stay with a family, the location was amazing and the service at the hotel was wonderful with some of the most friendly staff I have ever experienced. We were blown away with the breakfasts available and the fact that you can pack your own take-away box and take food back to your room! The hotel is directly opposite a chinese restaurant and an amazing pizza restaurant (great for the famous deep dish!) all which come in handy when dining out with young one's isn't your cup of tea!When visiting Chicago again I would definitely stay here!	
May 25 2008 	A great experience	We just got home from our 4 day stay at the Homewood Suites. I have been to Chicago several times before, but this was my first time staying in the Homewood Suites. The homewood suites was nicer and more affordable than hotels I have stayed in previously.My family and I were really impressed with the Homewood Suites. We had a 1 bedroom King suite. As mentioned before there was a full sized fridge and freezer, with a really fast ice maker, a dishwasher, and dishes including pots and pans. I really liked that there was door to shut the bedroom off from the living room. The room was really clean, we were on the 18th floor which is a non-smoking floor, so there were not any musty, old smoky smells that you can sometimes get at hotels.The free breakfast was great, much better than any other free breakfast I have ever had at a hotel. Hot scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, potatoes, corned beef hash, fresh fruit in addition to typical cold breakfast options like bagels, donuts, muffins, cereal and yogurt. I have to say being able to start our day with a hot breakfast each day was great.The staff was friendly, especially the doormen and valet parkers. We mentioned where we were going one day and they gave us directions to the closest place to get a CTA pass and then told us which bus we would need. Overall our experience was great and we are planning on staying here again.	
May 23 2008 	Good	It was just OK. Very clean. Polite staff. Quiet. Great Location. Rooms are smaller than they look on the hotel web-site Breakfast was a rip-off, take a short walk to the pancake house. Teeny tiny beds, something between a full and a twin, tight for 2 people to sleep in. We have 3 10 year-olds and needed a suite with room. The couch folds out - fine for kids. $10 per day for internet access... another rip-off. I would stay here again but look at other options first.	
May 17 2008 	At home at the Homewood Suites	My stay was 5 days and I was there for a convention. All the staff, from the bellmen to the front desk were friendly and helpful. The breakfast and managers dinner receptions had quite a variety and was always good. The hotel location was great-just one block off Michigan avenue with plenty of restaurants around to choose from, There were two groceries nearby-Jewel Osco and Trader Joes-that I bought wraps &amp; sandwiches to pack for lunch at the convention. (The food situation at McCormick Place Convention Center was awful-but that is another story!) There was plenty of shopping and I never felt unsafe walking alone. The room was nice but the carpet was frayed at the bathroom entrance and I did wonder if the carpets were ever vacuumed as I noticed a cookie crumb I had dropped stayed there almost the whole stay. But still basically a nice room with a nice view-especially at night. My price per night fluctuated from @189.00 to start, up to 312.00 by the end of my stay-of course I would have liked to have the cheaper price the whole stay. I would stay here again (if the price was right) and would recommend it.	
May 12 2008 	Friendly staff great location great value	My husband and I stayed for four nights at the Homewood Suites in Chicago and would highly recommend it. I'll try not to repeat other reviewers, but it must be said again that the location of the hotel is very desirable. It's one block off the red line for the subway and many sights are within walking distance of the hotel. As others have said the morning breakfast is a huge value and it's quite good. I liked that they put out to-go containers and were happy to allow people to take food back to their room. We could only take advantage of the evening snacks and drinks one night as they're only offered Monday - Thursday evenings. Our experience was the food was pretty bland, but it was great to have a few free glasses of wine. The pool on the top floor is great as you can look out the windows and see all the Downtown lights and buildings while you're in the pool. There's a small work out facility as well. The room itself was very comfortable and immaculate. I liked that you could easily get food delivered to your room from nearby restaurants or you could fix a meal yourself or store your leftovers in the fridge. There's a Trader Joes nearby where you can buy inexpensive wine and all kinds of groceries for a reasonable cost. The staff was exceptionally friendly and very accommodating. The only issue we had was with one of the doormen when we first arrived. When we arrived and grabbed a brochure on an architectural river tour the doorman told us, &quot;That one is sold out for tonight.&quot; He then tried to book us with a different company (I'm sure he gets a kickback or something). We ended up walking to the river and the tour with the original company was not sold out and he'd been lying to us. That was annoying, but I don't know if the doormen even work for the hotel. One suggestion I'd make if you stay here is to consider earplugs. We didn't hear noise from within the hotel, but from the street below. We were on the second to top floor and the sound of horns and cars did make it a little hard for me to fall asleep. That's probably not a hotel issue, just a city issue. My husband wasn't bothered by it, so maybe it's only an issue if you're sensitive to noise.A few tourist recommendations: check out Bobby's Bike Hike. We did the Chicago Neighborhood tour and it was definitely one of the highlights of the trip. You get to see things that are off the beaten path and the guide was a lot of fun and very informative. Definitely check out the fountains with the faces on them in Millenium Park. Lots of fun. Also, we went in both the Sears Tower and the Hancock Observatory and would recommend the Hancock. The views were of the water and the city and just prettier. The Sears Tower felt very sterile to me. It was hard to get a feel of how high up you are since it's completely closed off by windows that don't open. Having been in the Empire State Building and the Eiffel Tower there's something to be said for feeling the wind blowing on you and hearing the sounds below you. The Sears Tower doesn't give you that feeling. You can go up in the Hancock for free if you go to the Lounge and buy a drink. Two lousy mixed drinks were about $25 total so next time I'd just order a soda ($5.00) or pay to go to the actual observation deck. Don't miss the Field Museum. It's amazing. The Shedd Aquarium is also fun. If you've been to Sea World you won't be impressed by their live shows. Plus they seated everyone 1/2 hour before the show where you got to sit on a hard stone bench with someone's knees in your back and your knees in the back of the person in front of you. However, the exhibits were really well done. We saw a few things we've never seen before. Check out the City Pass as it saves you money if you'll be seeing a few of the major tourist attractions. Navy Pier was pretty disappointing to us. Several greasy chain restaurants and lots of ticky tacky tourist stuff. Maybe in the summer it's more fun with street performers and the like, but in late April it was a disappointment. Kids would enjoy it because of the ferris wheel, but don't go out of your way to see it. There's so many better things to see and do.Overall, great hotel, great city, just wished we could have stayed longer.	
May 10 2008 	The right choose	Amazing location, Very close from the Hampton inn and the Hilton Garden Inn (downtown), so don´t lose time, like i did, comparing locations, they are all great. You can have a 1 minute walk to the delicious, pricey, Joe's Stone Crab or a Sushi place with outstanding food quality and a forgettable name; if you walk to the other side you'll find P.F. Chang's. If you can walk more than a minute you will have numerous options.If working out is a must for you, as a homewood guest you can acces the &quot;crunch&quot; gym right next door. It's a really big place with lots of fine equipment, a paradise for the ones who need a gym. If you like running, it takes only a 2 minute jog to the track beside the lake where you can rent bikes or skates or just run. We walked to the stores, restaurants, theater (Jersey boys! a must!), Opera, Navy Pier, etc. If needed a taxi would cost 5-7 dollars.The room is nice, according to the price, with some details on the wallpaper and a small leak when rained (in a corner far away from the bed and sitting area, so we didn´t mind) the room is not big but roomy and the view was perfetc!.Breakfast included is very good: fruit, kryspy kremes, eggs, cereals, breads, yoghur, etc.The staff at front desk are extremely corteous and helpful, they always gave us the best directions, tips and assistance. I will never go back to the other expensive hotels, this my hotel at Chicago from now on.	
May 4 2008 	Our home in Chicago	We had a conference at the nearby Marriott and thankfully could not get a room there, since it would have been $3-400 a night there. We found Homewood Suites, which is literaly next door. From our room, we could look into the rooms at the Marriott.Boy are we glad we found this place. We paid $189 a night for 7 nights. If you stay 7 nights, it is considered &quot;extended stay&quot; and it is cheaper-probably cheaper total than if you stay 4-5 nights. Their pricing is a tad bit confusing because most room types have different rates on different nights, so just make sure you know what you average room rate is before thinking you got a great deal for all nights.Location: It is one block off Mag Mile, and across street from Nordstrom, PF Changs, Pizzeria Uno, Bloomingdales, ESPNzone etc. GREAT location within walking distance of anything on Michigan Ave. or the Loop. In the room they have menus from various eateries that will deliver. Rannallis is great for pretty basic italian fare and salads. They are fast and only charge $2.50 delivery. Public areas: The staff is very friendly. You take elevator to floor 6 for lobby, shop, and dining room.....Almost the best part is the breakfast, which is probably the best complimentary brekfasts I have had a hotel ever. Scrambled eggs, breakfast meat, panckaes, french toast or fresh waffles, cereal, donuts, bread bagels fruit, yogurt, juice hot drinks. It got a little monotonous after 7 days, but the higher end-hotels don't even have this nice a breakfast for $$. NOR do the ritzey places have a buffett dinner. It is Mon-Thursday and is basic, but they have themes. Spagetti and meatballs, hamburger, pizza, Philly Cheese steak, chinese, etc. Usually some steamed veggies, small salad bar, hot entree and usually some kind of vegetarian option like mac/cheese, potatoes. Beer and Wine and soft drinks. Cake and pudding for dessert. Very passable, especially if you think that yo are saving $40 on dinner or more. We ate there 2 night out of 7. You can take the food to-go up to your room as well.Room: we had a corner room. All the &quot;_04&quot; rooms are on the southeast corner which affords a view from the Hancock Tower to the Trump Tower and Wrigley Building in the middle. We loved it. You walk in and it has an almost full kitchen (no oven) with fridge, 2-burner cooktop, microwave, sink, dishwasher and dishes for about 4 people. Then there is a living area with dining table/desk, two dining chairs, an easy chair, couch, coffee table and tv. The bedroom has a confy king bed with pelty of pillows and clean duvet cover, tv and standard bathroom. You can close the bedroom door and the couch folds out. You have to go thru the bedroom to get to the bathroom. The dcor is urban, with warm colors and some ncie bw photos of Chicago architecture.There is free wireless and ethernet cable internet in the room, which worked great. They also have a business center on floor 6 with printers, and conference table etc, so you can print out boarding pass etc. All the expensive hotel charge $10 a dayand that is if you can get it to work properly. Overall, we were REALLY pleased with the quality AND value. These days you are lucky to get one of thsoe in a hotel, but to get both-wow, that says a lot. It makes you wonder how Hilton is able to do it, and makes you wonder how much profit these swankier palces make on just a simple room and no extras at all and still charge twice as much.We will be back to this place and will look for more of these Homewood Suites elsewhere.	
Apr 7 2008	Good location and very nice	This hotel is very good in general.Good for families like us as rooms are spacious.Good value as breakfast and light dinner (Mon-Thurs) included.Location is great for the Magnificent mile.Main advise is not to trust the staff to help you with any transport. Staff at check-in (6th floor) are unware of information on getting around so refer you to the staff on the ground floor. I needed to get to another town, the staff booked me a terrible taxi with a man with a broken arm at an exhorbitant rate (I think he was related or something). The guy didn't know the route and didn't hang around for the return as previously agreed as he reckons he got an emergency call from the hospital who wanted to see him .... I didn't think hospitals were that responsive!!! I was told by the guy who sorted this out that limos would charge $300 each way. In the end I had to get a limo for the return which cost me $80 ... way cheaper than what the taxi driver charged me.This hotel is a great hotel but diminished by dodgy staff practices.	
Apr 4 2008	homewood suites great for the family	Upon the the recommendations of TripAdvisor reviews we chose Homewood Suites on Grand Ave. one block from the Michigan Avenue for a two night stay the week after Easter. It cost $179 per night plus parking. We checked in an hour early and were given upon request a corner room on the top floor. The indoor pool was on the same floor. My wife and two daughters, ages 8 &amp; 10 enjoyed the pool and the convenience of walking down the hall to go swimming. There is a free breakfast buffet and at 5:00 p.m., wine, beer and a light dinner during the week. The location was great and we had a 15 minute walk to the American Girl Store. The concierge/bellman, Rod, was very helpful and got as a discount for the river cruise which was also a short walk from the hotel. The entire staff was very friendly and helpful. Check out the Homewood Suites web cite for room details and prices..	
Apr 3 2008 	Medical Conference	Was Here March 29 thru April 1.Pro's: [quite a lot]CleanFree wired and WiFi internet in roomsComfortable beds with plenty of pillowsBreakfast buffet : always with a meat servingCon's: [few and only mld]Only 2 elevators, but waits were not longI was very happy with my stay and will be back when business or pleasure opportunity presents.	
Apr 1 2008 	Had a nice getaway	The Mrs and I decided to get out of Texas for a few days. We picked the Homewood because of location (Near just about everything). Staff very nice, very helpful. Clean room (Some spots no big deal). Neighbors upstairs got loud, but the hotel took care of that quickly. Looking forward to staying at The Homewood again (Just next time in the summer).	
Mar 31 2008 	A surprising finding	We were attracted by the rates offerd by the website of this hotel and our stay exceeeded all expectations. All rooms have a spacious sitting area with a small but very useful kitchen and an adequate sized bedroom. The latter would do with some more space, but this does not matter as most of the time is spent in the sitting room. The hotel also offers free wifi throughout.We found the hotel very convenient located for all shopping and main attractions of Chicago. The breakfast offered are adequate and there is a free evening buffet every night except weekends. The latter is not particularly exciting, but it is a nice touch and particularly convenient if you have kids. The hotel is close by to some very good restaurants and it even have a direct line to some of them to order carry out! There is a small swimming pool and excercise room at the top floor and both offer great views of the city.On the negative side was teh smell in our room, which although was in a non smoking floor it clearly smelt of smoke. The reception and general service are not particularly effective or attentive but this does not matter that much as you have very minimum contact with them - the reception is at the 8th floor of the building. We found the value of this place unbeatable especially for what it has to offer and we would happily recommend it.	
Mar 25 2008 	Very Nice!	We stayed here March 21st and had a great experience. The rooms are very nice and clean and had a great view from the 18th floor. There is a heated pool and a cardio room on the 19th floor and it is all windows so you get an even better view from there. The breakfast buffet was great(according to my fiance...I wasn't hungry).The front desk staff is extremely friendly and the valet was great as well. The hotel is located within walking distance of most of the major shopping and only 7 blocks from Navy Pier. The only complaint that I had was that the wireless internet would only work in one spot at the corner of the bed in our room. Overall, it was a great stay and I will definitely recommend it to anyone that asks.	
Mar 24 2008 	The BEST Hotel	Have no hesitation booking this hotel. To start, the rooms are ample in size, a bedroom,bathroom, living area and kitchenette. Theres a Tv in both the bedroom and living area. The rooms are nicely decorated and spotless clean. The staff at this hotel are extremely friendly and helpful from the reception to the doorman. The breakfast buffet and the evening meal which is included in the price of your stay is great too. Also there is complimentary tea cofee and hot choclate available all day from the reception area. I could go on and on about how good this hotel is...but I won't. All I'll say is if your going to Chicago BOOK IT. The location is great just beside Mischegan Avenue. The staff are the friendliest and most helpful I've come across and the hotel itself is lovely. When I booked this hotel it was number 14 on tripadvisors top Chicago hotels. Its 7 now and I won't be suprised if it creeps up to number 1. I've dowmloaded pictures I took during my stay. Oh and heres a tip if your going to Chicago, go to see the Jerry Sringer show just up the road from the hotel its hilairious. You'll get free tickets by emailing the show(addreess is on their website).	
Mar 19 2008 	Wonderful Location Good Hotel!	The Homewood Suites in downtown Chicago is a fabulous place to stay -- a real deal given the rates the the superb location.The hotel is not fancy, but is perfectly adequate. Suites are quiet, nicely furnished and well equipped. Nice touches such as lots of soft, thirsty towels, flat screen TV, free internet elevate this hotel above much of the competition. Of course, each 'unit' is a suite! There is a full buffet breakfast served every morning -- nothing grand, but adequate (beware that it closes at 9:30 on weekdays); small pool and fitness area as well as access to a great Crunch gym next door. Staff were uniformly pleasant and accommodating -- a real bonus!!!Best of all is the location -- the Mag Mile is one block away, river north is full of wonderful restaurants for all budgets, you are within walking distance of the Loop attractions as well as subway station a few feet away! Good off-site parking is available next to the Hilton Garden Inn as well if you want to save a few dollars.For the price, with breakfast, room to spread out and fab location -- the Homewood Suites are wonderful! Enjoy!	
Mar 16 2008 	wonderful hotel-great location.	We are checking out of Homewood Suites today. Great hotel! It is located where you can walk to everything. There are great restaurants all around the hotel. The breakfast buffet is awesomeand a full hot breakfast, There is a full kitchen and 2 separate rooms in the suite. The pool is indoor and heated on the 19th floor. The beds have great linens and there are plenty of thick towels provided. It is quiet and our room on the 17th floor has an incredible view. You can ask for a room with a view or high floor when you make your reservations. Very clean and spacious room. We will definitely stay here again!!! BTW-check out time of 12 noon is great for catching afternoon flights.	
Feb 29 2008 	The staff make this a really good place to stay.	This could easily have been another anonymous box to stay in, but the staff make it really special. The hotel is in downtown Chicago, 5 minutes walk from the Michigan Avenue 'Magnificent Mile'. All rooms are suites, with a cooker, hob, pans and crockery. Breakfast is free, and there is a free evening meal on weekdays if you are on a budget (we didn't try it, but it looked OK - there seemed to be draft beer and carafes of wine). There is a gym and a pool. It's very child-friendly and would make a great hotel for families. We paid $140 plus tax's per night for an 8 day stay - this is very good for central Chicago. But its the staff who really make this hotel - very friendly and helpful - quite special.	
Feb 19 2008 	First Chicago Trip	Homewood Suites Downtown is a good choice for the family traveler. The view of downtown buildings is great at night. The central location allows for walking to many stores and restaurants. At no time did we feel unsafe, although we were approached by many homeless folks, which can be said of many large cities. The rental car had GPS info, which was great for directions to the hotel, but was confused by all of the buildings when we went to leave (still found I-90 ok, had printed instructions just in case). Room service is available from PF Chang's, but there is a 20% surcharge imposed by the hotel and a delivery fee, neither of which are given to the delivery person. Breakfast each morning was excellent, with to go containers readily available to take back to the room. Staff was friendly. Pool was small, but exercise room was well equipped.	
Feb 18 2008 	Great budget hotel.....with a few extras!	My wife and I just returned from a wonderful weekend in Chicago and the Homewood Suites was much more than I expected. Since we were on a budget we wanted to get as close to Michigan Avenue as we could without giving up too many frills. This hotel was a great value. They offer a full breakfast buffet every morning which will save you a few bucks especially if you have the kids with you. I will warn you that the buffet is quite crowded on the weekends so you may want to grab a takeout box and eat in your room. My wife and I traveled alone, but we were in the minority. Lots of kids running around so don't book this one for a Honeymoon or anything like that. The hotel is located directly across the street from Nordstroms which is the quickest (and warmest) way to access Michigan Avenue. Grand Avenue actually goes UNDER Michigan Avenue so if you are not aware of your surroundings you will walk right past it (Remember, go through Nordstroms). The room was clean and spacious and if you are staying for a long time they will even do some grocery shopping for you. Again, great for the budget conscious. The doormen are hilarious and will help you find anything you need. All in all, I would recommend this to anyone that is bringing the family to Chicago and wants to save a few bucks along the way. Enjoy!	
Feb 12 2008 	Great Service in Chicago!	This was our second stay at the Homewood Suites in Chicago. Since last year they have updated the rooms with a flat screen TV, new flooring, and some updated appliances in the kitchen. What stood out the most was the consistent excellent customer service diplayed by the entire staff. From the doormen and parking valet, to the front desk and even the maids, everyone went out of their way to make you feel at home.The free hot breakfast buffet is a nice touch and the rooms are nice in size with a sitting area and full kitchen. The bed was exceptionally comfortable and the hotel is conveniently located less than 2 blocks from the Magnificent Mile. We booked directly throught the hotel website for only $135. It is an extra $35 to park your car for 24 hours, but you get in and out privileges at no charge. Based on the horific lack of street parking in Chicago, the $35 is actually not too bad of a deal. We had a great stay and it's wel worth the money for it's location.	
Feb 9 2008 	Good amenities spacious but Underwhelmed	I had a business trip to Chicago for 3 nights so I chose it for all the benefits it offers- free breakfast, free wireless, suite rooms. I paid $149/nite and while it was a good deal for the price I was not impressed with the rooms themselves. When I checked in around 10pm - the first room I got on the 8th floor which was supposed to be non-smoking was reeking of smoke. I didn't want to make a fuss but finally couldn't take it so called the front desk to either give me another room or have someone come with air freshener. The housekeeping came quickly with airfreshener and he agreed that the room smelled like someone smoked in it so they gave me a new room. The suites are a good size but a bit dark for my taste. Bathroom was stark and ceiling had water stains all over. Rug didn't look all that great /clean so felt like I had to have shoes on the whole time. I prefer hotels where I can kick off my shoes and just hang.. I'd stayed in a Homewood Suite before near Boston and thought it was fine but the Chicago one was a bit unimpressive. Overall I think if you were there with family - as it was for many guests it seems, it would be sufficient. Seemed like a great location, right next to PF Chang restaurant, Nordstrom, ESPN zone(?), overall pretty convenient. Again, the amenities are great - free full breakfast, free coffee/tea all day, free wireless access, etc. are all great. Bed is good, sofa is okay. Hardly used the kitchen but was pretty unhappy in the morning when I woke up to see they didn't restock my coffee... I have to say that I was underwhelmed - and didn't feel as comfy at Homewood as I did in Boston's Homewood. Personally, I wouldn't stay there again for personal or business reasons - not for me. I had plenty of hotel choices in Chicago for this biz trip and I kept kicking myself why I didn't choose the Embassy Suites nearby for $159/nite or stay closer to my office at the W - albeit for $209/nite... (albeit would have to pay for online access).. I've stayed in other Embassy Suites before and feel that their decor is usually more brighter/lighter and cleaner looking.	
Feb 6 2008 	We had a great stay at Homewood!	My husband and I went to Chicago with our two young daughters for a quick overnight getaway. We live in Michigan and the train ride was about 3 hrs. Check-in was not until 4pm and we showed up around 3:45 hoping to get right in. The front desk attendant let us know it would be about a 15 minute wait which was reasonable considering actual check-in wasn't until 4pm anyway. She was very nice and during our wait she even updated us several times. The issue however was that it took more like 25 minutes, which was inconvenient given our daughters are 8 and 6 and had been waiting for this trip forever!Anyway, besides that one thing, everything else was great. When we got to our room it was immaculate. There was a fridge, microwave, coffee pot, hair dryer, etc. The couch pulled out to a sleeper bed. There were two double beds in the bedroom area. Everything was tastefully decorated. The bathroom was normal, but still very nice with plenty of towels and when we called for toothpaste it was brought right up. We went to the top floor pool and it was great. No one else was there and we had the pool all to ourselves. I wish they had a hot tub but no biggie. The breakfast buffet was amazing. They had pretty much anything you wanted from eggs, hash, and french toast to fresh fruit, donuts and bagels. The drinks were juices, milks (chocolate or white and even skim), coffee, hot tea, hot chocolate or pop. And it was all free and all delicious. The kids thought this was paradise. Check-out was a breeze. I forgot to mention there were plenty of pillows on the beds and a super soft blanket. We slept great. Everything was quiet, there was plenty of hot water. I honestly can't think of anything bad to say about the place. It was great for the four of us and for $140 two blocks from Michigan Ave, I would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 3 2008 	Definitely coming back!	This was my first time in the city, but my husband has traveled here before. I was expecting the normal city attitude....rush, rush, with not the cleanist atmosphere but acceptable for a big city.....however I was very pleasantly surprised! The hotel was amazing, for the rate we paid we werent expecting to be so satisfied. The staff was super welcoming and friendly, from the personalized welcome message left on our room machine after check in, to the fresh hot breakfast and super friendly staff. Always greeting you and willing to help with anything. Whether its just holding the door and wishing you a good evening as you venture out for dinner or giving you a run down of the &quot;must see&quot; locations during your visit. And if you need a cab, don't worry...The door men go out of thier way to hail a cab and provide some entertainment as you wait! I would have thought we paid much more. This hotel does not take any short cuts. Rooms were spatious, clean, and provided a warm atmosphere with an outstanding view! I will deffinetly book a room at this hotel for my next visit to the windy city!	
Jan 21 2008 	Great place to stay in Chicago!	I had a wonderful experience at Homewood Suites. The hotel is in great location...right next to Michigan Ave and less than two blocks from a Red line stop which made it easy for me to get around Chicago. Upon arrival, I found the staff to be friendly and helpful. I was impressed with the cleanliness of the hotel and the amenities that they offered. I plan to stay there again on my next trip to Chicago.	
Jan 14 2008 	Great Hotel	stayed at this homewood for 9 nights, made my choice after reading the reviews and I wasn't disappointed at allthis hotel has many many qualities:location, 5 minutes from Michigan Ave,rates, we booked on hilton.com and paid $150/night,big rooms, well furnished, great bed,an awesome breakfast (I was excepting the usual buffet) the choice is just incredible,a welcome home buffet with drinks and (again) a great choice of food,and the hotel staff, everyone was very nicewill stay there again	
Jan 10 2008 	Best Hotel I've stayed in by far	I am just back from staying in the Homewood Suites Chicago. Myself and 3 others stayed there for a week over the New Year. I can not recommend this hotel highly enough. From its location to it facilities we could not have asked for more. It is located only a 3/4 min walk form Mag Mile (where all the shops are), there is a Nordstrom right across the road, plus there are loads of bars and restaurants all within 5 min walking distance of the hotel. The complimentary breakfast was ideal to set you up for the day with all tastes being catered for, all the &quot;light meal&quot; they provide on mon-thurs (also complimentary) is just enough when you want to unwind after a long days shopping/sightseeing. The hotel also has free internet access which was a real help when we wanted to look something in particaular up.The rooms were fantastic, the most comfortable beds i've slept in in ages, the seperated living room and bedroom were ideal when there was a dispute over the telly or one person wanted to sleep.The staff at the hotel were brilliant, especially the lads at the conceigerge, they couldn't have been more helpful, no matter how trivial your question.All in all we had a fantastic time in chicago, and we will definitely being staying in Homewood suites the next time we go. I have friends already planning on staying there when they visit during the year.	
Jan 8 2008 	Our family loved the Homewood Suites!	Our family of six stayed at the Homewood Suites January 2-4, 2008, and it was the perfect choice! This is an all-suite hotel, and each suite has a full kitchen (including garbage disposal, range top, and dishwasher!). The bedroom is a separate room, so it was great to be able to put the kids down for the night and enjoy watching movies with my husband until we were ready to go to bed. A suite with two double beds (which is what we had) sleeps six very comfortably...especially since both rooms have a TV, which meant that I wasn't stuck watching Cartoon Network 24/7. :-)The breakfast was just wonderful! It had all the usual complimentary continental breakfast fare, plus fresh fruit, granola, and yogurt to make your own parfaits...plus a great variety of hot items! This is a great, hot breakfast, which we particularly enjoyed since the weather was so horrifyingly cold while we were in Chicago.We didn't avail ourselves of the complimentary evening meal, so I can't speak with any authority on it...but based on everything else we saw, I'm sure it was very good also.Since we had kids with us, though, I CAN speak with absolute authority on the pool, which is located on the top floor of the hotel and which has the most beautiful view of the city in three directions! It was particularly stunning after dark! Even if you don't plan to swim, it's worth the elevator ride to check out the view.Finally, the location was absolutely ideal! The Homewood Suites is less than two blocks from Michigan Avenue (and its easy bus access) and less than two blocks from a red line subway station. And there is a Jewel/Osco just two blocks away...perfect for picking up CTA passes, snacks, and groceries.The Homewood Suites isn't a fancy-schmancy hotel like the Four Seasons or the Peninsula, but there is a good reason why TripAdvisor members have ranked it the best hotel in Chicago for families: it is the PERFECT hotel in the downtown area for families with kids!	
Dec 31 2007 	Excellent deal. Perfect choice for visiting Chicago.	My wife and I stayed 3 nights at the Homewood Suites Chicago Downtown and I can tell you that we were absolutely satisfied with the Hotel:- The room was huge, with a complete kitchen, a living room with a great flat TV and a separate dormitory with another big flat TV. We also had good views from the street.- The dinner service was a great deal. Breakfast and dinner were included in the price of the room. And both were all you can eat buffets with a good food quality!! You can even take food to your room with a Tupperware (that you find in the buffet)!!!.- The staff was really nice and always ready to help you.- The location is perfect, in the city center within a four minutes walking to the magnificent mile, and next to the famous Uno's legendary Chicago Style Deep Dish Pizza!What else can we ask for? Homewood Suites Chicago is a perfect choice!	
Dec 31 2007	absolutely...wonderful	i was in chicago from september 17-22 for a convention.. my company booked this hotel for me. the hotel is centrally located , michican ave is less than a block away. perfect location! the suites are huge with comfy beds and a beautiful kitchenette. breakfast is the best... bountiful.. not just muffins and toast... i mean everything you can imagine...waffles, bacon, sausage , hash browns, toast, danishes, omelets, burritos, all freshly made... not artifical... really good. and clean .. also they have a free dinner... buffet.. excellent... mexican night, chinese night, american fare.. all included.. wine and beer also.. well worth the expensive price of $279 a night. a very classy and clean hotel.. i love chicago... will come again!	
Dec 28 2007 	Best in Chicago for My Money!	There is no hotel in downtown Chicago that gives you so much for your money. The Homewood Suites is NOT a fancy hotel. It does not exude class and high society. If that's what you are seeking, go elsewhere.If you are looking for a clean, comfortable hotel with plenty of leg room, this is it.The Homewood Suites Chicago is in an awesome location. One block from Michigan. ESPN Zone shares the same building.We have stayed at the Amalfi and the James. Both &quot;classier&quot; hotels. Both of those two I recommended. But the Homewood Suites was less thanhalf the money of those two and had a free full breakfast. There is nobreakfast at the James and the Amalfi only offers pastries. The staff at the Homewood Suites was outstanding. I needed ice. They were at my room with ice in 3 minutes with a full 10-pound bag.The refrigerator, microwave, stove, wireless internet and plasma TV really helped to make this hotel a great place to stay.NO ELABORATE LOBBYNO FANCY ARTWORKJust lots of comforts and an awesome and attentive staff.THIS IS THE HOTEL I WILL STAY AT FROM NOW ON.- RichardS_7	
Dec 27 2007 	A pretty good choice.......	We got a great deal by booking at the hotel website with a pay in advance, non refundable rate. Based on other reviews I expected an unbeatable experience so my expectations may have been too high. The best thing about the hotel is the service. Every single employee acted as though this was beyond a five star establishment; polite, friendly, just great. Someone else said the bathrooms were modern and I quite disagree. The vanity area was tiny and the bathroom did not look updated. The kitchen was large and nice. The fold out sofa was 'springy' according to my 8 yr old but comfortable. She hated the carpet, which I have to agree with, it was a yucky color and a strange uncomfortable texture for bare feet. The master bedroom had a very comfortable bed with oodles of pillows and a very fluffy comforter. My biggest disappointment may have been the view. It was of the roof of the ESPN building and a large parking garage which lit up like the sun all night. I am attaching a photo of the best angle of downtown I could get but it still wasn't much of a view, certainly not good for people watching. Room service calls go directly to PF Changs which cracked me up though we did not use it. Overall the service, location and rate were excellent but I might just try their sister property, the Hilton Garden Inn next door next time.	
Dec 14 2007 	Convenient and comfortable	We were surprised by the size of the suite. The bedroom was big and luxuriously appointed. The bathroom was modern, the kitchenette well equipped, the LCD TV's were great. The entire apartment was clean and attractive.It is located within walking distance from great places to eat. We also walked to Navy Pier and the Tourist Office. The bus trip is worth the money to get an idea of where what is.The staff at the apartments are very helpful, even at 03:00 in the morning. They also offer a shopping service which cut down on our time spent in grocery outlets.The breakfast was good - great choice and every morning there are different dishes on offer.We would definitely stay here again. Good value for money and good location.Chicago is a beautiful city.	
Dec 13 2007 	What a great hotel	Stayed from 2 - 9th December in this great hotel. Great staff - so helpful and friendly and each time we returned we were greeted with a &quot;welcome back&quot; from the guys at the door.The suite was great and had absolutley everything you might need. Good bedroom with really comfortable bed. Living area/kitchenette with microwave, hob, toaster, dishwasher and fridge freezer (complete with ice-making machine). Broadband connection in the room and free use of office facilites for printing etc.The hotel is convenient to the bus and underground with lots of good restaurants in the vicinity and great shopping in the mall opposite. Michigan Ave is within easy walking distance and a short ride on the underground or bus takes you to Macys etc or if you prefer a taxi is around $6. Breakfast is provided each day and there is a manager's reception Mon - Thurs which provides buffet food with beer, wine and soft drinks included. Tea/coffee is available all day at reception.All in all a great place to stay.	
Dec 5 2007 	Perfect location - downtown Chicago	We stayed here for three nights at the end of November based on the Tripadvisor reviews we had read and we were not disappointed! It was a perfect location for shoppping, bars and restaurants and the staff were really helpful and friendly.The breakfast each morning was an added bonus - there was anything from fruit and yogurt to a cooked breakfast (even waffles and syrup!) with about 5 choices of bagel! You could even take your breakfast upstairs with you if you would rather have it in your suite.... I saw quite a few guests in PJ's filling up their take out boxes in the morning.Our room had a seperate dining and kitchen area (with coffee supplied), a tv lounge, a dressing area, a bathroom and a huge bed that I wanted to bring home it was so comfortable. There was also a big screen Tv at the end of the bed with loads of channels and pay per view movies - perfect for watching while getting over the Jet lag! Michigan Ave is about two blocks away and it is great for shopping... Although State st is better and is a small cab ride (about $6) away. Macys on washington and state is amazing!There is free tea, coffee and hot chocolate available in reception allday which is perfect for when you are finished your long day of shopping and just want to unwind. We missed the complimentary dinner as we stayed over a weekend - this is only available Mon - Thurs.Make sure you check out heaven on seven - the nicest soul food outside of New Orleans! it was divine and is only around the corner from the hotel. The sushi place next door is really nice but be careful not to order too much! the prices are so cheap you think you won't have enough food!Anyway, when we go back to the windy city, and we are going back, we will stay here again which is as high a recommendation as I can give it!	
Nov 14 2007	Superb Value and Great Staff	We just stayed 3 nights in November at this great value hotel - we chose it reading other reviews on Trip Adviser and were not disappointed.The suites are a decent size with a kitchen area with microwave, dishwasher and coffee pot (coffe and tea provided). Everything was spotless - we got a room on the 17th Floor with a really nice city view.The staff were brilliant, from the friendly doormen to the reception and dining room staff. Everyone without fail were helpful and pleasant - something you don't find in all Hiltons. It is hard to beat the added value that comes from good breakfast and a complimentary Managers Special in the evening served between 5 to 7pm. This included wine and beer (you help yourself) and a light dinner of soup, salads and a choice of 4 hot dishes such as one meat, a potato, a veg and a pasta dish - which again you help yourself to, it was quite substantial and anyone not wanting to leave the hotel after a long day would find it very welcoming.Coffees and teas were always available free in reception area as well, there was also to go cups.There are countless restaurants close by and any amount of bars 2 blocks down on Hubbard Street - try Howl at the Moon for a good laugh, duelling Pianos and the musicians taking requests to play and sing any song you ask. Couldn't believe how many different songwords they must know!Only found out on last day but there is a free to use business centre behind reception for internet if you didn't bring a laptop as we didn't coming from UK. This was very handy.You can take a taxi in from the airport O'Hare, but it is quite a long way. We decided to catch the train in after reading it here on TA - it was so easy and cheap - only cost us $2 each compared to a $50 taxi ride, we took that option going back as well. To do this you follow the signs from the airport (after baggage claims) I think you go up in the lift to the next floor. Board the blue line train from airport and change once at Jackson (free transfer) you get off at Grand (Red). You come up steps to street level at Grand and carry on walking directly from there about a block and Homewood Suites is just across the road - couldn't be easier.Finally, this was our first time in Chicago (although we have visited many other parts of US) and we found this to be one of the friendliest cities ever. The people are so genuinely nice and everyone seems to want to help with queries or if you look at all lost someone will stop and ask if you need directions or something. The city river and lake area is lovely to explore and although I wouldn't describe it as exciting like NY, I think it has a lot to offer and we will most certailnly go there again as we had a lovely all round experience with Chicago. If I can help with any queries please be my guest and email me, I intend to write a trip report soon as well when I get over my jet-lag!	
Nov 1 2007 	Great Location 	This hotel is in such a great location. It is just steps away from Michigan Avenue, and surrounded by many great restaurants. It is a $10.00 taxi ride to the McCormick Place Convention Center, which isn't bad, because there is only one hotel near McCormick, and if you stay there you are near nothing else. The rooms are very large at the Homewood Suites and very similar to any other Homewood Suites. I had the 2 room version room, which are the rooms with the even number room numbers. Those rooms face the Hancock Tower and down onto Ohio Avenue. The smaller rooms with the odd numbers face the Chicago river. The hotel serves breakfast every morning and it is great. Make them yourself waffles, fresh fruit, bagels &amp; pastries, cereal, and always different &quot;bulk&quot; items such as scrambled eggs or biscuits and gravy, bacon, sausage, and potatoes. The staff in the dining area are very attentive, and always on standby. If you need anything at this hotel in the way of recommendations on dining, attractions, or transportation you need to speak to Ron at the front door. This guy will bend over backwards for you whenever he is there. Enjoy your stay.	
Oct 22 2007 	Nice hotel nice staff good location	I recently stayed at the Homewood Suites during a business meeting that was held at the hotel. The most positive aspects were the hotel staff who were pretty nice upon check in. The breakfast was also good, and the rooms were spacious. There was also free wireless internet in the rooms, which was appreciated. The red line train was only a block away. The downsides: Certain aspects of the room appeared dated. The carpet was frayed in areas and the bathroom set up was odd. The area where the sink was didn't have a towel bar and seemed a bit cramped. Also, when I received my bill there were two nights worth of valet parking charged to the bill even though I didn't have a car. This was removed after a few visits to the front desk. Also, I would not recommend holding a meeting at this hotel. They just were not set up to handle all of the logistics of a 21st century meeting and the space was rather cramped.I thought it was pricey ($200/night group rate) for what you got, but that may be the norm in Chicago. Also, they overbooked and had to send some of the conference attendees to another hotel. The conference attendees should have been given top priority since their meeting was at the hotel.	
Oct 3 2007	Very Good	We realy enjoyed our stay at the Homewood Suites. Suite was spacious and clean. Location is very convenient to center of Mag Mile. Grand subway station on the Red Line is 2 short blocks away. Free breakfast had wide variety and good quality. The free Mgr's reception on weekday evenings had a wide choice of food, including hot entrees, salads, soup, desert, beer and wine. We thought there would be just snacks but it was more than enough for dinner.Pool is on the top floor. Its not huge, but not small either. There was a small fitness room - just treadmills and aerobic machines, no weights. There's also an Executive room on the 6th floor with free internet access and printers to print boarding passes. I think there was free wi-fi in the hotel as well.Would recommend this hotel to anyone. There were surprisingly few families with kids staying over the weekend we were there. Instead, it seemed a mix of tourists and business people were staying at the hotel.	
Sep 3 2007 	really good	we stayed at homewood in late august for a week and were really pleased that we chose to stay here! The suites are really well sized, with a big bedroom, large seating area with a huge TV and a good size kitchen with everything that you may need, plus the views (we stayed at the front of the hotel, opposite Nordstrom) were fantastic!!! Breakfast is really good, lots of choice, and the welcome home dinner (FREE!) is really good quality stuff (we had philly steak, burgers, mac cheese, saussage and chips, plus snacks and pudding!) and will definately save you money. The location couldn't be better, round the corner from pleanty of eateries, one block from the mag mile, one block from the red line (grand), and within very easy walking distance of the river and then the loop. The top floor pool and small work out room are also good, and seemed not be used that much. The hotel seemed to be busy during the week, but quiter and full of families at the weekend.	
Sep 1 2007 	perfect for family with teens!	Hotel was perfect for family with 2 teens for 3 days. Our one bedroom suite was very spacious: large bedroom with 2 double beds, tv, sink/vanity outside bathroom. large bath (in fact, wish it had a sink there too, as there certainly is room). Living room was large enough for all four of us to comfortably hanging out there and watch a movie, with a sleep sofa, easy chair, desk/table with chairs, full kitchen including large fridge. It's modern, housekeeping and front desk services were good. Breakfast had multiple choices in a nice clean room with very pleasant staff (mediocre eggs, good fruit, coffee and juices, yogurt, donuts, bagels, eng. muffins, cereal, etc). Hotel is across street from Nordstrom's &quot;mall&quot; with nice shops, one block from good supermarket, one block from subway to Wrigley Field, same block as Navy Pier trolley stop. We walked easily from here to Mag Mile, to Chicago Architecture Foundation boat tour, Millenium Park and Art Insitute of Chicago. Pool is very small here, free acess to great Crunch gym next door.	
Aug 30 2007	Very good downtown hotel	This hotel has a very good location, being just one block from the magnificent mile, as well as having pizzeria uno and the espn zone just around the block (although it was a little hard to get to with all of the one-way streets, etc.).The hotel has valet parking, although it is expensive, which is probably the case at any hotel in the area.The rooms are very nice and had everything that we needed for our stay. My only complaint was that the wireless internet was very inconsistent.The breakfast is good and includes eggs, potatoes, lots of baked things, and some fruit. On weekdays, they serve dinner food from 5-7, but we didn't take advantage of it, as there are lots of great restaurants in the area, but it could be a good way to save some time/money.My only other complaint was that the elevator moved very fast and I often felt dizzy after riding on it, although I can't ride on rollercoasters, so this might not be an issue for other people.	
Aug 27 2007	Great value for the family	We arrived early on Aug 23 and they were able to accomodate our early arrival which was nice. The room was a 1 room suite, very clean, which I was glad about because I hate to stay in a hotel that feels dirty. My only complaint was that we had to call housekeeping twice for toilet paper. They never left a spare roll. The free breakfast was a plus! It is very crowded and you may have to wait to be seated, but you are welcome to take a to go container and go back to your room if you are in a hurry. It was a nice breakfast too, eggs, hashbrowns, biscuits &amp; sausage gravy, etc. The location was perfect. Close to shopping. Did take a taxi to the Field Museum area which only ran aroun 12.00. We did try taking the free trolley, and it was more of a hassle that what it was worth. We waited and wasn't able to get on because it was crowded, ended up taking a taxi. The next time we did get on we had to switch to get to a different one to take us to the Navy Pier, all in all it took an hour to get from the museum area to Navy Pier. Next time, we will cab it. I wouldn't recommend Gino's pizza. We thought it was horrible. We definately should have done Pizzeria Uno. If we go back, we would definately stay at this hotel. The staff was very nice and the location was great.	
Aug 26 2007 	Would Stay at Homewood Again	My wife and I just returned from a 5 night stay (Aug 19-24) at Homewood Suites. We found the Homewood on the web and then checked the reviews on trip advisor before making our reservations. We paid $179 a night and were more than happy with our selection.LOCATION: The location on E Grand was excellent for those sites we wanted to see. Go left out the front door and go about a block and half, then up the stairs to the second level street and reach N. Michigan (the Magnificent Mile). Or you can continue down E Grand until you reach the Navy Pier. / Turn right out the front and go around the corner to Pizzeria Uno for a Chicago style pizza. Continue straight instead and in another block you will reach the Grand subway station on the Red Line. We found the Red Line route, supplemented by buses on ocassion, would take us to the majority of the places we were going (Wrigley Field, Field Museum, Museum of Science and Industry, Shedd Aquarium, Millennium Park, etc). There was also a grocery neaby the hotel which came in handy with the full kitchen in our suite.STAFF: The staff were excellent for the most part. The only problem we encountered was that our room was not available at check in time. Although we were waiting in the lobby we had to keep checking back with the desk to find out when our room was finally ready.LOBBY: The hotel has very little frontage at street level, with the lobby actually being on the 6th floor. We always found coffee, tea, and cocoa in the lobby with &quot;to go&quot; cups and lids available to take it back to your room. Just off the lobby was the dining room.DINING ROOM: The dining room served a buffet style breakfast each morning and on Mon - Thu a buffet meal in the evening. We found these meals, which were included with the price of the room, to be very convenient. You could either eat in the dining room or fix you plates to take back to your room. The staff in the dining area were especially friendly.OUR ROOM: We had a full kitchen area, a sitting area (TV), a separate bedroom (TV), and a bathroom which was only accessible from the bedroom. As there was only the two of us this arrangement worked just fine with us. The only quirk was that the bathroom sink and small counter were actually in the bedroom. The relatively large bathroom only contained a toilet with a towel rack above it and the bathtub/shower combo. There was not even even a towel rack or hooks neat the bathtub for hanging up towels or clothes which was reachable from the bathtub. Also, would have liked to seen at least a small shelf available in the bathroom for those of us who wear glasses or for toiletries.The pluses far out weighted the minuses for us. We would not hesitate staying here again at or near the same price.	
Aug 22 2007 	Great For a Family	My family of four, including 7 year old twins, stayed here 3 nights. Location couldn't be better; very easy to find; close to shopping, trolleys, etc. Rod wins the #1 Bellman Award, hands down!!!We had a one bedroom suite, &amp; we used the sofa bed as our 2nd bed. I didn't sleep on it, but my husband said it was fine; no bar down the middle that he could feel. Our room was clean; no complaints. Our icemaker didn't make ice, so I called guest services &amp; someone came w/in 10 min w/a bucket of ice (turns out, the ice maker was turned off! Duh!).The breakfasts were great. It's served in a &quot;dining room&quot; so depending on what time you arrive, you may have to wait for seating. We ate around 9-9:30 each morning &amp; we had to wait 10-20 min each morning. Lots of your typical hot &amp; cold foods; hot foods change each day. They run out of stuff quickly at peak times, but there were always several staff members tending to the food &amp; refilling, etc. You can take your food back to your room, if you like, then you don't have to wait for seating.On weekdays they also serve a dinner. We went on pizza night, &amp; brought it back to our room to eat. We all liked it.Everyone we encountered were very friendly. Only one incident where I was inquiring about the video games in the room, how they're charged, etc. &amp; the person I talked to had no idea what she was talking about. I talked to someone else later &amp; got the correct info.We valet parked our car, &amp; upon check out discovered that we could leave our car there while we explored the city, &amp; come back for it (&amp; our luggage) when we were ready to go home. Nice.I would stay here again if we visit Chicago again, which I hope we do.	
Aug 18 2007 	Great Location	This hotel has an excellent location right next to the Magnificant Mile shopping area. It also is close to the theatre district and Navy Pier.The breakfast and happy hour refreshments are great with Happy Hour being able to give you a full meal if you so wish. The staff are friendly and able to supply stuff you may have forgotten, such as a razor or sewing kit, at no cost, unlike some other hotels.My room was large and well presented. My only complaint was that the air conditioning never got cool enough.A good stay.	
Aug 8 2007	Great for families	Our family stayed at the Homewood Suites Downtown Chicago-E Grand Ave. in April.This location was excellent, just 2 blocks off Michigan Ave. shopping. Many restaurants within a 5 minute walk.It's on the trolley line to the pier and museums.Excellent breakfasts and to our surprise the manager's reception each evening was like a whole meal. With pasta and salad bar, beer and wine too.The rooms were clean and comfortable. The bellmen were attentive and very cautious on security. If they didn't recognize you they asked why you were coming in to the hotel.We will stay here again when we go back to the Windy City.	
Aug 2 2007 	Great location great value	I selected the Homewood suites after doing a fair amount of research as I usually do. My other choice was the Hilton on South Michigan because I could have had a much better deal albeit without food. I am so glad I chose this hotel instead. The Hilton seemed to be in an area that wasn't as nice. The Homewood Suites is very conveniently located and being there on a Wed. and Thurs. allowed us to save by not having to go out to dinner (the hotel has an evening meal on Sun - Thurs). The staff is friendly and the room was well-appointed. Wherever you choose to stay, I definitely recommend staying downtown if you are coming as a tourist. It is worth the extra money you pay. We had considered staying in a suburb and taking a train in but with the amount of things to do and see in the city, it would have been too inconvenient and time-consuming in my opinion. Also you can easily take the blue line train from the airport, change to the red line at Jackson (Washington is under construction) and it's a 1.5 block walk to the Homewood Suites.We *loved* Chicago and were very pleasantly surprised by the city. Very clean, tourist-friendly, polite people..... and there's so much to do. I would like to mention the free trolley. We decided to buy a 3-day CTA pass which allowed us to take unlimited trains and buses - that was the best decision we made. At the free trolley stops, people would be lined up waiting for a trolley and because the trolley made a loop and it was free, it was crowded and not very timely. We waited for 5 minutes max every time we needed to take the bus (we used them a lot since we have young kids) and always got a seat. It was so convenient. Also don't miss the bean!	
Aug 2 2007	Could use some updates - location biggest benefit	As a business traveler - I have to differ a bit with some of the &quot;family/leisure&quot; reviewers that have given this hotel really strong reviews. Don't get me wrong - this place has a lot going for it: -- Price relative to other options in this area of Chicago (not &quot;cheap&quot; however)-- Easy access to lots of leisure/shopping destinations in Chicago-- Free breakfast that was of decent quality-- Multi-room suites etc (which is the point of the Homewood brand - beyond just this one hotel...)But compared to other hotels of this type I stay in it: -- Has older bedding including the dreaded &quot;never washed&quot; bedspreads that are disappearing/gone from most upmarket hotel chains-- Older kitchens compared to newer Residence Inns, or Staybridges-- Flat panels without HDTV (what is the point?) -- My bathroom needed renovation - it was very dated and showing wear Bottom line this hotel looks like a &quot;partial&quot; renovation to me and is profoundly average. It feels just a step better than the older generic suite product from Marriott, Hilton, IHG. It does not pop like the brand new hotels they are building - with updated amenities and decor. Sorry folks for the &quot;studied&quot; eye of a road warrior. I bet this is a great fit for personal travel, especially with kids etc in this part of Chicago. But within this type of hotel and this specific brand there are much better locations.	
Jul 25 2007	Great Location . . . Will Stay Here Again!!!	My daughter and I just returned from our annual Chicago Trip to attend the Gift and Home Market. This was our first stay at Homewood Suites and I would definitely stay here again. We have stayed right on Michigan Avenue in the past, but prefer this location. It was quiet, the streets were not as crowded, and it sat right in the middle of all of our favorite restaurants. The hot breakfast buffet was wonderful! We had one of the smaller king suites and my only complaint was that the table area was too tight to spread out and work on. We would have been better with one of the larger suites. Other than that, our stay was perfect and the people were extremely friendly!!	
Jul 24 2007 	Great family hotel!!!	After reading many reviews here at TripAdvisor, we selected the Homewood Suites for our Chicago family vacation. As soon as we arrived we knew we had made the right choice! The staff are super-friendly and helpful. The room was spacious and they have recently installed plasma TVs in the living room which was a nice surprise. We had an &quot;accessible&quot; room which had a HUGE bathroom, nice when 4 people are trying to brush teeth and get ready at once. The bedroom was large and the bed very comfy. The sofabed was fine and our two kids alternated sleeping on the sofabed and the floor, We did not use the kitchen much but it is a nice one and a good way to save money since there is a full service Jewel-Osco grocery right around the corner. We were on the 19th floor in the rear and had a spectacular view of the Hancock Tower.The amenities in this hotel are much better than we expected. The pool is nice, with great views and towels at poolside so you do not have to bring them from the room. The elevators are some of the fastest we have ever seen. There is fresh coffee and fruit available in the lobby 24/7. The bellmen are extremely courteous and knowledgeable about the area and how to get around. They even have free golf umbrellas when it rains, which it did one night. The breakfast service is excellent, but it does get very crowded when the hotel is full. They do a good job of getting people in and out and keeping the food stocked. The rooms are big enough that you can get your breakfast to go and eat it in your room. They also serve dinner with wine and beer Monday-Thursday with a different menu every night, which is posted in the room. We ate there the first night and it was a nice salad bar with delicious gumbo soup and make-your-own sundaes. Saved some money and time - we ate early and had time to go walk Michigan Avenue later.The location of this hotel is also unbeatable. It is a very short walk to the subway, near many wonderful restaurants (we recommend the Rock Bottom Brewery) and a block from a movie theater and shopping center.Overall the Homewood Suites provided us one of the best family travel experiences we have had. We have always been big fans of the Marriott Residence Inns, but this Homewood Suites was far better than any Residence Inn we have stayed at.	
Jul 23 2007 	very nice	lovely hotel. great location. just down the block from free trolly stop.2 blocks from the red line subway. they give you a breakfat and a dinner each night. if you call they can tell you what is for dinner....soup and salad, chicago pizza, philly steaks ect each night is something different. they have a washer and dryer.the room has 2 tvs this is handy with kids. the king bed was very comfortable but the pull out sofa was very bad. you could feel every bar under the thin mattress. my kids are not fussy and it bothered them. the room and public areas were very clean.	
Jul 20 2007	Wonderful hotel	This was one of the best hotel experiences my family has had. We travel a lot and this place has everything: great location, comfortable beds, quiet rooms, full breakfast, &quot;happy hour&quot; and reasonable price. I highly recommend it.	
Jul 17 2007 	Will stay at Homewood Suites again!	We were very pleased with choice-had done much research prior to trip. Homewood suites centrally located, close to EL, valet parking reasonable, hot breakfast included, close to Michigan Ave.-we walked &amp; took bus &amp; El everywhere we went. Our room/suite was great - spacious,no outside noise, kitchenette. Concierge? was very helpful. We could not have been more pleased- definitely felt we got our $$ worth for Chicago &amp; will definitely stay again!	
Jul 10 2007 	Excellent value	DH and I spent 5 nights there for 4th of July week. We loved Chicago! We especially loved this hotel. When you go in, you register on the 6th floor (little weird). This a a comfortable hotel though, not your pretentious type at all. What it was lacking in glamour, it made up in hospitality. The people there couldn't be nicer. The rooms were fine for two. We ended up in a smaller suite, but that was fine for us. That's all they had for a 10AM check-in. I was just happy they had anything left for us to stretch our legs in. Now the true value came in the meals. Homewood Chicago offers you 2 meals (breakfast &amp; dinner) M-Th. They call them light meals, but I wouldn't. Each night is a different theme and they have sides galore, and even a keg of beer and bottles of wine each night. My DH loved the unlimited beer! This saved us so much money! We just thought that this was a great place for a family. The pool was a bit small and the fitness room too, but they include daily passes to Crunch gym next door. My DH said it was a great gym! So overall our expereience EXCELLENT!	
Jul 9 2007 	Excellent deal!!!	The stay was excellent. The amenities were more than we expected. Full continental breakfasts and dinner appetizers during the weekdays. Access to the Crunch gym on the main floor. Free Wi-Fi in your own room. The staff was very friendly and accommodating.Excellent location to the local restaurants and mass tran. Would definitely stay here again and would recommend it to others.	
Jul 8 2007 	Great Location-reasonable rates	We paid $159 for a two room suite ( on-line nonrefundable rate). It included all breakfast meals and dinner Mon-Thurs. Great perk with three kids! It was nice having the two rooms when the kids went to bed. We had a great view from the 14th floor. We could see the construction of the new Trump Tower. Everyone in the hotel had great customer service from the valets, to front desk, and food service workers. We were about two blocks off of Michigan Avenue, on the same block as ESPN Zone, across the road form Nordstrom's. We did take the trolley back from Navy Pier. It stopped right in front of our hotel. We walked to Navy Pier because trolley service didn't start until 10 am.	
Jul 2 2007 	Good Hotel	We stayed at the Homewood Suites for four nights 6/27/07 - 7/1/07.Pro'sVery hand location, close to Michigan Ave and the Red Line.Good sized suite with kitchenette.Several nearby grocery stores - Trader Joe's, Jewel Osco, another local one whose name I can't remember and not too far from a Dominick's and for some more upmarket ($$) shopping Fox &amp; Odell's temptations aren't that far away on Illinois.Included breakfast buffet was very suitable for us, but might be a little limited for those into a hearty/varied start to the day.Included Mon - Thurs evening food was very basic, but you could use it to stretch a budget or to provide salad/sides for the meals you put together in your suite.Excellent mattressCon'sDifficult to shut doorLoose flush lever on the room's toiletDelays for lifts at a few busy periods.Would certainly consider staying there again next trip.	
Jun 19 2007 	Good family place great service	We (family of 5 - 2 parents 3 kids) stayed here for 3 nights in mid March 2007. Coming from the airport, we chose to walk from the train - about 20 mins through the city. The hotel was easy to find and very welcoming. Our suite was well appointed with one room with two double beds and a pull out sofa bed in the lounge. There was a well equipped kitchen with fridge, microwave, toaster, coffeemaker etc. The accomodation was spacious, and we certainly felt that you could stay here in comfort for a week or longer.The room service was really helpful and excellent.The hotel was being renovated while we were there which meant that breakfast moved between two rooms. It really didn't matter to us and we found the breakfast more than plentiful, lots of fresh fruit, yoghurts, cereals as well as more calorific fare. The staff were friendly and very accepting of excited kids on the first day of the holiday wanting to try everything!!The hotel is well located for all the sights especially the magnificent mile and navy pier.Our best experience was when we were leaving to go to the airport, the doorman ordered us a taxi. When we got to the airport, my 13 year old discovered that her cell phone was missing. If you have a 13 year old, you will realise that this is a MAJOR deal. We contactd the hotel and they very helpfully checked the room - nothing. They put us through to the doorman, who knew the taxi driver, gave us his cell phone number. Sure enough the phone was in the car. He dropped it back to the hotel and they posted it on to us at no charge. You just can't beat that for customer care!	
Jun 9 2007 	Good Stay!	Large 2 room suite with a regular door you can close between the rooms. Full kitchen including full size refrigerator, 2 burner hot plate, dishwasher, all plates, cups, glasses,etc. Room could have been cleaner. Furnishings somewhat worn. Beds very comfy. There is a full grocery store (not a convenience store) 2 blocks away. Big families could really save some money here by making meals in their room. HUGE breakfast. During the week they also serve a full supper. One night they had noodles, chicken parmesian, veggies, assorted salads, ice cream, pudding, beer, wine, cans of soda, etc. Staff was very helpful with a few crabby exceptions. We often bumped into managers greeting us in the hallways, especially during the meals. The location is great. Price is reasonable for downtown Chicago.	
Jun 2 2007 	huge rooms perfect location great breakfast	Stayed here four nights at the end of May with two teens and a college gal. The rooms are very large, plenty of room for all those girls and their stuff! Big kitchen, two TVs, lots of space for families. The buffet breakfast is good, and a great deal. Hot buffet food, plus make-your-own-waffles during the week, many healthy choices including several types of fresh fruit. The evening meals were wonderful, hot buffet plus salad bar and healthy choices. Just perfect for recharging young people who've been sightseeing all day.We enjoyed the free wi fi connections in the rooms. Room was very quiet. The windows open! So pleasant for a little fresh air. The decor in the rooms is very very simple, but pleasant and quite clean.As others have stated, the location is perfect. A Nordstroms and Westfield mall are across the street, one block over to Mag Mile. Millenium Park is maybe 15 minutes walk, the major theatres are easy 10 minutes walk ... we walked to Wicked in heels, no problem. House of Blues 5 minutes, movie theatre around the corner, ESPN one block away, Water Tower area is a nice 15 minutes walk, or jump on the subway and be there in a blink. The subway red line is one block away, that is the line that gets you to Wrigley stadium going north, and to Chinatown and Museum Campus area going south.Hotel guests get complimentary use of the Crunch fitness center right next door ... excellent! Every type of equipment and group class that you could want, and they are very welcoming to Homewood guests.Hotel staff was very pleasant and helpful, although we only saw them at meals and check in and out, because we had zero problems and no hassles. I can highly recommend this hotel as a base of operation for families. Note that it is more serene (and you get fancier food) during the week, weekends are most hectic and busy because there are so many families in the hotel.	
May 18 2007 	GREAT HOTEL	I booked my hotel room on Hotwire and it was a great deal! This hotel is central to everything and there is a complimentary breakfast buffet every morning from 6:30am - 9:30am. My room was large! It had a king size bed, living area with a pull out couch, and a mini kitchen with a full size fridge.	
May 9 2007 	Perfect location Clean rooms	This is truly an excellent place to stay in downtown Chicago. A perfect central location within walking distance of many attractions and one block from the red line or bus stops for others. The full breakfast is great and the wait staff is superb. We did not try the free light dinner but it was a full meal not just appetizers. Rooms were very clean and comfortable and well kept up. Could not hear other guests through walls. The doormen/bellboys were also very helpful. I did get locked into the bathroom because the locking mechanism broke but they came right up and got me out. (Didn't come back to fix it while we were there though). We paid $215/night including all taxes and fees (booked through hotels website) An excellent value for a comfortable, clean room with free breakfast right in downtown Chicago. This would be a great place for a family to stay.	
May 3 2007 	We loved it!	My husband, son, and I stayed here for four nights. It was perfect for us. The view out our window was wonderful. I was amazed that the staff, was friendly, helpful and kind. (When do have that experience?). We loved that the internet, breakfast, and dinner were included. The room is exactly as pictured on their website. We were within walking distance of train stop. We were very pleased. No complaints.	
Apr 27 2007 	I love Chicago	The Homewood Suites was excellent. My wife and I recently got back from Chicago and the Homewood Suites heip make it a outstanding stay. From the great room to the free breakfast buffet every moring, you cannot go wrong making Homewood Suites your headquarters for the perfect Chicago vacation.	
Apr 26 2007 	Great location but a couple of problems - not bad	I was pretty pleased with the room and the staff. In particular, one front desk worker named Paula was extremely helpful in assisting us to locate same day tickets for a musical. My only serious complaint about the facility was that the telephone in our room (#1009) did not work at all - completely dead which we did not discover until the wakeup call we asked for failed to occur on our day of departure. Luckily, the alarm clock worked. Also, the breakfast room was overly crowded and we had to take our meals &quot;to go&quot; two out of four days we stayed there. The evening dinner service they offer Mon through Thurs was pretty bland fare but we were so hungry that it didn't matter. It was a welcoming touch and we just had enough to fend off starvation until we could get out later to find a decent pizza and beer which certainly isn't too hard to do in Chicago. Location was excellent. We love to walk around and this was perfectly central to everything we wanted to do - theaters, shopping, navy pier, close to CTA - really great. We also lucked out having perfect weather for four full days.	
Apr 25 2007 	Loved the people	My 4 friends just returned from a visit to Chicago last weekend. We had a great time on our annual girls weekend. We could not have picked a better hotel. The employees ( especially Rod , the Bellman), were very helpful. He helped us plan our activities, including recommending restaurants and a boat tour. The suites were clean and the biggest I have ever seen in a city. We had a full kitchen and living area. The bedroom and bathroom were quite large also. It is usually hard to find a hotel that can handle 5 in a room. We had room for 6. The full complimentary breakfast was terrific. The city is beautiful and the location of the Homewood Suites was perfect. We were able to walk to Michigan Ave.shopping, Navy Pier, restaurants and the John Hancock building. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Apr 8 2007 	Loved this property	I stayed at this Hotel from April 2 until April 6,2007, and I must say I wish I could have stayed longer. Great service form the Bellmen to the Front desk. The location is perfect for everything you go to Chicago for. The meals were perfect and delicious. and again the service was just like a five star restaurant. I cant stop raving about this place.	
Mar 31 2007	Absolutely Outstanding Quality 	Huge suite that included a full kitchen that had real full size appliances plus a living room complete with couch work desk and 27&quot; console television. There was a separate king size bedroom and bathroom that are equally large. The water pressure from the shower was outstanding. The wake up calls were precise. The bed was truly remarkable. The in-room Internet service is FREE!. The manager's reception nightly from 5PM to 7PM is a huge plus. I ate all my nightly meals there and spent very little on food for the entire week. One slight problem if you bring a car is parking. There is none connected to this hotel but across the street is an 11-story parking garage attached to Hilton Gardens but the price is $33 per day. I will stay here every time I return to Chicago which averages three to six days each month.	
Jan 23 2007 	Excellent all round experience!	We stayed here for New Years and I couldn't praise this hotel enough. Location was fantastic, the room was huge and welcoming. A real home from home feel about it. The complimentary breakfasts were very welcome and really set you up for the day and the evening meals always had something you could pick at even if you were going out later for a main meal. The doormen were always courteous and very helpful as were the staff on reception (even if they struggled with my accent at times,understandable though). One block from the subway and two blocks from most of the bus routes you'd need. The added bonus of having a washer/dryer available was a boon as you didn't have to worry about expensive laundry bills (I can imagine this aspect being utilised most by families with smaller children). All in all an excellent stay and would most definitely stay here again.	
Jan 5 2007 	Awesome stay!	We stayed here in December just before Christmas for two nights. We reserved a double/double suite as there were two adults and three kids. The room while not laviously appointed, was extremely clean and very functional especially for a family. We requested early check-in and were shown to our ready room upon arrival at 11am. Everything was exactly as requested.We also asked for a rollaway bed; it was delivered within five minutes.The free breakfast was a lot better than many hotels (it is a full breakfast) and worked out much better for our family than going to breakfast would have.Our kids loved the pool. The doormen were extrememly courteous and helpful not only with our luggage, but with directions, cabs, airport transportation as well.T^he hotel manager was actually on hand and accessible to guests during the breakfast time and other times. I can;t remember the last time I actaully saw a hotel manager asking guests about their stay. I would stay at this totel again in a heartbeat.	
Jan 2 2007 	Perfect for Families	We just returned from a two night stay and our family had a blast. Again, location, location, location. You are literally right in the middle of everything. Plus the staff were outstanding in their service and friendliness. Be aware of the steep parking fee and smallish pool. Still the Homewwod Suites is an outstanding value. Our room was immaculate and large. We are planning on returning during the summer.	
Dec 31 2006 	Great For Families	This hotel was perfect for our family that has preschoolers and teens. The location is close to Michigan Ave and transportation stops. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Starr at the front desk gave us very good directions for getting around and when we had a problem with our billing, she and another front desk employee (Adrienna) made sure that it was resolved for me. The manager was very nice, as well, and asked several times if we were enjoying our stay. Make sure you get directions from the staff because the CTA employees gave us wrong directions several times. The evening meal and breakfast get very crowded, so go early. The manager opened an extra room for diners and there are also take-out containers. I noticed on the menu in our room that it changes- we were there on Chicago Bulls day and there were sausages, chili, nachos, etc. I noticed that spaghetti, fish, pizza, etc. are offered other nights. Breakfast had cereal, oatmeal, waffles, eggs, sausage, potatoes, yogurt, etc. The coffee area (open all day) had hot chocolate, coffee, tea, and hot cider with cinnamon sticks. The hotel room was much bigger than other rooms I've had in Chicago. My preschooler could run around and my teen had his own tv. There was a nice view from the workout room/pool. Everything was clean. There is only valet parking for $35 and it is a hike, so expect to wait about 20 minutes for your car. The next time we go to Chicago, I will book a room at this hotel! This is a good hotel for families, couples, and singles.	
Dec 30 2006	Not As Requested/Assured	We pre-paid (no refunds) our 2 rooms on the internet and received a rate of $109 per room for 2 nights which is good for Chicago. I had requested adjoining rooms and early check-in at 12 noon. The rooms were not ready and we were told the check-in time is 4pm. No real effort was made to try and honor our requests after calling the hotel before arriving to be assured that early check-in would not be a problem. We were assured our requests would be no problem. The first room was finally ready at 3pm and was the smaller of the rooms we had purchased. They have several sizes of rooms and we had purchased the larger rooms. The adjoining room was not ready until 6pm and that was after another request had to be made to the front desk to get the room ready. No offer was made to reduce the price or offer any credits toward another stay. The location is great. The free food (Monday thru Friday) is just that---free. But, it is certainly not tasty. It is just food. This is a good place for families saving money (cheaper than the Embassy Suites). But, you should eat someplace else if you are in Chicago to enjoy good food. Plus, don't expect your advance requests to be honored.	
Nov 30 2006 	Good stay	The location is great, staff is friendly and helpful. The rooftop pool was a huge hit with my kids (3 and 6), and the exercise room was decent as well. We could have gone next door to the Crunch gym for free too, but were too busy stuffing ourselves at the great restaurants nearby to have time for that. Restaurants nearby include PF Changs, Pizzeria Uno, Rock Bottom brewery, Buca De Beppos, Rainforest cafe, Hard rock cafe, Cheesecake factory, and a great Thai place called Star of Siam. There's also a Jewel/Osco one block west.The rooms had a full kitchenette with fridge, stove, microwave, sink, toaster, coffee maker, plus utensils and dishes. Our room had a queen bed and a sofa bed, which was a bit smallish for the kids.	
Nov 28 2006 	Wonderful stay!	We just returned home from our stay at the Homewood Suites during Nov. 23rd-27th. We were in Chicago for a family reunion. We booked five rooms and only had a minor complaint. As all of the reviews indicate the locations is excellent! You are in walking distance of all of the major tourist attractions. Plus, we loved that it was so close to the redline and Unos Pizza.The customer service was exceptional. The bellmen were always extremely friendly and more than willing to answer questions or get a cab for you. I specifically would like to say thank you to &quot;Ryan&quot; the manager for making our stay personal and one to remember.The pool was nice for the kids in our group, but they did not have a spa.The breakfast was excellent. Each morning there was a large variety of options, including waffles you make on your own. I was very impressed with the variety and quality.Our rooms were perfect. The living room area is large and allowed for all of us to eat and socialize together.Overall, I would HIGHLY recommend the Homewood Suites. (We used our Entertainment card to get a great deal.)	
Nov 3 2006	Location Location Location	Real Estate's 3 words apply here. 2 blocks off Mag Mile, 1 block off State, 1 block to Red Line Grand station. Free internet, USA Today, impeccably clean, wonderful views, hot breakfast, and great staff.Only thing it lacks is a carport.	
Oct 18 2006	excellent choice for a family visit!	As everyone else says, the location is excellent. Not only is it very centrally located to trolleys and the 'L', but nearby is a chocolate factory that emits the most heavenly 'fresh-baked-brownie' smell into the streets surrounding the hotel in the evening. So, after a lovely day touring the city, we'd arrive back at Homewood and swoon over the lovely smell in the street (it doesn't enter the rooms or the building). None of the staff knew where it came from. They said it was the Hershey store, but that's all retail and quite a ways up Michigan Ave.To get there from O'Hare, you can take a cab (Around $20 pp shared ride) or shuttle (around $16-18 pp depending on how many in your party and if round-trip) or you can take the CTA (Chicago Transit Authority) blue line train which is $2 pp. The train (goes both above and below ground) is immune to the huge traffic backups and the ride takes about 45 min to get in to town at the 'Loop ' area. Transfer to the red line at Washington, go two stops to Grand, get out and up the stiars, and Homewood is a block away.From Midway, take the orange line in to the Loop area and transfer to the Red line and do as above.The free breakfast is wonderful. Several hot items, changed menu daily, all the usuall cold items, fresh (ripe!) fruit, very good for your family needs.At night, we ordered take-out from PF Changs. It's right on the corner. I'd bring it back to the room, then we'd order a movie in the room and have a lovely quiet evening out of the rain, resting our tootsies. I recommend the salt-and-pepper prawns, the name is strange but the taste is divine. And the side of spicy green beans. They aren't that spicy and they are delicious. I was happy to have the fridge and the microwave and utensils in the room to reheat our leftovers.Don't bother with the TV internet service. It is basically unuseable. Bring your laptop and use their free WiFi.Chicago. What a great town. My favorite discovieries, besides this hotel: the water fountain inside the Water Tower Place. It is very humorous! Your kids will crack up as they watch it and listen to it go bloop, bloop. Also, the Chicago Cultural Center, housed inside the former Public Library across from Millenium Park. Wow, the mosaic work and elaborate TIffany glass domes! Built at the turn of last century, when opulence was a goal, skilled craftsmen plentiful, labor cheap, and optimism high. Then came the stock market crash and the wars. If you love mosaic tile work, the Washington St entrance is one of the most beautiful examples in the word. Follow the amazing stairs all the way up to the fifth floor for the Bridge of Sighs replica.By all means, do everything in your power to see Wicked. What a terrific show! But I forgot to have my youngest ones prepared by having them watch the Wizard of Oz before we left, so they missed many of the references. That story has become quite a part of our culture, so it's important for kids to know about! Especially so that it's a good inside joke when you get off the plane on your return home, take a deep sigh and say, with everyone in unison, &quot;There's No Place like Home&quot;.I will most certainly return to this hotel....it made a great trip very easy to do!	
Sep 18 2006 	Good but a bit pricey for the service level	I stayed at the Homewood suites for three nights last week and had a good experience overall. There were some minor glitches and annoyances, but the staff went above and beyond trying to satisfy me. It seems some of the staff simply needed more training (there seemed to be a language barrier). Examples:One of the features that interested me about Homewood is that one can cook, which I love to do. Upon arrival, I noticed there were no pots and pans! Also, there was no sponge or soap (liquid or dishwasher powder) with which to clean anything if I did cook. There was no coffee, only decaf (BOO!). While there was a corkscrew, there were no wine glasses. I called the desk and, since it was late (10 pm), opted to dine out that night, but asked that the items in question be delivered the next day. Proper coffee and lovely pots and pans arrived, but no cleaning items. Also, I received JUICE glasses in lieu of wine glasses. I had a good laugh, but feel strongly that when you're paying $349 plus taxes per night, the staff should be able to distinguish the difference between juice and wine glasses. I called the desk again, and a very nice young man arrived with both red and white wine glasses and a sponge, as well as bottled water and cookies (peace offering). I was charmed and quickly forgave the error. Another negative was that while the front desk staff and housekeepers were very helpful, the gents at the concierge desk needed a little prompting. One in particular, Hanna, seems to resent being asked to do anything. Once asked, though, all of these guys seem to snap to it and hail cabs, book tours and say, &quot;Welcome back&quot;, when I returned after a day out.My room was on the 17th floor with a gorgeous view of the Wrigley building and a sliver-sized peek at the river. I was upgraded from a studio to a one bedroom without even asking. Very nice. My room was spotless and the bed was certainly the most comfortable of ANY hotel in which I've ever stayed!There are laundry facilities on the 7th floor (the hotel is floors 6-19 of the building), and a rooftop deck/pool on the 19th floor, with a great view! Guests are allowed use of the &quot;Crunch&quot; gym downstairs. I didn't partake of the breakfast offered in the morning, but it smelled great and fellow travellers seemed to rave. Monday-Thursday evenings, there is a &quot;happy hour&quot;, with food and beer/wine for free. The Mexican buffet one evening smelled terrific, but I was saving my appetite for dinner out. Room service is provided by P.F. Chang's restaurant on the corner--not a bad deal (their food is great).I would stay here again if I could get a better rate.	
Sep 5 2006 	You MUST stay here!	What a terrific place, honestly! The room was a 2-room suite with a full kitchen area. Separate bedroom area from the livingroom (which had a pull-out couch for our son). The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. In fact I've never seen people work harder to please. The free breakfast and dinner buffet included with your stay was such a nice bonus. Not a huge spread, but what they did offer was very good! The hotel is located on the &quot;free&quot; blue trolley line which runs year round to Navy Pier. The red line trolly is extremely close too. Hotel is across the street from Norstroms, and just down the block from the Weber Grill, where we ate one night. We walked to Millenium Park one day, another we walked back from Lincoln Park Zoo. It is a centrally located hotel, so cab fare is never overprice if you choose to travel that way. When we come back, this will be our 1st choice!!!!	
Aug 30 2006 	Great location would stay again.	We stayed at this hotel with two adults and three children. We were very impressed with the size of the suites (given the downtown location) and the fact they provide a real crib and not a pack and play. The breakfast was great and we were surprised that dinner was also offered during the week (not very gourmet but hey, it was free). The location can't be beat, (right across the street form Nordstrom) the staff were very helpful and the hotel was very clean. Would highly recommend it.	
Aug 20 2006 	Great location Good Value	My wife and I combined a business trip and pleasure trip the weekend of August 18-20, 2006. It was during the air show.This is a very good property in terms of location. Across the street from the Nordstrom's entrance on Grand Avenue, it is a an easy escalator ride up to street level.Withine one half a block is the Red Line Subway Stop which can take you to see Wicked. You can also buy transportation cards for buses.The six floor lobby is quiet. The street entrance can get a bit crowded with those checking out or in.The free breakfast is ok. When crowded, they will take your name and call you into a table when available. We did not have the nightly light meal offered. If like other Homewood Suitie Properties it is good for those not needing alot of food.Within one block is a grocery store. There are plenty of restereaunts within walking distance.The rooms are clean.One disappointment, it was raining one of the nights we took a cab back from dinner. The employees at the street level, watch my wife and I try to get out of the cab open an umbrella and not get drenched. All in all, for business or for a weekend this is a good value, large room, good location, and easy to travel from.	
Aug 15 2006	Great Hotel!!!	We loved our stay at the Homewood Suites Chicago. Their location to attractions and restaurants was perfect. The kitchen and separate bedroom was just right for our family. It was great to have a hot breakfast every morning right in the hotel. If only part of the family was ready for breakfast in the morning there were to-go containers available so food could be brought back to the room. In the evening we were able to enjoy a glass of wine or a beer before going out for dinner. We only ate dinner once at the hotel and it was nice and had everything we needed. The kids loved the pool and looking down at the cars passing on the street. I would highly recommend this hotel to other families.	
Aug 12 2006	Homewood Suites-Like being home	From the time that you pull up to the curb and until you check out, you will be treated like royalty. Your luggage is unloaded on the first floor and your car is valet parked. Check In is on the sixth floor. Although we originally felt that $35.00 per day was steep to park, you get that money back and more. First, your car is safe, and if it is during the week, you definetly don't want to self park.The manager's reception in the evenings (Mon.-Thurs) is incredible. The &quot;snack&quot; consists of a full course, hot meal. And, an open, self serve, bar. No room for restrauant food after spending two hours socializing. The breakfasts are even better, if that is possible. Eggs, ham, sausage, bacon, cereals, fresh fruit, danish, yogurt, juice, etc. And, you are served your coffee. No need to search for a table, as you enter the dining room, you are greeted by a staff member and assigned a table. If one is not available, you sit in the parlor sipping coffee until your table is ready. Normal wait, less that five minutes. The tables are cleared the instant they are vacated. The beds and pillows are the most comfortable that I have ever slept in. The kitchens are stocked with all of the utensils that you need to cook a meal (if you are so inclined). There is a complete Health Club next store that has literally hundreds of peices of equipment at your disposal(all included in your stay). You want for nothing at this hotel. I will be staying there again in September. The best Homewood Suites that I have stayed in.	
Aug 4 2006 	Great Location	Stayed at Homewood Suites for 3 nights 2 adults and one child.The staff was very friendly and helpful. The hotel itself was very clean and it was a great location to go to the theatre and to watch the cubs(we did both). 1/2 block from the redline.the hotel was full when we stayed . The only drawbacks were wating for the elevator!! and not being able to take advantage of the free meals. The room was small and the wasnt enough seating. we had to take to-go containers to our room and wait 10 minutes for an elevator to eat in our room. Overall hotel is great with great location.	
Aug 4 2006 	We will always stay here.	I am from Chicago but have lived in the southern part of the state for 20 years. This year I wanted my son (age 9) and husband to to see all the wonderful things the downtown area of Chicago has to offer. Our stay at the Homewood Suites was terrific. It is in a very safe area and is conveniently located close to great restaurants, shopping and grocery store. Our room was very clean and with a seperate living room with fold out couch and kitchette, it gave us plenty of space to enjoy our time the room also. We all enjoyed the great breakfast buffet with choices changing daily. The most pleasant surprise was the evening dinner buffet that included beer, wine, salad bar and dessert. It was a great way to unwind after be out all day. The food was very good and on both buffets you could get a to go box if you wanted to eat in your room. The staff was freindly and I observed how attentive they were at answering questions from other guests. The ESPN zone is downstairs and around the corner. We all had a ball playing all of the video arcade games. This is a very cool place for families to also hang out. The shuttle for Navy Pier is on the corner. We also did not have any trouble catching a cab directly in frount of the hotel. We hit all of the museums including the King Tut exhibit and the cost of a cab ride from the hotel never exceeded $9.00. The pool on the 19th floor has a beautiful view of the city. One of the neatest things was when my family came to meet us for dinner downtown They could not beleive the great location and all of the benefits the hotel had to offer. This hotel got the thumbs up from not just us out of town guests but from Chicagoans also. My girlfiends and I are planning a holiday shopping trip and this is deffinately where we will stay.	
Jul 30 2006	Great stay great location!	We stayed at the Homewood Suites in Downtown Chicago for 3 nights inearly July 2006. Almost everything about our stay was positive. We arrived early and our room was not ready yet, but they have luggagestorage, so we stored our luggage and headed out for the day. Our roomwas ready when we returned and check-in was easy. The bedroom had avery comfortable bed, although the pull-out sofa bed was not ascomfortable. The bathroom was nice and large, although there was not anon-slip mat to put inside the tub. Having the fridge was nice so thatwe could store some drinks or snacks. Breakfast in the morning was very good and there was a lot of food.Eggs, corned beef hash, sausage or bacon, waffles, fresh fruit, bagelsand yogurt. There was no need to go out for breakfast. The onlydownside to the breakfast is that the room is a bit small for all thehotel guests, so there is sometimes a short wait to get seated at atable.The staff was knowledgeable about the area and provided us with goodsuggestions for dinner (the Weber Grill restaurant and the Rock BottomBrewery are both very close by and both are really good).The ONLY unpleasant thing about our stay is the noise coming from thefloor above our room. We were on the 16th floor in a corner room andthere may have been a boiler room or utility room above us because therewas banging and noises like thunder above us almost all the time. Wethought to ask for a room change, but we just weren't in our room longenough for it to get really annoying.Check-out was simple and since our flight was later that night, westored our luggage all day and spent our last day out and about thecity.Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. It's one blockfrom Michigan Avenue and close to shopping, restaurants, trolley &amp; busstops and the El. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 26 2006 	Perfect Location for Shopping!	This is a great hotel for shopping. It was very clean. The food was good. Location was great, subway hop just 1/2 block away.	
Jul 11 2006 	Fabulous	This hotel is one of the best we have ever stayed in. The staff was incredible. They bent over backwards to help us out. Everything was spotless. I can't say enough about the great hot breakfast. So many choices...everything was delicious. The &quot;Welcome home&quot; reception in the evenings was enough to make a dinner from. The pool was warm, clean and had beautiful views. To top it off, wireless internet service is included free. Other hotels in the area charge as much as $16 a day. If you are planning a trip near the miracle mile, this is the place to stay.	
Jul 10 2006	Great Location and Good Hotel	We stay here anytime we goto Chicago. It's not the best hotel I've ever stayed but its pretty decent. We have to have a suite with 3 kids, so for the great location and large rooms we love it. Great breakfast and we've always had clean comfortable rooms without any issues.	
Jun 24 2006	An excellent hotel - no major complaints.	The Homewood Suites is a Hilton all-suites property located in a near-perfect location, tucked away in a retail area a couple of blocks away from Michigan Ave. There's not a grand entrance, but a small entryway that holds the elevators to go up to the lobby (6th floor; rooms are floors 7-19, which does lead to some reduction of street noise), some brochures and a few other odds and ends.The lobby area is actually quite lovely, with a &quot;lodge&quot;-like feeling that doesn't come off as impersonal and forced (in other words, it doesn't feel like a generic, chain attempt at a lodge feel.) There's cozy, plush couches in the lobby area and free coffee/tea available while you wait. The reception desk is at the end of the lobby and holds about two or three check-in desks. I was a little surprised, as while I was there on a fairly quiet day, I have to imagine that, with only a few check-in counters, there is a fairly decent line at times. Check-in was pleasant and uneventful (we did have to wait a few minutes, but that was understandable, as there'd been a convention in town that wrapped the night before), although the check-in time is a bit dismaying - a rather late 4pm.for a room.The room assigned was right by the elevator, but I didn't complain, as I'd paid less than half the $200-a-night price by luckily finding the hotel on Hotwire. There were a couple of instances where the elevator opening could be heard, but it was truly minor and really couldn't even be heard when the TV was on.The rooms themselves are quite nice, as the 1 bedroom rooms offer a large, open kitchen area, a living room with couch/chair and TV, bedroom w/additional TV, dressing area w/sink and finally, additional small area w/toilet and shower. The kitchen area is fully stocked, with dishes and some pots and silverware. There's also a dishwasher, microwave, oven, frig, plenty of cabinet space and small dining room table. The refrigerator has an ice maker in the freezer, so you don't have to wander down the hall. There's also a coffee machine.As for the refrigerator, there's a Jewel grocery store on State St. a few blocks from the hotel (half a block North of the corner of State/Grand, West side of the St.)Additionally, all of these things aren't jammed up together - there's quite a bit of space between the kitchen area and living room area. Didn't try the high-speed internet, but the sign noted it was now complimentary and there was an outlet right next to the dining room table/desk.The TV offered plenty of channels and the usual assortment of pay-per-view movies. Shower offered 4 different settings and the bathroom area was clean and generally well-maintained. Toilet was a tad noisy w/the tank refilling, but otherwise everything was fine. Overall, the room was fresh and new. The refrigerator was spotless inside and the entire kitchen area looked crisp and clean. Aside from what appeared to be a small drink spill stain on the rug that was barely noticable, the room did not seem worn in any way. The hotel was built in 1999, but 7 years has not seemed to do much to it, as it looked even a little fresher than that.The room didn't offer too much of a view (pretty, but nothing too astonishing), but given the location, I don't think any of the rooms in the building are going to offer too great a view, although some of the higher ups may be better off. You're definitely not going to be looking at a brick wall, but I think it's generally a look across at the nearby buildings, as well as some views of the surrounding area. The pool area on the top floor was quite pretty - not a giant pool, but a nice enough one that provided a pretty nice view of the surrounding area. There is also a mid-sized fitness room on that floor, as well. A very small laundry room is on the 7th floor. There's a small gift shop area next to the reservations desk.Homewood does also offer breakfast every morning from 7-10; there's a nice selection of eggs, meat, breads, pastries, cereal, juice, pop (because Diet Coke is part of a balanced breakfast, at least according to me) and more. What really surprised me was the extent of the area - the dining area is quite large and quite lovely; there's quite a bit of seating and you don't feel as if you're crammed in.Additionally, the hotel does serve a dinner reception from Monday-Thursday. Didn't try it as I was there on a Friday, but was impressed with the wide variety of options offered (there's a different kind of food each day, noted on the calendar on the refrigerator in the room.)Those who don't want to be in a hotel where there's a lot of kids running around being loud and unsupervised are probably not going to find that here. While family-friendly, the way that the hotel is set-up doesn't allow for a lot of run-around room and I'm guessing that more families opt for either of the nearby Embassy Suites properties. While I did like staying at the Marriott Residence Inn (another all-suites property downtown) a bit North of this hotel (the Residence by Water Tower Mall), this hotel seems much fresher and more modern and has more to offer.That said, I really did like this hotel a great deal. It's kept up well, comfortable, has a very nice staff, big rooms and a terrific location that is very close to Michigan Ave. without being right on it. There's also a subway a few blocks away at State/Grand. Definitely a good choice for families or travelers who are looking for additional amenities (kitchen, breakfast) and more space.	
Jun 10 2006 	Perfect hotel!	This was my third trip to Chicago and I finally found the perfect hotel! The location is excellent, walking distance to many sights and great shopping. Abundant restaurant choices within a few blocks. I was there for the GlobalComm conference and the shuttle buses to McCormick Place picked us up everyday right around the corner. I would advise against valet parking. The rates for that are very expensive, but a car is not necessary anyway. Our room was one of the smaller suites, but very cozy and well-appointed. The cleanliness was impeccable. The staff was friendly, efficient, and helpful. It was so convenient to have the full kitchen, complete with dishes, utensils, etc. Housekeeping even empties the icemaker before you check-in, so you get fresh ice. Housekeeping loaded and ran the dishwasher everyday. Fresh linens and towels were given everyday. The king bed was very comfortable with fitted sheets! Hotel beds with all flat sheets are a pet peeve of mine. Towels were thick and soft. Very nice pool on the top floor with a great view. We were on the 11th floor overlooking Nordstroms. We left the curtains open at night and the lights of the surrounding tall buildings made a nice nightlight. The free hot breakfast was phenominal...eggs, bacon, waffles, potatoes, all sorts of pastries, fruit, etc. It was great to get take-out trays and eat in the comfort of our room. We didn't try the evening manager's reception, but I will endeavor to do that next time. Wireless internet worked great on my Mac laptop. I was disappointed that no one helped with our luggage when we arrived, but they made up for it on our way out, watching for our airport shuttle and handling the baggage for us. I recommend the Cosi Restaurant across the street for lunch. Mary's Cafe down Grand Ave on the other side of Michigan is good if you don't want the hotel breakfast. Buca's Italian Restaurant on the corner is excellent, inexpensive, and very friendly. Overall, I couldn't have found a better place to stay.	
Jun 8 2006 	Good location wonderful breakfast	Stayed here on a Thu/Fri for a business conference. Great location - lots of restaurants and shopping within an easy walk. Hard to find when driving - sign is not very big at all. Valet parking is a deal - only $1/day more than parking myself - definitely worth it.Carpeting in room was a bit shabby, but bed was excellent and everything seemed clean. I did not use the kitchen except to keep some drinks cold, but everything appeared to be in good shape.I did not try the evening meal (only available the Thu I was there), but I did eat breakfast both mornings and it was VERY nice. You could make your own waffles, plus cereal, pastries, sausage, eggs, corned beef hash one morning, etc. Also fruit, juices, toast, yogurt, potatoes, etc, etc. It was the nicest included breakfast I've had in a while.Staff were very friendly, room was very quiet and had good drapes for blocking the city lights.Were I looking for something in that area again, I would definitely stay there.	
May 29 2006	We Love Homewood Suites	We stayed at the Homewood Suites on May 26 and May 27,2006 and absolutely loved it. The location was close to everything we wanted to do,the bed was fantastic,the staff extremely accomadating and the price comparable to other hotels nearby. We paid $199/Night. It was very convenient having the kitchenette at our disposal. We went to a nearby store(White Hen) and bought snacks, Milk, Pop,etc and had our refridgerator and microwave at our fingertips. The big surprise was the free breakfast in the morning. They told us there was a buffet breakfast,but we thought cereal and donuts. We were pleasantly surprised to find a full breakfast with eggs,potatoes, ham ,biscuits and gravy, juice,cereal ,everything we could possibly want....Our suite was pleasant and impeccably clean. We will definately stay there again .	
May 26 2006	Yuck!	My Dad booked us a hotel in chicago, I let him because he loves using the internet to save money. This time, we arrived at a dirty, tiny, almost falling apart suite for a week. We paid $350/ night and it was a stupid waste of money, The sheets were old and crusty and the blankets were coming apart. The kitchen was old and moldy. I hated it.Good luck!	
May 12 2006 	Reliable Hilton-Brand Lodging	Stayed here on business May 4. Also scouting for a family trip in August and this is the nicest of the three suite type hotels I visited. The Hilton quality control is evident in staff appearance and behavior, clean comfortable rooms, and create an overall good feeling about the hotel. Living room is a little tight in the suite (if the sofa bed were folded out it would be against the TV screen, the room is that narrow). Kitchenette is a nice touch and bedroom and bath were nice. Didn't avail myself of the breakfast or evening food/drink but that is a nice touch also. Rates vary: I paid $245 on this Thursday business stay but booked rooms for $170 for a Wed-Sun stay in August for my family, so check different dates, AAA discount, etc. to get best rate. Hotel is next to the train station for sightseeing.	
May 7 2006 	Great affordable hotel especially for a conference stay	I recently spent three nights here (should have been four, had it not been for airline problems) and was very pleased with the quality of the stay and especially with the kindness of everyone I encountered there. Although our rooms weren't ready when we checked in, we were given a bottle of wine and were treated very well. I happened to know that the hotel was fully booked due to a huge conference and I thought the hotel staff handled it very well. The breakfast was a full, hot breakfast and was very good. We didn't take advantage of the free dinner, etc. Our rooms were clean and in very good shape. They were sufficient for our stay and were very comfortable. This isn't high-end sophisticated romantic luxury stuff......but is great for a shopping or business trip. Location is terrific.	
May 1 2006	a real gem but shop for best rates	This was quite the find in Chicago. Good location (across the street from Nordstroms), hot breakfast included and clean &amp; quiet. The place was full of families and travelling school groups but we never heard any noise. Not the place for an intimate rendezvous! We had an amazing rate in January - when we went to stay again in April it was triple the price.	
Apr 28 2006	Good value nice location	Our family of four stayed three nights and were very satisfied overall. Good location in town walking distance to Michigan Avenue shops, John Hancock Building, Navy Pier, free trolley and other public transportation. Rooms and public areas were clean with nice decor and great views. It was slightly less expensive than other area hotels, and the free breakfast made it an even better value. Food at the weekday &quot;dinner&quot; was mediocre, but we enjoyed having a free beer or soda and chips during that time. Free high speed internet access worked well, and complimentary admission to the Crunch Fitness next door (including classes) was the icing on the cake. Rooms on the small side even though we had a larger 1 BR suite. Not enough storage for a group of four (one three-drawer dresser and a closet with 10 hangers). Kids enjoyed pool on top floor - great views. Only real complaint - we had our bags held after check out while we did some sightseeing, and were assured they would be placed in a secured area. When we returned hours later, they were behind the bellman's stand in the first floor entrance area - not exactly what I'd consider secure considering it is open to the public and not always attended. Fortunately, nothing was stolen and we had a laptop in one of the suitcases.	
Mar 8 2006	great stay	Clean rooms, Great breakfast, Friendly staff, Great location,Nice pool(a bit small but it's a pool)I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jan 1 2006	Pool and a Hot Breakfast make this hotel stand out!	This hotel is a pretty good value. We had a king bed in the bedroom, a large bathroom, and a living room/kitchen with a pull-out sleep sofa that was actually comfortable. The kids loved the cookies, bottled water, and popcorn they give to their guests. The location is excellent. Bloomingdales, Nordstrom, ESPN Zone, and several great restaurants are within a few blocks. A free trolley runs to Navy Pier. There are a few drawbacks that have been mentioned earlier. DO NOT USE THE VALET PARKING!!! Some things we put in our storage compartment were scattered on the floor of our van. Forunately we didn't leave anything of value in our van and haven't noticed anything missing yet.	
Dec 15 2005	Best value downtown	Stayed at the Homewood suites for a weekend (Nov 11) and it was just fine. Good location, good condition, clean large rooms, very nice having a kitchen and separate rooms. No complaints at all. I'd stay there again anytime.	
Nov 14 2005 	Best Overall Value without major sacrifices	This is the best value for the dollar of any downtown hotel, and that's coming from a pickey,critical and frugal traveler. I will try to stay there whenever I'm in Chicago again - and I researched tons of places. The good: 1.Prior to check in I had requested a corner room 'X18' as all the '18's' are corners. Check in was smooth but room wasn't what I'd requested. I called the desk and they changed the room right away without any hastles. Had 2 great views of downtown lights and it was quiet 2. The room was clean on arrival, cleaned properly daily (I leave small coins around to see how good the cleaning crew is), and the linen was changed daily (I put little &quot;x's&quot; on the corners - told you I was pickey).3.New soaps daily too.4 large refrigerator for ice and leftovers. 5. staff was friendly and willing to help with directions and suggestions of where to buy things from wine to restaurants to take out. 6. location great - I could walk everywhere downtown, but not to the convention center 7. the breakfast provided was really very nice and included everything - eggs, cereal, yogert, fruit, juices, breads/rolls/bagels/etc., coffee, skim milk, tea, etc. with bananas,oranges,apples you could take out (for lunch).You could even get a take out plate to fill up with breakfast if you wanted to take it back to your room! 8.the afternoon/early evening food included beer/wine/sodas + snacks + light dinner, like baked potatoes with your choice of multiple toppings for example. You could really altogether avoid restaurants if you wanted to. 9. both elevators worked fine. The downside - well,1. the bathrooms are tile and not travertine marble and there's no phone by the side of the toilet 2. the shower head was about 7' high and the rotating pulser didn't work well on all settings 3. the bedroom is small - I could stand on the bed and reach 3 of the 4 walls. 4. sitting area had couch, chair, coffee table, TV on stand, writing desk and chair but was on the small side 5. decoration with silk ivy plants is not to my taste. None of the negatives were very egregious in my book.	
Oct 30 2005	BEWARE of the valet service	I stayed there for 2 days/3nights and had parked my car in the valet service. It was a nice hotel but when it came to getting my car out my watch was missing. The managers, well 1 of 5, tried to help me but the others were inconsiderate. They said there was nothing I could do except file a complaint. I did that and 2 months later still nothing. I for one will never go back to this hotel. It was very disappointing that the valet service would steal your precious belongings.	
Oct 10 2005	Very nice downtown hotel	The Homewood is an excellent choice if you are going to be staying in downtown Chicago. All hotels are expensive in the city, but you get a lot for your money here. The suites are spacious, with a full kitchen, desk, couch, and television in the entry room, and then a separate bedroom with very large attached bathroom. As others have mentioned, the lobby to the hotel is actually on the sixth floor, but the friendly valets will direct you up there. Since all the rooms are on upper floors, you should have some kind of view of the city from every room. They serve a light &quot;dinner&quot; in the evening, and then a hot breakfast buffet in the morning with eggs, biscuits and gravy, bacon, sausage, etc. And unlike most free hotel breakfasts, they have servers bring coffee for you! The location is quite good, with a train stop right across the street. The Homewood is right in one of the main shopping districts of Chicago as well, with Nordstrom directly across the street and many other stores and restaurants within very short walking distance. It doesn't necessarily have the feel of a &quot;five-star&quot; hotel, but if our experience was representative, you should expect a very nice stay at a reasonable value.	
Sep 20 2005	Good location family orientation	If you're visiting Chicago with a family, this is a perfect place to stay. You'll have room to spread out and many Chicago attractions are within walking distance. The entrance is hard to spot from the street and is very cramped. That's because the lobby, which is very spacious and welcoming, is actually on the second floor. There are only two elevators, which were usually crowded because of the number of families staying. We had to get adjoining suites because no two-bedroom accomodations were available. (This seemed unusual to us.) However, the hotel was very helpful in making sure our suites were next to each other, which was quite an accomplishment over Labor Day weekend. You'll be a couple of blocks from the free trolley - a great way to get to the loop - and Pizzaria Uno is right across the street. You can put your name in, go back and relax, and show up for your pizza an hour and a half later. Everything, including lodging, is expensive in Chicago but this is worth it.	
Aug 29 2005	Great deal and location for families	I stayed here with my husband and 2 children ( 4 and 1) for 2 nights recently. It was a perfect location, close to the free trolley and regular bus lines, a couple blocks from Michigan Ave, right in the middle of the downtown area.The kitchen area was great - full size fridge, oven, microwave and a dishwasher. We did not have any problems with noise, and the living room area was big enough to pull out the sofa bed for my 4 year old and set up the pack-n-play for my 1 year old with no problem at all. The free breakfast was good -- several options, eggs, french toast, potatoes, several cold danish/doughnut selections, cereal, fruit, etc. We didn't have trouble either morning getting a table, but as others have said, you can also get takeout containers and take it back to your room. I'd definitely recommend this hotel to families and anyone looking for a good deal on a hotel in the heart of downtown. We will definitely stay again when we return to Chicago.	
Jul 23 2005	Home(wood) away from Home	We had reservations at Hilton Garden Inn over July 4 weekend but due to a flight delay we were moved to The Homewood Suites. The rooms were good size, very clean and super quiet. The staff was courteous and helpful. The location was perfect. We were able to walk most everywhere we wanted to go, including Grant Park, the Museums, Navy Pier, shopping, and restaurants.The price was reasonable and included a breakfast buffet each morning. On Sunday the wait was quite long for a table but we were provided with carry out containers and enjoyed it in our suite. Elevator waits could be long when large groups were checking in. I chose to take the stairs (to the 19th floor) rather than wait.Great view from our room.	
Jul 21 2005	Great stay at Homewood	My husband and I stayed at the Homewood Suites Mon-Wed the 2nd week in July. The location is superb. The free breakfast hit the spot each morning, even had to-go boxes to bring it back up to our room. Having a fridge, microwave, dishwasher and stove made it more &quot;homey&quot; for us. We popped popcorn one evening (complimentary) too. $35 a day to park was the only drawback. I would definitely go back.	
Jul 9 2005	"5 Star" In my book!!!	Absolutely nothing to complain about. Location was #1. Talk about convenience. Trolley to Pier right outside your door. From O'Hare we got off the red line, went up the steps and our hotel was right there. Shopping and Mich Ave is just steps away. Facility is new and pristine. Our suite was on the 17th floor. Large, spacious and spotless with a gorgeous view of the Wrigley Building and the Chicago River. The furniture is all brocade and the carpet is beautifully carved. I never heard of a hotel offering a full hot breakfast with everything you can imagine, to a full dinner in the evening (Mon-Thur) including beer, wine, and dessert. The pool is a large olympic size lap pool with ample towels and bowls of fruit everywhere. The building is very upscale with an outside doorman and bellman. Free internet service and our suite was so quiet I felt like I was in a soundproof room because the A/C is almost silent and works very well. What more can you ask for. People who find fault with the hotel have to get their head examined because this facility is flawless. I will always come here when I stay in Downtown Chicago. The service is excellent and front desk is extremely respectful and friendly. I work in the hospitality industry and wish that all my encounters were as pleasant as this at The Homewood Suites. Very well run! Thank You	
Jul 5 2005 	Good Hotel with a Few Problems	Stayed at the Homewood Suites for one week in late June/early July 2005, at a price of $149. per night. This all-suite hotel has an excellent location two blocks from Michigan Ave. and two blocks from a subway stop. Shopping and restuarant choices are within easy walking distance. The hotel occupies the 6th-19th. floor, and I very strongly recommend asking for a room on floors 15-19 for the view as well as the noise reduction at those heights. (Do NOT get stuck in suites 706 or 708. Both these rooms are adjacent to the hotel's one coin-op laundry room for guests. By the way, the washers and dryers worked very well!) Homewood offers a good hot breakfast buffet, but it can get crowded at times. Each suite includes a full-size refrigerator and a mike in a separate kitchen area. The shallow pool on the 19th floor is also very nice - the area has stunning views of The Loop. The room air conditioning also worked very well and was rather quiet. Problems with the hotel and my stay in it included: long waits for the two elevators; minor problems with the maid service; and a stains on the rapidly ageing carpet and furniture. Also, the mattress, pillows and bed linens were subpar - even for an older budget hotel. Please be aware thateach &quot;suite&quot; is only large enough to comfortably accomodate 2-4 persons. You should be able to get a good deal at this hotel - there were many empty rooms during my stay. Their business seems to largely depend on tour groups and conventioneers.Recommended - with a few reservations - to those on a budget.	
Jul 5 2005	Excellent stay at the Homewood Chicago	We visited Chicago the last week of June 2005, decided to extend our stay for a couple of days. The Hilton was full due to the July 4 weekend crowds, but the registration clerk at the Hilton suggested and booked the Homewood suites. This was an excellent find for us. We had a two room suite with a kitchenette. The beds were BIG and comfortable, lobby nice and service excellent, even though the hotel was very full. The pool was really nice also- glass enclosed on the nineteenth floor with an excellent view. Breakfast was included. We had an excellent rate of $189, but I think that it was the weekend rate. I think this was a real great stay, especially if you are traveling with kids and want more space than just a hotel room provides.	
Jul 5 2005	Great location / OK hotel	We stayed at the Homewood Suites for 3 nights over the 4th of July weekend. The location of the hotel is excelllent. It is two blocks from Michigan Avenue. There is a subway (red line) one block west. The room size was OK. The configuration of the room was not great. Access to the bathroom was through the main bedroom which is not the best setup if you have a family. The Embassy Suites that I have stayed in have the bathroom with a separate entrance which is a better setup. There is some kind of problem with the water system in the hotel. It was very noisy (loud clunking and banging) when guests were using their showers or bathrooms. This was not wonderful when the folks next door were using their shower at 3:30AM. The hotel was pretty busy and there was a long wait for the elevators on occasion. There is a great Crunch gym next door which is free to hotel guests. The pool in the hotel was very nice. Overall it was an OK stay but it definitely could have been better.	
Jun 2 2005	A Great Place for Families	This hotel is great for families, especially with young kids, especially those on a budget, because it has:1. A nice swimming pool. #1 on the kid satisfaction list.2. Free, full breakfasts seven days per week with a variety of hot and cold foods.3. Free &quot;business receptions&quot; Mon-Thurs evenings. What that really means is a free, hot buffet supper (choices more limited, sometimes less tasty than breakfast).4. Full kitchens in the room with microwave, stove, dishwasher, sink and real (empty! no mini-bar!) refrigerator. 5. A very nice city grocery store (Osco/Jewel) only two blocks away to stock your kitchen (if you want). 6. A separate bedroom for mom and dad. We pulled the mattress out of the fold-out couch in the &quot;living room&quot; and put it on the floor. Our two young kids enjoyed &quot;camping out,&quot; everyone got a good night's sleep, and didn't all have to go to bed at the same time or get up at the same time. 7. A great location: two blocks west of Michigan Ave shopping and bus service, one-two blocks south of &quot;Restaurant Row,&quot; and one block north of the east-west bus to Navy Pier.8. Free wireless internet access.9. Small workout room in hotel, plus free access to large workout facility (&quot;Crunch&quot;) next door (get away from kids while they swim with other parent.)10. Nice, basic clean rooms. Once you pay the room rate (about $200) and the garage fee ($35), your other costs are totally under your control: eat hotel food, eat your food, eat out cheap or eat out well. Use your car, take the bus, take a cab, take a train, ride a boat. With the free breakfast, you can get the kids up, going, fed and to a museum on the bus by 10 am.The Homewood Suites can be your &quot;home away from home,&quot; but it's not the place for a honeymoon (with a kitchen! Get real!) or a romantic getaway or a place that caters to your every whim. Bring your guidebook or your computer and do your homework. Recommendations:Get a CTA Visitor Transit Pass (2, 3 or 5-day) at the Marriott Hotel gift shop next door. Get a transit map or print one out from the computer.Have a Lincoln Park Zoo day: take bus 146 from Michigan Ave. to the Lincoln Park Zoo. Walk the zoo, the farm, the Conservatory and the Cuthbaert Nature Museum (with the butterfly room). Then go to the nice playground across the street and one block south from the main entrance to the zoo to wear out your kids for a good night's sleep.The Wendella Tours boat dock is only four blocks from the hotel where Michigan Ave. meets the river.	
Apr 25 2005	Great Price and Location	My wife, 2.5 year old son and I traveled to Chicago on vacation from 4/14-4/21/05 and stayed the seven days at the Homewood Suites. It was perfect for us. Like other suites we have stayed in (i.e. Residence Inn, Hawthorne Suites, etc.) the suite had a small kitchen, living room and bedroom. Our son stayed in the living room on the sofa-sleeper while my wife and I stayed in the room. It was very private and worked out great. The room had a good view of the river and the River North. The location was great, close to Michigan Ave and shopping as well as various restaurants, including Joe's Steak and Crab, Pizzeria Uno, ESPN Zone, etc. The Red line (i.e. subway or &quot;L&quot;) was only about a block away. Moreover, the great thing about the hotel was that they provided breakfast 7 days a week and from M-Th dinner as well. The best thing about this aspect is that they provided take out boxes if you wanted to bring the food up to your room! That was very convenient something that I never received at either Hawthorne Suites or at the Residence Inn. What I would do is wake up and go down and bring up food for my wife and son while they continued to rest. Please note that although the staff was generally nice and attempted to be helpful, this is NOT the Four Seasons so don't expect it to be. For example, the staff does not make reservations at restaurants, but will give you the phone number. Again, for the price ($139/nt, a discount if you stay at least 7 nights), it wasn't that big a deal anyway. The telephone system worked out well, too. They do not charge if you are dialing a number in that particular area code (i.e. within the loop). If I visit Chicago again, I would definitely stay at and recommend the Homewood Suites.Also, I would recommend taking the subway from O'Hare to the hotel. You would take the blue line (the entrance is right at the baggage area, if flying AA) transfer to the red line at, I believe, Washington, going North, and two stops later you get off and walk to the hotel a block. The only issue is that with a young child, it was a little bit of a walk going down stairs through a long tunnel and back up some stairs on the transfer, but for $1.75 a person (verses $35 for a taxi) you can't beat the price! Also the subway is fun for the kids. Just be careful about various individuals traveling the subway, like any other big city. Watch your bags, wallets, etc.As for getting around the city, overall, I realize that Chicago is not that convenient a city to get around. It is actually fairly confusing. The subways don't really go near many of the museums. The bus seems a bit more convenient, but the system is a bit confusing. Taxi apparently is one big way to travel, but the cost can be an issue. We found walking to be fun and rather enjoyable, albeit tiring, but it was a nice way to get familiar with the city. As for restaurants, I would recommend Joe's Steak and Crab. Very good food, nice service. Our waiter was Scott and he treated us well. We also ate at Morton's and I believe that Joe's was by far a better steak place and the price was a little better. As for pizza's I personally liked Pizzeria Uno, it was very very convenient as for the location. Just be prepared to wait for a table or for pizza about an hour. My wife liked Lou Minati (sp?). We didn't particularly like Gino's East as much. The pizza was so so and the price was about $5 more. As for museums, we got the city pass and actually went to all 6 destinations. The best museum for kids was the Museum of Industry and Science. To get there, we took the Metra which was $2.05. We would walk down Michigan Ave to the Metra station right across from the Cultural Center and got a ticket. Just remember the Metra is similar to Amtrak and that there are certain times that the train comes. It is NOT like the subway. So we had to wait about 45 minutes to get on one of the trains. It dropped you off about .5 miles from the Museum (I cannot recall the actual Avenue to take...59th?) and it was a nice short walk. The museum is great for kids who enjoy trains, airplanes, etc. My son loves trains and they have an incredible toy train system going as well as two other trains within the museum. You could spend a number of hours at the museum so plan accordingly.Museums that I did not particularly like was the Adler Planetarium, rather boring. The Aquarium was nice for kids as well. I would say that it was probably comparable with the Monterey Bay Aquarium. The dolphin show is okay. Field Museum was okay. Probably better for older kids. I was surprised in seeing that their dinosaur exhibit was just okay. Sue was nice to see (the T-rex), but other than that, they didn't have much else in the way of dinosaurs. I did feel, however, that the Field was better than the Natural History Museum in New York. The actual exhibits seemed more up to date than that of the NHM in New York. The Art Institute really is not for kids. We went there and my son did well, but he got bored pretty quickly. The Hancock Observatory is nice as well. The dates we went to these museums, there were no lines and we had a great time overall.As for other things to see and do, I would recommend the Wrigley Field tour, neat inside look of the stadium. You get to check out the locker rooms, dugouts, field, press box, bleachers, etc. We also took the Wendela cruise line that takes you onto the lake and on the Chicago River and that was great. The cost for the 90 minute tour is the same as the 60 minute tour and it takes you onto Lake Michigan. I would recommend this. The cost was $19 a person. Another great place to take the time out for is the Lincoln Zoo. It's actually a very nice well kept zoo and it also is free! To be quite honest, I've been to the San Diego Zoo a number of times, and although the SD Zoo is much larger, I actually prefer the Lincoln Zoo. The size is not as huge, the atmosphere is actually nicer and it is pretty kid friendly. To get to Lincoln Park, however, is a bit difficult, so I would recommend the bus. the subway goes nowhere near this location. You could walk, but that is a pretty difficult trek from the River North.One further thing to note when traveling with kids, child seats are apparently required. So if you plan on taxi or renting a car, keep this in mind. That's one of the reasons why we walked a lot and took the bus or subway. Seven days is a good amount of time in Chicago. If we had another 2-3 days we would have had the chance to take a look at Oak Park (home of one of the Frank Lloyd Wright homes), some of the colleges (i.e. Northwestern and U of C), or taken a trip to either Wisconsin or Indiana. In fact, the Lincoln Museum apparently just opened up while we were there, but Springfield is probably a good 3-4 hours away by car. Hope that helps.	
Mar 8 2005	Excellent Hotel	My husband and I were truly pleased with our stay at the Homewood Suites in Downtown Chicago. It was in a great location and we had no problems finding our way around the area. We got a great rate which was quite fitting for all of the amenities and services that were provided. The staff was very friendly and helpful and it was a joy interacting with them. Our room was quite cozy and comfortable and we had a great veiw of the city from our room window. If we are ever in the Chicago area again we will surely be looking at Homewood Suites as our first choice.	
Feb 2 2005	Very Nice Place	I stayed at Homewood Suites for a weekend in January. I was very impressed for the price that I paid. The staff was very friendly and the room was clean and larger than expected. Plus, I loved the fact that I could walk right across the street and straight into Norstrom's and it's attached mall. I have stayed at more &quot;luxury&quot; hotels in Chicago, that might provide a more pampered feel. However, you cannot beat the price of Homewood for the room size and location.	
Jan 2 2005	A really good spot for the money	Our second visit taking our three grade school age children. Lived in Chi. for 10 years and know the neighborhood well. Hotel is easily accessed by car, and is about 4 blocks southwest of the major traffic messes in Streeterville and around Chicago and Michigan Ave. . The valet cost is average for the neighborhood - your car will be several blocks away. The doormen are helpful. The best thing about this place is the location. Steps from Mich Avenue, Nordstroms, an easy walk to Water Tower, American Girl, etc. Plenty of choices for restaurants within a block or two. If you want you can walk to Millenium Park - not too far. Hotel is one block from the subway. The rooms are 1980's vintage, but clean. Lots of room in the suites for a family, and the kitchen is nice to have if you have young ones. Actually a nice view on the higher floors. The lobby / front desk is always understaffed. The &quot;free buffet&quot; is mobbed if the hotel is full, but you can take your food in styrofoam containers back to your room if there are no tables. Nice coffee service all day with fruit, in the lobby. Access to the nice Crunch fitness center in the lobby is free, and it is very nice. The pool on the roof is small but has a beautiful view of the city. There is a small workout room on the top floor as well. PF Changs delivers room service, but save the tip and go down and pick it up yourself. Overall, nothing fancy, but nice enough with a great location. With the money you save go shopping at Nordstrom's mall.	
Dec 8 2004	Great location but be prepared to walk!	We stayed at Homewood Suites-Chicago in early December 2004 so we could do some Christmas shopping and enjoy the lights on Michigan Avenue. This hotel has the perfect location for such a trip. Our room was a small suite and a maintenance man had to come move things around to pull out the couch for our kids, but the room was clean and don't they say it's Location, Location, Location. This hotel is within walking distance to nearly everything which is what we wanted. The complimentary breakfast is good and plentiful with eggs, fruit, sausage, etc. It was crowded, but we didn't have to wait. The only negative we encountered was the elevator. The hotel is 19 stories. We were on the 16th floor and the lobby/restaurant is on the 6th. With people checking out and going to breakfast, it was busy and one elevator was broken! There were many unhappy visitors that day and we ended up walking UP 10 flights and almost walked down all 16 after waiting at least 15 minutes for an elevator! That was the only really negative thing. They need to work on fixing this issue. Otherwise it was great!	
Nov 30 2004	great place	this was a great location not too far from downtown or the Mag. mile.Our room was clean and very nice with a separate bedroom and a living area and kitchen (which we did not use)- too many great restuarants in chicago. The only slight problem we had was a breakfast- very crowded, but the hotel was very accomodating. we stayed for 4 nights and would go back again.	
Nov 21 2004	Great value great stay 	We stayed here for a week in November when it was very busy in town due to many big conventions. Most nights the Homewood was booked full, but we had no problems or complaints. On the contrary, we moved rooms once with their help and little inconvenience.Rooms on the north side are spacious, much larger than the Embassy Suites or any downtown hotel rooms. Over 600 sq ft. We preferred the room on the south side, though smaller, because we liked its &quot;feel&quot; plus most rooms on the south sides offer great city views. The Embassy Suites and most downtown hotel rooms have almost no views. Having been in both, we preferred the Homewood to the Embassy though the Homewood cost less. The Embassy has better quality rooms (recently redone) whereas the Homewood shows a bit of wear (5 years old), however the Homewood Suites are bigger and have windows with views in both the L/R and bedroom. The Homewood also features a full kitchen instead of a small galley. It feels like a small apartment instead of a hotel.All staff were very helpful. The buffet breakfast was always well-stocked, right up til the last minute. The free light evening meals exceeded our expectation - not great entrees but okay, plus good salads, rolls and delicious cakes or pie, and wine or beer too! Chicago is very expensive to eat, so we saved a fortune on breakfast and dinners, by eating in a few days and treating ourselves out some other days.In contrast to earlier reviewers, the elevators were adequate, and always worked fine. Wireless high-speed internet is available for FREE, and local phone calls are FREE. WOW! If you dont have a card for your laptop, they lend you a wireless internet gateway. We used that and it worked flawlessly.They also have complimentary tea &amp; coffee &amp; fruit in the lobby 24/7. It's in a perfect location and yet it was very quiet.	
Oct 23 2004	Homewood Suites a winner!	My husband and I stayed at the Homewood Suites by Hilton for a week beginning Oct. 14. We were very pleased with the spacious, clean suite. The staff was unfailingly polite and helpful. A plentiful complimentary hot breakfast was served daily, and on Monday-Thursday they served a free, basic dinner from 5-7 pm, as well as free wine and beer from 5-7.The only complaint we had was that the kitchen was sparsely appointed; just one skillet and a couple pyrex dishes, so you really couldn't cook much of anything. Other than that, the room was great! And the hotel is also very conveniently located, just one block from the subway. For a rate of $139/night (for a week stay), we feel the Homewood Suites are a great value.	
Oct 8 2004	Will not stay at Homewood Suites by Hilton Again.	My husband and I made the mistake of staying at Homewood Suites on our wedding night. It was a terrible disappointment -- especially since our bill for just sleeping there was over $200! We were supposed to have a bottle of champagne, chocolate roses, fruit, and flowers waiting for us in the room when we got there. All we found was a big stain on the carpet. The management was gracious and gave us a discount. I would not stay there again or recommend the hotel. For this amount of money you can stay at the Drake.	
Aug 26 2004	A big disappointment!	I would not stay at this hotel again. The location is great but we encountered quite a few problems. We were unfortunate enough to be there when there were many children and large groups. There are only 2 elevators to service the guests and often times one of them would be closed for repair. We did not have our room cleaned everyday and had to call at 3:30 pm on one occasion to have someone come up and give us towels and make the bed. We were in the room when she arrived and the only thing she did in the bathroom was to pick up the soiled towels. The breakfast foods were demolished as soon as they were put out and many times were not restocked. Perhaps at a less busy time my impressions would have been more favorable.	
Aug 9 2004	Homewood Suites- Majorly Disappointing	This was a good location, but the hotel did not deliver what it promised. We visited July 28...a group of 6 women, 2 rooms,5 days. We called several times to make sure we had double rooms with sleeper sofa. The reservation changed when we got there. A HUGE group on a family/revival meeting was booked there- many kids, etc and it seems they got preference on everything. On the breakfast buffet, these people wiped out the food on 2 occasions within about 45 minutes. They never restocked some of the food. Didn't they expect that? Another huge problem is that you must take elevator to floor 6 (lobby) then use your room card to get to floors. Stupid- anyone could access the hotel at that point. But half the time, one of only 2 elevators was not working, and we would spend 20 min downstairs waiting to go up. I walk, I would have easily taken steps to upper floors, but was NOT allowed. Other times, the elevator would skip our floor or change directions!The staff was half courteous, the other half truly rude. The only good thing about this property is the gym next door, Crunches, which you may use as a guest. Great facility. We were quoted 2 different prices on our room. We had leaky toilet and a bad bathroom outlet which were checked on in decent time, though inconvenient. Maid service was good 2 days, one day she did not clean bathroom or kitchen. Sheets were not changed on 2 occasions. We constantly had to ask for more towels. Just one thing after another. I liked having the kitchen and frig- though I would hesitate to return here again given the attitude of the staff. I don't think the amount you pay should have an impact on politeness of service staff, no matter where you are.	
Aug 5 2004	Homewood Suites- A GREAT HOTEL	I stayed 4 nights at the Homewood Suites on Grand Avenue. It was an excellent location between Michigan and State. Within easy walking distance of most attractions. I reached the hotel from the airport by the subway system and never took a taxi the whole time there because of the excellent location. The room is a suite with a kitchen, small living room and a room with a king size bed. It also included a free full breakfast with a great variety of foods.I would definitely stay at this hotel again. The staff was nice. The only problem I had was with the initial arrival. I got there at noon and check in is 4. You go to a concierge desk on the first floor and the registration desk is on the sixth floor. The concierge asked me to come back at 4, but I asked could I go up and check and when I did, my room was available and I checked in. Staff is nice and efficient. I also got a deal on the room from their website of $109 per night. That is a great rate for Chicago. Central location, excellent breakfast and good service makes it a recommendation for a future stay.	
Jul 22 2004	Wow! what a deal!	My husband and I spent a night at the Homewood Suites, Chicago downtown. Such a deal! Great location, large 2 room suite, huge continental breakfast, and a &quot;light meal&quot; in the early evening, all included in a rate lower than anywhere downtown. We would stay there again and again.	
Jul 12 2004	Homewood Suites rock!	Just spent 5 great days with my spouse at the Homewood Suites in Chicago. We drove in from Louisiana and were able to check in a couple of hours early which we really appreciated. The hotel lobby is on the 6th floor of the building so the bellman gets all your stuff out of your car curbside and the valet parks your car about 7 blocks away, so it's best to take everything out of your car that you'll need. The staff were very friendly and efficient. The room was just as advertised and was very clean. The bed was very comfortable and having 2 TV's was a real plus. It was nice having a separate living room and the kitchen as well. I also liked that the tub and toilet were separate from the lavatory and dressing area. Contrary to another review on this site, our room was nicely decorated with artwork and plants. As a security measure, you must use your room key in the elevator to get up to your floor, so you must remember to have your room key handy whenever you get in the elevator. The valet retrieved our car in about 20 minutes which I thought was reasonable. The complimentary breakfast buffet was excellent and was quite busy on the weekend, but less so during the week. The hostess seats you, so you don't have to worry about jockeying for a table. The evening &quot;reception&quot; was also nice with free wine and draft beer. I would definitely stay there again. It's clearly the best value in downtown Chicago.	
Jul 8 2004 	A wow in the Windy City	I hesitated to write this review because I would hate for this hotel to be booked the next time I travel to Chicago.I booked this hotel due to it's proximity to the Navy Pier, where I was attending a trade show, and it's closeness to the &quot;EL&quot; since I had decided not to rent a car.The Free Trolley to the pier stops right in front of the hotel and there are many great places to eat within just a couple of blocks.Great location, extremely helpful staff ( especially Sharon at the Front Desk) at all levels, great food, clean and roomy suites.This was my first trip to the windy city and the folks at the Homewood Suites made my stay very easy.	
Jun 17 2004	Great Place	Great place to stay. Stayed there in June 2004. Close to red line stop, mag mile. Good breakfast buffet and dinner buffet (which was included in room price) Staff was very friendly, helpful. Room was extremely clean. Liked having a small kitchen and living room--did not feel like I was in a hotel room. We happened to get a corner room which gave us two different views of the city. Would stay there again.	
Apr 21 2004	great place for a week of business	Just returned from a week at the Homewood in Chicago. Lived up pto what I expect from Homewoods. Great breakfast and cocktail/snacks hour. Lots of kids b/c of spring break. Not too bad though. Great location. Only complaint - elevators take a while, especially when one is down for a couple of days.	
Jan 26 2004	Warm Wonderful Excellent!		
Dec 30 2003	Homewood Suites: good choice; great price		
Dec 12 2003	Love this hotel!!!!		
Nov 26 2003	Great For Business Travelers		
Nov 23 2003	Homewood suites...like being at home!		
Oct 16 2003	Stayed here twice		
Aug 6 2003	Very satisfied with Homewood		
Jul 9 2003	what a deal!		
May 31 2003	Aequate but clean		
May 28 2003	Bait and Switch tactics at Chicago Homewood Suites		
Oct 16 2009 	?????????????????		
Oct 15 2009 	absolut sein Geld wert		
Aug 26 2009 	Chicago y el hotel: espectaculares		
Jul 30 2009 	????????????????????????????????		
Jun 23 2009 	muy buen hotel! lo recomiendo		
Oct 20 2008 	????good?		
Aug 27 2008 	El mejor desayuno de los EE.UU.		
