Oct 8 2009 	Fabulous hotel and service	Wanted to stay downtown and the Peninsula was perfect. The room and view were fantastic. The service was impeccable. Every employee you passed genuinely greeted you. The management here clearly does a wonderful job. The only thing I would point out was that I emailed the concierge prior to my arrival for restaurant recommendations and noone ever responded back. Other than that the stay was absolutely amazing.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great Room amazing bathroom	LOVED the Peninsula. Excellent Location. Loved the bar downstairs. The rooms are large and have every amenity you can think of. I loved the bench outside the closet for throwing suitcases. My son loved the fact that he could watch cartoons while taking a bath. They even gave him a little Peninsula bear to take home dressed as a bell hop. Will return.	
Sep 20 2009 	5 star Excellence in Chicago	If you can afford to stay at the Pennisular in Chicago, please do you won't be disappointed.Amer Express had a deal where you had a discounted room rate , free upgrade, free breakfast, one afternoon tea. I went with the Royal Tea which included champagne and caviar. We also had Sunday Bruch which was very nice. The Hotel is 5 star in everyway. The house keeping is &quot;ghostly&quot; where you don't see them but always see their handiwork. No carts in the hallway. The Spa was a pleasent experience where we had a couples massage. The service is so good by the time you hang up the phone for service someone is knocking at your door with your request. The rooms along with the view are wonderful however stay on upper floors due to the noise and cars on Michigan Ave.The service is so good while checking out our valet took our bags and even picked up a Chicago style pizza we had earlier ordered and met us at our car as we left for home dodging Oprah's 2009 season opening show on Michigan Ave.	
Sep 9 2009 	good chicago hotel at the right price	We normally stay at another competitor in Chicago. There was an unusually good special so we decided to try the Peninsula. We had a 1 BD suite. Views in this hotel are not as good as the FS where we we usually stay but we did have a nice view of Water Tower, and a little bit of the lake. Main bathroom is a little small, suite had low ceilings and the TV was outdated. Our mini-bar was not refilled during our stay once....no diet sodas after the first day. The restaurants were empty or having special events during our stay, so even though we were offered a discount we could not use it and try them. Hotel was nice enough to credit toward the stay. Concierges were very good at getting basic info, though they push the restaurant of a former chef that we thought was a poor suggestion. The bar is old school but really smells of smoke even though it is non-smoking. The pool/ spa is nice. The location is central Michigan Ave near the major dept. stores. I would return only if I found a great deal again.	
Sep 2 2009 	Superb in every category	I stayed for four nights in an Executive Suite at The Peninsula while visiting friends from my college days. This was my second stay at The Peninsula and it won't be my last. In addition to the stunning service and facilities, I was able to get a very decent rate under one of their summer specials.My room was extremely spacious (see photos)--separate living room, entrance hallway, connecting hallway, etc. One of my favorite things about the Peninsula is the amount of room devoted to dressing--plenty of closet space, drawers, and mirrors. The sound-proofing was superb--windows open you could hear sirens and all the other sounds of the city, but once they were closed there was no sound from outside.One of the most attractive things about this room was the bathtub with a window overlooking Michigan Avenue--I took baths just to be able to look through the window! The technology is, if anything, over the top--I counted six telephones or equivalents (like the voice-operated one in the bathtub) in the suite, two televisions, a stereo system, and the Peninsula-standard electronic control systems (see photo)--on one morning when I slept in light and housekeeping knocked on the door (a long way from the bedroom) I just had to roll over and hit the &quot;Privacy&quot; button on the phone--a light turned on outside the room and that was it.No complaints at all about this trip, but I do have two suggestions, both from The Berkeley in London--1) The deck chairs on the sun roof outside often appeared occupied even though no-one was there--it would be worthwhile to clean these more frequently or to put up a sign asking people to clear away their belongings when they were done so that more people could enjoy the sun deck.2) Shoes left overnight for polishing should be returned with temporary shoe trees.	
Sep 1 2009 	Absolute Perfection....Didn't want to leave!!	Hands down the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in. The hotel is in a great location, the room was gorgeous and the public areas of the hotel are beautiful. The service is stellar. The hotel staff knows what you need before you even know yourself, but they do it in a way that is not &quot;in your face&quot; and too much. We went to the Bears game and the whole time I just wanted to get back to the hotel to enjoy the roof-top bar overlooking Michigan Ave. We finally made it back and the bar was awesome (not to be missed), and the staff treated us to complimentary champagne for my birthday. The next day I had lunch w/ a friend at the restaurant in the lobby and I mentioned to her that we were there celebrating my birthday (I don't even recall the waitress being w/in ear shot) but the next thing you know there is a birthday dessert served at the table. The waitress overheard me say we were there for my birthday. I cannot say enough about the wonderful hotel. I stayed at the Trump a couple of months later and let me tell you that it PALES in comparison to the Peninsula. Not even in the same league. If you can afford it, stay at this hotel when in Chicago. The Peninsula has won a regular client. Will be staying at the Peninsula in NYC soon, hope I am not dissappointed!	
Aug 18 2009 	A reason in itself to visit Chicago	Always perfect. Period. One of my favorite hotels in the world.	
Aug 11 2009 	The BEST hotel in America	This is my third, maybe fourth stay at The Peninsula Chicago. I would like to live there on a permanent basis. This was an important visit for me as it was a 4 day/3 night stay with my son before he departs for his first year of college, and I wanted it to be a special. The Peninsula made it an exceptional visit.We stayed in a &quot;deluxe&quot; category room, 1736, which was spacious and had 2 very comfortable beds. The room had a good city view to the west which is not THE Chicago city view, but it was still good. The room is over the top in every way. A large flat screen HDTV that pivots for viewing in the living area or the beds to go with a smaller set at the foot of the bathtub. The room had a double desk along with a full sized couch and a chair and ottoman. It also had 2 minibars so one did not have to walk far for refreshments.The bathroom is incredibly opulent and wonderful. Separate shower, tub, potty, 2 full vanities.The soundproofing is great. We never heard any noise from anything but ourselves and/or the tv or the ipod (the room has a loading dock) and a dvd player.A true luxury hotel, it does not nickel and dime you. Each night, turn down service includes a bottle of spring water for each occupant. There is excellent and free wi-fi. In the morning I received a complimentary copy of the Chicago Tribune, The NY Times and the Wall Street Journal.The fitness club which sits atop the hotel is simply stunning. It is extremely well equipped with a variety of new cardio machines/towels/headsets/water/etc. The swimming pool is gorgeous and it has an outside deck which affords some nice views.The Shanghai Terrace is a delightful restaurant and was a great place to sit outside facing MIchigan Ave for appetizers/cocktails and/or a full meal.We also availed ourselves of the bistro at the ground level which was also excellent.This hotel has no flaws. What makes it all the more exceptional is the staff. A guest relations manager, LeeAnn Brown, saw to it that we were set up comfortably,and took it upon herself to dig around the city for some childhood treats I requested (for me) consisting of the candy &quot;Chuckles&quot; which are hard to find these days, fannie may pixies, and Jay's potato chips, all of which are unique to Chicago. She went beyond the extra mile and had 2 white sox hats in the room for my son and me knowing we were going to a game. Upon checkout, she came out and introduced herself to me and could not have been kinder or more competent throughout. It is people like Ms. Brown that make The Peninsula not just a very good hotel, but rather, a great hotel.I look forward to returning to Chicago for its many pleasures but moreover, to treat myself to another visit at The Peninsula.	
Aug 2 2009 	Nice hotel excellent service but overpriced and overhyped	I stayed three nights at the Peninsula Chicago Hotel for a business conference. This was my first stay at a Peninsula Hotel. I stayed as part of the American Express Fine Hotels and Resorts program. I had an executive suite (no upgrade) and spent a great deal of time in the room working. Perhaps it was all the hype I heard about this chain of hotels in advance that truly raised my expectations, but I was a bit underwhelmed. Don’t get me wrong, this is a very nice hotel, but there are areas that could use improvement. Here are my observations about this hotel:GOOD:* The service is, predictably, excellent. The very best. You are greeted by everyone with a smile. Responses to your requests are immediate. The housekeeping is the best I’ve ever experienced. They are like “service ninjas” who somehow detect those rare moments when you may not be in your room and they make it immaculately clean within 10 minutes. Laundry as well was very quick. When I arrived at the hotel, my suit and a couple of shirts I packed were a bit wrinkled. They took care of them all within an hour. * Free wireless internet throughout the hotel.* The food was pretty good for the most part. The kobe burger was good, as was the creamless tomato soup. The afternoon tea service is great. * The fitness center was nice (not as large as hotels like the Four Seasons, which have a Sports Club LA in them) but sufficient, and very well kept. There were only a couple of other people in there when I went to work out, so I got to use all the equipment I wanted without a problem. * The desk in the room was good. I like a big desk when I travel for work. It gives me room to use my laptop, open up binders, and multitask. I was easily able to do that. I wish, though, that they would position it in a way that would allow you to take advantage of the views while you work. (See my comment below about how the bottom drawer should be used for a printer, not a fax).* The bathroom was very nice. Good standup shower and nice bathtub that overlooks the city. Having a small TV screen next to the bath was great as well. Only complaint in that part of the room was that the stopper in one of the two sinks didn’t work and the water took a while to heat up. * The bed was very comfortable, as were the pillows. A+ in this department. BAD:* When I arrived there were two gnats in my room. Not a big deal, but I was surprised. One of them was killed when it took a nose dive into my soup at lunch (which I had fortunately pretty much finished).* The technology in the room is a bit outdated. True, there is the high tech control panel that you can use to change the lighting, TV channels, and air conditioning. On the other hand, there were no flat screen TVs in my living room or bedroom, no high definition or HDMI, no iPod radio, and the telephones (not portable) are old -- one of mine had to be replaced because it didn’t work properly. There’s a fax machine in the desk drawer, but quite frankly I don’t know of many people who use those very much – most communication is done by e-mail these days. The space would be better used by a printer. There’s a stereo in the living room, but it looks like something my father owned in 1980. * Prices were RIDICULOUS! I expected to pay a decent amount of money because this is a top notch hotel, but some things were laughable -- $13 for a cappuccino to be delivered to my room. Two course meal for one person - $100 (no alcohol). Spa was outrageously overpriced. * The room was not well insulated from the noise. I constantly heard sirens, car horns, and beeping noises from the street 11 floors below. I also heard when people above me were turning on their water. * There was a horrible air freshener smell on my floor. It’s not throughout the whole hotel and I only traveled to my floor so I don’t know whether it was an issue with my floor or all floors but it was clearly a scent that was there on purpose. CONCLUSION:The Peninsula hype I received before I arrived was a little too much. This is a nice hotel but I’ll probably try a different one next time I’m in Chicago. The service is excellent but the rooms are a bit dated, which results in some minor annoyances. More than anything else it is very overpriced. I realize that you pay a lot for a top flight hotel, and I'm willing to do that, but I think I probably could have paid less and received more at the Four Seasons or Ritz Carlton.	
Jul 13 2009 	Off the charts good.	This is a spectacular hotel. There isn't one thing I could complain about. The service, ammenities, location and room were all great. It is very expensive but you get what you pay for. Flat screen in the room, iPod dock, free wi-fi, the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on and one of the best showers I've ever had in a room. Everything is first class.I'm not sure I'd take kids here although there were some around. The pool is nice but mostly set up for lap swimming and there is a hot tub as well. Both are indoor.	
Jul 8 2009 	An enjoyable experience	I booked this trip at the last minute so naturally the rate was pretty high. I've read so many favorable comments about the Peninsula that I just had to check it out for myself. Needless to say, I was not disappointed. The service I received from the moment I stepped in front of the hotel (greeted warmly by valet) until the day I departed was memorable. I am hooked. While there I visited the pool area and felt so relaxed I fell asleep in no time. The iced lemon water and iced strawberry water was a nice touch. Breakfast in the lobby restaurant was nice as well. I also visited the bar and received great service. The servers were friendly and offered great suggestions on where to view the fireworks. Fridays &amp; Saturdays the hotel provides live jazz in the lobby area where you can enjoy cocktails and meals. The lighting was perfect for the setting. I must say the thing that I like the most was the control box that is placed on the nightstand. You can control the TV, the lights and the alarm clock. No more looking for the remote. I must get one for my bedroom. One other thing that I found favorable was the fact that the hotel places your newspaper in a small handled bag which is hung on the door knob. No more bending down to retrieve the newspaper. The money was well spent. I can hardly wait to return.	
Jul 5 2009 	Best Luxury in Chicago	These comments are a year delayed; we stayed in Aug, 2008. Peninsula Chicago is by far the best luxury in Chicago -- perfect location, boutique-like stellar personal service, gorgeous spa, beautiful marble bathrooms in the rooms, traditional rooms with modern amenities and superb linens. Absolutely the best in five-star luxury in Chicago. NB: We viewed our friends' room at the Four Seasons Chicago and, while perfectly adequate for a hotel in general, for five-star, it seemed a bit stale and outdated; the common areas of the Four Seasons were unimpressive for &quot;five star&quot; -- if you're spending this kind of money, absolutely opt for the Peninsula vs. Four Seasons =&gt; no contest.	
Jun 15 2009 	Well Located	Probably the best hotel in Chicago considering the location and quality of the property.	
Jun 8 2009 	Five star hotel of Palatial Proportions in a great location	This is with out a doubt the finest hotel in Chicago. Everything about it 5 star plus. My room was large, the windows opened so you can let in fresh air and hear the city sounds. The location is right on Michigan Avenue in the middle of the Magnificent Mile. There is a great reception area, a large lobby restaurant and bar, a café with outdoor seating and everything else you could want. The indoor lap pool is huge, has a view from the 19th floor and has an adjacent outdoor seating/sunning area also with a spectacular view. The hotel lacked nothing. Everything it has is spectacular. And it was all priced accordingly, e.g. my room service breakfast of blueberry pancakes and coffee for one was $55. On the bright side the in room wifi is free and worked great. I cannot think of anything that was less than perfect. Needless to say I would highly recommend this hotel to others who want and can afford this luxury. One more note on the area-right across the street is the Rosebud Cafe with some of the best Italian food ever with large portions, reasonable prices and great outdoor seating. A must go to in Chicago.	
Jun 8 2009 	Best Weekend aside from our Honeymoon	I booked a Fri and Sat Night stay at the Peninsula for my wife and my 1st wedding Anniversary. To simply put it, the Peninsula exceeded our expectations of luxury, service, and relaxation. Check-in was fine, it is a nice touch for the front desk attendant to peronally escort you to your room, give you a brief tour, and inquire of any other needs. The Deluxe king we booked was very clean, spacious, and comfortable. The kingsize bed was very comfortable with plenty of pillows and soft comforter.The bathroom was very large, marble everything, the highlight is the tv/radio controls for use while in the bathtub. The deep soaking tub and seperate shower have excellent water pressure and space for two.On Saturday night we went to the lobby for the Jazz at the Pen. The jazz quartet was very good, able to read and play off of the crowd.The spa and finess center were top notch. The pool is very nice and sun filled, there is an outdoor sundeck, but it can get quite windy 20 floors up.Room service, housekeeping, and the front desk staff are very efficient and accomodating.Our weekend at the Peninsula Hotel was arguably the best we have ever had, aside from our honeymoon.	
May 22 2009 	What a town what a hotel what a meal...	Great 5 nights at The Peninsular where the service was supreme, the room great, the location perfect and the food delightful.Ate the mad 15 course tasting menu at Avenues - little bit too much food for our delicate UK stomachs though the locals seemed to fare better!Great room service food and excellent staff. Concierges were superb and really did know where to go and what was what in terms of tours, restaurants and places to visit...Spa worked a treat - great views and great massage - nothing too much trouble.	
May 12 2009 	Excellent Business Hotel	You come into the hotel and come up one floor to the main lobby to register. The rooms are large and very well decorated with mood lights even in the bath room. The shower was one of the best I've had and the hot water comes on right away, with excellent pressure.The health club is well situated in the top floor with and indoor pool. The bed was outstanding, with very comfortable down comforters. Meals are a little on the high side, but very well presented, but with small portions. Meals are served in a beautiful lobby and a delightful place to hold a business lunch. Service in the whole hotel was excellent and lived up to the reputation of the Peninsular. It is well located opposite Saks 5th Ave, and half a block from the main shopping street.	
May 2 2009 	Fabulous Hotel - Absolutely Worldclass	My wife and I spent 3 wonderful days at the Pen Chicago. It was our anniversary so we received a double upgrade (one for Amex FH&amp;R and one for the anniversary). We booked a junior suite so we ended up in a deluxe suite.The room was very fresh and new looking. The furniture was in excellent condition, electronics were of the highest standard (Ipod ports at TV's, memory card ports at TV's, the usual Peninsula bedside console, DVD players and a TV in the bathroom). Kudos for the free wireless! The bed was comfortable with soft sheets, the bathroom was large with a big shower plus a separate soaking tub and the sitting area was spacious. The soundproofing in our room was excellent and the blackout curtains made for a great sleeping environment.Service was top-notch. The bellmen were fast and friendly. The front desk staff accompanied us to our room and were exceedingly gracious. Housekeeping was thorough yet almost invisible. The concierge made good recommendations about dining and places to see. The hotel arranged airport transportation which was flawless.Dining: Shanghai Terrace is exceptional for high end Chinese, I cannot adequately praise this place. Be warned it is pricey but worth it. Room service is both prompt and quite good albeit very costly. Pierrot the French cafe is ok and a quick place to grab lunch or breakfast.The Bar is always crowded and if I had one complaint we had a sour waitress the one night we went down who shorted me on my scotch as I received the &quot;last shot&quot; in the bottle. That was not an excuse for a short drink.On our anniversary the hotel sent chocolate covered strawberries and a bottle of French Champagne which was unexpected and very nice. This hotel delivered a product and service at an exceptional level for the United States. As a very frequent traveler this hotel is among the best I have seen in a US city. Yes, it is very pricey but they deliver a top notch experience with great rooms and great service. The location cannot be beat either.	
May 1 2009 	Loved the Peninsula	Stayed here for two nights while visiting friends who live down the street. I had grown up having tea at the Peninsula in Hong Kong and wanted to check out a Peninsula in the States. It was really just awesome. Our room was in a lovely yellow and cream decor on the 16th floor. We had a standard room so it just overlooked the Park Hyatt but you could also people watch on the Mag Mile. Speaking of which, it is just outside your door. The rooms are quiet, with the exception of the Chicago PD and FD who seem to really like their sirens at night.Thank goodness we got a special deal on our stay because let's face it, this place is expensive, but just oh so wonderful. We ordered room service breakfast which came to $100 for two. Very yummy however, and even better with the Sunday New York Times delivered to your door.We also had afternoon tea included in our stay and it was just lovely. Service, food, atmosphere, musicians. Almost like being in Kowloon itself.Everyone working there was so gracious, at ease at serving and interacting with guests. No snobbishness, just pleasant, polite, attentive.Lastly, the pool was just really neat. Up on the 21st floor with a great view, lovely poolside seating and a whirlpool. Plus, we had the place to ourselves.	
Mar 29 2009 	Quiet wonderful luxury	Everything about this hotel is lovely without being obnoxiously so (well, ok, sending up a bellhop in an all white sailor suit with white gloves to deliver a grimy fedex package was farily silly but I'll overlook that). Had the most relaxing two day hotel stay and I'll def stay here aging if only for the assurance that a pair of fresh padded slippers, a plush robe, and the best bath towels I've ever encountered will be waiting for me. (Also really like that they have a push button system that declares your room off limits to housekeeping until you push another button that asks for them to make up the room.)	
Mar 15 2009 	Beautiful but exorbitantly expensive	I stayed at The Peninsula for three nights in August. The room was on the 15th floor, somewhat near the elevator, but wonderfully quiet and luxurious. The staff were exceedingly polite, but forgot to retrieve the room service cart, sometimes for hours. Having to take two elevators to get to my room was a bit of a hassle as well. The room service food, and the food in the Lobby, was not worth the money- don't eat in the hotel, go elsewhere. Extremely expensive- but if it's no object and you want a gorgeous, quiet and comfortable room, then go for it.	
Mar 10 2009 	Completely Over-rated	This hotel is completely over-rated. The staff was mediocre, the rooms had an odd odor. I've stayed at much nicer, actual 5 star hotels. This was not one of them. Maybe it works for Chicago, but I'd rather stay at the Four Seasons, Ritz, or the Park Hyatt. Really, don't believe the hype.	
Mar 8 2009 	Wonderful Family Trip	Amid comments of, why are you going to Chicago in March?, I planned a short trip and booked a room at the Peninsula. My wife and I were accompanied by our two children . Our son is aged 5 and and our daughter is aged 18 months. We had never been to the Peninsula before, but its reputation convinced me to stay there. I arranged through the hotel to have a car to meet us at the airport upon our arrival. Inside the terminal a man was waiting for us holding a Peninsula Hotel sign. He greeted us and led us outside to the waiting car. Our car was a black Lincoln stretch limousine. My son loved the car and the driver whisked us away from the airport for a relaxing ride to the hotel. We pulled up to the hotel which is guarded by two very large oriental lion statues. We were greeted by a very friendly doorman named Timothy. He took my name and said our bags would be delivered to our room shortly. We proceeded inside the hotel and took the elevator to the lobby to check in. We were greeted warmly as we completed our check in. The Lobby Restaurant room was near the elevators and it is just as stunning in person as in all pictures I had seen of it. The friendly woman who checked us in led us to the elevator and took us to our room on the twelfth floor. We had booked a junior suite #1217 because we needed the space. The room was done in shades of yellow and gold. The truly great hotels always do the little things that set them apart and the Peninsula accomplished this brilliantly. On the cocktail table in front of the sofa in the living room was a paper model of a 1956 light blue Ford Thunderbird convertible. Inside the seating compartment was a linen napkin wrapped around two chocolate chip cookies. Next to the car was a martini glass filled with gummy bears. Next to the martini glass was a small teacup and saucer and a small silver spoon. Inside the teacup was orange gelatin. There was also a beautiful purple box of Vosges Haut-Chocolat exotic truffles on the desk. The room looked out onto N. Michigan Avenue and the large window made the view exceptional. The room was spacious and inviting. The next wonderful detail that the hotel accomplished still puts a smile on my face. In the closet were robes for us to wear while we relaxed. There were two adult robes and two robes for the children. The robes for the children had hoods and were sized so as to fit them each perfectly. We got some great photographs of the kids in those robes. The room was equipped with consoles by the bed that controlled all the environmental adjustments for the room. The bathroom was gorgeous and well-equipped. There was a television that could be viewed while bathing in the bathtub. The kids loved watching TV while taking their evening baths. Turn down service was completed every evening much to our satisfaction. We had lunch at the french bistro connected to the hotel. The food and service were both excellent. After our visit to the observation deck of the Sears Tower, we returned to the hotel and had dinner at the Lobby Restaurant. This restaurant is a gorgeous palatial space. The food was wonderful as was our server Don. I enjoyed a Peninsula Martini and my wife enjoyed her Blood Orange Martini. After dinner we retired to our room and I slept deeply on the very comfortable bed. The next morning, I watched the kids while my wife indulged in a swedish massage at the Spa. She said Donald did a great job. After that we all had breakfast in the the french bistro and headed out to see some of the culture of the city. We took the kids to the Science and Industry Museum, Millenium Park and the Art Institute of Chicago. The weather was cooperative with the temperature in the mid to upper 40's and mostly sunny. The Cloud Gate was fun to see in person. Upon our return to the hotel, my son and I enjoyed the pool and the hot tub before we went to dinner. What a scenic setting to swim laps. I loved it. I wanted to try Chicago style pizza on our last night so I phoned the Concierge and she recommended either Gino's East or Giordano's. Since we had the kids, we chose Giordano's because it was right across the street on North Rush Street. We ordered the stuffed pizza and it was incredibly good. I was raised on the thin crust pizza of New Haven, Connecticut but I got to tell you, the stuffed pizza here, while different ,was every bit as enjoyable as any pizza I have ever had. After dinner we retired to our room, bathed the kids and fell asleep. The next morning we had an early breakfast in the Lobby Restaurant. Again, the food and service were excellent. We returned to our room and collected our luggage and proceeded to check out. I used the express checkout method and we took the elevator to the ground level. Timothy the doorman saw us off and our limousine returned us to O'Hare for our trip home. What a fabulous stay at the Chicago Peninsula.	
Mar 7 2009 	One Word: Perfection	I had purchased a ticket to the closing night performance of my favourite opera at the Chicago Lyric Opera. I chose the Peninsula as I only had a one night's stay and I wanted to assure I was well taken care of. I debated back and forth with myself between the Ritz Carlton and the Peninsula and finally decided to give the Peninsula a try. Previous stays at other Ritz locations have left me feeling dizzy with the over-the-top attempt at opulence. With the Peninsula, the mantra appeared to be &quot;less is more&quot; and I was not disappointed.The hotel arranged a driver who met me at the airport with sincere smiles and an immaculate sedan featuring the Peninsula's signature magazine, bottles of signature mineral water and various snacks. Upon arrival in Chicago, I was treated regally from everyone from the driver to the concierge. I was shown to my room by the warm and gracious young lady who checked me in at reception.Because I was only staying one night, I opted for a regular king room rather than a full suite. The room was well-appointed with the understated elegance for which I had hoped. Rather than showy opulance, everything about the room (and indeed, the entire hotel) boasted understated sumptuousness - everything whispered plush without screaming pretention by shoving wealth in one's face. My fifteenth-floor room had a beautiful view of the Magnificent Mile. In addition to the standard amenities, the room offered incredibly plush bathrobes to be enjoyed in the state-of-the-art bathroom. The ice bucket had been filled and two bottles of the hotel's signature mineral water were waiting for me upon arrival. Everything from the bedroom's plasma television to the bathroom's whirlpool tub with built-in entertainment center was of the highest quality.Upon return from the opera, the hotel staff had performed a discreet turn-down service, in addition to cleaning the bathroom and refreshing the toiletries. Embroidered slippers and a clean bathrobe had been laid out for my ease. The ice bucket had again been filled and two more bottles of water were left.I had chosen the full Chinese breakfast as room service and it was delivered on time and warm. The food was absolutely delicious - If you try nothing else during your stay, choose the Chinese breakfast - You will not be disappointed.Due to weather conditions, my flight was delayed and I needed to stay an additional five hours until the car would deliver me back to the airport. The same young lady who checked me in greeted me warmly by name as I walked to the reception desk to discuss an extension for a late check-out. She re-arranged the driver and obtained a selection of spa services while I waited for my rescheduled flight.Overall, I was extremely impressed with the warmth and classic luxury of the Peninsula. Everything and everyone was the epitome of what true class is. The Ritz has just lost a customer.	
Jan 10 2009 	impeccable	everything was great, food, room, service, concierge. i would definately recommend it.	
Jan 8 2009 	Not my cup of tea.	My family and I visited the Chicago for a few days after Christmas, and for the most part we enjoyed our stay at the Peninsula.Upon entering the hotel, you take an elevator to get to the lobby and then another elevator to get to your room. The elevators were quick, but give yourself a few extra minutes to get downstairs if ever in a hurry while staying there.Our room was on the 11th floor and had excellent views. My family of four shared two bedrooms which were separated by a parlor that had a desk, couches, TV, and a half bathroom. The bedrooms were average in size and décor and generally underwhelming. The bathrooms however, were fabulous. There was a television above the bathtub, and ample space to get ready. The hotel supplied Molton Brown products as well as toothbrushes, razors, sewing and nail kits, etc.Beds were comfy, and free bottles of water piled up after turndown.My major qualm with our room was the technology. I was under the impression that everything would be very high tech and sleek and it just wasn’t. The bulky control centers were confusing and outdated. And the plasma TV and DVD players I thought I was getting were clunky and old. I think its time for an upgrade.The service was mediocre at best. While everybody was polite, I felt as if the Peninsula’s employees were only greeting me because it was their job to do so, not because they cared about me. Several times I had to be the person who initiated the “hello” or “good morning.” I don’t expect to be waited on hand and foot, but the occasional feeling that the concierge or front desk or dining room servers were happy to see me would have been nice.In terms of hotel food, the room service was average. My family ordered some snacks one day and nothing was exceptional. Breakfast at Avenues was delicious, but nothing I couldn’t get at any other fine hotel. I do not recommend tea. The tea was ok, but the food was horrible. I don’t think I enjoyed a single thing, and there was plenty to choose from.The thing that I liked best about the hotel was its location. All of Chicago’s highlights, including the shops on Michigan Avenue and Navy Pier, are just a walk away. There’s plenty to do, see, buy and eat, and no need for a taxi or rental car to get there.I absolutely love Chicago, and its hard to fault the Peninsula for making my time less fun filled, because it most certainly was. However, next time, I’ll opt to stay at the Drake or the W Lakeshore, where I can get a little more bang for my buck—and a little personality.	
Nov 10 2008 	i would stay here again	the hotel was great. the room was great. the food was great. the pool was great. the service was great. i would stay here again.	
Oct 16 2008 	loved the Peninsula	Wonderful stay, pure luxury, excellent service, we will go back	
Oct 13 2008 	Excellent hotel with great food	I stayed at the Peninsula Chicago for two nights in October 2008 while on business. Had a room on the 15th Floor with views of the Water Works. Everything about this property was wonderful. The lobby and conference areas were beautiful and put together really well to host a large event with multiple meetings. The quality and selection of food made attending meetings a real treat, and room service, salads and burgers at least, were great. Now for the room: it was huge! The bathroom had its own couch! Excellent desk and business set-up with extremely comfortable bed. I don't even think I used every piece of furniture in the room it was so big! Can't beat the location either - you're literally steps away from Michigan Avenue shopping and world famous pizza.	
Sep 15 2008 	Best Hotel EVER!	We live in Chicago and when we need a little pampering and to just get away..we head to the Peninsula. It is truly an amazing experience and worth every penny.The rooms are so comfortable and the contemporary design is clean and calming.The staff goes above and beyond every step of the way. Its smack dab in the middle of all the action in the city so you are close to everything.You cannot go wrong here...book your stay today!	
Aug 18 2008 	Close but no cigar at the Peninsula Chicago	I stayed here for a week while in town visiting family and friends. I've stayed at 5 of the 8 Peninsula locations and although this is certainly one of the more luxurious properties they have, the service lags behind the other locations.Now by no means is the service &quot;bad;&quot; just not up to par with it's sister hotels. At the other Peninsula locations, I would consider the service (relative to other hotels, not just the Peninsula Chicago) above and beyond; over-the-top; and sublime. At the Peninsula Chicago, I would consider the service as above average.For instance, at other Peninsula locations, they welcome you with a welcome drink in the room and possibly a light snack. No such greeting at the Chicago Peninsula.At other Peninsula locations, when the Spa was booked, the receptionist offered to either call me if there were any cancellations and even recommended some local Spas - not at the Peninsula Chicago.The rooms are great, the location couldn't be better and the restaurants are top-notch. My friends that live in the neighborhood all love The Bar at the Peninsula as well as the Chocolate Bar they have every Friday and Saturday.It's a wonderful hotel... the service just isn't over-the-top as I've come to expect having stayed at most of their other properties.The hotel accommodations are important but not as much as customer service. At the 5-star level one expects a high level of customer service. The Peninsula Chicago's customer service is attentive at best, mildly impersonal at worst.The Park Hyatt next door isn't quite as luxurious (a little too contemporary for my taste) however their service was surprisingly helpful. If location and a high level of customer service is all you desire, you may want to look into the Park Hyatt Chicago; for shorter trips, I know I will.	
Aug 10 2008 	Excellent	Fabulous. We stayed with our two toddlers at the last minute for one night due to an airline mishap. Our son has severe food allergies and they were very accommodating of his needs. The service was excellent, the food was excellent, the rooms are delightful, and the bed is exceedingly comfortable. Expensive, but definitely an example of 'you get what you pay for.'	
Aug 8 2008 	Best Hotel Experience Ever!	We had a great time staying at this hotel. From the concierge service to the Laundry service to management, everybody is just so kind and wonderful. Everything was perfectly timely and arranged in detailed to please the customers. The Hotel has an excelent Buffet that serves breakfast and lunch. What a variety of delicious food! Love it! We had a problem with our Limo service which had a miss-schedule out pick up time and the hotel manager called the company and had limo picked us up in 25 minutes. Just in time so we did not missed the fly back home.We would move to live at the Peninsula if we could afford it all year round!	
Aug 6 2008 	Stay in Style	Stayed on a corporate rate for business. I was impressed with everything the hotel had to offer, especially the pool. The crowd was a little old for my tast - looked like a lot of bankers. I did enjoy watching the working girls pick up on them in the lobby bar.	
Aug 1 2008	Not as good as the first one but still luxorious...	What a great place. I have been to the Peninsula in Hong Kong and while it is not as nice, it still is grand for Chicago. A great location on North Michigan Avenue and the rooms are brand new and spacious. The pool is gorgeous and the afternoon tea in the lobby is quite good as well.	
Jun 22 2008	A very good choice	I wanted to stay in what I hoped was the best hotel in town and so my expectations were high.The Peninsula did not disappoint.My room was a kingsize deluxe and although it overlooked another building on a side street it was very quiet (unless you open the windows) and well appointed. The staff were all very helpful, efficient and courteous. The spa is very well designed with a nice indoor pool. The outdoor sundeck enabled some sunbathing and room service could be ordered there.The massages in the spa were good but the standard varied.I had three different therapists and one was considerably better than the other two.For 155 dollars for sixty minutes I would have liked more consistency. The location of the hotel is excellent...right by Michigan Avenue. I would recommend Peirrot Gourmet for breakfast which is quite casual. It is part of the hotel so you can charge to your bill but is accessed from the street by the hotel so is very close by but gives the feeling of being out of the hotel.	
Jun 21 2008 	Great 	We stayed here for a long weekend in June, and had a great time. The accommodations are first class, the location is stellar, and the staff is top-notch. You get exactly what you pay for. Our room was very large, the beds were very comfy, and the location is right off of Michigan Ave., so everything we did was walking distance away. We even caught the train to Wrigley &amp; the airport, so I think we only took one cab -- which was to the hotel.	
Jun 12 2008 	Nice but a little dated and problems with the electrical systems	I have heard great things about this hotel, so I was a little disappointed with conditions on my stay. We were in Room 1523, an executive suite. Here are the pros: Location is excellent--you can't beat it. Right off of Mag Mile. Service is excellent. Friendly staff, we got an upgrade when we checked in. Courteous prompt attention the whole time. When we checked in, we had a little fruit/nut plate waiting for us, and they brought us welcome green tea within 1/2 hour of check-in. That was a nice touch. Suite size was great. Laid out well, lots of room, and it had my favorite thing--a bathtub with a giant window above it. They gave us a late check out of 3pm, which was awesome. Here are the cons: The decor is a little dated and worn. The carpet in our room had what at first looked like a huge water stain running down the hall, upon closer inspection was a tread path from overuse. The very complicated lighting system did not work. There are panels all over the room to control lights and other systems, and they malfunctioned the whole time. Which meant that when we tried to go to sleep that night, we could NOT TURN THE LIGHTS OFF. We had to call maintenance. To their credit, they sent someone up right away to reset. However, the problem continued throughout the night with the lights going on and off as we were sleeping. Yeah, REALLY annoying. Luckily I had a couple cocktails (hey, it was Bluesfest), so I was able to go back to sleep each time. We told the staff when we were checking out about the problem. They were nice enough, and told us that they were in the middle of a &quot;green update&quot; (right, right) that was causing the problems. I just feel like for $700 a night, the lights should work in the room, no?	
Jun 8 2008	A++ Hotel	The Peninsula is everything a 5 star hotel should be. The staff is professional, poised and very helpful. The rooms are well appointed, the counsel next to the bed is unique and fabulous. We finally found a hotel bed that's MORE comfortable than ours at home (not an easy task).The spa is beautiful. Although we didn't have treatments, we enjoyed the facilies (workout room, steam room, pool, hot tub, outdoor patio). The spa had very thoughtful touches throughout - e.g. swim diapers for kids, various flavored water and tea, plush towels - all terrific.Avenues (one of the three restaurants). Oh my. Fantastic food, unbelievably creative, delicious. The service was terrific. HOWEVER, the portions are pathetic. For $375 (for two), we should not leave hungry. The waitress explains that each course is 2-3 bites. So, the four course is 12 bites for $75. And, she was right. The 8 course is $115. One should not have to select the 15 course to fill their stomach. I understand that the new chef cut the portions which is a terrible mistake. I would go back in a heartbeat if the portions doubled. We have been to several other top Chicago restaurants (Tru, Trotters, Les Nomades, Everest, Moto), and we have never experienced anything like these miniscule portions.Overall, our experience at the Peninsula was wonderful and I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 3 2008 	Nice Room except for the Mold	We booked a room, and were upgraded to a suite (rm 1816). However, the suite was located on the 18th floor, right below the pool and locker rooms. During the night, my wife (who suffers from allergies and asthma), woke up with terrible pain in her sinuses. We struggled to sleep for the rest of the night. In the morning, she had a nosebleed.In the morning, we noticed paint &quot;bubbles&quot; on the wall near the ceiling in the living room. When I reached up and touched the bubbles, they were wet and slimy. Upon further inspection, it was clear that there had been a number of &quot;repairs&quot; in the past, but the problem had never been solved.When we complained about this to the management, he acted very honorably. He explained that room was right below the locker rooms in the pool / spa area and there must have been a leak. He comped the room for the night and offered to move us to another room in the hotel.However, the lost night of sleep really wrecked our vacation. We decided that if one room has mold, we couldn't trust any other room and found accommodations elsewhere.	
May 29 2008 	What 5 Star Should Be	Everything aspect of our stay from start to finish was excellent. The hotel is immaculate, rooms are a nice size, well appointed and quiet. Staff are really helpful and the concierges I worked with were *real* concierges: they were happy to answer questions, make bookings and their advice on Chicago was very good. Front desk staff was helpful, honest and friendly. Gym is beautifully equipped with plenty of machines and an excellent class/stretching room, all with big windows. Pool is a full 25 meters with windows right down to the floor, a great place for a swim! Apples and coffee to go at the gym and pool were a very nice touch in the morning.I travel over 50% of the time and a hotel like this stands out for the comprehensive high quality of all services and facilities offered. I'll certainly stay here again when I'm in Chicago.	
May 23 2008 	The Absolute Standard	This hotel is the standard by which ALL hotels should be judged, not just Chicago, but anywhere. It is first-class in every way, from the doormen, to the bellhop, to the front desk staff, to the housekeeping.The location is perfect for downtown shopping and sightseeing. The rooms are gorgeous. The food was outstanding. I did not visit the spa but heard only great things.Obviously it is expensive, but this is the pinnacle of hotels.	
Apr 28 2008 	Romance at the Peninsula	Flawless! Nothing more can be said. Service was excellent, the food was awesome and the location is amazing! Situated atop Tiffany's on Michigan (does it get any better?!) its in the middle of everything. The staff is very helpful. Of course it all comes at a pretty penny, but the suite is worth it - with a plasma in the bathtub, press button EVERYTHING, floor to ceiling windows, its exquisite.	
Apr 26 2008 	Almost perfect	I stayed one night on a business trip. The room was fine; the bathroom exceptional. I love the way a light comes on in the closet when you open the closet door. The staff was friendly and repeatedly offered to help. I have two relatively minor quibbles: I had to search the room for a water glass to brush my teeth. I finally found one in the bedroom with the water bottle. A slip up by the staff? Secondly, I like to have a cup of coffee in the morning without ordering it through room service. There was no coffee maker in the room. (I noted when checking out, though, that coffee urns and paper cups were in the lobby. )	
Apr 19 2008 	great hotel best in chicago	I stayed 2 nights in the Peninsula and had again a great peninsula experience. Last time in stayed in Four seasons and the Peninsula just has that little bit extra. Chocolates in your room, great breakfast, friendly staff and a very classy lobby. I had dinner in their gourmet restaurant the second night. 200 us for a single couvert including wine and digestive. Not cheap but the best culinair experience I had so far in the US. They have a new chef so check it out. Especially the wagyu with cocos is heavenly. Peninsula, done manila and chicago, cant wait to experience the other seven	
Apr 1 2008 	I'd Give It Six Stars If I Could	This was one of the best hotel stays of my life, from start to finish--maybe THE best urban hotel experience. Every need was anticipated and there was a thoughtful touch at every turn. I spent Easter weekend in Chicago and stayed at both the Four Seasons and the Peninsula, and though the 4S was nice and thoroughly professional, it paled next to the Peninsula.My stay here was starting off well anyway, since I had gotten a special holiday rate of $295/night. That's practically unheard-of for this hotel. Despite the low rate, I was still upgraded to a premium-view room on check-in, with a direct view of the water tower and the Hancock Tower. The rooms are wonderfully plush, with closet and drawer space set in a vestibule outside the bathroom so that there's room for a full sofa even in the standard rooms. Bedding is tops, and though the color scheme is still primarily beige, there are nice colorful touches in the textiles. Of course you've probably read about all the high tech gizmos and how practically everything is controlled by a button [Except, oddly enough, the curtains, which are still pullcord-operated. That and the fact that the hotel really needs to upgrade to flat-screen TVs would be my only small quibbles.] The bathrooms are glorious, with deep soaking tubs, easy-to-operate fixtures with great temperature control, and the TV/radio operated from a tubside control. I was checked in by a professional, warm staffer who handed me confirmed restaurant reservations--even though I had booked them through OpenTable; there must be some sort of name cross-checking. I then got a personal tour of the room including its electronics.The Lobby is a huge, beautiful space with tall columns and an airy feel. It's Art Deco with Asian touches. Lunch service there was flawless; the menu is fairly standard for this sort of place, though they do have purple sweet-potato fries. I also went back for the weekend evening chocolate fantasy. At $33, it's a bit of indulgence since you can really only eat so much chocolate late at night without making yourself sick. However, it's a nifty signature offering and just the selection of offerings is fun; plus, they were all tasty. Just off the bright lobby is the bar, which is a totally different environment--dark and moody, with sofa seating as well as the bar itself. Again, attentive service and nice selection. I also had dinner at Shanghai Terrace where I was again pampered beyond belief and found the food delicious. I was there at opening, so had the place almost to myself for a while. It's not cheap, but $115 per person including appetizer, soup course [lobster, mmm], entree, dessert, two cocktails, and tip certainly isn't outrageous. The top-floor pool here is a nice amenity. Always plenty of seating, and the floor-to-ceiling views over the neighboring buildings certainly make it an unusual setting and experience. Just know that there are usually children there and with the hard surfaces, it's not a quiet and relaxing place. The spa certainly is, though. In short, if you can handle the cost for when you're staying, you can't do any better in Chicago. The hotel sits dead-center of the Miracle Mile, and the Chicago subway stop is about a 3-minute walk away. It's less than ten minutes to the theatre district door-to-door.	
Mar 27 2008	Good not great...	We stayed for 2 nights last month in a deluxe double room. Overall, I'd have to rate the hotel as just ok, and not on the same level as the other Peninsula hotels we've visited.Our check in experience was inexcusable for a hotel of this reputation and star rating. A week before our arrival the hotel contacted me regarding our arrival time (1pm), number in our family, names, ages, etc... When we arrived the woman that checked us in was less than friendly (much less) and informed us that our room wasn't ready. She also asked how many people would be staying in the room, eventhough I clarified that before our arrival. I asked if it would be possible to pay for an upgraded room that was currently available, but she waved me off saying &quot;no, nothing's available&quot; and that she'll call my cell when the room is ready. (By the way, I knew for a fact that the hotel had a very low occupancy at the time and that rooms of all categories were indeed available.) She didn't bother to even estimate when the room would be ready, or direct us to a place to wait. We, myself and 2 children, then wandered the hotel looking for an open restaurant (it was 4 degrees outside and I didn't feel like bundling the kids back up and walking around). It was a Sunday and there was literally ONE place serving in the hotel, which was the lobby lounge. We asked the hosted to be seated at one of the empty tables, but she insisted that they were reserved and nothing would be available for half an hour. I then asked if there were ANYPLACE in the hotel where we could wait and the hostess rudely pointed to her left and said &quot;maybe over there&quot;. After over an hour of waiting &quot;over there&quot;, I finally gave up on being seated in the lobby and approached the front desk again. It was a different agent, this time a very friendly gentleman, and I asked the status of our room. He responded that our room was indeed, and had been, ready for some time and apologized that I had not be notified....This wasted hour and a half was certainly not a huge deal, but also certainly not something that should have happened at The Peninsula. The room was fine, if a bit outdated, and clean. With the exception of the bathrooms, there was nothing exceptional about the space. The carpet was in need of replacement, and I'd cetainly hesitate to pay the rack rate of $600 a night!The majority of our stay was without incident, and I encountered many employees that were extremely curtious and helpful. However, I do believe that our next stay in Chicago will be at either the Ritz or Four Seasons.	
Mar 25 2008	Still great but needs an update	I have now stayed at the Peninsula Chicago 6 times since the year 2002. I stay here for many reasons, including location, exceptional service and spa/workout facilities. The staff is incredibily courteous. The bathrooms are spectacular with separate garden tubs and showers along with marble accents. The TV above the bathtub is the bomb! The workout area and swimming pool sits on the 20th floor overlooking Michigan avenue and is spectacular. While the Peninsula has never failed in the area of exceptional service, I now feel that this hotel is overdue for an upgrade. Considering the fact that the cheapest rooms run over $500/night there are some areas that need attention. First of all, the carpeting in the rooms is in dire need of replacing. I have stayed in 3 different levels of rooms over the past six years and they all seem to have the original carpeting. My latest stay was no different and the carpeting in the room had some stains and showed a lot of wear and tear. Secondly, they need to upgrade to flat screen televisions. The current TV&quot;s are housed in an armoire that is to the side of the bed and provides for awkward viewing. While the overall room decor is very nice, it is starting to look a little dated. While I will continue to stay at the Peninsula, I believe there may be other options in Chicago worth exploring at this price. Once the rooms are upgraded though, I think the Peninsula will again be the best place to stay downtown.	
Feb 12 2008 	23 hours of perfection	Wow, best hotel I've ever stayed in, bar none. The service is of a caliber that is beyond words. All the reviews pretty much lay out all the details, so no need to repeat all of the wonderful amenities (okay, I will anyway -- molton brown bath products, TV in bathroom, oversized bathtub and separate oversized shower, temp controls, in-wall sound system, amazing bed to name a few). We were there for my 40th birthday and were upgraded to a nicer room (without us asking), and they sent up a bottle of champagne and strawberries w/ fresh whipped cream on the house. They also sent up an additional dessert plate with truffles and raspberries. Best night's sleep of my life on what must have been 2000-thread-count sheets and a perfect-weight duvet. The spa is unbelievable -- the nicest I've ever been to, and I've been to my share of spas. Unlimited supply of towels, sandals, cucumber water, amazing steam room, the best 90 minute massage I've ever had, everything was so clean and beautiful. Tiny snag at breakfast in the hotel restaurant -- we came down at 9:15 after having called down at 8 to ask about breakfast options, and we were met with 1/2 hour wait. But I simply told the concierge that we had to be somewhere at 11 (the massage) and that we needed to be seated now or I wouldn't be able to really eat breakfast without feeling nauseous during the massage and they figured out a way to seat us right away. Had a perfect breakfast, and we watched them as they set up the sunday brunch, and that looked just over the top amazing. I wasn't sorry to miss it though, since I had just had 2 of the most delicious cups of coffee ever, perfectly cooked eggs, and a bowl of really wonderful museli with cream and blackberries. We were granted a late checkout (2pm) with no trouble. I've just never met that level of service in my life. I could go on forever about this place. If I could ever afford it I would stay there every chance I get.Also--we ate at Shanghai Terrace for dinner -- appetizers were outstanding, entrees and dessert were just okay in comparison, but the atmosphere and service were 100% perfect, so I'd recommend it for sure.	
Feb 11 2008 	An oasis from the cold	Although it would be difficult to find fault with this property, I am a nitpicker, and like to look at both sides of the coin. So, first the positive attributes (which are abundant) ... the hotel is beautifully laid out, the staff is aware of every minute detail, the rooms are exceptional by any standard, the linens are first rate, the bedside panel is delightful, the in room DVD player a nice touch, the bathroom incredible.Within the mammoth bathroom is a large walk-in shower, two sinks, a frosted-glass-enclosed WC and a huge tub. The ONLY two things I could find wrong were the fact that the restaurants are closed on Sunday and Monday - something I don't understand when dealing with a world class hotel, and that the doorman was nowhere in sight when we needed to brave the -1 degree cold and wind to find a taxi to our restaurant. However, a bellman who (to his credit) was not dressed at all for the biting weather came to our aid. I would most certainly stay here again -- if I could afford it!	
Dec 30 2007 	Perfection	My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights with our 3 daughters. The room was exceptional - loved the outdoor temperature reading right by the unit door, the wall controls for all the lighting next to the beds, the tv in the bathroom and the sound system. The beds were so cozy, the welcome amenities for the children were delightful and the furnishings in the room lovely.As someone who hates indoor pools, I found this indoor pool in a category all it's own. It was beautiful, the furniture comfy and the wall of windows overlooking Michigan Avenue was unbelievable. We spent hours there and I still didn't want to leave. My husband treated himself to a massage which he was very pleased with. We did eat in the Shanghai Terrace, which was not great with kids. I highly recommend this hotel. The service, decor and pool are impeccable. It is my favorite hotel ever....	
Dec 30 2007 	Perfection	I stayed in a 1br executive suite. I think this hotel is slightly better than the Chicago Four Seasons. They are both very similar-new hotels located in an office tower. Great location and terrific service. I will come back.	
Nov 27 2007 	Another World of Luxury!	My wife and I stayed here for my birthday and let me tell you, it truly is a different world of luxury. Upon check in we were upgraded to an Executive Suite (without asking) that had a living room, HUGE bathroom and a king sized bed overlooking the Water Tower. Also had some dried &amp; fresh fruits as well as a box of Vosges Chocolate Truffles waiting in the room for us. Oh, the bathroom had a jacuzzi tub with a TV in the wall! While we didn't eat at the hotel (we went to Gibson's), we did grab some pastries &amp; coffee from the French bistro on the 1st floor for breakfast that were perfect. Obscenely expensive, but an experience we'll remember forever. Well worth it!p.s. The shampoo/lotion they provide is from Molton Brown which you should try your hardest to use all of, it's fantastic stuff!	
Nov 18 2007 	Great	I honestly have no idea what people here are complaining about. This may be the single nicest domestic hotel in which I've stayed-- and I spend a lot of time in hotels. Check-in was quick and efficient. The room was -- wonderful. It had every convenience I could imagine. Large bathroom with separate tub and shower. Can watch TV or listen to the radio while soaking in the tub!!! In-room stereo. Great lighting. Free, easy wireless internet. Comfy desk/chair and sofa. Can see TV from anywhere in the main room. Terrycloth bathrobe and slippers. Free bottled water in the evening. Really, I can't imagine anything that was left undone or anything more that I'd want.No room noise. Never any wait for elevators. The hotel is within walking distance from many stores and restaurants. They offer you a choice of 4 newspapers -- I asked for 2 and got a third! Concierge was great -- wonderful recommendation for sushi restaurant.I had a minor issue with the mini-bar (which wasn't cold). I called the front desk. Literally within five minutes, I had room service at my door, bringing two of what I'd wanted -- on the house. They replaced the fridge while I was at dinner. Impeccable service.Didn't try the spa -- unfortunately --so no comments on that.The hotel bar was fun -- but they do allow cigar smoking, so beware. You can take drinks up to your room. Room service was timely although the food was only average, especially for the price. Food/drink prices are high for Chicago but, as noted, there are many great places to eat nearby.This is a great hotel with great service. Absolutely recommend it! Can't wait to return to Chicago to stay here again.	
Nov 15 2007 	Great spa great Shanghai Terrace restaurant	Everything else was booked, so I ended up in the Peninsula. Mostly stayed in the Swissotel before, but P. is definitely much better (and pricier). Got a room upgrade to a huge suite, which was awesome, so I can't say much about the standard room. Room was somehow cold, and heating/AC-system did not seem to respond to my manipulations at the 'command center' (included in bedsite telephone). Knobs at drawers come off, yes, the shower door does not really stay closed, but who cares. Spa is awesome, nice pool, book a massage if you have time. We ate at the truly amazing Shanghai Terrace (inhouse). My guest, who likes to eat very well, was blown away. Upon check-out there was a minor problem with the fact that the breakfast had not yet been charged to the room and the receptionist had to use persuasive language to get this done. And yes, she was rather rude. Does not fit in this hotel.Room was absolutely quiet, which is a nice change from a lot of hotels (Swissotel with the rambling elevators can make sleep impossible).I would not pay the price out of my own pocket, but on someone else's credit card - why not.	
Nov 8 2007 	The Best!	WOW! I’m not sure that there are enough superlatives in my vocabulary to completely describe my experience at The Peninsula. The only downside is that this hotel will possibly ruin you for all lesser offerings.My wife and I moved here for one night after spending two nights across the street at the Ritz-Carlton. The desk staff at the Peninsula was accommodating was able to get us assigned a room at the early time of 10:00 AM even though we were visiting on a very busy weekend. This was a nice surprise to begin our stay. The friendly clerk then walked us to our room, introduced us to the many features of the room, and verified that everything was to our satisfaction. I found the level of service throughout the hotel to be exceptional. Every employee that I came into contact with was polite and helpful.The room was very nice. We had reserved basic room, and found it to be quite comfortable and spacious. The earth toned décor is elegant without being overwhelming. The bed and linens are just wonderful, and it can be hard to coax yourself out of bed in the morning. The fact that you can control all of the electrical for your room from a bedside panel was a feature that I had never before experienced, and I just loved it.The bathroom was also large and well appointed. A two person soaking tub with a television perched above was on the far wall. Another control panel for the lights, radio, television, and phone are within easy reach. The tub’s speakerphone even neutralizes the sound of the water so that a caller does not hear that you are calling from the tub! The bathroom which is all finished in marble and frosted glass also includes a large shower and other necessary facilities. The room also contains a fair sized closet, electronic safe, personal fax machine, DVD Player, and well stocked mini-bar. The 19th and 20 floors are where the pool and spa are located. We found these areas to also be very nice. Most of the common areas were stocked with chilled bottled water, and the lobby had a coffee bar set up in the AM hours. The hotel bar is a warm, inviting place to have a drink. However, it can get quite crowded.If there are any negatives to mention, I would say that the selection of soaps in the room could have been better. Also, parking $$$ will break you if you bring an auto, but I guess that is pretty standard for downtown Chicago.In conclusion, this place is just the best! At least the best I have ever stayed in. the Peninsula has a great location right on North Michigan, a warm, friendly staff, and very comfortable rooms. What else can you ask for?	
Oct 27 2007 	Loved the hotel	This was my first trip to Chicago and my first stay at a Peninsula hotel. The room and the staff were both great. I plan to stay at other Peninsula hotels in the future.	
Oct 22 2007 	wonderful	High class hotel, with large rooms and huge bathrooms. Luxurious bathrooms especially. Great rooftop pool.	
Oct 7 2007 	Very disappointing and not worth the price	My husband and I booked a $795 Executive Suite for a birthday weekend. A person from the hotel called last week to ask our newspaper, drink, fruit, and housekeeping preferences. Nice touch, right? Well, we thought so too until we arrived and the front desk asked us the questions again. Unfortunately none of our preferences were acknowledged at any time during our stay. Why ask if you're not going to attempt them?We checked in at the front desk, and were truly taken aback by the rudest, most short tempered front desk person we have ever encountered. It really surprised us how someone like this could be checking in guests at such a nice hotel. It made such a poor first impression. My husband - whose ears were still stuffy from the plane - asked twice on what floor was the fitness center located. The second time she answered, she huffed and snapped at my husband. It was a very unsettling experience.Our suite was okay, but not great. The furniture was very scratched up. The outdated TVs had very poor pictures. The phones were also very outdated, and one did not work. We had to call for housekeeping 4 times on Saturday. We received half a newspaper on Sunday (they are placed inside a locked box so we knew it was delivered that way!) The suite did not meaure up to its price, hype or reputation.We thought the location was good - but saw many other luxury hotels in the same location. The bed was comfy, and room service was good. We will not stay at The Peninsula when we visit Chicago in the future. We strongly suggest you stay somewhere else.	
Sep 30 2007 	Good...but not great	I recently stayed two nights at an Executive Suite at the Peninsula. I almost always like to stay at Four Seasons properties when I travel, I had never been to Chicago, and so I was really torn, but based on the reviews here, and wanting to try something new, I chose the Peninsula. Arrival went smoothly. Our rental car was met promptly and courteously and the bellhop was quick and very pleasant. Check-in was fine, although the reception was a bit chilly, not the welcoming Four Seasons experience I am accustomed to. In addition, the entire lobby which includes a very large and lovely lobby bar as well as a separate room containing a darker, more traditional bar, reeked of cigar/cigarette smoke. This was not a promising start. I too, went in with pretty high expectations of the room. For $795 a night, I expect something pretty special. But the first impression of the room, an executive suite with three-way directional views, left me flat. It was fine, but there was no 'wow' factor. The wall-mounted flat screen TV in the living room was nice, the TV at the foot of the bathtub is cool, sorta, but I wasn't overwhelmed. The drapes were not automated, which was annoying. The room was cold, and when I went to turn on the heat, I found baseboard heaters which did not work in the bedroom and in the living room reeked of something burning. We called down to the front desk and asked for the problem to be fixed while we went out to dinner (at Topolobampo, which was FABULOUS).When we returned, we did not know if a technician had been to the room. The burning smell was gone, but the heaters in the bedroom (which is separated from the living room by a long hallway and the bathroom) were still not working. I called down to the front and a technician came up promptly and explained that he had thought he had fixed the problem. He puttered around then left again saying he would try something else. He never returned and the heaters never worked in the bedroom for the duration of our stay. The small service missteps continued. I had asked for daily delivery of the Trib, but got the NY Times both days. I couldn't get the TV in the living room to work and felt like an idiot, but then even the technician couldn't get it to work, and that required some work before it was operational. Room service for breakfast was prompt, but the coffee and pastries weren't very good. We ventured into the bar briefly, but the incredibly stiffling smoke drove us out. I dreaded walking through the lobby because the smell prevades the entire floor. For a hotel of this caliber, this is really unacceptable. The second night we took advantage of the house car, a lovely black Lexus with driver provided free to guests, when available, to go within a 2 mile radius. It was a nice change from the rather harrowing cab ride experiences. Our room came with the acclaimed Hastings bed, which was indeed, fabulous. The towels and bathrobes, while roomy, were not very soft. The amenities in the bathroom were fine and as expected (bath products, hair dryer, dental product, sewing kit, slippers). The room is very quiet and effectively blocks most of the city noise and we never heard anything from other guests or rooms. We had a rather packed schedule and did not get up to the spa/pool area. The hotel itself is located within easy walking distance of the Art Instititue, Millenium Park, and some very nice shopping. If I return to Chicago, I would not return to the Peninsula.	
Sep 20 2007 	Disappointing	Maybe my expectations were too high but I must say that I was very disappointed in my stay at this hotel. My trip was relative to three days in Chicago on business and was booked by my company. Finding out I was staying at the Peninsula seemed like quite a treat, but I won't be back. The hallways and rooms are looking worn (surprising for a hotel of this caliber) and service was average at best. Also, upon getting to my room it had a very odd smell to it ... I even double-checked to insure I was in a non-smoking room. As I went into the bathroom to unpack, there was a used tissue, used towel, used soap and water all on the bathroom counter. Also, it was obvious that the toilet had been used. All I can come up with is that someone else had checked-in, decided not to deal with the odor and checked out of the room; however, no one took the time to clean it or even double-check what the previous guest possibly had done to the room. When I called the front desk, I was immediately moved to another room but it kind of set the tone for my visit.I have enjoyed stays at other Chicago hotels much more and I know they did not charge what The Peninsula does. While I may be back on business, I would never book this hotel on my own.	
Aug 28 2007 	Second visit - consistant high quality	This was my second stay at the hotel. This time I came for a get-a-way weekend with my wife to celebrate our anniversary. The location was great and the room was excellent. Check in was quick and flawless. The front desk confirmed all of our dinner reservations booked via concierge (reservations were for both in and outside of the hotel). The hotel gave us a complimentary bottle of wine and chocolate covered strawberries for our special occassion. Prior to our arrival my wife ordered Congac and cigars to surprise me. She was a little upset that they were not in the room upon arrival as she had requested and confirmed. The room was very comfortable. The bed was incredible - wxtremely comfortable!!! There was plenty of closet space and a large, well appointed bathroom. The room was service was excellent. Every time we ordered ( a least once a day) we were quoted a time of arrival. They arrived almost to the minute from the time we were quoted (I don't know how they do that unless they are waiting outside our room and knocking right at the quoted time.) Finally, the staff treated us like movie stars. Everyone remembered our names and always asked how our dinner reservations turned out the previous evening. We truly enjoyed our stay and would highly recommend the hotel to couples.	
Aug 26 2007	Tired room and weak spa.	We had high hopes for our stay but were disappointed. First, we booked a deluxe superior room; the view of an exterior wall of an adjoining building left something to be desired. I turned on the water in the sink and it started filling up with water. I pushed the lever down to open the drain and the entire lever came off in my hand and something metal dropped to the floor. Next my wife took a shower and the shower door would not stay closed. Needless to say, it was surprising to find that things were broken and not working properly in our room.The next morning I went to the spa and BOTH the steam room and the whirlpool were broken. While in the pool area, I spoke with a fellow guest who stated that while using the hair dryer in his room he received a rather large electrical shock. The management offered to take 25% off his bill.On the whole, the Peninsula was a nice hotel but they need to work harder at keeping the mechanical elements working.	
Aug 8 2007 	Swanky lovely hotel	The women in my family stayed at the Peninsula for three nights in August 2007. We had three rooms adjacent to each other, one with a Bed and Breakfast package. Two of our rooms were ready at check in time, but the third was not ready even an hour later. We found out that a prior guest had smoked in the room and they were trying to air it out. It never did air out over our stay. To the credit of the hotel, they did offer to move us on our second day, but we declined because of the hassle factor. Otherwise, check-in was the low point of our stay. The person that checked me in seemed to not know what to ask me, how to print out the check in card, and never asked me questions about newspaper preferences, food allergies, etc. that the others in my party were asked. The woman who checked in my mother was downright rude, talking down to her in an insulting way. We believe she is the assistant manager, but we aren't sure. This did not start our stay off well, especially when we found out her room was the one that had been smoked in. Actually, the main level with the restaurants, check in, and concierge always reeked of smoke. We wondered if there was a cigar bar in the hotel. A good reason to ban smoking in all public areas of hotels, in our opinion.Other than this worrisome beginning, the rest of the stay was great. We loved the rooms - regal, warm decor, a stupendous bathroom, great a/c during a very hot time, and staff that catered to our many requests prompty and graciously. Softest sheets ever and large, thirsty towels -- heaven!We had a number of treatments in the spa, all great. The facilities were top notch and very clean.We had afternoon tea the day we arrived and it was lovely. However, the breakfast package proved to be a bust. Their breakfast menu is fairly limited and the food was outrageously expensive. I don't mind paying $30+ per person for breakfast, but I want a lot of choices, served promptly. Service was uniformly slow in the Dining Room, although waiting in such a grand space was not the worst thing in the world!It is hard to decide if the experience was worth the price we paid. I have stayed at the Park Hyatt and the Four Seasons, and I found this experience on par, although more pricey. I don't think we would go back to the Peninsula, especially with the opening of a Mandarin Oriental and a Shangri-La property in Chicago in the near future. I think we would try these other properties, especially if their rates are competitive.	
Jul 9 2007 	Still my favorite hotel in Chicago	I had a very pleasant three night stay at the Peninsula Chicago in late April, 2007. My room was a grand deluxe king, on the top floor of the hotel. This was my third stay – my previous two stays had been in an Executive Suite and a Junior Suite.As with each stay, the check-in was flawless – I was on my way to my room within a couple minutes. The front desk asked if I had dinner plans, and when I told them I was interested in eating at the Shanghai Terrace (one of the on-site restaurants), they called right away and made reservations for me.The room was very comfortable. There was terrific lighting, and the desk was more than suitable for business. The couch in the room was also comfortable, and had excellent lighting for reading. The linens were first rate. Everything in the room was in excellent condition.The bathroom is very similar to the bathrooms in the suites, except that there is only one sink, not two. Otherwise, the separate shower and tub were identical to the ones in the suites. I note that the tub has a built in TV at its foot (with waterproof controls next to the tub) – this feature contributed to my son (on a prior trip) describing the hotel as his favorite of all time.All aspects of the service were at Peninsula levels – superb.I went into this stay with the Peninsula being my favorite hotel in Chicago, and I left the stay with no reason to change my mind. I’ll be back.	
Jul 2 2007 	That's why you choose the Peninsula	Fabulously professional service and elegant rooms. Some of the room electronics and televisions could be updated, but it's even a stretch to find fault with that. Perfect business stay.	
Jun 25 2007 	Really great. Lots of perks	Great location. Next to water tower which is great for taking the free trolley or the bus. Rooms are very clean, crisp. There is a small crack on top of the bath but who cares? Large rooms with separate corridor for luggage &amp; wardrobe so you are not cramped in like with most hotels. Bathroom has a shower recess with 2 showerheads (one fixed and one portable). Bathtub also has a showerhead. TV in the bathroom. Free slippers, internet (which I am using now to write this review), Molton Brown lotions/shampoos and bottled water which are all very handy. Pet friendly (seen a dog in the lobby). Highly recommended....Did I mention the powder/makeup area in the bathroom as well?	
Jun 7 2007 	Afive-star hotel in a great location	Our recent stay at the Peninsula Hotel in Chicago for a business meeting was great with only positive comments! The hotel is actually large, with over 300 rooms, but we never felt anonymous or as one of the masses. The placement of the reception area on the second floor gives it a sense of privacy, and there was always that rarefied and discreet feel throughout --in the elevators, the hallways, in the Lounge restaurant, etc.. Service was excellent all around: attentive, anticipatory, polite, and very accommodating. At check-out, with 2 people ahead of us, an additional staff member promptly appeared to help &quot;move things along&quot;. For what I think was a fairly standard double room, we had a view of the Water Tower; the bed was really, really comfortable; all bed and bath linens were squeaky clean and fluffy; but the star was the brilliantly spacious bathroom with marble-tiled separate shower, a granite vanity, tons of strategically glass doors/partitions, and Molton Brown bath products. We agree with one of the previous reviewers that the room decor is neither designer-trendy nor overly rich, but we ourselves didn't mind the understated and unfussy furnishings after being overly stimulated all day with work-related stuff. We ate at the hotel restaurant Avenues and found the innovative cuisine to be lots of fun (lavender-crusted squabs; heirloom beet salads with citrus segments and lamb's tongue baby greens, etc.) The hotel is on East Superior, between N. Michigan and Rush, with all kinds of interesting galleries, boutiques, and luxury brand shops nearby away from Michigan Ave. and along smaller tree-lined streets. At the same time, it is quite easy to get back to the Loop -- approx. 5 mins. by cabs (and about 5-6 dollars) to get to Orchestra Hall, the Art Institute.We have previously stayed at the InterContinental, which we thought was nice but not on the same level, and at the Fairmont, which was very nice, but the location of the Fairmont was a little more awkward in relations to shops, etc.There is a spa on the top floor, which we didn't have a chance to see or use.	
Jun 6 2007	rude and unprofessional service at the Spa at the Peninsula	We stay at the best five star hotels all over the world. We really love the Four Seasons for their consistent service. We live in Chicago and travel often. I booked a spa appointment at the Peninsula spa in Chicago although we have stayed more often at the Park Hyatt and love it-- better service and great room up to date rooms.My husband booked my spa appointment as a gift which I was excited about and received an excellent treatment but the spa manager was rude and hung up on me when I asked her a simple question..Her name is Tiffany Craig. I would never book another appointment or stay at the Peninsula Chicago again under the circumstances. If this person represents the Peninsula style, I guess no one I know would be interested in staying at the Peninsula Chicago. My grandfather and myfamily were frequent guests for many years at the Peninsula Hong Kong.Unfortunately, those days are now over.	
May 10 2007 	"Handicapped room"--Great stay	There are lots of reviews of this hotel, which is why I decided to stay there; but I thought I would review the &quot;handicapped&quot; room we got when we booked a couple of days before and were given almost the last available room in the place. Obviously they like to save it for people in wheelchairs or with disabilities. Perhaps others may like to know what to expect from these rooms at the Peninsula.Because of delays (we landed in a snowstorm), we arrived at the hotel after midnight, but were greeted pleasantly. If I had wanted, someone would have taken our bags up to the room, but I liked that no one insisted. There were no stairs to negotiate in or out of the hotel. The entrance is on the ground floor, but then you take an elevator to the lobby floor.Our room was large and comfortable with room for a wheelchair to go around the beds, through the doorways and into the bathroom. The bathroom was designed for wheelchair use and all the storage, except for the closet, was at wheelchair-accessible levels. On a side note, the Chinese restaurant at the hotel gave me one of the two best Chinese meals I have experienced in my life-- the other was Hakkasan in London a few years ago--, and I am a Chinese-food aficionado. I was not surprised when I made inquiries and found that the chefs in both cases came from great hotels in Singapore, Raffles and the Mandarin Oriental respectively. The Peninsula is perfectly located and I will certainly try to stay there whenever I go back to Chicago.	
May 2 2007 	Expensive dowdy rooms a downer despite service location	Dowdy rooms but very good service. Good location but there are nearby hotels also with excellent service for much less money. I can't get over how the rooms are rather blah compared to other four and five star hotels.	
Apr 24 2007 	Absolute best ever!	I swear, this is the best hotel in Chicago. Nowhere else will you be treated with such kindness and respect.The attention to detail is superb. My husband and I stayed here over the 4th of July weekend in 2005 and it was awesome.I had breakfast in bed the next morning while my husband went swimming. It was sooooo good.This is definitely worth the price and it is a treat to stay here. They will go out of their way to make your stay as comfortable for you as they can. And they do everything for you. . .We were in awe when they asked us what newspaper we would like in the morning. . .=)	
Mar 22 2007 	Well Worth It	My ten-year-old and I recently returned from the Peninsula. When making my reservation the hotel inquired if they should note a special occasion for our trip. I told them we were celebrating a child's birthday.Much fuss was made of this. A Peninsula Bear, gummy bears, chocolate chip cookies, and special bath treats were delivered to our room. My child felt very special for all the attention while the surprises lent a festive air to the day.We enjoyed the pool frequently. The lanes made for perfect lap swim while children enjoyed themselves in another corner of the pool. Coffee, tea, ice water and fresh fruit are there for guests to enjoy.Check-in and check-out were swift. Our room was ready when we arrived before noon. Concierges Gary and Robert went out of their way to help us secure reservations and make recommendations.The property is beautiful. Our Grand Deluxe room was well-designed, while common areas are luxurious and comfortable(just right for the two of us, but would have been crowded for a family of four). Room service comes at a price at any hotel. Here it was speedy with quality food and a lovely table. Like so many things at this hotel, room service was attended to in great detail. It felt like a treat rather than just a convenience. Where else would I be asked if I prefer milk for my coffee to be warmed or served cold?The tariff is dear, no getting around that. I felt that for a special occassion such as ours, the value was there in the grandness of the hotel, the superior service, and the staff who were friendly and helpful. The Peninsula staff is hardworking, but they always appear to be cheerful. It makes for a pleasant atmosphere.Thank you to all Tripadvisors who reviewed this property, for good or not-so-great. These and other Chicago reviews helped me to select a property.	
Mar 7 2007 	Poor service	It took 45 minutes to check in -- not fun with our two children. Then they told us that the room we booked was not available. We had written confirmation of our reservation, and showed it to them. First they said it was a computer error, then they changed the story to something else. They said that in any event they didn't have any rooms available except a small single room with one king bed -- certainly not sufficient for the 4 of us! We spoke with the manager, and then that person's manager, and they wouldn't do anything except see if they could squeeze in a cot in the small room, admitting that at best it would be a tight fit. I explained that I've stayed at many nice hotels, and that if this happened at, for example, a Mariott then they would give us an upgrade. He pretended to type something into the computer, and then told me that no upgraded rooms were available. I then had a friend call and reserve a small suite for the same night. Lo and behold, my friend was able to get us into the suite that he paid for. Unbelievable.	
Feb 10 2007 	A very nice stay at the Peninsula	We stayed at the Peninsula Chicago in January for a weekend with our 2.5 year old daughter. We were booked into the lowest ranking room, a superior with a king sized bed. Although there wasn't much of a view (we looked onto another highrise), the room itself was wonderful.The decor/furnishings were unblemished and that bathtub was pretty neat with the TV. The only weird thing: the toilet is enclosed by frosted glass walls within the bathroom. Not a big deal, but as our little girl gets older, that could easily become an annoying privacy issue.Speaking of kiddie stuff, the crib that they supplied was adorable - linens for a little girl, bath supplies, a stuffed peninsula bear. Very cute - she loved it. The downstairs restaurant supplied me with complimentary milk each evening to take back to the room for her.The manager also arranged for a complimentary bottle of champagne and a trio of chocolate desserts upon arrival into our room - aside from attending a family wedding, we were celebrating my husband's birthday and they certainly made a nice effort towards making it special.The indoor pool/spa is nice -although a bit chilly! We didn't have spa appointments, but the public area of the spa has been newly redecorated and looked great.Other things to note: this is downtown Chicago, so if you are renting a car, be prepared to pay for parking. I think it was just over $40 at the Peninsula for valet, per night. Drive-in and drive-out priviledges included. Also, there is a chocolate buffet each evening on the weekends - make sure to get reservations if you're interested in going.Overall, we loved the Peninsula and wouldn't hesistate in returning.	
Jan 22 2007 	Exceeded expectations	We stayed for my birthday last weekend. The room special included lunch/tea in the atrium. It was such a nice way to start the day off right. My husband mentioned that it was my birthday and the manager arranged to send up a complimentary bottle of champagne and a plate of beautiful birthday chocolates. The staff could not have been more accomodating. The only advice I would give would be to make sure you get a room with a bath tub. It is very luxurious and there is a television right above it. The decorations are very tasteful and elegant. I want to make this an annual adventure.	
Jan 1 2007 	Good but not a top ten in America...	We are both in our 30's and have stayed in very nice resorts both internationally and domestic (four seasons, etc)My honest opinion being a native to Chicago is the hotel is of course beautiful but overall just OK.This hotel is a &quot;top ten&quot; in every list, but no WOW factor at all.The room is very nice and good bathroom (not much better than a deluxe hyatt)The tea service was 'OK&quot; You expect perfect service, food, attention and overall it was nothing better than a decent lunch.The peninsula bar is a great place to enjoy a scotch, cigar, champagne !We once had our privacy please on and were in the shower when housekeeping came in. I called down and asked why they did not look at the sign. They really had no response. Half the time you call concierge they forward you on somewhere else.At four seasons you can ask any staff member for something and he will personally call the right people and call you back.Nothing wrong with this place, but 600-800 a night let's get something clear - it might not be worth it.The pool (3rd time there in 3 years) is not beatiful and again no wow factor. Small hot tub and the spa renovation makes no sense.	
Dec 28 2006 	Not worth it	Overall our stay was just okay. The room we reserved was not available so they offered an upgrade but honestly the upgraded room (small suite) was cramped and was definitely not as open as our double deluxe room would've been. I thought the bathroom was nice but that alone was not worth the $400+ room rate. I did have a couple of issues, the main issue being that the breakfast we ordered via room service was terrible. I actually had to send it back because the eggs were completely overcooked, the ham was rubbery from sitting in the warmer too long and the english muffin was completely cold and untoasted. Overall we were disappointed and have had much better experiences at 5 star hotels like The Ritz and 4 stars like Westin hotels.	
Nov 15 2006 	Excellent	Stayed in a Juior Suite with my three kids in early November, four day weekend. Beautiful suite, if a bit small for four people. The much praised bathroom was a hit with the kids (they spent most of the first hour watching TV in the tub), but I found it a little cramped and the slight lack of privacy for the toilet was a bit of a pain for the four of us.Kids liked the high tech room, but I couldn’t get the thermostat to keep the room cool enough without being too cold. The bed was very comfortable. Wireless internet, unlike, I think, the Ritz.Location just off Michigan Avenue was nice, but views were plain. A nice look at the Walgreens/residential tower across the street. A sliver of beach &amp; waves available. Too low to see far, but couldn’t watch the street traffic because our room was set back.Excellent service, mostly. On the second night, they hadn’t brought our rollaway when we returned around 11:00 and we had to wait almost 45 minutes for it to be setup. Excellent room service, everyone liked their food. Shanghai Terrace was great for lunch. Nice fitness center and pool, though the hot tub was too hot -- another guest agreed. Great free snacks for kids.Price was comparable to a Ritz or Four Seasons suite, though I think perhaps a bit smaller without as nice a view. Overall, I think I slightly prefer the Ritz, but the kids liked the Peninsula better and I won’t veto if I get outvoted.	
Nov 13 2006 	Maximum comfort minimum headache	Spent 3 nights with my family of 6, including 4 children ages 9 to 16, and all I can say is wow. My husband and I are well-traveled New Yorkers and we were impressed with just about every part of the experience. The only hotels that come close in our experience are the Oberoi's we stayed in in India. The Peninsula offered prompt, courteous, professional and highly competent service throughout, in a serene and elegant setting. We would stay there again in a heartbeat.When we arrived we found we'd been upgraded to the Topaz Suite and it was stunning. Quiet, immaculate, tastefully decorated, with a kitchenette, dining area big enough for all of us, lovely bathrooms, etc. There were fresh orchid and other flower arrangements in every room. Complimentary champagne, chocolates and other treats for the kids were very much appreciated. And the rooms had wonderful views of the water tower, lake and Michigan Avenue. The concierge and front desk were extremely helpful. We were allowed a late checkout at 5:30pm, which was great.Room service was excellent, always arriving within 30 minutes, and the food was fantastic. I mean, really really good. We also enjoyed the Chinese restaurant downstairs. Not your ordinary Chinese restaurant, the food seemed more interesting and authentic than the usual fare.The only thing that was even close to a disappointment was the lobby restaurant. The chocolate buffet was probably not worth the cost, unless you take the live music into account, which on the night we were there was an excellent small jazz group with a fantastic vocalist. Might have been better to just have a drink and skip the buffet.At the other end of the spectrum was the Sunday brunch buffet. This was truly outstanding, with more choices of foods, of the highest caliber, than I've ever seen at a Sunday brunch. This was one of the high points of our stay.The kids loved the pool and hot tub. My husband and I fell in love with the fitness center. I'm partial to working out, if not outdoors, then in a room with big windows, and the fitness center really delivered, with excellent machines facing huge windows on the 20th floor. The location of the hotel is great as well. We'd definitely go back, but maybe next time for a romantic weekend by ourselves . . .	
Oct 31 2006 	Smooth operators	Stayed at the Peninsula for two nights (Saturday and Sunday) while in Chicago for a wedding (held at the Peninsula). As wedding guests we received a discounted rate for our room and I'm not sure to which room category it belonged. We had two king beds.The Peninsula reminded me of a well-oiled machine, like a luxury car. The place is big enough to feel anonymous but the service is excellent when you need it to be. The check-in staff at the Front Desk disappointed (knew nothing about the wedding, could not tell us about a scheduled bus journey for wedding guests leaving from the hotel, etc) but everyone else from housekeeping to bell staff to the doormen were friendly and efficient. Smooth is the word that kept coming to mind.The decor is bland but restful. My partner found the room control system (varying degrees of light, heat and entertainment at your fingertips by the bedside) to be confusing. If you're not technically inclined, ask the bell person who brings your luggage up to show you how to work the lights. For the rest of us, it's pretty neat. I liked being able to darken the bedroom while keeping the entryway slightly lit for my partner the night I went to bed early. The ambiance lighting worked a treat.Bathroom was fantastic, as per everyone else's review. And ours didn't even have a window, so no view from the bathtub. It was still one of the best hotel bathrooms I've seen -- separate stand up shower from a huge soaking bathtub, towels galore, not just two sinks but two separate vanities complete with toiletries and mirrors. Cue more of that ambiance lighting for a long soak in the tub (I didn't avail myself of the television though).If you're wondering whether or not the Peninsula is &quot;worth&quot; the extra money, I would say it depends on what you value and the purpose of your trip. Some people just want the cheapest place in which to hang their hat, so to speak. Other people care about the concierge's ability to secure tickets and restaurant bookings. Personally, I value comfortable beds, good storage and closet space for hanging up my clothes and intelligent, verging on indulgent, bathrooms. The Peninsula fit my bill for this particular visit at this particular time though I would consider staying there again in the future if I needed to be in downtown Chicago.	
Oct 15 2006 	Personal service but no wow factor.	Yes, The Peninsula offers a very personal touch to staying at a hotel but we were not &quot;wowed&quot; by our overall experience.After checking in, we arrived in our room and were greeted by mood lighting and soft music, about 30 minutes later, we received a complimentary plate of fruit for our first time staying here.Our Superior King Guestroom was nice and inviting but nothing we haven't had before at other hotels.We did not use the spa, but we did use their workout room. It offers a great view (from the treadmills) looking out towards Lake Michigan or Michigan Avenue and a small assortment of weight machines. Headsets and bottled water are also available. The rooftop lounge area only has enough chairs for about 10 people so get your seat early if you want to soak up the sun.The chocolate buffet on Saturday night offers a large table full of chocolate treats, but we found most of them dry and bland. Hardly worth the $30+ per person.We booked this hotel for a weekend getaway and enjoyed the location, but we will not be returning next year.	
Oct 1 2006 	Magnificient...	If you have the money to spend on a top notch, 5 star hotel in the loop of Chicago, look no further than the Peninsula. The bellmen in the front were very courteous. The room was excellent -- defiinitely the best we've stayed in.If I have a complaint, it was with the front desk. They fell through on a couple of tasks. Other than those things at the front desk, this hotel is a 10+.	
Sep 27 2006	My Favorite in Chicago	While the views don't match the Four Seasons or Park Hyatt, the Peninsula rooms are superior, close to flawless and very quiet. No sounds from adjacent rooms and street noise almost completely muffled. The rooms, dressing area and bath are spacious--at least in the Grand Deluxe. Separate shower in bright marble bath. Impeccable service in all regards. Superb location. This was my 3rd or 4th annual stay and i continue to consider this my favorite hotel in Chicago.	
Sep 13 2006	I will never look at another hotel the same again!	I have to disagree with the previous post about the Peninsula being unfriendly toward African Americans. I took my husband there in August as a birthday surprise and I am still recovering from the extreme pampering and luxury. The staff was very accomodating, and everyone went out of their way to make sure we had an enjoyable stay. My husband and I, who are both African American, checked into the Peninsula at around 1:30 in the afternoon. Not only was our room ready, we were also offered a complimentary room upgrade. The room was unlike anything I had ever experienced. We had tea in the Lobby that afternoon. Everything was delicious and the service was impeccable. We were seated immediately, and the wait staff was attentive. I couldn't have asked for a better experience. As a matter of fact, there was a table with about 10 African American women having tea right next to us. Later that night my husband and I wanted dinner from Grand Lux Cafe, but we were too lazy to walk there. I called the concierge and she sent someone out to pick up our food for us and deliver it to our room. I didn't see or experience any discrimination at all during my stay, and I plan to go back often.	
Sep 7 2006	outstanding hotel	Stayed here for the first time. The hotel is outstanding. I especially enjoyed the rooftop pool and deck. The deck is a nice way to spend the afternoon reading the paper while looking out at the Sears Tower. The room was nice and although some prior reviews did not like the bed, it was great.....sank into for a sound nights sleep. The public spaces, like the lobby, far surpass the nearby rival Four Seasons.	
Aug 3 2006 	The ultimate in comfort and elegance	Beautiful and supremely comfortable room (where else can you get a TV at the foot of the bath); a enormous beautiful roof-top pool with an amazing view; and excellent food -- not to mention the extremely attentive service (I would actually prefer if it were slightly less fawing, but that's my taste). I can't even complain about the price (high), because it was certainly justified by the quality. What's not to like?	
Jul 24 2006	best in chicago from a new yorker	stayed 2 times before, once in Aug of 05 and in Feb 06 and am booking agian this August, the hotel is first class, food and personal service was perfect, am booked again, i go to Northwestern Medical every 6 months from Southampton, NY and have had nothing but the best experiences, great location.	
Jul 8 2006 	Back on Top!	The first time we stayed at the Pen in Chicago was in 2004 and the hotel was ranked by T&amp;L magazine as the best in the US. While the hotel was very nice, it did not live up to our expectations. Well, it is two years later and things have changed! We have tried both the Four Seasons and Ritz in Chicago since our last stay and from now on we will stay at the Pen when in Chicago. My main complaint the last time was the bed - it was impossible to get a good nights rest because it was hard as a rock. Well, the Peninsula has rectified that issue - slept like a baby last night in a very comfortable bed. This is truly a five-star hotel - the location is perfect, the rooms are state of the art (very high tech), and the customer service from EVERYONE on the staff was top tier.The Peninsula Chicago has my business forever...	
Jun 6 2006	Wonderful Wonderful Wonderful	This place is heaven on earth! The room was divine - I only had a view of the parking lot, but who cares when the carpet is a foot thick and the bathtub is huge! The bed was so comfortable I almost overslept and missed my meeting I was in town on business for. I ordered breakfast in and was perfectly satisfied.I had a few hours before my flight home, so I had a glass of wine in the lobby restaurant. When I needed to run out to make a phone call, my waiter kept watch on my bags near my table while I was gone - that is what I call service! They even had models wearing the latest from YSL walking around the room in case you had a couple thousand dollars to spare. The cost is high, but if you want to know what superior service coupled with ultimate luxury is, stay at this hotel!	
May 6 2006	Excellent hotel in great location	Stayed at the Peninsula Chicago for three nights late April/early May. Guy right there at streetside to greet cab and offer to take luggage up. (I decline that...feel guilty having anyone carry my luggage around. Im', relatively young and healthy enough! I go ahead and tip the guy anyway, since they probably peg you a cheapskate, not that that should bother me.) Check-in smooth but awkward and irritating as the clerk tries (through smiling face) to pronounce my not-really-THAT difficult ethnic name over and over. I even say it slowly, and have handed a written pronunciation to the person in similar situations in the past, but it doesn't seem to do any good. I would just as soon not have people calling my name in public where it can be overheard. Paranoid, you say? Perhaps. But I did get burned in a sitaution because of that one time. Something I don't want to go through again while on the road.Then, clerk tries to line up transportaion (limousine) for your return trip to airport, etc... Not really necessary, I say. Asks me what time I'd like turndown service each night, and room make-up each day. I tell him, and that night, when I returned 30 minutes after turndown time, it hadn't been done. Next day, two hours after room make-up time request, it hadn't been done. To me, turndown service is like a lot of things in life -- nice, but hardly necessary. I do like having a room made up though!Had a Junior Suite. Very clean. Separate living room and bedroom, large.long entrance foyer, phones all over the place, including three in bathroom. Bathroom very nice with TV at foot of deep tub, radio console as well, two separte vanities. I was there by myself, so there was plenty of room. I don't mind paying for extra space. Pampering I can do without. For the most part, hotel workers left me alone, which I like. I'm from the &quot;don't call me, I'll call you&quot; school. If I need something, I'll ask. Don't hover and make a lot of fuss on my account.Very quiet, serene, dignified atmosphere permeates throughout the hotel and restaurants. Service and waitstaff at Lobby Restaurant exemplary. Food very expensive, but what do you expect?All kinds of great restaurants and shops around the hotel (Magnificent Mile). Walgreens across the street for sundries at good price. Hotel Gift Shop very small and comes up short in that regard. Also, no ice machines or vending machines on property. Again, something I don't mind doing for myself if given that opportunity. Also, no mouthwash as part of bathroom products. Does have everything else.Pool area and fitness room(s) outstanding. Nice pool and hot tub with great views. Exercise room has many Cybex machines to work all parts of body, plus usual assortment of treadmills, lifecycles, etc...Will definitely stay there again, and am looking forward to it.	
Apr 24 2006	Worth every penny	My husband and I stayed in this hotel for new years eve and had a wonderful, wonderfl time. The room was beautiful and the service phenomenal. I had a massage at the spa and met my husband afterwards in the pool. The pool facilities are amazing - i wanted to spend an entire day in the locker rooom. They had fluffy towels, a menthol steam room and fancy bath products in the HEALTH CLUB showers. Back at the room we had a huge bathroom with tub and double shower. There were Molton Brown products there as well. The bed was divine and there was a remote control next to it on both sides that controlled the drapes and lights in the entire room. There was a welcome bag with little treats when we got there. The next morning i had breakfast with girlfriends in the little cafe next door which was wonderful, too. One of the best new years eves I have ever had.	
Mar 26 2006	One of the Best in the US	Spent five wonderful nights at this terrific hotel. It is the staff and service that set this hotel apart from others. First class, professional and friendly.I normally only experience service like this in five star hotels in Asia. The Pen Chicago brings five star service to the U.S. Management is doing something right here. The lobby bar dinner was quite expensive and not too great. Other than that, no complaints. Cannot wait to return to Chicago and stay at the Pen.	
Feb 15 2006	Elegant with excellent service	My husband and I stayed at the Peninsula Chicago over the New Year's weekend. The hotel is elegantly decorated and the service was excellent. I was a little disapointed with the food. We had afternoon tea on New Year's Eve and felt the food could have been a little better. It lacked freshness ever so slightly. Okay, so I'm comparing the food to my tea experience at Claridges in London in October 2005. I would still recommend the hotel.	
Jan 20 2006	Truly a pleasure	Stayed at the Peninsula for one night in late December, and had an absolutely wonderful experience.From the first contact with the staff to the last, everything was flawless. A request for a high floor, even though I was paying a discount rate? &quot;Certainly sir, how about a room on our 18th (top floor) overlooking Michigan Avenue.&quot; OK! 15 minutes later, housekeeping wants to confirm the age of our daughter to get the appropriate robe and slipper size. An hour later, room service is knocking (or, ringing the doorbell, rather) to deliver a complimentary welcome gift; a tray of fresh chocolate chip cookies, a bottle of coke, gummy bears and jello -- all for the kids. (Rooms without children seemed to be receiving a tray of dried fruits and nuts, which also looked very good). Upon checkout, which took all of about 30 seconds, the clerk was efficient and friendly, while also acting warm and sincere. Physically, the hotel is gorgeous, and impecabbly clean. Our double bedded room was large with a nice seating area, comfortable desk, and a nice little hallway between the bathroom and bedroom. Molton Brown amenities and super-soft towels completed the experience. In the bedroom, bed sheets were soft and luxurious, although I must admit, the bed wasn't as good as some in lower-class properties, although it was still comfortable. The Spa is a must on the upper two levels of the hotel, with great locker rooms, a cool pool, fitness room, and a great selection of teas, coffee, citrus water and fruits in between. The conceirge staff effortlessly handled our questions and gave great recommendations for breakfast. When I called down for directions to a theater, they had it drawn out in minutes. But, thinking back on the experience, it all goes back to the staff, which truly made the trip. Every member of the hotel made an effort to greet us in the hall, and all seemed to care about their jobs, delivering service that was super-professional, but also not snotty. Needless to say, I can't wait to go back.	
Dec 16 2005	A bit disappointed	The Peninsula was clearly a very nice 5 star hotel. But I was hoping that for the price, it would be the best in town. I have also stayed at the Four Seasons and the Park Hyatt. I think the Park Hyatt is a little more hip, more of a place to take your spouse on a romantic, urban weekend. The Four Seasons is superior in terms of service. I had some difficulty with the concierge at the Peninsula. Nothing major, but despite a request and an assurance of an early check-in, we had to wait a couple of hours to check into our room, which was especially inconvenient since we were traveling with our 2 year old son. Also, there was a mix up with dinner reservations that were not confirmed. I also purchased a special package for our son the &quot;Peninsula Kids&quot; or something. It included a backpack and some goodies for kids. The backpack was so cheap we left it in the room and I would not recommend it. It would be better to just order room service treats for the kiddos. The good news? The hotel was very accomodating to children. The babysitter service was wonderful. And the room service menu was excellent. They had a huge menu for children, which was wonderful. The rest of the food was good, but insanely expensive. I usually don't bat an eye at expensive food, but it was pricey, even by my standards. The bathrooms were awesome, with the flat screen television in the tub. Next time, I will probably stay at the Four Seasons again.	
Nov 26 2005	Family Trip to Chicago for Thanksgiving	We stayed at this hotel from 21-25 November with our children, ages 4 &amp; 6. Since many of the reviews touch on the beauty of the hotel which is as beautiful as everyone says, I'll gear my review towards those traveling with small children and trying to decide if this hotel is a good fit.1. Location. The Peninsula was perfectly situated for all our excursions to the various museums around town since it's a block from Watertower, the Disney store on Michigan, a couple blocks from Lake Shore Drive and about 2 blocks from the &quot;El&quot; elevated trains/subway. The American Girl store is on the same block around the corner and the Hershey Store and Girardelli were just a few steps more. Plenty of shopping for everyone on Michigan Ave.2. Staff. Everyone was friendly to us and our children. The staff of Avenues was fantastic. Those on the Lobby Restaurant were hit or miss. 3. Restaurants/Food. The Children's Afternoon Tea in the Lobby was yummy with mini hamburgers, PB &amp; J, &amp; ham and cheese in addition to the sweets and a pot of hot chocolate. Pierre Gourmet, the French Cafe just outside the main entrance, was perfect for breakfast (and probably for lunch). The staff and friendly and attentive to us and our children. Room service did well by us when we ordered dessert for the family one evening. Everything arrived on time and was as ordered. The hotel does have a children's menu at the Lobby and Avenues but the selection is somewhat limited.4. Pool. There are three swimming lanes and a hot tub on the 19th floor. There were a few swimmers swimming laps while we were there who were politely tolerant of the 10+ children in the area. While not ideal for children or those who are swimming laps for that matter, it might make a good 30 minute diversion.5. Pen Kids Package. We researched the various packages at the Four Seasons and Ritz Carlton before picking the Peninsula. The most kid friendly package was at the Ritz Carlton and it provided the most value for the $. If you choose the Peninsula, I would go with the standard room rate or the American Girl package and spend the additional $60+/per night from the Pen Kids Package elsewhere. With the package, the kids got a nice welcome snack, Pen Kids multi-color backpacks, a signature bear (who can't keep it's pants on), crayons and some coloring paper. We also received two coupons (one for ice cream at Bloomingdale's and children's admission to the Children's Museum at Navy Pier). A better investment is to buy a family membership at your local ASTC museum which had reciprocity at a number of museums in Chicago (Museum of Science &amp; Industry, Children's Museum and Field Museum, to name only a few).6. Room. Our bathroom was a nice extension of the main room. Whenever we were there, the kids wanted to take a bath and watch cartoons. This came in handy if one of the kids wanted to nap or as a diversion if one woke up before the other in the morning.7. We also took advantage of the Thanksgiving buffet offered by the hotel. The food came from all three restaurants and exceeded our expectations. The hotel had also created a separate kids area with movies, playstation, and crafts that our kids enjoyed. The only negative were the $18 mimosas we ordered with the meal but thought were included with the buffet.All in all the Peninsula is a wonderful hotel, in a great location. It is clear that the chain is trying to cater to families - the kids room during the buffet was a good example of this.	
Nov 26 2005 	Great experience in Chicago	When I arrived at the Peninsula after the usual traffic filled ride from O'Hare, I was completedly frazzled and must have shown it. The check in person asked me for my favorite wine and 5 minutes after I reached my beautiful suite, a glass of complimentary wine arrived. What a treat!!! I have stayed at the Peninsula again and the rooms and service are terrific. So are both of the restaurants. I have stayed at the Peninsulas in Hong Kong and Bankok, both of which have better views, but in all other respects the Chicago Peninsula is in their category of among the best hodels in the world.	
Nov 22 2005	Close (but not quite) perfection	The Peninsula in Chicago is an adventure in extravagance. Our suite was charming; spacious, and with the most extraordinary bathroom I've ever encountered in a hotel, complete with an enormous soaking tub overlooking the Chicago skyline...and a built-in television behind glass, so you could catch the news while indulging in a bubble bath. (It became my habit.) Our bedlinens were crisp and soft at the same time; and control panels for the lights, the radio, the television, and the front door &quot;privacy&quot; light were well-placed throughout the suite, always a finger-touch away. The hotel's public areas are unapologetically grand; amazing vistas, endless ceilings, and gleaming marble floors. Our only complaints? Room service could be a bit time-consuming; it often took forty minutes to an hour (a far longer wait then, say, the Four Seasons in Beverly Hills or the ever-speedy Covent Garden Hotel in London). Once we even placed a simple order (a pot of coffee) and it never arrived. And the valet wasn't too speedy delivering our luggage upon departure; we must have waited fifteen minutes. If the staff can learn the value of alacrity, then this hotel will rapidly become a true favorite of mine.	
Nov 2 2005	Wow! I can see why this hotel is #1 in the USA!!	After our trip fell thru down to florida b/c my parents still didnt have power from Wilma, the hubby and I decided to take a short trip to chicago. We usually only stay at the Four Seasons, but decided to try the Peninsula based on pics and reviews on here.. and WOW!!! We loved it!From the moment we arrived.. how the head doorman greeted us and they took care of our bags. we got there early at 11am and our room was ready.. we were personally brought to it and given a tour. we then stepped out and got some lunch.. unfortunately their french bistro was booked solid and i didnt want to wait 1 hour.. so, we ate on michigan. upon returning to the hotel they had placed a bottle of champage and choc dipped strawberries and whipped creme out for us!! what a TREAT!! :)i then took a bath in the great tub with the tv.. adn set the mood lighting! so much fun!we had a dinner reservation at Shangai terrace.. and i will agree with the last review.. i wasnt that impressed with the food. to me, it didnt seem to have much taste at all- i got the wok seared lobster and my hubby got the kobi filet.. we also got a bottle of wine and splurged on $20 teas which were amazing. we had a 9pm reservation for the chocolate buffet.. but, we were so exhuasted from the day we decided to pass.. but, i bet it is amazing!!upon waking up sunday morning i called to see if we could get a late checkout... they just told me to &quot;name the time&quot;.. so, we didnt even have to check out until 3pm!!i had booked my hubby for a massage at the spa and myself a facial.. the spa and pool are GREAT! on the 19th and 20th floors of the hotel! great viwes! my hubby loved working out and looking at lake michigan! :)we did have lunch at pierre gourmet then.. it was only a 10 min wait.. EXCELLENT food! i felt like i was back in france! :) tables are very close together and the wait people have to watch out from bumping into one another-- but, itsnt that truly what a french cafe is??one other thing about the hotel-- im an Orchid lover.. and i could not believe the huge, gorgeous orchids they had all around the hotel!! such an oriental, gorgeous look!!!! location as well cannot be beat! right across the street from Saks and Neimanns and within walking distance to all that i love about Michigan Ave! What a great trip! The hotel made all the difference and we will be returning!!	
Oct 30 2005 	Only one drawback	The Peninsula is almost perfect. Simply beautiful hotel. We generally stay at the Four Seasons in Chicago and decided to try the Peninsula for a change. Staff is superb, rooms relatively spacious and location can't be beat. Only one negative. If you are seeking a quiet enviroment, the Peninsula may fall short. Our first room faced Michigan Aveneue and even on the 18th floor, the street noise was significant. Also, our room had a connecting door and the sounds from the room next us were annoying enough that I requested a room change. Staff handled the request quickly and professionally. Our new room faced Chicago Ave and was much better. I do understand that if you want to stay in the heart of a major metro area you will have noise. Although I will say that we've not had noise problems at the Four Seasons. And it borders Michigan Ave also.But overall the Peninsula is a real treat. Just as a sidebar, I didn't think the Shanghai Terrace was that good. It's ok but the food had too much msg.	
Oct 13 2005	Superb	Pure luxury ! It would be difficult to find fault with this hotel. The rooms are fantastic - you can't argue with a TV in the bathroom - the staff always anxious to help - and the location for perfect for the Magnificent Mile. If you are able to stay here take the chance!	
Oct 12 2005 	A remarkable hotel...	This hotel is remarkable; every possible need of every guest is met. The staff is perfectly trained; food (even for meetings) was excellent. I will return without fail.	
Sep 27 2005	Absolutely Wonderful	We went to Chicago for a wedding and chose the Peninsula after struggling through numerous recommedations and reviews on Trip Advisor. I have to say we made an excellent choice; our room (junior suite) was spacious, the beds were comfortable (although not a 'heavenly bed'), the 'at your fingertips' in room gadgets were great as well. The living area was actually very comfortable, which is in contrast to most hotel living areas (e.g. the sofa was soft comfortable, not hard and rigid).My only negative experience was with a gentleman on the concierge staff - on Sunday we wanted a nice brunch spot; he recommended the same places the day before and upon pointing it out to him, he seemed frustrated and asked me to 'then tell me what it is you want' in a less than pleasant tone. I ended up telling him to forget it and walking out. Maybe I am too idealistic, but he should have gone out of his way. I realize they are busy, but this is his job. On the flip side, we encountered many other eager and helpful staff members. I highly recommend this hotel; however, you should book any spa appointments well in advance as they fill up quickly.	
Sep 25 2005	Best in Chicago by far!	There is no doubt that this is the best hotel in Chicago. We have stayed at the Four Seasons, Ritz Carlton, Drake, Whitehall, Hyatt, and others, and none of them have come close to the quality of the Peninsula. The location is perfect, right next to the Water Tower - all the great shopping and restaurants in walking distance, and the &quot;L&quot; two blocks away. The hotel is new (I think it opened in 2002), so all the features and amenities are up to date. The bedside control panels allows one to turn on/off all the lights, control the radio and TV, adjust the thermostat, check the outside temperature, and turn on the do not disturb light outside your room. The beds are as good as the famously wonderful beds at the Four Seasons. The baths are big with double sinks, separate tub (with a TV) and shower, big thick towels, and the toilet is behind a separate door. I just stayed there for my birthday and the hotel gave me a complimentary bottle of French Champagne and a chocolate cake as an arrival gift. The double corner exective suite is spacious and full of light, and at $535/night is less than similar (but not as nice) type rooms at the Four Seasons and Ritz (I think the standard rooms start at around $350). The restaurants are wonderful. Avenues is one of the best restaurants in town, the beautiful lobby restaurant with 2 story wall of windows is great for lunch, tea or cocktails, and the deli/wine bar on the ground floor makes for a great lunch/brunch (we didn't get to the Shanghai Terrace). The service is absolutely wonderful all around. The concierge are friendly, very knowledgable, and helpful. They of course have slippers and robes. The rooms have stereo, DVD player, VCR, fax, and high speed internet access. I noted no negatives (allowing dogs is a major plus in my book); you just can't beat this place!	
Aug 27 2005	different take on hotel than other reviewers	Made reservation over the 1-800 number, which I was told came out of Hong Kong, my fault I didn't ask if hotel was pet friendly until we are at hotel dining with pets, and I mean pets everywhere, and my husband is allergic, we asked at front desk if they had rooms that had not had pets in them NO! I LOVE animals but come on you know most sleep with there owners and I myself at the rate of 1300 for the room said no thanks and drove back home to Indy. The bellman said most hotels are on Michigan Avenue.	
Jul 29 2005	A class apart in Chicago	It lived up to all my expectations of a Peninsula hotel (this being my first one). The decor, restaurants, rooms and bathrooms were top notch - although service was not up to the standards of a Four Seasons. The cigar bar is a trendy spot on a Friday night, the lap pool and outdoor terace gives the feel of an urban resort. All in all made my first trip to Chicago a memorable one!	
Jul 20 2005 	Could have been superb	Well - what can you say about one of the elite 35 five star hotels in the country? Besides being EXPENSIVE (Room - minibar-room service), It is a sublime experience - right down to the slippers. Most people that stay here are used to being pampered and the Peninsula does not disaapoint. However - I was very disappointed with the valet service - insomuch to the point of being downright cranky about it. I called down from my room prior to checkout at about 8:30 am and asked for my car to be sent. At 9:15, I was still waiting for it with a 10:00 am flight from Midway (needless to say I missed my flight). The gentleman at the valet podium was very apologetic and trying hard to compensate with extremely charming conversation but I was upset, nonetheless. My car did not arrive until 9:30 - ONE WHOLE HOUR after I called for it. This is very bad. They explained that they were putting air in my tire - which is very nice but it had been there overnight and had plenty of time to do so without jeopardizing my flight. Will I stay at the Peninsula again? Ye, of course. It is one of only two five star hotels in Chicago. The other being the Four Seasons. And even though the Peninsula is more expensive (about $100.00 more per night for a standard room), it is less &quot;snobby&quot; (my opinion), less &quot;put on&quot; with all the amenties and ambience expected for the $600.00 per night plus room rate. The room service menu is good but a little to PanAsian. Could do with a little more versatility, though there are a few &quot;midwestern&quot; options. The bed and linens - excellent - better than home. I slept like a baby. The bathroom is fantastic - way better than the Four Seasons. Just take my advice and make sure they bring you your car on time! I luckily was able to catch another flight 30 minutes later and it didn't really affect my trip - but if I had bee going somewhere else it could have been a real issue.	
Jul 19 2005	Beautiful Hotel	My husband, 10 year old daughter, and I just returned from a weekend at the Chicago Penninsula Hotel. It was great! The hotel was beautiful and the staff was wonderful! While we were checking in, my daughter was playing with her 2 American Girl dolls. One of the people at check in noticed and sent up 2 little bathrobes and 2 little beds for the dolls without us even asking for it or being told about it! Also, after returning from dinner that night, we were pleasantly surprised to find a note not only welcoming us, but cookies, gummie bears for my daughter, and a fruit tray for us! We loved the hotel also because of all the little details to attention. We tried the chocolate buffet one night as well...which is not to be missed! It was excellent! We stayed in a Grand Deluxe king room. It was a very nice room..the only thing is, it is a little tightly spaced, but not too uncomfortable. I also tried the spa, and it was very nice as well. The exercise room and pool area had a very open feel too it. Overall, it was a great hotel and I would highly recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 18 2005	Pure Heaven!	We stayed here for two nights-our wedding night and one more. You would have to pry us out of the room because we didn't want to leave! We were pleased to find an upgrade, and waiting for us in the room was champagne, chocolate-covered strawberries, and Blackout cake we requested from the Cheesecake Factory (that we were not charged for!). The room itself was stunning and we couldn't believe the door bell, lighting system, and master bath, bigger than our livingroom in our apartment. The concierge was able to make us a dinner reservation (and when we arrived, I overheard them on the phone saying they were booked) and arrange a car to take us home, which ended up being a stretch limousine. Everything about the hotel was classy and wonderful, yet warm and friendly. We are hoping to save up enough to make it back next year!	
Jul 14 2005	Excellence	I live in Chicago and stayed at the Peninsula Chicago last year for two nights - the night before my wedding and then with my new husband on our wedding night. We had a suite - living room, bedroom and 1.5 bathrooms. The room is beautiful - decorated in contemporary classic style, with the main bathroom being huge and gorgeous with marble everywhere. There is also a TV built into the wall over the bathtub! Everything is immaculate and very nicely appointed.The service at the hotel is fantastic. In the room, they left us champagne, fruits, nuts, candies and a box of Vosges chocolates. The most wonderful service was at 4:00am, when my husband woke up realizing he had not taken out his contact lenses and had forgotten to pack solution... He called the front desk - they sent someone out to the nearby Walgreen's store and brought back a contact lens case and solution. We did not try the restaurants, but we have been to the bar on other occasions for a drink. It's nice, with a good atmosphere. The drinks are good and they provide little snacks as well.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to others. I had such a good experience here that we will be staying in the Peninsula Bangkok during our first-year anniversary trip this year!	
Jun 29 2005	Beautiful and welcoming a truly superb hotel	Everything you've heard about this hotel is true. It is simply wonderful and will be my first choice whenever I return to Chicago from now on. I've stayed in many hotels around the world and this is easily in the top 5 for service and standards.We ended up stopping here through a twist of fate, it being the start of Memorial Day weekend in the States and our original hotel having overbooked by a mile. Left struggling for room we started phoning every hotel in the city and luckily my third call was to the Peninsula. They had a room and did us a very good rate considering the busy state of the city that weekend. Not that it mattered as the original hotel were picking up the tab but I'm not one to take liberties.When we arrived, rather worn out and bedraggled, the door staff had our bags before we could get out of the cab! We then took the short lift up to the 6th floor check in area and were treated like kings from then on. We were given a deluxe room and boy was it deluxe. Beautiful and huge, really well furnished and decorated with a bathroom bigger than some normal rooms I've stayed in. The staff really went out of their way to give us everything they could, as though they had been at fault for the over-booking at our other hotel!Other facilities are equally great. The gym and spa are excellent, with a wonderful outside seating area on the 20th floor outside the pool which is heaven in the sunshine. The restaurant was as good as I expected, breakfast being particularly superb with the chefs willing to make anything you wanted.In short if you really want to treat yourself and stay somewhere where the excellent staff match the fantastic surroundings then pick the Peninsula. You really won't regret stopping here.	
Jun 27 2005	The Creme de la Creme of Hotels	Excellent, excellent, excellent from the time we walked in the door until we got into our cab for the airport. The service is impeccable. The computerized lighting system in the room is to die for. It was fun just testing out the different light settings. The bathroom has a TV that is encased in fog-free glass, and the sound is piped in through the ceiling. The Peninsula Chicago is divine!	
Jun 22 2005	The best which is no small feat	I have stayed at the Peninsula 5 times. Used to be that the Four Seasons and Ritz Carlton (a Four Seasons hotel) were the creme de la creme in Chicago, but then comes the Park Hyatt and the Peninsula and suddenly the FS and RC are almost provincial. Of course, they're not, but the Peninsula has brought an even more sublime sense of hospitality to the Windy City. It is a perfect hotel. The Lobby Restaurant is a high-ceiling space with soaring windows, a wonderful menu, and live cabaret music on weekends. Avenues is haute-haute cuisine, and Shanghai Terrace is the best this side of, well, Shanghai (summer evenings on the terrace are experiences that will have you profoundly appreciate the time and space you are priviledged to occupy). I love the room service, which is quietly efficient and always prompt. The Peninsula is best at meeting individual needs and desires, and strangely faulters when striving to meet group needs; I think their effort to bring their legendary individual attention to groups is mathematically impossible. Can a large group's entrees be tabled simultaneously without compromising quality? Unlikely. But that is my only observed shortcoming. This is, by far, my hotel of choice in Chicago.	
Jun 16 2005 	Almost....perfect	After reading the Travel &amp; Leisure article giving the Peninsula the #5 ranking in service out of all hotels and resorts in the U.S., I was a little surprised to find, upon arriving on a Sunday at the check-in time of 3:00 p.m., that my room wasn't ready. The young man at the registration desk said he would &quot;put two maids on it&quot; and took down my cell phone number so he could call me as soon as it was ready. I returned 2 1/2 hours later (having received no phone call.) My room still wasn't ready, but after a brief wait, they found another one. The man next to me was complaining that he needed to take a shower and his room wasn't ready. Even more surprising, when the rest of my group arrived at 6:00 p.m., only one of their three rooms was ready. It took an additional hour, until 7:00 p.m., before we all had our rooms.Apparently there was a large convention group leaving that day, and the Peninsula was having trouble getting the rooms made up. (The hotel was full.) Another thing that surprised me was that while we waited we weren't shown a little more love. A small gesture like, &quot;Would you like a free bottle of water or cup of coffee while you wait?&quot; would have helped smooth some ruffled feathers.Speaking of coffee, it irked us a little that at a 5-star hotel one has to pay for something - coffee in the room - that is free at the lowliest Holiday Inn Express. A small carafe of coffee from room service will run about $12 total. However, the Peninsula does give you free bottled water with the evening turndown service. Be sure to use the “privacy” and “make up room” buttons. You are locked out while housekeeping is making up the room – I assume for the maids’ safety and to secure your belongings– so you want to make sure they get in there to clean when it is convenient for you. That said, this is a stunningly beautiful hotel with top-notch amenities. The extra items requested from housekeeping arrived in fewer than 10 minutes (this was my second stay.) And how many hotels have a built-in tv above the extra-large marble bathtub - in a standard room? The rooms are so large, comfortable and gorgeous that it's hard to leave them. I have to agree with the other posting, though that the extra-long bathtub is a bit of a challenge for anyone under 5’-9”. If you’re not careful, your feet go up and your head goes down. I was able to hang on by gripping the other end of the tub with my toes and putting a towel under my head. It’s kind of hard to get out of, too. But I wanted to watch tv in the tub, so I was motivated. The shower was heavenly. The glass door comes within 3” of the ceiling – enough to vent the shower without fogging up the bathroom. I didn’t find the bathroom “tight”; it’s about 12’ x 12’ square, probably the largest standard hotel bathroom I’ve been in.I can’t imagine what a previous post found to complain about the beds. They are wonderful. It does take a little practice to operate all the light switches, etc., but if you can’t find one, just call the front desk and ask them. The spa and pool areas are especially nice. The pool and hot tub are indoors, but there is an outdoor terrace next to them. There are full-blown locker rooms, a large, well-equipped workout room, and free classes in pilates, yoga, etc. Several of the others in our party had massages which they raved about; I had a standard pedicure for $65.The only other issue I had was upon checking out. I was presented with a bill for my stay, which was supposed to have been charged to another person in our party. I was surprised because at check-in they had confirmed that my room was already paid for. However, the clerk checked again, and it was worked out.	
Jun 12 2005	Beyond our expectations	Several days prior to arriving at the Peninsula I called the concierge to arrange reservations for restaurants and clubs during our stay. Mee Mee at the concierge desk was extremely helpful in pulling it all together. Her recommendations were terrific. She was able to get us tickets to Buddy Guy's blues club even though it was sold out for a special tribute night. The show was amazing. We were celebrating our anniversary and upon arrival we were told that our room had been upgraded from a standard room to a Junior Suite. We we got to the room and there was a champagne bucket and chocalate covered strawberries waiting for us. The Peninsula is the only hotel I have ever stayed at where the person checking you in at the front desk, actually escorts you to your room. The attention to detail in the rooms is apparent. Unlike the previous review our bed was wonderful. The electronic console by the bed allows you to change the temperature, lighting, adjust the music, turn on the privacy at the door, etc.... This is unique to the Peninsula and a real fun feature. The rooms are set up with mood lighting and at the flip of a switch you are in romance heaven. Individual reading lights at the bed allow each person to either be reading or fast asleep. We never ate in the hotel other than the complimentary continental breakfast each morning which if we had to pay it would have been $50/day. Location couldnt be better. If you are looking for over the top views look somewhere else. I am sure that there are rooms with better views than ours but in general this is not a &quot;view&quot; property. Good storage in a room is important to my wife and she says there was more than ample drawers and closet storage space. Housekeeping was phenomenal! Absolutely 5 star all the way. Again, attention to detail is very apparent. It was clear the room was tidied extremely well twice a day. The bathroom was fully equiped and functional although a bit tight. However the private comod and the glass enclosed shower were 5 star. The tub was too big for my wife and she was uncomfortable sliding around. A peninsula tub pillow would have maybe solved this problem. We could have settled in for longer but our 3 nights were perfect. This hotel is exceptional. Service, attention to detail, super quality linens, towels, wireless internet at no charge, on and on. We have 3 children and we left them att home this trip. We probably would not bring them to the Peninsula as the other clientel might not appreciate them. However, Peninsula has just started a kids program which shows their willingness to enter this arena. All in all this is an outstanding 5 star property and I would highly recommend it to those who want a great Mag. Mile location with outstanding service and amenities.Look for a full Chicago Trip Report upcoming in the Chicago forum.	
Jun 4 2005	Nice but how about a better bed?	The Peninsula is a very beautiful hotel and the service was indeed top notch, but one of the most important qualities in a lodging establishment for me when I travel is one of the most basic---how well did I sleep. Unfortunately, this is where the Peninsula was well below a five-star rating. Surprisingly, the bed was worse than some I've had at mid-grade chains. Also, the room had a very high tech console on the bed stand with controls for all the lights and TV, but I never could figure out how to turn off the extensive floor level night lights that were so bright that I was forced to crawl under the bed and unplug them for the second night. All in all, next time in Chicago I'll go to a Four Seasons.	
Apr 12 2005 	Just perfect!	I stayed only one night from 1 - 2 April 2005 in a suite overlooking the watertower. All staff were very friendly and helpful. The service was perfect and also the food in the main restaurant was very nice. In the later evening I enjoyed the bar, a very trendy and popular place in Chicago. The 2 bedroom suite and the lovely bathroom made me dreaming. This hotel is just perfect and in my opinion the best choice for Chicago. Absolutely wonderful, nothing to complain about.	
Mar 27 2005 	First Rate Customer Service	We have stayed at the Peninsula twice now--first in May 2004 and most recently on May 20, 2005. Both times were without a flaw. The rooms are wonderful (even the standard rooms), the location is perfect, the dining is sumptuous and the customer service is unlike any other I have experienced, and we travel quite a bit.We once stayed at the Ritz Carlton in Chicago because the Peninsula was booked, but still went to the Peninsula for the Chocolate Buffett which was to die for.	
Mar 12 2005	Great hotel!!	Well located off the magic mile, the decor and room appointment superb, staff of the highest calibre, services that boggle the mind--what a stay i had early march 2005, truly memorable!!The hotel is just simply one of the best i have stayed in from location to decor to staff to everything...i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone that wanted the best in surroundings and comfort.Well worth the price and very few hotels i have stayed in around the world could compare with all the peninsula has to offer....it is hard to describe absolute perfection!!	
Jan 18 2005	No discrimination at the THE LOBBY	I heartily disagree with the review from a disgruntled dining patron of THE LOBBY at the Hotel Peninsula dated July 19, 2004 advising those who are not W.A.S.P.s to avoid dining there! I have dined several times at THE LOBBY while visiting my daughter in Chicago and have always been more than pleased. As a Hispanic family we have found the Peninsula staff to be very professional yet open and friendly to all patrons. We have always had 5 STAR service from the entire wait staff in THE LOBBY. The food is always delicious and freshly prepared to perfection. I have witnessed people of every race and culture dining at THE LOBBY and observed all were treated most graciously. The staff is multilingual and ready to make everyone comfrotable in their dining experience! I plan to have Sunday tea or enjoy the Chocolate Night Buffet when I am back in Chicago this March!!	
Jan 8 2005	Outstanding	We had a wonderful experience. We frequent many 5 stars and would rank The Peninsula at the very top. We were there for 3 nights the last wk of May 2004.We booked the mother's day brunch at the hotel and that was so tasty with a great variety.We booked an executive suite. It was very nice with a well equipped bathroom. We had a TV at the tub and a separate shower stall. Most importantly, everything was very clean.The location on Michigan Ave was terrific for shopping. Almost a little too good as I spent alot b/c everything was so close!!We have stayed at well appointed hotels but what is critical to us is the level of service. It was outstanding here. A few mistakes were made but quickly corrected and a bottle of champagne sent up as a token of their apology. We took our son and that was great. They had my son's diapers ready in our room and a very cute bath set for him as well. My only disappointment was that I had just missed the cast of Oceans 12 staying there by a few days!	
Dec 6 2004	Completely perfect!	From the 2 level entrance - to the LARGE, gorgeous rooms...this was a perfect experience! The service was unreal, the rooms were fully equipped with every possible modern tv,stereo, lighting toy possible, and the view was to die for. I took better pictures of Chicago's skyline inside my hotel suite, than outside. After visiting the Park Hyatt (one block next door), there is NO comparision. The rooms at the Peninsula are top notch, yet still maintain a very comfortable feel. The price? Yes, a little high - but worth every penny for a very special stay.	
Nov 18 2004	Great room and service but almost fainted at the brunch bill	Having stayed at the other five star hotels in Chicago, I was pleasantly surprised that this hotel surpassed the others. Rooms were wonderful and sumputous and the service was outstanding. I had requested early check in and was told they would try, but they could not garauntee it. A perfectly appropriate response. We arrived at 2:00 pm, with normal check in at 3:00 pm, and our room was not ready. They asked us to wait in the bar/lobby area and enjoy drinks on the house. They make a great $18 martini. We received a call on my cell phone and told that they had an upgraded suite available, if we would accept it. We had the Penn Kids package for our son, and he loved the goodie-filled backpack, as well as his own personal business cards. He also enjoyed the kid-friendly snacks delivered to the room (gummy worms, popcorn, milk and cookies). We loved the Sunday brunch, especially because they had a whole table of kid-friendly food for our picky eater. The only surprise came when we got the bill. For two adults and one child, our bill was $245. I admit that I had two glasses of champagne, but I thought it was included in the meal price. That alone raised the bill by $50. Not that we're piching pennies, but I do like to make informed choices. There is no menu, no pricing info available, and I didn't feel comfortable asking about the cost of the brunch. Everything else was top notch, we'll just go out for breakfast when we stay there again next week.	
Sep 16 2004	Plan an Experience...	Turn on the music, tap Privacy Please, set Mood Lighting, sip your wine, ...and plan an experience. And when Room Service asks if you would like your coffee cream warmed, just say yes. It will make their hearts happy.	
Sep 13 2004	Did not want to leave	I am currently undergoing withdrawal from the Peninsula. This hotel has been rated as number 1 in the United States on Conde Nast's Gold list and it lives up to its reputation. The executive suite we stayed in was simply stunning, as was the lobby. Great live jazz on Friday and Saturday nights in the lobby, impeccable service from front desk and concierge, fabulous bathrooms with a television above the bathtub are some of the many highlights. Although the hotel is a bit pricey, it really is worth splurging. We were able to get a discounted rate, complimentary breakfast, and a room upgrade to an executive suite by booking through a virtuso agent (central travel in Toledo Ohio). We will definitely be going back.	
Sep 12 2004	impeccable	The Peninsula may not be the newest or the glitziest hotel, but its intelligent staff make it one of the best. Our reservation preceded and exended past my husband's cancer surgery at Northwestern's medical center. It was a time of distraction and apprehension that might have been exacerbated by a disinterested place, a Hotel Land of the Living Dead. To a woman and man, the Peninsula's staff displayed quiet, professional concern by their words and actions. Examples: Sensing that this would be a difficult time for us, our reservationist booked us into rooms that were extraordinarily quiet, given the hotel's proximity to the hustle and bustle of Michigan Avenue. At a particularly trying moment when only chicken soup, not on the menu, would do, the Peninsula improvised smoothly and promptly (fresh fettucine and grilled chicken chunks in a tasty reduction, amazing, really). Housekeeping worked rapidly around our schedule, not theirs. Those who have traveled a bit know about phony attentiveness, and indifference. I encountered neither, not once, during our extended stay.	
Sep 1 2004	Excellent	Our stay at the Peninsula, Chicago for four days in July was absolutely wonderful. The staff was very proffessional but at the same time very down to earth and pleasant. The room service was great and our children were very welcomed and made comfortable.	
Aug 31 2004	It's interesting that 2 previous reviewers	did not enjoy the Peninsula, but I can certainly see their point. In the case of the Asian bar guy, it seems rather odd that his complaint had to do with discrimination when practically the entire hotel is staffed with Asians and other minorities. Anyway, as an Asian reviewer myself, I enjoyed my experience at the Peninsula and I am glad that I did not have the same experience. It's hard to deal with situations like that but the thing not to do is let it escalate. The Peninsula Chicago was avery pleasant experience for me and my partner.	
Aug 16 2004	Tea at the Lobby was a delightful experience	I had a tea with 8 other women to celebrate my daughter's 40th birthday on August 15, 2004. It was an absolutely wonderful experience for all of us. The service was impeccable and friendly. The tea was served beautifully and the food was very fresh and well prepared. My daughter was presented with a piece of cake that was served on a plate that said Happy Birthday Kristen in chocolate.There was a candle in the cake. This was a very nice surprise. After tea, we all went to the Bar and had the same wonderful, friendly service. Thanks for helping us to have a great afternoon with you.	
Jul 19 2004	Dont Mean to Rain on the Parade	Me and my girlfriends had reservations at &quot;The Lobby&quot; at the Peninsula Hotel this past Friday. I made reservations over 3 weeks in advance and called the day of to confirm, and everything was fine. When we arrived downstairs at the hotel the service was impeccable and everything was great until we arrived at the lobby on the 5th floor. From the MOMENT Johanna our &quot;hostess&quot; greeted us we sensed that we were not welcome. Not a hello, not a &quot;Welcome to the Peninsula&quot; nothing, this woman walked up to us, clapped her hands and stared as to infer &quot;how can I help you&quot; I stated that we had reservations and she said &quot;Let me check&quot;. After waiting for about 2 minutes, I glanced over to the reservations booth where I noticed Johanna and another girl pulling a sheet out of the reservations book and putting it into the lower cubicle, removing another blank sheet, putting it in the binder and flipping it back and forth, as to infer that they did not see us listed. After the caught me staring at them, Johanna walked over and said our table would be ready in a minute (obliterating the necessity of our reservation) We were seated and ordered our tea which was not allowed to steep and our Tea Refreshments were stale and took an additional 10 minute to arrive to our table. Not to mention the not so subtle stares we were recieving from the patrons. I couldnt help but wonder if &quot;The Lobby&quot; was used to having African American patrons, since we were the ONLY blacks in the whole room, save a bus boy who 20 minutes later turned into a waiter and was serving the people next to us. I have never felt so uncomfortable in my life and I am appalled at the shabby service we received. I will NEVER go back and I strongly encourage non WASP's to do the same.	
Jul 5 2004	Great experience	Spent the 4th of July weekend at the Peninsula Hotel. This is a fantastic hotel. The location right off of Michigan Ave. adjacent to the Old Water Tower is very convenient. The service was outstanding. All of the staff were very friendly. The facilities are first class. The room was terrific with a very large bathroom with a separate shower and tub. There was a TV installed in the wall adjacent to the tub area so that you could watch TV while taking a bath. Everything in the room (e.g. lights, TV, A/C, etc.) can be controlled from a console next to the bed. There is a wonderful spa located at the top of the hotel with a great view of Michigan Ave. from the fitness area and the pool. This is a true spa and not just your typical hotel fitness room and pool. They have a great restaurant in the main lobby that offers a coffee and dessert buffet with live music on Friday and Saturday nights known as Chocolate at the Pen. The Sunday Brunch is simply amazing. We truly can't say enough nice things about this hotel. We are anxious to return as soon as possible.	
Jun 24 2004	Spectacular Hotel	Purchased a package at this hotel and it was delightful. I have traveled extensively and have very high standards when it comes to luxury hotels. The Peninsula met and exceeded in every category. Our room, an executive suite, was imaculate and extened from the building giving us large views of the city on 3 sides including the Sears Tower. It's in a great area and the service was nearly flawless. Of course, there were a couple of minor issues here and there but nothing worth even mentioning. If you're willing to spend the money to stay here, you will most likely not be disappointed and will probably be thrilled.	
Jun 20 2004	Luxury at your fingertips	This is one of the very rare places where you wouldn't want leave and go back home.Convenience and Luxury blend suprbly, adding to that the &quot;fine cuisine&quot;. I give this place six stars	
Jun 4 2004	Loved it!	A most excellent place for one to stay at. Service very professional, room best I have seen. Welcome to America!	
Jun 3 2004	Great Hotel-the best	My wife, daughter and I returned to the Peninsula Chicago over Memorial Day weekend (having previously stayed there in December 2002). Having stayed at a number of Ritz Carltons and similar hotels, this is the hotel I'd love to move into. My 10-year old daughter and I love the pool which is roughly 90 feet long and has great views. Great gym and Spa facilities with views of the lake. While we did not dine at the fancier restaurants, our breakfast in the lobby restaurant and the adjoining French cafe were excellent. Staff was very helpful. As other people have said, the rooms are great and it can be hard to leave them. We are hopefully going to make a family tradition of a staying there every couple of years. 	
Mar 2 2004	As long as you don't have the Sunday Brunch ...		
Feb 18 2004	From an Asian couple They welcomed us...		
Feb 13 2004	The best in the world		
Jan 15 2004	Incredible Facility OK Service 		
Jan 5 2004	Worth every penny		
Dec 11 2003	Simply the Best		
Nov 16 2003	I think they discriminated against me		
Nov 10 2003	An amazing hotel		
Sep 23 2003	Very Disappointing and Overrated		
May 27 2003	Lobby Dining 		
Mar 26 2009 	?????????????		
Mar 12 2009 	???????		
