	Terrible don't stay here. There are much better hotels in Chicago.	This hotel is overpriced and lacks amenities found in the simplest motel in any area. No glass in the bathroom, bed so small no two people could ever sleep comfortably in it, no coffee pot, incompetent clerks at check-in following a long wait in line, outrageous parking fees, walls so thin every outside noise is heard. There is only one place nearby for breakfast other than the pricey buffet at the hotel.	
	Excellent location standard room	The historic Palmer House Hilton is located within the loop, just a block away from the Millennium Park and a few walking minutes to the Magnificent Mile. Numerous shops and cafes are located nearby, so offering many choices for breakfast and dinner. The elevated loop metro track with station &quot;Adams/Wabash&quot; is next to the hotel. Unfortunately this location advantage may be offset by the noise and vibrations from the track. My room did have another suboptimal location with the windows facing the indoor pool. Consequently street level noise was not a real problem but noise from swimming guests did bother slightly. However getting a cell phone signal was impossible in the room. In contrast to other reviews, my room was not that small and could be compared to other one double bed/standard rooms in other 4 star hotels. However the bath definitely was on the smaller side.For me, the furnishing was impractical. The (office/desk) chair did look nice but didn't have a real armrest. Additionally the desk was too small for a laptop, the telephone and some documents. Working on the bed or in the arm chair was also impossible, as the hotel does not have WiFi in the rooms but cable based internet access. Like the bath, the TV was small too.My request for a later check out time (standard: 11:00 am) was fulfilled without the usual additionally costs. For me this was especially surprising, as the hotel charges for every other service. The mentioned cable internet for example costs 17 Dollar per 24 hour period. The parking garage is located on the opposite side of the street.All in all, the Palmer House is a beautiful historic hotel with a great location. The rooms are clean and beautifully decorated but being slightly impractical and somehow inconvenient. However, given the great deal I got on priceline, the stay was enjoyable.	
	Never again	The hotel has a beautiful lobby. Very large. I think the ceilings in the lobby were at least 3 stories tall. Wonderful architecture. Very classy. Now to the rooms. I had a King room that I booked on Priceline. You don't get to select the type of room on priceline like you do on expedia, orbiz, or any other travel site, so I had to call to make sure I had a King room. I was also told by a friend to ask for the more renevated room, which I was able to get, (I guess). The room was very very small. the bed was about 6 or 7 feet from the door. The room had a desk and a chair, but no extra comfy chair. No dresser to store my clothing. The ice bucket and two glasses were stored in the closet because there was no room to put it. The flat screen tv was mounted on the wall but a whole in the wall where the cable comes from was right in the middle of the wall (tacky) including all the wires to the tv halfway hanging down from the tv. (tacky again). The bathroom was ok, small but ok.  I order room service, a $12 cheeseburger and soda turned out to be $32 after state tax, city tax, room service fee, 18% gratuity for room service orders. And the guy acted like he wanted a tip when he brought in the tray. Seriously?? A soda in the vending machine was $2.50 and so was bottled water. Luckily there was a 7-elevan down the street for my late night cravings.  I put the do not disturb sign on the door because I wanted to sleep in late that next saturday morning. At 8am I am waken up by vacuuming by my door. Mind you the bed is close to the door. I felt like I was being punked. I guess do not disturb in only to keep the maids from knocking on your door. They didnt finish vacuuming the long azz hallway til and hour and a half later.  There was no view from my window, only the back fire escape and the building next to me.  I would never stay at this hotel or suggest anyone stay here.	
	Don't stay here!	I have literally traveled the world and this was BY FAR the smallest room I have ever stayed in. The claim to 4 stars is laughable. The bathroom is a joke. It is so small one cannot even turn around in it. There is no mini bar, no coffee maker, no place whatsoever to do anything more than lie in bed. The TV is so close to the end of the bed that I had to sit on the bed to squeeze between them! The pool closes at 9pm, the gym costs a supplement, the ethernet cable costs $15 for the very basic reception, and the line at the hotel's reception desk is enough to turn you away. If you want to stay in a small and expensive 2 star hotel in downtown Chicago, then this is your place. If you desire nicer accommodations, then by all means, keep searching!!	
	Good hotel great location.	We stayed at Palmer House for 3 days/2 nights in November. We traveled with our 4-year old to see the Thanksgiving Day Parade and visit the Aquarium and the Field Museum.We chose this hotel based on it's location (right off State street, close to the Field Museum/Art Institute/Aquarium and Planetarium) and based on the fact that it has an indoor swimming pool.Overall the hotel is nice, but considering its age/the way it was build, it does seem somewhat dated and definitely lacks any spectacular city/lake views.Our room had really weird smell, so we asked to be moved. The next room seemed much cleaner plus was much bigger, even though both rooms were rooms with 2 queen beds &amp; 2 bathrooms.We had access to executive floor--had complimentary breakfast/snacks and drinks daily. Breakfast was nothing spectacular--pastries, cereal, fruit and beverages--but quiet adequate. We ordered room service our 1st night at the hotel, which was very not good--cold food, poor taste. We did not eat at the hotel after that--there is a Corner Bakery adjacent to the hotel--great soups and breads! Went to Little Italy area for dinner--Leona's on Taylor st. is great!Hotel parking is outrageous--I think over $50/night. About 2 blocks down from the hotel there is a self-parking where you can park for $25/night. Cab ride to Aquarium/Planetarium/Field Museum is about $7.Swimming pool at the hotel is very small--was fine the first few days when there were no other guests there. Our last day there were 4 or 5 families in the pool--way too overcrowded!Overall we had a great stay, had no major problems with service and felt that this hotel suited our needs well. Next time I will probably try a newer hotel with better views/amenities.	
	Beautiful lobby / hotel ; but poor service 	The hotel is grand, and the lobby is beautiful with high ceilings filled with paintings reminiscent of the renaissance period. Great location to watch the parade and very central. However, my wife &amp; I did not have a pleasant stay. The service is poor. We realised an error in our package selection (romantic package vs. breakfast package, which is the same price, same room type). We were told &quot;computer would not let them swap it, sorry&quot; (one hour after we made the selection). Eventually forced them to get the manager, at which point it was resolved (without touching the computer - they just swapped our voucher). Walls are paper thin- you can hear the beeps of the safe in the next room, doors closing, content of conversations etc.Re costs: the free breakfast voucher only covered the first $22 according to one staff member (the next, &quot;no could have whatever you liked from breakfast menu&quot;). Internet is $15 per day for throttled-speed, or $20 per day for full-speed. To check your email in business centre is $7.95 for 15-minutes use (i.e. no free email checking). Fitness centre is extra $10 per day... and so on. Dinner was $70pp for average buffet that closed before we had finished. Early check-out (11am). Generally - feels like you are staying with large corporation as your host - service is very impersonal and combative - it's as if Hilton headquarters has given them no discretion to help guests. Not recommended.	
	Service Poor	Beautiful Hotel - Poor ServiceYesterday, we arrived at 11am (early) - front desk upsold us to a suite - beautiful suite. Told us it would be ready in about an hour... would put a rush on it. It was ready at 3pm. When I asked why it took so long when they 'rushed' it, I was told they did not have to guarantee any room until 3pm. What a spirit huh?They are offering Thanksgiving Dinner today, reservations only. There is no advertising of this... So, I asked at the front desk if we could get reservations. Sorry, all sold out. Can you imagine, not making dinner available to your own customer on Thanksgiving? I am very turned off by this hotel. Mgt can reach me in 16-250 if they wish... I will be here thru tomorrow (11/27)Regards, Ray	
Nov 23 2009 	excellent stay	i stayed at the palmer house in april 2009 with a friend of mine and our 10 year old kids. this is the third time i stayed at the hotel and it is always a very pleasant stay. the room was large- accommodated two moms and two daughters easily with two large bathrooms. the hotel is great in terms of its historic value and rooms are very well furnished. breakfast was great-kids eat free and as a open buffet, it was a very good deal. the hotel's location is perfect and i could do my work, entertain my daughter, go to the museums and shop easily. the only downside is the fitness center and the pool.	
Nov 23 2009 	Beautiful Lobby Great Location	The hotel was grand! It was very beautiful and loved the old photos hanging in the hallways. The location is excellent. It is on the subway line from O'Hare and easy to navigate the city on the trains, walking distance to many things. We had two rooms booked, one with two doubles and one king. The double room was lovely and very spacious. The king room was TINY and the bathroom had no shelves for toiletries. However, it was clean and it suited our needs. The people next door were loud and we could hear every word the group of women said.	
Nov 22 2009 	Perfect setting for a wonderful weekend in Chicago	I got a spectacular rate on Hotwire for the Palmer House Hilton. Upon arrival, we requested a room with two double beds and two baths. Thankfully, they had one available, and were willing to let us have it. It was huge! It looked as if they had cut out the wall between two regular sized rooms and taken out some of the furniture. It was so nice to have two bathrooms and plenty of space. Yes, the bathrooms are tiny, but that is due to the style of the time it was built.The lobby is exceptional, and there are so many classic, historical details that make this place special. The location is ideal, as the hotel is near several train lines, and adjacent to the State Street shopping area. The theater district is within walking distance, as well as the lakefront.We had a great weekend visiting with friends, and the Palmer House was a perfect place to stay.	
Nov 16 2009 	Historic 	I stayed at Palmer Hilton for 3 days. The hotel is located very next to famous millenium park and is accessible to many attrations such as Art institute of Chicago &amp; Navy Pier. Palmer has a grand decoration inside and you can feel very relaxed atmosphere around the loby &amp; bar. Front desk associates and even house keeping staff smile at you. I recommend this place!	
Nov 15 2009 	Well-renovated. Excellent location	Stayed while in Chicago for a convention. Booked through Hotwire, so the value was excellent. The lobby is magnificent. Hotel staff were helpful. Rooms are recently renovated and compact and the bath was small, though this was not a problem for me. The location is excellent.the only negative is that my room, 13-165, was next to what must be an internal service elevator. It was quite noisy and ran from quite early in the morning until at least 10:00 PM. Avoid all the -165 rooms.	
Nov 10 2009 	Beautiful historic hotel	I stayed at the Palmer House for 2 nights, and overall my experience was phenomenal. The room my friend and I checked into was huge! Maybe that's all that was available, and it probably why it was so expensive, but we had a big room with 2 double beds and a lounge area in the room. There wasn't much a view, but who needed one when the interior was so exceptional?The highlight of my trip was one of the evening guard staff noticed me taking pictures of the old photos they had of performers who had played in the historic empire room. He must have been performing his due diligence, but when I explained I was a guest, and I was interested in the history of the hotel, I got a private tour of the ballrooms. Be sure to check out their deluxe Starbucks, and their fantastic staff.	
Nov 9 2009 	security was not on the ball	My husband and I stayed her for ou anniversary. otel was nice rooms small and bathrooms even smaller. Our last night there we were awaken at 4:30 in the morning by our neighbors fighting.... yelling... doors slamming, name calling. I waited a few mintues and it only got worse, so I called down stairs to let them know. They said they would send someone up right away. About 30 minutes later I called again, they then said they would send them up. I did hear a knock on the neighbors door, but they did not answer. I was already pretty upset and awake so my husband and I packed up and got out of there. The down staris staff said that they would give us breakfast on them...however... Breakfast does not compair to a horrible night of sleep.	
Nov 7 2009 	Great hotel great location...	Stayed here October 31 through November 5 for a cconference. This is beautiful hotel and the location is perfect. The Art Institute and Millenium Park is a short 2 block walk from the hotel. My room was small, but beautiful. The bed was comfy and there were plenty of pillows. Alas, no coffee maker in the room...The staff was helpful and friendly. I'd stay here again!	
Nov 5 2009 	gorgeous historic hotel with excellent location	this hotel is located in the loop of chicago. it's very close to almost all the attractions downtown chicago has to offer, 15 min. walk to navy pier, 2 min. to millennium park, 5 min. to magnificent mile, etc. the lobby is beautiful and historic with the elegance of the turn of the century and buzzing with activity. parking is expensive, we opted to park at the millennium park garage 2 mins. away which saved $60 over 3 days. rooms were clean but the bathroom small. we got this place for $70/night on priceline and loved it.	
Nov 5 2009 	A Grand Hotel that makes you breathe deeply	The Palmer House always causes me to breathe deeply upon entering the fantastic lobby. The Palmer House has excellent lobby life going on, full of people sitting, talking, rubbing elbows, socializing and refreshing themselves with drinks and food. I feel this aspect sets Palmer House apart from many hotels that seem nothing more than a line of peoplewith little incentive or space to linger, meet and talk to fellow travellers. This historic hotel is packed with art, impossibly lavish ball rooms and enough winding hall ways packed with pictures to qualify as a museam of Chicago itself. I took the executive level upgrade and liked that the room was larger and had two bathrooms, gorgeous decor but the executive level lounge was in my opinion rather depressing offering over priced beer and rather dull and limited snack and breakfast selections. Besides, who would want to linger in the executive lounge when you could linger in the lobby with it's newly and gorgeous renovation of the bar and restaurant. I've been to the Palmer House many times in 40 years and am delighted to see it more exciting than it has been in awhile. On this visit to Chicago I stayed at three hotels, including the Palmer House, the Hotel InterContinental and the Trump Tower. I liked them in the order I listed and found the Trump Tower disappointing and the Palmer House really stands out as a fine hotel, worth the expense; and I stay in hotels many, many times per year.	
Nov 5 2009 	Great Hotel Elegant but small bathroom	Palmer House is an elegant hotel with a long history; the lobby area is spectacular.One the great things about the hotel is the location as it is in the Loop, and close to theMuseums, parks, lakeside attractions. The only issue is the size of the bathroom--verysmall. The room, while on the small side, was very comfortable. Highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 5 2009 	Convenient if ugly location - historic interior	Convenient to the museum, symphony and restaurants. Great Russian nearby. Street level is ugly with the elevated train nearby. The lobby is grand. Stayed in a historic looking room with 2 bathrooms. Crowded executive lounge.	
Nov 4 2009 	Best Spot in Chicago	I stayed at The Palmer House for business travel and had a great experience. The hotel is centrally located to many Chicago attractions making it easy to get around town. The hotel itself is beautifully deocrated, clean and reasonably priced.	
Nov 2 2009 	Worthwhile for the Deal	We booked this hotel through Hotwire.com. Some other reviewers had bad experiences but ours was fine. Staff treated us well and we got a king-size, non-smoking room, as reserved. The parking garage is somewhat convenient though you have to cross Wabash to get to it. If you have a vehicle, it's easy to get in and out. And the location is great, near a lot of shopping and parks. Other reviewers have mentioned the small room and I would agree but it was accomodating for two people. The bathroom was okay. Conclusion: a clean, nice-looking hotel with great location and service was worth the price we paid.	
Nov 1 2009 	Nice lobby but small guest rooms tiny bathrooms	The Palmer House Hilton is one of the old, classic hotels in the downtown Loop section of Chicago. The best things about this hotel are its grand lobby and its convenient location within an easy walk to the Art Institute of Chicago, Millenium Park, Grant Park, buses and trains, and plentiful restaurants and stores.The front desk check-in was efficient but not warm and friendly. The hotel is huge so I had a long walk from the lobby to my guestroom. Many guestrooms are noisy due to the close proximity to the El trains whicgh run right next to the hotel so if you're a light sleeper you can ask for a room away from the El. My room was an interior one overlooking a non-descript courtyard. The room was very small and the bathroom was so tiny I could barely close the door without hitting the toilet ... probably the smallest bathroom I've seen in North America and even small by European hotel standards.The hotel charges for using its WiFi signal and the while there is a Starbucks on the ground floor of the hotel, this Starbucks does not have a free WiFi signal either for Starbucks cardholders. The hotel does have a business center which allows guests to print their boarding passes for free.This hotel would not be my first choice but the convenient location is indeed a plus.	
Oct 31 2009 	Impressive	The lobby, the location and the price (Priceline via BetterBidding.com) were great. It was about 150 feet from the orange line train stop (direct from Midway). The hotel is an old one, so don't expect all of the modern amenities. I paid $75 a night and got a standard room. It was small, the bathroom was small and the TV was small- but so was my price. The Starbucks in the lobby and the Corner Bakery a few feet away made for easy morning start-ups. I got two good recommendations for off-site dining (although the few guests I spoke with raved about their hotel meals). I had a cocktail in the lobby while I got some work done. The lobby is worth a look.	
Oct 30 2009 	Grand old hotel great location decent price	Stayed over a weekend. Great weekend rates. Grand old lobby. People at the check-in counter were courteous and professional. Concierge staff very helpful. Double room on 13th floor was comfortable, spacious and well appointed. Everything was in excellent condition. The hotel is huge and was very crowded with business meetings and private functions throughout the weekend. Waiting times for the elevator were a little too long. Something to be improved. Hi-speed Internet connection will set you back at least $15 per day as &quot;nominal&quot; charge. I would go back with closed eyes, though	
Oct 25 2009 	Lobby the highlight	Room (#146, 18th floor) left much to be desired: broken shower head, broken towel rack, no coffee service, carpet dirty.Puzzled that the cost of the &quot;Continental Breakfast Buffet&quot; in the lobby restaurant was more expensive than ordering a full American breakfast through room service....Poor soundproofing between rooms and between room and hall.	
Oct 23 2009 	Great Modern Style Surrounded by History and Class	I came into town a little early to see my sister but found that I really did not want to venture out of the hotel! Being a top tier VIP, I was allowed a very early check-in and upgraded to the Executive Floor. The room has the classic Hilton bed that you can melt in with expensive linens for class. There was a nice working desk. I found the remodeled bathroom to be cramped when using the commode being a bigger guy. The lobby is exquisite but all is quite expensive within the hotel. Nearby, offerings were few as well especially if you were interested in going away from chain food. Services were all expensive including internet and parking.There was a large TV with a DVD player in my room on the 23rd floor. I did notice considerable train noise even up that high so I imagine it is louder on the lower levels.For a business hotel, this is perfect with easy access to the trains both above and subway level.	
Oct 22 2009 	Fabulous location - great hotel	My son and I traveled to Chicago to do a college visit to the University of Chicago. I used Priceline and booked a room for us at the Parker House Hilton. We arrived on the Sunday of Columbus Day weekend, also the date of the Chicago Marathon. I called the day before to check on the bed situation. I was told we had a King size bed in a room too small to put in a folding bed and that they weren't allowed to make changes to Priceline reservations over the phone. I was a little nervous when we arrived at noon (check-in time is 3 pm). There were 2 people in line ahead of us (not the hordes some people had mentioned). The reservation clerk immediately changed us to a room with 2 double beds. No fuss, no bother. There was a place on the ground floor where we left the luggage while we ate lunch and walked around the city. When we checked in the room was HUGE! There were two doubles and you could easily have fit in another double bed plus a folding bed or two. There were 2 closets and a nice bathroom. All was clean. The bed was quite comfortable. The staff were helpful. The location was wonderful. Just 1.5 blocks from the blue line director from the airport, 1.5 blocks from Michigan Avenue and Millenium Park (and Millenium train station), 2.5 blocks from the loop train. I can't imagine where you could stay that would be more centrally located. It is a beautiful old, historic hotel. I loved Chicago and would love to go back and stay there. We'll see what happens with the college acceptance situation.	
Oct 22 2009 	if you book through hotwire be prepared to be treated poorly	Upon check-in, met with an older white male clerk who looked at me as though I smelt bad when he saw we booked through hotwire. (I am an African-American female) He proceeded to say they were sold out (on a Tuesday night) and offer me a roll away in a partial suite or a smoking room. There are no amenities except USA today - not even a coffee maker (unless you pay for it) Room very small in back corner of hotel. We travel alot - sometimes with hotwire, most time not. When we do, however, we have still been treated courteously, and given a decent room. As a Chicago native, I am aware of the history, and the age of the hotel, but it was disappointing at best. Great location is biggest benefit.	
Oct 21 2009 	Great hotel- worth paying for an upgrade	I just returned from a 2 night stay at the Hilton. The hotel is gorgeous, with an amazing, ornate lobby. I arrived at O'hare Really early in the morning and they let me check in at 9 a.m. They asked me if I wanted to upgrade to the executive floor. i had gotten a great deal on Priceline so I figured, why not? for the extra $40 you get free breakfast, free coffee, water and soda all day, snacks at all times and an h'ors d'ourves buffet in the evening. I didn't even have to bother with dinner, there was so much food. So paying for that upgrade was definitely a big money-saver. The room was lovely. It had a view of the courtyard, so not very interesting, but it was clean and very spacious. I walked by some other rooms that were not quite so big but they were very nicely appointed. The bathroom was nicely done too, marble with crabtree &amp; evelyn bath products, which was nice. Hotel service was great. Everyone was very friendly and helpful. The breakfast ladies worked hard to make sure you had everything you wanted. There is some of the &quot;nickel and diming&quot; that people have been complaining about - like, the gym costs money to use. But I'd say that the $15 extra that I had to pay to use the gym is nothing compared to what I would have paid for a stay of this quality elsewhere. I highly recommend this hotel as it's a classic Chicago experience and a great value for the money, especially if you book through Hotwire or priceline.	
Oct 16 2009 	Beautiful Hotel in Great Location	We stayed one night at this hotel and loved it. It was convenient to many downtown attractions. We took a bus up to the American Girl Place and rode the subway back (our kids, 4 &amp; 6, loved these &quot;rides&quot;!). Also, there is a great pizza place just around the corner from the hotel. Our room was clean and decorated very nicely. Room was not huge, but it is a historic hotel and it was big enough for the 4 of us.	
Oct 15 2009 	Historic hotel with great location	The palmer is in a great location. It is 2 blocks from great shopping, including Macys,HM, Sears, Nordstrom Rack and close to Millenium Park. The entrance of the hotel is beautiful and the famous ceiling is worth the money. The room itself is a little out dated, it is nice but you are really paying for the location and the lobby. The staff is really nice and helpful with luggage.	
Oct 13 2009 	Do not stay here!	For the price we paid for the room, we were surprised that the exercise facilities were not included. There was no refigerator in the room. The beds were full size, not queen as stated. Internet not included either. Do have drinks in the lobby!	
Oct 12 2009 	Great Hotel Good Location GREAT cocktails in the bar!!	We got a good deal for a week, we went to visit some friends in the city. It was our first time in Chicago and we loved the city. The Palmer Hilton is a 5 min walk rom the Millenium Park and its so big it takes almost a whole block. It has 3 enrances The Lobby is simply amazing its like a huge ball room with amazing decorations that bring you back to the Golden age of chicago when Frank Sinatra and other celebrities used to hang around in the main dining room that now is used for delux weddings.Room: we had a junior suit on the 19th floor needless to say you need to pay attention where u go and remember the room number! we forgot and we went around like headless chickens trying to find the room LOLthere are 3 sets of elevators that take u to different &quot;wings&quot; of the building, its not so simple :Droom was lovely, roomy, great bathroom, HUGE bed and very quite with desk and a small lobby with comfy chairs to watch the MASSIVE plasma tv. With another huge TV right across the bed. Most of the rooms have been refurbished but some floors are not finished off yet so you might get one of the oldies...I heard this hotel is the only one in the city with and indoor pool and it is the very first hotel that opened in the city too and the HIlton took over in the late 30's.The Bar is great, the best cocktails ever, one will knock you out. we didnt have breakfast included coz there are so many nice places to eat out that it would have been a waste.Staff was great and I would def go back, close to the main attractions, near macy's for the ladies and very close to the metro too.	
Oct 11 2009 	Very nice very convenient . . .  but very very busy	Stayed here for a week for business in late July. Tons of people always running around everywhere. Very busy. &quot;Regular&quot; basic rooms were nothing to write home about. Just your basic average hotel room. The elevators situation were definitely an issue, but presumably this is only the case during the summer months, during the week, when conferences and conventions are plenty. Paid for an upgrade to the concierge level, which was worth every penny. Rooms were nicer, the food/snacks at breakfast, dinner time were well received and needed. Would still recommend the hotel -- just know that it is not the Drake, etc. Pool is quite small, and there really is no fitness center to speak of, just fyi. Parking is outrageous, so find parking elsewhere (such as the public lots under millenium park) and save a ton --- unless your company is picking up the tab and just don't care (which is a shame).	
Oct 11 2009 	Worst Hilton experience ever - do not go here !!!	I had literally to discuss two hours with the front desk, before I, HH Gold, got upgraded to Executive Level. It was a stinking smoking room. It was very small and after turning the water tap it came brown water for some minutes before it got clear !!! The telephone in the room did not work and the LAN cable (NO WIFI AVAILABLE !!!) was broken ! You can only order in-room breakfast for the next day till 11pm, and had to wait 15 minutes on the phone till my call at service was answered. Again regarding the quality and service this was by far the worst Hilton experience I ever made (maybe except Hilton at PHL-Airport) - avoid at every cost and spend your money elsewhere !	
Oct 11 2009 	I'll be back	We took the train to Chicago for a few days over the fourth of July. Great location as we were able walked everywhere we wanted to go from that hotel. (including to and from the train station). The main lobby was stunning. The staff was professional. The room was clean. The price was very reasonable. The room was a bit small and the loop is located right along one side of the hotel which is a bit loud. I would definately stay here again.	
Oct 10 2009 	Georgous Hotel Perfect Location	We stayed here on a visit to Chicago during the Chicago Blues Festival this year. Everything we wanted to do was within walking distance. There is a Starbucks in the lobby which is very convenient. Rooms were on the small side, but new and crisp and clean. The lobby is a landmark. The staff was helpful and friendly, despite being a very busy weekend.	
Oct 9 2009 	Lovely hotel	Wish we would have had more time to induldge in the perks of the Palme Lovely hotel. Very expensive bar. Try the Bar outside the main doors to the right Millers- great bar,Also, upgrade to the executive floors for private elevator and night time snacks and breakfast in the am.	
Oct 9 2009 	Fantastic Hotel Fantastic Location	Hotel was beautiful, rooms were nicely done, and was perfectly located for walking to theater, Millenium Park, shopping. Hotel restaurant was just okay even though was hyped, but bar was nice and worth a visit. Corner Bakery just around the corner for inexpensive breakfast.	
Oct 9 2009 	Wander back to elegance	Loved the ornate lobby. Could imagine the many years of fashionably dressed women sweeping down the stairs. Tea in the lobby was delightful. Courteous, helpful staff. Rooms were comfortable. Lunch sandwiches delicious.	
Oct 8 2009 	Other hotels offer more for the same or less	This is an grand old hotel with the look and feel of a by gone era. The physical plant is quite impressive. I travel quite a bit and amenities like a fridge or microwave are pretty standards items. Not here. If you &quot;require&quot; either item, count on spending an additional $60.00 each. Increasingly we rely on our cell phone and internet for communications. Getting a reliable phone signal (AT&amp;T) was impossible. Hence, I missed many important calls business and family. I had to exit the building to get a signal. Internet (No wireless) is free at many hotels and a &quot;modest&quot; charge at others. Basic internet at The Palmer House $17.00 per day and &quot;High Speed&quot; is $20.00 per day. Of course, you want high speed. So 5 days of internet is a $100.00. Hotel restaurant food also appears to fall outside of the norm on the high end. Consequently, we elected to eat outside of the hotel every day.	
Oct 8 2009 	classic hotel great location	Palmer House Hilton was a great choice for my conference due to its location. Hotel was very classic, and located in the heart of the city. The train stop direct from the airport was about a 1 minute walk from the Hotel. Interior of the hotel was very classic and beautifully decorated. They've also converted the bar to a very much needed restaurant, as the restaurants nearby leave little to be desired.One word of warning: the lobby, as grand and nice as it is, gets no cell reception on at least 3 of the major cell providers. This made coordinating meetings there quite difficult.	
Oct 8 2009 	Exquisite lobby in the perfect Chicago location !	Just to sit in the gorgeous lobby is heavenly ! Drinks are at a tasteful bar or served at the comfy chair/couch groupings.For our first stay in early October we declined an offer to pay $30 ($39 w/tax) for an up-grade to an &quot;Executive Room&quot;, including snacks, happy hour hot &amp; cold hors d'oeuvres,and breakfast. We had to ask for this on our 2nd. trip, and were very pleased. What was missing from both rooms was a coffee maker in the room !The location of the Palmer House Hilton is a 15 minute walk from Union Station, less than 10 minutes to the Art Institute or shopping the Mag. Mile.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location Fun Lobby	First off use Priceline. I got a room for $100 a night. The hotel itself was quite nice. The location can't be beat. You can walk to a ton of great stuff. The staff was really helpful. The Lobby bar was fairly hoppin at night. The room was smallish, but not too bad. I would stay there again in a second!	
Oct 8 2009 	Beautiful hotel	Customer service was wonderful. They would recommend places to go and great places to dine. The subway and bus stops are right outside the doors. Taxis are at your service 24hrs. The lobby is very beautiful and impressive. The lobby had couches and chairs that were serviced by the restaurant, so you could enjoy yourself there. The rooms were small, but in a big city that is what I expect. The rooms were very clean and very up to date.	
Oct 8 2009 	Better than my expectations	I was apprehensive when my friend told me she booked this hotel for our July 4th, Taste of Chicago trip. Why? because the price was really good considering it was so close to Millienum Park. However, the hotel was better than i thought. We was in a great location. The park was a 5 min walk away, buses and trains 2 mins away, stores such as Nordstrom Rack, Urban Outfitters, Office Depot was around the corner, a Starbucks downstairs, and bar downstairs. The room was decent size and clean. The bathroom was CLEAN. (most important to me). The conceirge provided an umbrella. CONS: Parking is VERY expensive. Cleaning crew came in late in the day.	
Oct 8 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	I stayed here for a conference. We got a discounted rate since there were so many people booking rooms which made it more affordable but otherwise it would be very expensive.	
Oct 8 2009 	good place to stay	Stayed for two nights while attending business meetings. Room was lovely (although a very long walk from elevator around three corners which as a waoman I dont appreciate). Well furnished, safe in the closet ,and a smallish but well fitted bathroom. One thing missing was an in-roomcoffee maker. My only complaint is that when I arrived I had to carry my suitcase from the front doors up a flight of stairs to the lobby. I later discovered an elevator but it was quite a walk away and not visible from the entrance. Surely they could have discretely added an escalator. Did not visit the bar or restaurants other than Starbucks for coffee. Heard one guest complaining that he would have to pay $18 to use the treadmill - he was heading out to run on the streets instead. Although I was there for business I must note the fabulous location - block from Millenium Park and close to great shopping (FIlene's basement, Marshall Fields, Nordstrom Rack....). I dont know what the regular rates are - my rate was very reasonable, negotiated through the meeting host. A lovely historic hotel, very well renovated.	
Oct 8 2009 	Good Time --- Good Hotel	It was centrally located --- with a Restaurant that was very goodboth for Breakfast &amp; for Dinner -- with a Bar thatstayed open after Dinner...good crowd at the place !	
Oct 8 2009 	Not Worth the money	I only stayed at the Palmer House Hilton because my meeting was being held there.The hotel is old and shows its age. The bathroom is small and the sinkpost was ducttaped. The walls are paperthin, every night I could here the crying baby in the room next door. Saturday night, a drunken guest a few doors down woke everybody up with his loud screams, throwing of stuff against the walls etc. It took the security guys a long time to subdue him, needless to say, I was up at 3 am and couldn't go back to sleep.And to top it off, I had a room in the front of the hotel where I could here the trains going by every minute, until 1 am, like they where right next to me.I will never stay there again!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Decent Stay Good Location but....	We stayed at this hotel for one night during the last weekend of August so we can enjoy downtown Chicago. The good: The lobby was beautiful and our room was nice enough. The location was also great and 2 blocks from Grant Park which made sightseeing super easy. Also it was one block away from most buses, the red line and 2 blocks away from the blue making travel from the airport affordable (although they had construction so the trains were running in sections with bus service in lieu of train service - really annoying). The beds were super comfortable which was nice. The bad: We had the handicapped accessible room (booked through Orbitz) which made the room large enough for 3 people. Unfortunately there was no shower tub so we had a &quot;small lake&quot; in our bathroom after everyone showered. Also there were other little things such as the room had a musty smell when we walked in and the toiletry products seemed watered down. Also we had to ask for extra towels although they knew we had 3 people in the room. The hotel staff was nice enough but this was NOT a Hilton caliber hotel but similar to a upscale Howard Johnson. They also charge you to use their gym/fitness center which I thought was insane. All in all it was affordable compared to the other hotels but its good to know what to expect before booking	
Oct 7 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	It's well worth the price. It's in downtown Chicago and close to transit. 	
Oct 6 2009 	looks great but...	We arrived after a trip from sunny maui only to arrive to a rainy chicago.Got to the hotel to find a grand interior lobby although busy looked the part.The room was a different matter. a single room with a double bed a very tight to space to say the least. We were probably unlucky but thats life!	
Oct 6 2009 	Small Room but Nice	I wouldn't recommend this Hotel for a Family Trip because the rooms are extremely small, however the room was nice. DIdn't have much of a view but we did get it for $85 on Priceline so I didn't expect a lot. The room was nice and clean and service was great.. Lobby is out of this world beautiful if you like old style elegance. Location is perfect for Sears tower, Jeweler's Row. The Red Line train is just outside the door and the Blue Line is one block over. If you're coming from O'hare, you can ride the train for $2.25 and get off just 1 block from the hotel. Concierge was very helpful too.	
Oct 5 2009	Wanting a special treat for my little 81 year old mother I booked a room on the executive floor at the Hilton Palmer Ho	We were very pleased with the friendly, accommodating staff and our great room. We picked up our Go Chicago Card and our Grayline trolley pass in the gift shop there at the hotel. The location was great for accessing parks, museums, shopping and wonderful dining, either by walking, or nearby trolley and public transportation. We had a great lunch in the Walnut Room at Macy’s, a to-die-for Chicago pizza at Pizanos, and a real treat at the Russian Tea House; all within a very short walk from hotel. We went to see the Jersey Boys which was within a half block of the hotel. We ate at Portilla’s for our Chicago hotdog several blocks from the hotel, but Bus 22 dropped us off within a half block of Palmer House. Mom, my two sister’s and I made lasting memories on our trip.	
Oct 4 2009 	Would Only Stay Here If I Had To.....	I would only recommend the Palmer House if you had to stay here. The only reason we stayed here is because it was the hotel for our meeting.Here are the disadvantages:Service - Service is uneven. I think this has to do with the size of the hotel (because it's BIG). If the hotel is near full, everyone seems overwhelmed. Every call we made to the front desk resulted in being put on hold. There were lines of people everywhere. Maybe things are better when the hotel is not so full.Rooms - I don't really understand the rooms. Our room was on executive level. The positive side to this is the top two floors had private elevator (instead of the big bank of about 12 elevators). Our room was modest in size (but OK). Bath was tiny. Decor was kind of over-the-top fussy style (sort of mid-80's maybe). I visited friend in regular type room, which was spacious with big bath. Regular room had flat screen TV. Executive rooms had older type TVs. Other reviewers have mentioned varying sizes of rooms. I don't think you'll know what you're getting until you are there.Cost - Others have mentioned the extra costs for about everything. Internet was extra $20/day. Just go to the Corner Bakery (on outside 1st floor of hotel) and it's free. Other little things - I called in advance to see if rooms had coffee pots and was told yes. Written information in rooms said rooms had coffee pots. There were none - staff said they'd all been removed. All-in-all, I'd chose a smaller type hotel if visiting Chicago for fun. I think there are much more comfortable, modern, and economical places in town. We stayed at the Renaissance (Wacker Drive) and Burnham before and loved both of them!	
Oct 2 2009 	Pretty but not worth the cost	The Palmer House Hilton hotel is stunning in appearance. The lobby and ballroom are stunning. The location is excellent and it's only 2 blocks from the Monroe stop (blue line from O'Hare Airport). The staff is extremely courteous and helpful. The beds were quite comfortable. However:1. Internet options, based on speed, range from $15 - $20/day2. The fitness facilities cost $18/day3. The bathroom is tiny4. The water pressure wasn't the best (I had to hold the flush lever for several minutes for the toilet to entirely flush)5. The drain in my tub was clogged so my first shower at the hotel consisted of me standing in 2 inches of dirty water. However, maintenance was called and came very quickly to fix the problem.6. Parking is $51/day7. The room had no coffee/tea maker and no refrigeratorThe perks are staff &amp; location, but overall it wasn't worth the amount paid.	
Sep 27 2009 	Beautiful convenient and comfortable historic hotel.	I just returned from a 3 day weekend trip to Chicago and couldn't be happier. The staff from check in to check out was very pleasant. While checking in I asked for an upgraded room and they were able to accommodate me with a very nice room on the 'Executive Level' on the very top floor. I highly recommend the upgrade due to the excellent service you receive as well as larger rooms (mine had 2 bathrooms). Decorated beautifully the lobby and adjoining corridors were breathtaking. My room was decorated very nicely and had only the best in furnishings. It is only 2 blocks from Millennium Park and the Art Institute. I have been to Chicago several times and this is the best I have stayed in. I highly recommend the Palmer House Hilton.	
Sep 25 2009 	Couldn't have picked a better place	One will see a beautiful lobby and an inviting bar. The hotel is clean and the staff are friendly and personable. Large comfortable rooms. I had a leaky faucet in the bathroom, reported it to the hotel and it was fixed that day while I was out about town.It is in the hub of Chicago and public transportation by bus and rail is within a few blocks, making it easy to get around Chicago and back to the hotel. All types of culinary experiences are available within walking distance.There are 2 7-Elevens just west of Wabash; one block north of the hotel and one on the south side of the hotel across the street. Both have deli sandwiches for $3 or less (and at the time included a bag of Fritos chips) that one can pack for a day of traveling Chicago and save a few $$$ on food.	
Sep 24 2009 	Absolute Perfection	This hotel is so wonderful in so many ways. You must stay here when you travel to Chicago - it will really take you back to a time in society when things were so grand. The proximity to Millennium Park is amazing. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to Chicago!	
Sep 24 2009 	Terrible customer service	Very bad customer service. I made the reservation through priceline and called the hotel just to make sure I have 1 bed instead of 2. The person from room accommodations asked me how I made my reservation. Once she realized that it's from priceline, she gave me a lecture on how the rooms booked through priceline are non-changeable, non-refundable, non-xxxxx and so on, she told me the only option I have is to request it upon check-in. One thing I wouldn't expect from a four star hotel is such poor customer service. I thought I was talking to my cable or telecom company.	
Sep 22 2009 	A Fantastic Priceline Deal	The Palmer is a grand hotel in a great location. No, it's not new, but the lobby is spectacular, our room was very pleasant, the bedding was to die for, and our stay there couldn't have been better. It's a short walk to restaurants, bars and attractions, or to the El to take you anywhere else you'd like to go. Right around the corner is the Exchequer (&quot;ex-checker&quot;) restaurant and pub for relatively inexpensive drinks after a long day. Even without a Priceline discount I would recommend the Palmer.	
Sep 21 2009 	Awesome Hotel	We loved the Palmer House Hilton. We stayed in room 258 and it was very nice. The hotel was in a great area. We did alot of walking but we pretty much walked every where. There is a great breakfast place on the corner from the hotel. A couple of doors down we got an awesome deep dish pizza. The pictures that you see of this hotel is exactly what you get. We also bid on our room and got it at a great price.	
Sep 21 2009 	Some nickle-and-diming	This is a fine hotel if you can get it at a discounted rate from Priceline or some other service. Clean but small rooms; well-located in the middle of the Loop next to several subway lines; pleasant staff. The only thing that bugged me is that it's one of these places that tries to charge you for things many hotels include in the price of a room. Wireless Internet? Sure, sir, we have three different price tiers. Gym? Of, course. That will be $18. I got there at 9 a.m. and was charged $25 for early check-in. I was told that if I didn't want to pay to check in early I would have to wait until at least 1 p.m., but that they couldn't guarantee me the king bed I had requested. However - lucky me - they had one available now for the extra charge. All of this was done in a friendly, professional way by the nice lady at the front desk, but it still left a big of a bad taste in my mouth.	
Sep 21 2009 	Dirty towels and tiny bed	I stayed at Palmer House with my husband on two consecutive weekends (14-16 Aug and 21-23 Aug), and on both of them the experience was not pleasant for different reasons.At the first time, we were given (as well as the other couple travelling with us) a very tiny bed (about 4ft - 1,2m wide!). It was so small that my husband actually fell of the bed once. We couldn’t move much during the night (with the risk of falling of), which made sleeping quite uncomfortable. The room was also very small, there was the bed and minimum space to walk around it and a small dresser with tv on top (the smallest hotel room I've ever been to).We asked to change rooms, and like the other couple; we heard that they had nothing else to offer and that we shouldn't book through priceline.com next time! What a shame!Next stay was already booked (and pre paid), so we decided to go anyway. At check in, we already begged for a bigger room, and since the hotel was not so full, they granted us a king size bed room. The room was at least twice as big as the previous one, which was very good. For my surprise after I found a dirty towel among the supposedly clean ones (lipstick marks). I complained and of course they deeply apologized and brought us a new one. Next day I found on the night table one french fry and a Mc Donald's ketchup, and we hadn't eaten there!Cleanliness was clearly very poor on that second stay. Besides, bathtub/shower combination drain was working poorly, so we damped our feet on about 6 ft deep water even when showering, which I find very unpleasant. Called maintenance, it stayed pretty much the same, and we where left with a dirty toilet, full of maintenance guy's footprints (and still not working).It was not expensive considering location (80-90 dollars per night), but I will search for another hotel next time.Valet parking is vey expensive (50 dollars a day) but that's a poblem of the location, not the hotel.Location is though VERY good, near Millenium park and other sights.	
Sep 20 2009 	Beautiful hotel stunning lobby and great accomodations	We booked a room on Hotwire and stayed overnight this weekend. We got a room with double beds, and the room was spacious, with a nice sitting chair with ottoman, luxurious bed linens, nice tv, desk, chair, and a small but adequate bathroom with marble countertop. The location is fabulous, just a block away from Millenium Park. We parked at the Millenium Park garage (enter off on Monroe St.) for just less than 24 hours for $23 (I hear it is $29/day?), and walked the two long blocks to the Palmer House. Check in was quick on a Friday afternoon. The lobby was bustling, but not overly crowded. We ate at Millers Pub, a friendly place around the corner, then headed east on Monroe toward the lakefront to watch fireworks off of Navy Pier and played outdoor mini-golf at a place right on Monroe and Lake Shore Drive (fun and charming place that served bar food and drinks outdoors). Saturday was Michigan Ave. and lunch at Bandera (pricey but amazing burgers), and lots of window shopping. We've stayed at many different downtown Chicago hotels over the years. I really think the Palmer House Hilton is a nice hotel in a terrific location, and is worthy of its four star rating.	
Sep 19 2009 	Great priceline stay	I placed a $90 bid on a 4-star hotel in the millenium park area and we ended up with this hotel. My husband and I were both very happy with this hotel. The ambiance is magnificent. Lots of high ceilings, very rich, contemporary decor. The rooms were standard size for a DT Chicago hotel. Basic amenities and we ended up with a great view on the 20th floor. The concierge was very helpful with recommending restaurants. If you are going to see Jersey boys, the theater is across the street from this hotel. Were were able to walk a few blocks from Union Station to the hotel and on to Millenium Park, State St shopping and even the restaurant we dined at for dinner, which was off Congress and Dearborn. Everything was close by and for the price, it was a great deal.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great Location no 4 Star	Great locationQ 1/2block from from Michigan Ave Millenium Park, Museums, Soldier Field. Rooms are REALLY small, and bathrooms are tiny. No mini-bar, mini refriderator or refreshment center in room. Comfortable bed. Be sure to ask for room on opposite side of L train. L runs 10 feet from the building every 5 minutes.	
Sep 12 2009 	Would Stay Again	Valet could not handle the van with a top, nor could self park garage a block away. Is a Surface Lot a block south which worked but watch attendant as tried to double our cost from amount posted.After convuluded parking experience were tired. Business services on lower level as well as Star Bucks. In the afternoon hotel has Tea and those patrons were just finishing up. Check in @ PH was very friendly and efficient. We on the executive floor. Specific elevators for specific floors. Staff had contact with not afraid to make eye contact and assist. Room lovely. Separate bedroom from living/eating area Plenty of seating, comfortable linens. Bathroom very tiny. Executive Lounge cash bar starting @ 1600. Soda/Coffee etc avail throughout day. Continental Breakfast complete. Ck out efficient. Theatre, &quot;Millers Pub&quot; and even drug store within a block area of hotel. Loop, Museums, etc all easy walking from hotel.	
Sep 11 2009 	Definitely would stay again.	Beautiful hotel, walking distance to most everything, clean,and fun. We stayed on one off the executive floors, we enjoyed a nice breakfast, and snacks dudring the day, along with happy hour from 5-7pm. Thanks Palmer House!	
Sep 11 2009 	Rough start turns into great stay	Booked two rooms on Priceline for $67 each, about the same as the cost of one room through Travelocity. (Priceline only guarantees space for two people, and we had three and didn’t want to take a chance). During our stay, our plans changed and we needed to book another night downtown only one day in advance. The Palmer House desk offered a rate of $199, and Travelocity was offering $149. So I again went to Priceline, this time bidding $75. It was accepted by the nearby Hyatt. Rough start -- On our initial arrival at the Palmer House, at 8:45 p.m. on Saturday, Sept. 5, we were told the hotel was sold out and there were only nine rooms not yet occupied, and all were being cleaned. We would not have a choice on the type of rooms and were given a King Bed Smoking and Two Doubles Non-Smoking. We were told the wait would be 20-30 minutes and that they would call our cell phone when the room was ready. In return for our wait, the clerk gave us $125 in vouchers to the Lockwood restaurant, which is the primary dining offering. We waited about an hour and finally went to the desk, where staffing had changed. We were told one room was ready, that we could check in, and that they would deliver the key to the second room when it was ready. At 11 p.m., more than two hours after our arrival, I went to the front desk and had to wait in line for 10 minutes before getting the key to the second room. It is also worth noting that the bellman service for bags was not really optional. We were not allowed to grab our own cart and handle our own bags. They took the bags to a secure holding area and then brought them to our room after check-in. We ended up tipping twice there.The rooms -- The smoking room really smelled bad upon entering, but we adjusted quickly and stayed there all three nights, even though we probably could have moved on the second day. It was spacious enough for two. The room with two doubles was a little tight, but still would have been acceptable for three people given the low price. The beds and pillows were as good or better than any hotel we have ever stayed in. Really fantastic. Both rooms were well equipped with shampoo, iron, blow dryer, etc. The TVs were outdated 25-inch tube models. The “classic” décor was not to our taste, especially the garish curtains, but more pleasant than we expected from photos found on Flickr and Google Images. Public spaces -- This is where this hotel shines and why I would go back again and again. The Palmer House was once the world’s largest hotel. The lobby is world-class spectacular, and adjoining spaces such as the elevator entry rooms are quite special. The three mornings I spent in the lobby waiting on family members with my coffee more than made up for any shortcomings. They play background music in the lobby and elevators that includes some soothing selections and some Dean Martin/Sinatra type stuff from the heyday of the hotel (Apparently Sinatra played in the Empire Room just off the lobby.)Food -- There is a Starbucks in the hotel on the ground floor. The Lockwood restaurant was very nice, but too pricey for our tastes if we hadn’t had the vouchers. We used the vouchers on two mornings, and for $125 we got four breakfast buffets ($22 ea), a Belgian Waffle ($12), and some coffee and sodas. The breakfasts were good, but the basic items we chose (eggs, potatoes, sausage, cantelope) were really no better than most free buffets offered at chains like Holiday Inn Express. Location -- Great. About two blocks from Millenium Park and the Art Institute, right next to the train loop and State Street Subway entrance, and about three blocks south of the river (The subway was handy to get to north Michigan Ave., within about five blocks of the contemporary art museum). Eateries near the hotel include a Corner Bakery next door; Miller’s Pub around the corner (classic steak, roast beef and ribs, with many entrees under $15); an Italian place in the next block; and the Berghoff brewhaus and German restaurant about two blocks away. Also two Irish pub restaurants within about three blocks, right off the river on State Street (One had 10-oz Angus burgers with fries for $6). A CVS is across the street, and there is lots of shopping within a couple of blocks, including TJ Maxx and H&amp;M. In the past we have stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn which is near the north end of Michigan Ave., and I found on this stay that I prefer the character of the loop.Parking -- To avoid the $52/night valet cost, I parked at the Grant North underground garage below Millenium Park. Its pedestrian entrance is just over one block from the hotel. It was very convenient and cost $29 per day. The timing of our limited car use made this work. If we were making multiple trips, the free in/out of the valet might have been more attractive.	
Sep 11 2009 	Good but not as good as it thinks it is!	First impressions were of a grand, ornate hotel. We walked to the hotel from Chicago station and it took about 10 minutes asit was quite easy to find. We lugged our cases up the stairs to the first floor lobby and reception and then discovered the escalators. We arrived a bit early and couldn't have an early check in without paying an additional $25. We left our luggage there (no charge) and went for a walk until the time was right. I found the reception staff a bit aloof and quite hard to understand. They rattle everything off so quickly it's hard to take everything in. Anyway as there were 4 of us we were offered an up-grade on our room. For an extra $29 dollars per night we could upgrade to executive level, which gave us use of executive lobby, continental breakfast, hors d'hoeuvres between 5 and 7pm, snacks and drinks all day and use of pc. We decided this would be a good move as breakfast for 4 would cost more than $29 dollars on it's own. This also meant we could use executive lift which doesn't stop at all the other floors. It was definitely worth doing and food and drinks provided were really good. Our room was very nice, (although nothing special considering we were on executive level!). shower was very nice though, with 2 shower heads. Housekeeping was ok although as usually happens, despite the fact there are four of us they didn't leave the right number of towels and we had to keep phoning down for more. We did have a meal in the lobby restaurant one evening, which was ok , but for the price we weren't keen to rush back there. Location was good for us as we were going to Chicago Theatre as well and that's really close by. It was about 15 minutes walk to the Magnificent mile and about 30 minutes to Shedd Aquarium. We enjoyed the walks and exploring and the lovely walk along the river. We would definitely go back there. It was our first visit to Chicago and we thoroughly enjoyed it. I think the hotel could be improved if the staff could be a little less stuffy and more friendly.	
Sep 9 2009 	Very Nice	This hotel is definitely a great place to stay while in the city. The lobby and restaurants are fantastic and posh. The rooms are clean and the bathroom was marble-tastic. I definitely recommend- especially since you can't beat the location as it is very close to Millennium Park and the Art Institute.	
Sep 8 2009 	Priceline is the way to go!	Having won a bid for $64/night on Priceline, we knew what to expect given previous reviews. I would highly recommend whoever plans on staying at this hotel become a Hilton Honors member, it's free and allowed us to bypass the fairly large line-up at the regular check-in desk. Although we were not lucky enough to be given a room on the executive floors for free, ($39/day for the upgrade) as it was labor day weekend the hotel was fully booked. We were fairly satisfied with our room. It was on the 10th floor, away from the El-track but facing one of the internal courtyards, with a view on the opposite facing rooms. It was quiet, but again one cannot choose their neighboors and we were surrounded by families with children. Anyway, given the small amount of time we spent in our room all this didn't matter very much. The cleaning crew was fantastic and all the staff we encountered very friendly and professional. We also used the business center on the 7th floor to print out boarding passes for free; any other use of the Internet has to be charged on a credit card you swipe yourself. The Lockwood cafe offers 2-4pm tea time at a cost of $40/person, a little steep so we opted to skip the english sandwiches and scones ;) However for those looking for a nice afternoon tea, in beautiful surroundings will probably not be disappointed.	
Sep 8 2009 	Can't say enough great things about the Palmer House!	I can not say enough great things about the Palmer House Hilton. We had a great stay! The hotel is absolutely beautiful! Very clean and decorated nicely. The beds were so comfortable we didn't want to get up every morning. Our room was very spacious with two double beds and two full bathrooms! The staff was very nice and helpful. My only complainant would be that on a Sat. morning during a holiday weekend there was only one concierge at the desk and it was very busy. Great location too! Just blocks away from Millennium Park, downtown shopping, the Chicago Theatre and the River!	
Sep 8 2009 	Room felt like a closet	The exterior and lobby of the hotel were beautiful. The staff was friendly. The location was excellent; just a block from the Art Museum. The room was incredibly small (~150 sq ft?). Once we brought a crib in we could hardly move. There was a tiny desk with one chair and nowhere else for anyone to sit. We had to eat on the floor. The bathroom was so narrow you could not get in without the door being opened to the maximum extent. There was no coffee maker in the room. Needless to say, I would not recommend this hotel for families. We got the room through Priceline for a good price, but once I got there I would have glady paid more for a decent sized room.	
Sep 6 2009 	Perfectly unremarkable but a good location	First off, the positives:The Palmer House Hilton is well-located in the Loop, particularly if you're going to be using transit. It's on Monroe between State and Wabash in the heart of the Loop, with the Monroe Red Line El stop directly outside its State St. entrance, and the Adams/Wabash el stop outside its Wabash entrance (Green, Orange, Brown, Purple &amp; Pink lines). The Monroe blue line stop is a block west.The old world lobby is gaudy and grand, and perpetually busy. The staff is for the most part very friendly. There's a Starbucks one level below the lobby (caveat: The prices are higher than at a non-hotel 'Bucks).The cozy rooms are clean if uninteresting, with the standard Hilton decor. Housekeeping was excellent.The hotel, despite being older, features a pool and health club.BUT.......Again, the rooms are small, and the bathrooms are TEENY (as in moderate-price London hotel bathroom small). Also, the in-room televisions are dated. (Get with the flat-screen program, people.) Waiting on the elevators at check-out time on a Sunday will test your sanity.For the $62 per night rate I got on Priceline, the Palmer House was more than fine. I didn't spend a great deal of time in the room anyway, so the small rooms didn't bug me that much.That said, I wouldn't pay the rack rate for this hote.	
Sep 5 2009 	Reminded me of my dorm room in college	i walked my room and measured it at 10x15, just a little bigger than my dorm room in college. the window overlooked the other wing of the hotel reminding me of the movies where the blind opens to a brick wall. the lobby was beautiful but misrepresented the actual room. bed was uncomfortable.	
Sep 4 2009 	Excellent location beautiful hotel showing its age	My wife and I spent several nights here on a getaway excursion. I didn't choose it -- Priceline gave it to me for $70. If I'd paid the book rate, $175, I'd have been less pleased. No troubles with checkin. Very small room but bed was clean and comfortable. Starbucks in the lobby was a godsend. I'd read horror stories about the staff but they seemed friendly enough. For $70, it's a steal. For its online face value, not so much. Will definitely return if can get similar price.	
Sep 3 2009 	$75 bid on priceline...Diamond level floor...SWEET	I was unsure of this hotel because of the mixed reviews, but we loved it. Upon check-in we were told we would be staying on the Diamond Level floor. We had a huge room with king bed. As we walked into the bathroom, we realized it was a handicap accessible, as the shower was flush with the floor. There was no shower head, but a detachable one that you could not raise up to shower head level. That was annoying to take a shower with, but got the job done. But after reading the other reviews, this seemed like a small problem. Every night we requested water to our room, which was brought to us free of charge (I assume this was a Diamond Level perk). The locale was great for us as it was near Millennium and Grant Parks and within walking distance of the Mad Mile.	
Sep 3 2009 	Nice big hotel convenient location and I love Priceline!	This was my second time using priceline to bid for lodging. After a successful stay at our first hotel using priceline, I was glad to use Priceline again. This time I was more experienced and was more prepared. I went to tripadvisor and searched for the city that wanted to stay in and the word priceline in my search. This brought up all the reviews with people mentioning their accepted bids. This gave me an idea of the lowest amount that would be accepted. My bid of $65 was accepted and we were assigned this hotel. Like a ritual, after knowing where we would stay, I went and read all the reviews on this hotel. I wasn't so much concerned about all the negative reviews anymore.. but I did learn of what to expect. Such as the small bathrooms, the prices of parking, the huge number of rooms this hotel has. How they were amenable to switch room if you do request them to.For us, our room was neat, standard size, and clean. We were in a corner of the building so we got two windows in our room. And luckily for us, we were on the quiet side of the building because I wouldn't want to be on the side that's next to the train. But I don't think it would be a problem for us to ask for a room change if we did get put on the noisy side. My only problem was the small bathroom. I felt uncomfortable in it and hated it.. but this was a minor issue. Like I say in all my reviews, the price I paid for, I was happy with anything. But even if I was on a business trip and my company had to pay full price for this.. There wasn't much to complain about anyway. Oh yeah the swimming pool was small-- but better than no swimming pool I guess.And to all the complainers about having to pay for internet connection. I've never NOT been charged for internet in all my stays at other hotels, so this is really not new. As for no cofee maker in the room-- that seems to be the industry's trend in this slow econonmy, so get used to it.We did self parking for $36 (unlimited access if you bill it to the hotel) instead of the hotel's valet parking of $51. The self park building is adjacent to the hotel so the walk was non-existent. It was no problem at all! Beside, for the 2 days we stayed in the area, we never even used our car. The hotel is a block from the southern end of the Magnificent Mile. And just 2 blocks from the Art Institute of Chicago which offered free admission on Thursday and Friday from 5pm-9pm. I thought that was great because we wouldn't have paid the full $18/adult to get in. We love the Corner Bakery next to the hotel and its chilled Strawberry Almond Swiss Outmeal. We found the greatest restaurant in town! It's called Weber's Grill. We've never had more tender steak and BBQ chicken (the BBQ ribs weren't that reat though). If I do come back to visit Chicago again, it would be because of this restaurant.Overall, we would stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 31 2009 	No rest for the weary	Let me preface this review by first saying that I 'pricelined' my reservation and therefore expected to get a slightly less than stellar room at the Palmer House Hilton. Because of the price I paid I did question if I should write this review...but decided to do so because the Hilton is classified as a '4-star' hotel on priceline...and I found a few things that were not so 4-star about the hotel.First the 'pro's'* GREAT location.* Room was very, very clean. It was on the small side but certainly workable, even though the bed appeared to be something between a queen and a full size, so my 6'3&quot; husband wasn't all that comfortable.* Never a long wait for an elevator* Starbucks in the lobby was convenient for that early AM coffee run (there are no coffee makers in the room but that didn't bother me as i'm more of a starbucks junkie!)Now the cons:* While the size of the room didn't bother me, the bathroom was very, very small. I am a small person and I had a hard time getting into the shower...it is a tight squeeze b/t the door and the toilet!* The plumbing could use some work. I understand it is an old hotel, but i swear we heard it every time someone flushed the toilet on the entire 12th floor. It was LOUD! Also the water pressure in the shower was highly variable, as was the temperature. I guess the shift from warm to freezing to blazing hot did serve to wake me up, but it was not welcome...* The walls are paper thin. This was the biggest problem that we had. There was a couple that had some kind of domestic dispute going on in the room next to us, BOTH NIGHTS, starting around 1AM. I actually considered calling 9-1-1 the first night, it was that bad (no, I'm not exagerating) but as the conversation was in a foreign language i could not clearly discern if someone was in danger. I was up for hours hearing our neighbors crying and screaming, it was just ridiculous. The second night it started at 1AM, and I quickly retrieved earplugs, but they did not block all the noise. Now this is obviously not the Hilton's fault (the yelling part), but we were on a renovated floor....so we were told....and I question why the walls would not be reinforced during the renovation if the problem with noise filtration was that obvious? I'm certainly not the only person with this problem, now that I read other reviews.Overall the stay was disappointing since we were only in the room to sleep...and that was the only thing we could NOT do. I'm surprised that this would classify as a 4-star hotel, given the plumbing problems, the noise filtration issues, and the lack of ammenities. I have had much better rooms at a Holiday Inn, so the '4-star' denotion is questionable! Of course someone else might have a superb room, so I guess it is the luck of he draw with this hotel. I don't think I would take the risk again.	
Aug 30 2009	Disappointed	My husband and I were given a one night stay in a suite at The Palmer House Hilton as a gift. When we arrived the lobby was packed and I used my Hilton Honors membership to check in so as not to stand in the very long check in line. It was a frigid day in Chicago and the revolving doors never stopped moving which made the lobby area very cold.On the way to our room we passed rooms with trays discarded outside the doors - they were still there the following morning. Our suite was huge. The decor quite stiff and decorated in a 'Roman' type theme. The living room was very large with two sofas, a dining table for eight and a full wet bar, plus a full bathroom. The bedroom was quite big also with a king bed, lovely linens, down duvet and loads of down pillows. And another bathroom.My husband had work to finish but had a difficult time connecting to the internet. He ended up having to move furniture to connect to a phone jack, and talking to the tech department to sort it out. The internet connection in the bedroom was the only place were it would work. I watched TV in the living room and soon discovered how stiff and uncomfortable both sofa's were. While my husband tried to get his work finished I had a bath in the bedroom bathroom. It had no vent and soon was steamed up and smelling of mildew... We left the hotel for dinner at a nearby restaurant. Came back to have a drink in the lobby only to find it over-run by guests attending functions at the hotel. So, it was back to our suite where we slept fine. My husband got up early and went to the Starbucks around the corner to finish his work and brought back a coffee for me. We checked out and were glad to be on our way asap.	
Aug 30 2009 	Clean Comfortable Room Expensive Everything Else	The Palmer House Hilton Hotel is located in downtown Chicago, a few blocks from the Willis [previously Sears] Tower and right on the L-train. It is an excellent location. The hotel is beautifully appointed, and the rooms are clean. Its amenities are expensive, though. Internet access is over $14 daily. The hotel charges for toll free calls. And parking is $36 daily. I could not get cell phone coverage in my room, so any attempt at communicating with the outside world would have cost me...unacceptable for such an expensive hotel.	
Aug 30 2009 	A well-oiled (hotel) machine in the heart of the Loop	Many enormous hotels suffer from their size, but Palmer House doesn't. Check-in is faster than you'd expect at a huge hotel. When I arrived, it was noon and too early, but the friendly receptionist checked me in and did everything but give the keys - that was great because when I returned about an hour and a half later, it only took twenty seconds. The concierge had thoughtful recommendations because he asked good questions about what we were looking for rather than just make quick, automatic suggestions. The luggage storage valet was happy and efficient. in holding bags before getting into the room and after we checked out This is how a well-oiled (hotel) machine should run.The room was spacious, with a small adjoining bathroom (remember, this hotel was built waaaaay back when standard room bathrooms were built that way, plain and simple). Amenities are similar to Hiltons nationwide. The location is perfect for city exploration (leave the car at home, you're either a walk or an El ride from everything). Be sure to take advantage of the Corner Bakery Cafe located, quite naturally, on the corner.Booked through Priceline - it was a steal at under $100 a night for an exceptional location and smooth as silk service. Oh, and we saw members of the Dream Team 1992 Olympic basketball team there!	
Aug 29 2009 	Beautiful but pricey	First trip to Chicago- great city!! Clean, and safe at least on the east side at this location. Big beautiful lobby, staff was somewhat snobbish. Room was beautiful and clean but a little small. Double bed, but worked for us. Comfortable and clean, thats usually all that matters. Got a great deal, $75 a night on priceline, incredible deal. Just watch out for extras like internet, $19.99 a night and parking even worse $36 a day!! You even had to pay to use the gym! At least we saved on the room. We called to ask the concierge about local biking etc, he was rude and said &quot;i already told you that&quot;. Apparently not a 4star customer service. Our room was on the executive floor so there is a complimentary coffee/drink room during the day and complimentary continental breakfast only on our floor. Also a complimentary computer with internet and printer if you need it. I preferred to use my own room. So pretty nice for a 4 star pricey hotel if you get that floor. You had to have a special key to even get onto it. Hotel is very close to site seeing like Lake Michigan &amp; Sears Tower. Great deep dish pizza right around the corner. We would definitely stay again, great time in chicago and at the palmer house!	
Aug 28 2009 	Beautiful Old Grand Hotel	I have been fortunate enough to stay at the Palmer House on several occations. When you think of extravegent hotels from the early 1900's, the Palmer House has to be near the top of the list. One chooses the Palmer House because of its history. It is not flashy. Modern hotels may have more ammenities but they lack the charm.It does not matter how many times I walk into the lobby, it is stunning, even opulent. At Christmas time, there is a tree that is beautifully decorated that stands at least 25 feet tall. Check in has always been fast with pleasant help. I have found the concierge to be most helpful. Ask about the hotel's past. The concierge will gladly tell you. They will even give you a packet of information.The rooms, for the most part, are small. The hotel was built almost 100 years ago. This was the style. Yes, the bathrooms are small and lack space. Again, early 1900's! One thing about the rooms that no one should complain about are the beds, sheets and blankets. I believe the beds are Serta Serenity series. They are the most comfortable beds I have ever slept on, including my own! I like a harder surface. My wife likes a much softer one. We both agreed that this is the next bed we will purchase. The sheets and blankets are very comfortable. I get hot. My wife gets cold. Again, we were both comfortable. I agree with other reviews that the carpet could be updated. Other than that, the rooms are quite clean.The hotel's fitness center is the best I have seen. It is not just a room that has been converted into a health area with one treadmill and an eliptical. This is a mini health club. The pool may not be olympic size but one can still swim laps, unlike most new hotel pools.I have read several reviews of the pricey parking. This is true but parking is pricey anywhere in downtown Chicago. If you drive, just plan for it as part of your expenses.One of the best parts about the Palmer House is its location. The Magnificent Mile is just a few blocks away. Major sight seeing venues are easily within walking distance, the Sears Tower, Shedd Aquarium, Field Musium, the Art Institute just to name a few. Catch a play at any of the several theatres near by. One will not want for great food. There are a ton of great restaurants within walking distance or within a short cab ride away. Miller's Pub, established in 1935 has fantastic food. It is one of those places that celebrities throughout the decades have flocked to. The place is jammed with autographed photos from the restaurant's beginning to the present. The Berghoff is less than five minutes away. Take a cab north, five minutes. You have your choice of Ditka's, The Weber Grill, Smith &amp; Wollensky, Wild Fire... The list could go on forever.The bottom line is if you are looking for a flashy new hotel with all of the modern ammenities, this is not the hotel for you. If you want to experience what life was like for the upper crust a nearly a century ago, give this hotel a try. Do go through one of the on line travel sites as the rates are quite high.	
Aug 27 2009 	Great Stay! Awesome location	Stayed 2 nights during Aug. for Lollapalooza (concert in Grant Park). Superb location- right off Michigan Ave, near Grant &amp; Millennium Parks and the Art Institute, any easy walk even in the unbearable heat. Air conditioning in room saved our lives- worked great. Elevators a little slow but it was extremely crowded that weekend. Most comfortable mattresses we have ever experienced. No problems getting exactly the room we booked, staff was extremely pleasant and helpful, room service was speedy &amp; delicious and not overpriced compared to other 4-star hotel menus. Gorgeous lobby, beautiful rooms, bathroom a little small but who cares? There are plenty of mirrors and electrical outlets all over the room to use. Quiet too, at least on the 14th floor, which surprised me since there were so many &quot;young adult&quot; concertgoers there. Loved it! We will be back next time in town.	
Aug 27 2009 	Upgraded Room Makes the Difference	I won the Palmer House for an insanely low price on Priceline but grew worried about what type of room we would get (family of four staying 4 days). I had stayed here 20 years ago and remember having a lovely room with two bathrooms and hoped we could get the same, but I doubted because of our Priceline price. At check in I decided to just go for it and told the check in man (very nice guy) I had stayed here before and upgraded to the executive floor with two baths for $29/night more. He said no problem. This still put my average nightly price at under $100. We stayed on the 23rd floor where the executive level reception area was located and our room was absolutely beautiful and was HUGE. We had breakfast ever morning (includes coffee which is not avaialbe in room), appetizers (they were pretty awesome) every night and access to a computer in the reception area any time we wanted (my kids would go down there when bored and play until an adult needed to use the computer- oftentimes they had to to themselves for an hour). There are separate elevators for Executive level floors that only stop at the 7th, 22 and 23rd floor and we never had to wait for an elevator. The only issue we had with the room was the last night a family checked in next to us and we could hear them plain as day through the walls but since our bathroom area backed into their bathroom area it was only noticeable when we were in the bathroom.We tried the pool (which is free contrary to many reviewers, though the fitness center has a cost) on the 7th floor and were disappointed. Was small and unwelcoming, my kids ditched it after ten minutes.The location is great and my kids really loved Millenium Park playing in the water and we saw an open air concert the first night we were there. It is literally a two minute walk away. We walked up north of the river several times and it really only took us 15-20 minutes to get up to shopping on Mich avenue and the Hancock building. We would walk to Navy Pier and take a cab back ($7). We even walked back from Shedd's Aquarium along the waterfront (20 minutes).  Two restaurants we recommend are just south of the Palmer House- Millers Pub and Exchequer (great deep dish). Skip Pizanos around the corner, long wait and average food. Didn't eat at the hotel. Corner Bakery a good option for a quick bite. Parking was expensive. Use self-park which is just east of the hotel on Monroe for a $15/night savings. I understand there are several other options within walking distance so you can research and if you don't mind rolling your bags a couple of blocks (we saw many people doing this) then you can save even more. I think choosing the upgrade made our vacation more pleasant but if we had been stuck in one of the smaller rooms the whole time without access to the free beverages, food, computer and concierge of the executive level, we may have been less pleased.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great place Great city	My sisters and I traveled to Chicago from Michigan from August 17th to 19th. The Palmer House was a great hotel. We had a great experience overall. We booked the hotel via Hotwire.com and received a great deal. From the moment of arrival to the point of departure, the staff showed a great deal of hospitality and warmth throughout the entire stay. The lobby of the hotel is so beautiful. The hotel is moments from Millanium park and Michigan avenue, a bus ride from the shedd aquarium and the chicago zoo (which has free admission).Suggestions:park at the Millanium park parking garage. It cost us 43 dollars to park for three days. Compare that with the 51 dollar valet at the hoteleat at the corner street cafe on wabash street i believe. A few feet outside of the hotelDO NOT WALK OUT PAST 9 pm raoming the street. How come someone failed to inform us that many locals are roaming the street harrassing tourist?Garrett Popcorn on state street :)	
Aug 25 2009 	Great Deal for the money!	We booked a room here on Priceline, and altho the room and bath was small, it was clean and pleasant. Couldn't beat the negotiated price, and the location was central to everything we wanted to do in downtown Chicago. A beautiful old hotel with a history, and lots of atmosphere. Also, they have a &quot;business center&quot; on the 7th floor where you can print boarding passes for free! One drawback is lack of free internet service in the room. Expensive restaurant IN the hotel, but more reasonable ones just outside or closeby...We were very happy with what we got.	
Aug 24 2009 	Mob-luxury but outdated service too!	This hotel is perfect stopping off point for walking around Chicago and visiting many of the most famous sights. They are all within shouting distance of the main entrance. I booked through Priceline and they accepted just $76 per night - usual rate $199, so no complaints there. The rooms are luxurious looking, but the fixtures and fitting are all very old. There's a Starbucks in the lobby so no coffee/tea facilities in the room. If you can get it through Priceline for something like I paid for it it is perfect, but their standard price would be far too much!	
Aug 22 2009 	Lacks attention to detail.	We stayed two nights after getting a decent rate from Priceline. Good points: The lobby is spectacular; the (replacement) room was nicely appointed; the bed was singularly fantastic. Not-so-good points: No obvious place to stop at the main entrance; outrageous parking charges (self-park $36/day; valet $51/day); lousy hotel access from self-park; overcharging our account (which was corrected); unknowledgeable valet and door people. Our first room had a strong musty smell with a deodorizer/chemical finish, so we called guest services immediately for a room change, which took an inordinately long time. Returning from self-park after 10:00 p.m., the valet entrance was locked and we had to walk around the corner to the main entry in the rain. We avoided the concierge, as there was only one person and never less than three people waiting for his time. We wouldn't stay again, as too many little oversights affected us negatively. Insufficient consideration for the purported quality of hotel.	
Aug 22 2009 	Very Disappointing	The location of the Palmer House Hilton is good for business travelers, but tourists would probably want to stay north of the river where there are more restaurants and shops. If there are no conventions in town, two bills will fetch you a small room on the alley with no view (except looking into other guests rooms).The begger on the street corner welcomes you to the Palmer House. The registration desk is on the second floor up a couple of flights of stairs which is tough with a rolling bag. The 2-5 minute average wait for the elevator is silly. The distance from the elevator to your room can be a workout.My room on the 19th floor had a strong smell. At first I thought it was cheap truckstop perfume, but decided the staff must have spilled a bottle of orange scented cleaner. Unfortunately the cleaner was not used to clean the tiny bathroom (which still had a wet towel from a prior guest). The room had ancient carpet that was bunching up into waves on the floor. The wallpaper was peeling as was the paint on the bathroom door. The HVAC was either all or nothing. The double beds were OK. Being an avid duck hunter, I stay in some dump motels in the countryside, but the Palmer House is the first place where I decided it was best to keep socks on at all times to avoid fungus.The first morning the wakeup call didn't arrive due to hotel computer problems. The second morning the maid staff was pounding on the door before the 7:15 wakeup call arrived.I was told that I was given a quiet room at the end of the alley, but I could hear the elevated train that runs next to the hotel all right long. I wear hearing aids and consider myself a sound sleeper, so I cannot imagine what light sleepers would think.The Corner Bakery and Miller's Pub around the corner provide good alternatives to the high prices and low quality of food in the hotel.The lobby of the hotel is interesting, but I would recommend staying at another hotel and just stopping in for a drink, but at $50 for parking take the subway (2 blocks west on Monroe) or the EL (literally adjacent to the building).	
Aug 21 2009 	Disappointment	We will NEVER stay at this hotel! The staff were rude! They gave us a queen bed and asked us if we wanted to update to king bed if we pay $40 extra. Unbelievable! The bathroom was a joke! Very small! Very inconvenient! Also, there were hairs on the bathroom floor :(. There is no closet, iron, or minibar in the room. This hotel cannot be compared to Hilton Hotel in Chicago, where we stayed previously and were very happy! It does not deserve these stars. Although it is closer to downtown compared to other Hilton, I would rather stay somewhere else!	
Aug 20 2009 	Some Call It Elegant....I Call It OLD!	I have just spent 6 nights at the Palmer House Hilton on business attending a conference and hated every night of it. The rooms are small and cramped and the hotel itself is badly in need of a facelift. If you happen to get stuck at this place, however, don't let them assign you a room on the 18th Floor or above. Since the hotel was probably near capacity, the elevators were constantly full with conventioners and it took more than 20 minutes every single time I had to wait for the elevator. As a result, although I am an HHonors Elite member and they upgraded me to the Executive Level on the 23rd Floor, I actually went to the front desk and asked to be downgraded to a regular room on the 17th Floor or below since they have twice as many elevators servicing these floors as they do the 18th floor and up. Bottom line...this place is a dump (especially for the money they charge) and there are tons of nicer hotels in the vicinity for the same price or less. And, oh, self parking is $36 and valet is $51 and it costs $18 per day to use the gym (unless you're a HHonors Diamond) and $15 per day for internet usage. Talk about a ripoff!	
Aug 20 2009 	A great experience at a great hotel!	I last stayed at the Palmer House for a convention back in 2000, and I must confess that, although my first experience wasn't negative, I was floored by how great my stay was this summer. Upon checking in, I was greeted by a warm and friendly lady at the front desk, and when I got to my room, I was just astounded by how large it was! I had a room with two double beds, and the room was probably twice the size of what I expected. The beds were truly the best that I have ever slept upon, and the decor was quite visually appealing. I stayed three nights, but if I had unlimited means, I probably never would have left.	
Aug 19 2009 	Busy! Chaos!	We chose this hotel because it was close to downtown and I ended up with a good rate of 25% off using the HIlton Visa Promotion (which ends soon). We knew we'd arrive late. I contacted the hotel prior to our departure for the trip to let them know. The front desk clerk was extremely pleasant that day and offered to upgrade my room to the Executive Level for 50% off. I considered but declined because we would not be able to take advantage of the evening lounge activities and with our original 25% discount, breakfast was cheaper to just pay for ourselves. The only room advantages were a &quot;larger room&quot; and extra bathroom. With that said, I thought the rooms would be small but we were pleasantly surprised at how much space there was. The bathroom &amp; beds were smaller than we are used to (standard) but the room itself was nice size, with two closets and a small hallway (my daughter like to play hide and seek in). Although our house has 4 full bathrooms, we all use the same shower, same sink, etc. so the extra hotel bathroom was a non-issue. While talking to the desk clerk, she mentioned there were 800 people checking out and 900 checking in that day. Phew! So, while on the road, I called a second time to let them know we would be arriving late. It seemed like about the time all 900 people were checking in because I was put on hold for quite awhile and had a hasty conversation with the evening clerk. I wasn't sure they got the information right but in the end they did. We did have to drive around the block once because the hotel entrance/valet parking was a bit hidden and confusing amongst all the taxis and traffic checking in. We did not take advantage of the $51 a night valet parking. Instead, we asked the hotel valet clerk about parking and we parked ourselves for $36 a night in the building next door. Check in was pleasant and fast at 10:30 pm. Only a couple people in line. We were a little taken aback at how large the hotel is and how many people 900 actually is. We maneuvered our luggage between guests &amp; crowds to find the elevators. We knew when booking the hotel there was not a frig in the room so we tugged along a Quest cooler with wheels and kept changing the bags of ice. It saved us a bunch of money to have a few treats and drinks on hand for the kids instead of paying $30 everytime someone wanted a snack or the outrageous hotel room-service costs. In looking at the room, they could very easily install a frig (plenty of room). The Starbucks on the hotel ground floor was must close early. My husband and 9-year-old tackled the streets of Chicago at 10pm in search of another Starbucks. It was only a block away (drinks were still cold when they arrived) but they were stopped by a homeless looking person, asking for cash. Oh the price to pay for a fruity drink &amp; coffee! We had the breakfast buffet both mornings. It was very good (although a little pricey) with a variety of choices, even fresh fruit. Someone was constantly filling or replacing the food. We even took a bannana with us! Our youngest ate free and we took advantage of the weekend kid special of $4.99. I would say it is comparable to country club pricing and variety and service. We knew there was an upper class fitness center on site. My husband and I run so we planned to take advantage of the facility. We didn't know the &quot;small fee&quot; would be $18 per person, per day! Pricing should be by the 1/2 hour. Also, we were asked if we wanted access to the pool. I was excited to think there was a pool other than the hotel pool. The fact is, there is not! The fitness pool is the same as the hotel pool, they just have a separate entrance. The pool was ok. It was very crowded and they ran out of towels. The pool is only open until 9 pm so everyone with small children was there at 8. I don't know how the fitness center people managed to swim/exercise through the mass of children. Checkout was a real pain. I had a billing question so I headed down to the lobby. But to get to the lobby was quite the trick. The elevators were jammed and refused to stop on the floors to head DOWN. We had to go UP to go DOWN. I never got my question asked because the people checking in were weaved in and out of the ropes in a very long line. I ended up using the hotel phone to do the easy checkout. We did check our bags to be held for free at the Monroe Street entrance so we could eat breakfast wihtout being surrounded by luggage. The room was clean, the stay was nice. Might be better at a less busy time. But know going in that it is a huge hotel! Saw many staff members cleaning throughout the hotel. Much of the carpet &amp; fixtures looked rather new.	
Aug 19 2009 	I was so impressed!	Location- Fantastic. It was in the middle of everything.Price- not bad. I got a king sized bedroom for $87.00 a night on hotwireAppearence- WOW! The hotel is simply breathtaking.Service- good. Very nice maids.Hygene- good. our room was so clean for all 6 nights!drinks- very good. but a little pricyspa- dont good. not worth your moneypool- it sucks. its small and loudThey are very accomdating and the doormen are nice.	
Aug 17 2009 	Fabulous Location	This was a Southwest airlines package deal. We had never been to Chicago before and were unsure of the overall outcome. We flew into Midway and for $2.25 each we took the train directly from the Airport to the entrance to the hotel. It took approx. 22 mins. (A cab probably would have been 40-50$.) The hotel's Lobby is old world style elegant, within walking distance to many of the cities major attractions. Millenium Park, Art Institute of Chicago, Willis (Sears) Tower. We even walked down to the Field Museum (GREAT!!) and the Aquarium and Planetarium. The Corner Bakery outside the hotel, is delish and a good breakfast value.	
Aug 16 2009 	An elegant trip to the past...	My husband, children and I just returned from a trip to the Palmer House Hilton in Chicago. Upon check in the staff offered us the option to upgrade for $39 a night to an Executive Suite. The room was lovely - 2 bathrooms and very comfortable beds. Our own concierge, complimentary drinks and a very quiet stay made for a wonderful stay!	
Aug 16 2009 	Great For Business Traveler - Know Your Expectations	I have stayed at the Palmer House many times. When travelling by myself, it's the best place in Chicago. As long as you know a few things going in, you'll be fine....(1) I only stay here if I am in Chicago on business. If I am bringing the family, we stay at the Embassy Suites - Chicago Downtown (which is up State Street on the other side of the river). The rooms at the Palmer House aren't big enough for a family of 3-4.(2) Since I am a HHonors Gold member, I get access to the Executive Level for the continental breakfast, evening snacks, and complimentary soft drinks, water, etc. No matter what floor your room is on, I just head up to the Executive Level once a day to stock up on the beverages, and bring them back to my room.(3) The location is great - in the loop at Monroe / Wabash / State. Right outside the hotel you are steps from the CTA train. No need for a car. If you're coming in from Midway, take the Orange Line to Adams / Wabash. If you're coming in from O'Hare, take the Blue Line to Monroe and it's just a block walk (or transfer to the Orange Line at Clark &amp; Lake). The hotel is close to the museum campus.(4) The rooms and beds are great, especially after the remodel over the past couple of years.If you can get a rate anywhere from $89 - $130, it's a great value. Anything over that is a stretch.	
Aug 16 2009 	Outstanding Hotel in wonderful Chicago.	We booked the hotel through an online hotel site and got it for a bargain price. We had to wonder though, &quot;What's the catch?&quot;. Well, there wasn't one. The reception &amp; door staff were incredibly polite &amp; efficient. The lobby was exquisite &amp; in immaculate condition. The same can be said for the rest of the hotel. Our room was delightful &amp; had all the home comforts. Huge TV, great bathroom, big cozy bed. It's only downside was the rather noisy water pipes in the wall right behind the bed that knocked &amp; banged every 10 minutes or so!The hotel's location was pretty good too. It was a brief stroll to Grant Park &amp; Soldier Field, 5 mins from The Art Institute, 20 mins walk from all the shops &amp; just 20 mins walk from the famous Buddy Guys Blues Bar.Overall we had a terrific time here &amp; would recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 14 2009	Good value for good price	I've been there with a group. Nice localisation, close to shops, good service.	
Aug 10 2009 	Never Again -- has reduced my opinion of Hilton in general	I don't leave reviews -- positive or negative -- very often. But I feel in this case, owing especially to the noble history of the Palmer House, that an exception is merited. Our family of four stayed there on the 10th floor just one night (August 7, 2009) and found the hotel is efficient only in service to its bottom line, and not to service.In other hotels (even the lowliest of mo-tels, for chrissakes), there would've been wireless or at least a phone book at my disposal. Neither is available to Palmer House guests, who are forced to trudge to the over-burdened concierge desk -- where the lines are Soviet in length -- for even the most mundane travel-related information. This arrangement is exemplary of Palmer House tactics which seek (apparently) to herd compliant guests into an utterly dependent relationship with hotel services.Yes, there was mildew in the bathroom, too. But I'd be inclined to excuse that (owing to the building's age) if only some enlightened attention were paid to guests. Mind you, every employee I met was courteous to the extreme. And yet, they were emasculated by -- who knows what, really -- but presumably by corporate attention to the bottom line. Everyone was friendly, but ineffectual, therefore.The fact I'm forced to waste my time now in addition to my money previously adds insult to injury. But so be it: I feel it's my responsibility as a considerate human being to warn others. Too bad Palmer House management doesn't take the notion of hospitality as seriously as do I; which is ironic considering the fact my own professional orientation is quite unrelated.	
Aug 10 2009 	desk people cold not to say insulting	We arrived at 11 pm and after a long wait without explanation, there were no room available... And we had prepaid! Two &quot;solutions&quot;: Have an upgrade but we had to pay or wait 1 hour to have a room cleaned. We chose the second one.We don't think they had to clean it but to absorb the water from the defective toilet of the room. Entering the bathroom during the night, we had our feet wet and saw the toilet the black tape that &quot;repared&quot; the toilet.No coffee machine, swimming pool closing at 8 or 9 pm. Long wait for the elevators.Don't park at the parking of the hotel but in the grant park parking! A little walk to spare 10$.Not the 4 stars worth!	
Aug 10 2009 	Great ambience executive floors good value	Picked this hotel because of the bargain price I got considering the location. On arrival I'd been upgraded to the executive floors (free), which was brilliant for me as I ate a huge breakfast and then went back for the 5-7pm snacks, so I didn't pay for any food or drink throughout my stay (apart from a few $6 beers in the lobby, which I didn't think was too expensive considering the setting). Also there was free internet in the executive lounge which was a bonus.Room was OK size, but the 'double' bed was probably the smallest I have ever seen (in any country, let alone America). I was on my own though so it wasn't a problem for me (perhaps that's why I got the room?), and the bed was amazingly comfotable. Bathroom was huge.Disappointed to find an $18/day charge for the fitness centre (I assume when a hotel advertises itself as having a fitness centre, it will be complimentary but perhaps I'm out of touch). The pool (which was free, contrary to some other reviews) was small and dim and although claimed to open at 5.30am, when I went in at 6 it was only ankle-deep so no morning swim for me.Overall, a great location for sightseeing and transport, and great value on the executive floors but as other people have said the extra charges would have started to rack up and annoy me had I been in a standard room.	
Aug 8 2009 	Good Location at a Good Price	We made the Palmer House Hilton our home base while traveling to Chicago in early August. I was able to obtain a very low online rate ($79), and given it's location, it wasn't going to take much to meet my expectations paying that kind of weekend rate in the Loop. I had read many of the posts on this site, so thankfully I went in with eyes wide open and knew some of the things others had complained about. All in all, the rooms were small and there certainly weren't any extras. The small rooms made it difficult with young children. There were two double beds and no other space in the room to spread out. The beds became our game tables, snack tables, chairs, and sleeping areas all-in-one. Thankfully we didn't travel to Chicago to spend a lot of time in our room. The location of the hotel was great. We were within a couple blocks of the Art Institute, Millennium Park, Grant Park, and plenty of dining options. The nearby CVS and Walgreens are also nice to have when you need those essentials. We picked up a local bus route right outside the hotel, and the L station is a mere block away. Traveling with young children, I was certainly disappointed with the pool facilities - very small and not a very bright, welcoming setting. We didn't have many needs for service, but the staff at the front desk were very welcoming and friendly when we checked in - even after dealing with some rude people in front of us. For the price we paid, I was thrilled with the hotel. Paying full price, I might check other nearby options on a future trip.	
Aug 8 2009 	The Smallest Room I've Ever Had	Four colleagues and I all commented that we can never remember having smaller rooms. It was difficult to open the closet door since it hit the bed. I tried to iron something and wound up with half the ironing board hanging over the bed.The place was bustling with convention-goers which made the wait for elevators at least ten minutes at all times of the day. Even with modern soundproofing, the rumble of the elevated train was present and the hallway noise was particularly irritating.The main lobby in beautiful, that cannot be denied, but a hotel needs more than that to be good.	
Aug 7 2009 	Palmer House Perfection	We stayed for several days and nights at the Palmer House in Chicago, Illinois.We were able to walk and visit different shops and sights and had a great time each day.The Palmer House experience began with the bellboy who took our luggage, to Noel, who checked us in, to Eduardo who brought our luggage to our room. Each individual made it a point to welcome us and wish us a great stay. They truly meant every word.The last night we saw JERSEY BOYS which was excellent. returning to the Palmer House the doorman said &quot;welcome back.&quot; It was GREAT to be back and we truly felt like we were home. The Palmer House is a great location for seeing everything that you want to see in Chicago.We ate in the Lockwood restaurant which is located in the Palmer House. The food was excellent and the dining experience was great. The service was tremendous. Between the Manager, Luis, our waiter and Jake, the Captain, we felt that we had a million dollar meal and it was truly a great experience. Another fine restaurant around the corner from The Palmer House was Millers Pub and Restaurant. We had the best ribs we ever had there. Kiki, our waitress was a great server. We bought their barbecue sauce which was excellent. The Palmer House was unlike any hotel that we have visited. It is a beautiful Hotel that takes your breath away when you look up at the ceilings when entering the building. The atmopshere and the location made us have a wonderful and needed vacation.The people that we met in Chicago were wonderful.	
Aug 4 2009 	Good stay at good price	Traveling for a long weekend to Chicago to visit relatives and enjoy the city, we obtained our reservation at the Palmer House for a great rate. The hotel is beautiful and centrally located; however, better access to nightlife can be had by staying north of the river. Our room was small but clean. The service was friendly. We did not have a need to use any of the services that others have complained about as being too expensive--so that was a non-issue for us.	
Aug 4 2009 	Historic Property	The lobby is glorius, the price excellent, but the service.........The desk clerk was surly and several conversations with the hotel &quot;hot line&quot; were less than satisfactory. We received an exexcutive floor upgrade, but the room reeked of cleaning solvent (killing what?). We opened the windows while going to the Executive Lounge for a drink and snacks. The drinks were overpriced for a hotel club and the offering of pasta and over done mini burritos was not very appetizing. We returned to our room to find the odor had not gone away. On the first hot line call, I was informed it was no use to complain because there were no vacant available rooms. The second, an indifferent front desk clerk. The third got the personal appearance of a very helpful Housekeeping Manager. She spoke to someone who could make a decision and moved us to suite. If this action had been taken when I first complained, I would have thanked them and that would have been the end of it. By the way, the desert offering in the Executive Club consisted of cookies. A joke and a disgrace. As a Gold member, I expected a newspaper, but that was not to bee on the weekend. The hot line operator stated there had been no guest deliveries for months...she was mistaken. No in-room coffee maker. I was told at the front desk that many guests did not make coffee. The hotel had to through away &quot;past sell by date&quot; product and was wasting money.The whole Palmer House operation smacks of cheap, penny pinching management. After one night, I pulled up stakes and move to the nearby Hyatt Regency. What a pleasant change!	
Aug 4 2009 	Thank Goodness I listened to my husband . . .	My husband had to attend a conference and the Palmer House was the hotel of choice. I read up on some reviews and frankly was somewhat put off by some of the reviews. But given that the hotel costs were covered, I reluctantly went along. Oh boy, what a pleasant surprise!We were at the Palmer House for 5 nights, and our room had a view of the street. And yes, you could hear the faint clickity-clack of the L, but it added to the urban charm. And no, I am not being sarcastic. Old Chicago elegance is epitomized in the lobby. We didn't have time for drinks, but next time, you bet I'll be there. Efficient and professional front desk staff. We needed extra towels and toiletries, and housekeeping efficiently took care of us. The small safe in the closet was much appreciated!Since my son and I were sightseeing while my husband worked, we would get up late and lunch at The Corner Bakery next door. A nearby CVS was a great convenience. Starbucks in the lobby.The Art Institute is down the street as is Millenium Park. I NEVER take the bus in LA, but Chicago's bus system (and the L) is fabulous! We took the L from Midway Airport to the hotel (the stop is less than 1/4 block from the entrance!). $2.25 / adult. . . LOVE IT! We're a green kind of family so what more could you ask?Only negative thing I could say, the $15 / day charge for internet access. Ah, well, can't have it all.My first time in Chicago . . . I'm coming back AND staying at the Palmer House.	
Aug 3 2009 	Nice on the surface but just underneath lies problems	When I first checked into the Palmer House last week, my impression was very favorable. It is a beautiful hotel, well located and the room I was in was large (although the bathroom tiny). However, that was before I learned about Hilton's nickel and diming at every turn. Just a few examples. Rooms did not have coffee makers, and it cost you minimum $10 plus room service fees to get one. Late checkout was $50 and use of the exercise facilities was $18/day. I was at a conference and they wanted $120/gallon for coffee service, which is nothing short of comical. That being said, it is a decent enough place but the Hilton chain really needs to decide if this is a mid-level hotel or an upper-level one. Only then will it have a consistent product.	
Jul 28 2009 	Very nice hotel - a couple of complaints	Just got home from 6 nights at the Palmer House. It is a beautiful hotel and in a great location. We stayed in a 2 BR 2 BA unit - very nice size and accommodated the four of us very well. Regular rooms looked pretty small in comparison. Only things I had problems with were the plumbing noise when showers were being used next door and no coffeemaker in the room. Hope they do something to solve those.	
Jul 27 2009 	Perfect city hotel	Great old hotel in the center of shopping, good resturants,not far from the lake. Very good service,I hope when I do priceline again I get this hotel. This hotel has charm.	
Jul 25 2009 	Not the typical Hilton Hotel	Old style , very large hotel. Centrally located, ideal for business but otherwise I would suggest to select a more modern hotel in the same area.	
Jul 24 2009 	Wonderful hotel for my journey to the Pitchfork Festival	I stayed at the Palmer House Hilton to attend the Pitchfork Music Festival (I stayed July 16-19, 2009). I booked through Priceline.com (very cheap!) and was pleased with the hotel.Comments:- I thought the location of the Palmer House in the Loop was perfect. The hotel takes up an entire block, and there are three entrances, each of which is right next to a subway or EL stop (the blue, red, and all the loop trains). It was so easy to get around. The hotel is one block from Millennium Park (where the Bean is) and also about one block from The Art Institute of Chicago. - The hotel is huge. It was packed with guests the entire trip. - The room was clean, stylish, and comfortable. The queen-sze bed was firm, with nice bedding. The bathroom was immaculate, and had a wonderful bath tub. The only strange thing was that the TV was on the dresser in the corner of the room, but I only watched for about 30 minutes the entire trip.- There is no free Internet wireless, which was kind of disappointing. You could pay for one hour in the lobby (about $7) or $15 per 24 hours in your room. But, there is a 24-hour business center where you can print our your boarding pass for free.- There is a Starbucks on the ground level. (No coffee machines in the rooms.)	
Jul 24 2009 	Great location so nice hotel!	Great location near the Michigan Avenue, Art Institute of Chicago and Grant Park. Confortable and very clean rooms. Staff so helpfull. High speed internet and fitness center expensive.	
Jul 22 2009 	Beautiful old hotel great location beware of extras...	We traveled to the Palmer House Hilton and stayed to attend a friend's wedding in the city. The lobby was beautiful and our room was nice. We were on the 20th floor which was newly renovated. Contemporary style. Our friend's room on another floor was larger, and another friend's room on a different floor was very small. Our bathroom was tiny. But the king bed was excellent and I loved that the alarm clock had a connector for my MP3 player. One of our friend's got charged for checking in early even though it was 1:00. We checked in at 2:00 and did not have this charge. Parking was $51 so we opted to fly instead. I think there was a charge for the fitness center which i did not use, but find all these extra fees to be annoying.The lobby is comfortable with a nearby bar, great for hanging out and relaxing. We had a wodnerful breakfast buffet in the restaurant the mornign we left. It was $22 per person but worth it. Everything you could want and then some, very elegant. A big downside was no free internet access. The location was great, 2 blocks to millenium park. The staff was very friendly. I would stay here again.	
Jul 21 2009 	Amenities at the Palmer House	I stayed at the Palmer House in August of 2005 for a Labor convention. I was impressed by the locations and excellent service so I decided to return for the 4th of July weekend this year (2009). I checked in Friday, early (noon) after paying an additional fee ($25). I was there with my son and family total 3 in the room. We were all on the reservation.Upon arrival in the room found only two bath towels, one soap and one shampoo. It took multiple calls to housekeeping to get additional towels, soap and shampoo. They gave us a total of three each. Problem was that that was it! Stayed 3 nights and got no additional soap or shampoo, nor towels. This is not an economy hotel. Complained to front desk and was told that all hotels are cutting back in the area. Stayed at the Sheridan just weeks earlier and got excellent service. Very disappointed. Will not return. Additionally, peeling wall paper and paint.	
Jul 21 2009 	Such a deal!	Chicago has become as expensive as NYC so I decided to book a hotel on Priceline and, by choosing my location and stars, I was able to get the Palmer House for $100 a night (Expedia offered it for $170). The lobby is stunning, the staff friendly, and, by paying only an additional $30 per night, we were upgraded to the Executive Floor where b'fast was free as were snacks &amp; non-alcoholic drinks (24/7), the room was HUGE (2 bathrooms), and there was an elevator directly to the 23rd floor. It was our best trip to Chicago!	
Jul 21 2009 	Very disappointing and there's no internet or cell phone service	My husband and I were in Chicago for the weekend and found this pretty cheap on Hotwire. Unfortunately, the $90 room didn't include the $50 parking and the $20 internet. The lobby is gorgeous, very old and ornate, but the rooms were in desperate need of a cleaning and redecorating. We were given the disabled room (I guess because we checked in late and maybe that was all that was left??) so there was no real shower, just a handheld sprayer. Even worse, the metal bars in the shower were all rusted. The wallpaper was peeling off in several places, the corners of the room were dirty, and there was mildew all over the tub. We called down to the front desk to complain, thinking they would move us to a cleaner room, but they just offered to have someone come up and clean it. The bed was saggy in the middle (so much so that we were rolling into each other all night.The most frustrating part, though, was the lack of internet or phone. Neither of our cell phones got any reception in the room, and to use the internet was $20/day. That would have been annoying, except the fact that it was as slow as dial-up. We tried twice and spent about 20 minutes with tech support before giving up. To the hotel's credit, they did refund our money. Overall... the hotel is gorgeous in the common areas but lacking in the rooms. It's a great deal if you don't need parking, internet, or phone, but all those extras add up and there are lots of better hotels in Chicago in that price range.	
Jul 20 2009 	NIce old hotel overpriced services	We had a nice stay recently at the Palmer House in Chicago. It is decent location (by Park and other downtown attractions), but you are a hike from the Rush/Division area. There didnt seem to be a whole lot going on around the hotel after midnight.Our room was clean, but old and we would never pay the rack rate to stay here again.	
Jul 20 2009 	Awesome Chicago Stay	Just stayed in the Palmer House after getting an unbelievably low rate through Priceline. I was apprehensive because of a few negative reviews. Apparently, these reviewers did not give consideration to the historic nature of the hotel. Yes, the pipes did make a little noise, the room was small, and the views are not great. However, there was no loose wallpaper, the room was extremely clean, the carpeting was nice, the beds were comforable and the lobby was beautiful. The greatest asset is the hotel's proximity to Grant/Millenium Park and many other tourist attractions on one side, and State Street shopping and public transit on the other side. Additionally, there are restaurants and convenience stores on every corner. I would highly recommend the hotel for a couple looking at spending a lot of time walking around the city. On the down side, if you want a contemporary, generic hotel, you would be better served elsewhere. You'll pay extra for the exercise facility and pool (we did not use), the internet (we did not use), and some other amenities. The room was too small for more than two people. We were lucky enough to have quite neighbors, but we could hear a lot of noise when we walked down the hallway. Ignore these faults and enjoy your stay.By the way, the hotel's in/out parking valet is $50 per day. We left our car at the Millenium Park Garage for $40 for 3 days. Also, both the Gray Line and Chicago Trolley stop outside. We used the Chicago Trolley and loved both guides.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great lobby small room	We traveled with our 10mo old daughter to Chicago and stayed at the Palmer House. The lobby is amazing and the check-in was quick and pleasant. Our room, on the other hand, was extremely small, allowing barely enough room for our daughter's pack-n-play. We booked our room at Priceline, so we got a very good rate, which was the saving grace. I would not stay there again - I think I could pay a little more and stay in a true 4 star hotel.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great location for what we paid.	My husband and I spent a 3 day weekend, with 2 nights at the Palmer House. We used Priceline and for a cost under 80.00 a night, we coudln't have found anything close to this hotel at that price. The hotel lobby truly is gorgeous in its character of Old Chicago. We requested a King bed which we got at check in. 17th floor. Very friendly front desk staff and concierge service. We DID get a small room. But it was fine for the short while we spent in it. No view as it just looked across the way into the next wing of rooms. Bathroom....when people say small I guess I didn't believe HOW small. The area in front of the sink is exactly 2X3. We counted the tiles:) In order to close the door you have to literally slide between the toilet and tub in the 12 inch space between the two. So...if you need space or are a bit &quot;fluffy&quot;, this wouldn't be the bathroom for you...think airplane size. We DID have plenty of hot water and good pressure in the shower/tub. No space to store toilitries, but there is a large clothes closet (as big as the bathroom) with shelves and plenty of space for everything. Two out of the 3 drawers open in the tv stand for more storage. A desk and two nightstands. That's it furniture wise. CLEAN room! The bar in the lobby is fun to people watch. Wine..$9.00. Beer..7.00. Not bad for a hotel. Try their kobe sliders....yum! Went down to starbucks for morning coffee each day. The Corner Bakery is right next door for good lunch sandwiches/salads, sweet rolls , breakfast sandwiches etc too. Location is the highlight as everything is in walking distance. Parks, river, shopping, restaurants. Took the city bus straight to Shedd from stop right outside hotel. Would we stay again? Yes. For a longer stay, might want to try the tower rooms where the rooms are larger. But then we'd have to weigh the cost difference.	
Jul 19 2009 	beautiful but disappointing	The lobby was amazing! It looked like a very fancy place. The room was very small, and I paid extra for a queen or king-si zed bed...if that was a queen, it was ridiculously small! Upon check-in I requested a couple of extra towels. He assured me they wouldn't be a problem, but we never got them. The bathroom was fairly big. Clean. The bed was comfortable except my bf's feet hanging off the end. The location put us within walking distance of Millennium Park and Buckingham fountain, but not much else. Overall, the room was nice and clean, but for what I paid for I was disappointed. Next time I'd try another place.	
Jul 18 2009 	July 8 - 11th Great stay loved it!	We stayed for 3 nights. I was really nervous about the type of room we would get since we booked through Priceline and sounds like some people have ended up with closet-sized rooms after booking through Priceline. We called a few days ahead of time and requested a non-smoking room with 2 beds. Of course they couldn't promise, but noted it on the reservation. My husband was in town ahead of me and checked in at 11:30 am and they wanted to charge him $25.00 for early checkin. He went to the Hilton Honors desk and she agreed to waive it this one time (since he had booked through Priceline apparently he didn't qualify for regular Hilton Honors benefits). He was given a huge corner room on the 13th floor, nonsmoking, with 2 double beds, a sofa, and desk. It was a little close to the El so too noisy, so he requested to be moved further away from the El. He was given another large room on the 14th floor. The room was non-smoking, had 2 double beds, a chair and ottoman, desk, dresser and 2 closets. Yes the bathroom was small, but not unbearably. small. We could still hear the El, but not as bad as the first room. Other than the El, the room was very quiet. They have several banks of elevators for different floors so we never had to wait long for an elevator. No coffee maker in the room but the Starbucks was right at the bottom of the elevator so quite convenient. We did have to pay for wireless which I think was around $20/night - pretty expensive. But considering we only paid $80 for the room, we still had a great rate overall. Everyone was really nice, hotel is gorgeous. The room was renovated and very attractive. The beds were super comfortable. Hotel is in great location, no car needed. Easy access to El, plenty of cabs, and lots of sights within walking distance. I would be happy to stay here again.	
Jul 18 2009 	Great Surprise	Attended a conference at the Palmer House and it truly surpassed my expectations. I had no idea it would be so large, so nice and with so many amenities. I also didn't realize that it is just around the corner from Milenium Park and the Art Institute. We were met at the door by the friendliest staff. Even with a long line at check-in, the entire process was about 10 minutes. We enjoyed the room with the up-to-date TV, decent size bathroom and comfortable bed. Had a fantastic breakfast buffet as well as a delicious take-out lunch at the main restaurant. Paid $200/night through the conference which seemed quite fair considering downtown Chicago. We have stayed at the Sofital which is much more upscale, but we also paid over $300/night there.	
Jul 17 2009 	Exactly what I hoped for...	I was in town to attend a conference and would not stay at the hotel where it was being said (a horrible experience at that chain in the past) so I decided to spend a little more and go upscale. It was so worth it. I love old hotels to start so I'm aware that sometimes rooms are smaller but this was perfect. Every staff member was attentive and service-oriented. I would highly recommend it.	
Jul 17 2009 	Expensive but historic	If you want to see a grande dame of a hotel, this is it. The rooms are redecorated and small as expected in an older hotel, however the grandeur of the lobby and space is not to be missed. You'll pay dearly for the privilege, however, but the location is phenomenal.	
Jul 16 2009 	Some good things some puzzlingly bad	I stayed at this hotel for two nights on business. This is a historic hotel, which means many things. The lobby is very ornate, almost gauche, but unique and interesting. The concierge desk was very helpful and knowledgeable. I stayed in a queen room, with a view of a brick wall and a crummy roof. Since I wasn't there for the view, I didn't mind so much. And as I mentioned, its a historic hotel. Therefore the bathroom was very small, but adequate, and the room was tiny. Two things about this hotel really bothered me. The toiletries in the bathroom. Now some might say &quot;who cares?&quot; But Hilton's always have the full range of toiletries. The Palmer House had only shampoo and conditioner and soap. No lotion, or other things that are common in most hotels. Also, one can usually request additional items at the desk. Not here. In fact, the front desk clerks were a bit rude about it. Since I travel light, those toiletry items were things I did not pack. The second weirdness, was no free internet. I have a hard time believing that in the days of wi-fi, the Hilton would still be charging so much for internet access to its customers. I'd probably stay elsewhere in Chicago in the future.	
Jul 15 2009 	Felt like I was on my honeymoon all over again!	Let's see, the check-in process was great! We were upgraded from a double to a King size room on the fifteenth floor, free of charge. How about for an anniversary present! The hotel is beautiful and very romantic. As others have stated, the bathrooms are less than roomy. The location is perfect, because it is centrally located by everything. My stay was during the July 4th weekend, therefore the hotel was busy. In all honesty, the staff were great and extremely friendly. We plan on returning next year for the Taste of Chicago again! Just a friendly hint, the rooms are small unless you request a queen or king size bed.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great for vacation not so good for business travel.	Beautiful, opulent building with friendly staff and conveniently located to everything you would want to visit in Chicago. That said, when I travel for business, I need to get ready quickly, usually early in the morning, with a cup of coffee and a hot shower. No coffee-maker in the room, but an expensive Starbuck's in the lobby. Tiny bathroom with low water pressure in the shower. Colleagues said they had no problem with water in the Executive Level rooms, but I cant' afford those rates. Internet access is available in the room for a hefty fee. WiFi is available in the public areas, again for a hefty fee. So I would stay there again, if I were just on vacation, but not for business.	
Jul 13 2009 	Enjoyed the Stay	We stayed at the Palmer during the 4th of July weekend. The hotel was as advertised, nice lobby but very TINY room (and TINY bathroom, expected in older hotels in downtown). We were traveling with a toddler so needed some room for her to move around. We paid for an upgrade to the executive floors (floors 22 and 23), well worth it! The executive floors have private/express elevators (room key activation), so we never had to wait for an elevator. Executive floors also offers free breakfast (various juices, milks, bagels, pastries, yogurts, fruits, coffees and cereals), snacks all day, great hors d'œuvres in the evening with soft drinks (alcohol available for purchase) and free internet with printing. The room and bathroom were very comfortable. The service throughout our stay was very good. As stated in previous reviews the location of the hotel is also favorable. I would recommend a stay in the executive floors (for the right price) and not the regular rooms for parties of more than 2.	
Jul 11 2009 	Beautiful Hotel with Great Location	My wife and three-year old daughter just stayed at the Palmer House Hilton for seven nights. We had a very nice sized room on the 20th floor. We bring an air mattress for my daughter and there was a decent amount of room for it. The hotel is about two blocks from Grant Park, the Art Institute of Chicago, and Millenium Park which is really nice. The Red Line of the El is also right outside the State Street exit. We did not have a car in Chicago so being in a central location was a key for us. I would recommend not bringing a car since the parking for the hotel is about a block away and it did not look convenient to park anywhere in the city.We were very happy here and would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great Stay during 4th of July/Taste of Chicago	Stayed @ this hotel Fri-Sun of July 4th wknd with fam. Had &quot;issues&quot; the 1st night-booked 2 rooms but they claimed they only had rsvp for 1(and of course, they were sold out) so the girls stayed the 1st night &amp; the fella's went to my uncle's 1 BR apt downtown (God-send for last minute,not so for sleeping comfort) So much action in the &quot;swanky&quot; lobby area -seemed as if there were cocktail parties going on the entire time.Went to the Taste on Sat-we were there for about 3 hrs and ever hr the rain got worse-so we left...then it stopped raining! Visited all of our &quot;USUAL STOPS&quot; (Giordano's Pizza, Al's Italian Beef, Carson's Ribs, Garrett Popcorn, Fannie Mae Chocolate, Water Tower Place (CHICAGO 1ST TIMER'S- U MUST VISIT THESE LOCATIONS) *Front Desk Mgr* Chanielle was THE BEST EVER, she really took care of us in the end-wish she'd been working Fri Night!!!	
Jul 8 2009 	Great with a few drawbacks	Stayed for one night. Booked a trip through hotwire.com and they were actually nice to us! Had a room with one queen bed on a quite side of the building (the El goes right next to the hotel). Lobby was gorgeous! Self park is $36. Bathroom was TINY, really tiny! Had only 2 pillows when most hotel usually have 4 and only 2 bath towels (had to ask the maid in the hall for more). The walls are a little thin as late at night and early in the morning we could hear the noise from the room next to us, sounded like a group. Would stay again, but definitely not at full price.	
Jul 6 2009 	It's just not puppy love.	Beside the fact that dogs are allowed and the yapping kept me up all night, I can only say that everything else at the Palmer House is great. The room and the attitude of the employees was super. Management responded to my calls regarding the dog barking, but apparently the guests were out most of the evening. Solution: Don't visit Chicago on a holiday weekend. And find a hotel that doesn't allow dogs.	
Jul 5 2009 	Upgrade to the Executive Level	I stay at the Palmer House very often. I have gotten it for as little as $59 on Priceline. The last time I was there they offered me an uprgrade to the Executive Level for $29. It was great! I recommend asking if they have that available. You get an express elevator that only stops at the two executive floors. On your floor there is complimentary beakfrast, complimentary hors deuvres, complimentary soft drinks 24hrs, and a bartender with a full bar. It's a beautiful hotel, but because it is so large it seems to be one of the more frequent hotels I get on Hotwire and Priceline. The only problem I have with the hotel is that it can sometimes take up to an hour to get your car from the valet if they are very busy. As long as you plan ahead with the that, this hotel is great.	
Jul 3 2009 	Big corner room w/great views.	If you stay just a short walk around the corner is a great pizza place called Excheckers.	
Jun 28 2009 	never again!!!!	We arrived at 11pm to be told thatwe had a double room reserved when in fact we had reserved a twin room .We were then informed that they were fully booked and they could not guarentee us a twin room the next day untill 5pm.We were told it was the fault of our travel agent but as all the other hotels we had used on our holiday had been twins i have my doubts.The manager said we could have put up beds in one of the suites for the night and aftera 12 hour flight i was not in the mood to argue.it can only be described as a very plush meeting room.we finally got our very small twin room the following day.Have contacted our travel agent but no responce as yet.On the upside Loved Chicago but woud not stay at the Palmer House again.	
Jun 28 2009 	So Beautiful and Outstanding Location	This place is very lovely and comfortable. Staff is kind, location outstanding. We stayed for 3 nights and we could walk to many places from here. The room service is wonderful and yummy!	
Jun 27 2009 	Old World with the Upgrades	I remember staying at the Palmer House about 10 years ago and thinking it was pretty run down. Not anymore. Very nicely decorated and conveniently located in Downtown. It's a pleasure to walk around the town in the summertime.  The rooms are quaint and clean and quiet (I had the last room on the corridor). I liked that the windows actually opened. Suprisingly, the bank of elevators accomodated our large group and I was never late. The food in the hotel was very good with many selections and the room service was more than prompt. The front desk staff was efficient and friendly.My only complaint was the bed was hard and I couldn't sleep more than a few hours. Other than that, The Palmer House was better than I expected.	
Jun 26 2009 	Nickle and Dimed	My son and I paid only $79 through Hotwire; so, it was a pretty good value. I thought the place was interesting; given they took great pains to retain the historical character of the building. The room was small but clean. They really kill you with the extras here, though. No coffee maker--no Wi-Fi- (well, for a price.) Parking is outrageous. Location is great, but I wouln't pay more than 100 bucks to stay here.	
Jun 26 2009 	For these parking charges you should sleep in your car	When I called the hotel I was told that parking is included in the price of the room. Not so when I arrived with my car. I could have taken public transportation and saved my self $51 per day parking charge.The only hotel in the USA that has no coffee maker in the room so that if you want coffee when you wake up you have to buy it at the Starbucks franchise in the hotel! What an obvious rip off!!	
Jun 26 2009 	Magnificent Ambiance Great Room	Ideally located just off Michigan Ave., I could walk to where I needed to go. The hotel is grand in every way, with great decor and ambiance. My room was well-appointed, clean, and the beds comfortable. Excellent soundproofing done with the renovations. I work in hotel management for a living, so I looked for everything I look for when I when I'm on the job. Kudos to two staff members, the Iranian gentleman at the front desk who was very knowledgeable about the area and gave me great directions, even at 1 in the morning, and the valet supervisor during the 1st shift on 06/22. Good service. Overall, I would recommend this hotel to others, and I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 25 2009 	Great considering the price	We stayed here 4 nights. My husband and I got a King as requested. We paid 25.00 for early check in, but only on one of our 2 rooms. My son was in a room next to us. We had noise problems one night when the guest on the other side of us had the TV on most of the evening and again from 6 am until 8am. I can see where noise could be a big problem here, but we paid 80.00 a night and the location was terrific, the rooms clean, beds comfortable. We were able to spend 5 days exploring Chicago w/o a car or taxi the entire visit.	
Jun 25 2009 	Got a great room -- even with Hotwire!	I had booked my hotel stay with Hotwire, and I was a little nervous after reading the reviews of others who had used Hotwire or Priceline. However, we were given a lovely, recently renovated room. The room (including the bathroom) was done in a very nice Art Deco style. It was a bit small; the room had one queen bed (a king would have never fit in there). Whoever designed the room made great use of the available space. The only time the room size was an issue was getting ready in the morning. There wasn't enough space for my husband and I to be in the bathroom at the same time.	
Jun 24 2009 	Small room but great style.	I moved from the Doubletree (same brand) to the Hilton during a 2 week stay and the only thing I can say is that the Palmerhouse Hilton brand rooms were half the size of the Doubletree. However, for my trip the Hilton was better located to where I was working which was great. The rooms had good style to them but I must say one thing that really bugged me was that there was no WIFI so I had to plug into the desk. At night I like to be able to sit in bed and do things on my laptop and the cord would not reach to the bed, so I could only use the computer at the desk. OK, but you just get used to having WIFI at most business hotels. And the cost was a bit much in my mind for internet. I usually expect it for free, but up to $20.00 a day is a bit of a ripoff in my mind. The bathrooms were very stylish and the overall hotel is well-styled, especially the lobby. The concierge were very helpful with bags and restaurant advice. All in all good hotel and would stay again but would hope that management take these recommendations to heart, as I'm sure they are common complaints.	
Jun 24 2009 	This rooms are not very good the lobby is nice	The lobby of this hotel is historical and beautiful. It's not really a high-class hotel though. The rooms are far from high class. The carpet is dingy and old-looking. The room did not have a coffee maker. I don't think I have ever stayed in a hotel that had a coffee maker. This hotel does have a Starbucks as many hotels do of this type. The rooms are also small. There is little room between the beds and the tv and the bathrooms are small. You wouldn't be able to close the bathroom door if you were sitting on the toilet. You would have to get up so your knees would not hit the door. There was no room to put anything in the bathroom. The bathroom door had peeling paint. The lobby had a lot of people and the ceiling was beautiful. I booked this through hotwire at $79/night ($189.30 with taxes and fees for 2 nights). I asked for a room with two double beds and they said no such rooms were available. They asked if I wanted a rollaway bed for $35/night, and I declined. As with most hotels in Chicago, parking is very expensive, so if you drive in, call some places around and you can get overnight parking at less than half the price of the hotel. The Millenium Park garage is nearby and is much cheaper. The room had virtually no view other than being able to see part of the Jersey Boys sign from a theater.	
Jun 24 2009 	Disappointed with this Hilton	Both my spouse and I are Hilton Golds, and have stayed at many Hiltons, but we were disappointed with our experience here. We stayed in May for a friend's wedding, but the service was abysmal, and they took the phrase &quot;nickel and dimed&quot; to the extreme. We wanted to check in before 1 pm - a $25 charge. We asked for a room upgrade - another $25 charge, EVEN IF you are a Hilton Platinum or Gold VIP. No coffee maker in the room. Would you like one? $12. Forgot your toothbrush? $5. When I pointed out that every Hilton we have stayed at in the past 2 years has offered these things with no charge, they informed me that &quot;our policy changed.&quot; The ambience: It is an old hotel, and while the historic aspect is nice, what this means is that the rooms are quite small, and there is a potentially a LONG, maze like walk from the elevators to your room. The executive lounge, which you CAN access with your room key if you are a Hilton VIP (even if you are not on the concierge level) was okay. Free coffee, tea, soft drinks. Continental breakfast (pastries, cereal, yogurt, fruit) is served in the morning. They do have happy hour finger foods from 6 pm. Not the most elaborate spread, but not the worst either. As I mentioned, the service was the worst part of the hotel. I was told when they had checked out that the hotel has 1600+ rooms. Yes, that is 1600+ rooms. No wonder NO ONE EVER ANSWERS the phone. Each time I called to the front desk, I was on the line for literally 2 minutes, with no answer. Once, when someone finally answered, I had been transferred to the Hilton by O'hare Airport!!!!?! WTF??!?! Not only that, but when we checked out, they had charged us $7 for making an outside phone call. The only problem was, we both had cell phones and never used the phone to make an outside phone call! It appears that they actually had the nerve to charge me for the call to the front desk that was somehow misdirected to the O'hare Hilton! And, you shouldn't be surprised that I had to argue with the front desk staff to have the charge removed!By the way, my friend had booked a large suite, complete with dining room table, etc. and got no service either, so it obviously makes no difference whether you pay a lot of money - they still seem as if they couldn't care less!We love Hilton, and remain loyal Gold VIPS, but the Palmer House is definitely one to avoid.	
Jun 24 2009	Palmer House was a beautiful and friendly hotel--great location for the fun of Chicago	I was on a getaway with my 12yr old daughter...Palmer House was a wonderful spot. We were walking distance to the theater and we enjoyed roller blading on Lakeshore...great restuarants around and close to the train,,,would stay again in a heartbeat	
Jun 24 2009 	The most wretched and stressful stay in a hotel I have ever experienced.	We checked in at 8pm, waited in line for a half hour - obviously due to the shorted staff. By 9pm we were in our room (handicapped, but smoking). The wall paper was peeling off the walls and the showerhead was coated with lime. We ordered a pizza from the room, costing $1.50 to use the hotel phone, waited an hour and it never came. By 10 pm, we were exhausted from traveling and starving so we ordered room service and paid $50, twice, for our meal -- 2 cheeseburgers at $12 a piece including a rediculously high gratuity -- AFTER we had spoken with a hotel associate, making it very clear to him that we were going to pay for our room service with cash at check out and not to charge our credit card; he assured me our meal would not be charged to our credit card. Our burgers were ordered a medium well -- they arrived cold and cooked rare, my fiance woke in the morning, spending an hour in the bathroom with a stomach ache. Four days later, our checking account is overdrawn because the hotel withdrew $50 for our disgusting cheeseburgers -- after I had specifically discussed with the hotel associate not to charge our account. At 2am the smoking alarms went off in our room, ripping my fiance and I from our sleep; two and a half hours later, we were awoken again to the sounds of loud screaming and banging on walls and banging through the floor beneath us -- this went on until 6am. When we called the front desk, nobody answered the first two times and then I was placed on hold for 10 minutes. We were not impressed by our stay and were so happy to leave; we finally got a good night's rest at the Marriott in Burr Ridge, Ill. I will never return to the Palmer House again -- I have traveled all over this country and many times to Europe and the Palmer House was the most wretched and stressful stay in a hotel I have ever experienced.	
Jun 22 2009 	High class exceeded my expectations	Met all of our needs and aimed to cater to us. We paid around $200 for 2 adjoining rooms and valet parking. The hotel was gorgeous and absolutely great service at every corner. I would recommend taking a walk around the area to see all of the great attractions and restaurants. We walked to Millenium Park with 2 small children and they played in the water, and Jersey Boys was playing a block away from the hotel. Room service even brought us up placesettings for us to eat carry out in our room at no charge. The rooms were luxurious and spacious. There was even a Starbucks in the hotel. I would love to stay there again, everyone was so nice and helpful! The best hotel we've stayed in.	
Jun 22 2009 	good value for location some minor drawbacks ask for what you want	we were at the palmer house this weekend. we called ahead and asked for a quiet king room. check-in was easy and we did indeed get a quiet king room. we paid $80 through hotwire a night, which is a difficult price to find for a hotel downtown. yes, the room was small-ish and yes, you could easily hear people's conversation as they walked down the hall - although we couldn't hear people in the rooms next to us. the bed was comfortable. you really can't beat the location, it is steps away from the El and the red line, not to mention millenium park and the art institute. it is not a newly constructed hotel and that is part of its charm - it is a historic hotel.	
Jun 19 2009 	not worth the money	On the bright side, there is a Starbucks in the hotel, but that's really the only nice thing I can say about my stay there. I had a room with a king bed reserved. When I checked into the hotel, not only did they not have a king bed available, they put me in a room that was smaller than most walk-in closets. The room was located right next to the house keeping room, so I had the pleasure of listening to the housekeeping staff talking about their love life every morning. Even though my room was down graded, they still charged me for the delux king room that I had reserved. I travel for business quite a bit, but I've never been charged as much for internet access as I was here... over $50 US for three days access. Won't stay there again.	
Jun 17 2009 	Room from the 90s.	Booked on a bidding site for a reasonable rate - 107/night plus tax, called in advance to request a King or Queen bed and was told that they could not guarantee it, but when we arrived (6:30 PM on a Friday) we were told the only room available was a double. Called reception (after trying to get through for 20 minutes they finally answered) and was told this was the only option. To be fair we stayed for 3 nights and they did leave a message on the 3rd morning that seemed to imply they would be able to offer another room but at that stage we didn't bother. The room was tiny, could barely squeeze by the bottom of the bed which was jammed up against the TV cabinet. I can't recall many hotels where 1 double bed is on offer - usually 2 single or 1 Queen/King. Room had not been re-done, and was 90's hotel style, dark greens and maroons and old wallpaper, though I see in other pictures there seem to be some rooms that have been done up. Bathroom adequate. Lobby large but crowded. Waiters friendly but drinks wildly overpriced. Seems as though the hotel is two hotels, perhaps a section of nicer rooms for those who are paying full price and a second section of rooms for cut prices. This creates a bit of an odd mix with the crowd as well. Location convenient, a bit of a business area but easy walk to Michigan Ave and other sights.	
Jun 15 2009 	Nickle and Diming to the extreme	Let me start by saying that I did not have a choice but to stay here and that as a Hilton Silver member I had some expectation of a reasonably good reception. My 3 day business meeting was in the hotel and it would have been a hassle to stay elsewhere. Retrospectively I wish I had. Silver membership be damned.First warning should have been enough. Upon checking in at 12:15 pm, I was told that yes, rooms were available but that the hotel policy was to charge $25 for check in before 1 pm. That was a new one for me and I do travel around the county about 2 months of the year. I politely declined even though I felt like by responding with a few choice words. While I was patiently waiting for the 45mns to elapse in the lobby, I had to fend off 3 different bell boys who kindly offered to put my carry on in storage for a fee of course. Checking in at 1.01pm I was informed that a king size bedroom was not available. Hmm, I guess all the other guests either paid way more than I did or had a least a gold or platinum club level. Room was passably clean, spacious enough, view on a brick wall. No coffee maker ! Even the seediest motel provide those nowadays. Gym was only accessible through the spa at a hefty fee. Pool was closed although it was already warm enough but I suspect access would have been for a fee. Self park was $35 a day, $51 valet. Good job I did not bring a car! Of course, wireless internet or LAN for a fee. If you request directions to the business center you will be directed to the one on the street level which is very pricey. No one will tell you about the self serve business center on the 7th floor which although far from free will allow you to save around 75% on what you want to do. Phone charges were outrageous. Thank god for cell phones but usually you are allowed to call local numbers or 1800 numbers for free at least for a short period of time. Not here! $1.50 connection fee then 10c a minute after 60 mns Also, strangely enough the hotel Starbucks was about 15% more expensive than the one down the streetLocation is NOT great by the way, hotel is pretty far from everything except for the Bank of America theater. It is not even on North Michigan Avenue. If you can, save yourself the aggravation and stay somewhere else eg: at the Embassy Suites a few blocks down the road and enjoy a much better location and many more free amenities and perks. Vote with your feet and those hotels will stop treating us like cash cows.	
Jun 15 2009 	Couldn't have been better!	Spent three nights at the hotel for a girls weekend. The staff was wonderful, room was beautiful and location great. You can take the train directly from Midway and walk one block to the hotel. Very close to museums and restaurants. I have stayed here before and it always proves to be a great choice for a trip to Chicago.	
Jun 14 2009 	A very pleasant stay	I spent 4 nights at the Palmer House Hilton as part of a conference. After reading some of the reviews I was uncertain what to expect of my stay. I was pleasantly surprised! My room was on the 16th floor on the side near the train. It was not a factor as I did not hear it after going to sleep nor were any of my neighbors noisy! The rooms are cozy with excellent beds! The concierge was most helpful as were the front desk staff when I had issues with the business center. The restaurant is very good and the staff were pleasant and friendly. The location is perfect for the Art Institute of Chicago and Symphony Hall and is only 3 blocks from Macy's/Marshall Field. The train for O'Hare is a couple of blocks away. Overall, if I were to be in Chicago I would stay here.	
Jun 14 2009 	Beautiful old quirky hotel in wonderful location	I attended a conference at the hotel and stayed there for 4 nights. Check-in and out were easy, the lobby is spectacular and the meeting facilities offer a lot of flexibility. Service was good (except it took 30 minutes after arrival before the bellman brought me the correct bags). The location offers easy access to Grant Park, the Art Institute, as well as other downtown locations. The Starbucks in the lower lobby almost made up for the lack of a coffee maker in the room. No wi-fi in rooms, but very high speed internet available for a price, with their USB connection. Nice walk-in closet. The bathroom was uncomfortable -- no counter space!	
Jun 4 2009 	What an Improvement	We last stayed at the Palmer House Hilton in September 2001. Then we experienced offhand treatment from most of the staff we encountered, had a tiny room not much bigger than a closet and a view of absolutely nothing. We did not feel welcome. Also, the area seemed to be going down hill and, last straw, Marshall Fields, the landmark Chicago department store, was about to be taken over by Macy's.This time? Wow, what a difference. It was a busy weekend being Memorial Day on the Monday but we checked in rapidly (thanks to Hhonors Priority line) got an upgraded room on the &quot;Executive Floor&quot; (not many executives in evidence, though) and had a view, sort-of. The room made up for it. It was splendid.Throughout our stay, every single member of staff we encountered were friendly and helpful. And the area is on the up too. And Macy's has preserved some of the original elements of Marshall Fields including the wonderful top floor restaurant. Millennium Park and the The Arts Institute are nearby and, if you must, &quot;Miracle Mile&quot; is a short walk or 'El' ride away.We really enjoyed our time here. Well done Palmer House Hilton.	
Jun 3 2009 	A lovely hotel in the best location	We really loved Palmer House Hilton. It has a long, interesting history and could not be in a better location. Stay in the Loop!	
Jun 3 2009 	Nice period hotel	Very well furnished with a nice old world charm, while offering all the features and amenities you would expect from a modern hotel.Rooms are reasonably priced, but the pricing for all extras, including room service and laundry are outrageously high.Well located, just a short walk from the southern end of the Golden Mile.Overall a good bet if all you are looking for is a pleasant place to sleep and expect to be out of the hotel all day.	
Jun 1 2009 	Beautiful Hotel but NOISY ROOMS!	This is my first night here and already I can tell that I'm going to get no sleep during my 3 night stay. I can hear everything around me, from the neighbors next door to, someone taking a shower above me, to the wind tunnel sounds either created by the train or elevator (I can't tell), to people walking down the hallway talking at a normal voice on their cellphones. I agree, the lobby is breathtaking and the rooms are nicely decorated. I plan on going to Potter's to try their Chicago-style lobster dog tomorrow and maybe one of their famous martinis-but you could do this without staying at the hotel. The location is great--you are within walking distance to all the great Chicago sightseeing spots...but don't stay here if you're expecting sleep...or bring earplugs. I wouldn't come here to stay on my own dime unless I got a great rate (like $100 that others had seemed lucky enough to find).	
Jun 1 2009 	Would definitely stay here again especially at the price.	Like a number of people, we reserved the Palmer House via Priceline. I cannot believe a place this nice can be had in a town the size of Chicago for that price.The room was clean and comfortable and reasonably large, which is a basic need of all hotels, and it fulfilled them wonderfully. The location close to the park is excellent, and the red line subway to Wrigley is right out your door. It could be a little closer to the Magnificent Mile area, but that would be nit-picking. Great for a quick weekend in Chicago.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great space great location great experience	Stayed for 3 nights over the weekend with my husband, 8 yr. old son and mother-in-law. I have stayed here previously for business trips and was not concerned about the rooms being small or noisy since it was generally just one night. We booked thru Priceline for $80 plus tax/night - great rate. When we checked in, I specifically asked for a quieter room, away from the elevators, etc. and possibly for a room that was a bit larger than the usual room with 2 doubles. We were accomodated with a room that had 2 bathrooms and 2 double beds. Appears to have been 2 separate rooms at one point and was perfect for our little group, plenty of space Love that there is a Starbucks on the lower level, a Corner Bakery steps from the front door, Millenium Park and Michigan Avenue a block away, the El steps from the door - very convenient. We didn't mind the pool. Sure, it's smaller, but its a hotel, what are people expecting? Olympic-sized proportions? Our son had a great time in it. After our son was in bed and Grandma setted in, my husband and I enjoyed a nightcap in the gorgeous lobby area, relaxing and people watching. Great space, great location, great experience.	
Jun 1 2009 	Major disappointment	I found the staff to be surly, aloof and very unhelpful. I discovered my room rate when I checked in was higher than the printout the hotel sent me ahead of time. When I contacted Guest &quot;Services&quot; to discuss it, I was greeted with, &quot;So whatta you want?&quot; My room was huge, with not one but two tiny bathrooms. I paid their early checkout fee and moved to the Hotel Burnham down the street and had a superbly wonderful time, aided by friendly helpful staff at every turn. (The room cost less, too.)	
Jun 1 2009 	Lovely facility but let the buyer beware!	Having read numerous other reviews of the Palmer House Hilton, I was inclined to agree with those who said &quot;How much can you complain about a $79 room?&quot; But that was before I saw our actual room. The hotel and lobby were bustling and absolutely lovely, mind you. Not in my taste, preferring modern architecture, but it was really stunning.I called the hotel 10 days before arrival requesting a king bed. They said they would &quot;do their best&quot; but couldn't guarantee it. Upon arrival, we learned that not only did we not get a king, or queen, but we got ONE double bed. Not TWO double beds, as every other lesser facility in the country might've had, but ONE. The reason being only ONE double bed could fit in our room - how I wish I was kidding. Our room was the size of a postage stamp.Don't get me wrong - having asked for a rennovated room, our room was incredibly stylish. But when two adults are squeezed into a double bed... it's like being in college again. Neither of us could actually open our suitcases in the room (except on the bed) because the floor space simply wouldn't allow it. Mine had to go in the closet &amp; his stood up on end (the only way it would fit). We don't typically use the dresser in a hotel when only staying overnight - why unpack only to repack? We had, quite literally, only one foot of walking room between the bed and the chest of drawers (left side), one foot to the wall/closet (center), and one foot to the desk/window area (right side). Having to strategically open/close certain doors to stand behind them to move around means a room is TOO SMALL, renovated or not. I can only really recommend this hotel if you either a) don't care about these things or b) are willing to pay full price to get what you want. I've used several discount websites to book facilities before and NEVER wound up in a room so tiny. It was really laugable.	
May 31 2009 	Very delightful stay	My family and I, spouse and 2 month old son, stayed here just this past weekend. 05/29-50/31. The doormen where very attentive and ready for anything. The room was nice, a little small but I loved the décor, it was very contemporary. A lot of amenities. I had a crib order to the room. The bed and pillows made me feel like I should have been in a Sealy Posturepedic commercial. The tub was very deep. And overall the hotel was very extravagant. We also had some food delivered from TGIF Fridays but it was through a company called CEO Deliveries and they even stopped and picked up a 2 liter of pop from a store for a fee of course but wasn’t too bad. I enjoyed the stay and would like to visit again!	
May 31 2009 	Spacious but Busy	My wife and 2 sons spent a week's vacation in Chicago. We booked a room thru one of the internet discount websites and got a wonderful and affordable room at this conveniently located hotel. It is a large and busy hotel (think conventions) but because it was built at a time when hotels paid attention to detail, the Palmer House retains a sense of elegance (particularly in the public spaces) that is lacking in many modern hotels. It is a busy hotel, and that was fine for a family with teens, but may not be so for couples who are seeking a relaxing environment. And even though it has an indoor pool (nice in February) the chlorine odor in the air kept us from using it much. All in all. A nice and conveniently located hotel for families.	
May 31 2009 	Like an impressionist painting; nice from afar but not so great up close	We had the opportunity to stay five nights at the Palmer House over Memorial Day and it was a very uneven experience. I had a special rate for an event and it seemed like they made sure I knew that because I got that special rate, I was not going to get the same experience that a guest paying full price would pay. This was particularly concerning to me because I’m a Hilton Honors member and I always go out of my way to stay at Hilton properties so it seemed a little short sighted (in my opinion) for them to jeopardize that long term relationship by making sure I knew I was in the hotel equivalent of steerage. Staff: Overall, the staff was nice and helpful. People were friendly, but the check in was odd. They had a sign for a Hilton Honors check in, but when I asked they said they didn’t have it and to just wait on line. Then the guy seemed to take forever to find a room. He didn’t offer the normal perks I would get with my membership so I had to ask for those, which is just out of character compared with any other property I’ve stayed at.Facilities: It’s an old hotel but with a very elegant lobby. It’s very beautiful, so your expectation when you walk in is that this is a wonderful place. And if you are lucky enough to get a renovated room, it is. However, the room I had was on the 18th floor and it was definitely the smallest room I’ve ever had in the US. There have been a couple of rooms in Europe that were smaller, but this was tiny. And other people who were staying in the hotel with the same rate had nice rooms, some with two bathrooms, so that was disappointing.Additionally, for an old hotel, you’d think the walls would be thicker. I could hear my neighbor’s television through the wall and in the bathroom, you could clearly hear conversations from the next room through the vent near the ceiling. Additionally, when the next room turned on the shower, it made a high pitched hissing/squeaking sound that made conversation impossible. It was really, really loud.That said, the room was clean and comfortable and the bathroom was a good size. The elevators were a little slow, but everything was nice and not worn down or dirty.We had access to the executive floor that had a continental breakfast in the morning. The room with the food and coffee is poorly laid out so even with only a few people there it gets congested quickly. The PC they have for guest use on the exec floor is also incredibly slow. It took 15 minutes just to print out a boarding pass because each page took a long time to load. This led to other guests thinking you were hogging the computer when in reality you were just doing one thing. Highlights: The lobby was beautiful and a nice place for a drink. The staff, especially the cleaning personnel and the doormen, were nice. The location is great. You’re close to the old Marshall Field’s (now Macy’s), close to transit, Michigan Avenue and Millennium Park are just a block away.Areas for improvement: The elevators were sometimes very slow and several times I saw people taking elevators up to the top floor to go back down because they could not get an elevator going down.The way the hotel nickels and dimes you makes you feel like you’re at a cheap motel where you have to pay for everything that isn’t nailed down. The health club is an extra $18/day ($10 if you’re an Honors Gold member) and internet access in the room is priced from $15-20/day. Valet parking was $51/day, which is high but probably not too different from other downtown hotels. Overall impression: This hotel left me with mixed impressions. The lobby leads you to believe you’re going to be staying in a luxurious historic hotel, but if you get a non-renovated room, you might think you’re in a gulag instead. And then when the hotel tacks on fees for the gym and internet, you might as well pay a full rate somewhere else and get the services included rather than have them added on a la carte. That just seems cheap to me, especially the way this hotel is positioned. If it was a Motel 6, yeah, I understand they’ll charge for extras but it’s unseemly in a nicer hotel.I would not stay here again. Next time I’m in Chicago, will probably stay at the Hilton. I am a loyal Hilton guy, but I do not think the Palmer House adds any value to the brand. In fact, it diminishes it in my opinion and makes me reconsidering always staying at Hilton properties. I shared my feelings with the customer service manager (this was right after I realized that a large group of teenagers was moving into the hotel the night before I was going to leave and about 40 of them were staying on my floor) and he did offer to move me to a better room and comp a night. That was nice and I appreciated it, but if they had a nicer room to offer, then they should have done that to begin with rather than stick me with a smaller room and hope I wouldn’t complain. Reactive customer service is never as good as proactive customer service.Nearby transportation: Very close to all major subway lines on Wabash Avenue or State Street. Stops are right outside the hotel. Plenty of cabs available.	
May 30 2009 	Nicely appointed hotel.... Difficult to rest	I was impressed upon arrival. The hotel is very grand and the rooms are appointed very nicely. However, I had a very difficult time getting any real sleep here for two reasons...1. My bed was within inches of my room's door, which is turn was right next to two other room doors. One of my neighbors came and went all night long, with the doors slamming just a foot or so from my head waking me each and every time.2. My room was located above a train station and the trains ran all night long.One final complaint... the room service menu was very limited although the food was delivered quickly.I'll be looking elsewhere for my next stay.	
May 24 2009 	Great room hotel and location	Just back from 4 nights with friends, and we all can't say enough good things about PHH's rooms, location and proximity to great things in Chicago.Three of us total in 2 rooms with 2 double-beds -- one had a bigger bathroom, the other a bigger bedroom -- both were very generously sized. Great bed and bedding, nice, quirky furnishings, irritating clock-radio with time that is an hour off but can't be adjusted, and no coffee maker but a Starbucks on street level and a cheap and cheerful breakfast place on the corner. In the afternoon/evening, the lobby is a gorgeous place for a drink and people-watching. If you are from a small, quiet town and are staying at the PHH or any other hotel in the area called the Loop (which puts you near everything and should be your goal), you'll hear the elevated train, honking cabs and street action late into the night. It adds to the character of the city -- just bring earplugs and you'll sleep fine after a busy day.PHH is a block or two from the Art Institute and Millenium Park's sculptures, a few more blocks from the river and its Chicago Architecture Foundation boat tour (highly recommended), with an easy walk to Miracle Mile shopping, Buddy Guy's Legends (a convenient spot for Chicago blues with low cover charge and $5 pints), etc. The hotel is located in the middle of some of America's best early skyscrapers -- search for and download the Loop audio tours on Landmarks (including PHH) and Millennium Park to really appreciate your location and surroundings. I booked through an opaque bidding site but was pleased enough that I would consider full price!	
May 24 2009 	Great location and good historic hotel	Not sure why everyone seems to bash this hotel in reviews. Great location and nice rooms. Internet is extra, parking is high, but this is a big city. If you want a brand new room, stay at a brand new hotel. The rooms have been remodled and have some historic touches. I think the expectation is set to high with some reviewing this. The price and location are great. Right off the orange line El from midway with only one stop change at Roosevelt. Close to the park, trains, cab rides....this is where I will return rather than the north loop that is more crowded it seems.	
May 22 2009 	Good value but . . . .	Stayed here recently for 2 nights. The location is good (steps from Michigan Ave.), the common areas are historic and beautiful, and the staff is pleasant and courteous. As expected in a hotel of this vintage, my room was small (though nicely furnished), and the bathroom tiny. My window looked out at a tenement about 30 feet away. My major complaint was the paper-thin walls: the guests in the room next to mine had an extended conversation around 2 AM one night, and although I don't think they were speaking particularly loudly, it sounded as though they were in my room. I'd stay here again for the terrific rate I paid through Hotwire, but certainly wouldn't pay rack.	
May 21 2009 	Old World Charm	The Palmer House is in a great central location...within easy walking distance to theater and parks. (Millinneum Park, just 2 blocks) Beautiful hotel, friendly staff, quiet rooms	
May 19 2009 	The worst hotel experience of my life	My wife and I stayed in room 10203. The room was tiny, the view was horrible but even worse, the room was incredibly noisy. There was obviously some kind of plumbing problem and we got woken up at 5:45 a.m. 2 days in a row when the person in an adjacent room took a shower. It resulted in an extremely loud shrieking noise. I have experienced anything quite like that. To make matters worse, there is a steep charge for the fitness center.I will never stay at this hotel again, at any price.	
May 19 2009 	Nice historic hotel with a great location	Everything went smoothly for my long weekend stay at The Palmer House. Although we waited in line for 10 minutes to check in (big conference in town), checking in was a breeze and the front desk staff was friendly. Stayed in a big room on the 19th floor near the end of the hallway. Street traffic noise was still fairly loud, even on the 19th floor. The location is great. 2 blocks from Millennium Park, a block from the train station, lots of eating/shopping options.	
May 19 2009 	Location adds value of this pricey place.	This is a great hotel but a bit pricey for what you get out of the hotel itself. Rooms were only so-so, beds very comfortable, there was not coffee in the room which meant we had to leave the room for coffee at Starbucks or McDonalds.It is located, however, in the middle of downtown within walking distance of most downtown events, landmarks and restaurants. Many fast food and drugstores within blocks. Hotel located one block from Michigan Avenue and Millinium Park which is next to Grant Park. I actually walked to the House of Blues up on Dearborn via Michigan Avenue to meet colleagues. The El train also stops a couple blocks away and will take you anywhere. You can also catch the City Tour bus from this hotel. If you do stay at this hotel take a stroll down the street to the beautiful Millinium park and down to see the Buckingham fountain and Lake Michigan. Journey north, cross the Chicago river, and circle back on foot. Fun time with plenty to see! Valet parking at this hotel is $51 per night. You can also park down the street at the municipal garage for $36 per night. The valet and luggage folks weren't real friendly but did their job just the same.	
May 18 2009 	Mind the check out and the air con	Staying at this hotel was a step in the right direction compared with my previous visit at a youth hostel! I was initially given a double room when I have paid a king sized room but they did not have any as it was just after Christmas so told me that I would have to move into the king sized room the next day.The double room was comfortable and cosy compared with the king sized room, which was massive. It occupied a corner of the building so I received light from two sides of my room. The air conditioner was freezing! I tried to adjust it, but it became either too warm or too cold so 1st January was spend nursing a cold!I ate in the restaurant next to the lobby on 1st, as I didn't think there was anything open locally. There was a good choice of food, ranging from fresh fruit, cooked breakfast, breads, cereals but was pretty pricy compared with going to the diner next door.At the check-out, I only had to pay for the water and as it was a small amount I wanted to pay cash and checked with the receptionist if I would be charged on my credit card, but she said no. So I paid cash and when I received my credit card statement at the end of the month, I found that I've already been charged for the water! So make sure that doesn't happen to you!All in all, it was a lovely place to stay, as I usually stay in youth hostels or with friends, so it was a major treat to be staying in a place of this calibre. But if I was visiting Chicago again, I think I'll stay somewhere uptown, as its closer to the shops and other sights.	
May 17 2009 	We were sceptacle after reading all the bad reviews but were pleasantly surprised!	My wife and I booked through Howire a few days before our 4 day trip to Chicago. We had never been there before and did not know where to stay so we thought we'd try Hotwire. We ended up getting a great deal on a 4 star hotel for $79/ night.As soon as we found out that we booked the Palmer House we started reading reviews and were expecting the worst! I called the hotel right away to request a king size bed and crossed my fingers. We ended up arriving a couple of hours early so we called ahead to ask if we could check in early. They said there was a $25 early check in fee. We got our king size bed for no extra charge and we were not charged the $25 early check in fee which was also a pleasant surprise.The location of the Palmer House is fantastic. Millenium park and the waterfront are pretty much at your doorstep and if you don't mind walking everywhere like we did you can have a great time at Navy Pier, the museums, planetarium, shedd aquarium, the magnificent mile, sears tower, hancock tower and much much more.Chicago is the most beautiful city we have ever visited and the Palmer House was no exception. Our room had a king size bed, a desk, chair and a beautiful bathroom. We loved it. We would do it again in a heartbeat. The staff were excellent and the hotel is beautiful. Don't nit-pick and enjoy your stay!The only thing we would say negative about the hotel is the price of food. One word.... pricey! But that's what you pay at a world class hotel in a world class city! Parking was pricey too but it is what it is. Parking is a scare commodity in the downtown so you pay for it but for the hotwire price we got we couldn't care less!	
May 17 2009 	Back to the windy City in March ???	Palmer house is a huge hotelThe place is like a rabbit warren Rooms are large and have more cushions on the bed than any hotel in the worldThe room price agreed on the net was $250 per night I met a colleague at the same meeting who was charged $187 for the same room I discussed with front desk and they agreed to match the rates	
May 16 2009 	Great experience if you have good price - service excellent but extras pricey	I stayed with a friend for about five nights, having secured a great deal a few nights before our stay on hotwire.com for $75/night. I read the reviews online and was prepared for the pricey extras - the extra charge for internet use, gym use, charge for early check-in, etc that people complain about - and thus avoided them. The service was great - we called on two occassions to get our shower drain fixed because it was flooding and our security box fixed because it wouldn't open and on both occassions, the matter was dealt with promptly. The only complaint I would have is that the bathroom is small and difficult to use, but that's about it. I tried the restaurant downstairs on my last night and although it was expensive, I was able to find a reasonable dish to dine on my own. Neighbors can get noisy if people are intentionally making noise (babies, adults) upstairs or downstairs but thats probably an issue one runs into at any hotel... and would suggest you ask for a quiet room if concerned. I think this hotel is for business professionals as well as young couples on a romantic getaway.	
May 8 2009 	nickle and dime you to death	I'm in for business, so I &quot;upgrade&quot; to the executive level. Internet is extra, and even the fitness center was extra! The water fountain they call a swimming pool was free, but overcrowded. The &quot;executive&quot; elevator didn't even access the fitness center level. The spa massage was the most overpriced ($325.00) disappointment ever. Don't even talk about what it was extra to use parking. The minibar in the room was locked and unable to open. I was there for 5 days, and in the SMALLEST room available in any hotel in the U.S. No place to unpack my belongings. The toliet paper holder broke. It took an hour and 2 phone calls to get the DVD player to work. Sorry I had to inconvience the engineer to come to my room and fix it! The furniture in the room was missing some molding around the TV. Would have had a lovely view of the city had the windows been washed sometime this century. The &quot;complimentary&quot; breakfast was cold coffee and hot milk for cereal. The conceriage could use polite lessons from the housekeeping staff. All the housekeeping staff were WONDERFUL. My friends staying at the hampton inn across the street paid ALOT less, and had better service.	
May 4 2009 	If the rooms were as nice as the lobby it would make a huge difference!	I was looking forward to stay at this landmark hotel, and certainly the lobby is magnificent, so when i checked in I expected the grandeur to continue into the rooms :-(My room was very very average, no tea or coffee facilities, and old tv, no mini bar, no amenities, only soap no shower gel, no coton buds, just normal things you'll normally find in a hotel of that standard. Next time i'm in chicago i won't come back to palmer house, the Marriott on Magnificent mile was much better value for money, and better appointed.	
May 1 2009 	Nice lobby food and people. Rooms were a big turnoff.	I went to the Palmer House with my sales team for a convention in Chicago. Upon arriving in the lobby the hotel seemed impressive and grand. The Lockwood (in the lobby) was great the night I arrived and full of people wanting to “see and be seen.” Check in was a little slow and there is a special line for Hilton Honors members. I am a member but since there was no one in the main line I thought I would just go there, this was a mistake. As people would walk up to the other line they would take them first, I ended up getting up to the front after four people walked up to the other line. While I was there I heard other people very annoyed at this also.The rooms are clean and nice enough but old and a little creepy. The hotel is huge and the halls are serpentine. Everyone I was there with went the wrong way at least once trying to find their rooms. Also- each us had an issue of having thin walls, or a vent that you could hear clearly what was going on in other rooms. The bed was very comfortable though and the maid service was great.I never made it into Potters bar, as they were closed every time I tried to go in for a drink. On Friday night at 11:00 they were already closed! We did have a meeting at the hotel which was nice, and all the food I had while there was very good- this included two meals at Lockwood.The big pro was the people; almost everyone I spoke with at the hotel was very helpful, from catering staff, the Lockwood Staff and the street level bellmen and security. The other wow factor is the lobby which is historic and worth seeing. The last pro was the executive level. This was well worth it if you are there on business, the breakfast was nice and the afternoon appetizers were fantastic. The con is that it is a very old hotel and the rooms don’t do enough to conceal this. If I go back I might stop in for a drink in the lobby, but I would much rather stay in a hotel with nice rooms.	
Apr 28 2009 	Loved the Updates	It has been a couple of years since I stayed here, and got it for a night last weekend on Hotwire. I paid only $100 and stayed a Saturday night. I was very impressed with the redecorating done to the hotel. The lobby has always been great, but the rooms were a little shabby in the past. Not any more, as the hotel has been redecorated in the last few years. The location is still amazing, and with the Berghoff open again, there is a great restaurant within walking distance.	
Apr 27 2009 	Great Hotel - if you get a good price	We stayed at the Palmer House for 3 nights in late April. Got a great price through Hotwire ($74 plus tax) so I think that sort of sums up the review. If you can get a good deal, then the hotel is fantastic for the price. I can see the poor reviews if you paid $200+ for a night, but at our price we can't complain about anything.We had called the hotel in advance and asked for extra pillows and a king sized bed and both were happily accomodated. At the desk we asked for a quiet floor and end up on the 21st floor and a corner room. While I'm sure based on other reviews that some rooms are tiny, ours was huge (because it was a corner?), with 2 nice chairs. Old school TV, but who cares. The bathroom was not small either although I'm sure in the smaller rooms it could be small. No water problems or anything. Even the elevator was quick (but the hotel was quiet for the 1st 2 nights of our stay). We also checked in at 2pm (before the 3pm check-in time), and we given a room right away without asking and without an extra charge. Our hotel room seemed updated, so it might have been recently renovated. You might want to ask for a renovated room. Even on the 21st floor you could hear the trains outside, but it was muted enough it never was an issue.Similar to other complaints, it is really inexcusable for a 4* hotel to not have a coffee-maker in the room. Come on!!! But still, that's pretty minor. There are lots of cheap breakfast places in the same block as the hotel anyway so it was never a big deal.The hotel's location was great. Right on the Orange Line from Midway airport where we flew too, right by the Bank of America Theatre (we saw the Jersey Bosys), right at Millenium Park and the art institute, and right on the Red line subway to get to the north end of downtown for shopping if you are tired of the nice walk.The lobby is beautiful, but we didn't hang out in there due to the cost for drinks. We had reservations for other restaurants in town for dinner so didn't eat at the Palmer at all. Also didn't check out the pool (forgot our bathing suits) at all.Overall, while I'm sure there are better hotels, at the price we paid for the quality we got it was fantastic. If I was paying much more I might have thought about other hotels but if you can get a 4* for under a $100 in Chicago, you can't complain about the small things.	
Apr 24 2009 	Great location beautiful old building interior.	We were just traveling through Chicago and only needed a place for the night. Got a great price from Priceline ($80). Close to Millennium Park and the rest of downtown. The room was moderate sized with 2 beds. The beds were very comfortable. Quiet for an older hotel. The lobby has a nice bar but the main attraction is the very high ceiling with wonderful painting and sculptures. A great place to stumble back into at night. We like the Flemish House (a B&amp;B) to stay at, but they require more than 1 night. This is very nice for the price. Front desk was a little understaffed, but we got checked in after about 20 minutes. There are a number of steps you need to walk up in order to check in. Not that easy with heavy suitcases.	
Apr 23 2009 	Good Bargain in Loop	This is our second time in a year stayiing at this hotel. The first time was in June 2008 and it was under renovation. We had a nice room though (newly updated decor0 and we got the Priceline or Hotwire rate. Don't pay more than you have to for this hotel. The second time was April 2009 and we got an older room on a higher floor. The bathroom was small and the decor was dated. Nice hotel staff.	
Apr 22 2009 	Maid service went MIA tiny room left uncleaned for 2 days	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Palmer House for two nights for a friend's wedding. The room was booked as part of a block of at least 10-15 rooms especially for the wedding party. While were able to check in properly, we learned that several people had problems with check-in or even getting a room! Our room (11th floor) was extremely small (about 9x10 with a 6x3 bathroom) to begin with. (There is no mini bar / fridge in the room by the way.) The room was clean when we arrived, but the next day, we waited all day for the maid service to come through and she finally showed up around 4PM. I asked if she could come back at 5PM and she said it was fine. But after we returned from an evening out, the room remained completely untouched. This also happened to another friend's room on the 21st floor and we wondered if it was a shared &quot;perk&quot; of being covered under the wedding reservation block. Needless to say, it was very irritating. We stayed at the Hyatt Regency the night before and I would absolutely recommend going there instead.	
Apr 17 2009 	Great hotel fab spot super service	We were a bit nervous about staying here having read so many negative reviews. We could not be more happy that we did stay here. The hotel, which is in an amazing location, right off millenium park, close to metro stops, shopping and restaurants, is a top class joint. The lobby is spectacular and what you don't get from the photos is a sense of how relaxing this place is. The buzz of the lobby, with the flow of people and the background music (slightly soft jazz/chill out) give this place a fantastic atmosphere. Just sitting in the lobby bar, watching it all go by is a treat. It's almost like the place to be seen. The service was excellent at every turn; check-in, bar and restaurant, and cleaning staff. Everyone was extremely polite and friendly. A smile goes a long way. The concierge was outstanding. Aside from giving us great restaurant and logistics advice, they booked almost all of our restaurants in the evenings. Extremely thorough service.The bathrooms are a little small; big deal! How long does anyone need to spend in the bathroom when in a hotel anyway? The pool in the leisure centre was tiny, which is my only real criticism, and we probably would have made better use of that area had it been bigger. It seemed crowded as a result any time we walked by.In short, the hotel is fantastic. Do not hesitate to stay here. I had called in advance to arrange flowers for my wife who was celebrating her birthday during our stay. Everything went like clock-work. I would definitely not be afraid to stay here again and hope to in the near future. Go, enjoy, and don't believe everything negative you read on TA.	
Apr 16 2009 	Nice hotel that gouges guests	This is a nice buidling, with a great lobby. The rooms are fine, but reflect they were built in a different era (which has both good and bad effects). However, the reason for the poor rating is the fact that the hotel gouges its guests (and, sorry, but there is no other way to put it). I travel often for both business and leisure and have gotten used to the piling on of fees (resort fees, internet fees, gym fees, etc...). But this place takes it to a new level. I arrived at noon. Normal check-in time is 3 pm. As I typically do, I asked if I there was an available room I could check into. They said there was, but that because it was prior to 1 pm there would be a $25 &quot;early check-in&quot; fee. I've never heard of such a fee and it doesn't make sense. If a room in the category I paid for is available whenever I check in, they ought to let me have it without requiring a fee. I used the gym (decent, but not equal to a full gym) and was surprised to be hit with an $18 fee. That is the highest I've had to pay. Not only is there no free internet, but the fee they charge is the highest I've ever seen. I do not recommend this hotel. Hilton ought to know better than to gouge guests like this.	
Apr 15 2009 	Tiny rooms and extra charges for EVERYTHING!	I spent two nights at the Palmer House on business, and was VERY disappointed. This is one of the most famous hotels in Chicago, but it was not a great stay. The lobby is gorgeous, and the restaurants are nice, but here were my concerns:1. No coffee in the rooms - if you want a coffee pot in your room, it's $10/day.2. Use of the fitness center is $18/day.3. NO countertop space in the bathroom - very inconvenient.4. Bathroom is TINY - you could use the potty, soak your feet, and wash your hands all at the same time.5. Not clean - my towels had stains, and there were personal &quot;hairs&quot; in my bathtub - BEFORE I had used it. Yuck.6. Tiny, dim window - the rooms are very dark.7. Very thin walls. The woman next door was just talking on her phone, and I could hear every word....8. Noisy heating/air conditioning - banging and clanking, etc every time it came on and off.9. High speed internet - $20/day!My company only paid $179/night as a conference rate, but if it were my own money, I would have been VERY irritated.	
Apr 14 2009 	A classic hotel beautifully refurbished with the nicest staff in a great location.	The Palmer House was recently renovated and the public rooms gleam. They reflect the luxury of turn-of-the-century Chicago (and are historic enough to be the subject of a local architecture tour). At least half of the guest rooms have been completely renovated; I stayed in one of these. The bed was very comfortable. The room itself was large, well-lit, and well-appointed. Two of the old very small rooms had been combined into one spacious double. I'm sure other guests have had different experiences, even recently, as the rooms vary quite a bit in size, layout, and location, and some have not been completely renovated. I found that if you ask for what you want, and talk with the reservation/front desk people, they are accomodating, and if the first room doesn't fit your needs, they'll try to find one that does. Do be aware, though, that most rooms either look into inner courtyards or out onto busy streets. This is not the hotel for great views, from most rooms. All of the staff was very friendly and helpful; I've never been warmly greeted and smiled at by so many. I love the location; around the corner from Symphony Hall and the Art Institute, near the theaters, Millenium Park, and Marshall Fields (now sadly a Macy's) and the rest of State Street shopping. Many options for food, both elegant and quick, including takeout, are available within a few blocks. I stayed at a convention rate so don't know how good the rates are in general.	
Apr 14 2009 	A Get Away	This hotel is beautiful and has everything you could need. However, don't ask for a wake up call and expect to get it.	
Apr 11 2009 	A beautiful hotel with a stunning lobby and great location	We booked this hotel on Priceline and I was apprehensive after I read the reviews on Trip Adviser which were not terribly positive. However, we were very impressed with the hotel from the moment we stepped into the lobby - which is stunning. Often the public areas are let down by the bedrooms but not in this case. Our rooms were very tastefully decorated - miles away from the dreadful corporate theme. Check in was ultra efficient and quick. The hotel has had some recent refurbishment which has been done sympathtically to retain the grandeur of days before. The location could not have been better for our sightseeing needs and I highly reccommend a nightcap sitting in one of the upper salons. All in all a great hotel which enhanced our trip to our favourite US city.	
Apr 6 2009 	Good location nice hotel	This hotel was in a very good location, just a few blocks from Buckingham fountain and Michigan Avenue. We were able to walk to many of the sites we visited, which was nice. A public bus stop is also a block away, and the buses are convenient for visiting the museum campus (or it's about a half hour walk). The lobby of the Palmer House is beautiful. We were originally given a room near the elevators, which was a bit noisy, so we switched to a different room after one night. We thought the hotel rooms were a bit small for a 4 star hotel, but are nice overall. The only issue in the new room was that the toilet squealed for a minute after it was flushed, but there was no elevator noise and almost no street noise. We booked on Hotwire, so were very satisfied with the value for the price.	
Apr 5 2009 	This is the place to stay when you visit Chicago!	I took my sweetheart to Chicago for his birthday to live it up and catch a couple plays. The Palmer House was absolutely perfect in every way -- classy, vintage, centrally located to the playhouses, steakhouses, clubs, museums and shopping.This is the way Chicago is meant to be experienced.You gotta have a cocktail at their bar in the lobby - they make terrific drinks - and pour generous glasses of wine (we had cosmos - they were a '10') And you can take in the timeless architecture and stunning ceiling of this fabulous hotel.It was his birthday so I booked a room on the concierge level for just an addt'l $30/night. You got breakfast, drinks/cookies all day and appetizers (alcoholic beverages are not included) - but it was nice. Frankly, the cookies and brownies were pretty bad - but it prevented me from going bananas with them!Good news! The Palmer Hilton will pay for your parking in the structure across the street from the doormen -- save yourself $51/night and selfpark. (I didn't know this and let the doorman park my car - the manager graciously reimbursed me when I told him I would have self-parked had I been told it was comped). At first we were told it was $33/night to park across the street. That was confusing - but in the end, worked out in the guest's favor.I'm a big Kimpton fan -- but the Palmer House Hilton won my heart - and my future business. Oh - and be sure to dine at the Rosebud Prime Rib place near the Jersey Boys theater. The food and service is out of this world. Just 1 1/2 blocks away.	
Apr 5 2009 	Old world service with a modern flair. Loved it!	I booked this hotel for $75 on Hotwire with mid-level expectations for one night. Totally blown away. Arrived on a Sunday night. Gave car to valet ($51/night). Lobby was a social people watching scene with swank music. Check-in was smooth and easy. I asked for an upgrade and was told no free upgrades to 3rd party bookings. Upgrade to suite was available at a cost. I passed since only 1 night stay. I asked for a nice, quiet room away from noisy housekeeping and ice machine. Received room 10-120. Room was huge with 2 beds. Felt like 400 square feet. Newly renovated last year. Bell hop told me some rooms are very small so I totally lucked out! Service from start to finish was top notch. Everyone had a smile on their face. Always spoke with great respect and made us feel welcome. Ordered room service at 10:45 PM. Arrived in 1/2 hour. food was so-so. Had pancakes in Lockwood for breakfast. Very good food and very good service. Strong coffee. Hotel is right on State Street shopping. FYI - Rooms on floors 15 and below were renovated last year. Rest were done 5 years ago. For the price, it was a great bargain! Only complaint is bathroom is small.	
Apr 4 2009 	Upscale Hotel in Millenium Park Area	I travel frequently enough and stay at a wide gamut of hotels to compare the pros and cons of upscale vs budget. Chicago can be a hit and miss town when it comes to reasonably priced hotels. There is no doubt the city offers great 4 and 5 star properties - the question is at what cost.For whatever reason, the Palmer House - now owned by Hilton, seems to be a hotel that will offer just that blend of luxury and value at certain times in the year. I gave it an 'average' in terms of value because when prices go up, this hotel's room rates go right up with them. It is located just off the Monroe Red Line (the &quot;L&quot;) so you can easily take the &quot;L&quot; from Midway or O'Hare. I am sure some of you shudder at the thought of staying at a hotel like the Palmer House and riding Mayor Daly's public transit in. Personally I've done taxis, shuttles and the L is the cheapest and I never had an incident using it. Doormen at the Hotel open the door promptly and greet you as you enter the Palmer House. The first thing you may notice is all the steps in this building as you enter. If you have knee problems or just dislike stairs, this is not going to be a fun hotel for you. The check in counter is up quite a few stairs and it is a bit of a walk to go find the elevator to get up there. Also at nighttime - they close certain outside doors for entry back into the hotel - so before your taxi or ride drops you off - make sure you are at the right entrance and street or you will have a brisk walk around the building. In December, I learned this the hard way and I was pretty chilled by the time I reached the main entrance. Check In - I arrived a bit early - 30 mins prior to check in and the gentleman was polite but firm that if I checked in early there would be an early check in fee. I just waited out in the lobby, which is a fine elegant lobby that you can comfortably sit and wait in. Elevators are prompt and well lit - good decor and clean interiors. I was in a standard room that was a bit smaller than the average hotel, but it was well done. Attractive wall paper and framed art hung in the room - nice plump pillows and a very comfortable bed with the customary flat screen TV. Remote worked fine and the carpet in the room was new as well. Bathroom was a bit cramped - although nice and bright and clean. For a business traveler - it seemed to suffice - i would think for a family or even two people traveling this may be a potential issue.Overall - The Palmer House - a great place to stay for business travelers - if you happen upon it during a slower season, you'll be treated to a great hotel for a fantastic rate.	
Apr 2 2009 	Rats !!!!	My wife and I left in a hurry last night and stayed somewhere nicer down the street. We were here for a total of 2 nights and saw 3 rats (two outside the building and one inside). Absolutely disgusting! I know a large metro area like Chicago has it's problems but to see a rat inside the building is inexcusable! We saw the rat on the third floor as we were taking our morning walk. Then, later on that night as we left for dinner we saw two more while waiting 10-15 minutes for our cab. I spoke to the front desk and they informed me that they have had a rat problem for awhile (that makes me feel better!). Avoid this hotel like the plague, which you just might get if a rat bites you!	
Mar 28 2009 	A Chicago treasure that's now a convention hotel	This is a convention hotel. Lots of conventions are held in Chicago and this hotel is set up to serve them. The staff is professional and efficient. The hotel itself is beautiful. Even if you don't stay here come and take a look at the lobby, it's lovely. The rooms are small for most people that is if you don't book a suite. No real views to speak of but this hotel best serves people who don't plan to be in the room for long. The hotel restaurant Lockwood was very good and the lobby is great for people watching while you're enjoying afternoon tea or drinks. On a personal note we stayed here for our anniversary as we had our wedding reception here 18 years ago. We will always have good memories of this hotel and have stayed here on past anniversaries. However this might be our last stay. The staff barely acknowledged our anniversary and the restaurant mention of it was less then what we have received at other Chicago hotels. (The Chicago restaurant MK is a great place to enjoy a special meal with a loved one and the hotel Peninsula is wonderful at making you feel special!) I wish that I could have a better report, however if you go for a convention you'll be fine..	
Mar 17 2009 	Just Trust Me and Dont Go.	Okay, this hotel has dropped BIG time. I went 5 years ago for a birthday weekend and was blowed away by the beautiful ceiling and shopping area available in the hotel. Sure, the view from the rooms remind you of Shawshank Redemption but the hotel was still great. Fast Forward to Valentines Weekend 2009, I couldnt wait to get back especially with the renovations being touted on the hotel website. We stayed in the Executive Level ( Save your money) . New bedding in the room that was the extent of the renovation. I questioned the concierge why the in room hotel information book listed things we didnt have and was informed that &quot;yes, the books were inaccurate, and they heard that alot&quot; ???? There is no coffee pot in the rooms. None of the rooms have coffee pots. The bathrooms are Very small if you leave the door open you will have even less room so close the door you get about 2 more inches. There is only room for 2 steps to the bowl and 2 steps to get back out. The amenities are Motel 6 brand, and they are very stingy. You will get 1 very small bottle of no name shampoo and 1 of everything else. 2 washclothes and 2 towels. If you forget your toothbrush, that will be $5. The drinks in the executive level are iced to inch of there life and then a splash of liguor is provided for about the amount of your kids college tution. The pool is worse than a City pool that has been deserted. It looks like someone just cut a small hole in the floor and filled it with water. It has the appearance of your high school pool that has been neglected. The hot tub had floating skin. They do have a beautiful gym and a brand new spa, But the spa services are VERY overpriced. You can not get any masssage services for less than $200. We also discovered on the last morning all the fresh towels were dirty and stained and were only folded nicely. I could go on and on, but I wont. Just dont go.	
Mar 16 2009 	BEAUTIFUL hotel in a great location.	Beautiful and clean hotel and tastefully furnished. Located in a wonderful area and outstanding hotel staff. SMcClure EF Foundation	
Mar 6 2009 	No in-room Coffee? Come on!	The hotel is a beautiful historic property, with lots of quirky aspects, some good, some not. Room was fine. Good location. Nice meeting space - if a little dated. Had 2 bathrooms for one person - which was fun. Biggest complaint? No coffee pot in the room! Please, who doesn't have in-room coffee anymore. It's a decision maker for me. Staff was nice - had to move rooms and they were very accommodating.	
Mar 3 2009 	Elevator waits are ridiculous... and other inconveniences	Beautiful historic hotel -- and since I'm in historic building business, was looking forward to stay. Moved rooms on second night because of loud party in adjacent suite, they escorted me to a room that was completely torn up -- duct work torn apart in bathroom, lamp fixtures literally falling off wall, mirror torn off wall, etc. Ended up in a room on 20th floor -- much nicer, but yesterday waited 10 minutes for elevator on two separate occasions. Only two of three elevators to top floors work -- and these two elevators skip floors, so you can be stuck waiting for ever. When I raised this to hotel staff, was told this was an old hotel and basically to stuff it. Umm, no. This is not an old building problem, this is a fixable elevator problem if anyone cared enough to fix it. Thumbs way down, stay away. Go to the Drake or Knickerbocker if you're looking for old world charm, sans hassle.	
Feb 26 2009 	Book on Priceline!!	Stayed in Feb for valentines day, checked in late afternoon, everything smooth. Hotel lobby was ornate and unique. Stayed on 18th floor, room was small and basic, but didn't expect much more from a historic hotel and booking on priceline. Got it for $85 on priceline, would highly recommend it. Valet parking was $51, ramp parking $36. Location was very nice &amp; walking distance to museums &amp; miracle mile. Hotel bar was cool but service a bit slow. Concierge helpful on Fri but nobody on Sat Valentines day at 7:30. Sunday check out was tedious, waited over 20 minutes for elevator! Probably was the floor we on. Valet parking took 10+ minutes but not horrible. Would stay again at this price any time!	
Feb 26 2009 	Many Hassles	This is a great elegant building but I found that despite the charm there were many inconveniences. First, the rooms are small which I found typical of New York style rooms and it was hard to find any room for bathroom accessories. For check-in you have to ascend a flight of stairs and there was a long line unless you were a Hilton Honors member. There was a certain level of arrogance among the staff we encountered (check-in, bar, valet, luggage check), possibly due to the popularity of the hotel. The common areas always seemed to be very crowded. There was an $18 fee for the gym and the spa was prohibitively expensive.The room had modern furniture and bathrooms and was kept very clean. We did see room service items in the hallway the entire weekend however.For those not familiar with Chicago, it is right downtown and close to all the CTA lines and major Chicago attractions (as well as shopping).We were not disappointed given that we paid a cheap Hotwire rate and given that we have never stayed here but in the future I would stick with a property with more personalized service and less hassle.	
Feb 24 2009 	Get the right floor and get a good room	Myself and a colleague were in Chicago for business. We checked in early evening and there was no que. We had got a great rate through priceline.com for this hotel $70 a night, My room was on the 19th floor. The lifts were a bit of a faf, lots of people getting in the wrong lifts for the wrong floors. My room was pretty big and a corner room so i had good views. It was very dated and had I paid anymore I would not have been too pleased.My colleague had a room on the 15th floor. Wow his was so nice, very recently revamped I would say and the bathroom was 100 times nicer than mine. The room was very masculine, and looked like the one in the hotels own photo's, it was much smaller though and no view.Location was superb, We only had the following morning to do some shopping before we flew back home. Easy walking distance from everywhere and the hotel are happy to hold bags for free for you after you have checked out.	
Feb 23 2009 	Executive Levels are the best	I stayed here with my family for 3 nights. It pays to ask for the Executive Level because there is a different level of service there. We were initially booked for a junior suite because we were told the Executive Level rooms were fully booked. But I like the idea of breakfast and pm snacks, and upgraded rooms, the use of an Executive Level bar/lounge, so I asked at check-in if Exec Level rooms were available. We were lucky we got one - that weekend was busy with conferences. We got a king-bed room that suited my small family fine.An exclusive elevator whisks guests directly to floors 22 and 23 from the lobby and street level - a great bonus if you don't like stopping at every floor at these big hotels.The am breakfast was a perfect start to a busy day of Chicago sightseeing. And the late afternoon snacks helped recharge our batteries before heading out for the evening. Our room was well furnished and clean. The bathroom was small but luxuriously appointed. And there was plenty of seating for working and reading. The bed is ultra comfy with high-end sheets. We asked for a fridge (but be prepared to pay $30 for it). Staff were courteous and cleaning staff very sweet. I highly recommend this hotel for business (but expect to pay extra for internet, coffee machines, and any extras). No need for room service in as there are plenty of cafes, restaurants, and stores to go to.Our only complaint is the pool, which is small and often crowded. My 5 year old tried to go for a swim but the pool area was taken over by a gang of about 25 rambunctious teenagers who proceeded to do back flips and cannonballs into the deep end. Being such a large hotel you have to expect these things to happen - a little disappointing but you can't escape this fact.We didn't have an issue with noise in the Exec levels but I imagine it can be a rowdy hotel in the lower levels. You can hear the Elevated Trains at all hours so get not facing Wabash if possible.	
Feb 22 2009 	Just OK	My husband treated me to a night in Chicago at the Palmer House for Valentine’s Day. After spending most of the day shopping, we were ready to put our feet up and relax a bit before dinner. Arriving to check-in at approximately 3:40 pm, the line for check-in was nothing like I have ever seen before - I guess it would resemble more of a line I would expect to see at the airport then a line I should expect to see at a hotel. Needless to say, our feet did not get the much anticipated relief for another half an hour or more. I would have had a glass of wine to make the wait more enjoyable but I couldn’t seem to get over the outrageous price. After arriving to our room, I noticed that our room did not resemble the stylish modern king size rooms that they show on the hotel’s website, it had more of an 80’s motif with peeling wallpaper. I can’t see that anything had been updated in the bathroom in a long time and there was no hairdryer. Yet another disappointment! I guess the topper was in the middle of the night with the loud guests on our floor. I know this is not the fault of the hotel but where I do find fault is in the large gap between our door and the floor – with this nice large gap and our room being at the end of a long hallway all of the noise, talking, etc seemed to filter directly into our room and at times it was like the group was in our room with us. The beds were comfortable but unfortunately we did not get a sound sleep. When we were leaving the hotel in the morning, while passing the bags of chips, candy, pop and liquor that our loud neighbors had strewn about, I did notice that the door to our room seemed to be the only one on the floor with the very large gap – unlucky us!	
Feb 22 2009 	Historical Gem	This was a great first introduction to Down Town Chicago. I am probably spoiled from here on out.	
Feb 18 2009 	Nice but I felt nickel and dimed	I stayed at the Palmer House Hilton for three nights when I was in Chicago recently. I was in town for a conference but also had leisure plans. The location can't be beat if you want to be downtown. It's a short cab ride from Union Station, and there's a red line stop right outside the hotel. The Art Institute is only about a five minute walk, and there are some basic restaurants nearby, too. Upon my arrival, I was informed that I would have to pay $25 to check in early. I'd spent the night on the train and wanted to freshen up before I went to my conference, so I was pretty much left with no choice. I was also informed that internet packages were available for $15 and $20 a day. I'm sorry, but a hotel of this caliber ought to have free internet access, especially considering the other Hilton nearby offers it. I was also shocked to find out that if I wanted a coffeemaker in my room, I'd have to pay extra! The staff was extremely friendly, and the lobby and other public areas of the hotel are quite beautiful. The restaurants and shops inside the hotel are all pricey, but I think that's to be expected. There are plenty of elevators, but during busy times they're incredibly slow. The Starbucks in the basement was a lifesaver, and I had no problems storing my luggage on the day I checked out since I wasn't leaving until that night.My room was on the thirteenth floor. It was relatively small but was nice. The mattresses were comfortable and the bedding looked new. The room wasn't spotless, but it was clean enough to suit me. The bathroom was extremely small; it had a great tub and shower, but it was nearly impossible to get out without falling over the toilet. Overall, the room was nice but was starting to show some wear. The iron was especially old and leaked dirty water all over one of my shirts.At night, the hotel is well-lit and well-staffed, which made me feel safe. I was out late all three nights, but only one night did a staff member ask to see my key card when I came in. I would've liked if they'd done that all three nights, or if the elevators required a key card. The walls are very thin, so there was some noise at night.This was my second time staying at the Palmer House Hilton. I got a great conference rate, but I'm not sure it would be worth a full-price stay. Beware that even if you get a good deal, they'll get you to pay in other ways while you're there.	
Feb 15 2009 	Palmer House Did Not Meet Expectations	I was looking forward to my stay at the Palmer House. I got a good pre-paid rate for a king room on the website. I was somewhat disappointed. The room was pint sized. Furnishings, including the TV needed an upgrade. Public areas were better. Location is great, so overall it is a mixed bag. If you don't expect too much, and if you get a good rate, the Palmer House is an OK choice, but if you are expective a five star experience, look elsewhere.	
Feb 12 2009 	Suprised They Don't Charge You Extra for the Electricity and Water Used in Room	EVERYTHING costs extra here. I chose this 4-star hotel in the loop because of the location, amenities listed on the booking site, and the comfort provided by a 4-star hotel. However, every amenity comes with an extra cost. The &quot;Fitness Center&quot; is actually their Spa, and use of the Fitness Center is an additional fee. The Pool is only accessible via the Spa, and you guessed it, is an additional fee. The Internet access? $20 a day for &quot;high speed&quot; access. The staff are excellent and kind, but the Hotel seems more concerned with emptying your pocket of every nickle and dime they can find than ensuring a comfortable stay.	
Feb 7 2009 	Beware of Palmer House Valet Parking	I am a Hilton Honors Gold VIP member, who has never had any problems at a Hilton brand hotel. In a recent stay at the Palmer House Hilton, my vehicle was damaged by the valet. After various contacts with InterPark (the valet subcontractor), they refused to take responsibility. I have also contacted Hilton (brand) and the Palmer House (directly to the General Manager Dean Lane via email and US Mail). Neither has taken responsibility (the GM won’t even contact me back). I feel that it is unacceptable for a customer of the Palmer House (or any Hilton hotel) to be treated in this manner. I will NEVER valet my vehicle again and am considering never returning to any Hilton brand hotels in the future.	
Feb 5 2009 	Disappointment at the Palmer House	We arrived to our very claustrophobic room to find the &quot;king size&quot; bed we had requested. A king size bed is usually between 6 feet 3 inches and 6 and a half feet wide, however, I am 5 feet 9 inches tall and could lay on the bed width-wise with my head at one edge and my shins fell off the other side. When we asked the front desk if this was the right room, they assured us that this was their definition of &quot;king size.&quot; There was no mini fridge in the room, and when we tried to go online, we were greeted with a webpage from the Hilton informing us that the internet was available for a price of $15 for &quot;basic&quot; and $20 for &quot;high speed&quot;... FOR ONLY 24 HOURS! The hand towel fixtures in the bathroom were hanging off of the wall with the holes blatantly exposed, which stayed that way for our entire five day stay. There was no fan in the bathroom, which was unpleasant for obvious reasons, and our &quot;window view&quot; on the ninth floor was somehow about eight feet away from another tall building, making it nice and gloomy in our room even when it was very bright and clear outside. The room service came with an included 15% gratuity (even when it came with hair in the ice cream) AS WELL AS a $4 service charge, making a $9 dessert around $16. The employees were very polite, but it didn't make up for the lack of amenities. All in all, a room costing close to $200 a night was a total ripoff. Why not stay at a significantly cheaper place that provides complimentary internet and doesn't lie about details like the bed size?	
Jan 22 2009 	This one is a must	The Palmer House is a historic hotel that has been magnificently maintained. It is centrally located to major shopping areas (don't let the lack of a Michigan Ave. address fool you!). It is very close to theaters and great restaurants too. I frequently stay on the executive floor which costs a bit more but you have access to sodas, bottled water, fruit, yogurt, cookies and snacks all day long. There is also a breakfast of fruit, bagels, cereals, danish etc. in the morning with fresh juices and great coffee. We usually ask for a room with two bathrooms. The bathrooms are not huge but it is definately nice to have the extra one. Our room this year had two doubles with a pull out sofa which was very comfortable. I purposely asked for an inside room which does not give you much of a view but it keeps out the big city noise. Service was great and friendly too.	
Jan 19 2009 	Disappointed at the Palmer	I come to Chicago often and usually stay at the Chicago Hilton but they were having a Cubs convention and were booked solid so I opted for the Palmer House primarily due to the historic nature of the hotel. I was disappointed in my stay as it was not the same caliber of the Chicago Hilton in my opinion. The bathroom was really small and I have received better towels at a Hampton Inn. I wasn't provided enough towels so I called the customer service hotline three times and no one answered. I finally called housekeeping and requested 2 extra sets of towels that never arrived. I had to go to the front desk to request the towels and when I returned from dinner they were in my room.There was no coffee pot in the room as advertised on their website so I called the front desk and they said they were removed months ago but they have a Starbucks at the street level. The staff in the executive lounge were very friendly but I probably won't stay here again. The restaurant has no vegetarian options which is a shame for a hotel restaurant in Chicago.	
Jan 16 2009 	New Year's Getaway	My boyfriend and I decided to get away this New Year's Eve after staying at home with our children for years while they were all young. They are all over 18 now and had their own plans, so we decided to do something different. We booked the Palmer House because of the beautiful lobby photo on expedia's website hoping the rest of it was just as nice.We were not disappointed! The lobby takes your breath away from the mirrored walls to the fresco ceiling. Our room was VERY comfortable, nice bed - the only bad thing was that the bathroom was small - hardly any room to set vanities that we brought along, so we had to keep them in our suitcases until we needed them.The bar is wonderful - and they make THE most delicious Hot Buttered Rums, which we partook of when we came in from Navy Pier on New Year's Eve from watching the fireworks in 0 degree weather. :) Although - they are quite expensive!!! We each had to drinks and the bill was $53. But just sitting in such a beautiful place made it worth that total.The staff seem friendly enough, and allow you to meander through the whole place on your own. I enjoyed all the photos of celebrities past and present (mostly past) who had come to the Palmer House to perform through the years. We found lovely shots of Eartha Kitt - Dorothy Dandridge - Sonny &amp; Cher and the like. It's actually how we remembered how to find our room in this huge place until we got the lay of the land. :)One of the things that I REALLY loved was the fact that the El runs right along the street only about half a block from the hotel, so you can hear it all night coming through, which I adored. Also, the hotel is only one block off of Michigan! I would definitely recommend this to couples that are looking for a nice, romantic getaway!!! Very lovely, like you step back in time.	
Jan 13 2009 	Lived up to Expectations	Having grown up in the suburbs I had always heard about the Palmer House and have wanted to stay there for years. Finally over the last Christmas Holiday I had occasion to do so. We had an incredible time at the Hotel. I would like to mention Doug at the Front Desk and Claudia the Front Desk manager who made our stay wonderful. The Lobby is absoulutely gorgeous as everybody else mentioned, not much more to say about that.We were upgraded to a suite which was very nice and really made our trip, as it was cold and there wasn't too much outdoor sightseeing to do. We were able to celebrate our son's Birthday in the suite and have our whole family over to watch the Bear's game, where if they would have won they would have gone to the Playoffs. (Don't get me started on that)The suite had been remodeled and was very spacious, the other thing we noticed about the room that it was completely handicapped accessible. We thought that was great. My only thoughts for the next time we stay there would be to request a room on the side of the hotel that is not nearest the &quot;El&quot; tracks. They take a little getting used to.The beds were incredibly soft and comfortable. They have ice machines on the floor which is great, you don't need to order room service to get a bucket of ice. There's a Corner Bakery and a CVS pharmacy within 50 feet of the hotel if you forget anything or just wanted to grab some munchies for the room.I hope this helps and I would recommend this hotel to anyone. It's truly historic Chicago. We also discovered a great restuarant a couple blocks North on Michigan Avenue called &quot;The Gage&quot;, we ate there twice during our 3 day stay in the city.	
Jan 12 2009 	Stolen items at the Palmer House	My husband stayed at this property for a business meeting. During his 3 day stay, his leather bag full of business items was stolen from his conference room. After being told by security and the facilities director that the problem would be looked into, no resolution was provided. My husband then escalated the quest for his bag to the General Manager. After many phone calls and checking back, the bag was not found. In the end no answers were given. A co-worker had boots stolen from her hotel room the same weekend, and the thief was caught ON CAMERA! The hotel did pay for the boots, but I don't know if the thief was fired. After experiencing not one but TWO incidents of stolen personal items, I would strongly caution anyone from staying at this property.	
Jan 11 2009 	Lovely stay	I was a little worried about booking the Palmer House for my husband's birthday trip to Chicago but it has sentimental appeal for us as we'd stayed there years ago. We had a wonderful time! I requested and received a renovated room. The room was a good size and although the bathroom was miniscule (as many have noted), it was bright, well-decorated, spotlessly clean and had a make-up mirror and hairdryer. No complaints there. The bed was very comfortable. The hallways were nicely heated, which we appreciated due to the freezing weather. The lobby is glorious and we enjoyed a drink there. I noticed many people ordering food from the hotel restaurant which the waiters would bring out to the lobby for amazing dining ambiance. What a great idea. A few notes: you get the lobby, but you don't get a skyline or river view from your room, just a view of the buildings across the street. The staff at the front desk and bellhop station are very professional and they should give lessons to the doormen, who were more interested in their own conversations than greeting guests coming and going.	
Jan 10 2009 	What is going on at the Palmer House?	We recently returned from the Palmer House where we stayed last weekend. We have stayed there many times and this time experienced a few things that have me wondering. 1. We arrived around noon Chicago time and were told our room was ready but if we wanted to check in before 3pm we would need to pay an additional $25. Never before have we been told that. Is this just some new way to make some more money? I wonder if we checked out early if they would refund us some money?2. There are no longer any coffee pots in the rooms. That was a big disappointment for us as we like to make a cup of coffee in the am to wake up. Our options were to order room service, get up and get dressed and go downstairs to Starbucks or the front desk now has coffee pots for rent. I didn't even bother to ask how much or did that rate include coffee.It is pretty amazing that you can stay at a Red Roof Inn or similar and there is a coffee pot and coffee in the room but at a high quality hotel like the Palmer House they can't provide that little extra amenity.We had a great time in Chicago, our room was very nice and everything at the Palmer House was nice as well. I just can't understand why they have implemented these new policies?	
Jan 9 2009 	Beautiful Historic Hotel	We booked this hotel through priceline for under $75 per night. We didn't have extremely high expectations, but after reading about the history of this hotel and all the recent renovations that had been occuring we were excited. The lobby is as beautiful as everyone says. We checked in quickly and were in a smallish sized room that had been renovated. There was no view other than the another side of the hotel, but other than that, the room really was elegant. Everything at this hotel was fantastic and was above our expectations. The only comment would be that they charge for everything. $18/day for the gym, $20/ day for wifi, etc. Other than that, we had a terrific stay for a great price.	
Jan 5 2009 	Enjoyed the Palmer House	My five day stay at the Palmer House was mid-November, 2008. I was a bit wary after reading reviews about the 'small' rooms at the hotel, however, went hoping for the best. HOTEL: We stayed on the Hiltons Honors floor. Our room was a two queen sized bed room. It was quite large, with one bathroom, two closets and two large windows. The room had updated furniture and bedding; the bathroom was very modern, very clean and quite big enough for one person to get ready in, great lighting in the bathroom. The beds were so comfortable that it was difficult to get out of them in the morning. The lobby area is probably one of the most ornate and beautiful hotel lobbies that I've been in. AREA: There is so much around this hotel to do. All around this hotel are streets and streets of great shopping and restaurants. Two blocks and you're at Macy's, H&amp;M, Nordstrom Rack, to name a few. A few blocks to the east and you've got the beautiful Park. The 'Bean' Sculpture is there and is a must-see, just for fun. An Art Musuem is located near the park, as well. There's a great Pub/Restuarant right next door to the hotel. We dined there twice because we liked it so much. There are great restaurants within walking distance on each side of the hotel. There is a CVS across the street for soda's and snacks, so you won't have to pay 4 dollars for a Coke in the hotel. We had to hire a cab (less than 7 dollars), to go further up Michigan Avenue for more shopping. It could have been walked however, it was close to 20 degrees outside and we were freezing. All in all, I would completely recommend this hotel. I would request a room with two beds to assure a larger size. (A friend also stayed in the hotel and had a nice, large room.....two beds). We plan on going back.	
Jan 3 2009 	Beautiful Hotel great location	We stayed at the Palmer for 3 nights Dec.30-Jan.2, we had booked an air/hotel package through southwest and originally were booked in a 2 double room. We arrived very early at the hotel and were able to check in at 11:00 am, there was no wait in the lobby and the front desk staff was very friendly, I choose to upgrade to a full suite for additional $ and they waived the $25 early check in fee. Our room (15.128) was ready and it was huge...we had a full dining area (seating for 8) a sitting area, a bar area w/fridge and a great sized bedroom with king bed. The room was extremly clean and beautifully decorated (it had been renovated) there was at least 6 windows in the room overlooking Monroe St. Overall a great hotel room!! Two things that do need to be mentioned were that we did have a great bar set up BUT it was not equipped with any of the things I would have expected (i.e wine opener, glasses, coffee maker had to be brought up) I also think there should have been a microwave. The other thing that has been mentioned in many reviews was very thin walls, you could hear coughing and talking with no difficulty, other people we had travelled with had to deal with dogs barking next door and their neighbor's night/morning sex sessions!! Aside from these things, I loved the hotel it was around the corner from the orange/red line and the free trolley was right across the street. We were in a great spot for shopping on State St. and on a nice day the walk up Michigan would be beautiful ( a bit too cold in Dec.) it was also very close to Millenium park (walking distance). Given the chance I would definetly choose the Palmer House again	
Jan 2 2009 	I liked Palmer House Hilton	If I had paid $300 per night like some people did I might have been disappointed. But we got a nice deal thru Travelocity for a New Year's stay (averaged less than $100 per night for 3 nights) and I found Palmer House to be a great place. The location is wonderful, convenient to much of what Chicago offers, and the beds were so so comfy!! One of the best beds I ever slept in. Down comforters and down pillows too, sweet!!! and we had 4+ pillows for each bed, no skimping on that. I like a lot of pillows.It would have been nice to have free wi-fi but supposedly the Corner Bakery nearby has free wi-fi. Unfortunately we didn't know that til too late. We did miss having internet access as I wasn't willing to pay $15 per day for it. The staff at Palmer House was consistently friendly and very eager to please. We did not encounter anyone there who was surly or unhelpful. In fact everyone was very cheerful and helpful, which always makes for a nice hotel stay.I had heard the rooms were smaller than average but our room was quite OK. It wasn't huge but it certainly wasn't cramped either. The bathroom was marble tile and very sufficient. Again not huge but was ok and very clean.Overall I liked this hotel and the lobby is very beautiful. The restaurant there supposedly has great chefs and I would've liked to try it but we had other plans for a fancy dinner so had to skip that. I would recommend Palmer House to anyone.	
Jan 2 2009 	2 weeks on my own in a big city.. was a great place to be	I was there on business for 2 weeks. Needed a place close to the office and chose this for the hiltonhonours points more than anything else but on arrival I was very impressed. Lovely ancient building with fab features. Huge place to get lost in. Close to everywhere so I just walked and shopped around the area; no need for taxi's. I did find the restaurant / bar a little intimidating being on my own. Just not very welcoming so following a search found the elephant &amp; castle pub around the corner was a perfect place to eat &amp; drink. Very welcoming and within 10 mins I was happy chatting away with a local at the bar.	
Dec 26 2008 	Great location in the loop	I travel frequently to Chicago and always Priceline or Hotwire my hotel for the stay. My primary goal is room quality as well as proximity to shopping, dining, and cultural attractions. Service and amenities is fairly low on my priority list in Chicago.That said, the Palmer House gave me pretty good service even though I paid 1/3 of their internet rate for the stay. Even better, they were willing to upgrade me to the Executive (ie Club) floor for $30. My stay ended up being less than $100/night for the stay -- a total bargain.I ended up in an Executive King Size bedroom. The room was average size, but larger than I expected given the vintage nature of the building. Bathroom was very small, with just one vanity. The building has been recently renovated, abd it showed. The room was clean and tastefully decorated.Service was about what I expected, good but not great. Rooms cleaned on time. I asked for a turn down one night (and gave a specific time), and the turn down never happened.Parking was expensive -- $34/night for self park across the street. This is par for the course in downtown Chicago.Pool was complimentary. Spa was not.Location was great. 1-2 blocks from Macy's, Art Institute, Millenium Park, and theaters. Probably 6 blocks or so from the beginning of Michigan Ave shopping.	
Dec 26 2008 	Classic hotel with snags	The Palmer House has a great location and a remarkable history. It is elegant, and especially so when decorated for the holidays. My stay got off to a bad start with a late arrival due to weather problems. At 2:30 in the morning, I was not eager to find problems, but when my smoke-free room on a smoke-free floor smelled badly of smoke, I was not happy. The person I talked to attributed it to smoke smell from another floor. I was too tired to argue. The next day, housekeeping put some sort of filter device in the room, and it helped a bit, but the room smelled for the 3-day stay.My room was in the rennovated section, but it was pretty basic. It was small with the usual comforts, except that there was not a coffee maker. Coffee requires a trip to the lovely but expensive restaurant or to Starbucks. The staff was cheerful and helpful, and my breakfasts in the hotel restaurant were good at the customary major city hotel prices. The Palmer House was fine, but next time I think I will look for soemthing else in Chicago.	
Dec 21 2008 	Classic Chicago Hotel	My husband stayed at this hotel for business purposes and I met him for 2 nites. It is a great location near all the fabulous stores on State Street and the lobby is grand, beautiful and decadent. We were lucky to stay in a renovated room but it was the size of a shoe box. The staff are hit and miss here. Some excellent others awful.I had lunch with a friend in the restaurant at the lobby level and it was delicious. The christmas decor for the holidays was beautiful! If you don't mind a small room it is okay but maybe if we paid more we could have gotten something nicer.	
Dec 19 2008 	Desperately needs renovation	I stayed at the Palmer House Hilton for a week right after Thanksgiving (during the RSNA medical meeting). It was a once-grand hotel that was in desperate need of renovation. Don't get me wrong, the lobby is glorious and my room was very clean. It was just the smallest hotel room I've ever been in (in the U.S.). It was European small. The doors are quite thin and you have a lot of hallway noise.It's wildly overpriced for what it is. I wouldn't tell anyone not to stay there, but only stay there if you can't find any other options in Chicago.	
Dec 16 2008 	Not Satisfied	My wife and I stayed at the Palmer House on Sunday 14DEC2008 for one night after staying at another 4-star Hotel the previous nights. We were there for business. Upon arrival, the outdoor Bellman begin arguing with the cab drivers about moving their vehicles while i was unloading the cab with the cab driver. When he realized we were checking in, he begins to try to justify the argument. The Hotel and its Historic features are Great. The Hotel room was average. The toilet's drainage system was flushing every 30-45 seconds all night and the Bellman and Luggage delivery person stood around waiting for a tip after their service. I thought this was very rude (I always tip). This action was not practiced at the other 4-star Hotel attendants. I will not be staying here again. Finally, before checking out on Monday 15DEC2008, I was waiting in the sitting area on my floor and was manually turning the T.V. stations and noticed a porn station around channel 53'ish.....unbelievable. thanks.	
Dec 16 2008 	Very nice but...not quite 4 stars as advertised	Very nice place, but overall not quite a 4 star hotel, I would give it a very pleasant 3 star rating.Got great deal off priceline for 77 bucks, so I can't complain about the price. The priceline room was for a standard 1 bed room, I asked if there were any king size beds available. The front desk was great and put us in a room with a king size bed and did notify us it was however on a smoking floor. We we got to our room and it didn't smell like smoke at all, not even a hint of smoke in the air!Here is the skinny on the place: the good, the neutral, and the bad:Good: location was great for us, lobby very nice, bed was very comfey, room fairly large and clean, all the staff we encountered were very nice and helpful.Neutral (things that didn't bother me, but they may bother you): We had a busy day and were knocked out by days end, but if your a light sleeper the L-train is a wee bit noisy, and the room walls are kind of thin. Bathroom tub could use an upgrade. Pillows were decent but could have used a little more fluff.Negative: NO COFFEE POT - I have seen this complained about alot on this website. As a &quot;listed&quot; 4 star hotel there should be a coffee pot in the room. I guess the hotel would rather have the entire hotel go down to starbucks, spend an hour in line and pay 4 bucks for a cup of joe. Potters Bar in the hotel was very nice, but the drinks are pricey!! If you don't need the swankey ambiance of Potters, go next door to Millers (which is not swankey but very nice) and pay half the price for your cocktails. One other negative - the 6 to 7 pm evening rush had you waiting forever for the elevators. On our way down (from the 16th floor mind you!) we eventually gave up on the elevator and took the stairs.In a nutshell: nice place overall, good location, but not quite a 4 star place. Would I stay here again? Yes if I got a deal off Priceline or Hotwire, however if I had to pay the rack rate I would probabally look at other properties.	
Dec 15 2008 	Beautiful Lobby Overpriced Room	Compared to other Hiltons (or hotels in general), the Palmer house has the tiniest rooms I have ever seen. After 2 room swaps because I keep thinking there must be bigger rooms, I gave up and just settled in. The lobby is beautiful but I'm not living in the lobby. The walls at the hotel are paper thin and you can easily hear outside conversations in the hallway. Housekeeping is poor as I found leftover food from previous guests on my foot after walking barefoot. If you have to stay here for the location, make sure you ask for a room that faces away from the train. Hotel was understaffed as well on a busy Chicago weekend so don't expect high quality services. Overall, the Palmer House did not meet the standards and quality of a Hilton hotel.	
Dec 13 2008 	Renovated Beautiful Feel The History!	I have nothing but great things to say about this hotel. I did get it through priceline for under $100. But, I would have been satisfied if I paid anything under $200 for my experience.We were here for a romantic getaway. The hotel public spaces are amazing. History all around you and much more interesting than your usual &quot;new age/post modern&quot; upscale hotel. Google &quot;The Empire Room&quot;, which is just off the lobby, to fully understand what used to happen at the Palmer. The hotel lobby and bar were buzzing the night we were there. Made for a great place to unwind and enjoy a drink. Nice Christmas Tree in the lobby. $14 for a glass of champagne and $6 for a Miller Lite! Welcome to a hotel bar in Chicago! Can't complain though.I called a couple days ahead of our scheduled stay to request a king and let them know I was proposing marriage to my longtime girlfriend. We were upgraded to the executive level upon check in with no request on my behalf. BTW service and staff at the hotel were great. The room was adequate and functional (room 23-250). Clean, comfortable. King size bed. Nice appointed room. Small bathroom, but nice and clean. Nothing more. More than fine for our wants/needs. The executive level has a public space area for working and hanging out with friends. There is also an area for complimentary snacks an drinks during the day (cookies, soda, water, coffee/tea). And at night it looked like the alcohol came out, but I don't know if it was complimentary. Breakfast is also served on the executive level in the morning. We had to pass to catch a flight. But it looked nice.Location is great. Shopping, dining, theaters, and business right outside the door. We ate at Italian Village (The Village). Open till midnight during the week which fit our needs just perfect. Great wine, decent food. It's about 100 yards down Monroe from the hotel. Macy's, Nordstrom Rack, Loehman's, Filene's Basement all within a short walk for shopping.The train is right outside the hotel for the red line (quick 2-3 minutes to River North/Mag Mile) and the Orange Line (25-30 minutes to and from Midway).I have read reviews on here about small and less than desirable rooms at the Palmer. Our room was more than adequate. Perhaps when the hotel is near capacity you might find yourself in one of these small rooms. But, the hotel seems to have just finished a major renovation from my research. I would just request a large renovated king room and I bet you will be satisfied. Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel and a great treat if you happen to secure it through priceline/hotwire.	
Dec 11 2008 	The Palmer was Wonderful - Great Deal	We stayed only one night at The Palmer House on December 8th. We stayed in room 8-101 and it was a very nice, updated room we booked for less than $100 on Priceline. Because the hotel is historical, of course you are not going to expect a really large updated spa bathroom in every room. I would expect this in a luxury ranked newer contemporary hotel, but I found the bathroom quite charming and the lighting was excellent. The room was very stylish and the products that were offered were good ones. I read the previous review that was so negative and I must admit I am astounded, because the hotel is still a grand place. The beds were very comfortable and yes, they (we had two of them) were doubles but very plush and with great linens. The area was perfect for touring downtown shopping areas and the Christmas season was a wonderful time to be a visitor in Chicago.With Starbucks downstairs, coffee was right at hand and better than what you can make in a room coffee pot. I would definitely recommend this hotel and would return back to stay anytime I had the opportunity.	
Dec 10 2008 	The Palmer House Hilton—A 4-Star Farce	Remember, hotel star ratings are based on the amenities offered at the location, not on the quality of the rooms. In my opinion, the quality of the rooms was substandard for a downtown 4-star hotel in a major U.S. city. This hotel makes me question if I will ever stay at a Hilton property again.ReviewGood: Fairly clean; beautiful lobbyNeutral: Downtown location, but on the boarder of a shady areaBad: Miniature room with ONE full-size bed (for two adults); no coffee maker in roomI could not in good conscience recommend this hotel to anyone due to the size of the room and the tiny bed. (I didn’t even know that a “respectable” hotel chain had a full size bed as an option. I have only seen queens and kings in “respectable” hotels.)I guess if enjoy being in tight quarters and you can sleep comfortably in a petite bed, this hotel would be fine. Paul—Suburbs of Chicago	
Dec 8 2008 	Had a blast	I just wanted to say that this is a old and elegant hotel. The kind that they do not make anymore and since for the last 5 years most hotels we have been in are waterparks I was thrilled to get back to a non kid oriented hotel. I stayed with my kids and husband in a double room for $125 a night and really enjoyed our weekend. Our room was pleasantly bigger than I expected - Luck? I do not know but I will remember that room number. I was on an updated floor and we liked it. The pool is small, as I expected in downtown Chicago in a hotel of that age. We were not there to be in a room as well, we were there to get out and have a nice family weekend mainly outdoors. The staff was nice when I needed them. I am not high maintenence nor am I slob, this place was fine and I will go back again at Christmas time to enjoy fun activities with my family and hope to get the same room. Thanks.	
Dec 8 2008 	Substandard Accomodations	Even the $70 priceline rate failed to buffer the ordeal that culminated after our 3 night stay here this past weekend. Upon checking out, the valet office discovered that my vehicle keys were lost, not a comfortable prospect on a cold snowy Sunday morning in Chicago, hours away from home. I personally had to search the key storage area of the valet office where many hundreds of car keys were stashed away. After finding the keys myself the staff realized they had no record of my car being parked and for a time debated whether or not the car would be findable. After an hour of resolving these two issues we were told that our luggage which had been transported via cart by a bellhop, was also missing. When I suggested that the bellhop who assisted us with our luggage be located and asked about the location of our bags I was told that there was no way to contact him and we would &quot;just have to wait&quot; for him to show up. (This was 30 minutes after he left our room.) Finally I was taken to a storage area, where once again I had to locate our property. This whole sequence of events becamre progressively surreal and needless to say I couldn't get out of there fast enough. Never again. Oh yeah, the rooms were small, the bathrooms tiny. No coffee makers in the rooms and one designer shaped (Void of practical use)trash can in the bathroom.	
Dec 7 2008	Big hotel big disappointment	After a lovely stay at the Hilton Financial District in Boston, this was a big disappointment. I had checked on the Internet that there would be a refrigerator and coffee making facilities in the room, and several sites had confirmed that this would be the case, but the room had neither -- of course, it was so small, that this was not surprising. For the most part, staff who were going to get a tip were pleasant. However, one fellow behind the reception desk, was positively obstructive. The room was beautifully clean and we had an excellent, good value meal in the bar. On the other hand, in another bar, I was charged $6 for some take-away crisps. Our luggage was moved around efficiently (tips at stake). Perhaps the biggest disappointment was that the pool was out of commission -- the desk helpfully suggested that we use the pool at a Hilton a mile or so away.	
Dec 6 2008 	Not what it used to be	This was my 5th (and probably final) time staying at the Palmer House. My family and I stay here the week after Thanksgiving every year. There is a very large medical conference that a family member of mine participates in and my husband and I join for some exra time we would not otherwise get with the family. My first few years I was highly impressed with the Palmer House and it's offerings. At the price we were paying, I would expect to be impressed. Even last year amidst all of the renovations (which were only extensive to the &quot;street level and pool/spa) it was still impressive. We always stay on the &quot;Executive Level&quot; because of our &quot;status&quot; with Hilton Hotels (HHonors). On this level you need a special key to access the floor and it's executive lounge. In the lounge (in years past) we were greeted with a nice amount of options, both hot and cold, for breakfast. Large bagles, fruit, hot oatmeal, fresh bread, eggs or something similar and wonderful Douwe Egberts coffee, Tazo teas, hot chocolate and a fridge full of sodas and juice. All free for the taking. This year there were no hot offerings, not even packets of oatmeal. Only toast, small bagles, small dried up muffins and pastries. The coffee has been switched to Lavazza (which sucks), the soda is still available but they are small bottles. The small botles were not the bad part as they are still a good amount. The problem is that in the week I was there, I was never able to open a bottle. I did not see one woman able to open a bottle the entire time. Not even the bar tender. I was told by an employee in the executive lounge that they cut-backs were made because of the economy. That... I can understand. Read further.Part of the new renovation is the spa and pool. The pool is average but by no means looks like it has been remodeled. Not to mention you have to walk and walk and walk down all types of back hallways past conference rooms to even find the pool. Odd since they frown upon you wearing a swimsuit around the guests. Not sure how to get from your room to the pool otherwise. Maybe that's why theer was never anyone at the pool the whole time I was there during a week the hotel was completely sold out. Which is another point. There were NUMEROUS things that the hotel has cut-back on to save a dine here and there but the price of the closet size, paper thin walls have gone up. My king size bedroom closet size room was $221 a night. They have taken all of the coffee makers out of the room (which they had installed brand new the very week I was there last year). Even a budget hotel offers a coffee maker in the room. They said this was part of the cut-back. So, now you are forced to buy their coffee from room service, which we did one night. 2 cups of decaf = $14 plus a tip. Did I mention that if you are one of the lucky few to get executive level status, there is no decaf? I had to call and ask why there was no decaf because the employees of the exec. lounge just said &quot;it's not offered&quot; every time I asked. It was eventually brought up the last 2 days of my stay. The concierge recommended a restuarant called &quot;Tavern at the Park&quot; which is just next to Millenium Park our first night there. But my husband and I received a healthy dose of food poisoning. I don't recommened this place to eat. The second day, a couple moved into the room next to us. As mentioned above, the walls in the hotel are seriuosly paper thin. The couple began having sex at 5pm on Sunday and didn't stop until 7am on Monday. They were anything but quiet. I tried knocking on the wall, slamming my door, slamming a closet door (which they also did frequently) and at 5am I called security and told them to handle it before I did. The couple quieted down from 5:30-6 when they picked up where they left off. Security stated that they have done alll they can do. Now we are talking two nights with no sleep. I did go to the front desk the next morning and complained. They happily moved us to another floor and a bigger room. We were told it was a 2 bed, 2 bath. It would have been had the second bath not been under construction. To conclude this long review (and I could certainly go on and on)... if you are new to the Palmer House, you will not know anything is wrong (except the rooms were absolutely freezing the whole time). If you are a returning guest... you will most definately notice some serious changes.	
Dec 6 2008 	Great Loop Location Spotty Cleanliness	Usually stay in Chicago suburbs, but my meeting schedule made it more convenient to stay in the Loop for one mid-week night. Priceline dished out the Palmer House Hilton for $69, but in these old hotels i knew what I was in for.The proverbial &quot;closet&quot; room.On check-in, the desk clerk tried the old &quot;early check-in for $25&quot; trick. I declined, and started back towards the lobby. She called me back and proffered a room without the fee.This Hilton was recently refurbed, and the lobby is truly spectacular. I had colleagues over after dinner for a drink just to sit under the wonderful turn-of-the century painted ceiling. The room was very small with a view of the airshaft. But quite a deal for $69, I thought. Bathroom could have been cleaned better, though. And these Hiltons have a stupidly high ($15) fee for internet use. I declined, and easily found a wifi connection that worked fine.	
Dec 3 2008 	NICE PLACE ON SURFACE-BUT WATCH CLEANLINESS	The Palmer House is a nice place to stay. Overall visit for 4 days was ok. Room service was pleasant and efficient. Maid service needed to be more thorough. Upon Check-in, we encountered blood spatters all over the wall and tiles in the bathroom. Maid came up and cleaned it right away. Upon taking a shower the next morning, we discovered more blood spatter all over the shower tiles. Upon notifying the hotel management, we were told there are no comment cards or formal complaints available at this time. We wrote the incident on a letterhead for the management. It is 4 days later and no apologies or responses from the management whatsoever. Upon being more attentive to the cleanliness of the room, we noticed minor oversites on the cleaning aspect - hair left in the shower, toothpaste marks on the mirror, a dirty towel re-folded and placed with the fresh towels...On the surface, everything looks wonderful and clean. Just be aware to check the cleanliness of your room if you plan to stay here.	
Dec 1 2008 	Weekend get away	I reserved a room at the Palmer House for a one night get-away, as part of a gift to my husband for our one year anniversary. We went to check in at the lobby at approximately 8pm. The clerk said that our room was not ready, which we were very surprised to hear, especially at that late hour.I forgot that I had written in that it was our anniversary upon reserving the room. She left to check on the status of our room, and when she came back, she let us know that she had good news, she was able to upgrade us to a suite! All of the suites had been recently renovated. It was on the 16th Floor.Upon arriving at the suite, it was one of the nicest suites that we had ever stayed in. We were almost sad that we couldn't share it with friends while we were there.I have uploaded pics of the suite.We had a HUGE living room with several couches, ottomans, chaise lounges, table, chairs, flat screen tv. etc. A dining room area with seating for 8, inlcuding a wet bar, 2 bath rooms, and a bedroom.	
Dec 1 2008 	Beautiful hotel.	The hotel was beautiful.Very busy but check-in went smooth.We received a older room witch i was not happy about ,i ask for a room on a remodeled floor.,and they gave me a big corner room that was awesome.They were happy to do so and did it in a timely manner .If you choose to stay here ask for a remodeled room.Hotel is close to everything .Subway stations right outside.	
Dec 1 2008 	Convenient hotel	Several family members stayed at the Palmer House Hilton for the Thanksgiving weekend. The hotel was very pretty and well-maintained. It is convenient to all things Chicago - the eL, the Art Institute &amp; Millennium Park, State Street shopping, Michigan Avenue, etc. The buses run right in front of the hotel if you don't want to walk to the Magnificent Mile.I would stay there again but would hope for a different room. The bathroom in ours was incredibly small and we only had a view of other hotel rooms. We also had a regular tv while other rooms come with flat-panel tvs. The last day of our stay we had no hot water, but the engineer came up and fixed it immediately. He and the rest of the staff were very friendly.I do agree with another poster who mentioned that they nickel and dime you. It was $25 to check in early, $25 or $50 to check out late, depending on how late, $12 for Internet, etc. Valet parking is $45 per day. The early check-in fee was the thing that really bugged me. Check in is 3 PM and check out is 11 AM. That being said, I would stay there again.	
Nov 27 2008 	Lobby is lovely the hotel is noisy!	The hotel lobby is beautiful. We enjoyed having a drink and listening to the live band play during cocktail hour.We walked around the entire hotel, the ballrooms are beautiful.We had a good dinner at, Lockwood, the hotel restaurant.We'd recommend the filet mignon. The pool is very small and was very crowded both times we went. The smell of chlorhine was overwhelming.We stayed on the 13th floor facing Monroe Street.The room had 2 double beds, they were comfortable.The bathroom was very small. The door missed touching the toilet by an inch!The biggest drawback for us was the noise from the El Train, all night long. It was VERY loud. The hotel has thin walls, as we could hear our neigbhors tv, conversations and bathrooms.If you like it quiet, do not stay at the Palmer House!	
Nov 27 2008 	Magnificent Lobby	I stayed at the Palmer House Hilton for a couple of nights, while I was on business in Chicago. It has a fantastic location, close to Chicago attractions. The lobby of the hotel is a work of art, and well worth a visit on its own. I had a great room - large and furnished with high quality products. My only disappointment was that when the tea kettle's plug was stuck behind the heavy piece of furniture and I could not move it to get the plug out, despite my repeated calls to the front desk it took over an hour and even then they did not show up. Every 5 minutes they would tell me that someone would be there momentarily, so it ended up wasting an hour of my time. Finally, when no one showed up, I went down to the reception to complain. The manager apologized and offered a $25 gift certificate to the lobby restaurant as compensation for the inconvenience. Again, the lobby is beautiful, historical, and whimsical, and the location is terrific.	
Nov 26 2008	Was disappointed in Palmer House Hilton	We stayed at this hotel because my grandson had an interview with a colleg in dontown Chicago. This hotel was recommended by the school It is a very attractive hotel Walking in and out you are always blasted by stong gusts of wind. Minor complaint. I asked the front desk , on the day of departure if we could check-out 11/2 hours later than scheduled time.. She said yes but there would be a $25.00 fee. I have traveled and lived all over the world, NEVER has any hotel asked for a fee for late departure. The answer is no or yes. I thought it was cheap and insuling considering the class of this hotel. I left with a very bad impression of this place, very ungracious in their treatment of guests!	
Nov 21 2008 	Needs to be much better	I checked in to my room which was really small. I'm an Honors gold card holder and this room was on a dedicated Honors floor so thhis can't be the worst they have. There was just a bed and a desk in the room - no comfortable chair, no table for room service to be placed upon. When they deliver your room service breakfast they put it on the bed. The size of the bathroom was worse still.The room was only clean on the surface. Jutting out from underneath the bed was a blood stained towel and a large a amount of trash. These remained for the first two of the four nights I stayed there - as did the hairclips on the carpet.Room service breakfast took 50 minutes to arrive one morning. I called Guest Relations to tell them this and to let them know that there was no hot water in my bathroom. They just said they'd fix the water (which they did) but no word of an apology on either count. On other occasions when I called Guest Relations the phone remained unanswered.One evening I tried to use the pool. The Guest services Directory in the room was empty, the advert for the spa in the elevator told you this was on the 5th floor but it turns out its actually on the 8th floor. I went to the Spa reception on the 8th floor and the receptionist there directed me to the 7th for the pool. On the 7th there is a door to the pool and one toilet cubicle- no changing facility or showers. I retunred to the 8th floor and they told me I could access the pool form there (where there were proper locker rooms) but that 'I wouldn't be able to get back'. I said this was crazy - they agreed, but again did nothing further to help - so don't plan to use the pool because, although it is newly renovated and looking good, this is impossible apparently.On checking out I joined the Honors line. It didn't move and no effort was made to clear it. After 15 minutes I joined the main line which, although slow, moved eventually. The automatic doors to enter and leave the property also move way too slowly - really irritating after a number of days staying there.The newly renovated public areas of this hotel look great - the bar etc., but I really cant think of anything else that I enjoyed about my stay.This is the first time I've ever rated a Hilton property as 'terrible'. Why spend millions renovating a great building like this and then neglect service so badly? There are way better places to stay in Chicago and, after my four nighs at the Palmer House this week, I'll be using them in future.	
Nov 21 2008	Reservation Rate Sham	In September of this year, my wife and I used the Palmer House's hotel reservation website to book a stay with check-in December 4 and check- out December 7. On September 29, 2008, we received a confirmation e-mail from the Palmer House confirming a &quot;bed-and-breakfast&quot; rate of $269.00 per night.On November 17, we realized that we needed to arrive in Chicago a day earlier on December 3. We phoned the Palmer House reservation office and requested a room for December 3 and noted that we already had reservations for December 4 to 7. My wife was told that since we were &quot;changing our reservation,&quot; the confirmed rate of $269 per night was no longer applicable and that it would now cost us $289 per night for the entire stay. My wife explained that she understood why the cost for December 3 mught be more but not why the dates of December 4 to 7 as the rate for those dates had been confirmed by the hotel previously. After further discussion, my wife asked for the reservationist's manager. I spoke with the manager and he confirmed that we could not simply add a day to our reservation because we were changing our entire reservation. He then told me that the rate would now be $329 per night for our entire stay! So, in less than two minutes, the rate had now increased another $40 per night. The only excuses for the increases in price for the room per night we received were: &quot;the system does not allow us to give you the rate you originally booked;&quot; and &quot;you are changing your reservation.&quot; We simply cancelled our reservation and have booked elsewhere for our stay.The staff we spoke to were perfectly polite. However, there was no interest whatsoever in attempting to keep our business or work with us. The staff was not able to explain (when asked) why it would be different if we had simply hung up the phone and either called back or e-mailed a new reservation for December 3 which would have then resulted in only one day increase in rate for our stay (we understood that we might have to change rooms between December 3 and 4). For a venerable hotel to have policies such as these and apparently no interest in treating customers satisfactorily is a true disappointment. The Palmer House will never receive our business as a result of this experience.	
Nov 21 2008 	Good Hotel	Nice hotel, good location, I got a good deal on Priceline that made my stay a bargain, but the hotel would not have been worth the rack rate. Priceline rated it a 4 star, but I would give it 3 1/2 stars at best, based on the condition of the carpet, somewhat thin walls and ordinary bathrobe (which itself was by special request only). My advice; ask for a renovated room, away from the noisy El. I did and was given a large comfortable room on the &quot;quiet&quot; side of the property. The Blue line train from O'hare, drops you off within a block of the hotel, where you are close to the El and free trolley. However, to get to the better restaurants and shopping areas you will have to walk or take some form of transportation north, about 1/2 mile or more.	
Nov 16 2008	Good hotel but some rooms are very small	I stayed at the Palmer house for a few days for a conference at the hotel.Pros: Stunning, historic public spaces. Prompt service (bag check, front desk, luggage check, concierge, etc.). Don't be put off by what may appear like a daunting line-up: This is an enormous hotel, but they seem to have lots of very professional staff to cope with lots of clients. Good location in the loop, with great access to public transit (all subway/el lines are accessible within a couple of blocks). Room was nicely decorated. Food was fine, though nothing special. Conference services appeared good--I liked the fact that they seemed to have a lot of staff just hanging out to direct people.Cons: My &quot;standard&quot; room was very, very small: The rooms was narrow enough that the closet door barely cleared the end of the double bed when it opened. If having a small space is a problem for you, I would either book a larger room or go elsewhere.	
Nov 13 2008 	Not Four star Services	We stayed at this hotel Nov.3-6, it was booked through Priceline as 4 star in the loop. Lobby and public places beautiful and historic, but rooms very varied and not as nice as other hotels with same rating. The worse part of this hotel is they nickel and dime you to death. Very expensive charge for internet in your room and lobby. No coffee makers or fridge in rooms, and coffee not available in lobby without purchasing a styrofoam cup for $2. It is a great location, but after two years receiving this hotel after bidding I think I'll have to make sure we try a different hotel on our next visit.	
Nov 11 2008 	A reasonable hotel if you happen to get via Hotwire or Priceline	We stayed at this hotel for a night. Positive points: location is great, 2 mins from Art Institute, Millenium park etc. We got the room on hotwire for 89 + taxes, so it was a good value. Otherwise, this is a type of a hotel which pretends to be expensive, but (virtually) everything is done with rather bad taste. So, it is not worth its 'standard' 200-smth price, at least from my pov. Anyway, rooms were clean, beds were convenient, no noise, so no real complaints. Service was also OK. Breakfast was not particularly good and somewhat pricey (smth like 15 for an omlette), but you can go to smaller places around. There is an official parking for the hotel, one block from the hotel, $25 a night. Again, if you are not going to use your car when in Chicago, you can probably find a cheaper parking around (but you will not be able to re-enter it). Internet, as you would expect in upper range hotels in US, is not free too -- about 16 and no wifi (cable). Maybe you can find rooms with a nice view, but our room did not have one (probably if you pay full fee you will get better rooms?).	
Nov 5 2008	Wonderful experience all the way around	We stayed at The Palmer House for three nights. The lobby is huge and beautiful. The check in was quick, we had called ahead requesting a room with two beds and were very pleased that was honored. We were put on floor 22 which is the executive level. We didn't have the noise issues that others have mentioned except in the bathroom were you can hear your upstairs neighbors through the wall vent. If you are put on one of the executive floors that has nice perks that go along with it. Hopefully I can post a full trip report in a few days.	
Nov 3 2008 	Horrible service someone on the staff stole from me	I was in Chicago with two friends for a class. We knew we wanted to stay downtown so I booked this hotel through priceline's name your own price. While we were gone, our toilet overflowed and it was fixed by the staff but our carpet was still wet when we got back from class that evening. We also discovered that my ipod had been taken from the table in our room. The only people who had been in our room that day were the hotel staff so it had to be one of them who took it. We called the front desk multiple times to fix both problems and security was quick to start an investigation but the maintenance staff never cam to talk to us about our toilet or our wet carpet. The front desk and security said that maintenance was on their way to our room but they never came. Nothing was done until I went to the front desk and spoke to them sternly and even then they only gave us gift certificates for room service. It is a very nice hotel but the staff treated us badly.	
Nov 2 2008 	Redeemed!	The Palmer House Hilton is among my favourite Chicago hotels again. After a few negative experiences with customer service over the past couple years, I had chosen to stay elsewhere on my four or five visits to Chicago a year. For a last minute trip we received this hotel thru a blind booking service, and I am so glad we were able to give it another chance.Of course there were never issues with quality and cleanliness of the rooms and the location is ideal for most downtown attractions and right off of the el for others. It appears the renovations are complete and the redesign of the rooms is refreshing.The courteous and professional service we received lasted thru every encounter from check in to check out, from bell service to housekeeping. We did not require concierge service, but as we walked by there were two smiling attendants available. The return to attention to their guests' needs was obvious and I commend them on the improvement!	
Oct 29 2008 	Enjoyable stay in Chicago	I stayed for four nights in the hotel in late October. I was concerned after reading some of the earlier reviews. On arrival in the hotel the lobby resembled a train station, a conference group were checking in - once we got to reception the staff were very efficient. The rooms were spacious, comfortable and clean the only issue was the paper thin walls. It would also be a good idea for the hotel to provide tea and coffee making facilities in the rooms. The hotel is very central; Michigan Avenue, State Street and the Navy Pier are all within walking distance. I would have no hesitation with recommending this hotel in particular for the magnificent lobby a great place to watch the world go by!!Staff are helpful, bar food limited but good, location excellent. Ceilings in the lobby are magnificent only issue is the lack of sound proofing in the rooms.	
Oct 29 2008 	Newly Remodeled Rooms!	We booked this room off a website, named our own price, and got it for $80 a night, plus tax. We got 2 rooms. Check-in took a bit long, but the woman checking us in was trying to find connecting rooms, so I didn't mind at all. We got joining rooms on the 12th floor, both rooms had 2 double beds. We got the rooms that have been recently renovated, thankfully! I stayed here 2 years ago, and the rooms were really outdated, so this was a BIG improvement. The rooms are a bit small, but you don't notice it due to the decorating. I don't know how to put it into words, but the rooms were just nice! They are something that you would want in your own home. It doesn't really feel like a hotel at all. The bathrooms were also nice. Both were different sizes though. I took picture of both, so you can see the difference. But again, it's not that major of a deal.Checking out and getting the cars from valet was my only problem with the service. The other room had checked out earlier and gone to get their car first, and called up 20 minutes later telling us to call before you get down here, because it takes forever to get the cars. So, I checked us out and called the extension on the valet ticket. The person on the other line told me that I had to go to the front desk to have the ticket validated before they can get the car. Ok, so I went to the front desk and when I got up to the desk and explained the &quot;situation&quot;, the woman behind the desk just looked at me confused. Then she asked for the ticket number and said that the vehicle has already been picked up... hmmm. After a couple of questions and being totally confused by her, she finally found out that the car has been called for (when I origannly called for it in the first place). I walked away to wait for the car then.I'm still confused as to what happened and it still doesn't make sense, but all in all, it was a nice stay. Nobody was rude, they just need to improve on communication.	
Oct 26 2008 	Good Hotel Nice Location	Every city has a key hotel which has been around for years. For example, the Shelbourne in Dublin, Ireland is one of these hotels known for its rich history and extravagance. The Palmer House Hilton is very nice, especially the lobby. But, it's one of those &quot;key&quot; hotels of the city. I think the hotel is expensive, but all Chicago hotels are expensive.The location is good. You're next to the El as well as the subway lines. Close to the Magnificent Mile, Sears tower and the lake. If you stay here, check out Berghoff's restaurant (or cafe). Authentic German food.I would stay again if on someone else's dime!	
Oct 24 2008 	Great stay at the Palmer House!	My husband and I stayed here for one night on Oct 17th. We paid only $70 through Priceline and I loved the hotel for the price. Check in was a breeze and took about 2 minutes. We were able to get into our room around noon, which was nice. The room was beautiful and looked like it had been recently renovated. Yes, it's small but it was not a problem for 2 of us for only one week. The location is good. It's a great place to stay if you're in town for Jersey Boys (probably a 3 minute walk) and it's very close to the big Macy's and Millenium Park. The walk to Michigan Ave shopping was a hike but doable. It took about 20 minutes. &quot;The Gage&quot; is an Irish pub about 3 blocks away with a GREAT brunch.	
Oct 23 2008 	Beautiful!	The Palmer House was beautiful. We were in town for the Chicago Hair Show and this was the only place left to stay. Boy, we sure LOVED it!! It took me back in time. The room was recently renovated and had a wonderful color palate. The carpet was new and gorgeous. The concierge was wonderful in helping us choose a restaurant and anything else we needed help with, as our tub did back up with water. That is my only complaint about the whole place. There was a great restaurant just around the corner, I actually think they called it the Corner cafe?! Anyway we ate there every morning and had lunch there a few times as well. I would highly urge you to stay there and we'll stay there again next year if we go to the show!!	
Oct 21 2008 	Great Locations	Stayed there on the 9th - 10th Oct 08 leading up to the Chicago Marathon. read the review and thought it sounded and looked good so went ahead to book it on hotwire.com When we arrived we pleased with the locations of the hotel as was only about a 1-2 blocks away from N.Michagan Ave main street to go up and down on!! Easy to walk to the hilton where we got the bus to the chicago marathon expo!! Had dinner in the restaurant down in the lobby area and it was fantastic!! extremely high quality food at a reasonable price for us	
Oct 19 2008 	No Broadband connection!	Chicago was mostly sold out the weekend I stopped so ended up here. On Exec floor, room was good and bed very comfy, bathroom small.However Exec lounge dingy and no view outside. Valet parking worked well. However no broadband! I was very surprised and disapointed. I thought all Hiltons had Internet.	
Oct 19 2008 	A huge disappointment	Don't waste your hard earned money here. Service is abysmal, or rather, non-existent. The rooms are the size of prison cells and not clean. Garbage in our room when we checked in, no coffee maker, no doorman to help with bags or taxis, manager hung up when we complained about the garbage in the room. Employees don't care about customers. Overall a huge disappointment. This is supposed to be a full service hotel, but more like a motel 6 at $250/night. Total rip off.	
Oct 17 2008 	Nice if you really want to stay downtown	The Palmer House is one of the historic hotels in Chicago, and it is nice. The bed was good, everything was as clean as could be expected, but the hotel is noisy. You can hear everything that goes on in the corridor and vice versa - not very good.I found myself on 22nd floor with access to the executive lounge and breakfast, which I do not recall reserving. Breakfast there was nice - but &quot;deluxe&quot; as the hotel claims: No way! Two kinds of juice, three kinds of fruit and some danish, and that was all, nothing exceptional at all!Would I stay there again? No, I would choos to be in the Near North or in the Lincoln Park area, where there is more life after working hours. But If you want to stay in the loop, then Palmer House is fine, although by no means luxury experience.	
Oct 16 2008 	Birthday Weekend	Just returned from a weekend stay at The Palmer House and I must say I got a great price through priceline.The room was spacious with a king bed. Really only slept at the hotel did not spend any time actually in the hotel other than to sleep. The only drawback to driving a vechicle in downtown Chicago is parking, what a hassle, and very costly. I would definently stay at the Palmer House again but would not pay full price.	
Oct 14 2008 	adequate	With so many good hotels in Chicago (Ritz-Carlton, Sofitel, Park Hyatt etc) you would have to have a very good reason to stay in this rather disappointing flagship of the Hilton group.The refit which is nearing completion may have restored some of the original features but in the process the lobby, with its magnificent ceiling, has been left a little like a train station lobby complete with escalators.The room sizes vary greatly. In my group one person had a very large room with a sofa whilst I was left with a modest sized room largely taken up by the double bed (queen sized).A few gripes include filthy towels, even dirtier bath, no mini-bar or fridge, expensive internet ($20) and message light that would not go off.On the plus side, the position in much better than the other Chicago Hilton (although the rooms have no decent views), the decor is fresh, the bath amenities nice and the bed comfortable. Breakfast was nice although other than the buffet, there was only a very limited choice. Service was generally good especially in the bar which was lively.Overall it is an adequate hotel but there are much better in Chicago, often for the same money.	
Oct 12 2008 	European splendor	beautiful place with European charm. No complaints, great location, (never like parking in Chicago, though). It was $35 a night next door. Large beautiful lobby, a touch of class. Fantastic location for downtown, Navy Pier, and the great Grant Park(Millenium Park, too)...Loved it.	
Oct 9 2008	Excellent remodel of a Chicago Loop classic	I stayed here for 3 nights on a business trip. This property is near completion of a $170 million refit, and it shows. Hotel front desk staff was friendly and helpful including desk and concierces. Desk attendant went out of her way to provide a free upgrade to an enormous apartment-like suite complete with dining table, living room, wet bar with fridge, two newly remodeled bathrooms, flat panel TV, king bed, walk in closet, etc. (I am Hilton Honors Gold). This is an older hotel with a wide variety of rooms, some of which are closet sized, unlike my immense suite.The all-new, &quot; hip&quot; living room furniture is a little strange-looking and not that comfortable, but the lush king size bed was great. My 9th floor, end-of-hall suite was just above the &quot;EL&quot; facing Wabash Street but well soundproofed and reasonably quiet. The bathrooms were modern and clean. Several decent restaurants withing walking distance, unbeatable central loop location with walking distance to most major Chicago landmarks and attractions, between Wabash and State. Free breakfast and executive club access for Honors members. Expensive parking, $33 per night (typical Chicago).	
Oct 6 2008 	Adequate	Stayed at the Palmer House for a training class that was help on premise.The lobby is beautiful! Kind of a weird layout with a lounge in the middle of it but beautiful nonetheless. The check in was quick and the staff members were very polite..everything was great and then I got to my room.It was TINY! Like closet tiny! I cannot possibly stress how small it was! Then I looked at the bathroom, it was even smaller! I could use the toilet, start my shower and wash my hands in the sink at the same time! I felt like I was back in my college dorm with a better bed! I was not impressed but I was on the government's dime so I decided not to gripe.This hotel is in a great location! The red line is practically outside the front doors! There is also a nice pub right around the other side of the building that had great food and a fun atmosphere.My fellow attendees did not have the same gripes about their rooms so I assumed there rooms were not as bad as mine.This is a cool, old hotel with friendly staff, a great location, and lots of history...just make sure you don't get the tiny room :)	
Oct 1 2008 	Wonderful Service	Had to bring my new puppy with me on a business trip and stayed at the Palmer House. The service was wonderful, staff was very friendly towards dog owners, even stopped to tell me how nice my dog was. Easy access to red line from Midway. Valets were prompt at retrieving car (they recommended calling down in advance we did and the car was there waiting).	
Sep 29 2008 	Not what I expected	Upon arriving at the Palmer House, I was stunned at the rushed atmosphere. It took us a few minutes to get oriented with the lobby itself, as there is a multitude of foot traffic going either direction at any given time. After finally arriving at the check in desk, we were greeted rather impersonal. The man stayed on the phone the entire time he checked us in (which I found to be not only rude to us, but also to the people trying to carry on a conversation on the other end). We again had to reorientate as the lobby area was filled with &quot;cocktailers&quot; on business trips (which did not bother me, but did make it a bit difficult to navigate through with our bags). I will add that the ambiance on this level was absolutely spectacular. It definitely takes you back a century, and is phenomenal to take in. We arrived on the 17th floor only to find that our room key didn't work. Had we not been on the El, and carrying our bags with us, it wouldn't have been so frustrating, but we were worn out, and ready to drop our bags, shower, and regroup. My husband left me with the bags, and waited so patiently on the elevator that seemed to take FOREVER to reach our floor. Eventually he returned, and it turned out that the gentleman at the front desk had assigned us the wrong room. Imagine my surprise...(as he paid NO attention to what he was doing in the first place!) We got into our room, and it was clean, but not eclectic or modern in any way. Still the old TV. A decent sized bathroom. The room itself was very small, but if you're only staying a couple of days, then it is manageable. Don't expect the typical Chicago boutique experience in this hotel. It's hustle and bustle is at it's best. Concierge is pleasant, but not overly friendly. Efficiency seems key, not friendliness. We did have cocktails, apps ,and desserts in the hotel restaurant and really enjoyed those. We would only return if it was a great price that we couldn't beat.	
Sep 27 2008 	nice hotel	It is a nice hotel on Monroe Street, close to the art institute of Chicago, and to the magnificent mile, the lobby is precious, the rooms are very comfortable, the best is the people on the conserje course, they had all the information on CTA and the most important places to go. The bad, it is not a free hotel, and they charge you for fitness $18 every day and $ 30 for internet access.	
Sep 27 2008 	Old Comfy Hotel	A very nice comy old Chicago Hotel (Mark Twain hosted the opening party). Staff very efficient helping with luggage and check-in. Our room had two bathrooms.The hotel restaurant is OK for breakfast though the Corner Bakery on the same block is cheaper. My wife and I stayed for two nights and treated ourself to dinner in the Lockwood restaurant one night - $190 for two but it was very nice. The other night we went to the Berghoff restaurant on the next block - another old Chicago institution.	
Sep 26 2008 	Could do better	We stayed in the Palmer House Hilton for 2 nights as part of our honeymoon trip. I had reserved a King Size room on the Executive floor. I had forgotten this at the time of checking in. When we checked in they said we were in a Queen. We asked if we could be moved to a King and they said no - the hotel was fully booked. Luggage up to room which was ok but the two Queen size beds seemed quite small. I found our reservation which specifically said King Size and my husband took this down to reception. Magically a King Size room appeared (even though they claimed to be fully booked). No apology. No offer to send someone to help us move our bags. The King Size room was nice though and quite big. On the Executive Floor breakfast is included, and it has it's own area for breakfast. It is pretty poor. It was a free for all and nothing was replaced or topped up. I don't think the Executive floor is actually worth is because the service isn't any better than you'd get in the rest of the hotel. We paid an had breakfast in the main restaurant the next morning and it was so much better. All in all it was ok but I expected much better. The hotel itself is nice but the service let it down. No-one went out of their way to help and they seemed like they couldn't be bothered.	
Sep 24 2008	Beautiful Historic Hotel - currently under construction	Palmer House Hilton is an absolutely beautiful historic hotel downtown Chicago, very close to the famous Buckingham Fountain, about 1-1.5 miles away from the Navy Pier. You can walk to the shore, we even walked all the way to the Navy Pier. Interior is breathtaking with intricate details, gold carvings, murals, etc. but unfortunately, right now it's under construction, which makes getting to and from the hotel a bit uncomfortable - traffic congestion and one entrance is completely closed. The rooms are VERY nice and comfortable. Service is good, they even did not put a hold on my credit card for security deposit when I asked them, which I thought was great. To get to nice restaurants, you need to go toward the Navy Pier, there is nothing in the immediate vicinity if you don't count the hotel restaurant, but otherwise great hotel and great location.	
Sep 18 2008 	Beautiful hotel under renovation	We stayed at the Palmer House Hilton in June for a girls' weekend. Our room was lovely and looked recently redecorated. It was also very large and we comfortably set up a cot with room to spare. However, some parts of the hotel were under renovation at the time and the second bathroom in our room was completely closed. The bathtub in our room plugged up and we had to wait over an hour for them to come fix it, and only after we made a second phone call. When the renovations are done I'm sure it will be a lovely hotel, but we were a little disappointed in the service we received. On the bright side it's in an excellent location, within walking distance to many Chicago attractions.	
Sep 14 2008 	Absolutely Fantastic Stay	Had a fantastic stay in the Palmer House hotel, stayed for a week in August 08, staff were so nice and helpful, location was brilliant, our room was just beautiful, so clean and comfortable , pure luxury, l thoroughly enjoyed my stay at this hotel and would highly recommend it to anyone.	
Sep 14 2008 	It was...nice	Stayed at this hotel for a few days when I was in town for a conference.Pros:- beautiful lobby-great service-good room service food (they brought me milk for no charge)- great location!Cons: -incredibly expensive internet that isn't even wireless...I didn't bother paying for it...it's like 12 bucks a day and up...not worth it...do what someone else said and go to the corner bakery around the corner and use their free internet...-the room service was a bit pricey (I ordered a late dinner and breakfast during my stay) but was on time...-one entrance is blocked because of the construction they are doing - they won't let you check-in early...- poor cell phone reception in the lobby area..except for near the main elevators...guess where I was forced to wait for check-in?-housekeeping came so early in the morning...earlier than I have ever had them come in any hotel	
Sep 9 2008 	Super Location Great Service Good Price (for Chicago!)	My husband and I took the train to Chicago for Valentine's Day and his birthday. We arrived before check in time, but the friendly bellman told us to go ahead to registration as he was sure they would be able to put us in a room right away. We were so impressed by the magnificent lobby! The woman at registration was very kind and found us a room. However, when we unlocked the door, another guest was standing there (fortunately fully clothed); he had arranged for a late departure but something had obviously been confused. Back down to registration we went, and the same woman apologized profusely and bumped us up to a more expensive room in the towers 'for our trouble'. The room was large (although the original room we were to have was a good size too), nicely decorated, and had the most comfortable bed I've slept in outside of my own home. At this level, breakfast was provided as well as a hearty afternoon buffet of munchies. We had a wonderful weekend and were within walking distance of the Art Institute, great shopping, and our choice of excellent restaurants. Whenever we needed a cab, Palmer House employees were there to assist us. We were never treated with anything less than courtesy and consideration, and look forward with pleasure to another visit.	
Sep 9 2008 	Construction!	I got a $99 deal from Hotwire to stay here. Which I was excited about until I saw all of the construction on an entire outer side of the hotel. The EL line outside of the other entrance was also under construction. Once we dodged all of the construction and made our way to the actual check in area, we didn't have any problems. We got a king size room which was pretty average. The lobby is beautiful, but everything else is what you would expect for $99 a night. Glad I didn't pay rack rate. Excellent location, staff was friendly, rooms are not sound proof. Bachelorette party coming in across the hall at 2:30am should have been made aware of that.	
Sep 8 2008 	Staying here made my vacation better and easier.	Great experience from check in to check out (just a phone call from the room). Kathy at the concierge desk gave us GREAT tips -she knows her stuff ! Take my advice - take the Greyline tour. There's a PC in lobby to check flights/print boarding passes. The restaurant food is delicious. Location is perfect forcatching taxis, city bus, train, walking, shopping, eating or seeing shows. Rooms are clean. Everyone was polite and helpful. So many positives outweigh the thin walls.	
Sep 7 2008	Over Priced Hotel in Chicago	Palmer House Hilton in Downtown Chicago, ILDate: Labor Day Weekend 2008Reviewer: Couple from Louisville, KY going to have fun for the weekend!The hotel is historic and beautiful! But beware when the first thing they ask you when you check in is, &quot;Would you like to upgrade your room for $55.00 a nite ?&quot; Our room was very expensive to begin with, but in a great location for us. The size of the room was fine, but for an expensive hotel it had just a full size bed! There was plenty of room for a queen size, but they want you to upgrade for the $55.00! to get a queen size bed. Also wifi was $18.00 a day...in the UPS buisness center they charged by the 15 minutes to use the internet. The pool was closed and the gym cost $18.00 a day! This hotel just kept having charges for every little thing. They are plenty of hotels in downtown Chicago in great locations that include all of these extras in the nightly room fee. I will be choosing one of them next time!	
Sep 7 2008 	Pleased with the Palmer House	Renovation in progress looks to be very nice. Our room appeared to be recently renovated, with superficial changes only in the bathroom. Room also lacked flat screen TV, but was well-appointed in a sort of homages to the 1940s. Can't complain about the service.	
Sep 5 2008 	Got engaged in Chicago stayed here staff were amazing!	Stayed here in the winter, although a 10 min walk from Michigan Mile it was still a great and accesable location. The lobby area is stunning altough it can be quite busy, but definately a nice atmosphere. The staff were great, they helped me with my plans to propose and arranged for balloons and champagne etc to be put in our room whilst we were out. Definately worth staying here!	
Sep 4 2008 	Don t count on service!	We booked the hotel with Southwest vacations.The hotel is beautiful and nicely located.The rooms are moderns, the bathroom are a bit small.The worst experience was the noise, you can hear everything that is happening in the hallway! We got to change room cause ours was right in front of the elevators and we could hear people chatting and coming back at 2am...Checking was very long and not pleasant, only one person was attending a line of 12 people...Even though they changed our room we had to make numerous calls to get it done, our luggage was moved and our key disconnected without us being notified, spent another half an hour at front desk to find out what was our new room.Service is definitly average and rude	
Sep 2 2008 	Great Location Beautiful Well Taken Care of	We booked this room through Hotwire, always unsure of what to expect. But we were pleasantly surprised! The location was outstanding, close to the Lake, close to shopping, within walking distance of everything. Not to mention the train stop is right there. The room was a bit small, but not too bad for a 2 night stay. The front desk was a bit hasty with working with us on the accomodations, but we expected that due to booking through Hotwire. We also had a problem with obtaining the free toiletries, but it all worked out in the end. Overall, I would DEFINITELY stay here again and will suggest to all my friends. Athough, beware of the prices of the drinks at the bar in the lobby...$24 for two vodka/tonics. EEK!	
Sep 2 2008 	Resting On Their Laurels	There is no hotel with a more beautiful lobby or a more august history than the Palmer House Hilton in Chicago. However, guests don't sleep in the lobby, and heritage is no substitute for customer service. From the moment my wife and I arrived, we were made to feel as if the Palmer House Hilton was doing us a big, fat favor by letting us stay there. The doormen and bellmen ignored us, and the desk clerks were indifferent about serving us. When I asked the bartender for change for a fifty, he flatly refused, uttering something that sounded &quot;Small bank! I have small bank!&quot; Our room was cramped, with a bathroom even more so; the toilet paper dispenser only had the final remnants of a single roll when we arrived. As far as the furnishings, the word &quot;adequate&quot; is appropriate, but given the reputation of this hotel, we had been led to expect better. Our room had nothing to distinguish it from a typical Best Western or Country Inn &amp; Suites, except for the fact that it was smaller, and the bathroom didn't even have a curved shower curtain rod. Also disappointing was a general attitude of &quot;charge 'em for the lights, extra for the mice, two percent for looking in the mirror twice.&quot; We ended up spending thirty dollars for high-speed internet over two days. We booked on Priceline.com, so the room itself was 112 dollars a night, a spectacular price for downtown Chicago; simply put, we got what we paid for. Do yourself a favor, fellow traveler: Stay at the Monaco where your room will be extravagant and the staff will see that you're treated like a guest rather than an imposition. If the fact that Charles Dickens never stayed at the Monaco is a problem for you, walk three blocks to the Palmer and check out the lobby. Just don't ask the bartender for change.	
Sep 2 2008 	Nice lobby small and outdated rooms...	I stayed here for 3 nights over labor day weekend and had an OK experience. The rooms were pretty small and seemed outdated. The bathroom was pretty small as well, with very little amentities. The lobby was very nice as was the fitness center, however, they charge $18 a day for the fitness center which was not indicated anywhere on the website and a BIG disappointment. The hotel is very centrally located and the red line is right outside. I would recommend this hotel on a tight budget, but don't expect much more than the basics.	
Aug 31 2008 	Busy Busy Busy Excellent	We spent a week here on out US Trip. I was informed it was a busy hotel, and it indeed was. No doubt the busiest Hilton l have stayed at anywhere in the world.Be that as it may, we were welcomed everywhere from reception to the door staff.The rooms were ok, but the position was indeed excellent.They say it is quieter on Friday anmd Saturday. Maybe.I have no complaints whatsoever, and would recommend that you take a drink in the exquisite louge.You are in walking distance for nearly everything.Excellent value.	
Aug 30 2008 	Historic in renovation good location great price	This old hotel is being restored to grandeur. The lobby, bar, and restaurants are great. The rooms are in good repair, basic still. You cant beat the location and price. The concierge service was the best we have ever experienced.	
Aug 26 2008 	Old world elegance.	The Palmer House Chicago is a wonderful option for those visiting Chicago and would like to take a step back in time. The lobby of the hotel is the finest I have ever visited and is adorned with gold leaf nearly everywhere you look.The room was on the small size, but perfectly acceptable considering the age and style of the property. The bellman was extremely nice to chat with and assisted me with my luggage; however, on the way out of the hotel I was subject to a patronizing remark by one of the baggage attendants.Other than this slight miscue, everything at the Hilton Palmer House was world class and very much worth a visit while in Chicago.	
Aug 25 2008 	Location great Rooms not so much	I read all of the reviews and decided to be open minded. The hotel is still under renovation and the main entrance is currently on Wabash. I was assigned a room on the 19th floor and because of a previous experience with a hotel and a fire alarm situation I asked to be located on a lower floor. My new room was on the 9th floor. I knew before hand that the hotel did not provide a coffee maker (hello, this is 2008!) but was informed that guests could rent one for the duration of their stay. (No Longer true). I brought instant coffee and creamer with me (Yuck). Supposedly a Starbucks is moving in on the first level soon. My room was very small, I mean small! The bathroom door opened up to the toilet. Also my closet door did not close. The view from my window was a iron clad wall and I had to pin my curtains shut to close them all the way. The staff was cordial, especially the bellhop and the Lockwood (hotel restaurant) bartender. The location can't be beat but if you have breathing problems you might consider staying somewhere else because of the taxi congestion and the hotel being situated directly next to/ slightly under the &quot;L&quot;.	
Aug 24 2008 	Best Location in the City!	We got a steal on our room at the Palmer House Hilton this year! Booking with Priceline's bid made it cheaper than chain motels on the outskirts of town.The hotel's lobby is gorgeous. We were lucky enough to stay in a brand new room. It's not a huge room, but it's definitely comfortable (and the toiletteries are Crabtree &amp; Evelyn which I adore)!But the best thing about this hotel is the central location. It's walking distance from Buckingham Fountain, The Mag Mile, the Art Institute and every one of Chicago's free trolley lines.We enjoyed our week long stay very much!	
Aug 19 2008 	Don't be fooled by Hilton name	Amazing decor, nice historic hotel. It could be a great hotel if managed properly...The main problem is the attitude of the staff. They are unfriendly, obnoxious, indifferent. I am not talking about housekeeping (who were relatively friendly) but about reception, concerge, and business center staff who behaved like doing a big favor by paying attention to you. As HHonors diamond VIP (which is Hilton highest tier - so I obviously stay quite a bit in Hiltons ) I just cannot recall being treated with such attitude anywhere in the world. I don't know whether the problem is due to the lack of training, or hotel hirig polices, or due to racial tensions in Chicago (I am coming from Canada where these are virtually non-existent). Hotel doesn't have adequate security, with easy access from the street arcade everyone can enter the elevators unnoticed. Coming back from dinner, I ended up riding the elevator with vomit smelling street drunk who was sporadically pressing all buttons . When raised this issue with reception, I received an answer that they cannot put steel barriers to prevent people from entering the building...?And speaking of elevators, be prepared to wait for an elevator for about 10 min in the morning and about 5 min the rest of the day. I guess it's the price of staying in historic building :-)Yet, the hotel lobby is fantastic and room decoration is really good. I don't regret staying in this hotel (apparently, it is longest running hotel in North America) but the service is certainly not up to Hilton standards.And BTW, be aware that health club is only free if you are diamond VIP member.	
Aug 18 2008 	Very nice renovated hotel-solid 4 star!	This hotel is beautifully renovated.The lounge/lobby is really something to behold. I have stayed at this hotel twice for business and was impressed. Although it is super busy, it is also very private and quiet. Be sure to ask for a renovated room. Everything is clean, grand and busy! I highly recommend it for business and for visitors to the city. For those travelers (see below) that want free coffee--They do not have this and there is a reason... Usually those coffee machines are filthy dirty. Starbucks is opening soon on the street level!	
Aug 18 2008 	Fantastic Location Average Service	My associate and I stayed at the Palmer House Hilton on Saturday, August 16th, 2008. Upon checking in at approximately 4:00 P.M., I was advised that the only two bed rooms available were on a smoking floor. I reluctantly agreed to this unfortunate situation, so it was my choice, but I have to say that it is rather disappointing to be hornswaggled into a smoking room just to get two beds. Other than that, the place is beautiful, the location is perfect, and I found it to be well appointed in general. My advice to anyone staying at the Palmer House who has booked on Priceline or Hotwire is to check in as early as possible. It is possible that travelers who book via the discount websites would appear to fall at the bottom of the priority list in terms of room choices.	
Aug 18 2008 	Very rude staff	The Palmer House is without question a beautiful hotel. But the staff acted as though they were doing us the favor by letting us stay there. While staying there (we were there five nights), the cleaning staff left our hotel room door open once all day, and when we contacted the front desk about it, they acted as though we were a nuisance for bothering them. They were likewise disaffected and rude during a discussion of charges over the room. Also, though Internet is increasingly offered for free to hotel guests at even the cheapest hotels, be prepared at the Palmer House to pay at least $12.95 a day for broadband Internet (that's their slowest speed -- for faster ones you will pay up to $15.95). Also be prepared to spend up to $45 a night for parking (that's a flat rate, no matter how long within a 24-hour period your car is there). In short, if you don't mind paying a lot for normally complementary things and don't mind being treated poorly by the staff, the Palmer House does provide a clean place to stay in a prime location.	
Aug 17 2008	Busy busy busy!	Stayed one night Sat. July 19, 08 via Hotwire - $120 altogether, good price for downtown Chicago. Never seen such a busy hotel! Lines for check-in at 5pm, lobby and lobby bar full of people milling about; even out on sidewalk in front of hotel, people loading and unloading from cars and taxis. Pleasant desk receptionist. Allocated room 431 - HUGE! 15' x 25' (yes! I paced it out:):) By contrast, bathroom is SMALL, but functional. Looked as if room and bathroom were &quot;halfway&quot; modernised in a kind of art-deco yucky green! Interior room overlooking fire-escape and buildings, so no street noise - just inconsiderate guests in hallway at 3 am! Comfortable beds, toiletries provided. For price paid was ok - of course, drinks at lobby bar were usual downtown Chicago prices! (i.e...expensive). AC worked fine.	
Aug 12 2008 	Staying somewhere else next time.	Something always seems to go wrong when I visit Chicago, last time our car got towed at 2am (course our luggage, maps &amp; most $ was in the car ) so we had to wander the streets of Chicago aimlessly...This time the issue was the hotel:Plus 1 star: locationPlus 1 star: gorgeous lobby, historical hotelMinus 1 star- for PAPER THIN WALLSMinus 1 star- for being woken by maid each morningMinus 1 star for not only not allowing my boyfriend in the room when his card stopped working &amp; not being helpful to him in any way.I have travelled throughout the US, Europe &amp; Asia and I don't remember any hotel, motel, or any other lodging where the maids come before checkout or at least 11am. This might not have been that problemmatic but the paperthin walls did not help.FRI: 9:23am Maid service next door (to those that flew in late &amp; are on CA time that felt like 7:23am about 5 hours BEFORE I had planned to wake). We're not talking about faintly hearing the vaccuum, we're talking hearing her push all the hangers in the closet together ... that's how thin the walls were.I crawled out of bed &amp; put a &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign up. A few minutes later our door starts shaking and this weird noise like someone's rubbing against the door Apparently they polish them every morning -- I'd have to say she didn't read the sign about NOT DISTURBING US.Later that night got to listen to our neighbors have sex.SAT: Maid service comes through at 8:30am! (which, to someone on PST felt like 6:30am wakeup, esp. after being at a wedding reception until midnight the night before!). SUN. 3:14am woken by screaming fight next door (apparently some jerk ditched his GF). 7:00am woken up by someone in the room on the other side decided it was a good time to SING.8:30-9:30am Maid knocking on neighbouring doors woke us up later that morning (we'd finally learned to put the do not disturb (or polish our door!) sign up at night).Went out to visit a friend about an hour outside of Chicago. Get a call from my BF. His card won't work on the room.He went to the front desk &amp; since his name wasn't on the reservation they wouldn't give him a new card (Fair enough, appreciate their not giving one to just anyone). What really pissed me off was they refused to consider any reasonable alternative to prove his claim or assist him.I mean he did have a hotel card, he knew the name of the person in the room, he knew the room #, he could describe the room &amp; our luggage, offered to give them the credit card # the room was charged too - he wasn't just coming in randomly &amp; fishing for info.They told him having me call &amp; verify him would NOT be enough to let him in.He then asked them to look at the key and see if they could see why it didn't work. Theyclaimed the key was fine and if it was valid it should work (accusing him of not only having found a key but mysteriously knowing the room # &amp; name associated with the card)?. They also refused to send someone up with him so he could prove the card didn't work and that his belongings were really in the room.So he called me upset that he wasn't allowed in our room, he was exhausted from a long day and I was not expected back for at least 4 hours and was at least an hour away.I called and demanded to speak to someone who would attempt to assist him and got someone to add his name to the reservation and they let him in - but it definitely soured our afternoon.Other things that I would not have bothering mentioning except that I was so sleep deprived &amp; cranky about the above instances :The front of the building is under construction (which is a shame, would've liked to see it). It would have been nice if they told me this on the phone when I called for the address, they gave me the street that had no entrance, instead of the street that had a working entrance). They have a big read note about the POOL being closed, but no mention of the front door not being there.And I suppose it was my fault for asking for closest subway line when coming from the airport (not knowing there were separate train/non-train lines), so instead of giving us the stop 15 feet in front of the front door that was exactly on our line from the airport - I was told to get out at a stop about 5 blocks away... still, deductive reasoning should have told her that confused tourist from out of town coming from Midway on the Orange line, probably wants the closest Orange line stop, not to spend more time transferring to some other line for a further stop &amp; then toting luggage to the hotel.	
Aug 12 2008 	Caffeine-free Zone	If you stay at a Motel 6 you get free coffee. Super 8, same. This Hilton, no way. Couldn't believe it, but it's true. No coffee pot in the room, no coffee pot in the lobby. The morning street level (not the lobby, which is one floor up) is a steady stream of bleary-eyed people walking out to the street to find the Starbucks or Dunkin' Donuts or McDonald's, and the opposing stream of people coming back to the hotel with a cup or two of ($1.50-$4.00) coffee. C'mon, Hilton, have a heart! A cup of joe would make life just a lot better.Oh, by the way, the walls are pretty thin.The shower was great.Wi-fi daily rates are exorbitant.Check-in and -out were a breeze.The wait for an elevator was never more than a minute.Sheets are SOFT.	
Aug 11 2008 	Disappointed	Kind of a let-down for a Hilton... we rented two connecting rooms and were surprised to find a broken ironing board that would not stay up, a door knob falling off of the closet, a shower that had barely enough pressure to rinse, a toilet that constantly drained and filled, not to mention no coffee maker?? We have stayed in a lot of Hilton's and would not stay here again. A beautiful lobby and pleasant staff... just sub-standard room features.	
Aug 5 2008 	We really enjoyed the Palmer House	My wife and I stayed at the Palmer House Hilton for our 2nd anniversary a couple or weeks ago. We booked it on Priceline, after reading a number of bad reviews we were worried about our stay. When we arrived the valet parking was very convenient and the people were friendly. The bell hops were very helpfull. Coming up the escalator we were in awe at the beautiful lobby, and the check in went very smooth. Got to our room, worried it was going to be tiny, it wasn't, accually it was a nice size, not a suite but nice. Beds very comfortable the decor was nice, with granite countertops. It must of been one of the remodeled rooms. We only stayed a short time but were very happy with it. Awesome location, close to everything. All and all very nice stay. The only reason that we gave it a 4 stars instead or 5 was there was no breakfeast, and there was an additional charge to use some of the hotel features(fitness center)	
Aug 5 2008 	Crowded busy hotel	We got a great deal on a room at the Palmer House so decided to stay there. It was clear, upon check-in, that you get what you pay for. Our room, a Studio, was tiny. I'm not kidding -- I know people with walk-in closets bigger than the room we had. It was long and narrow, with one full-size bed located right inside the door. Past the bed, they had crammed in all of the furniture that they put in regular sized rooms. One dresser would have been fine -- we really didn't need the desk and chair across from it, because you had to move the chair away from the desk to open the bureau drawers. The only other issue was the feeling of a constant crowd in the hotel. The only time I have ever had to stand in a long queue, literally snaking between velvet ropes to register, was when we went to Las Vegas. The Palmer House Hilton had the same feel as a busy Vegas hotel --- all hustle/bustle and no elegance or personalized service. We were awakened both nights, once at 2AM and the next night at 4AM, by screaming teenagers coming back from partying. Since the bed was right by the door, we could hear everything in the hallway, which didn't exactly make for a pleasant night's rest. My advice -- stay there for the location, and the price if you can get a good deal on the web, but beware!	
Aug 4 2008 	Great location and loved the room!	I book through priceline for a $100 a night, but saw in some of the reviews people getting it for $89 a night. Yet after staying there paying a little bit more was no problem. My wife and I stayed there for 6 nights and really enjoy it. We arrived earlier between 12:30 and 1:00 pm and had no problems checking in early and was given a King sized bed. Some of the reviews had said the rooms were small, but when you are travelling with just two people you don't really need anymore room. It was also nice to have a safe in the room that you could lock up any valuables you had. The place is quite busy as it has over 1600 rooms, so if you do not like crowds this is not the place for you. As well, they are currently doing construction so the pool is not open, which was a little disappointing. The one thing I thought was ridiculous was that you had to pay $12.95 a day for Internet. So we found a place at the corner of Wabash and Monroe beside the hotel where you could get free wireless. We both love the place and would stay there again for sure.	
Aug 3 2008 	If You Like Crowds This is Your Place	We had to stay at this hotel because we were invited to a family wedding and all our immediate family members were staying here. The entrance is right under the elevated train and the immediate feeling is one of chaos. That feeling continues into the lobby where there were hoards of people milling around and waiting to check in. The lobby is grand and beautiful though with a ceiling that one can stare at and admire for hours. Our room was on the executive level which needed a special key for the elevator which meant that every time we had guests who were not on that floor, we had to accompany them. Also if we wanted to visit guests not in that area we had to descend to the lobby and take a different elevator to reach their floor. We had dinner in the private dining room and the service was fantastic as was the food. Our room had a huge living room and dining area that was separate from the bedroom. There were also two full baths which my husband and I really appreciated since they were each very tiny. It's a grand old hotel and the decor matches that. The location is wonderful. It's only a short walk to the Art Institute and the shoreline with all it's beautiful walkways and parks.	
Aug 2 2008	Overpriced Overrated Over the top	Booked through Hotwire and consequently was placed in a room where we barely had room to walk around our luggage. The 'view' was of the 'inner courtyard' of nothing but walls of windows of the other rooms. You were unable to determine what the weather was outside except that it was either day or night.They no longer have in-room coffee appliances. You either have to go down to their ostentatious dining room, or go around the corner to Starbucks or McDonald's.Internet access is not free ($12.95/24 hours), the &quot;Gift Shop&quot; is a joke (tucked away in the corner of the coat check room, Concierge services have limited hours, and the business center is open only during 'business hours' which made it difficult to get work done after 'business hours.&quot;I would not stay there ever again, nor do I recommend it to anyone. I have had better stays at any Holiday Inn Express!	
Jul 30 2008 	Wonderful Old Hotel	I travel quite a bit for pleasure and business and have stayed at many hotels worldwide. Some were advertised as 4-star properties and I think that was because you could see 4 stars through the ceiling. Not this place, it was well worth the price. I like to read the reviews on where I'm staying just to see what I'm getting into before I get there. And based on the reviews from here I've only requested to change hotels once and that was in Sicily. Reading the reveiws you have to take the good with the bad and make your own decision. I was going to be spending 5 days at this hotel for a conference I was attending at their sister hotel, The Chicago Hilton, and read the reviews on this hotel at the airport before I left and wasn't sure what to expect. &quot;small rooms&quot;, &quot;in the middle of renovation&quot;, &quot;not worth it&quot;, &quot;able to turn the TV off with my foot from my bed&quot;. Well I was very surprised. I had no trouble checking in and was given a room that was beyond my expectations It was huge and at the end of a hallway. Yes you could hear doors closing in the hall and voices in the next room, but hey, you're in a hotel, not your own home. I thought the place was beautiful. The lobby was unbelievable and the overall energy of the place was comforting. I didn't try any of the restaurants since I prefer to seek out more neighborhood places of which I found many. Millers Pub right next door was especially good. . It was very centrally located and well within walking distance to many attractions like the Sears Tower, Navy Pier, The Miracle Mile, and much more. From Navy Pier I would recommend a river tour pointing out the architecture of the buildings along the river. My only issue would be not having coffee makers in rooms and the having to pay for internet access but if those are my only complaints, the I think the hotel is well worth the price they charge.	
Jul 25 2008	Great Location	The hotel itself is very nice. Cons: Our room faced the train and the window would not shut completely, so it was a bit noisy. The internet is super expensive. The pool/spa was closed due to renovations.Pros: The rooms are renovated and stylish. The service was great.Also, next door to the hotel there is a bakery with free Wifi! you are about a block away from the Millennium Park and Art Museum.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great Location for Chicago	I booked through Hotwire and if you book through them or through priceline you will be given whatever room is left over whether it fits your needs or not. The person at the front desk said that they only accomodate people who book through expedia. So we had to stay in a one double bed room even though I was travelling with my 2 children. The room was tiny. I ordered a rolling bed and it barely fit in the room. The room had a view of the fire escapes but the new decor is gorgeous. It made this tiny room look inviting. The bathroom was small but had one of those cool bowl sinks. This room would be adequate for only 1 person, not 3. They did move us to a two double bed room the next night and we fit much better. The second room also had the new decor and I found it very attractive. The bathroom somehow was smaller than the first one but we had a walk-in closet. The location is excellent for sight seeing. The city of Chicago offers free sightseeing trolleys through the summer and two of the lines have stops in front of the hotel and the third line has a stop 2 blocks away. It ends up being so cheap to see all of Chicago without ever having to take a bus or a cab. Be sure you don't miss the fireworks at Navy Pier on Wednesday and Saturday nights. It makes this magical city even more magical.Hilton does not offer any services for free. So you will be charged a fortune for internet, breakfast and even to use the fitness center. They are still under construction so the pool was not open. The location does offer you several places where you can get breakfast, lunch or dinner for a fraction of the cost. It is also two blocks from Millenium Park and the Art Institute and Marshall Field's-Macy's.	
Jul 23 2008	The Best Location in Downtown Chicago	I recently went to Chicago on July 4, 2008. I stayed at the Palmer House Hilton and I must say that I had a very lovely time. I was right in the middle of everything. The free trolley is around the corner, shopping is close, food is close, the train is close, I mean it is the perfect location. My room was lovely, 2 double beds, nice size bathroom, nice tv. I did not know what to expect but I can tell you that anything on the 14 floor and up is nice. We stayed on the 14th floor and was told that they started remodeling about a year ago and started on the top floor. We were a ok. The staff was excellent, from the doorman, to housekeeping, to check in clerk, to the maintance guy who gave me a new remote control. Just great service.	
Jul 20 2008 	Very Pleased With Our Stay	It is funny to see the wide range of reviews...We booked via Priceline and were quite happy. We arrived very late yet they were able to accomodate our request for a king bed. The room was dated but this is a 130 year old hotel - I would have been dissapointed if it was ultra-modern. What some see at dated, others see as charming.The room was very comfy, quiet and fairly large. The location was perfect - 3 blocks from the lake and right next to the Adams street subway. We overlooked the &quot;L&quot; on Wabash but never, ever heard any street noise. The lobby was fantastic and there was an energy in the hotel which was fun to experience.If I had any complaints, they were minor - no coffee machine in the room nor wireless internet (but these both get back to that charrming vs dated view) . Also, one of the 3 elevators that reached the 18th floor was out of commission - so the waits were a bit longer than normal.The Palmer House was billed as a 4-star...and we concur.	
Jul 19 2008 	Beautiful even though not completed renovation	I stayed here for a wedding with the rest of my family in a renovated room. Becuase we asked for a renovated connecting room we had to wait for 3 hours to get the room. We arrived at around 1:00 PM and check inn was at 3:00 but the room was not ready until 3:30. The front desk staff we originally not very friendly but after they found out we were part of the wedding party, they were very friendly for the entire stay which was odd. The hotel is huge so if a nice quiet hotel is what you want this place is not for you. The room was really nice with all new furinishings. The room was extremely clean and the bed was extremly comfortable. I could not belive how thin the walls are. You can hear every word that anyone is saying beside you in the hallway and even across the hall in rooms over there. You can also hear if they are in the bathroom as you can hear practically anything. Also try to get a room on the other side from the El. Even being on the other side you could hear it. The pool/fitness centre was closed for renovation which was a downer but they moved the exercise room into the confrence room and the strange 8.00 fee was waived.We were given brunch coupons becuase we were part of the wedding and if I had to pay for the food I would have been very upset. The food was absolutely terrible and I counted 2 waiters the whole time I was in there. We checked the menu for lunch and dinner and it was a ripoff. There are tones of places to eat for all three meals all over the area.Parking was very expensive with valey 45.00 a day. Chicago is a great city and you can practically get anywhere with public transit and there are always lots of taxis available. The staff at the door were very nice but the lower concourse was shut down so you have to walk up the staircase to the really nice lobby to get to the elevator. Overall, it was a really nice stay and we would come again once they complete the renovation and everything is open.	
Jul 17 2008 	Not worth the price	I stayed here as part of a business trip. My meeting was at this hotel.For the price at a &quot;full service&quot; hotel, I expected much more. Granted, it is a historic place, but for $250 per night what we got was the room which was quite small, had a view of the building and a tub that took 10 minutes to drain after a 5 minute shower.Internet access costs around $18 per day? There is a big fee to use the fitness facility as well and it is nothing special.The staff is very friendly however.We didn't eat at the hotel's restaurant...wasn't impressed with the menu for the prices. Walked 2 blocks to a historic italian restaurant and got a full dinner for two for the price of one entree at the hotel.If you do happen to stay here...there is a place called the Corner Bakery Cafe just down the block...great breakfast, coffee, sandwiches, pasta is ok, soups and cakes/cookies...good prices. (Breakfast with coffee was less than $10)	
Jul 15 2008 	Never Again	A colleague and I booked a room here this past Feb for three nights. We were assured that a room with two double beds would be available but when we got there they told us that there were none but added that a rollaway bed could be brought up to the room for $30 a night. The front desk clerk was one of the most rude and condescending people I've ever dealt with. We turned them down on this offer and asked if we could be put on a waiting list for a new room. I reiterated again that we were assured a room would be available and the clerk told me that she &quot;wasn't sure what Priceline promised&quot; but there were no guarantees. The first night I slept in a chair while my colleague took the bed. The next day we were given the good news that a room may come up but the catch was we had to be in the hotel to receive the room or it would be given to someone else. We were told that we'd have an answer by 2pm. 2pm came and went, finally we were told at 3:30 that the room would be available after wasting a perfectly good afternoon waiting in the hotel lobby. To add insult to injury, upon checkout, they tried to bill me for the rollaway bed even though it was never brought to our room. The only bright spot in this whole place was the building itself and the conceirge service, the other staff could learn many lessons from them. They were phenomenal offering great suggestions. I would warn anyone about staying here, especially if they booked through an online travel service. If you book through Expedia, Priceline or the like you'll be treated like a second class guest. A flat out horrible experience.	
Jul 11 2008	Grand Lobby but Poor Rooms	The lobby was very nice and the food was above-average, but the room was very small and the air conditioning did not work. The walls were very thin: I could hear every conversation taking place in the halls and adjoining rooms. The valet and bell service took approximately 30 minutes at check-in and check out. I tipped the bellman while I was waiting for my vehicle, which was a mistake because he left while I was still waiting. I would recommend the Swissotel, better prices, better service, and bigger air conditioned rooms.	
Jul 9 2008 	Great Location Rooms could be big or small	Fabulous Location near Millenium Park and State Street shopping.Stayed here twice for business. First time, my room was a &quot;closet&quot; - the bathroom , closet and the room were so small I barely had room for my suitcase. There was no counter space in the bathroom. 2 people would not have fit in that room. For my last visit, I specially asked for a room NOT like my last stay and bigger than a closet. My room during my latest visit was perfectly fine with 2 beds, nice closet. The bathrooms were still small, but at least there was counter space. It's a dice roll on what kind of room you'll get. Be specific on your request. There are many closet sized rooms in the inventory.Common areas are very beautiful, but the layout of the lobby is awkward. Check in is on the second floor.The proximity to the El can bother light sleepers as I could hear the trains.Convenient to Corner Bakery on same block. CVS across the street. State street shopping around the corner.Rooms were pricey. I would stay here again only if I received a better deal than a Mag Mile hotel. I would prefer to stay on Michigan Ave for the same price.	
Jul 7 2008 	Don't pay big bucks for this place	It has definite pros: the location is great, the lobby is beautiful, the staff was pleasant and professional. However, I have NEVER stayed in such a stripped-down room ANYWHERE. The bathroom is tiny, with a pedestal sink and no counter. Shampoo, conditioner and soap ONLY. No lotion. No shower cap. No coffee. No wet bar. No free internet. Paper-thin walls through which we could easily overhear our neighbors' conversations. The whole place is torn up right now - one entrance open, no fitness center to speak of, workers, tarps, and paint fumes galore. If you're thinking Hilton = four star luxury like I was, you are so wrong. DO NOT pay anything close to rack rate. If I hadn't gotten such a deal on the rate, I would have been furious.	
Jul 7 2008 	Great Location	Stayed at the Palmer House for Girlfriend Getaway during the Taste of Chicago. I was disappointed with the room. It was small, had a brick wall for a view, and the bathroom barely had turning around room. BUT..................................This is a great location. It is close to shopping and attractions in the downtown area. We were a couple of blocks away from Grant Park (where the Taste was). The service is very very good. The staff is very helpful and courteous. And even though the room was small, the bed slept well and the decor was very nice and classic.	
Jul 2 2008 	Okay for the price and location	The hotel is on a very busy street, the subway makes the street very noisy during the day. There's still construction going on, swimming pool and main entrance closed. We parked at 55 State St. across from the hotel, for 35 USD/night, ouch! However we got a cheap price for the room, USD89/night, booked through hotwire.com.Surprised to see in such expensive hotel that there is no shower cap in the bathroom and no coffee maker. Also the mattress was very soft, I would say very old, sagging.With all the noise from the street(20th floor facing Wabash St, where the subway goes by on the elevated line) I was concerned it was going to be noisy, however the windows were double panels and did a good job insulating us from the noise below in the street (and I am a light sleeper).The corner bakery (just in the corner of the building) is great for breakfast, very fast and good food, I definitely recommend it, good way to start the day.All in all an average experience, the good part was the location and I guess the price, even after factoring in the car parking.We used the free trolley system to save our feet after too much walking. The Greek town is just a handful of restaurants, nothing more, good food though.We walked 4.5 blocks south to the Guys Blues place one evening, the place is alright but we weren't lucky with the band that night, avoid Texas Fire Band, never heard of blues in Elvis Presley rock and roll style.	
Jul 2 2008 	Our Kind of Town	I took my wife to Chicago for her 50th Birthday and our three nights at The Palmer House Hilton made it truly memorable. Our first room was a bit small, but this being an grand old hotel, that was expected. We did, however, inquire about a possible move to a bigger room and Erika at the front desk was more than willing to help. Wow! Did we ever get a bigger room! Huge, two bathrooms, a sitting area ... It was great. The Hotel itself is in the middle of a large renovation but there was no noise and little inconvenience. The lobby is beautiful, the staff helpful, the location - right downtown and close to everything - was perfect. Make sure you walk the three block to the new Millennium Park in Grant Park. Thank you Hilton for a great stay and a great birthday celebration for my wife and me. PERFECT!	
Jun 30 2008 	Not the Hilton experience one would expect	We paid $150 per night for this hotel and I must say, it was not worth it. When I saw pictures of the hotel lobby online, I figured it would be an amazing hotel with wonderful rooms. This was not the case. The rooms were dated, with approximately 1970's window treatments. Carpets in rooms and hallways were not plush or cozy. Also, the lighting in the room and hallways was dark. My expectations for Hilton were very high, as I have never had a bad experience till now. We paid $150 for night, through Priceline. I am sure it is far more expensive directly through Hilton. It is not worth the money. Go for the Hilton Chicago near the Magnificent Mile instead.	
Jun 25 2008	Palmer House Hotel	Recently stayed in Chicago overnight with mother (70+) and teen daughter (16) we stayed at the Palmer House (it rocked) and ate dinner at Attwood Cafe (loved it and our server Rachel) and saw Wicked, totally worth every penny. We did regret not having umbrellas with us, it rained off and on suddenly, would have liked larger beds at the Palmer but the gorgeous rooms and lobby made up for it as well as Phillipe the concierge who was very informative. And the Corner Bakery was the best for breakfast and lunch, very reasonably priced and delicious!!Love it and plan to return over the 4th of July for Taste of Chicago and more fun plus more nights....this time at Marriott Downtown (got a steal of a deal by signing up on their web site and then back again in late July for a trip to the Blackwood Renassaince hotel.	
Jun 24 2008 	Nice Hotel	After reviewing hotels in Chicago, we picked the Palmer House Hilton. The rates were very expensive, but we liked what we read and were determined to stay here. Three days before we left, I realized that I could bid on this hotel via Priceline. Our original price (through the hotel web site) was $1015 for 3 nights, through Priceline we paid $370. Good things about the hotel are, it is in a convienent location, it is beautiful and a nice lobby. A couple of the nights, we had cocktails and dessert in the bar area. It is a perfect place to people watch. Bad things about the hotel, were the &quot;craziness&quot; of the lobby area and the confusing layout. When we walked in with our luggage, not one person greeted us and we wandered along looking for the registration area. Once we finally made it there (thanks to a couple of friendly hotel guests), the employee (Eric) at registration was very nice. He apologized for the confusion and upgraded our stay to a bigger room. And after reading the other reviews about the small rooms, I'm glad we had a bigger room.A side note, there is a lot of construction going on at this time. The &quot;gym&quot; area is very hard to find and if you are desperate for a workout, it is ok.	
Jun 23 2008 	Beautiful old hotel	The reviews for this hotel vary so widely that I wanted to add my very positive experience to the others. Stayed here for four days with my daughter while on a mini-vacation to explore a new city. The Palmer House is a fabulously restored very old hotel; our room was gigantic and newly decorated--couldn't have been nicer. All was clean and fresh. Others have reported moldy bathrooms, dirty carpets etc. and I would be unhappy with those things too, but did not come across anything bad at all.Our check in was quick and friendly, and the concierge desk was very helpful with directions, maps, and suggestions. The downtown location is very convenient for a tourist--about a block from the nearest El station (Adams/Wabash) and the Art Institute, Millenium Park, etc. I don't understand why the reviews are so mixed; maybe this isn't a brisk hotel for business travelers and is better suited for people on vacation? Anyway, it has tremendous charm and good service.	
Jun 22 2008 	Customer Satisfaction Beyond Expectations	We got an excellent rate through Hotwire and were given a large refurbished room. After dropping off our luggage we headed out for dinner and a show at the Chicago Theatre. Upon our return, we realized there was a noisy gathering in the room next to ours. Around midnight we called down to the front desk. They offered to send up Security, but we chose to switch rooms instead. They sent a bellman up with keys for the new accommodations and to assist us with our transition. I was afraid that they might give us a lesser room because of our complaint. Instead they provided us with a corner suite with a living room, dining room, wet bar, bedroom, two bathrooms and two plasma TV's. As you can imagine, we were totally delighted!	
Jun 19 2008 	Executive Floor at the Palmer House	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Palmer House in a room on the Executive Floor when I went to Chicago (formerly my hometown) for a wedding. This has always been one of my favorite hotels for sentimental reasons. You can’t beat the location if you want to be downtown in the loop. The Palmer House is between State and Wabash at Monroe, so you are right there in the middle of it all, and a very short and pleasant walk to Millenium Park and the lake. The lobby is beautiful in a late 19th early 20th century ornate way. It is up a flight of stairs from the street entrance, so you have to wander down the hall to find the elevators or lug your bags up the stairs. The rooms are old-hotel charming, but they have been on the small side every time I have stayed there, and the last time I could hear everything going on in the room next door, so this time I decided to treat myself and I reserved a room on the “Executive” floor. The Executive floor has its own check-in, its own elevators (which is good b/c you never can seem to get the regular elevators in this hotel), lounge area with large tvs, complimentary continental breakfast (cereals, fruits, quite good pastries, etc.), bar with complimentary appetizers at night (mini-quiche, spinach dip, cheese, etc.), and, as I expected, larger rooms. I didn’t have a good experience when we went to check in at the special check in desk, which had a big sign saying something like Check In for Hilton Diamond Members and Executive Floor. The man behind the desk asked me in a not too friendly manner if I was a Diamond member and when I said no, he hesitated. Although I jumped in with “we are staying on the Executive level” I was so uncomfortable that I almost just went over to the regular check in. But we got checked in.The room was nice, it had a small kitchen with a sink and fridge, and a small sitting area. The bed was really comfy. I enjoyed my stay, but I don’t know if I would pay the extra money for the Executive Floor again (I think my rate was $259 or thereabouts).	
Jun 18 2008	The Worst Big City Hotel	I have stayed here before. It was OKAY, but I expected after the trumpeted 150 Milion renovation it would be better this time. Just the worst. My greatgrandparents used to stay here--maybe it was something then but it is nothing now. The Lobby is beautiful and the ceiling is not to be missed--but then run from this place. Phones don't work--for example, if you press the message button you get the director of food and beverage. The room service button didn't work either-you have to call the operator for everything and hope that they pick up. The rooms are TINY. I didn't need a remote control for the TV--I could use my toes! And the bathroom--well let's just say I have suits larger that that. I had a lovely view of a fireescape and could never tell if it was day or night. Yet it is packed with conventioneers. Maybe those are the folks that give it good reviews--I don't know-but I have been here twice in 6 months for about a week each time and it is awful.	
Jun 17 2008 	Breakdown of the Palmer House	Check-in: Check in is located on the second floor, which was a little odd, with bags, but it was quick on a Sunday evening. Lobby: Beautiful and old. Lots of marble and gold-colored things. Big and airy. Lots of high-backed loveseats and arm chairs. According to one of the bartenders, the Palmer House is the first hotel to have electrical lighting and elevators.The Restaurant -- Lockwood: Retardedly expensive. A Blue Moon (domestic Whit Bier) was $7.50 -- and it wasn't even a full pint. Breakfast &quot;buffet&quot; was $22. I put &quot;buffet&quot; in quotes because it was the smallest buffet I've ever seen. The other food on the menu looked good, but I didn't try any of it. One of the bartenders told me that some locals like to come to Lockwood because once you're there, you're unreachable: The marble and steel in the bar/restaurant block virtually all cell phone and PDA reception. The Vibe: The hallways were beautifully decorated with black and white photos of entertainers who have performed at the hotel. There was also a stunning art deco 13th floor lobby, with gilded mirrors, peacock carpets and a purple circular couch that you can sit on while waiting for the (very, very slow) elevators. The Room: Bathroom was tiny but clean. There was only one towel rack, and it was located inside the tub/shower. My room had two queen beds and no view. My room was clean and the beds were comfortable. My biggest beef was that there was no wireless access. There was hardwired pay-by-the-day Internet access, which cost somewhere around $15 a day.	
Jun 16 2008 	Never again	Great location and a beautiful lobby, but we had a number of complaints. First, the check-in process took at least 30 minutes and the front-desk woman acted aloof and impersonal. Then, we made it up to our room and it was so small we could barely move around in it. The bedding was nice, but that was the only highlight of the room. Finally, I gave my valet parking ticket ($45/night btw) to the parking desk attendant (who was very rude), we waited for 30 minutes outside, and then one attendant out there asked us for our ticket. When I told him we already handed it in a half hour ago, he ran inside, only to come out a bit later saying that they didn't even grab the keys. Another 15 minutes go by, and when he *finally* pulls up in our car, he had the gall to stand idly waiting for a tip. We spent the next night in the Westin Chicago River North and were infinitely more pleased by all aspects of the hotel.	
Jun 15 2008 	Great Location; Lousy Valet	Palmer House is located in the PERFECT SPOT for visiting Chicago. Just 2 blocks west of Millenium Park and the Art Institute. It's a beautiful old hotel, undergoing renovation. We didn't get much time to explore the hotel itself, but walking through the beautiful lobby area was a real treat. The front desk gave us a large room since we were traveling with 2 young kids, which was a very generous move on their part. We found the rate on the internet and booked through a travel agent. Certainly that sized room would go for much higher if selected per the room style.The only bad part of the visit was the valet service. On a Friday night it took 30 minutes for them to bring up our car, and on a Saturday morning it took 65 minutes, making us late for our appointment. They were understaffed and not well-managed, though the employees were very nice and doing the best they could under the poor circumstances.I highly recommend the hotel due to its location, the valet parking is $45 with in/out privileges, but if you self park in the lot 1 block away it is only $35, with no in/out privileges.	
Jun 15 2008 	Thin walls could hear neighbors	The lobby is hopping with mingling people most hours, the decor is 1930's. I am a Sinatra fan and was happy to see Pictures of all the famous people who played at the Empire Room in the 1930's and on. At first glance my husband and I were very happy with our hotel pick until being woken up at 6:30AM in the morning after a prior busy day of sight seeing. We were woken up by a beeping sound that sounded like it was coming from our room. I thought maybe the alarm was on from the previous guests. After investigating this annoying beeping sound, we realized it was our neighbors alarm. Then we fell back asleep for about 2 minutes until he turned his TV on and it sounded like it was in our room. You could hear every word very clearly. I called down to the front desk and they said they would tell security. We decided to then ask if they had a room that was not next to anyone and they said they were full but they could move us. So at 6:30 Am on our vacation we packed up all of our belongings to switch rooms. We were sent a few floors up to an end unit, into a smaller king room. In this room you could hear every word of the family next to us. These were the thinnest walls of any hotel room we have ever stayed in and we are not hotel snobs, we have stayed in the best and the worst of rooms. When we come back to Chicago, we would rather stay some where else.	
Jun 9 2008 	A pleasant stay in a historic hotel	My wife and I stayed for 2 nights and loved it. Our stay was booked for us by Virgin Atlantic when we booked our flights from London to Chicago. We were not quite sure what to expect but were reassured by the Hilton brand name. In the event we found that the airline knew what they were doing when they suggested this hotel.On arrrival we got a warm welcome and the check in was quick and efficient. The interior of the hotel is spectacular and looks like has been refurbished to reflect the decor as it would have been when it was built. The room we were given was a good size with 1 Queen bed which was particularly comfortable.The hotel is conveniently located with restaurants nearby. The first night we ate at the hotel's own gourmet restaurant (The Lockwood) which did not disappoint. The breakfasts are also served in this restaurant. We had the buffet both mornings and these were good value for the quality offered.Generally we found the service in this hotel good and the staff very helpful. A nice touch was that when we checked out of the hotel to go to our next destination the car we had booked to pick us up was a few minutes late arriving. A member of staff supervising the doormen saw us looking a bit lost and came over to assist us find the car when it did arrive.Overall I would thoroughly recommend this hotel for both business and leisure stays for both quality and value for money.	
Jun 6 2008 	Okay if price is competitive	This is an iconic, old Chicago hotel. Personally, I'd rather spend that money on a sleek, creatively designed modern hotel, of which Chicago has many. But I was looking for a location and competiitve price for a business stay, and the Palmer House fit the bill. The room was small, and windows were not so much. That said, it's old-world luxury inside. If that's your thing, you'll like it more than I did. For me, it was just okay.	
