	There is nowhere else to stay but the Plaza Metro	Cleanliness, oh my! Our room was spotless when we arrived and everyday we would return to the smell of new linens and sanitized bathrooms. Location was perfect, it was near souvenirs and drinks and snacks. The Ambassador suite was beautiful and roomy, two balconies, two bathrooms, wow! Service spectacular, they delivered a three layer red velvet cake to us for our honeymoon. Value....no comparison. We booked this room through Amtrak at a huge discount…cabs 24-7 at the front door, late check out, a view to die for, on the bus route to the L and one block from the Greek food. The Plaza was great, it was one of the nicest hotels for cleanliness and service; I've ever stayed at. Thanks to all the staff for making our honeymoon so special. We will see you soon, because we are so coming back.	
Nov 22 2009 	They're working to make things better	Stayed for 2 nights on business. I'd read the comments here on tripadvisor that the outside noise wasn't adequately drowned out and that the lights in the room were insufficient. So when I saw the sleep package which included ear plugs, I laughed. And then they had a note saying that they were working towards adding more lights in the rooms. So at least they are listening to customer's complaints, reading the responses here and doing something about it. I personally didn't need the ear plugs and I was ok with the lighting since I didn't need to read anything.What I liked the most was the fact that they had a quiet zone - a floor that was off limits to kids, where housekeeping started a bit later, etc. I wish all hotels had a floor like this as I've been bothered by kids running up and down the hallway late at night.What I didn't like the most was the fact that their elevator's card reader didn't work all the time. Initiallly, I thought it was the card that had a problem but it turns out that the readers in all elevator cars were just too old or maybe dirty that you had to slide your card up and down real fast while in the reader. (This worked for us when we got tired of going to front desk to check our cards.) Even their security personnel who had to escort us up one time said that even his master key sometimes doesn't work in the reader.	
Nov 21 2009 	Nice hotel but far from Michigan Ave.	I recently stayed two nights at the Crowne Plaza. It is your typical business hotel. I was in an executive suite which was very nice but there was not adequate lighting in the room and a little note of explanation that they were in the process of installing more lighting in the rooms. There was a fair amount of noise from the freeway the hotel sits right next to. I guess that's why they had earplugs in the room. The hotel dining room was okay for breakfast. There are several good Greek restaurants close by and a grocery store across the street. As far as the downtown area like Michigan Avenue, this is a good 20 minute walk if not more. I didn't really mind it except when it started raining. Be prepared to have to take a taxi to go just about anywhere from the hotel. I will say the front desk staff were very nice and very helpful when asked directions, etc. The bell staff were very good about storing luggage and arranging a town car back to the airport which was the same price as a regular taxi. Other than the lighting problem the room was comfortable except a little freeway noise.	
Oct 23 2009 	nice property	Last weekend my husband and our 2 adult sons had adjoining rooms on the 11th floor across from the elevators. Quiet, clean, comfortable beds. I was puzzled when I found ear plugs and an eye mask on the bed. Then I found out why - sleep package. okThe only noise came from the doorwall that did not seal. Nice balcony. We were there for our nieces wedding.	
Oct 23 2009 	Satisfactory hotel near Amtrak	We stayed in this hotel two nights before we boarded a train for home. It was adequate. We had some trouble with the shower. After they fixed it , it was much worse. But they did credit us with one night stay when we complained. We were a little further from town that we thought. But it is on a direct busline right into town. It was very easy. My husband is disabled and he could drive the scooter we rented right onto any of the buses very easily.	
Oct 17 2009 	Great Hotel Except For Lack Of Customer Service	Our Amtrak train was delayed due to flooding and we were given a room here. Now the hotel itself was great. Clean rooms and flat screen tv's. My problem was at check in. Amtrak pays for the rooms for its guests. This hotel was telling the Amtrak passengers that they would have to post a deposit of 50 dollars. Now Amtrak does not allow any hotel to collect deposits from distressed passengers. This was not a problem for me but some passengers did not have the 50 dollars. The front desk staff were not friendly at check in. I am a Priority Club Gold member and they told me that only Platinum members get breakfast coupons. Not friendly at all.	
Oct 17 2009 	small beds	Beds too small for two people. The hotel and rooms were clean and nice.	
Oct 12 2009 	Fantastic stylish hotel in a great location - highly recommended	This hotel is really great overall - we were pleasantly surprised. The staff is extremely helpful and friendly. The hotel location is great - just 2 blocks outside the Loop, but still centrally located for walking. It's just two blocks from Greektown, one block from a Walgreen's and one block from a Dominick's (full grocery) - which couldn't be more convenient once you realize you've forgotten to pack certain items! (Or want a bottle of wine in your room!) Lots of great restaurants a mere three blocks away on Randolph St. The rooms were very stylish, sizeable and the beds are killer - extremely comfortable. Room even had a flat-screen TV! The hotel even has BALCONIES - a rarity in this day and age of hotel windows that don't even open due to liability issues! The only strange thing was the bathroom - it was very odd. The sink/counter were situated in the corner, so the mirror was split left and right - very little counter space to work with and the faucet was offset to the left of the sink instead of centered. Kinda seemed like the Mad Hatter designed the whole thing, but you could work around it once you got used to it. Shower arm also bizarrely set up, but again, not a huge big deal. Considering we got a fantastic last-minute rate on the internet (right before the marathon no less!), we really got our money's worth. Highly recommended.	
Sep 22 2009 	Great hotel friendly staff and great beds and shower!	This hotel was very nice. The rooms were clean. The beds and pillows were very comfortable. The shower was awesome! I would definitely stay here again!	
Sep 16 2009 	Uncomfortable Noisy Awful -- stay Away!	The worst chain hotel experience ever. Rock hard bed was the worst. My arms fell asleep before I did. Lots of noise from the adjacent freeway and room next door. The airconditioner was old and loud. Small poorly lit room was made worse by inoperative lights. I am told this was low-income housing before they slapped a coat of paint and carpeted it. And it's expensive to boot! Such a bad choice. There are so many other good hotel options nearby -- choose any other but this.	
Aug 25 2009 	Loved this Hotel	We only stayed here one night and we loved the room. We had a king room and the bed was very comfortable. The room was updated and modern. Everything seemed really clean in our room. They did charge me for local calls which I thought was ridiculous and the buffett breakfast is a rip off, go somewhere else for breakfast and save $15.95 a person. I liked that we were able to use the balcony. I would stay here again.	
Jul 31 2009 	Awful awful awful	My sister, husband and I were there during a July weekend and the service was a disaster. I do not review places often but felt compelled to share my experience here.....to save you money. 1. The woman at the desk was clearly high on something, a long line formed, guests were angry, she accidentally gave my sister's credit card and ID to a stranger, and later we found out that she was &quot;being taken care of&quot; when we filed a complaint about her. 2. The valet nearly lost my sister's key and didn't seem too worried about it. 3. We stored our luggage in their back room before we checked in. When we got back to check-in, the luggage guy couldn't match up the number on our luggage ticket to the number tied around our luggage. How hard is this job? He had everyone waiting for their luggage go in the back room to get it themselves even though it was his paid job to do it 4. We could hear other guests through the vents of our bathrooms. 5. We requested a non-smoking room but the entire hallway wreaked of smoke. 6. They were understaffed. 7. They had a business center but you had to wait in line at the front to let you in - your card did not grant you access 8. The manager-type person didn't seem that apologetic and I now wished I had pressed for a discount. 9. Absolutely will not stay at this place. Way over-priced for crappy service.	
Jul 24 2009 	horrible experience	We made a reservation 1 month in advance for 1 room with a king bed and smoking. When we got to the hotel we were told that they do not have a room like that available for us and we'd have to take a non smoking room with 1 king bed or a smoking room with 2 separate beds that can not be put together. The manager did nothing about it and same with customer relations on the phone. After driving for 5 hours from Ontario to Chicago this is what we had to deal with... My girlfriends parents got here 3 hours before us and they got fed the same story. After 1 hour of complaining they got their room. We were tired and didn't have time for his since we came here for a family reunion. Very bad experience. Would not recommend this to anyone. The room is small, bathroom is very small compared to any other hotel i've stayed at.	
Jul 23 2009 	Fun for the weekend	My spouse and I were in Chicago for a weeked of fun. We were visting some of our good friends that live in the Chicago Area. The hotel has a great location right off the freeway, so it was very easy to find. They offer valley parking, for a small fee or course, so need to hunt for a parking spot in Chicago. The location it self is beautiful from the time you walk into the front lobby. The staff is very helpful and friendly, some of the best service I have had at any hotel. I would recommend this property to anyone staying in the Chicago area. It also has lot of great views with there awesome balconies! Come check out this location!	
Jul 20 2009 	Enjoyable Stay	The staff when coming into Chicago stay at the Crowne 2 to 3 times a month. Very friendly and professional staff. The hotel is very clean and located near the expressways; making it easy access from any of the airports.Would also recommend for leisure stay.	
Jul 18 2009 	Enjoyable comfortable stay but nothing spectacular either.	Positives• Blocks from Willis Tower (formerly Sears Tower) in the Greek District• Excellent Greek restaurants &amp; shops nearby within a block or 2• Nice rooms, but the sliding exposed pocket door on the bathroom took  some betting used to.• Awesome reading lights in the executive rooms• 2 drug/groceries on either side of hotel• 3 Starbucks nearby – like within a block each direction (1 inside a drugstore/grocery).• Conference rooms etc were excellent• Catered breakfasts and lunches were excellent.Neutral • If not into 24 hours news or sports channels and nothing interesting on the Weather  Channel or HBO, kind of out of luck on the TV. But does have PPV movies if you’re into  that. • 15 minute walk from Blue line near IHC &amp; Halstead and 15 minute walk from Pink line  at Lake and State. Not much of an issue unless have lots of bags, inclement weather,  etc. (Strangely enough, there is no shuttle service whatsoever – to airport, to CTA,  nothing. But I’ve stayed many times at lower quality level hotels out by Midway  (HIExpress, Courtyard Marriott, etc) and they all have a shuttle service to Midway from  which you can obviously fly, take a bus OR catch the subway. Odd this much higher  end part of the HI chain doesn’t offer something here at this hotel).Negatives • Elevators smell like cigarette smoke• Wireless internet in room is slooooooww &amp; often times out before pages boot up.  Ethernet in room didn’t help much as the hotel website and firewall was  incompatible. Internet even in business center was painfully slow also.• Desk clerk at check-in advised because booked stay thru Orbitz they wouldn’t count  stay towards Priority Club points. (Boo!)• Desk clerk made a dramatic statement about how wireless internet in the rooms is  complimentary. Good thing they don’t charge – it is DOG slow wireless internet. The  internet connection in the hotel business center isn’t any better.We were on the 6th floor and still heard plenty of street noise. Suggest highest floor available.	
Jul 18 2009 	Location location location!	The Crowne Plaza Chicago Metro is perfectly placed in downtown Chicago, not more than a 10-15 minute walk from the Sears Tower. (I don't care if they changed the name to the Willis Tower, I am not calling it that). On top of the phenomenal location, the staff is extremely courteous and accommodating. There is also a very nice Fitness Center with a pool, hot tub, sauna, and steam room. Our entire experience here was just outstanding. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 15 2009 	Most Outstanding Sevice 	I have stayed at many hotels in Chicago over the years and the experience at &quot;The Crowne Plaza&quot; is the best I've ever had. The staff always remembers you by name, how impessive is that. The Managers reception is always a very friendly enviroment that makes people feel welcome. We have used their conference room facilities and the sevice and facility is equally outstanding. When ever you are in the Chicago area make &quot;The Crowne Plaza&quot; your hotel of choice.	
Jul 15 2009 	Location is outstanding if you know the City of Chicago	The hotel is a great experience from when you park your car until the time that you check out. The hotel is located right in the middle of Greektown with easy axcess to the expressways and the best part is you are almost equal distance from many venues in the city (Wrigley Field, Lincoln Park Zoo, U.S. Celluar Field, United Center, Solider Field, among many others).	
Jul 14 2009 	Great access to West Loop	I stay at the hotel frequently for business trips to Chicago. I have found the service to be prompt, attentive and accommodating. Rooms are very clean and modern with flat screen TVs. There is an excellent restaurant in the hotel (a little pricey these days). Great access to Greektown and Chicago's west business loop is a short walk across the Kennedy expressway.	
Jul 14 2009 	Fabulous Accomodations	The room was very nice and spacious. The front desk staff and individual travel personnel were wonderful and polite. Would definitely stay here often, if I visited Chicago frequently. I travel regularly for business, both domestically and internationally, and I'd personally stay and/or recommend this hotel to peers.Thanks!	
Jul 14 2009 	Great value location and service!	I stayed for a week and loved it. Nicely appointed rooms and great skyline views.	
Jul 14 2009 	Quality Service w/ as much or as little as you want...	I've stayed at this hotel 3 or 4 times over the past year. While I have experienced some interesting stuff in the restaurant, this most recent stay was impeccable. The staff was pleasant, and although very busy, they remained attentive to my needs throughout the entire stay. Room service was very pleasant and accommodated our very different schedule as we stayed in the room late before venturing into the city. I cannot find another hotel in Chicago that is close to most everything that I am interested in seeing. Shopping and museums are very close and the downtown business district is right there. I had heard that the restaurant was under new management, so I opted to give it a try. I was pleasantly surprised that the service was high quality, the food was good, and the staff made sure that everything was correct. I ordered breakfast some 30 minutes after the posted end time, and they produced my food, without a mention of the time. Overall, for quality and value, I find the Crowne Plaza to be a hotel I enjoy staying at. It's close enough to everything I want, but far enough away from the hustle that I don't struggle to feel relaxed while I'm there. I will definitely be staying there again and would absolutely encourage anyone to do the same!	
Jul 13 2009 	The rude understaffed desk and moldy room was not worth the money	I arrived at noon and was told that my room wasn't ready until 3 which is fine since that was normal check in time. I went over to wrigley for the game and returned at about 7:00, stood in line for a half hour as the one staffer was working with another customer. Why was there only one person at the desk? Meanwhile a line of 5 or six people was accumulating behind me. I finally checked in with the desk supervisor who finally emerged from the office. She was exceptionally pleasant, but the one I was waiting on was observed yanking a reservation paper from another customer. I'm glad I was not in that line. I went to my room disappointed at the service, only to find a moldy smell and a bath drain that would not drain for the whole floor. The AC filter was absolutely filty. Many americans have severe allergy problems including myself and my wife and a high quality hotel should take that into consideration. I expect that from a best western and would pay $50 per night for that, not $297 for one room and parking. The parking situation was not good as well. It cost $ 36 per night, which I was surprised I had to pay as I was reedeeming hotel points for one room (paying for the second). I called a half an hour early for my car which we were instructed to do, but did not find it ready on time. I finally pulled the car from the lot myself, took the keys from the valet and left. I think the only positive thing I could say about anyone working there is the room staff. They seemed pleasant, and the rooms were clean, just musty. Overall, it was an ok trip, but I could have saved a lot of money by staying in a Best Western. Same room quality for my allergies, but at least the desk would have been pleasant with a lower quality hotel. The only great things I can say for this hotel is the great location and the pleasant room service.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great hotel!	My husband and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza Metro for our first trip to Chicago. We had originally booked at a Hampton Inn on Travelocity, but it was overbooked and Travelocity recommended this hotel at the same pricepoint. I did a quick check of the Tripadvisor ratings before I committed, but then when I read the reviews, I started to have my doubts. Well, I shouldn't have worried at all. True, the hotel is many blocks away from tourist attractions, but if you don't mind walking a bit and/or using mass transit like us, you'd find it just fine. My husband and I, unfamiliar with the layout of Chicago, ended up getting off the Blue line at Monroe and walked about 25 minutes to the hotel. Location-wise, while it is not near the metro, there's a bus stop across the street (in front of the Dominick's grocery store); the 8 will bring you up the street to Milwaukee/Grand to catch the Blue line, (which is what we did at the end of our trip to take us straight into O'Hare). The bus system in general is very well run...we bought at 3day transit pass for $14pp, and that was the best deal, as we used it many many times. The best part of using mass transit on our trips is that it makes us feel not as touristy. (Remember...it's the journey, and not necessarily the destination...) Speaking of the Dominick's grocery store, we were happy to find it so convenient, even though we only used it to buy bottled water, and coffee from the Starbucks stand inside. There's also a Walgreens on the other side of the hotel. There are also hot food options inside (prepared foods, a sandwich stand, etc.) The proximity to Greektown allowed us to pick up a gyro at 2AM after we came back from a late night comedy show at Second City as well!As for the rooms, we got upgraded to a &quot;Deluxe&quot;. I don't know how my room was different from the other ones, but we were disappointed that we got two doubles instead of one king. The room had a nice color scheme of neutrals, but sort of dark. The light over one of the beds was not working, but we didn't bother to call downstairs. There was a flat screen TV. Beds were comfy, and were piled with four different pillows (firm, soft, flat, etc). Bathroom was very clean and I liked the fluffy towels. There was complimentary wireless internet service as well. The only thing that I would have really wanted was maybe a minifridge. Check out is at 12pm. Since our flight was at 4, we asked to have a late checkout, and they provided us with a 2pm check out. Overall, we would definitely consider staying here again	
Jun 9 2009 	Looking tired	I stayed here on business.The standard was the usual crowne plaze level and was central enough to get a taxi or metro to the exhibition centre at McCormick.The breakfast was extra but did find the food good quality and value for money compared to other crowne plazas in other countries.Very long wait to check out and wih I done this the night before.Best thing is you walk out of the hotel and round the corner is all the big department stores, plus a whole series of streets you will have seen in countless movies.	
Jun 8 2009	Don't Waste Your Money!	Upon arrival we checked in. Once we reached our floor we stepped out of the elevator and the cleaning lady was sitting on the floor taking her break drinking her water and eating something.The room was ok but not worth the $$. My daughter went to use the bathroom and the door came off the track. The door is really heavy and you have to lift it from the front, it took two people lift it and put it back on the track.We called down to the front desk and ask for a maintenance person to come up and fix the door. We waited and waited no one showed up. The door again came off the track, this went on for a full day. Finally the next day my son inlaw told a cleaning lady in the hall and she called to have some one come up immediately that it was dangerous. Well it was dangerous not only could someone physically get hurt but God forbid there was a fire you wouldn't be able to get out of the bathroom.Then there was the BEAR Convention. Well they took over the whole lobby the whole weekend. Plus the men holding hands and hanging on eachother was Not a pleasant sight.The worst was being in the dining room facing the patio and have to watch these 300lb + gay men carryon.My son inlaw went to the front desk and they told him the next time they took over the lobby to have security called. Well they took over the lobby the whole weekend and from the front desk you could see it!Then last but not least when I made the reservation I was told there was a pool. I packed my suit and was all ready to go to the pool. I called the front desk to ask where the pool was. I was told they don't have a pool but have access to the use of a pool....2 Blocks away! Like we were going to walk to blocks to the pool NOT.When we returned home I called the corporate office to tell them of my experience and the lady really didn't care. She was abrupt and rude. One thing she wanted to do.... giveme 5000 points to stay at one of there hotels in the future. I told her to keep her points.Save your money and go to a Hotel 6 or Courtyard!	
Jun 1 2009 	Great bar service	My comrade and I stayed here during the most recent NRA restaurant show. Despite warnings about a parking fee, no such thinhg was added to our bill. We didn't have a vehicle, but I had read some reviews that complained about the fee being added nonetheless. The room was nice and comfortable and the beds were awesome. Plenty of pilows! The bar service was the highlight of our three day trip. A bartender named Paul was on duty every night during our trip. He was attentive, helpful, fast and had good recollection of our drinks from the previous night. He did a good job of making suggestions from the food menu and was equally as attentive to guests at the bar and in the immediate lounge area. He's an actor at heart, but he should consider making this his full time profession, because he's damn good at it. Breakfast service wasn't quite as impressive, so if you're in a hurry, skip it.	
May 18 2009 	Paper thin walls make bad neighbors into smoke filled loud torture.	You know how the FBI blasted obnoxious music into the Branch Davidion compound in Waco as a form of psychological torture... well that is basically the Crown Plaza Metro. I arrived on a Saturday and had a presentation on Sunday, an important presentation.I took my family with as we only live 3 hours away and the drive would be a good get-away for them while I was at my meeting. My daughter is 9. She is allergic to smoke so we got a non smoking room. By about 2 a.m. our room was filled with cigarette smoke and her eyes were puffy and she was sneezing incessantly.At 12:30 a.m. the neighbors in a room separated by a connecting door started having a frat party and brought a stereo with a substantial woofer and started playing 120 bpm dance music all night. At 1 a.m., 3 a.m., 5 a.m., and 7 a.m. we called the operator and requested they put a stop to the loud music and smoking, to no avail. The trucks whizzing by on the interstate were very loud but a welcome disruption from the terrible dance music shaking our walls. We eventually opened the balcony so my daughter could breath and were up all night.I'm a private contractor and the parking and hotel room cost over $300 dollars for a one night stay. We would have gotten more rest sleeping in our car in a parking garage. I've had better experiences at the Motel 6.If you being kept awake all night and psychologically tortured, stay here.	
Apr 19 2009 	Comfortable room for a relaxing weekend	For my first extended trip to a big city (I'm from a small Midwestern town), the Crowne Plaza was excellent. I chose to stay here because I wanted to stay somewhere different than the hotels around my hometown. I was not disappointed. From the moment I stepped out of the taxi, the experience was great. The staff was great and knowledgeable. The hotel is very warm and inviting. The lobby is huge and beautifully decorated. The room (King suite 1531), was beyond what I had imagined. It had a seperate living room, with a TV, desk, chair, and sofa (which pulled out to a bed). Beyond that was the bathroom and bedroom. For seclusion, if there was anyone staying on the sofa bed, you could have privacy in the bedroom by closing the door. The bedroom also had a TV, and the most comfortable bed I have ever laid in. The balcony had a stunning view of the Greek Town (Greek Walgreen's right across the street), and to the left, the Sears Tower. The bathroom was equally stunning. I loved the rainfall shower head; it was very relaxing. The lighting in the entire room was able to be dimmed, which was great. I can't wait to go back.	
Mar 31 2009 	A pleasant surprise	We stayed at the Crowne the last weekend in Feb. We had never stayed there and weren't quite sure what to expect. The staff were all very friendly and welcoming. It is a great location if you are interested in dining ...some great spots just to the north that are within walking distance. Our group had corner king rooms...the rooms were a little cozy, but the beds were very comfortable.Great value and a spot I would highly recommend.	
Mar 26 2009 	Pretty Average Stuff	I stayed at the Crowne Plaza 3/13/09-3/15/09. Would I recommend it to a friend? It depends.... If they are doing business in the neighborhood, yes. If they are sightseeing in Chicago - No. If a Gym is important to them - NO (a thousand times NO!) The rooms are nice but if you are in Chicago to sightsee, there are much better choices, much closer to the sights.As I said, the room was fine, the best features were: the very large desk, free (though very slow) wired,or wireless internet, and the nice flat screen TV. The shower head was mounted to an extension arm to provide the 'rain' affect. The ceiling was too low though and the shower head felt like it was nearly touching my head. Nothing else about the room stood out for me.Location, as has been mentioned, is good; especially if you are working in the neighborhood. The MTS station is within a 15 minute walk so there is easy direct access from O'Hare via the Blue Line. I love to walk and though this is a bit far from most of the sites, even the lakefront is only a brisk 30 minute walk. Unless it is raining or bitterly cold, Chicago is a great spot to meander and sightsee. The hotel is located in 'Greek Town', so there are a number of choices for good meals. There are also a number of other restaurant choices within a few blocks - including a nice variety to the west. I had a good meal and quick, friendly service at the bar, even though I had arrived at 9:50PM.The worst part for me was the workout room which is definitely substandard compared to other hotels that I have stayed at in the Chicago area. The ceilings appear to be 7 feet, which in addition to giving a claustrophobic and closet type feeling to the room are so low that when I was on the treadmill I nearly bumped my head. (I'm only 6'2&quot;, but the machine adds 8-10 inches depending on the incline). The equipment was old and worn out and was of especially poor quality for a hotel of this rating. It would be like having a 1985 12&quot; Emerson TV in the room instead of a flat screen. Speaking of TV's (in the workout room), they are small and have no provision for ear phones, so everyone is pretty much forced to watch the same channel unless you want conflicting audio or no audio. There are only a couple of weight machines and they are also substandard and nearly useless for getting a good workout. There is a good assortment of dumb bells. Obviously the gym is very important to me. I'd rather pay an additional $10/day for a gym that has new, quality, equipment with higher ceilings than have a free gym that is so terrible. Much lesser hotels in Chicago have much nicer gyms; I think that this was an afterthought - stuck in a converted conference room and not really important to the hotel management.Last year I was in hotels nearly 3 nights out of every week. This one did nothing to impress me or standout. The room was probably a B to B+, but for me, it is the whole experience that sets the hotel apart, not just the comfort of the room. I guess I'm weighing the gym's D- grade too heavily, but that matters a lot to me. I paid $180/night and honestly could have stayed in a comparable (or nicer) room with a better gym for $75-$100/night using the 'bidding feature' of a popular website. If this Crowne Plaza wasn't close to my customer, I doubt that I would come back.	
Mar 22 2009 	Cool Hotel/Cheaper Parking ten steps away.	Updated contemporay style. rooms with balconies and interesting location in Greek Town are great atributes. Located in near west side, it's bit of walk to the loop. Cabs and buses nearby.Hotel resturant is also stylish and friendly but very slow service. Greek resturant row and Starbucks one block south. Big grocery store (Dominick's) across the street to the north has everything...including another Starbucks. Across the expressway bridge is &quot;Old St. Pat's--very friendly Catholic church with great music. Norh 2 blocks is Randolf street upscale trendy resturants.Rooms and bathrooms are not big but well appointed. Bathroom door is sliding glass and doesn't feel as priviate as some would wish--good enough I guess. Wish room had a small refrigerator.DON'T USE THE HOTEL PARKING UNLESS YOU NEED IN AND OUT SERVICE. Directly across the street to the west is a much cheaper lot. By the way if you are meeting guests in the resturant the hotel parking is free for them with validation.	
Jan 1 2009 	Book Crowne Plaza -you will not be disappointed	Following a five day break in NYC, we followed this up with a four night break in Chicago. This is our second trip, the first being for a wedding when we stayed in the Drake hotel. Much preferred the Crowne Plaza, despite it was further out from the main tourist attractions. Rooms were excellent. Bed so comfortable that I could have taken it home with me. Service at hotel was second to none. All I can say is try this hotel you will not be disappointed.	
Dec 11 2008 	Excellent stay in Chicago	I stayed at the Crowne Plaza Metro for a conference in Chicago and stayed two nights. The hotel rate for the conference was lower than the state rate and very reasonable (for Chicago). I had a king bed/no smoking room on the eighth floor that looked out over the parking lot and the Dominicks food store. While it was a little noisy, it wasn't anything that kept me awake. The bed and linens were very nice - I love cotton blankets instead of acrylic - and there were lots of pillows. The desk space is nice and has plenty of outlets, but I only wished that it was possible to sit at the desk and see the television (which was a very nice flat screen). The room safe was big enough for my laptop and is free. The amenities are nice, plenty of soft towels, and a spacious counter are in the bathroom. I wore my white socks during my time in the room and based on that the carpet is very clean. I loved that there was a food store, drug store, and a variety of restaurants in Greek town just down the street (within 3 blocks). It is a hike to the Loop, but a short and cheap cab ride will get you there. The housekeeping was nice and, as a priority club member, I had turndown service without asking. The exercise room was clean and offered a container of Clorox cloths to wipe down equipment. Some of the equipment seemed to need a tune-up, but it was a slightly more complete gym that you usually see. Overall I think the Crowne Plaza Metro Chicago was worth the money and a good place to stay.	
Dec 1 2008 	Don't worry book here!	If you're like me, you have probably been obsessing over where to stay - you want your holiday to be great and worry-free, so you've been checking out Tripadvisor reviews till your head spins. Well, stop it!!! Just go ahead and reserve a room here. The rooms are very modern, clean, comfortable...felt like home. Great bathroom. Nice to have a balcony. Front desk was great. We didn't go to the onsite restaurant - too many other places to explore in Chicago. We just took a cab anytime we wanted to go somewhere downtown - would have walked but it was November and the freezing rain was a bit of a deterrent. Taxi was not expensive at all to get to Magnificent Mile area (about 7 bucks if I remember correctly).You MUST go to the blues bar just a couple of doors down the street. They have live music on weekends and the bands there were just fabulous. We were there early - apparently Chicagoans start their evenings at about midnight - so we got to know the band before everyone and their dog showed up. We also went to an Irish pub nearby - had lots of fun, very friendly female bartenders. Walgrens next door is fun for us Canadians too, especially at 3am when you think you really need to get a pair of gloves that peel potatoes.Loved Chicago, people were friendly, who cares about the weather when you have a great hotel as a home base. So, have a great time and enjoy this great city. Now you can start to worry about what clothes to pack instead of where to stay...	
Oct 20 2008	Truly Delighted at the Crowne Plaza	I was very very lucky to get this hotel on Hotwire. The location was perfect for me because I needed to be near Union Station. It is not in the loop so you do have to walk a little bit to get to the loop, but I wasn't in Chicago for sightseeing.The rooms are comfortable and nicely appointed. Great lighting, colors, furnishings. The bed was one of the most comfortable beds I've ever stayed in! I wanted to take it home. The bathrooms are clean and modern. There is a widescreen flat panel tv in the room and a balcony that you can walk out onto. They have lots of little thoughtful extras like earplugs, eye mask, and a relaxation cd in the room (although I have no idea who listens to that stuff...). Internet access is free as is the gym. Parking was a little more expensive ($35 a night) but super easy and you don't have to wait for 15 minutes for them to get your car... it is right outside. All in all I was very very happy at the Crowne Plaza and would definitely come back.	
Aug 12 2008 	Decent Hotel Marginal Location	The hotel was recently (2-3 yrs) renovated and though the rooms are a bit small, they are very clean and modern: flat panel TV, two-tone paint, halogen reading lights over the beds, white subway tile in the bath, and a rainfall shower head. Our room was on the Halsted Street side, and away from the highway. Though we were close to the interstate, there was no issue with noise.Our only issue was location. The hotel is about 5 blocks out of the west loop, and roughly the same distance to the nearest subway station. Between CTA, cabs and walking, Chicago is a very easy city to get around. Just know that you will be away from the primary business area as well as the major tourist areas.We booked based on price and got the room for about $225 night (including taxes and fees) from an Orbitz package deal. If you are trying to stretch the budget a bit and don't mind walking a few extra blocks, this place is fine. If you want to be in the heart of the city, look for a place on Michigan Ave.	
Jul 15 2008 	Hotel in Chicago	The location is very convenient: walking distance from Greektown and all its restaurants, from the Loop and the Sears tower and if you want to go further you can use the metro. Do not park there the lot is ridiculusly expensive ($35/day). In the week-end you can get good deals at nearby lots ($10-$15 dollar a day).One drawback on this hotel: it is just above the I-90/I-94 and the insulatoin is not good so you can hear all the traffic. They do provide earplugs.	
Jul 10 2008 	Wonderful if not Fabulous	I would say 5 STARS! Our room was very moder looking. The bathroom with dimming lights for a relaxing shower, bright lights for make-up. Just perfect. The beds and pillows are what I call heaven on earth. The service, wonderful. The food, could not get enough of. In the heart of where we needed to be in all different directions. Perfect location. Catered to. Exceptional! The view was very pretty, amazingly did not expect it.	
Jul 9 2008 	nice hotel in greektown	Nice modern rooms with good work desk, plasma tv, sound machine. Hotel on the edge of Greektown above the freeway with a Dominick's &amp; Walgreen's across the street. Good business hotel, but if you want to be in the middle of the loop, be prepared to walk several blocks to shopping, sights and restaurants other than Greek. Business center conveniently located adjacent to front desk to print boarding passes for flights after check out.	
Jul 6 2008 	Appreciated most by a tourist	I visited Chicago for the first time this July 4th weekend. It was SOOOO hard trying to decide which hotel location was the best. I was most interested in location rather than price or hotel chain. The Crowne Plaza Metro is wonderfully located for a tourist who wants an all-around experience without leaving the downtown area. It is located on the main &quot;Greektown&quot; street which primarily is several blocks of Greek restaurants (sit-down dining and fast food) and residences. On one side of the hotel is a Walgreens and the other side is Dominick's grocery store (subsidiary of Safeway). Sears Tower is about four short blocks away from the hotel in which you cross the Interstate and Chicago River.The hotel parking was $35/night but I parked across the street (west) and paid $20/night. At first, I thought &quot;Why did I rent a car when I could just take public transportation?&quot; but then there were a few times I'm glad I had the car to zip around the outskirts. Truly, though, there is no need for a car. The train is very inexpensive from O'Hare to downtown and the bus (Route 20) stops at the entrance of Dominick's and goes all the way to Millennium Park (the huge park next to the lake).One or two blocks south of the hotel Route 124 (or 126?) can also take you to generally the same block over by the park. I made the mistake of driving my car to the Sears Tower and parking in their parking facility. I was slapped with a $31 charge just to park for about 2 hours. Parking everywhere downtown (except for sparsely-available meters) was VERY expensive. It was the only negative about my whole trip.This hotel is clean and new and modern looking even though it's a renovated old structure. It's right next to the Interstate but well insulated so you can't hear noise. Also, there really isn't a perfectly-located room because you're going to see the John Hancock building on one side of the hotel and Sears Tower on the other no matter which room you choose. Every room has a balcony.It's best to go to the Sears Tower Observatory in the late afternoon because of where the sun shines on the buildings, and go in the morning to the John Hancock Observatory because of the same reason. Both observatories give you a different view and perspective. I was glad I took the &quot;Skyline Cruise&quot; from Navy Pier because the distant, all-incompassing view of the skyline was really neat. For the river cruise, I simply paid the water taxi price and used that trip to bring my from the Navy Pier back to Union Station where I got off and walked two blocks to the hotel. The river cruise was $30 which was basically narrated, but the one-way water taxi was only $6 for the same route and distance.Lastly, if I return I now know the Hotel Monaco, Hotel 71, or Holiday Inn or Westin right on the Chicago River would be the four I would choose based on price at the time. All four of those hotels seemed like THE BEST location for a second trip. But, the Crowne Plaza was the best for a first trip because I felt right outside of the skyscrapers but only steps away.	
Jul 1 2008 	Average	Nothing special. What we like about the hotel 1) Nice location 2) Clean rooms 3) Small extras in room were nice. ( Ex. Dream machine and plasma TV) Cons 1) Small hotel with no extras 2) Hostess at restaurant very rude 3) Car was parked 2 blocks from hotel 4) Staff rushed and unprofessional. They often made numerous comments they had booked 2 wedding receptions and were to busy to accommodate their guests.	
Jun 27 2008 	Upscale stay just a little west of the Loop.	This hotel is not quite in the Loop, just two blocks West right on the border of Greektown. Because of this you can get a top notch high class room without having to pay the ransom they demand by hotels in the Loop.The hotel had very nice staff and the room was very well done. It had upscale furnishings including a chaise lounge. It had all the Crowne Plaza sleep amenities and was very clean and comfortable.The bathroom was smallish, but had a very unique sliding glass door (made of frosted glass that you can't see through) which saved room. The faucet and shower heads were not standard but rather very unique and upscale. However, the ceiling to the shower was very low. If you are taller than 6'6&quot; you may not fit in the shower easily. (Also our double bedded room only had three towels and we had to ask for more).But the best asset of the hotel is its location to some less expensive and very unique dining options in Greek town just one block south of the hotel. There are no less than 15 Greek restaurants and some that are very high class within a three block walk from the hotel. The neighborhood is very safe and you are just a short walk from Union Station and the west side of the Loop. You can easily grab a taxi, hop on a bus or the El or do like we did, walk to the Chicago River and grab a water taxi to Navy Pier to get to the East Loop.	
Jun 20 2008 	Great hotel	My wife stayed here on a business trip to Chicago. Very nice room with a great view, large bed, and many &quot;extra&quot; ammenities. She encountered two &quot;small&quot; problems. The high-speed internet was anything but fast and the room was next to the elevators show it was a bit noisey. Overall, she was very pleased.	
May 23 2008 	Fabulous hidden gem	Just wanted to drop a quick review. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at your hotel. While I was initially concerned tha ethe hotel was not located inside the &quot;Loop&quot; I realized the location actually was great as it located just west of the west loop and it was about a 8 minute walk to my meeting in the loop. I also enjoyed the terrific iews of the chicago skyline.Hope to be back soon!	
May 11 2008 	Great for Newbie	This was my first non-business trip to downtown Chicago. Took my teenage son for his first visit to the Windy City on his spring break. Wanted a safe, nice spot, with a touch of an upscale experience.This hotel delivered and offered a great rate. It is easy to drive to, on Madison Ave.a djacent to and (fortunately for me) visible from the John Kennedy Expressway. Very near Union Station and the Sears Tower. We were able to leave our car parked safely in the hotel's lot (there is a parking fee) and walk, use public transportation or cab (only a $7 fare to the theatre district.) We did the usual tourist stuff with this as our base--Art Institute, the Shedd, Sears Tower, Mag Mile, Millennium Park, saw &quot;Wicked&quot;, etc. Felt safe and always oriented. My son pointed out the hotel from the Sears Tower.The hotel itself was simply sophisticated. Upscale, but by no means pretentious. New mattresses. Crisp linens. We liked the neutral colors, granite surfaces, flat screen TV and shimmering view from our balcony. No wireless available in the room, but worked quite nicely in the comfortable lobby. Just the right touch of city polish for us.It was in &quot;Greektown&quot;, but we didn't have time to explore as we were doing all the newbie stuff. Will use this place again on our next visit and recommend as a good starting place for your family tour or business trip.	
Apr 27 2008 	Liked this hotel a lot!	This place was a nice surprise. The staff is very pleasant and accommodating. I arrived early with no notice and they had my room ready for me. The room itself was modern, comfortable and not too noisy. The expressway is right outside but all I heard of it was a white-noise type of rushing sound. The location is great - north end of Greektown and there are at least 10 Greek restaurants within two blocks. There's also a Walgreens to the south of the hotel and a Dominick's grocery to the north. At the Dominick's service center you can buy all all-day bus pass for $5. Otherwise, it's about 4 blocks east to the Loop - an easy walk. The only criticism - but I have this of all the downtown hotels - is the parking was $35 per day.	
Apr 18 2008 	Outstanding Service	I recently stayed at the Crowne Plaza Metro for a business conference and my stay was wonderful! The hotel rooms, while not very large, are very modern, clean, and comfy. What really made my stay great though was the service. The front desk was friendly and helpful, room service was fast and friendly, and the valet was great. - when I was ready to retrieve my car, the valet had my car to me in literally 2 minutes. I would certainly stay here again. The room was nice but nothing unique, however the price was well worth the outstanding service you receive!	
Apr 15 2008 	Great stay cool hotel!	Three of us stayed here for one night to see some of downtown Chicago. Rooms are smaller than usual but very well done with modern decor, more than enough storage, and plenty of lighting. Included a desk, chair, and lounger. We were not cramped at all. I think place is older and has been renovated recently. Bathrooms smaller too, but also well done with tiered counter and modern fixtures to make space. Balcony view of the city. We really enjoyed the design in the room. Staff was fantastic! Bar and restaurant seemed on the expensive side but the ambience very nice, we went to a grocery across the street for fresh pastries and coffee instead for breakfast (a Starbuck's was located inside the grocery too). Hotel sits perpendicular to I-90, so some traffic noise is expected, but not awful. A trip due east on W. Madison gets you to Millenium Park and Art Institute. More sites nearby too. Our stay was about $100 less than similar hotels nearby. Would stay again for sure.	
Apr 12 2008 	Great Hotel	I was here for business for a few days but will return and stay here again. The hotel was clean, with modern rooms and amenities. The staff was also pleasant. Great location-- about a $40 cab ride from O' Hare. Resturanr bar closed a bit early for a weeknight-- last call was at 10:30 for some reason--but there are several good restaurants within walking distance, plus a grocery store, 24 hour walgreens and a starbucks. Easy walk to the SearsTower if you're in the mood to tour the city via trolley or double-decker bus.	
Apr 7 2008 	Crowne Plaza was Great	My husband and I only stayed one night, for our anniversary. The staff were so kind to us...brought us a small cake when they came to turn down the bed. We were upgraded to a suite. Each room had its own balcony, which was great for viewing the city. We would definitely go back!!	
Mar 31 2008 	Wonderful hotel extremely comfortable rooms good location.	The hotel was extremely comfortable. The furnishings in the room were stylish, the bed was supremely comfortable, the decor was soothing and contemporary and the free internet was excellent. The neighborhood was in a good location - there was a Starbucks around the corner, and a large supermarket across the street and numerous Greek restaurants not too far away. The Loop is a short walk away and a nice stroll to Millenium Park. I'd stay here again if the rates are good. My only complaint was that there wasn't a mini-fridge in the room.	
Mar 8 2008 	Great Hotel Awesome Service!!!!!!	This hotel is absolutely great!!!!!! Close to all of Chicagos finest points SEARS TOWER, UNITED CENTER, MICHIGAN AVE, NAVY PIER. All these locations by cab cost no more than 7 dollars. Tons of cabs in the area the longest i waited for a cab was maybe 2 minutes the doormen are great. When i arrived at the hotel they made me feel like a king and that was great. Clean rooms, great restaurant downstairs, business center, fitness center and access to a swimming pool. Highly recommend this hotel. Only thing is they charge 50 dollars per night on top of your room rate for a damage deposit which is credit when you checkout. If you stay for 7 days make sure you have an additional 350 on your credit card to pay for Damage Deposit or else the pre-authorization will not go through on your credit card	
Feb 16 2008	Great Hotel best value	We had booked 50 rooms at this shotel for AACC Convention in July 2006 through www.findtripdeal.comWe really enjoyed this hotel the location was great and the hotel stuff was very helpful. They serve breakfast at Dime restaurant which is next to the hotel. The only thing I can complain was they didn’t have any wheel chair available when we needed for one of our group member who had a problem wih his back.	
Feb 10 2008 	Best Service in Town !	My family and I were recently in Chicago and stayed at the Crowne Plaza Metro in downtown Chicago. We were a little concerned initially because it was not located on Michigan Avenue (Manificent Mile). However, that concern was quickly eliminated from the moment we arrived. The hotel is a little deceiving from the outside, but once you arrive and walk into the lobby, you begin to realize just how incredible of a hotel it is. When we pulled up to the front of the hotel, we were quickly greeted by the doorman. He was upbeat and genuinely excited to see us. We were surprised by this greeting but it did not stop there. Upon entering the hotel, we were introduced to the desk clerk by the doorman. The clerk also warmly welcomed us to the hotel and began to check us in. While she was checking us in she mentioned information about the hotel and the surrounding area which made us begin to realize that we were still very close to where we originally wanted to be. We were escorted to our room by another gentleman who gave us even more information about the hotel and the facilities available. He was very kind and outgoing and before leaving us said that he would be available it we needed anything during our stay. The room was incredible and everything looked brand new. We had been told by the gentleman that brought us to our room that they had been open now for 3 years. Each room has a balcony and we had a perfect view of the skyline of the city. Unfortunately, since it was winter, we really did not have a chance to use it much but it offered a wonderful view from our room. We never got to see our room cleaner since we were gone most of the day, but this person did a fantastic job. Our room was spotless, but it seems that way every place we went in the hotel. We only took breakfast in the restaurant, but it was delicious and the staff there was just outstanding. They were so friendly and outgoing. It seemed that every person that we encountered in this hotel was very pleasant and happy. The service we received was outstanding. Every time we asked for something, it was done immediately and always with a smile. I can not begin to say enough about this hotel in Chicago. I definitely will stay here the next trip to Chicago.	
Jan 29 2008 	Great Suprise	Had the opportunity to stay in Chicago two weeks ago. A friend had stayed at the Crowne on business and suggetsed the hotel to me. Sure glad he did. What a great hotel! Rooms were retro trendy...lobby slick urban...restaurant great. Couldn't have been better...even met the general manager. Will stay there again in March. A real treat...	
Jan 26 2008	Noisy and dingy	The room I stayed in was directly over the freeway, so there was loud highway noise all night. [They did provide earplugs and a complicated &quot;sleep machine&quot; but I couldn't figure out how to work the latter.] The room itself was dimly lit and felt dingy and the TV controller worked only intermittently . The lobby was chic, but the rest of the hotel looked badly in need of a update -- the carpets looked old and worn, narrow corridors, etc. Skip this hotel -- there are much nicer properties for the money!	
Jan 6 2008 	Nice Hotel	I stayed here in November 2007 with my wife who was attending a conference. The conference had arranged hotel rates and we paid $201 + taxes per night, which I think was a fair rate but not spectacular value.The hotel does seem to be situated a little out on a limb location-wise but the property itself is pretty smart. We had a king bed room which was at the end of a corridor. It seems that the end rooms are slightly smaller than the normal ones due to having to pinch a bit of the space for the entryway.The hotel was last refurbished (whether it was new then or not I'm not sure) in 2005 so it still feels fresh and new. The room was an ok size but nothing spectacular, but the bed was comfortable and there was good desk space for working. The TV was a nice LCD one with a large screen. The bathroom was a little disappointing - the basin unit seemed to be something much more in keeping with a Holiday Inn Express, but this is a minor matter. The hotel restaurant is very good for breakfast and reasonable value too, certainly compared to UK prices - don't bother with the buffet, order something cheaper off the menu as this will fill you up nicely.The concierge was very helpful, getting a reservation last minute for 10 people at a nice seafood restaurant. All other staff were very professional too.The only thing I didn't like about the hotel was the air conditioning. It was far too noisy and kept me awake at night, hence the 4 blob rating.	
Dec 8 2007 	Great Hotel!	This is a great hotel! It is within blocks of Union Station. The rooms are very clean and spacious. The hotel definitely appeared to be recently remodeled. The staff is friendly enough. There is full-service restaurant in the hotel. It is a bit pricey, but then all restaurants in downtown Chicago are. I would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 19 2007 	Very nice hotel.	My husband and I stayed at Crowne Plaza Metro hotel the Chicago Marathon weekend (Oct 6-7, 2007) and loved our stay. I booked through a travel company for a package deal - marathon entry and hotel. It was not my first pick because of the location being west of highway 94, but it was all that was available and it turned out great. Taxi's were always available outside the hotel. We spent $35 on taxi's in two days, which normally we would spend only $10 on a Visitors CTA pass.The hotel is located right off the highway which was super convenient. Despite being next to the highway, I found the room was quiet. In fact, it's quieter than staying in the loop. Any other hotel I have stayed at in Chicago I've been woken up to sirens in the middle of the night, but not here. The highway was just a dull hum. Plus I never heard a door slam, another TV, phone or person, nothing. I never ran into anyone in the hallway. It is quiet.Walgreens drug store and Dominics grocery store were right next door. Greektown was a great place to eat and only a two block walk.The room was very nice and recently updated as everything in it seemed new. There's a nice size bathroom (good water pressure) and balcony. Loved the beds, pillows, and linens - very comfortable. At $252/night we about got what we paid for. For that price and location, breakfast should have been included and there should have been robes, slippers, chocolates &amp; wine. Which is what you get for that price in NYC at the Fitzpatrick Hotel.The only negatives were: 1. overnight parking cost of $35/night. 2. the doorman told us he was required to take our bags up, which I thought was a lie to get a tip. Even if it is a rule, I feel we are capable of carrying our own bags (my husband is built like a linebacker and I'm a marathon runner). 3. we ordered dinner in from a local Italian restaurant and it was very difficult to eat in the room without a table. 4. I didn't like that they made a carbon copy of my credit card. When I asked about it, the desk clerk said it would go up to accounting. I asked for how long, and he of course didn't have the answer to that and I didn't want to argue about it. I didn't think anyone made carbon copies any more.We liked our stay. It really was comfortable and enjoyable.	
Nov 13 2007 	Decent hotel but parking is extra (much extra)	The hotel itself is pretty nice for an inner-city hotel. The staff is polite, although rushed. Rooms are smaller than average, probably due to being in the city.My biggest complaint is that you pay a substantial amount for the room, then have to pay another $35 to be able to park there overnight! Are you SERIOUS?!?I'm more of a country type of person, so this was not a pleasant experience for me at all. I've stayed at hotels out away from the city which had a much more relaxed atmosphere. This was way too &quot;snobby&quot; for me. I definitely won't be back.	
Oct 29 2007	Illegally Charged Credit Card DON'T EVER STAY HERE!	They had my credit card on file from a previous stay and illegally charged it at a later date (months later) and will not remove the charges. The general manager Lenard is rude and doesn't not handle customers very well. I would not ever give this hotel your credit card information.	
Oct 25 2007 	good amenities lille off the beaten path	I've stayed at this property before Crowne Plaza refurbished. It is anice upgrade. The location is several blocks west of the loop and just at the north end of Greektown. Good food opportunities within the loop and in greektown, A Dominicks 24hour grocery store within the block (Starbucks inside). Rooms on the large side, comfortable and adequate. Immediate neighboorhood is a bit shabby, but didn't seem dangerous. We walk to the opera from here.	
Oct 9 2007 	Cute un-chain-like "Boutique-style" hotel	I've stayed here a few times. Interior lobby area is chic and stylish as are the rooms which are clean and with very comfortable beds. Parking is expensive ($35 a night!), but I'll give you a tip - park one block down next to the Walgreens for $20 for overnight parking (no in-and-out but you can sometimes negotiate that with the attendant and have even got a reduced rate for multiple nights). I find the staff friendly and I haven't been bothered by the freeway noise as mentioned here. All rooms do have little balconies. A ten-block walk down Madison will take you to State street where the theaters and Macy's (formerly Marshall Fields), Filene's Basement, H&amp;M, and other stores are(and the great restaurant in the Burnham Hotel). The restaurant at the CP is adequate, kind of comfort, diner food; had a great glass of wine. It's about an $8 cab ride or so to the heart of the Magnificent Mile.	
Oct 3 2007 	An amazing hotel experience	What a fantastic hotel. Recently built and has all the amenities of an upscale hotel for a great price. Even the soap and the shower head were stellar. Front desk attendants were incredibly helpful in locating a place to eat after hours and housekeeping staff was friendly and impeccable with their detail. The entire room was clean and the bed was impossible to get of in the morning - so comfortable. Flat screen TV and cordless phone in room along with free high-speed internet access. In downtown Chicago in Greek town.	
Sep 30 2007 	Noisy location obnoxious duty manager and beware parking !!!!!!!!!!	Stayed Saturday, Sunday, 15th/16th September.First time in Chicago, a great city.This hotel location is a bit out of the main city area and right next to the highway. Extremely noisy. Open your window at your peril.I have to say that the only decent staff members I came across were Mitchell the concierge and Paul the bartender who were nice and very helpful.Front desk staff were pretty miserable and the porters have a pretty crafty tip scheme going on. When we arrived the porter lifted our cases out of the cab and put them on his trolley to take up to our room.When we checked in and turned around he had been replaced by someone else. Two tips in five minutes !!!. very sharp guys.But my main gripe was with Jose the duty manager and the car parking guys on the Saturday evening. We had left the hotel in the late afternnon to visit some elderly old friends who live out of town and who we hadn't seen for many years.We had a real nice evening with them and they drove us back to the hotel and we asked them to drop in for a few minutes for quick nightcap On entering the hotel car park there was a sign stating 'Valet Parking Only. My friend gave his car to the valet and we went insidefor a drink. After around 40 minutes they came to leave and when he went to get his car he was asked if he had paid his $10 fee to the front desk. He pleaded ignorance and he didnt know about a fee.It would seem that there is a sign stating the charges but this is very 'conveniently' slightly angled facing in the same direction/away from drivers entering the car park and you would need to look backwards to see it. So you just get out and leave your car and you are caught hook line and sinker. The drivers certainly dont tell you anything about it. (Naughty) I said that I was resident and that they had only been there a very short time.I went into the hotel but had to cough up $10 before they would get him his car. Absolutely Shocking !!!This really upset my old friends and ruined our evening.Once they left I went to the front desk and spoke to the lady on duty. She stated that there was nothing she could do. I asked for the Duty Manager who was a guy called Jose.I explained the positionand suggested he refund the $10 due the our misunderstanding and the way thngs had been done. He said he couldn't and when I pressed the point he said quite strongly that he wouldn't refund it. I then said that we may consider checking out but he couldnt give a damn about that either. His attitude was obnoxious, brusque and downright cocky and not what I would expect from someone in his position.When I completed my comments card on checking out the guy on the desk said that the fee should really have been waived.It transpires that the hotel car park where the main portico stands does not belong to the hotel which I find very strange. Apparantly there is a private company who own it and make the charges.It is $35 to park overnight. That's one whole lotta cash for a few days.So will we stay hear again NO WAY. This hotel needs to give most staff some lessons in customer manners and service. The car park fees should be clearly displayed at the entrance and not craftily angled so that they are very difficult to see.	
Sep 20 2007 	Mixed Feelings about Crowne Plaza	Booked room at the Crowne Plaza Metro because The Allegro didin't have any rooms.On the Plus SideRoom was spacious and stylishly decoratedBathroom was good sizedEverything was very cleanRoom safe was large enough to hold laptopOn the Minus SideLots of traffic noise (all night) from the nearby highway - guests are provided ear plugs(!?!) to help them sleepPhone in my room did not workCalled front desk using my cell phone to report phone problem and they said they would send someone right up to check on it, but no one ever came Clock radio/CD player had about 15 different buttons and I could not figure out how to set the alarm	
Sep 15 2007 	Couldn't of been happier with Crowne Plaza	We stayed at Crowne Plaza Metro Labor Day Weekend 2007! We booked the hotel threw Priceline. Originally I was a bit skeptical because it was west of the expressway. However, after arriving in Chicago I was happy with our location and price. Check-in couldn't have been smoother! On the first night we had 2 double bed room on the third floor. They let up upgrade to a king room on the second night on the sixth floor. Both rooms were extremely nice. The ratings say it's a three star hotel. But, I disagree and I would say it's more like 4 stars. On the first night our room was supposedly smoking... but couldn't even tell! An extra plus was the balcony. How many hotels in Chicago have a balcony??? Not many! Service was also great. The bell man bent over backwards for us... or maybe it was our tipping!Great location to Greek town &amp; Little Italy, easy to catch the CTA buses, quick walk to Oprah's studio, and even to Sear's Tower. On the first day we walked all the way to Grant Park to Magnificent Mile and then back to hotel... Which is a long walk... Hence the blisters! I would definitely stay here again!!!	
Sep 10 2007	Pretty decent hotel would stay again!	This hotel is in a fairly decent location, basically in Greektown with restaurants and shops nearby. You are right by the highway, which does cause some noise though my group didn't find it unbearable. Being near the highway made it convenient for us driving into Chicago. The hotel is then about 5-6 blocks from an El train Blue Line stop into the Loop proper to go anywhere else in Chicago. We never felt unsafe in Greektown or on the train even with late night walking, at least in the areas we were in. Indeed, even late at night there seemed to be enough people around to not feel isolated. FInally, it is possible to walk to the Loop, though it's probably an easy mile to the Loop. It's probably two miles to Michigan Mile shoppingThe room is perhaps a little small, but not horribly so and pretty standard for downtown hotels. You also do get a balcony to look out from. They had a fairly clever way of dealing with a bathroom door that would otherwise take up space and be awkward to open and close out - they made the door a sliding door! Decor and amenities were nice and the bed was newer/comfortable. Maybe the only things I didn't care for is in regard to decor is: 1) there are halogen lights over the bed with switches on the wall (in addition to other lamps though you'd have to get out of bed to turn those on/off). These lights were either on or off - and pretty bright when on, and 2) the thermostat is digital and had a tendency to blink brightly on and off when other lights were turned out. The second night we took a cap and hung it on the thermostat to keep the room dark (though it didn't bother me).Staff was generally pretty pleasant and helpful, though the valet and night security was more so than the Front Desk themselves. Our requests were pretty quickly handled and that helped make for a good stay.Downsides include the second night we stayed there was a large group of handicap people in the hotel. This, of course, wasn't a problem just because they were handicapped but did cause delays on the elevators. I'm not sure, however, what could've been done for the guests - both connected to the group and not. There are no guest rooms on the first floor but perhaps the hotel could have scheduled different elevator service?Parking is expensive at $35/night, though it's the same price for valet or regular (other than tip, I suppose). Reading from other reviews, if/when I return I would consider looking for nearby options that are relatively less expensive. My guess is the hotel is taking advantage of people willing to pay for convenience.The hotel's other amenities - restaurant, business center, exercise room, etc. are all ones I cannot comment on as we didn't use them.Overall, I would stay again if in the area.	
Aug 26 2007 	Got bumped and this is where they sent us	We were trying to get home, and having a horrid day thanks to the air lines. After a nightmare that ended in being bump off the last flight before home, the Crown Plaza was where we were put up for the night.First the shuttle service to and from the airport is great. They have friendly helpful drivers. The bus is clean and comfortable. They make runs back and forth to the airport 24 hours a day at least every half hour.The people at the front desk checked us in very quickly. They knew of course that we had been bumped from our flight and not planning on staying there, and so offered all the help they could. My cell phone had almost died, and I had no way of re-charge it, so one the lady behind the desk gave me her phone charger to use until I had my phone back up.Our room on the fifth floor was lovely. There wasn't anything for a view, but at that point in my day all I wanted was long hot shower and a good night’s sleep. Speaking of which, the bed I believe must be fairly new and they were so very comfortable. Four fluffy pillows on each bed [we had room with two doubles], and wrap up in warmth white comforters. In the bath I found the biggest towels I’ve ever seen in a hotel. You could easily wrap them around with some left over. Ahh…All of this lead to good night rest and a much better look out on life at five the next morning when we had to get up to go back to airport. I loved the Crown Plaza.	
Aug 18 2007	Beautiful hotel Problem with noise	The rooms in the hotel are beautiful. Really modern and fabulous decorating. We stayed for 3 nights. However, at night, the noise coming in through the air-conditoner is terrible. You hear all the noises of the city. The hotel is located beside a highway. It was so noisy, we had 3 very poor nights sleep. The management obviously didn't soundproof the rooms at all.It's a beautiful hotel, but there is a really unusual problem with outside noise. (We were on the 8th floor) I wouldn't stay here again for this reason.	
Aug 14 2007 	Enjoyed the Crowne Plaza	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The hotel was very clean and the staff extremely friendly. The location was perfect for us to go to Lincoln Park, as well as the restaurants that are popular such as Rainforest Cafe, Hardrock Cafe, Ed Debevics and Gino's East. The only negative was parking which cost $35/night, but there was parking available across the Expressway for $20/night. We were very happy to have Dominic's and Walgreen's across the street for last minute items as well as groceries.	
Aug 5 2007	Very Nice Hotel	Stayed at this hotel for a Cubs game, and Milwaukee day trip and had a fantastic stay. The aneminities were amazing, the rooms were very cozy... the bar/restaraunt in the lobby was an extremely good time.Giordanos and Greek Town is within walking distance and there is a walgreens and dominicks right across the street.You are going to have to take a cab to certain areas of the city but it is definitly one of the nicer, laidback establishments in chicago!!! highly recomended and am wiling to be contacted for any other info.	
Jul 11 2007 	Nice hotel	I stayed 5 nights at the Crowne Plaza Chicago Metro, June 12 to June 17, 2007.I stayed in a standard room, non smoking with 2 queen size beds.It was a very nice room. It was clean, fresh, had a safe, had a comfortable bed, it was large enough for me, and it had a large bathroom.It had a nice flat screen TV and about 30 channels. My room was quiet and I could not here much of other guest during my stay at the Crowne Plaza Chicago Metro.It was good water pressure in the shower and it was 6 fast elevators, never any wait for the elevators. The air condition was a little loud, but was efficient making the room comfortable. It is just a few blocks to Greek Town of Chicago, and I went several times to Pegasus for both lunch and dinner.Behind the hotel it is a Walgreens and in front of the hotel there is a Dominick's grocery store, there you could buy water/sodas/ liquor/beer, fruits and sandwiches, very convenient. I used the business centre and Internet access was $5 for 30min. A little expensive but I was pleased with the service at the business centre. I was very pleased with my stay at Crowne Plaza Chicago Metro, and I would not mind staying at Crowne Plaza Chicago Metro the next time I am going to Chicago.	
Jul 11 2007 	Trendy and hip hotel	My fiance and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza Metro and was amazed. We came onto Trip Advisor before booking the reservation and saw that the hotel was newly renovated and had updated amenities. We were planning on attending the Taste of Chicago and wanted something that was within walking distance, but was not extremely expensive. We arrived from South Bend, Indiana on the South Shore train at their Millenium station on Randolph &amp; Michigan. We walked about 12-15 blocks to the hotel and it was not a bad walk at all. We didn't want to pay to $2 to get on a bus to the hotel when we were planning on getting the All day pass once we got there for $5. There was lots to see and additional people walking as well so we felt safe. When we arrived we did not wait in a long line and was given our keys within 10 minutes. The room was beautiful. Flat screen plasma tvs, opaque window doors to the bathroom, dimming lights...it was very trendy as a whole. The room was a little small, but for 2 people it was just fine. We were directed by concierge to Dominick's (literally across Madison street) to go and pick up a $5 All Day pass for the buses that you can use for 24 hours after you swipe it for the first time. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!! The different buses took us up and down Madison, Michigan, to Grant Park, and to Navy Pier. Buses ran about every 10 mins, which isn't bad. The parking lot next door to the hotel is a great way for friends to park that is cheaper than the hotel parking itself if there are certain events that friends or even you need parking. It is a safe establishment.As a whole our experience was wonderful and made easy. I recommend this hotel to anyone, especially anyone under the age of 30 (since it is such a trendy &quot;IKEA inspired&quot; hotel.) But be warned, when they say it is located in the Loop...it is far west loop.	
Jul 6 2007 	Great location	We just stayed there on a business trip and were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the room and facilities. The lobby &amp; rooms were very attractive, free in-room wired internet, no charge for local calls or 800-number access, good cable selections. The only drawbacks was that all parking was valet (even though the lot was directly in front of the hotel and we retrieved the car ourselves) and problems with our reservation (single king, non-smoking, high floor) that ended up being twins beds, fourth floor (at least it was non-smoking).The hotel is just inside Greek town, so you can walk south about two blocks and run into a series of great greek restaurants &amp; bakeries. There's also a walgreens and a domenici's (safeway) right next door for anything else you might need.	
May 29 2007 	This Hotel Is Great	I love this hotel.	
May 14 2007 	Ikea Chic cheaply contemporary but not bad	My partner and I stayed at the Metro Crowne Plaza this past weekend. It was nice, but not what I expect from a Crowne Plaza. It was more like a contemporary Holiday Inn Express. Think, Target or Ikea contemporary. The Internet requires a cord which is kind of a pain if you want to use your computer in bed. The website states marble bathrooms, which is what most Crowne Plazas have, this just has the standard tiled bathroom, thought the vanity has a kind of cool faucet, which is to the left side and kind of makes it odd when washing your face. Both light bulbs in one desk lamp were blown and the lights over the bed turn off at random. Over all this was a nice hotel though, however if you are looking for more luxury, I would recommend either the Allerton crowne plaza or the Intercontinental.	
Mar 6 2007 	Nice Location is the Only Thing worthwhile	I stayed at the Crowne Plaza Metro for three consecutive weeks for a business related function. The rooms are nice and I never experienced any problems with the housekeeping, but, these are the only things that were problem free. I always requested a King Bed No Smoking room on my reservations, but it seemed that every Monday when I checked in, all the Kind beds we already occupied. I know this was a load as I was with a group of 50 and there were people that checked in after me and got King beds. Of the 4 meals I ordered from the restaurant, 3 had problems and had to be returned. I finally gave up and started going down to Greek Town. As for the 'High-Speed' internet, dial-up is faster. The fitness facility is composed of two stationary bikes, 2 tread mills, two ellipticals and some dumbells. The pool that the website shows is actually two blocks East located in the Presidential Towers condominium. Now, you may think that this is not a real issue...think 500 people vying for the same equipment. Our group did get great rates, 109.00/night and I think we got about the same service.	
Nov 22 2006 	Very good service nice atmosphere	We stayed here with friends for a recent business/pleasure trip. The location worked well for the men, the interstate is right by the hotel. For the ladies, we had the option of taking cabs or buses to various sights, but ended up getting several miles of fun walking exercise instead. We loved the Greek Town locale; there was a plethora of interesting Greek restaurants in a row all with Zagat ratings, plus a few carryout places and the token pizza spots as well. We chose to eat at the Greek Islands, which was excellent. The aromas around the area invite a stroll around there.We didn't dine in the hotel, but did go for after dinner drinks and it was quite pleasant, though a bit smoky in the bar. We paid $110 for our room bidding on Priceline. Our room was on the 8th floor. You can hear a bit of traffic noise, but it's not bad; more like a hum. They have a dream machine by the bed with a CD which has soft sounds and they provide ear plugs, sleeping masks and lavender sheet spray. Nice touch. Bed linens were very nice and the mattress was comfortable.There was an iron, hair dryer, makeup mirror, modern shower head, large corner desk, flat screen TV,safe and a 4 cup coffee maker with ceramic mugs. Room movies are available, classic cable channels are free. A daily newspaper is provided. The room was spacious and decorated in earth tones. Each room has a balcony with sliding doors. The lobby was modern with oversized furniture decorated in browns, blacks and reds. There is a business center off the lobby with several computers and printers. There is a small fee per hour, but the hotel clerk gave us free access to print boarding passes. This friendly service was another perk here. The hotel offers an airport shuttle for $25. On site parking, whether self or valet, is $35 day. There is a small exercise room on the second floor with 3 Precor treadmills, ellipticals and 4 Cycle Ops bike trainers. There are balance disks and exercise balls in two sizes, plus a whole wall of free weights. The hotel advertises an outdoor pool however it was covered for the winter.	
Nov 8 2006	Great place not so great housekeeping	My mother-in-law, sister-in-law, and I stayed at this hotel during our visit to Chicago in mid June, 2006. The rooms are fabulous. The bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept on. The view is fantastic. It is located right by Greek town, with plenty of good food. Every afternoon and early evening you could smell fresh baked chocolate chip cookies from Dominick's, the grocery store across the street. It is a short walk to Giordanno's, the BEST pizza place in Chicago. There is a bus stop just across the street with regular stops. However, the housekeeping left quite a bit to be desired. We stayed for 3 nights, 4 days. Our trash was NEVER emptied. We had ordered in Chinese the first night we were there, and the bags continued to sit there until we left. We had to ask for fresh towels. They at least made the beds everyday. Other than that, the service was great, very helpful, and friendly. The bellman always made sure we knew where we were going when we left in the mornings. What a nice man!!	
Oct 30 2006 	Super service Super friendly	In October my wife and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza Chicago Metro. The service was outstanding. Everyone in the hotel from the bellman to the bartender was extremely friendly and helpful. Our room was a delight. The ultra modern decor was a welcome change from the typical Holdiay Inn, Crowne Plaza type hotel. There is a well-equipped exercise room. We enjoyed talking with David, the bartender at the evening cocktail hour. Try one of David's blue cheese stuffed olives. We ate breakfast at the hotel buffet. Good way to start the day. Dinner in the hotel was very good. A little expensive, but by Chicago standards, reasonable. Another night we ate at Pegasus, a greek restaurant two blocks from the hotel. We had an assortment of appetizers and they were all good. It is causal and reservations not required. Probably the only downside is the distance of the hotel from Michigan Avenue. However, I am 71 and my wife is 66 and we walked from the hotel to the Art Institute on Michigan Avenue in less than 30 minutesand enjoyed every minute of the walk. . Other reviewers of this hotel have outlined ways to get around by cab, bus and subway. Overall, a great stay.	
Oct 15 2006 	Nice hotel but beds aren't comfortable	The rooms have a great modern decor and I love Crowne Plaza hotels but the beds aren't comfortable. They have all the new bedding but not a new mattress. I stayed the weekend with a friend and we both woke up with lower back pain in the morning. I know some people wrote the beds are comfortable so maybe they didn't update all the mattresses. I stayed in room 318. The room was nice and quiet. Couldn't hear neighbor rooms or hallway noise. This room rate is around $300/night on weekends but luckily I used my points otherwise I'd be pretty ticked about the price with the lack of bed comfort.Everyone at the hotel was very nice but I wouldn't recommend the Dine restaurant that's attached - very pricey and slow service. The food was good but 1 little piece of chicken and 4 tiny potatoes was not worth $16...not to mention $2.50 for a glass of coke. If you want a really good steak ask the front desk for directions to Carmichaels. Excellent steak and service and only about 4 blocks from the hotel.You're not in the heart of the city but you can get an all day bus pass from Dominick's grocery store (right across the street for $5). Bus #20 stops right in front of Dominick's and comes every 5 - 10 minutes. #20 will drop you off on Wabash (1 block from Michigan Ave) so definitely worth $5 in cold weather like we had. When we were ready to head back there was a bus stop showing #20 on the bus stop sign right on Michigan (across from Mill. park) but after waiting 15 min asked someone and was told the bus doesn't stop there on weekends...nice to know and isn't stated anywhere on the bus sign so we had to walk up a block to catch the bus back.	
Oct 14 2006	Cool Rehab Strange Location	This freeway-side hotel had once been a Rodeway Inn and had since been transformed to a boutique-quality property. The location is either great or horrible depending on your interests. It IS right next to some interesting Greektown restaurants and bars, but it is also in the middle of a windy flat parking lot hard by the freeway. The rooms have been slicked-up with flat screen TV and trendy lighting, and mine had a nifty balcony, albeit overlooking directly the freeway. The staff was helpful and the bar and restaurant in the hotel are nicely hip, offering some quite good seating set-ups for singles and groups. If you don't mind walking a bit, you can get to decent attractions or take a cab. You can't believe from the location and outside of the hotel how nicely they have &quot;W&quot;-ed it up.	
Oct 14 2006	lovely hotel but not downtown.	The hotel itself is brand new with nice public areas, tasteful rooms and great beds. The bar/restaurant is nice and all the staff were great. 2 minutes walk from Greektown with loads of good restaurants and an Irish pub with $3 Cosmos!To get downtown you need to walk 4 blocks to the subway, or get the no 20 bus from accross the road with gets you into the loop where you can walk to the mag. Mile or change to the El. At night, we used taxis to and from the hotel and never paid more than $9.Great if you don't mind this, but it is certainly not near the Magnificant mile or the lake	
Oct 5 2006 	Not if you want to do business!	This hotel is a mixed bag. As a former Rodeway Inn, it is located away from the central business district and right on the expressways. It's typically the last stop on the airport shuttles, making for a very long drive to numerous other central hotels before you reach your destination. On the positive side, it is still very quiet, and it is in easy walk to numerous restaurants in the Greektown area, all quite reasonably priced. The rooms are modestly appointed, with the biggest problem being overhead spotlights instead of night tables and lamps--meaning that once you are in bed the unadjustable and un-dimmable spots are either in your face or no light at all. The biggest problem here is the so-called High Speed Internet service, which operates properly during the day, but come nightime, it is like a slow trickle. Two calls to the provider on my first night--when single e-mails were taking 30-60 seconds to open--resulted in a report that indeed something was wrong with the server. Promises to correct it &quot;in ten minutes&quot; were unfulfilled an hour later--while my business needs waited. A second call did no better. An effort then to go directly to hotel management was a disaster. The female night manager paid no attention whatsoever to my explanation that I had already spoken to the their provider (via 800 number in the room) and insisted that she would send a technician up to my room to &quot;get you connected.&quot; IThat conversation only got more heated and less productive, and no other manager was on duty. Finally giving up to go to bed--without completing my planned work assignments--, I went to turn on the TV only to find it not working! That required getting dressed again for a technician to come and solve the problem (which was quickly done, but greatly annoying after hours ot tech problems and totally inadequate management response).To give credit, my e-mails reporting the problems directly to Crowne Plaza corporate were answered in a few hours via e-mail (once it was working properly again the next day), and that prompted a note from a different manager left under my door (with a breakfast voucher that went unused, as my group had breakfast scheduled outside the hotel). Apparently this hotel is privately owned, operating under the Crowne Plaza banner.If you want a quiet location, a $7-10 taxi ride from most desired Chicago business or tourist locations and a medium quality of room...this is your place. If you need to do business using the Internet, look elsewhere. If you expect hotel management to listen and be responsive, run elsewhere!	
Sep 26 2006 	A great stay	My husband and I stayed here while he was on business. The service was wonderful and the rooms were quite clean and updated. The bed is amazing and I hardly wanted to get out of it. The location is very near Greektown with several tasty restaurants - Pegasus and we highly recommend a trip to the Pan Hellenic Bakery. I walked from the hotel all over the city, straight down Madison. It might be a bit of a walk for some, but the walk to Millennium Park is about 15-20 minutes. Despite the front desk staff who told us it would be too long of a walk, we walked to Little Italy but after a huge dinner, we took a taxi back. The area seemed very safe and staying at the Crowne Plaza Metro is a good opportunity to check out some of the neighborhoods.	
Aug 29 2006 	Solid Hotel Choice	This is a completely renovated hotel with brand new facilities and rooms. The location is a little out of the way for downtown, but close enough to get there quickly by transit and taxi. I was there for an event we were hosting and was pleased by the overall experience.The room was comfortable and nicely decorated. The bed was very comfortable and the work space was quite large and well laid out. I found the highway noise from 90/94 to be a bit annoying at night and would recommend the ear plugs for the truly noise sensitive. (Unfortunately, that may make hearing wake up alarms difficult.)I ordered breakfast food from room service and was pleased with both the quantity and quality. Meeting facilities were clean, efficient and well-handled by the staff.Overall, I was very pleased with my stay. I would recommend this place for folks who do not need to be right next to the Michigan Ave./Millenium Park strip, but want a reasonable close place to stay. The Greektown/Randolph Street areas are very nearby and the Dominicks and Walgreens are helpful conveniences.	
Aug 21 2006 	Great new hotel close to restaurant strip	I was pleasantly surprised by the Crowne Plaza. Firstly, note that this is probably not the hotel to pick if you are in town to shop Michigan Avenue. It's definitely a 30+ minute walk, and about a $7 cab ride to Michigan. However, if you're in town for business (or a Bulls game) and need to be close to the West Loop/Sears Tower/United Center/Greektown, this is a great spot for you.The rooms are decorated in pale green and brown. Very hotel-chic. The beds were extremely comforable--feather pillows! And lots of them. When we first checked in, there was a bag on the bed filled with lavender spray, an eyemask, and ear plugs, which I thought was a nice touch. The bathroom was really clean and tea/coffee making facilities were provided. Note that the hotel does somewhat overlook the expressway, so if you're a light sleeper, be prepared for the dull hum of traffic noise. Thank goodness for those earplugs.There's a business center in the hotel with 4 or 5 PCs and a printer. You can use the room for $5. There's a 24-hour gym, but I didn't check that out. There are no mini-bars in the room, which saved us money, but was bad when we came home thirsty late one evening and the soda machine on our floor wouldn't take bills. I was in town for a wedding, and the rehearsal dinner was in Greektown (three block walk) and the wedding was at the top of the Sears Tower, so the location was perfect. Also note that there is a huge Dominick's (Grocery store) and a Walgreen's (Drugstore) right nearby. PLUS--you are just two blocks from all the awesome restaurants on Randolph Street so there is no excuse for eating in the hotel by yourself.	
Aug 8 2006 	A little off the beaten path but great overall	I came to Chicago over Lollapalooza weekend and had a tough time trying to find a downtown hotel room. One of the only rooms available was at the Crowne Plaza Chicago Metro, so I booked it. I was a little concerned about the location as it is quite a few blocks from the Magnificent Mile/Grant Park and other sites -- definitely &quot;outside the Loop,&quot; but public transportation is convenient. I highly recommend buying a visitor pass and using the busses and trains. The Number 20 bus can take you downtown along Madison and the Number 8 Halsted Street bus is great for going to games at Wrigley Field or visting the Northalsted area. The closest El station is about 10 minutes away (UIC/Halsted). The walk takes you right through the Greektown area. The room was nice and clean and the staff was accommodating, friendly and professional. On my next visit, I might try for something with a better location, but would definitely consider staying here again.	
Jul 27 2006	OK--but the room I was in was Tiny	This hotel is well decorated and the room furnishings very nice. The room I was in, however was TINY, TINY, TINY, TINY. I barely had room to turn around.If they try to stick you in a corner room, resist with all your might.The rate is good and the location very good for Loop business.	
Jul 3 2006	Worth every penny - even the $50 dog fee	We drove in from Windsor, Canada and after a long drive and 2 hours in a toll line up (I don't think we will ever drive in Illinois again), we were grouchy and exhausted. We drove up to the hotel, and the lobby was calming, modern and very clean. The bell man and valet were very friendly (parking is $35/night). Unfortunately, I was told that they didn't accept dogs over 30 pounds. This is contrary to their website and the Priority Club booking site which say pets are accepted with no restrictions but with a pet fee. Our dog is around 60 pounds so I was distraught to think we had to head back out into that traffic nightmare. Thankfully, the woman at the front desk said it would be ok as long as I signed the waiver and paid the $50 pet fee (OUCH!).The bed was definitely the most comfortable we have found on our cross US/Canada journey. The room was incredibly quiet, and the location was great. There is grocery shopping just across the street, a drugstore around the corner. It's also just steps from Greek Town, a nice jog to the University of Illinois, and only a 20-30 minute walk to the Magnificent Mile. We were told there were buses that would take our dog, but we opted for a cab driver who took the dog instead. The cab cost $7 and took us to the end of the Mile and we walked back. It was a nice 2 hour adventure. We ordered room service for dinner and found it to be decent quality but there was a 17% service charge plus $2.50 for delivery. That is extremely expensive for an average meal. A few notes for other travellers with dogs:- some cabs will take dogs (just ask) as they have the partition in the cabs to separate the back from the front- The buses allow dogs- Some parks (the one right at the start of the magnificent mile) do not allow dogs at all. The signs are not clear and you will be escorted out by a security guard if you wander into the wrong one (we know!)- We were told there are several off leash parks in Chicago but none seemed to be in walking distance from this hotel.	
Jun 17 2006	Perfect hotel for business traveler	We had 3 rooms for the NeoCon trade show. The price was right and the rooms were very well designed, exceptionally comfortable, clean, and quiet. Walgreens and Dominicks were just across the street. Greektown restaurants were fun. Hotel service was very good. Potential negatives: Taxis were a must for getting to the Merchandise Mart or anywhere downtown. No refrigerator in rooms. We could have use more drawer space.	
Jun 2 2006	Very pleased with the hotel AND the price!	We stayed here for 5 nights in May. While this hotel is not in the heart of downtown, the #20 Bus stop is right across the street and takes you right into town in just a few minutes. The UIC/Halstead El station is 4 blocks away (took us 10 minutes to walk there).The hotel rooms were very modern, clean and spacious. The decor was attractive. There is free high speed internet access in the rooms. The bathroom had lots of counter space. The bed linens were comfortable and good quality.Our only complaint was that there was no refirigerator in the room.We were on the 10th floor and found the room to be very quiet. Road noise was never a problem.There is a 24 hour Dominick's grocery store across the street and a Walgreen's behind the hotel. This was great for last minute needs or a quick snack on the way out or back in for the night.We were most pleased with the rate. While most hotels in town were at least $200 even with gov't or AAA rates (and most were closer to $300 ), we got a government rate of $135!! Sure, it would be nice to stay in a hotel where all you do is walk out the door and the city is at your feet, but we would much rather spend the extra 10 minutes in the morning and have all that extra money to spend on sightseeing, taking in a play, etc.We would definitely stay here again!	
May 25 2006 	perfectly fine stay	We stayed 4 nights at the Crowne Plaza as we had a conference to attend at UIC. Normally we stay closer to downtown but this was just fine for our purposes - the location was very good for UIC and just short cab rides to the Loop, etc. Room was quite comfortable and nice, no complaints. Good security, staff was pleasant. Maid service very good. Safe wasn't working when we arrived but they had it fixed within minutes. The website is misleading re: parking - your only choice is valet parking at the hotel (they make it sound like you have a choice), but you can park cheaper elsewhere if you want. We didn't dine at the hotel, but did eat twice in Greektown restaurants just a very short walk away - dinner at Pegasus (very good) and lunch at Artopolis, a nice casual, salad/sandwich type place with plenty of Greek dishes, cafeteria style (and wine is available). It's also a stone's throw to Harpo Studios, so my husband suggests that if you order flaming saganake cheese at a Greek restaurant, you really must yell &quot;Oprah!&quot; There's also a handy Walgreen's a stone's throw from the hotel. You are also quite close to Little Italy, where I highly recommend the restaurant Tuscany - yum, one of my faves. We'd go back to the Crowne Plaza if we had business in the area again.	
May 18 2006	Loved Hotel..	Hotel stay itself was great. Stayed there with two kids..We loved the room, adored the fabulous beds, although they have horrible rocky pilows.We really loved the gym also. Hotel restaurant was way too expensive for us to eat in, but a two block walk to us to cheap places to eat in Greektown and also we made several trips to Domenicks grocery store across the street. Their pizza is fantastic.Only problem we had was I prepaid for trip including hotel and the Crowne Plaza charged my credit card for the room. Now I am going through a major hassle to get their charges off my credit. I am really not happy about that..I would definately stay here again but be more careful about how they charged my credit card.	
May 1 2006 	nice if you like truck traffic	first of all, remodeled or not, the place is pretty shabby looking. it's located in a lousy area, not close to downtown, but very close to I-90, if fact you feel like your ON the highway. also, they charged my credit card even after my employer had paid for the room in advance, and wouldn't refund my money until their accounting office was open on Monday. I would never stay at this hotel again.	
Apr 3 2006 	Almost perfect!	Great attempt from Crown Plaze to venture into the &quot;boutique style&quot; hotel world. Everything form the lobby to the bathroom fixtures all had a very modern and contemporary design to them.Even with such a trendy look they did not sacrifice customer service (as it was great!!!) or cleansiness. My only 2 issues are that the location is at the tip of greektown so expect a good 20 minute walk to get into the heart of downtown/loop and $1.00 for local phone calls...ouch!	
Feb 20 2006	Excellent!	Choosing a hotel is the hardest part of planning a trip. My husband and I chose Chicago to celebrate our wedding anniversary. After reading the reviews and comparing prices to other hotels, Crowne Plaza Chicago Metro was a great choice. The rooms were clean, the staff was wonderful, and the on site restaurant was great! All the sites we visited in Chicago were a quick cab ride away. This hotel will remain on our list of places to stay in Chicago!	
Feb 20 2006	Nothing Spectacular		
Jan 1 2006 	Great Chicago Lodging		
Dec 22 2005	Fantastic hotel! Great rates!		
Nov 16 2005	Great Night's Sleep!		
Oct 31 2005	Awesome deal!		
Oct 25 2005	Great great hotel		
Oct 17 2005	Fabulously Remodeled Hotel just outside of the Loop		
Sep 10 2005	Very Good Stay		
Jul 30 2005	Just Remodeled- Great Hotel		
Jan 16 2009 	???????		
