Nov 18 2009 	Super budget hotel in a great location!	Huge room, very clean, quiet, and comfortable. Valet parking &amp; bell staff were stellar. Long hours for plentiful continental breakfast so you can sleep in. One breakfast drawback is that there is no protein - I was looking for a hard-boiled egg or some yogurt at least.	
Nov 11 2009 	good value	A bit long in the tooth, but a very friendly staff, free continental breakfast and reasonable price given location ,make up for it!	
Nov 9 2009 	big breakfast buffet	stayed here for 2 nights. good location with plenty of restaurants nearby. staff helpful although not even their service could prevent the free wifi fiasco with printing. internet cafe nearby solved the issue. easy transport on the el with a transit pass only 2 blocks away. get a quiet room at the back - we didnt and the noise from staff in the side alley having a cigarette til past midnight was unpleasant. the big breakfast buffet was fab - waffles, breads, pastries, cereals, coffee, juices, fruit - yummy! good value and we loved chicago. hotel has apologised for the noise and wifi issues and promised me a free upgrade next time - shame its such a long way from the uk.	
Oct 28 2009 	pleasant stay	i only had a night in chicago, and this was close to a few restaurants and bars i wanted to check out. the neighborhood was cool and had some good shopping.i had a hard time getting into the city from here, mostly because i got confused with the buses, but it's still in a good spot.the rooms were clean, and my room was quite large, so i was pleasantly surprised.the staff were so nice and really helpful they drew up plenty of maps for me.the website had mentioned that it used to be a bit of a rock and roll hotel, and sure enough one of the bands i was in town to see were staying there! but thankfully the walls must be thick because i a very quiet, peaceful nights sleep!	
Oct 19 2009 	Girl Time!	Very Awesome! Close to everything! Rockin' City! I love Chicago!	
Oct 17 2009 	It's like being at home!	My colleagues and I have been staying at this Days Inn for many years. The location is great and it's in a converted older brick buidling. What really makes this an incredible place is the staff. They are dedicated, caring, personable --- very concerned about making your stay the best, whether for business or pleasure. This is an incredible find in a fun part of Chicago.Margaret Seidler	
Oct 13 2009 	Excellent service and value	Our family stayed at the Days Inn for the Chicago Marathon. The price was an excellent value compared to what we would have been charged for a downtown hotel. The location is still very good, in a neighborhood with many hip restaurants that looked very safe, and a few blocks from the metro/subway. Neil at the front desk was outstanding in helping us with our needs, going beyond the call of duty to ensure we had a pleasant stay. No problem with valet parking. Breakfast included the opportunity to make humongous waffles.The room was spacious, clean, about what I expected. We also had free wifi. I would definitely go back to the Days Inn.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice enough	This was my second time staying here and i really like the place, the staff are great and really helpful, there was one guy in particular who has been on the front desk everytime i have stayed, i cant remember his name but he seems to be senior and he is really nice. The room was a little small but there was enough space and you are right up the road from wrigley field.Breakfast is ok, nothing too healthy on it but still ok.	
Sep 29 2009 	Good Choice Convenient to Everything	I stayed at this hotel for a three nights toward the end of September, 2009. I had booked a standard king size room, but at check-in, was upgraded to a business suite, which we appreciated very much. This is probably one of the cleanest hotels I've ever stayed in; and also one of the quietest. I had a room facing interior courtyard and heard absolutely no street noise the entire stay, and very little noise from the hallway. They offer an excellent free breakfast, with delicious make-your-own waffles. Every one I spoke to at front desk were very professional, very attentive to your needs, especially a young man named Viktor, who had some excellent choices for nearby restaurants . I would absolutely stay at this hotel again, and have recommended it to several friends. Chicago's a great city with lots to see and do, and this hotel makes an excellent home base. Close to L station (Diversey - three blocks) and in the middle of a great neighborhood.	
Sep 28 2009 	Just a nice place	We spent two nights here toward the end of September, 2009. Our room was spacious, bed was comfy, and bathroom bordered on elegant. The building is kind of an odd shape--almost a square with a &quot;courtyard&quot; in the middle. We were on the 4th floor facing into the courtyard, and our room was very quiet. I'd guess that the lower level rooms on the Diversey or Clark might get noisy--there is a fire station nearby.Elevator is SMALL--last time I saw one like that was in Rome.We flip flopped our reservation a couple times, and service was still pretty good.Location in Lincoln Park is terrific--it is a vibrant and diverse neighborhood, but still felt pretty safe evenat night. Not a place for single F walking late at night though--it is a city after all.Parking is tough. Twenty plus bucks a day. The whole city is not car friendly.	
Sep 25 2009 	Good value good location	We stayed here one night, the room was large, very comfy and of good quality. The staff were nice and helpful. There were a few bars and restaurants closeby, and downtown was a short bus ride away.So overall I would give this a thumbs up.	
Sep 20 2009 	Good price/performance ratio	The hotel is relatively close to the downtown. it takes about 20 minutes to Magnificent Mile to the heart of the city by bus. Room was tiny but clean. Its comfort is more than enough if you just need a place to stay at night. Probably you would prefer to spend your time out Chicago.. Days Inn is good choice.. My only negative comment is about the guy at the receptionist. he was not nice and does not know anything about hospitality..	
Aug 31 2009 	Okay but not great.	This hotel is in a super location: lots of restaurants, good transportation nearby, shopping, attractions (zoo), bars, etc. The one problem we had was that the doormen or bellman (hard to tell which were which) had bad odors. It hits you as soon as you get in the doors. They hand out just inside the front doors to the hotel. I think the check in staff should be awarre of this since they have to walk past these smelly guys too. Otherwise, I don't have many complaints. The rooms are a little small but you really can't beat the price for the location. The front desk is very nice and very good about answering questions. There is one computer in the lobby - two would be better since it is hard to get on it most of the time.	
Aug 13 2009 	Great Location Nice Room...noisy in the morning.	I picked the Days Inn because my friends lived 2 blocks away, and it seemed to be in a nice neighborhood. Well the neighborhood is great....a 2 block walk from the L, passing all sorts of mid and upper range restaurants, fast food, Walgreens, CVS, Borders, Starbucks....all very nearby. The hotel is very nice too, nicer than a standard Days Inn. The room I had was in a far corner with no view except of an alley, but that was fine and kept it quiet--overnight anyway. The bed was great, internet was great, though the bathroom was a bit small. There was a fridge and microwave in the room. Unfortunately, I was located near the staging area for the housekeeping staff and they did not seem to know to 1) keep their voices down in the morning; 2) not slam into the service door with the carts, and 3) OIL the darn service door, it creaked like crazy! Fortunately I'm an early riser so I heard most of this while already awake, but I can't say that on principle it didn't bother me. I would however stay here again, just not in that corner of the hotel.Oh and the continental breakfast...nice, but if the hotel is full plan on taking things to your room, there are not enough seats.	
Jul 23 2009 	Phenominal value	Obviously this is not a 5-star property in the terms most people think of it. My rating is based on the fantastic value a visitor gets in a very expensive city. I write travel books and am doing one on Chicago. I thought this would be a great base of operations for one of my trips: in Lincoln Park, good bus and L, continental breakfast - all for under $69. It was all I hoped. The rooms are very small, but all I wanted to do was sleep and write, not have a party. Things were very quiet, staff was extremely friendly and helpful. There were absolutely no downsides. Tip: Save money and time on the valet parking and do it yourself. There's a 24-hour-a-day self-park garage about fifty yards up Clark Street (north of Diversey). It's several dollars cheaper than valet service and you don't have to wait. Just walk there in two minutes and get the car. The free wi-fi is great for somebody there to work.	
Jul 11 2009 	Perfect Base and Quiet Rooms	Fantastic location for us between Halston, the Zoo and the Loop railway. Nicely out of downtown but easily reached in 15mins.Get an internal room overlooking the central area - lovely an quiet at night for a great sleep.Great free breakfast to start the day!	
Jun 29 2009 	Great hotel for the $ great location 	My girlfriend and I came up this last weekend for PRIDE. This hotel is above &amp; beyond what I would, stereotypically, expect from a Days Inn. The location is perfect for PRIDE or a weekend in &quot;Boystown&quot;. This hotel is very welcoming to LGBT travelers (as evidenced by an in-room informational sheet on the PRIDE parade - which by the way, goes right by the hotel!). Everyone from the valet folks, to the bellmen to the front desk personnel were VERY helpful(they even offered to call a local eatery, to see when they closed, for us). The $22/a day for valet parking is well worth it as street parking in the area is hard to come by. It also affords the option to come and go as you please, w/out additional fees. The continental breakfast is pretty good too! We will definitely stay here again and will recommend it to others!	
Jun 29 2009 	Pretty good	This is a pretty good hotel, located close to buses and the metro. The rooms were decently-sized and had all the amenities we could need.The negative sides:-The computer is really restrictive, pop ups do not work for example. My boarding passes were in pop ups so I had to go to an internet cafe in order to be able to print them.-Weak breakfast. Donuts for breakfast, seriously?-Noisy, but we did have a room facing the main street.But these are pretty minor points. I would stay again.	
Jun 28 2009 	Great value and nice people too	I stayed 4 nights beginning June 21. I arrived late at night and I was given a very small, nice, but very small room. I asked if I could be moved the next day, as I was staying for 4 nights. Neil was so nice and helpful and I was moved to a bigger room. Anthony was helpful too, as was everyone there. It was an easy ride downtown on the Broadway bus, and there are restaurants and a Borders very close to the hotel. You can use a gym that is just several doors away. There are bigger and smaller rooms, with different shapes and sizes, so it is nice if you can get a larger room. All rooms seemed clean and modern and with nice bedding and beds. I would stay again in a minute. Book as early as you can, as it fills up. Have a great stay.	
Jun 7 2009 	Great hotel in a great location! You can't go wrong.	This is not your typical Day's Inn. This is a completely renovated, modern older hotel in a great neighborhood. Found this is Hotwire for $53, cannot be beat in Chicago. Room was immaculately clean, beds very comfortable. Coffee, microwave and fridge in room. Free wireless internet with access code that they change every 2 days so you may have to get it updated. Free continental breakfast with fresh squeezed juice and the ladies work very hard to replenish. Staff very friendly and helpful. Always at least three employees at desk and lobby area and they usually hold the door! I highly recommend this hotel. You can't go wrong. L about 8 blocks, bus stops right at hotel.	
Jun 1 2009 	Good value not perfect	Started off my one-night stay on a very good note when I was given a free upgrade to a business-class room. The room was great, very clean, spacious, corner room with nice windows and a large bathroom with great light. Microwave, fridge, snack basket. The free wi-fi worked well but you can't get rid of the ask.com advertisement at the top, which causes some sites to malfunction. Bed was very comfortable, and little to no noise from inside the hotel; however, very late at night a group of raucous young adults (think &quot;inebriated fratboys&quot;) wandered past on the street and might have awakened me if I'd been asleep. The desk attendant apologized in the morning &amp; suggested that if street noise bothers me, I should ask for an interior room next time. It didn't bother me much but if you are very sensitive to outside noises, do ask for an interior room. The continental breakfast was nothing special - pastries, cereal, waffles, coffee - I usually try to go with fresh fruit rather than overloading on fattening pastries, but the fresh fruit selection was not great. All in all I found it a very nice place to stay, staff was very professional &amp; courteous, good location with a pharmacy &amp; several casual-dining restaurants within a couple of blocks. Great value for the price, I'd definitely stay there again.	
May 30 2009 	Charming but not for everyone.	First, let me just say that I had a nice time staying at the Days Inn in Chicago. I chose the hotel for it's location close to the Halstead nightlife. I wouldn't have chosen it if I wanted to be downtown in the traditional tourist area. The front desk and valet ($22.00 per night, isn't bad for Chicago) clerks were very professional. The Lobby is in my opinion very nice and tasteful, for a hotel at this level. The furniture and decor were charming without being over the top. The building itself is very old, and the renovations did not seem to have changed the original layout of the building. That in my opinion would cause some to think of this hotel as less than adequate while others will find it very charming. I stayed in a room with a single double bed on the 4th floor. It was small. and the view wasn't exactly exciting, overlooking a made up courtyard, I'm sure done up as a joke. the bathroom was tiny, and didn't have much room for toiletries, but for my purpose, it was adequate. I did enjoy using the facilities at the Bally's Fitness around the corner, which were complimentary (excellent value). Overall, if you don't mind some the disadvantages of the building itself, it is a very charming and nice hotel.	
May 26 2009 	Good hotel close to Children's Memorial	We only stayed one night. Room was clean and comfortable.Breakfast was plentiful. Front desk recommended a good Italian restaurant for dinner. Computer for guests use was slow and kept crashing! Quite frustrating for a number of guests!	
May 8 2009 	Close to Everything! Very clean!	We are a young couple on a budget and enjoyed staying at the Days Inn in Chicago because it was economical, clean, and close to a bus line (2-3 blocks) that took you anywhere in Chicago. Staff was extremely helpful when it came to explaining the bus routes, etc and the continental breakfast was very nice. Rooms were teeny tiny but comfortable and clean. The hotel itself was older, but had been renovated in a modern way. Parking is close - you can bypass valet and park yourself two blocks away. It is cheaper but you can't move the car in and out like you can with valet. The diversey park area seemed safe and had a college-town vibe. Lots of good places to eat nearby and hole-in-the-wall pubs - loved it!	
May 2 2009 	Days Inn at Diversity and Clark – an OK stay! Why? NOT anything special!	I’ve stayed at this property off and on since 1993. I’ve seen this property grow from an almost raunchy hotel to an American standard hotel. My last stay at this hotel was in March 2001.PLUSES… 1.) rooms are significantly cleaner than back in the 90's and 20012.) lobby is much nicer3.) mattress is very good, entirely better than back in the daysCONCENRS…i.) Polish speaking nationals. yes, they now have 99% Polish speaking personnel in the hotel which either do NOT speak ANY English or too little to make heads or tails of anything they attempt to say or even comprehend. This is NOT positive! The United States is an open door, however, we MUST insist that people who are employed in this country at some point MUST speak some English; even if they are predominantly in housekeeping. How do these people have their working papers for the country anyway? They probably don't ... sharing SS#!ii.) toilet brush REQUIRED in the bathroomiii.) no iron or ironing board in the roomiii.) no refrigerator in the roomAlso, I didn't appreciate leaving U$100.00 smoke security. In addition, they quabble about 800 phone calls. It is a good hotel for one night. It is what I would refer to as a quickie hotel. U$85.00/night including the tax is too much! The best price is U$69.00 including tax.	
Apr 21 2009 	GREAT HOTEL CLOSE TO ZOO 	We have stayed at this property three differant times . Each time we were very pleased that we picked this hotel. It is loacted close to the Lincoln Pk Zoo and of course Historic Wrigley Field . There are also a good choice of restaurant/clubs within walking distance and the area is safe with a obvious police presence in the area. They offer a nice expanded contnl breakfast in the morning . The staff is helpful at giving directions . This property fills up fast when the Cubs are at home . I would book well in advance of your planned stay....	
Apr 2 2009 	It is an excellent value.	We were very pleased with the staff and our room. Public transportation was a short walk away. We felt safe in the neighborhood, and there was many dining options with in walking distance. The staff was very friendly and helpful to us as we were first time visitors to the city. We would definitly recommend and stay again.	
Mar 25 2009	Enjoyed staying here.	I came with my 16 year old grandson on spring break. The room was excellent. Clean and the bed was comfortable. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Security of having to use your room card for the elevator was nice. The continental breakfast was good. The location was handy to bus and train transportation.	
Mar 20 2009 	Enjoyable stay no surprises!	I had a wonderful stay at the Days Inn Chicago. The staff was friendly, the breakfast was excellent, the room was comfortable and clean. I woke up refreshed and relaxed. The hotel is about five blocks from the transit station, a walk that I found easily manageable. I also enjoyed being able to get in a workout at the Ballys Fitness next door. While the hotel was not &quot;luxurious&quot;, it was well kept, functional, and definitely reasonably priced for the location and amenities offered. I would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 3 2009 	Nice place good option.	A great hotel - just what we were looking for. Days Inn is just a middle-of-the-road chain hotel, so don't expect anything fancy and you will be very happy. The lobby is beautiful, with very nice staff. The room was a little on the small side and not brilliantly modern, but spotlessly clean and completely adequate for those not looking to spend their holiday in their room. The bathroom could have used a bit of an update, though, and the air-conditioning was pretty loud.The free breakfast was fantastic - one of the best I've had. Just about anything you could want and lots of it. The DIY waffles were especially tasty.The location was pretty good. We had to get a train and then a bus from the airport, which took a while and wasn't that easy to navigate. Once there, getting to downtown was easy on the bus (the hotel staff directed us to a place around the corner where we could buy tickets from), but we walked a couple of times (although it is a good 45 minutes walk each way, so I wouldn't advise it if you're not a strong walker). The neighbourhood was very nice, with some nice places to eat and such nearby.The Lake Michigan shore is not far away, and walking along the beach to get into town was a lovely stroll. The Lincoln Park Zoo was just 10 minutes walk away and is well worth a look since it's free.On the whole, if you're not looking for anything massively fancy, then the Days Inn Chicago is definitely for you.	
Feb 2 2009 	A charming really great hotel	The front desk makes your feel welcome as soon as you walk in the door especially Neal he is very helpful with directions etc.The valet is very fast and the hotel is clean the house keepers are very good.The breakfast is the standard free breakfast but has fresh squeezed orange juice and grapefruit juice.I rented a car from Enterprise 2 blocks away they picked me up.I was here on business for 14 days.But you can walk to many restaurants or shopping or sightseeing.I am a Hilton Diamond and Marriott rewards member but this hotel is just as good for less money.	
Jan 29 2009 	Awesome Value in Windy City!!!!	What's up with this place?! It is the cheapest hotel in the city, and it is right in the middle of the city! The room was clean, staff was attentive and helpful to the out of town guest, and the breakfast was very yummy! Book this place.	
Jan 2 2009 	Excellent value in an expensive city.	I've only got two issues with this hotel, it's a three block walk from the nearest El and the air con is noisy but apart from that it's terrific value. It's in an interesting and safe neighbourhood with good bars and restaurants within easy walking distance. The staff are amazingly helpful and the rooms are clean, the bed comfortable. What more do you want?There are buses nearby which go into downtown and when i go back to Chicago, this is where I'll stay.	
Dec 24 2008 	Excellent hotel in a great city	First things first, I couldn't quite believe how cheap this hotel was (under £35 a night for a room), but then I was staying in the middle of winter! But after being used to New York hotel prices (where that kinda of money wouldn't even get you a grotty room with a shared bathroom), this was a very pleasant surprise. Location wise, the Days Inn is in the very cool neighborhood of Lincoln Park. It's easy enough to get to downtown from here - the #22 bus stops right outside the hotel, and runs day and night. The Brown Line El runs quite close too (Diversey is the closest station, not Belmont as a reviewer down the page states!). It's a few minutes walk to the station. You can buy transit cards for the CTA (buses and El), from the Currency Exchange store across from the hotel on N Clark St. Lincoln Park is an ideal base as well for theatres (Steppenwolf, Victory Gardens, 2nd City and others are in the nighborhood), and it's close to Wrigley Field. It was absolutely no problem at all staying out of the downtown area, and in fact it was nice being in what is a lively, interesting residential neighborhood. The hotel is a good size - not too big, but not a tiny place either. Staff where pleasant and ready to help - but to be honest, the place was so well run I didn't need anything, or have to ask many questions anyway. Room was a decent enough size. Clean, comfortable, with desk, big closet, drawers, chairs, TV, coffee maker. Bathroom was small but perfectly adequate. Breakfast was included, and was available from 6.30am. Plenty of coffee, juices, cereals, bagels, muffins, toast, danishes and waffles. I would be more than happy to stay at the Days Inn again.	
Nov 18 2008 	No Problems good service!	This was my first trip to Chicago and Days Inn made it even better! It is a great bargain especially for the location. The hotel was clean, the staff was so darn nice, the free bfast was mmm soo good- the muffins were amazing, fresh squeezed juice, and even make your own waffles. The only complaint is the drain in the shower wasn't working as smoothly as it should have been. I can't see how anything could go wrong here and even if it did, front desk was just so ncie!	
Nov 12 2008 	Not close to Metro but close to the action	I booked a room (for two) with double bed at this hotel through Travelocity for $100 for Veteran's Day weekend. This hotel is a little way out from the closest metro (Belmont on Brown line) but easy enough to get to (10 min walk). Staff at front desk were very nice. The hotel has only 4 floors.We lived in Room 232. First impressions of the room: it was clean, on the small side, located at a busy junction in the lobby (so one could hear people walking by to their rooms and banging of doors). Funnily, a set of ear-plugs were supplied in the toiletries area - but only one set. Pointless if there are two people sharing!!The room had a certain pungent smell which I thought came from the toilet - the bathroom windows did not open so this is most likely the case. Other than the obvious bad smell, TV worked, coffee was available and also included a free continental breakfast. I didn't know that this was included in the price and was a nice bonus.Other good points, free non-secure internet access, free printing for online plane check-in, and close to all the local pubs, bars and restaurants.To get to O'Hare airport, the 76 bus is conveniently located outside the hotel and takes you to Logan Square Station in 30 min (blue line) which you can then take to go to the airport (30 min).Overall, not a bad deal but just wish this hotel could have invested in some air-freshner.	
Nov 3 2008	Great hotel in a great neighborhood although the rooms are small	Do you like paying $265 to stay in the loop at a chain hotel or would you rather pay $90.10 and stay in the Lakeview North neighborhood just a short CTA subway ride up the Brown Line. If you are like me, you will save your money for the great restaurants and bars in the neighborhood. Yes, the rooms are small. And the elevator is small. But this is not your typical Days Inn. Clean as a whistle thanks to the Polish speaking staff. And quiet. Perfect for the single traveller on a budget. And oddly , this is one of the few Chicago hotels that has lower rates during the week (and higher rates on the weekend). Lots of Cub fans I guess. In any event, Chicago is an over priced hotel market that has only gotten worse in the last year. This is one of the few bargains.	
Oct 31 2008 	good price	Surprisingly good. I've stayed at a few Days Inn (typically bad experiences) so I was hesitant about booking this one. Using Hotels.com I couldn't beat the price so I decided to give Days Inn one more chance. (Reading the reviews from Tripadvisor gave me a little more courage than I would have otherwise given this chain.) Clean accommodations, decent location and a convenient 7 minute walk to the 151 bus line (Diversey and Sheridan), which travels the length of Michigan Avenue. The hotel is also near DePaul University so there are a lot college-aged kids walking around. Parking at the mall (Century Shopping Centre? self-park) was $18 for 24 hours (somewhat below average as far as Chicago area parking is concerned.) My wife and I enjoyed dining at El Nuevo Mexicano Restaurant? and Sushi 28; both are just a few minutes walk from the hotel. We’d consider staying at this place again.	
Oct 12 2008 	upstairs downstairs	Our hotel visit was booked through Hotwire. We were given a single double bed. . The desk clerk made it clear that we couldn't have two beds since we booked through a &quot;third party&quot;. After finding a place to park a few blocks away (parking is atrocious in that area and the hotel clearly pushes their expensive valet parking) but it is possible, although the clerk also warned that it was nonavailable due to permit parking and meters. We didn't use the car again until we left, opting for CTA passes. The common areas of the hotel downstairs were pleasant. The breakfast room was comfortable and the continental breakfast sufficient, surprisingly offering &quot;real&quot; orange juice. The entire hotel was kept very clean by the friendly and professional staff. Access to the Bally gym next door was certainly a plus. Upstairs was a disappointment. Our room was really tiny. The old closet was deep and dark so retrieving items was a challenge. It appeared that the upstairs was not sprinkled anywhere, making their nonsmoking policy mandatory (although one evening we smelled someone smoking near our room). The room was incredibly stuffy and there was no way to get fresh air, nor was there any exhaust fan in the bathroom. As a result, it was necessary to run the huge and very noisy air conditioner nonstop. I guess the old clawfoot bathtub would be a novelty to some, but the corner showerhead made for difficult and long showers, since the pressure was low and modulating water temperature almost impossible. Pluses: location! cleanliness! common areas! Minuses: room I would probably recommend booking directly with the hotel in order to ensure a better room.	
Oct 5 2008 	Great hotel!!!!!	We booked this hotel for a girl's trip to Chicago. I booked solely on written reviews....and boy were we impressed!!! For the price, this hotel is PERFECT!!!! The beds were great, rooms were very clean, breakfast was the best....waffles...YUMMY...and the staff was so helpful and friendly!!!! Great location to public transportation. Highly recommend this property!!!!!	
Sep 17 2008 	Awful!	I read all the other reviews and booked it on the strength on them, how wrong was I!! The blonde receptionist was unhelpful on arriving, the rooms have no ventilation as the windows do not open and the air conditioning sounds like a 747 engine, so you have a choice between being too hot and not sleeping or cool but noisy and not sleeping!! The room (ours was a queen bed) was small but there is a dressing area and a bathroom but they should have used the space better.It was 3 miles from downtown but there is a good selection of bars and restaurants near. The hotel does not have a bar and even though the website states a swimming pool it does not, but you do have use of the gym/leisure centre around the corning. The complementary breakfast was good however. Personally I thought it was dreadful!	
Sep 13 2008 	Loved it!	I loved this place! My husband and I stayed here for the first two nights of our honeymoon roadtrip. It was a great location. There were many places for us to shop (used bookstores, vintage clothes, quirky boutiques), lots of good restaurants, as well as a drugstore right across the street and it was a nice, safe walk to and from Wrigley Field. Also very short walk to Oz Park, Lincoln Park Zoo, and the train. The price was decent for the area, free internet in the lobby, adorable elevator. The room was pretty small and cramped but we weren't there to hang out in the room all day. It was cozy. Cool little bathroom with claw foot tub. I can't say enough about this hotel. We really enjoyed our stay there and will definitely stay there again when we return to Chicago.	
Aug 12 2008	A real gem!	This hotel is gem.The rooms are huge.We had 2 queen size beds and so much room you could fit an army inside! The bathroom was tiny but it didn’t bother me.My friends were on a higher floor and they had a frige,microwave and an even bigger room.Staff at front desk always friendly and free internet a bonus.Location is excellent and no problems!	
Aug 7 2008 	Gem in the ciy	We stayed at the Days Inn in Lincoln Park on our baseball trip to chicago. We picked it for two reasons. First and foremost was cost. We got a room with 2 double beds for $117 for the night. Second it was within walking distance (1.5 miles) of Wrigley. Well the hotel was great. The room was clean and the beds were comfortable. There was a huge closet and the bathroom was clean, big and the hot water in the shower was perfect. The hotel people were more then nice and the free morning breakfast hit the spot. The location while might be &quot;nosiey&quot; for some, didn't bother us after a day at the game the walk up and back. We were also close to the &quot;L&quot; and was able to hop it to downtown. If you are looking for a clean, comfortable room, with a great location at a reasonable price, then this Days Inn is your choice.	
Jul 29 2008	Fantastic Hotel!	We stayed at Days Inn Chicago, 644 W. Diversey Parkway, July 15-July 17, 2008. Fantastic Hotel! I can't say enough good things about this place! The location was great, close to train and city bus stops. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean, comfortable, and quiet. The bed was so comfy! The free breakfast was tasty. Best of all, the price was low compared to other hotels in the area. A quality hotel for the money. When I return to Chicago, I will stay at this hotel again and recommend it to all my friends.	
Jul 28 2008 	A nice spot in the Windy City	We were very pleased with our stay at the Days Inn Chicago. Not usually the chain hotel-types, we needed a place to fit our budget, and this spot was recommended by a family member. We got a good deal for a 2-night stay with a AAA rate. The staff was helpful from the beginning, helping my husband track down a lost item. The room had a nice, large bathroom and &quot;closet area&quot;. The linens were great. The complimentary breakfast impressed us - lots of choices including bagels, toast and yogurt. Lots of people made their own waffles. The staff was constantly refilling the supplies so nothing ran out. The lobby has a computer with internet access that guests can use. The closest El stop is a few blocks away, but quite doable if you don't mind using your feet.	
Jul 22 2008 	A well-run hotel -- and an exceptional value.	I've stayed at the Days Inn Lincoln Park North for years, but returned this month after a two-year absence. The property's actually better-looking, better-run, and better appointed than my last visit. The staff -- who field guest requests literally 24 hours a day -- was unfailingly courteous, the valets and bellboys helpful, and the housekeeping staff thorough and polite. The manager couldn't have been more solicitous when he happened to overhear a question I had about directions. I've spent much more at hotels that delivered a lot less; this perfectly located hotel is an exceptional value.	
Jul 17 2008 	Great stay!	Not too much to add to previous reviews. We had a room overlooking the interior courtyard and we thought it was quite spacious, but looking at the floorplan on the door revealed that there are other courtyard rooms that are a bit smaller. Our bathroom was not small, but there was very little space in the toilet area. A very large person would feel a bit cramped. The step up into the bathroom is a bit dangerous even with all the signs.Loved the a/c. It cooled the room and provided good white noise for sleeping. Complimentary breakfast was good. Staff were very friendly and leaving our luggage for several hours after checkout was no problem. Wrigley, Boystown, and the El are all walking distance.	
Jul 14 2008 	Great Place to Stay for Cubs Fans	We were in Chicago last week to catch a Cubs night game, and picked the Days Inn Lincoln Park mostly for its price (about $140 including taxes for a double-bed room) and proximity to Wrigley Field. Although I expected only the most basic lodging for that price in this area, we were pleasantly surprised with the cleanliness, comfort, and hospitality this hotel provided.The bed was very comfortable, A/C fully functional, floors and carpets were clean and free of stains/wear, service personnel friendly and attentive. The area itself is full of shops, convenience stores, and restaurants all in close proximity. Parking is a nightmare, however - we resorted to the hotel valet which was a reasonable $22 per day. The valets also provided outstanding service.The only negative was the bathroom. Although it was very clean and the water pressure adequate in the shower, the bathroom itself was extremely miniscule, making getting ready for the day a little tight for the two of us. A minor drawback for such an outstanding value.We walked to and from the game, which took us a little over a half-hour. The area felt reasonably safe, even when hoofing it back from the game at the end of the night.We will definitely be staying here again.	
Jun 26 2008 	Great hotel! Glad it was only for one night...	We had a great time at the Days Inn in June. We parked around the corner and it was an easy walk to the hotel entrance. (No need to bother with valet service.) The front desk staff were friendly, efficient, and helpful. The manager directed us to a great pizza place, Lou Malnotti's (sp?). He said that it is better than Giordano's - and we had to agree that it was just excellent. Really excellent staff all around!The hotel is located in a great neighborhood. A one mile walk to Wrigley Field and a 10 or 15 minute walk to Lincoln Park Zoo. The el station was about four blocks away and the bus stop was around the corner. The neighborhood is nice and there's lots of places to eat and stores to check out. We went to Second City and it was a blast as usual. The reason I was glad it was for just one night is that the room was TINY! It honestly felt a little like a glorified closet. I'm sure there are larger rooms there...but whoa, ours was small. I did like the character and feel of the place though, even though it showed a few signs of age. The bathroom had only a shower, but it was a very nice and clean shower. I would stay here again for an overnighter in a fun neighborhood.	
Jun 21 2008	Too noisy for me	This is a nice location in an increasingly gentrifying neighborhood. (I was sorry to see that a little locally-owned health food store across the street was replaced by one of those &quot;upscale edgy&quot; clothing chains) You're about 20 minutes via CTA from Watertower, and 25-30 from Union Station, counting the time it takes to wait for the bus or train. You can eat your way around the world within 3 blocks.I want to like this place...I've stayed here twice...but the plain fact is it's way too noisy on the street side. It's a constant rumble of buses, trucks, taxis honking, etc all through the night. Even with earplugs (thoughtfully provided right in the nightstand drawer!) I got very little sleep. The rooms off the street, overlooking the usual &quot;courtyard&quot; of mechanical things hidden from street view, are tiny and really only for a single.If you're not bothered by noise, or better yet, if you're deaf, you will love this place. But light sleepers need to look elsewhere. The lack of sleep had a negative effect on my trip because I was tired all the time. I actually went to the library just to get a little quiet time...not a room you'd want to lounge in.	
Jun 15 2008 	Days Inn is the best in Lincon Park	I have been staying at the Days Inn for years. The current staff is amazing. They are very helpful and they will go the extra mile. The hotel has been rehabbed over the years and is in it's best condition it has been in. Get a business room if you want a little bigger room with a little nicer experience. I am not saying the regular rooms are not nice, they just tend to be on the tight side. But I stay in both types and if you are looking to save a little for dinner each night, get the regular room.	
May 27 2008 	Days Inn Lincoln Park North very cozy	The room was very clean and cozy. Bed linen and pillows extremely comfortable. Coffee maker, iron, ironing board, safe, hair dryer, microwave, refridgerator, and snacks all included. Definetely would stay there again. Reasonable price for the location. Valet service kindof confusing, still a great hotel.	
May 16 2008 	good location	This Days Inn is a good value. Rooms are quiet, at least if you are not facing the street. A variety of interesting restaurants in the area, such as the Creperie and Pars Cove. A short walk to buses which go downtown. Unless you feel the need for valet parking, park around the corner at the Century Parking Lot and save a few bucks.	
Apr 17 2008	Days inn Rocks!!	I stay here exclusively and get homesick when I am not able to make a trip to chicago! The staff and management are the best. The breakfast is great, rooms are too, and its the best bargain in terms of location. Most people think staying on Michigan Ave is the thing, but in terms of things to do at night, proximity to events, restaurant choices, and simply the neighborhood....well, this place cannot be beat.It has been my best kept secret all these years....if you want fancy, this is not your hotel, but if you want a place to be thats near all the places to be, its Days Inn Lincoln Park for me!	
Mar 24 2008 	Small room Perfect location.	Room was a little small, nice view of the building next door and fire escape. The hotel was in a good location,close to a lot of shops, theaters,and The metro club, wrigley field. That is why i chose to go again, to see the cubs lose to the cards. Hopefully it will be warmer! 20 bucks a day for valet with in and out priveleges is also a good deal.	
Mar 24 2008 	Better than expected!	We booked 5 nights through choosechicago.com and got a nice rate (under $100). The rooms and bathrooms were very clean and fairly spacious. Best bed I've had in a hotel. Free breakfast was decent. The staff was friendly and the Lincoln Park location was convenient (15 minutes downtown by bus). Certainly not a full-service, downtown hotel, but more than adequate and much, much cheaper. Will definitely stay here again.	
Mar 2 2008 	Better than expected	I stayed three nights at this hotel. I was pleasantly surprised by my room here - I expected something small and cramped, but I found the room to be spacious. The bathroom was a little small, however, but still not bad. Every staff member I encounted was friendly. And the breakfast is worth getting up for - a variety of juices, breads, pastries, and waffles are offered.It's a little out of the way for tourist-y attractions, but I felt it was worth it. It was easy to hail a cab out front. The one downside I found was that the stairwell was rather narrow; however, the hotel does offer an elevator.	
Jan 9 2008	Loved it!	I stayed at the Days Inn on my first trip to Chicago. The price was very reasonable, the rooms very clean and the staff friendly. The surroundnig area of Lincoln Park was very nice, although a way out from the Loop. Would definately stay again.	
Jan 3 2008 	Decent Place and Location for the Money	Stayed here for one night on New Years Eve 12/31/07-1/01/08, since we were clubbing in the area. Great location to Clark/Broadway/Diversey. Great neighborhood. The hotel staff was very friendly! The room was a double queen bed room, the beds were more of the size of a full bed. Bathroom was ample in size. The hotel rooms vary in size because the property used to be a condo bldg converted into a hotel. The room I had faced out to diversey, considering it was New Years Eve, it was very very noisy with people passing by all night and talking loudly. It's a run of the mill hotel but it was better than anticipated. The breakfast buffet in the morning (9am - 11am) was free and it had fruit, cereal, waffles, bread, bagels, muffins and croissants. It also had coffee, and dall different types of juices and milk. Very unexpected and a nice touch! This location would be good for those that want to be close to Lincoln Park Zoo, Wrigley Field and tons of bars. You are also a short cap ride away from Downtown.	
Dec 1 2007 	A gem!	Given the high cost of much Chicago accommodation, the Days Inn at Lincoln Park is excellent value.Not only is it in a great neighbourhood, with good transport nearby, but the staff are great and the hotel is immaculately maintained.OK, so the room wasn't the biggest (particularly the bathroom), but the hotel is a cut above the typical chain. On check-in, for example, we were given a list of local restaurants, with recommendations in each section.The breakfast area was one of the tidiest and best maintained, with a large selection of food and free copies of USA Today. A free internet access PC was also a bonus as we were travelling without laptops.The local 'L' stop Diversey was closed during our visit, but the buses along Clark, Broadway &amp; Diversey served our needs perfectly. There are lots of cafes, shops &amp; restaurants nearby, and we had access to Bally's Gym, had we felt the need!We could certainly see why this Days Inn has won a number of awards within the group.	
Nov 12 2007 	Best Days Inn	This is a great hotel. The rooms are small (European style) but the housekeeping is first rate. The staff are very accommodating and helpful and the hotel is extremely well managed. It's in a lively location, convenient if you're traveling by bus. Bus 22 and 36 stop right on the corner as does 76. From O'Hare, take the Blue line to Logan Square then the 76 bus to the hotel. With all the subway construction on the Brown line, it's just not practical to take the subway to get to the hotel. One word of CAUTION! There are about four rooms that do not have the combo heat/AC units installed yet. If you're &quot;lucky&quot; enough to get one of those rooms, you probably should request a room change. Those rooms have a small air conditioner in the window with side panels that let the cold winter air right through. Supposedly the steam radiator provides heat but it &quot;cycles&quot; on and off and no one seems to know whether it will cycle on during your stay (or even your lifetime) and it does get cold in Chicago during the winter. But if you get one of the other 120 or so rooms you will find a modern HVAC unit that will keep you comfortable all winter long. Not sure why the hotel has not installed these in all rooms yet.	
Oct 24 2007 	Great hotel great location and great service	I came to Chicago for business October 24th. I searched all of downtown for a good deal. Everything seemed to be so expensive or gross and scary. I came across the Days Inn in Lincoln Park and found it to be fairly close to downtown. It is a hike from Ohare but fairly easy to the city. There is plenty of restaurants and stores within walking distance. The rooms are quiet and very clean. All white bed linens. Not the biggest room (queen size bed) but it is exceeds your expectations of a Days Inn. The bathroom is very clean and nice. I found the front desk to be very helpful and friendly.For my first trip into a big city alone, the hotel made me feel very safe, secure and comforted. An unhappy hotel experience was the last thing I needed. I would highly recommend and encourage others to stay here.	
Oct 21 2007	Great location good value	We actually live in the suburbs of Chicagoland, but had family comingfor the weekend who wanted us all to stay downtown so they could see the sites and go &quot;clubbing&quot; at night and could grab a taxi back to their hotel afterwards rather than having to drive back to our house at night--wise choice! Unfortunately, it was a busy weekend, most hotels were booked solid, and, the only rooms available downtown started at $400 per night--at least according to the various hotel booking sites on the internet. According to the Days Inn central reservations, this hotel was also booked solid, however........Important Tip! Even if all the internet hotel reservation sites and central reservation center for a hotel chain CLAIM that a particular hotel property doesn't have any available rooms, it is usually worth a shot to try calling the hotel property directly, as they usually &quot;hold back&quot; a few rooms for phone reservations and theirregular guests. I like to call the hotel after midnight and talk to the night auditor, which is what I did, and sure enough, he was able to &quot;force&quot; the system to book a reservation irregardless--and was also able to give me a special &quot;package&quot; rate of $132--really good rate for this particular weekend! (When calling the hotel, do not select the menu option for reservations - &quot;1&quot; as it will transfer you automatically to Days' Inn central reservations; Instead press zero '0' to speak directly to the hotel's front desk staff.) In truth, I called 9 other hotels as well which were supposedly booked solid, and found only 2 that had not held a few rooms back. However I booked at this Day's Inn because of its reputation and exceptional Lincoln Park location--an upscale neighborhood which is safe and secure, close to Lincoln Park Zoo (free admission!) with numerous eating establishments and popular clubs--walking distance to Cub Stadium (about 1 mile) and easily accessable to Navy Pier and&quot;the Loop&quot; via subway, or by hailing any one of numerous taxis that run directly past the hotel at all hours of the day and night. Taxi cabs in Chicago charge very reasonable rates, our ride to Navy Pier, for example, was under $5. OK, so maybe this hotel isn't The Drake or a Hilton, but far superiorto any other Day's Inn we ever stayed at. The beds are all &quot;triple sheeted&quot;, meaning there are 2 top sheets that completely encase the blanket for added cleanliness. The furnishings were a little older, but very clean. The free deluxe continental breakfast includes fresh Belgum Waffles which you make yourself by pouring the preprepared batter into WaffleIrons, along with complimentary copies of USA Today, andcomplimentary day membership to the Bally's Gym next door.Free &quot;wifi&quot; and expanded cable are also included. Parking: You can either park your car yourself in the self-parking garage located next to the hotel ($14.95) or use the hotel's valet services ($20). There is also metered parking available on the streetoutside the hotel if you don't mind returning every couple of hours to &quot;feed&quot; the meters. Overall, we found this hotel to be a good value for the price paid.	
Oct 8 2007	I like the Lincoln Park Days Inn	I have stayed at this hotel several times over the past 15 years. It is quiet, clean, moderately priced, and very conveniently located near several bus lines. Clark Street, on which it is located, is a major shopping street, and there is parking at the nearby Century Mall. I have found the staff to be friendly and helpful.	
Sep 17 2007 	Good place for cubs fans	We stayed for 2 nights starting Sept. 9th at this Days Inn. This is a 100 year old building in the Lincoln Park area of Chicago.We pulled up to the curb and the valet came out and asked if we wanted to have our car parked - $20.00 a day. Since parking is so hard to find in Chicago we decided to do this and we really did not intend to use our car during our stay. The $20.00 a day includes in and out privleges. Check in was a breeze - very fast and efficient. We had a room on the 2nd floor. There is a small elevator or stairs. Our room was a double room which consisted of 2 double beds with a chair on each side of the bed and a night stand in between the beds along with a low long 2 drawer dresser that held the TV, coffeemaker and ice bucket. There was also a &quot;walk in closet&quot; that consisted of a low, long 2 drawer dresser, a clothes rack and safe. (there is a $1.75 fee per day for the safe) Just off the room was a small area that had a desk with mirror over it. This was next to the small bathroom. The bathroom consisted of a toilet, tub/shower combination and a sink. Unlike most hotels the sink did not have an expansive counter. It was simply a small sink. It did have a glass shelf above the sink. The large window sill also could be utilized for storage. The bed weren't the most comfortable but okay. And the room was clean.  The hotel has a free contenental breakfast which was included in the rate. It consisted of 4 types of ceral, apples, oranges, 3 types of fruit juice, bagels, sweet rolls and waffles. Of course coffee, tea, milk and water were also available. There are several restaurants that are within walking distance (1-6 blocks) along with a Walgreens, and 2 bookstores. The hotel is about 1 mile from the Wrigley Field. There is a bus stop right around the corner on Clark that will take you right up to the stadium for a $2.00 fare. We chose to take the bus to the game and walked back - the walk back took about 10 minutes. There is also a bus stop right in front of the hotel. All in all this is a nice hotel in a good location for Cubs games. I would stay here again if attending a game.	
Aug 27 2007 	So good that I almost don't want to tell anyone about it!	Forget your impression of the Days Inns as being a chain of down market, shabby properties. This place is not only the best Days Inn I have ever seen; but also one of the best places to stay in Chicago -- even though it's not in the Loop. The good points:Location! North Clark and West Diversey in the heart of the Lincoln Park residential and shopping district -- an easy, safe 1-1/8 mile walk from Wrigley Field past great shops, bars, and restaurants, and about the same distance to Lincoln Park Zoo and the waterfront.Valet parking is $20 per night, fast, and reliable -- a bargain for Chicago.Every room has very fast wireless internet service at no charge.The executive rooms are apparently newly remodeled and refurnished, quiet, very clean, and fully appointed -- and about half the price for a comparable room in a downtown hotel.Service is exceptional by any hotel's standards. Everyone -- from the valet parking attendant to the bellman to the front desk staff -- rank among the best I have encountered in Chicago. We left a valuable item in our room when we checked out. In many hotels it would have been lost. The Housekeeping staff secured the item and left a message at our home phone number before we were able to call them. Nothing at this hotel could be considered a &quot;bad point,&quot; but here are three very minor issues:Because of the structure of the building (which apparently was not built to be a hotel) the hallways and rooms are very dark. The included buffet breakfast is a good value,but the dining room is small and sometimes uncomfortably crowded. Again, there is not much that the hotel can do about this without cutting into the quality of the breakfast.The hotel could use a second elevator,Bottom line: Great location (especially for a Cubs fan) and exceptional value for Chicago! No wonder this place has been recognized as the best hotel in the Days Inn chain.	
Aug 10 2007 	Great value!	I enjoyed my stay at this hotel. It is in a great local, Walgreens across the street, my bank a few blocks away in both directions, Jamaba Juice next door and my favorite coffee shop Intelligentsia in Chicago only a few blocks north. Yes the rooms are small but I have stayed in smaller (Beverly Terrace in Beverly Hills). But I found the room very clean as well as the bathroom. The front desk folk were great on advice on transport and local eats. The only issue I had with the hotel is at least with my room there should be a sign posted next to the bathroom watch your step. Upon entering I had to use the restroom and almost killed myself since I hadn't turned on enough lights and tripped on the step up to get in the bathroom. The second , third and forth things I didn't like about the hotel was the lack of water pressure, hot water for the shower unless it is morning but even then it is lacking and the VERY SLOW drain in the bath tub. As for the very slow drain in the bath tub I just chalked it up as having old pipes. I unfort. forgot to mention this upon check out as I had an early morning flight and was still half asleep. If anyone mentions this to the staff what is/was their reply? Over all though I did enjoy my stay and just now booked a room for a couple days to let my hair down in Oct.	
Aug 6 2007 	Great clean and friendly place to stay	I stayed at this hotel with my boyfriend for four nights. We went to Chicago to see a Cubs game and do all the tourist things as well. I have to say it's a great location if you want to be close to downtown, but not right smack in the middle. First: The RoomWe had a single queen and the room is a bit smaller than most hotel rooms, but it was perfect. There was a nice section in the room to but all of our luggage and shopping bags, and they stayed out of the way. The bathroom was nice, a large mirror. The downside is there really isn't any room to put your toiletries in the shower, and their isn't a fan. The A/C worked the entire stay and kept our room very cozy. The best part was the bedding. Soft, comfortable down comforter and pillows. I did't want to get out of bed some mornings!Second: BreakfastThis was nice. I had a bagel and cereal and OJ every morning. There were tons of other selections as well. I even was allowed to take the food to my room.Third: ShoppingRight as you exit the hotel there is a Jamba Juice, Barnes and Noble, Walgreens, and many restaraunts. Renaldis pizza is less than a block away. Also a shopping mall is less than a block away. If you walk a little further you will find a Best Buy, more shopping and more eating. Fourth: ValetThe Valet service was very good. I never had to wait more than 10 minutes to get my car. They were very friendly to me. I even forgot something in my car, and the man went and got it for me, instead of having to get my car and take it out myself. That was very nice. EVERYTHING ELSE: The L train is like straight two blocks, when you take a right out of the sliding doors of the hotel. This station was closed during my stay, but the next one was only two blocks down. The L is very easy to take, and was my first time and I used to get all over Chicago. This is a great place to stay. Staff was helpful. Clean hotel as well.	
Aug 5 2007 	Good Location Okay Room	My husband and I recently stayed at this hotel for one night as it was one of the only hotels in Chicago that had rooms and wasn't outrageously priced. The hotel is in a nice area with a bus stop to Magnificant Mile only 4 blocks away, however, the Diversey EL station is closed for the next year (it was only 2 blocks away) making the next closest station a bit of a distance away (7+ blocks) so traveling the EL is somewhat difficult from this hotel...stick with the bus if you can until summer of 2008. The staff was fine, no problems with the valet, and breakfast decent b/c of the make your own waffles...without them, the breakfast would not be so good. The hotel is quite old, the lobby is nice, but the rooms were not as nice. Our double bed room was tiny!!!! There was a bed, a small desk, a nightstand, and a TV stand making it packed. The bathroom was updated, however, the shower was impossibly small. Honestly, the room reminded me a lot of my dorm room in college (ha, that room was really pricey too and not that nice!) Overall, the hotel was okay, but I would recommend staying at the Red Roof Inn just off of Magnificant Mile...it has comparable rates and nicer rooms.	
Jul 25 2007 	Not bad but not customer friendly	Original reservations were for July 16th for three nights. Booked for its proximity to Wrigley (went to 3 Cubs games). Rate was $144/nite for two double beds plus $10/nite for a rollaway. Room was somewhat cramped with the rollaway. We had requested roll away at time of reservation and called ahead before arrival the day of, but it still wasn't in the room at check-in (at 9:30 p.m.) and the rollaway sheets were never changed or the bed made each day. Free continental breakfast wasn't very good. We had it the first morning but went out for breakfast the next two days. Surprisingly, there was no fan in the bathroom and the bathroom window would only open 2-3 inches for ventilation.The positives are location--its in a great neighborhood, a mile from Wrigley (right down the road--take the bus--the buses are great), near Boystown-a funky, cool neighborhood, and free wireless internet. So the other two travelling with me had their flight cancelled--it was a couple hours after we checked out (roughly 11:30 a.m.) and our bags were still at hotel. They called for a room, and despite having just spent $500+ over three nights, the &quot;best&quot; rate they would give for was $179 + tax (came to over $200). I worked hotel front desk in past at comparable properties. They could and should have given them a 4th night at the same rate we stayed at for three nights--regardless of availability.	
Jul 17 2007 	Worst Chain Hotel in Chicago	Where to start?The rooms are shabby. The beds are undersized. The bedding smelled of bleach. The elevator is impossible. Valet parking took 1/2 hour with nobody ahead of us. Staff is pleasant enough but has no knowledge of the city.We booked this due to its contingency to DePaul University, but that (relative) convenience did not make up for everything else.Extremely disappointing.	
Jul 16 2007 	Great Value Great Location for a Different Chicago Experience	We arrived at the Days Inn Lincoln Park late in the evening after an exhausting day of travel that started 14 hours earlier. The directions on their website were excellent so we had no problems finding it despite being tucked into a residential / retail neighborhood and they even made sure that we approached from the right direction so we could take advantage of the valet service. The front desk staff may have been the best I have ever experienced. Not only did they help us find Chicago deep dish delivery, they got us menus and coupons and even offered to order it for us. When there was a problem with our room key, they sent someone up with us to make sure that our new keys worked. The hotel is an older building that has been refurbished. The room itself was comparable to other rooms in this class of hotel. The bathroom was small and dated, but clean. As I mentioned, it’s in a mostly residential /retail neighborhood, and on a busy corner. If you are light sleeper, you might have a problem with the noise, but it didn’t bother us. Be sure to request an upper level floor if one is available. The next morning, we enjoyed their complementary continental breakfast including belgian waffles and coffee. We were spending the day in the city before driving back to Ohio, but we didn’t want to get our truck out of valet parking and leave all of our luggage in there after finding new parking. The front desk stored our bags for the entire day for us and didn’t charge us anything extra to leave our truck there until that evening. The hotel is walking distance to Wrigley Field, brown and purple line CTA trains, and Lincoln Park. The neighborhood itself is also great and has good shopping. If you are looking for five stars, this place isn’t it, but it is an excellent value in a great Chicago neighborhood. We will definitely stay here again.	
Jul 15 2007	Great place to stay for a cubs game!!	This was our 2nd time to this hotel and it was even better than the first time. Room was clean and comfortable. Perfect place to stay when in town for the CUBBIES!!! Giardinos pizza, cold stone creamery , walgreens, jamba juice and even a shopping mall all just steps away. Staff is nice and helpful. Great free breakfast in the morning. Ask the front desk sometimes they have coupons for free or discounted prices for things nearby. They gave us 5 free coupons to get into Zanies comedy club!!!!	
Jun 20 2007 	Basic but clean hotel for the price and amenities	Read a number of reviews which for the most part were correct - the hotel is very basic, older, has the a/c units hanging out the windows but does offer a good value for its location in Lincoln Park. I took a flight into Midway, took 1 hour to take the two trains and walk three or so blocks to the site. For $2, not bad and the train ride was pleasant. Just down the street is Einsteins, Walgreens etc. Unforuntately, the hotel had a problem with their power, ConEd had to replace 3 transformers so no a/c, no free internet during the evening and morning. Had to cancel and book another hotel. All in all - just realize there's no frills, the finishes are old and rooms are very small. Friendly service, but not sure why they were Hotel of the Year which to me was misleading.	
Jun 6 2007 	Days Inn Lincoln Park North ROCKS!!!	My family and I spent five nights at the Days Inn Lincoln Park North in Chicago, and we had a wonderful experience. The hotel is right in the middle of a very safe neighborhood full of young professionals, but there were more than a few young families and even some older citizens, too. We arrived on Memorial Day and had no problem checking in at 3:30 P.M. There is a lot to explore in the surrounding area - Borders, Barnes and Noble, a mall and movie theater - and there are plenty of restaurants close by. There is a Walgreens a half a block from the hotel where we were able to stock up on milk and microwaveable foods to prepare in our in room microwave and refrigerator and eat in our room. We did eat at the Golden Nugget down the street and Renaldi's Pizza two blocks away and the food was great at both. Every employee of the hotel we encountered was very professional and courteous. We had a &quot;business&quot; room with two queen beds which gave our 15 year old son and 10 year old daughter ample space to spread out and relax. The hotel is in very good shape - very clean and well maintained. While in Chicago we did the museums - Field, Shedd Aquarium, Adler Planetarium, and Science and Industry - and it was an easy drive down Lake Shore Drive to all. We paid no more than $15.00 to park at any of them, and none were crowded. We also went to the Hancock Center and American Girl Place and found cheap ($14.00 at a garage on Oak St. between State and Rush Sts.) parking in that area, too. That with the $20.00 per day for valet parking at the hotel was very reasonable for Chicago in my opinion. I'm glad we stayed there instead of paying $300.00 + per night in a downtown hotel. We went to Wrigley Field for a day Cubs game and it was great to be able to walk there and back to the hotel. All in all it was a great big city experience for our small town (Cape Girardeau, MO) family and I would recommend it highly. For those of you with children, I suggest checking familyfun.go.com for their travel advice when planning a trip. This hotel was on their list of recommended ones and it did not disappoint. I loved the waffles at breakfast, too!	
May 12 2007 	TINY TINY ROOMS....	First, this hotel is technically in Lakeview, one neighborhood north of Lincoln Park. The neighborhood is great, just wanted to clear that up. The hotel is in good condition, the rooms clean, but boy, is the room and the bathroom are very tiny. Very much a New York sized room. The photos on their website are not really accurate. If you are going to a Cubs game, or just want to get more of the local flavor, this is a good choice. But paying $130 a night for this iis overpriced. If you can find a deal under $100, grab it. Otherwise, I might suggest looking elsewhere via hotels.com for a better deal at a more luxurious hotel for the same price.	
Apr 29 2007 	Clean and quiet	We stayed at this hotel for a weekend in April in a suite. This consisted of two very small rooms that the connecting door was taken off of and one bath converted to a closet. The remaining bath was tiny (reminded me of European baths). The window overlooked the roof - which made the room very quiet! The hotel was full and only once did we even hear noises, and they appeared to come from next door. While the towels were pretty flimsy, the nice bed and pillows made up for that. The &quot;continental breakfast&quot; was one of the better ones I have seen, with make-your-own waffles, cereal and really good donuts. The desk staff and everybody working there seemed to go out of their way to be nice. Don't expect anything close to luxury from this place, but it is worth the price.	
Apr 21 2007 	Great Deal	I was attending a workshop on the north side of Chicago and I wanted an inexpensive place to stay that would be convenient to the workshop (further north) and also to sightseeing in the loop. After reading about the small size of the double bed rooms I upgraded to a queen size bed room. It was spacious, and it faced the inner courtyard so it was also quiet. I got what I was looking for - inexpensive, a safe location, a comfortable bed, and very clean. The Brown Line el station is a 4 block walk, and there are buses going north and south (to the loop) right on the corner on Clark St that run frequently. With respect to other people's comments, the elevator is small but it can easily hold at least 4 adults. The water pressure fluctuates, but the shower control regulates the temperature so there are no surprises!I would stay there again.	
Apr 14 2007 	Good value in a good neighborhood	I stayed here with two friends for one night while we were in town for a concert at the Aragon Ballroom near the Lawrence El. We got a business room with 2 double beds and a roll-away. A somewhat older hotel, but clean and adequate. Located in a busy northside neighborhood, with a Panera, Chipotle, Starbucks, Jamba Juice, and the like nearby, plus a good sprinkling of ethnic restaurants. The hotel is an easy few-blocks walk to the Diversey El. Service was a little uneven. We had requested early check-in, but when we arrived at 1:30 our room wasn't ready, so we had to occupy ourselves for half an hour or so. Also the roll-away bed we had requested hadn't been placed in the room until we asked about it at check-in. Valet parking was convenient and easy, and the $20 for overnight on-site parking seemed reasonable for Chicago. On either end of our stay, the staff let us leave our bags in secure storage while we walked around the neighborhood, unburdened. The front desk staff were knowledgable about options for getting to the airport the next morning. The free continental breakfast was nicer than usual and offered in a pleasant sitting area. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 6 2007 	Good value but not a dream	The Days Inn is undecided if it wants to be good or happily mediocre. Some things are really good. Pros: The room size is above average. The room actually has a good sized walk in closet. There is a separate room for a desk. Cons: The bathroom is very small (at most, 4x5), and there is no counter space, and only one towel bar in the bathroom. The mattresses are old and your back will probably hurt after a day. Carpeting is worn and the paint has been painted over a gazillion times. The location is between Wriggleyville and Lincoln Park (kind of Bourgeouis land). The street noise is high in the room. So the pro and the con of being in a great place: lots of things to do, noisy, crowded. Pros: They provide complimentary membership to a nearby Bally's health club. Pros: Breakfast is above average. Con: The lobby is full of furniture destined for the Salvation Army, and one computer which crashes every fourth click (it actually resets to the Days Inn home page, it's like a trick to get you off the internet). Staff are nice. Most are not born in America, but they will still engage in conversation/directions despite occaisional language issues (they will gladly help with directions if you are from Poland, France, Turkey or some other countries). Valet parking is a must and costs $20 (allow 15 minutes for pick-up). Hotel price was great for Chicago (special rate of $108 with $20 tax and $20 parking), and this, in the end, makes up for the cons if you are travelling on your own funds.	
Apr 4 2007 	Very nice hotel	This is a comfortable hotel in a great location, with some shops and restaurants within the immediate vicinity and Diversey Station about 5 minutes walk away granting access to downtown. The rooms were nicely decorated, albeit a little small compared to most places in the states. Very cheap considering the location too.	
Mar 12 2007 	Great value fine location	I stayed here for two nights in April 2006 when I was in town for a conference and overall had a great experience (so much so that I've booked the same hotel again).Overall, you're not going to do much better with a hotel in this location (not very far from the Loop, although not really within walking distance to any major attractions) for this price. The accommodations are pretty basic, but for me the biggest plus was the free wireless Internet (really fast connections, too).Some downsides:1) The breakfast ain't gourmet. But there was an adequate selection of things to choose from, and I left pretty sated.2) Getting an iron and ironing board my first night was a bit of a hassle. It took about an hour before one was finally sent up to my room (in fairness, they did tell me it would be a long time when I first requested one).3) The staff really varies in friendliness. I encountered some less-than-chipper people, and one person working the front desk made me feel stupid for not being able to find the elevator (hey, in fairness to me, it's pretty small!) Don't expect to have the red carpet rolled out for you.	
Jan 29 2007	Still the best!	Have stayed and reviewed this hotel before, but felt the need to write another review! Best rooms to book are the &quot;business&quot; rooms, which are considerably larger and great for sharing. Staff is most pleasant &amp; willing to help with any requests.Location is a bit north of downtown, if you are planning alot of &quot;miracle mile&quot; activities....any price saving could be lost in cab fairs!  That said...the neighboorhood is great (Lincoln Park)...interesting shops and very safe....and if you don't mind taking the bus on Sheridan into downtown it's only $2.00! Also, if you are staying more than a night or two, use the parking garage around the corner on N.Clark for $5.00 less per day (and no tip)...It's where they will park your car anyway! :)	
Nov 6 2006 	I'm glad I stayed here	I am a business traveler on the road at least 5 months out of the year. That's a lot of nights in hotels. While I love to stay in the big cities' downtown districts when I get the chance, my travel budget won't allow for $200 plus per night hotel stays. That's why I rely on the reviews in trip advisor to help me make a choice. I have seen some mixed reviews on the Days Inn Lincoln Park north. It's common to see some negative reviews, one can't be something for everyone. But I can say I do not have any thing negative to say. My room was a double. It had fresh paint and carpet. Yes the room was on the small side, but again this isn't a $200 plus per night hotel on Michigan Ave. It had a metal tub (often hotels have the fiberglass ones). The water pressure in the shower was fine. The bathroom was clean. My sheets were clean - new mattress. After watching so many news stories on hotels, I always peel back the corners of the sheets to see if I can find any bugs - none here. I had a window overlooking Clark, Diversey and Broadway. The hotel had a conceirge (very nice) as well as valets for parking your car. I called the valets for my car before leaving my room and by the time I went downstairs my car was there. Security was on site late in the evening. I was suprised that none of the reviews mentioned anything nearby. There's a mall beind the hotel with a movie theatre. A Walgreen's next door. Barnes and Noble across the street. Borders next door. Also at the doorstep is a smoothie place, a nuts and popcorn store, Panera Bread, Chipolte, Buca Di Peppo and lots of mom and pop restaurants and cafes. Boystown was just a short walk away - had a blast on Halsted and felt very safe walking back at wee hours of the morning. The lake is a quarter mile walk east. The continental breakfast was great. My favorite was the big waffle machine. The pastries were fresh. The staff was very nice. I did not have any negative experiences. I would absolutley stay in this hotel again and can't wait until my next visit to Boystown Chicago.	
Oct 9 2006 	Great location	We stayed one night for a city vacation. This is a wonderful walking neighborhood with restaurants, bars and Lincoln Park. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. Vallet parking was worth the $20.00. A word of warning -- the doorway for our room and the bathroom were narrow but the room itself was big. The refrigerator and microwave were a bonus. Breakfast was adequate with cereals and fresh sweezed juice. The hotel was clean and a good value for Chicago.	
Sep 6 2006 	Gem of a Hotel in a Great Loc	We miss this hotel! We were so surprised at the value, especially during the weekday. Now, I am saying COMPARED to other options in Chicago, its a GREAT value. It's not the best place I've stayed. BUT, tell me where you can get a hotel room for under $100 in Chicago that is clean and in a SAFE area. The staff was very friendly. Breakfast is decent, better than most &quot;continental&quot; breakfasts.I'm sorry that others only gave it a 1 or 2. We've stayed here at least 3 times and have recommended it highly to others. Maybe those with only bad things to say have higher expectations in a $79 per night hotel in the city or are inexperienced travelers? If you are looking for a clean, safe hotel and know the right kinds of questions to ask (eg, parking and valet fees), then this is your place.	
Aug 19 2006 	Stay away from this place!	The convenience of being within walking distance of the Loop is outweighed by the incompetence and rudeness of the people at the desk.When we checked out, we saw that we had been charged a $20 valet parking fee, when we had arranged our own parking. We asked the desk person to remove the $20 charge, which he supposedly did. HOWEVER, I just received my credit card bill, and discovered we had been charged TWICE by this Day's Inn: $317.60 (no valet parking charge) AND $337.60 (includes the valet charge). When I called to straighten this out the person I talked to was not very interested or concerned, told me there was no one there that could help me, and that I would have to call back the next business day.	
Aug 13 2006 	Great Hotel	Stayed here for one night in August 06. Had a &quot;business&quot; king room and a &quot;business&quot; dbl. queen room. Both rooms were very spacious and comfortable.That said, I did happen to see the inside of a standard one bed queen room and it was VERY small. The lobby and common areas were all very clean and updated. The neighborhood is safe and walkable.Every staff member was friendly, competent, and kind! Not sure where the writer of the review titled &quot;&quot;SRO Accomodations&quot; (6/26/06) stayed....but it couldn't have been here. Would stay here again anytime I want to be in N. Chicago! :)	
Aug 6 2006	Days Inn - Not bad just not great	Hi everyone, I just arrived home from spending the last two nights at the Days Inn on Diversey. The hotel room was clean and wasn't really small. We were in Room 211. It had a coffee maker and iron, but no microwave or frig,(but neither was expected). The staff help was hit or miss. Some of the staff went out of their way to help you, where others couldn't be bothered. The valet people were very friendly although we didn't use their services. While asking directions to different attractions, some of the clerks gave them and were very helpful, others would have gotten me lost. The continental breakfast was nice, they had the usual bagels, cereal, juice milk, waffles.My real complaint was with the showers; very little water pressure and then you would get a shot of cold water, then it would go back to hot. You could tell when this happened by the scream from the bathroom. Our room faced Diversey and it was loud from street noise. I never heard any noise from the hall ways it was all from the street.. Stair way was narrow,(never used the elevator - it seemed to take way too long) but much quicker than the elevator. Overall, I might stay there again, but would have to really think about it . $300.00+ for two nights seemed a little high for what we got.	
Jul 6 2006 	Great Hotel for the Price	The hotel is great for the price. I paid $72 before taxes. Overall the rooms are very (that should be underlined) small. The customer service representatives are nice, but they won't go out of their way to offer assistance. Very quick check in. I was booked for two nights but only wanted to stay one - they did not give me any hassle or extra charges. The room was clean and I felt safe. There were several homeless people gathering outside and on the walk between the hotel and the L, but they were begging, just hanging out. The hotel is located a few blocks from the L. I wouldn't want to make the walk in winter, but it wasn't bad for a March morning. I think the walk took about 10 minutes. Traveling from the hotel to the L to the Art museum took about 30 minutes total. There are several bars, restaurants, and shops within a very short walking distance. There is also a Walgreens on the corner. I got the best rate by going to the Days Inn website. It was also refundable when I didn't complete my stay.	
Jun 26 2006 	SRO Accomodations	On a last minute trip to Chicago, this was the only hotel near downtown available. The location was great and as it was a brand hotel, I figured it would at least be decent. My was I wrong! From the lobby to the elevator to the hallway, I thought I had inadvertently checked into a homeless shelter. The dirty room with the fleamarket bed and gross bathroom only enhanced that feeling. I have to admit that the view was spectacular. The staff were also very nice. I'd like to give this place a higher rating just for location and staff, but I couldn't in good conscious recommend this place to anyone!	
May 25 2006	OK hotel- good location	I have stayed in this hotel several times in the past 5 years. I have never had an awful experience. Some of the queen bed rooms are small. This trip I stayed in a room with two double beds for the first time. The room was larger as was the bathroom. The drawback was we were right over the CTA bus stop outside. However, when we put the ventailing system on fan and created a somewhat noisy white noise we were fine. The breakfast had actually improved since I had last stayed (about 2 years ago), the offerings were OK nothing special. There are some good breakfast places to eat nearby if you don't care for what they offer. All in all not a bad place to stay if you want to be in the Lincoln Park area.	
May 16 2006	very pleased with the hotel	i spent mothers day weekend at the lincoln park days inn. my niece was graduating from columbia university. i found the lincoln park days inn to be very clean and updated. the waffles in the morning were great. nice neighborhood.	
Mar 7 2006	this place is a dump	this place could well be listed among the worst hotels in Chicago. I travel to Chicago at least once every two months and have stayed in numerous places there. It is old and very badly in need of updating. The rooms are small and very noisy. One can easily hear even wispers coming from the hall and there is considerable street noise from Clark Street.The furnishings badly need to be replaced and all in all this is a very depressing place to stay. I contacted the Days Inn company to express my displeasure with the hotel and they wrote me back that it was independently owned and they had no control over it's condition. The location is not particularily desirable for a tourist or business person other than for it's proximity to the zoo. Believe me you can do a lot better at many other hotels in Chicago. This place is a dump.	
Dec 28 2005	Everything we Needed	The hotel offered a good value. The parking is limited so valet service is the best option, which will cost you $20 for every 24 hours. The valet staff was very friendly and helpful. The lobby was very elegant and clean. The free breakfast was the best I ever had at a hotel. Free wireless internet worked just fine. Our room was a little smaller than the average hotel room, but we were not suprised due to the fact that we were in a big city. The elevators were also on the smaller side and it might take you a few trips to get your stuff up to your room if you have a large group (we had 2 people and thats all the elevator could hold with including our luggage). Everything was clean and well kept. The front desk even called us just to make sure everything was okay. The location is nice with lots of stores and restaurants within walking distance.	
Dec 10 2005 	Authentic Experience...If You Like Tenament Housing	This hotel is in a great neighborhood but the hotel itself is a dive. Rooms are dark, dirty and moldy smelling, in addition to being tiny. Many common conveniences, like an iron or in-room coffee maker, are absent. Counter staff is unfriendly at worst or indifferent at best. You truly feel like an imposition to them from the moment you check in. I left after one night as the place was so depressing. I would highly recommend looking elsewhere!	
Dec 6 2005	good value for the location	I was there for the weekend by myself and was given a small but satisfactory corner room overlooking the water. Clean bathroom, all needed updating but for the money, nothing of great concern. Oh except for one thing, I had to open the window for fresh air. Breakfast was just okay, something to start your day and it's included. Make sure you're there before 945 or there isn't much left. They constantly replenish it. I particularly liked having the free shuttle into the city. The driver was nice and dropped me off at my son's apartment in the area. I think this is a unique feature. However, it was my understanding that this very simple/dated/cheap for the city hotel is going to be renovated and will become a boutique hotel. All in all, while it's not much, the shuttle, location, breakfast, and price make it all worth it.	
Nov 2 2005	No complaints	After browsing the web for quite a few days trying to find a hotel at a good price in Chicago, this one seemed to stand out. Got a great deal through the chain's own web site, and wasn't disappointed. The room was small, yes, but it was clean and quiet (luckily, we faced the inner courtyard - I'm not sure the rooms facing the street would be as quiet so it would be worth asking). The bathroom was totally clean and shiny.Complaints? The walls were somewhat thin so we could hear the phone next door ringing. The (included) breakfast was okay, not great. The make-your-own waffles are a novelty (and taste pretty good, I thought) but avoid the &quot;croissants&quot; at all costs.Found the staff helpful and friendly enough.The &quot;L&quot; (brown line) is a 5 to 10 minute walk away and the bus is right at the door. Lots to do in the neighbourhood.Would definitely stay here again for the same price.	
Jun 22 2005	Awesome value	Found on 877chicago for $100.00/nite. Rec'd spacious two double-bed room, which was very clean &amp; updated. Window airconditioner was a tad noisy when trying to watch TV. Can't beat location for Cubs games (hop on bus out front &amp; go straight down Clark 1 mile away to Wrigley) and is located on CTA line to go directly downtown without transfer on bus &amp; close by is a subway/EL station if you don't like buses. Front desk &amp; staff were very helpful/nice. Parking is valet($20/day) or self park ($16/day) a block away, which is typical of big city. Have stayed in 2 hotels in Downtown bigcity areas &amp; none have their own onsite parking (Wyndham-Chicago; Hyatt Grand Central-NYC). Worked for me!!	
Feb 24 2005	Don't be fooled by the wrapping	How do we get the listed rates? We were charged $135 for one night in a double, plus parking in a ramp we had to access through a loading dock. Lobby and rooms are nicely decorated, but our room was small and cold, cold, cold. Front desk bordered on rude, even by Chicago standards, and the &quot;deluxe continental breakfast&quot; selection was juice and coffee (if you elbowed your way to the pots as they were made), stale muffins, bagels and cold cereal. No instant oatmeal, toast or a piece of fruit. Don't be fooled -- this one's just a pretty package. With a family member new to Chicago, we'll become regular visitors, but we'll stay elsewhere.	
Jan 18 2005	Great price great location	Yes, the bathroom and the room itself is small, but if you are visiting Chicago, and don't plan to be in your room the majority of the time, STAY HERE.Nice people, clean lobby, clean rooms, and free continental breakfast. Valet parking is $20 bucks, but the room rates are great, considering it's only a cab ride away from bars, Mag. Mile, and more. Keep in mind the room taxes are high here.Pier 1, Starbucks, Gap, several other nice stores are right outside the front door. Plus, lots of great restaurants too. You can feel safe here.I'd stay here again, and recommend it for a cheap, no frills place to sleep and shower.	
Jan 3 2005	Value AND Location!	Stayed at the Day'sInn Lincoln Park North over a long weekend in mid December, 2004. Pulled up to the door and was immediately met by staff member to take luggage to checkin as well as valet to unburden the car. Had booked the room online at daysinn (cheapest rates for this location) and there were absolutely NO problems with checkin, rates, etc. Luggage was expertly whisked away to our room and waiting for us there. Staff during stay was extremely accomodating (even to the point of calling an hour after checkin to see if everything was to our liking - and offers to meet any needs we may have had). The standard-double room was unremarkable - small by most American's standards, but very clean and orderly. Free continental breakfast was the usual fare for these types of chains, but more than adequate to start the day! Checkout was a breeze and valet was remarkably professional and courteous. Location of the hotel is approx. 4 blocks from the el-stop on diversey - super convenient. Lots of dining, nightlife (boystown) and shopping within easy walking distance of the hotel. For a value stay at a great location, this is it for chicagoland. Do yourself a favor if driving - use the valet service ($20./day). Parking in the immediate neighborhood is all permit/tow zoned.	
Nov 24 2004	Hotel was a dump!!!	I stayed at this hotel on the 10th of Nov. for 1 night. The room was very small. The window a/c unit was broken, making the room very uncomfortable at times. I booked the hotel online after reading all the good reviews and I have to say overall this place was a DUMP! I would never stay there again...	
Oct 14 2004	Hotel and location are fine	Stayed in this hotel for one night ...had a twin room. Location is excellent, at a major intersection but we experienced very little street noise (ask for a quiet room) Area restaurants /shopping/sights are varied and interesting. About a 20 minute bus ride from North Michigan Ave so that's something to consider when choosing this option. The 'El' is close by but did'nt get the opportunity to use it. Hotel lobby and reception staff were ok. It's a welcoming place and staff were ok to deal with. Free continental breakfast was plentiful and of reasonable standard..except no fruit...buy your own if you like fruit at breakfast. The room was your standard Days Inn, but was cosy, quiet and clean. Beds were comfortable....a little noise from neighbouring rooms kept me awake for a while. Parking (overnight) costs $16.50 approx which is'nt that bad.Overall, YES we'd stay here again (it was the only place we could get for the night in question), but would prefer a place closer to downtown.	
Oct 12 2004	Not impressed at all	The hotel was in a very nice little area, unfortunetely, it was very noisy and the Desk staff was very rude with the exception of Matt and Keith. Everytime I had to ask the desk staff for anything, I felt like I was imposing. The bellmen where the only ones who smiled or said hello and where helpful with giving directions. The room itself was very old and musty. The elevator was very slow and at times I wasn't sure I was going to make it to my floor. I think you are better off staying at a hotel the costs a little more than to have to deal with the Rude front desk staff.	
Sep 20 2004	Fantastic location		
Jul 26 2004	Absolute worst!		
Jun 29 2004	Great Value		
Jun 3 2004	Great value in Chicago.		
May 21 2004	Excellent for the price		
Dec 4 2003	A very bad experience		
Oct 18 2003	Charming little hotel		
Oct 17 2003	Loved the Days Inn!		
Oct 15 2003	Days Inn in Lincoln Park - felt like we were part of the neighborhood!		
Sep 24 2003	Very freindly clean and convenient.		
Oct 9 2009	Gut für kurzen Aufenthalt		
Sep 2 2009 	Hôtel exceptionnel séjour parfait !		
Jan 11 2009 	????????????		
