	The worst hotel- Do not stay at this hotel	We stayed at this hotel because of some good reviews. When we checked in and got into our room the bathroom was a mess. The toilet as used, the stuff was all over the lid of the toilet and it was not flush at all. I almost got sick. I called the front desk and ask someone to clean it up.Some one did clean it up. I also asked for the supervisor and no one show's up. The supervisor or manager did not even call me.My husband and I were so tired from the flight, or we would have leaved the place. I definitely would not recommend this place to anyone.	
Nov 21 2009 	Great Location Thats about all!!!	stayed at the Inn of Chicago for 8 nights,very well situated,rooms are comfortable but could do with water and t bags as there is no breakfast room or restaurant at this hotel.Travelled all the way from Scotland to be given a room on the 4th floor looking over the marriot hotels brick wall at the back a view wouldve been nice.Arrived at reception to be greeted by staff who at the time couldnt be more awkward or rude if they tried to a fellow guest who was obviously in distress all because they couldnt get her card to swipe treateed like she was a criminal and not a guest,thought to myself i certainly wouldnt put up with that treatment,however when my daughters swipe card for her room wouldnt work the young spikey haired lad at reception who also looked after?? the guest in was referring to then tried to do exactly the same with myself and managed to press all of my buttons to the point he was a very lucky his manager stepped in.not the way you want to be spoken to whilst having a vacation.T he Bar!! If you like to wind down at night with family or friends you certainly cant do it here as the bar opens approx 5pm and closes at whatever time the barperson decides and on the night we were meeting our friends who had travelled from kentucky happened to be 10pm?? and not only on this occasion ,however Dan was a very nice person but as he admitted was part of a union so dont expect to be served within 15-20minutes or more if he has someone else hed prefer to chat to.Waited 21years to take my son to Chicago as hes always been a massive Bulls fan only to be Dissapointed in this historic hotel.The hotel however is perfectly located and the porters are definately the nicest and most helpfull of the staff and nothings to much for them and thankgoodness someone seems to care about customer service.I dont usually rant on unless im mistreated and i do know what customer service is as i do own a hote,a guesthouse and a publib bar in dif towns in Scotland and none of these staff except for the porters and the black lady behind reception would be employed by us even if it meant we had to work 24hours a day till someone else came alon.Theres plenty more hotels in Chicago and whilst this one is central i would give it a miss this time aroundOur kids are 21 and 19 and our friends are early 40s as well as ourselves and we all agree and all had plenty of fun elsewhere.So sad for such a great hotel with history that no one seems to care.Long live the unions???? (Not)	
Nov 18 2009 	Love this hotel!	This was my first time in Chicago and my friend and I were a little uncertain about this hotel before we got there. It was amazing. The staff (especially LaTonya and Dan the bartender) could not have been more helpful. Everything was taken care of for us, and the location is perfect. The value of this hotel far exceeds the others I checked out. We were so sad to leave!	
Nov 16 2009 	Far and Away the Best Customer Service EVER!!!!	My family and I decided to meet in Chicago for a weekend together. My future brother-in-law had decided to propose to my sister at the hotel on their terrace. The concierge LaTonya and manager Alyn did EVERYTHING in their power (including staying past their work hours) to help us make this the most amazing proposal ever. I have NEVER experienced such help and kindness from a hotel staff in my life. Words can't even begin to express the wonderful things they did for us. In addition, they helped with dinner reservations, special touches, tours, etc. Staff is hands down the best out there.The rooms are simple, clean and just enough room to be comfortable. The hotel just had such a cozy, family feel to it that I don't ever plan on staying anywhere else in Chicago. You won't be disappointed. Not to mention, the rates are absolutely unbeatable!!! I would recommend this place to anyone.	
Nov 10 2009 	Convenient and pleasant	We got this room for around $72 a night including taxes. The location is great, just feet from Michigan Avenue, and convenient to transportation, and a great place to set out on walks. We walked to the Art Institute quite easily. Check in was good. We arrived early and the room we booked, a queen, as not available, so the very nice clerk arranged for us to have a king room instead. The room was not enormous by any stretch, but more than enough room to turn around and maybe even dance between the TV and the bed. The room was on a corner, with two windows, the main one overlooking Michigan Avenue.I noticed they were gradually upgrading the rooms (on the mezzanine there were stacks of boxed plasma TVs, and the 22nd floor--we were on the 17th--was noticeably fresher than ours), but our unupgraded room was just fine. The bathroom as small, but not claustrophobic. For whatever reason the sink had obviously been recently replaced with one of those furniture-like models, and it was very handsome, but way out of scale to the rest of the bathroom.Requests for extra pillows and towels were fulfilled by the cleaning staff without any trouble. The bar staff was super nice. The Lavazza coffee shop in the lobby was convenient although the gelato was mediocre.The crowd here skews young. The lobby tries and generally succeeds at being hip and modern.	
Nov 5 2009 	Value for Location but disappointing.	Recently stayed on business trip. Lobby has been renovated to appear as a boutique hotel, but this isn't true for the rooms. Faded but clean room. Small bathrooms with no counter and shoddy worksmanship. We had to change rooms because of the odor of the carpet cleaning solution used in the hallway. Free wi-fi in lobby was a plus. Front staff were very helpful and friendly, but overall it was disappointing.	
Oct 26 2009 	I'd definately stay again!	I hadn't stayed at the Inn of Chicago for years, and after reading some of the negative comments was a little reluctant. Glad I booked it. The front desk was extremely friendly. Surprisingly, the manager came out to greet me, welcomed me to the hotel, and told me not to hesitate to contact him if he could do anything to make my stay more enjoyable. Room was roomy and clean. The only negative was that the mattress was so soft we kept feeling like we were rolling to the center of the bed. The hotel is a great location and well maintained. We'll definately stay here next time we visit Chicago and would not hesitate to recommend it to friends.	
Oct 21 2009 	What was all the complaining about....?	Wow - the folks out there had me so scared about this hotel that I tried to change hotels an hour before my plane left for my business trip to Chicago.What was all the huffing and puffing about? Hands down, this hotel is in an amazing location.Staff was friendly an accomodating. I asked for a room upgrade and got the Junior Suite - a cute little &quot;apartment&quot; with a living room area, plasma tv, a wet bar, bathroom, and bedroom (bed was SUPER COZY). The room was clean, and any request for additional toiletries was granted with a smile.The only reason I would say that the room was a 4 was due to the lack of complimentary internet in the room.The lobby has access to free Wi-Fi and is a cozy little hang out spot (I'm actually in the lobby area writing this review while I wait for my shuttle to the airport).So - don't listen to the negative reviews. You're in a great location, fun hangout spots are at abundance, and they are quick to accomodate for upgrade requests.	
Oct 17 2009 	Great Location Good Prices...	We have stayed here for 3 nights. The location is great, very close to the Loop. We stayed in a standard room but it was like compressed, the bath too. There was a door to another room I guess, luckily it was locked. The air conditioner was a little bit noisy and very old. If you are not looking for luxury but a budget place close to the Loop, I recommend the Inn of Chicago, Magnificent Mile.	
Oct 12 2009 	You are on your own here	I stayed at this hotel from september 9 to 16. On my last night, while packing, I found that my iPod was missing. I went downstairs to report this at about 10 pm and I was asked to fill some papers with a guy that never identified himself beyond being a security guard and no copy of the forms were offered to me. At one time this security guy told me that he needed to file a police report and even when there was a phone on the desk he went to another office and made the call (so I was told). He promised to give me the number of the report but today, almost 4 weeks after the event I still don´t have it.I left the next morning at 6 am so there was no more information about this issue the next day. I had to make no less than 8 calls from Mexico City in order to find out that maybe an answer was due for the following week. Another series of calls followed, all by myself, none by the hotel. Eventually they told me that the cleaning maid reported that se had never saw the iPod and that was it. The hotel, I was informed, had no responsability at all for the goods of their guests. So, if you are planning to go there, keep in mind that you are on your own. I guess that this might be the case for a $20.00 per night place in some forgotten part of the country but surely is not to be expected for a respectable business hotel in Chicago Magnificent Mile.Or maybe it has to be with the fact that I am not American and live in mexico. Trying to follow upo a claim like this is so frustrating and time consuming that in the end nothing happens at all.In short, if you spend some nights there the advice is to carry with you all your valuables as they will be safer with you in the streets than in the room and the hotel takes no responsability.	
Oct 6 2009 	Good value great location	We stayed in this hotel for 6 nights. Very pleased with location and quality, although we did book on a discount site and paid about 40% below original hotel price, which is probably why we thought it was such a good deal. Coffee shop downstairs with great cappucinos, excellent service at front desk, one block away from Mag Mile. Walking distance to underground, and to Navy Pier. Beautiful rooftop patio, and despite the signs, hotel staff don't mind if you buy a bevvie at the 7-eleven across the street and bring upstairs to the patio. Rooms are quite small, as are bathrooms, but clean. Cleaning staff are a bit loud in the morning, and have a tendency to ignore the &quot;do not disturb&quot; on the door and walk right in - be sure to use the chain lock!! Elevators are tiny and you may have to wait a few minutes to get up to your floor, but really not an issue.	
Oct 1 2009 	Don't get too picky!	I've read all the negatives - and there is an element of truth to them. On the whole, however, I thought this was a good place to stay. We previously stayed here before the renovations: the place is much better now. The staff were friendly enough: I don't expect gush. Sean behind the desk deserves a special mention: he dealt with a minor reservation glitch by giving us a better discount than I ever expected, and upgrading us to a corner room with a bigger bed. Yes, the bathroom was tiny, though it wouldn't actually cause any problems to a normal-sized person.Did the roof terrace close at night? Yes, but only when you'd had chance to watch the sun set, and it was pitch black. There were signs telling you not to bring in drink from outside, but in view of the hotel bar prices, none of the guests seemed to take any notice!Was the bar expensive? Yes, hotel bars always are. Was it full of oldies, too scared to venture out? Well I probably was one of those oldies, collapsing into the bar for a last nightcap with my wife and our friends after &quot;hitting the town&quot; from morning till night!If you want to be picky, pay a lot more money and stay in a better hotel: then get picky! This is probably the cheapest hotel on Michigan Avenue.	
Sep 27 2009 	Great Location Reasonable Price Mediocre Service	We stayed here for 5 nights in mid-September. The price was fair (about $100/night) and the location was great. Easy walking distance to the Navy Pier, River North, Streeterville, etc. and it was practically on the Magnificent Mile. Close to the subway at State Street.Amenities were ok. Nice workout room with good and ample equipment. Nice top-floor terrace with a good view (although the hours weren't great -- it closed at 10pm). One big drawback was no free WiFi in the rooms -- you had to go down to the lobby, which was usually filled with other guests doing the same thing. Particularly bothersome was that you could not get WiFi reception in the hotel bar, which was just a few feet away from the lobby.The room was clean and the maid service was good. The TV was an old CRT and the picture was a little fuzzy. The room is on the smaller side, and the bathroom is really tiny. We could've used 4 pillows instead of 3, and plush instead of feathered. Other than that, the room was fine.The bar was kind of lame. The only patrons were middle-aged to senior-aged guests of the hotel who seemed to frightened to venture outside. The beer selection was terrible (who needs 12 domestic lagers?) and overpriced. We didn't try any &quot;signature cocktails,&quot; and I'm sure we weren't missing much. The bartender was a bit of a jerk, too. We hoped to see a different bartender later in our stay, but it was the same guy every night.The bell desk was cool about keeping our bags for us while we did some more sightseeing on our last day after we checked out. The bell staff was very helpful and friendly, beyond their duties.The front desk staff wasn't terrible, but seemed aloof and nonplussed about working there. On the first night, our keycards were somehow erased and we had to go to front desk to have them replaced. The staff didn't seem to concerned or apologetic about this inconvenience to us.As for food, there was a nice tea/coffee shop across the street, a 24 hour Dunkin' Donuts (!!!), and a burrito place that was not that great. Also, a gay bar called &quot;Second Story Bar&quot; which we almost tried out before reading that it was a gay bar (we're a straight couple -- nothing against gay bars, just not our scene).At night, there was a creepy, lurking security guard who gave everyone who was sitting in the lobby silent, dirty looks. A little odd.Other reviewers complained about the noise and proximity to a fire station. We were on the 14th floor and didn't have any complaints about that. The walls are thin, however, and we had some rowdy frat boy neighbors the last night we stayed there.Overall, for the price and location, this hotel was worth it. If you're looking for better amenities (e.g., breakfast, free WiFi), then you might want to stay somewhere pricier. But this was a decent hotel and we were basically happy with our stay.	
Sep 19 2009 	Right off the Magnificent Mile	Three friends and I stayed in a double-double room at this hotel for one night. You can't beat the price for this location. The rooms are small, but the space is used well, so I didn't feel like we were tripping over each other. Two complaints would be that the air conditioner was a bit noisy, and don't even think about spending time in the room watching TV as the picture-quality was terrible and there was a humming noise coming from it. On the positive side, the 22nd floor terrace has really nice views.Parking was very expensive, but I guess that's to be expected if you stay downtown. We did self-park instead of valet and paid $60 for parking from 9:30 a.m. to 11:30 the next morning. When going out at night, we had no trouble getting a taxi, as there were plenty waiting right out front.	
Sep 15 2009 	Can't beat the location	As with the title, you just can't beat the location and the convenience but you also get what you paid for. This is a basic services hotel and while it had been renovated, it is showing it's age. My bathroom was renovated but I don't understand how you can put the sink beside the door --- I guess if the space is tight, you just have to make do. The room had a musty smell but since I was only there for a day and they were sold out, I stayed out for the most part. The bed was comfortable and beddings nice and clean, but the fabric on the desk chair was stained as well the carpet. I used my flip flops and didn't use the chair at all. The corridors also had a somewhat musty smell that I would think a dehumidifier should be able to take care of. The lobby is spacious and since you have to pay for Internet Access in your room, everyone just took advantage of the free internet in the lobby and used it from there so the lobby was rather busy with people and their laptops (me included).It was a toss-up whether or not I would recommend this hotel, but decided I could because you couldn't beat the location, but know what you're getting and that this is a 2-3 star property.	
Sep 15 2009 	Not what we thought it would be...	Check in: Our room was not ready till 4:30 (check in at 3 and they kick you out by 12 noon) not sure why it takes 4.5 hrs to clean such a small room! The front desk clerk was so rude!! The room was small, dark, dirty looking. The Bed was not comfortable, a sheet as the main cover of the bed...?? The bathroom was so small, hit your knees on the sink if you are sitting on the toilet. Waiting in line for an elevator everytime you try to up or down. Having the maids storage next to our room was not great-- they are so loud banging stuff around in there. was up every morning by 6:45 b/c of that! For the price we paid I should have spent an extra $100.to stay at a nice hotel down the street. The door guys at other places where nicer than this place. Not one person the entire 4 days said one word to us.  I would never stay here again if it was free!!!!	
Sep 14 2009 	Not as pictured	We selected the Inn of Chicago based on the web site, it looked contemporary and convenient. The Hotel lobby looked like one of those $1000.00 makeover shows. Very cheaply done. There was an odd smell in the entire hotel and they tried to mask it with Flower freshener which made it worse. The furniture in the lobby and halls were covered with lint and stains. The rooms were small (which is fine) but they were FILTHY. We went straight to the lobby to get out $ back and move on. After a battle with the manager he finally stated he would let us out of our reservation. Which left us on the street in January with our luggage. Horrible experience.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great Location Horrible Rooms	We stayed her because I got a good rate with Hotwire Travel Ticker and we were on a budget for our hotel room. We also picked it because it is so close to Michigan Ave. which was great, but our stay was anything but. Our room looked nothing like the rooms they display on their website. It looked like the decor hadn't been touched or changed in years. The bathrooms were so small that only one person could be in there at a time and if you really wanted to, you could go to the bathroom and wash your hands at the same time. The beds were very uncomfortable and the duvet cover was only enclosed by two flat sheets, which was disgusting because I doubt they wash the duvet covers very often. After a long day of shopping and running around, we were ready to get back to our room and shower. The hotel only has 3 small elevators for 22 floors that fit four people comfortably and 6 people tight. We had to wait in line and for numerous elevators to come through before we could even get on one. That drove me crazy since all I wanted to do was sit back and relax, not wait in line for an elevator. It wasn't enjoyable relaxing in the room because the room was much smaller than an average room you would find at Hampton Inn or a Holiday Inn.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great location downtown by Michigan Avennue	Very central location off Michigan Avenue, near shopping and restaurants and 5 min to nearest train station.	
Sep 7 2009 	Still the Most Convenient for a Place to Sleep	As a tourist in Chicago, one is usually too busy with the sightseeing attractions, visiting the nightlife or sampling fantastic restaurants. With that sort of agenda, all you need is a safe, comfortable place to sleep so that you can do it again the next day. The Inn of Chicago continues to fit that bill of convenient location, reasonable price, and no-frills-necessary accommodations.Located a block away from Michigan Ave., the streets around the hotel (the corner of Ohio and St. Clair) are quiet with relatively low foot traffic. Navy Pier is within a 15-20 minute walk, and all of the Magnificent Mile is even closer. Just within blocks of the hotel are restaurants of various cuisines (Italian, Armenian, tapas, Mexican, Asian), casual bars, and the obligatory national-chain donut shops and coffee shops. A 7-Eleven sits on the corner across the street for any late-night snack or beverage needs.The Inn of Chicago does tout its Innbar, a small lounge on the main level. However, as the crowds (or lack thereof) in the bar indicated over this Labor Day weekend, it is not the primary attraction of the hotel. There were, at most, maybe three or four patrons having a cocktail or beer at any given time, so the poor lonely bartender may be distracted by any human contact. Therefore, don't expect table service. Just go up to the bar yourself and order a drink there.The fitness center was described by hotel staff as having recently been renovated with new equipment. This consists of a series of new dumbbells (ranging from pairs of 5 to 50 lbs.), a vertical machine weight system with pull-up bars and weight bench, a recumbent stationary bike, two treadmills, an eliptical, balance ball, and yoga mat. A water cooler and flat-panel TV are also available in the room, but bring your own towels from your room.	
Sep 2 2009 	excellent location comfortable bed	I was sent to a conference in Chicago downtown. This hotel is just 1 block away. I am satisfied about the location. I was a little disappointed when I stepped in the room. The room is kinda small and the dark blue patten carpet didn't look clean. However, the bed is very comfortable. After staying there for three nights, I didnt feel the room was that small any more and I found they use space very efficiently - the tiny bathroom has everything. But I still feel that they need to clean the carpet, and it would be much more convenient if they have free internet in each room, so people wont have to go to the lobby and check their emails.	
Aug 31 2009 	Perfect	Didn't cost that much, I had gotten a discount. Was right in the heart of downtown. A lot of other people complained of small rooms, but I had gotten a pretty big one. Friendly staff. Its not the Ritz Carlton but It was safe clean and comfortable.	
Aug 23 2009 	Says it's 3 stars - not even close !	Fair at best. Stayed here on a last minute &quot;deal&quot; - advertized as 3 star hotel. It's a stretch to call it a 2 star ! Good location but otherwise, nothing but disappointments. Poor service, only fairly clean (below average), small rooms and bathrooms, not very attentive service. Wouldn't stay there again unless the price is ROCK bottom !	
Aug 10 2009 	NPE 2009	It's ok for business trips. Few steps from Michigan Avenue. Clean. Good wi-fi connection. Good bar service. No breakfast service, but a nice Lavazza shop next the side entrance.	
Aug 9 2009 	Excellent	everything excellent except the hotel interior design (bit old) :) but lobby design is good	
Aug 2 2009 	Great Location Great Stay	I must say location location location. This hotel has one of the best locations. We were able to walk, get the bus or jump on the city tour bus and get around the city without a hitch. This is not the Ritz Carlton so if that is what you are looking for don’t book this hotel. Yes, the bathrooms are very small but we don’t base our stay or enjoyment on the size of the bathroom It was very clean, updated and great water temperature. We found the bed very comfortable. We paid less than 70 dollars a night through easyclicktravel.com so we felt it was a bargain. It afforded us the ability to get two rooms one for my husband and I and one for our teenagers. The lobby and bar were also great. I have no complaints. Yes I would recommend this hotel for a friend and we will stay again.	
Jul 30 2009 	Inn of Chicago - perfect	We stayed for 5 nights and were given a corner room. We had a great time. The room was a good size and while the bathroom was small, it was not a problem for us. The Inn is within walking distance of so many attractions - it's the perfect location. Usually, when renting a room, there is always something wrong. Maybe the coffee maker doesn't work. Maybe the bed is uncomfortable. Maybe no one answers when you call the front desk. Maybe you can't get the water in the shower to the right temp. There was absolutely nothing wrong with this hotel. It even smelled good. We will not only stay again, we would recommend it to anyone going for sight-seeing. Lovely place.	
Jul 29 2009 	small rooms 	ridiculuosly small old bathroomsslow hot elevatorshot hallwayssecurity people bothering you while your having cocktails and just laughing ??????????	
Jul 29 2009	Hire a new staff!	My brothers and I traveled to Chicago for the Cubs/Reds game this past weekend, and unfortunately we stayed at the historic Inn of Chicago. We were able to overlook the small rooms, closet-sized bathrooms and elevators, lack of room safes, etc. Not a huge deal. As is often the case, though, PEOPLE are the true indicators of a good business, and this establishment gets two thumbs down. Day 1: Following our arrival Friday afternoon,. I realized I had left my camera in the car. Since the car was valet parked (for $41/day), I kindly requested an employee retrieve my camera for me. This slight request was answered with a furrowed brow and huffy response from the door man. Frankly, I was taken aback with such a response. This guy works here, right? Only after I repeated the request, did the man get on his walkie-talkie with the valet. The camera was then delivered to me, 20 minutes later. I was slightly irritated, but let it go......Day 2: After an exhausting day on the town, my brothers and I made our way to the hotel terrace for a cigarette and to enjoy the night air. It was midnight, and we soon learned that the terrace closes at 10:00 pm -- for some people.. Although a group of ladies and an older man were out there having a wonderful time, when WE sat down at a table and chairs, security appeared. The security guard walked right past the other patrons, and told us the terrace was closed. Again, I was shocked and irritated. I realize that my brothers are large men, and for people who do not know them, they may appear threatening. In reality, however, they are respectful and respectable men and do not deserve to be discriminated against. I was angry, but again I let it go...... Day 3: I was ready to go. Unfortunately, when my vehicle was pulled around by the valet, I immediately noticed that the clock face was damaged. I pointed the damage out to the valet who basically ignored me, then told me to talk to the man working at the garage across the street. He was obviously no help either. I filed a vandalism claim with my insurance and am out $150. Would I return to this hotel? No. Would I fire the staff and rehire new? Absolutely.	
Jul 26 2009 	Location a plus room was a bust	First off, I am not the type of person that generally leaves a review, but this hotel definately deserved it. First off the location is amazing. As everyone has said it is a block from the magnificent mile. My husband and I drove to Chicago, but had the valet staff park our car (for $41 a day) and walked or took a cab everywhere. It is a $5 cab ride to most every place we went, and it isn't a bad walk if you want to do that instead. Now, on the down side. These rooms were rediculously small. I'm not saying it was a little cramped, it was TERRIBLE! The bathroom is the worst...there isn't a vanity and the shower is smaller than my kitchen sink. I was so disapointed. Chicago was just one of our stops on our 8 day road trip and with all of our luggage there wasn't any place to move throughout the room. I believe we paid $130 a night (booked it online) and this hotel was a terrible deal for the amount of space you are given. We looked at other hotels in the area, and if we are to go back to Chicago on vacation we will most defnately stay at the Marriott on Michigan avenue. This hotel is a block from the Inn of Chicago, is very decently priced, and even their smallest room has to outmatch the Inn of Chicago.	
Jul 25 2009 	Great Location	Within walking distance of all main attractions. Try Mary's Cafe for breakfast not West Egg that the hotel staff recommend.Staff were extremely helpful with all enquiries. Only small criticism would be the size of the bathroom.	
Jul 22 2009 	amazing hotel and friendly staff	ok yes i agree with everyone the bathroom was extremely small but other than that i thought everything was wonderful i love the patio on the 22nd floor because everyone could go there you could bring mcdonalds up there if you wanted it wasn't a pricey restruant that only a few could afford so everyone got to enjoy the beautiful view	
Jul 20 2009 	Shockingly Negative Experience	Very disappointed in the Inn of Chicago as a return visitor. The customer service has not been a pleasant situation due to a financial situation that has occurred. Prior to check out I went to the front desk and requested to pay $100 cash towards the room prior to check out with my boyfriend. I mainly wanted to pay for the valet of my car however decided that the even dollar amount would be good. I handed over the cash and the cashier looked at me as if I was wasting her time; at that time I required a receipt be provided; I must admit it was my fault for not reviewing the folded up receipt because the cashier charged the credit card that reserved the room. Once the credit card statement was received there were two charges; one in the amount of $100 and the other for the remaining amount. Very odd how the one receipt that was for $100 cash does not have a cashier number listed...The accounting staff has not been pleasant and is not willing to connect us directly with the hotel manager, office manager, front desk manager, etc (we keep getting the run around) and keeps insisting that we will receive a call back. I do however find it odd that the accountant has reviewed the video tape and apparently stated that I paid with a credit card which was never swiped and what in the world would the cashier do with the credit card since she didn't hand anything back to me. I feel that they are not taking the proper steps to resolve this issue. We will not be staying here again, if you can't trust the lobby/cashier staff on camera who can you trust. We stayed at the Inn of Chicago to save money with a discount as a returning customer however in the long run paid more.	
Jul 14 2009 	All talk no action.	I was very disappointed by this hotel. In the pictures it looked cute and trendy looking but when we got there we found that all of that trendiness was all for show and that there is no comfort.The room was small : the lamps made a weird noise, the A/C made a really loud noise and half the channels on the TV were blurry. The bathroom was TINY and the closet minuscule.As for the location, it was ok but I will not stay in Magnificent Mile next time I'm in Chicago - too many tourists with white sneakers, it reminded me of Times Square! Just annoyingly touristy.The price was right for the location and &quot;look&quot; of this hotel but it's basically all it's got going for it.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great Location Great Hotel	We spent three days here for the taste of chicago we would definitely return again the room was great the bed are comfortable we was on the 22 floor the sky deck was beautiful the lobby was spacious moderm and well appointed this location is walking distance to michigan ave where there is great shopping and resturants love this place would definitely return this is one of the most professional desk,concierge host, doorman and housekeeping staffs kathleen you was the best to joe of security who was a great person and may our stay great thank you	
Jul 12 2009 	Great location big room excellent value	I booked this hotel online and got an amazing deal despite it being over July 4th weekend. Because of that I was expecting to turn up and get some tiny box room, so I was very pleasantly surprised to get a really big room - most impressive! It was well furbished, comfortable bed, nicely decorated. No complaints at all. The location of the hotel is as good as it gets, half a block from the southern end of Mag Mile. Means you can walk anywhere central in the loop, Grant Park, Millennium Park, Mag Mile, River North, Streeterville, Gold Cost neighborhoods as well as Navy Pier. And public transport is close for the rest, busses on N. Michigan, and the red line El just a few blocks way. The hotel itself is a pretty cool older building, the lobby is nice (there is a very modern minimalist looking bar there too, but I didn't go in. Also a coffee place attached). Yep, the lifts can be a bit slow, being an older building, they are smaller. But it wasn't that bad really, didn't have to wait to long ever. I guess people can be impatient on vacation! There is also a roof terrace with a good view. Wireless internet is available for free in the lobby, but not in rooms.Any downsides? The only thing I can say I thought a bit shoddy was the room servicing. Just things like towels not being replaced one day, 2 or 3 days when the coffee pot was left uncleaned and coffee sachets not replaced, bathroom floor not swept. Nothing major, but just a bit slack.	
Jul 1 2009 	Convenient	The hotel is right in the middle of things so makes an excellent place to stay. We walked to Grant Park, Navy Pier, North Michigan avenue shops, and the Gold coast. The hotel is old but clean and nice. Check-in was fast and the man couldn't have been friendlier. All staff was extremely pleasant and friendly. It was an excellent buy because we got the rooms at lower than any other on or near Michigan Avenue. The best part of the hotel is the Terrace on the 22nd floor. It overlooks the city and is a wonderful place to sit and visit with friends, read newspapers, see city lights after dark, whatever. Coffee shops are attached and two are right across the street. I would definitely stay again.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great Location small rooms	I stayed at the Inn of Chicago during the weekend of June 26, 2009. I booked the room the same day for $91 at Hotwire, and it was a fine deal. The hotel is centrally located one block west of the Magnificent Mile, but it's not noisy at all. I arrived around 12:30am and quickly checked into my room, which was very small but clean and comfortable, with an excellent shower and nicely appointed bathroom. The day that I checked out, I received a mistaken wake-up call at 7am, but I called the front desk and asked if I could check out a little later to catch up on the interrupted sleep, and I was able to stay until 2pm. All in all, I enjoyed staying in this hotel and I would stay again with my husband... but not with anyone else; too little space!	
Jun 25 2009 	Good hotel great location horrible customer service	My wife and two young boys stayed at this hotel for 4 days and 3 nights in June of 2009. As many others have stated, the location of this hotel cannot be beat. Walking distance to the Magnificent Mile (if you like shopping), to the Navy Pier, and many other attractions. Just a short train ride will get you to Wrigley Field for a Cubs game.I take one or two business trips a year, and usually stay at the Marriot or Hilton. This hotel is not up to their standards, but it is not bad. The elevators are the smallest I have seen anywhere, but that isn't really that big of a deal. The rooms were good size, except for the bathroom. Don't even think of trying to get more than one person ready at a time in these bathrooms. They are extremely small in space and size!! Also, the outside noises are not kept out very well at all. I was woken up many times due to noises going on outside.As with most places I visit these days, the customer service had much room for improvement. Have you ever gone somewhere that is supposed to serve you, and when you ask them questions or ask them for help you feel like you are bothering them or taking up their precious time? Well, that's how we felt more than once here. I asked a lady at the front desk if it would be possible for me to print something off that I needed to print. She tried to answer my question while she was busy walking bath and forth trying to do some of her own work. She then finally told me that yes, they could help me print something, but their printer doesn't work most of the time. She then told me to I should go to another business to print something for $5.00. She was just rude and very unhelpful.Would I recommend someone to stay at this hotel. Well, yes and no. Don't even think about paying regular rates for this hotel. Find a deal on hotels.com, hotwire, or somewhere else. Once you get the price down to half of what you pay for a top-of-the-line hotel, then stay.	
Jun 20 2009 	Location was great but thats about it.....	The first room we got smelled like a bunch of cats had lived in it. We told the front desk and they got us in a new room right away. The first lady when we checked in was like a robot with her answers, she didnt listen to what we were saying. The rest of the staff was nice. The rooms werent very nice at all. Although the beds were very comfortable! The sheets were wonderful! The nicest part of the hotel is the lobby (we didnt spend any time in there, but it looked nice) and the bathrooms LOOKED nice, VERY small!!! The view was wonderful as well. We rented a movie and had to almost sit on the t.v to hear it. The volume was set to a certain point but you couldnt hear it while sitting on the bed. That was disappointing. The location was nice. We got a double standard room at almost $200.00. Next time I think we will stay at the chain hotel next door for less! Parking was very pricey, maybe thats the norm in chicago, that was our first trip. Took us by surprise.	
Jun 18 2009 	WARNING: OUR SOUVENIRS WERE STOLEN OUT OF OUR ROOM BY THE CLEANING ATTENDANT!	we just returned from a cruise, and had left our souvenirs w/ our other things in the room. the night before checking out, we noticed they were missing and called security. security told us that they do BAG CHECKS OF ALL THEIR EMPLOYEES before they go home after a shift - obviously, they don't trust their employees at all. they took our statement, said an investigation would take 7 days, but we insisted on immediate action. the hotel manager was unable to reach the room attendant because 1) she failed to show up for her next shift and 2) refused to return his calls. the manager offered to reimburse us the money, but those souvenirs and gifts are gone. we called to follow up but the manager is ignoring us and not returning our calls. DON'T STAY HERE IF YOU VALUE YOUR BELONGINGS!	
Jun 3 2009 	Budget with a View	Pros:-Location 1/2 off Michigian Ave.- Trendy/Modern furnishings- Price given location- 1 block max from several major bus routes (feels like we spent most of our trip on 151)- Rooftop Terrace: Great view of city Llghts at night- Huge showerhead- Large flatscreen that swivels b/w couch &amp; bed (we didn't watch any TV though)- Lavazza Coffee Shop attached to lobbyCons:- Old Building = Tiny Elevators- WiFi isn't free in rooms (you see lots of guests with their laptops in the lobby). The WiFi is provided by WayPoint so if you have an acct w/them or AT&amp;T you'll be ok, otherwise factor that in.- No Parking, but that's the norm for the area	
May 26 2009 	Great Location Great Value Amazing Rooftop Terrace Available to Everyone (Weather Permitting)	Great Hotel and great location. Main drawback is that the hotel does not have room service. We found out when we called to have a wine corkscrew brought up to our room. Instead, we had to go to the lobby bar where the bartender glady opened our bottle up for us. We then took our bottle up to the rooftop terrace to enjoy a glass of wine while watching the sun set over the city. Although no room service, they do have a coffeshop/cafe attached to the hotel at the lobby level, which came in very handy to grab a coffee and muffin on the go. Upon check-in, we told the staff member that it was our 1st anniversary and he upgraded our room for us and gave us a voucher for 2 free drinks at the bar!!! That kind of treatment alone will make me go stay there again. You couldn't ask for a better location to stay at as well. The hotel is very centrally located in the Mag Mile, and is a short walk to the River North area, and Navy Pier. The concierge was also very informative and helpful. Lastly, what I thought was very cool, was that the hotel lobby had a computer kiosk where you could get your real-time flight info, check in, and print your boarding pass from - all for free! Overall, a wonderul stay!	
May 17 2009 	Nice room and staff budget price Central location	This was a great room at a GREAT price - right in the center of the city. It was right on Miracle Mile, close to the main deep dish pizza places and a short walk to Navy Pier. I have stayed several times in the Chicago city center, and believe this hotel is a terrific value. The only drawbacks were that the bathroom was small and directly off the bedroom/main room wall and no free wireless in rooms.	
Apr 27 2009 	Exactly what we were looking for	We went to Chicago for the weekend and wanted a place that was affordable and in a good location. We were right off Michigan Avenue for shopping and able to walk to Navy Pier for drinks at night. The hotel was great and the staff were very helpful as well. The room was spacious and this might have been the best hotel shower I have ever used. I would return to this property without question if my travels take me back to chicago. There are also a lot of good restaurant choices within walking distance, both casual and nicer places.	
Mar 24 2009 	Ehh mixed opinion.	The room was a pretty decent size. I stayed with 4 kiddos. I was in a standard double room and we were not cramped.The room was clean and the bedding and pillows were WONDERFUL. I have seriously NEVER had a bed so comfortable.The bathroom was the tiniest I have ever seen. You really do have to sit on the toilet sideways. Turn the sink on slowly so as not to be drenched.Some of the staff were wonderful There was a younger (probably early 20's?) black lady and a middle aged white woman (probably 60?) that were both rude and acted very put out with any request for help or directions. The other 3 ladies were wonderful and very helpful.I purchased through lastminutetravel and got the room for $43 a night for 4 nights. I will stay again. With this hotel being in a nice area, accomidations wonderful and just a few steps from Michigan Ave. It is well worth a few snotty front desk ladies and a tiny bathroom.Also be aware that they charge a $50 per day hold to your card upon check in for a deposit, I complained and they took it off through. May not matter to some but a family on a tight budget may not be able to lose $200 of their vacation funds.	
Mar 12 2009 	Great location great value	Although the standard rooms were quite nice, the small bathrooms were fitted with a large sink and a bulky wooden support which obstructs your seat. You'll need to sit sideways in order for things to work out. My colleague's room (1821) reeked of cigarette smoke which was attempted to be covered by an air freshener. The emotionless elderly receptionist coldly offered another room. The signs in the hotel indicate the fitness center is on the 3rd floor, but the room's directory (black binder) indicated it's on the 15th floor. The center consists of a couple of treadmills and 3 sets of small weights (that I didn't see). If you want (wireless) internet, you must spend time in the lobby, or spend $9.95 per day.	
Mar 5 2009 	Great Stay at the Inn of Chicago	I absolutely loved this hotel. I was a bit afraid when I booked it, because of the extremely low nightly rate of $58 (which I acquired through the hotel's website), but it proved to be a wise decision!After reading some reviews on TripAdvisor, I thought the rooms would be incredibly small and cramped. I was actually very surprised and satisfied when I walked into my Queen Deluxe room on the 14th floor.It was more than adequate for my budget trip to Chicago. The room was larger than I expected and even had a desk area to plan out my daily activities, which was a plus. The room was spacious and I did not feel claustrophobic once over my three night stay.The queen bed was comfortable and had nice clean white linens. The mattress was a bit firm for my liking, but they can't please everyone when it comes to firmness or softness.I had also read some reviews on TripAdvisor about the &quot;awkward&quot; bathrooms. My bathroom was fine. It was on the small side, but big enough for one to use. It had a lovely faucet sink and a typical shower/bath setup. The only thing I can critique about my room was the TV. The picture was incredible fuzzy, but I suppose I wasn't in Chicago to watch TV anyways. All in all, the Queen Deluxe room (their most basic room) proved to be a comforting and welcoming space with enough room for the solo traveler or intimate couple. It has all the amenities a hotel should have and came at a price that couldn't be beat. The location was awesome too; one block off the Magnificent Mile and in a central and safe area with a 24hr Dunkin Donuts right beside the hotel. Will I stay at this hotel again? Most definitely. The friendly staff, safe and welcoming rooms, plus affordable prices make this hotel a no brainer! Thanks Inn of Chicago for the awesome stay in your city!	
Mar 3 2009 	You get what you pay for	I would avoid this hotel. The pictures do not represent the hotel. Yes, the lobby is &quot;nice&quot; but the rooms are awful. When checking in, they asked if we would like a larger room but it would have only a shower, not tub. We agreed. The room was so small, we barely fit two people in it. They neglected to tell us the room was a handicap room so the shower head was not an appropriate height for a standing person. We could here EVERYTHING from another room through the vent in the bathroom. My husband ended up removing the grate and stuffing a towel in it. Everything from the hallways was amplified not to mention the ac/heating unit sounded as if it were going to take off to Mars. I was woken up each and everytime it turned on and shut off. We have stayed in hotels much nicer than this on the Mag Mile for roughly the same cost. Don't be fooled. Do your homework and you can find a better hotel for a great price. Oh and I believe it had been some time since the bathroom was last cleaned.	
Feb 26 2009 	Nice lobby tiny rooms lots of BED BUGS	Bed bugs. Stay away. I am pretty forgiving when it comes to hotels. I always stay at chains with my rewards points but this was cheap, looked very nice on the website, and had the perfect location. Since i was staying one night, i fugred, what the heck, take a chance. The hotel looks like the spent a lot of mone ymaking it look like a boutique in the lobby, but what they do spend on lobby decore they dont spend on cleaning staff or the room upkeep. The room was tiny, and the bathroom in this non-smoking room reeked of smoke. All of this i could forgive becayse it was one night and i wasn't spending much time in the room. The next morning i woke up with over 100 bed bug bites. They found the bugs after i left and say they have corrected the problem, but you dont get 100 bed bug bites unless its ben a problem for a very long time. It is one month later and I still have people asking me what all those red dots are on my arms.	
Feb 14 2009 	Loved the Location	My wife and I stay there in Feb. 2009 and enjoyed our 2 night stay. The location is great - a short block from Michigan Ave. We viewed 3 rooms before selecting a deluxe queen room ($87) on the 5th floor overlooking Ohio &amp; St. Clair Streets. The room was a clean 12x15 with a 5x5 bathroom. The hotel staff was extremely helpful and generally courteous. We opted for the in/out privileges of valet parking for $41 vs. the $36 park it yourself and leave it option. My main room complaint was no real seating except for a desk chair. We spend time sitting, reading and people watching in the lobby areas. There are multiple eating options nearby and within short walking distances. The location is one of the main strong points because almost everything downtown is minutes away on foot. I would opt to stay there again during my next Chicago visit.	
Feb 2 2009 	Gets the Job Done!	This hotel is a no frills place to make your base on a business trip to Chicago. Clean room, comfortable bed and a great shower means all the boxes are ticked. However, there are no restaurant or breakfast facilities (there's a small coffee shop adjacent, though, which serves great croissant) and no room service.Staff are friendly and very helpful and the hotel is conveniently placed to get around town on foot or via the &quot;L&quot; or Metra trains.	
Jan 29 2009 	GREAT BUDGET HOTEL	Great central location, trendy lobby and helpful staff. Rooms not that great. It was freezing cold even with heater running non-stop...mind you it was in January. Bath room is incredibly tiny. no hot water when i went to take a shower. Despite the quality of the room, as long as you dont plan to spend too much time in your room, the hotel is in a great location with friendly staff.	
Jan 29 2009 	I adore this place!	This place is amazing! It's wonderfully central, I don't think it took longer than 15 minutes to walk anywhere I wanted to go. I went with a friend of mine to visit some of our Chicago friends and I have to say we booked it because it was cheap given the location. $80 per night roughly!We had a double double room which came with the usual TV, iron, ironing board, hairdryer, phone and a coffee maker. The beds were more comfortable than mine at home! They were lovely and clean and the bathroom had a real designer feel to it. We were on the 14th floor and even from there the views were pretty amazing!The staff were amazing, Victor, who works on the transport/bell boy desk was so friendly and knowledgeable. Lindsey, the concierge seriously couldn't do enough for you and Simeon, the receptionist recommended so many nice places to eat! You could just say the word breakfast to him and he'd list off half a dozen places to go!It was freezing in Chicago when we visited, got down to a positively siberian -26 celcius but the hotel was always so warm, and the fully adjustable heating/air con in the room was a god send! There's a lovely little coffee shop attatched to the hotel that serves snacks and as for the bar, well, lets just say between us we sampled a lot of the cocktail menu, and I'd recommend most of them!All in all, I'd recommend this hotel to everyone! Great for girly weekends, couples, great for everyone in fact!	
Jan 22 2009 	cant see what the fuss is about	We stayed at the Inn of Chicago for 3 nights in Jan 2009. We found this hotel to be perfectly acceptable considering the much higher charges of other hotels in the surrounding area. We stayed in the city for just over a week where we spent the first 4 nights in a different hotel just around the corner as we were on business there. When we enquired as to the cost of staying in our present hotel we were quoted a price of $970. Considering the Inn of Chicago was approximately one third of the price, there wasn,t that much difference. Agreed the bathroom is quite small but who spends their holidays in the bathroom. The heating in the room is quite old but was considerably quieter than the one in our previous hotel. Overall the room was a decent size,staff were fine,bed comfortable and all in a fantastic location.	
Jan 22 2009 	Can't understand why everyone is slagging this hotel off - it's great!	I have never posted a hotel review before but felt compelled to defend this one in the light of some of the terrible things people have posted about it (I do note that most folk who are being negative are Americans, so maybe you guys are just never happy with hotels unless it's 5* and with a $500 a night price tag??!!)Anyway, we first stayed here in November 2006 and loved everything about Chicago. This is (in my opinion) the best city on the planet so all we wanted was a good location to stay in Downtown and a nice, clean hotel.We loved the hotel first time due to it's location, the friendly staff, comfy bed, clean room etc etc. I couldn't really comment on the bathroom (which people seem so put out about) because it was just that, a bathroom! It was clean and it did what it said on the tin. This is really all I look for in a bathroom in a hotel where I fully intend spending every waking moment outside sightseeing and not examining the soft furnishings or sink!!the lack of restaurant is known when booking so don't really see what people's issue is.We decided to return to Chicago for our hoenymoon in November 2008 and reseved this hotel again with no hesitation. I booked it direct and had no issues checking in. The room was lovely again and once more we had an awesome time in Chicago. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to a friend, and I suggest the Brits on here don't get put off by some of the other reviews as you'd be doing yourself out of a great place to stay.	
Jan 5 2009 	Great Location Tiny Bathroom	The Location of the Hotel cant be better if you want to be yards from Magnificient Mile and its Designer Shops. Check In was painless and quick. The only part I dont like is where the Hotel takes a swipe of your Credit Card for Incidentals. We went up to our room which was on the 20th floor which I had requested. On entering the room the one thing you notice is lack of Storage space which my wife always gets first lol. The Bathroom is tiny even smaller than rooms I have stayed in Europe and not been thought out properly but hey who stays in the Bathroom on Holiday? Noise in the Hotel was minimal only the sound of sirens on the busy streets of Chicago down below. Another thing that got my goat was you had to wear wristbands on New Years Eve to get back into the Hotel which I have never had to do anywhere else apart from when doing All Inclusive strange!!! Nearby is a good Thai restaurant although they can be a bit pushy for tips. Also there is a brill Cafe just round the corner which does ace breakfasts its called the West Egg Cafe also around the corner is Potbellys that do fantastic sandwiches.The Rooms in the Hotel are a bit tired and the Carpet could do with repairing but overall not a bad Hotel. Would I stay here again probably not but for first time visitors its not a bad option because of its location.Happy TravelingThe Ogre	
Jan 3 2009 	Avoid at all costs. PL\lenty of other options	Had a terrible experience with this hotel. After booking the hotel via hotwire it took 5 days calling trying to get someone who knows wha they are talking about and get them to add a king size bed. They also provided false information about parking and the rates they charge. I had to search for cheaper parking elsewheere which took half of our day. At arrival, the lady working the desk was very rude and unhelpful. Following morning I checked my bank account and hotel charged 483$ extra on top of my hotwire booking. Asked them to clear it and they assured me they would but a day later same problem. After 2 days finally the charge was reversed. On Dec 31st we had to wear armbands in order to go in and out of the hotel. On Jan 1st we had no hot water. Coffeemaker was broken. The sink water would only go to lukewarm temperature. Bathrooms are tiny. 2 people would not be able to fit. Same goes for elevators. 6 ppl would have problem squeezing in. Did not recieve the check out bill at my room on the morning of departure. When walked downstairs to check out I saw the that they charged double for my parking due to yet another error on their end. No room service. Bar downstairs extremely overpriced. I have nothing positive to say about the Inn of Chicago. Stay away at all costs.	
Nov 15 2008 	Great locationFriendly Staff	I stayed at the Inn of Chicago from November 1st-November 8th 2008 and found my stay rather pleasant.The Inn couldnt be positioned in a better location and is right off of Michigan avenue whilst also within a very short walking distance to Navy Pier,Grant and Milenium Park and all of the loop and downtown attractions.Directly outside of the hotel there is a new tea room called The Argo and a Seven Eleven,Dunkin Doughnuts and a few burrito places which are open 24/7 as well as a Popeyes and a Subway so its very handy if you want to pop out for some food in the evenings after the main resturants are closed down for the night.The nearest CTA line is the red line which is only a few minutes walk along E Ohio Street to the Grand/State station which serves Union Station and the southern areas.The hotel has a few coffee/food vendors in the lobby as well as a cool Inn Bar and lots of areas to sit and use the wireless internet and relax in the evenings which is nice,I never got try the rooftop seating area as it was closed for construction during my stay but from the sounds of it im sure it would be a very nice view of the city and Michigan avenue.I found my room to be basic but clean and spacious,with a nice work area desk for my laptop which was good as my room was included with free wireless internet coupons that were given to me upon check in as well as the tea/coffee facilities,iron/ironing board,hairdryer etc and lots of cable tv channels.The bathroom was clean and spacious with a large bath/shower combination as well as a large old fashioned looking sink which was a nice boutique touch to the room,also included were the usual hotel amenities such as shower gel,soaps,conditioner etc.I managed to get quite a reasonable rate for this hotel and i couldnt of asked for a better location especially since i was only walking distance to the Barack Obama election rally in grant park which was incredible to attend and it served as a major hub for all of the citys attractions with the option to walk to all of the major transport links and usual Coach USA,Gray Line,Greyhound and trolley tours of the city.My final view on the Inn of Chicago is basically that if you are looking for a clean,basic,reasonably priced hotel that is in a perfect location for all of the citys attractions and has enough in room facilities to keep you ticking over on a rainy day with lots of options for eating nearby as well as being family friendly then im sure you will love staying here.	
Nov 13 2008 	So-so	Stayed two nights for a professional conference. Check-in took awhile, and the receptionist was harried and kept asking people behind us in line if she could help them throughout our check in. The bathroom was tiny - hardly any space for toiletries. The towel rack was on the wall at the foot of the bathtub, inside the shower curtain. The bathtub drained slowly and there was no vent fan in the bathroom. The bed was comfy enough. We had a corner room (#1401), the room itself was big, but lacked ample table space, which would've been nice with the already too-small bathroom. After reading the other reviews, we decided to bring a fan to help block noise at night which really helped since the ice machine was right outside our door. Our TV remote didn't work properly. I agree that the saving grace of this hotel is it's great location to Michigan Ave. The room was OK but the major issue was with the bathroom - which I'm sure is a result of it being a historic inn. Next time we'll stay elsewhere, especially if we're on our own tab. We ate at the West Egg Cafe around the corner, which was pretty good diner-type food and there is a Starbucks next door to the hotel.	
Oct 27 2008	Excellent!	My husband and I accidently end up here. I was very sure I've booked Best Western River north (through Midashotels), location was interesting and the free parking as well. When we arrived there, we were told that we booked at the Inn of Chicago, which was a Best western in the past. There was no free parking, so I was very disappointed, but that only lasted until I saw the room. It was very nice, very clean and large enough. Location was even better then the best western I booked. We were just steps of Michigan Av and much closer to the lake. It was our beginning of our Route 66 journey, but spend an entire day in Chicago. We walked from the hotel to Lou Mitchell's via Michigan Av. From there we headed toward the lake and stopped at the Sears Tower on our way to the lake. We walk all the way up to the Navy Pear and then headed back to the hotel. In the evening we went to the Hard Rock Cafe, which is in a walking distance and had dinner at the thai restaurant, I don't remember the name, not far from the hotel. We both loved chicago very much, so there's a good chance that we will go back and see a little more of the city. We will absolutely stay in the Inn of Chicago again, even if we have to pay 35$ a day to park our car.	
Sep 28 2008 	As bare bones as it gets - this place sucked.	I stayed in a recently renovated executive queen room. The floor in the bathroom was filthy, and the room was so unbelievably small I barely had room to walk around after I put my suitcase down. One plug-in in the bathroom and the internet access was a complicated mess - they gave very poor instructions at the front desk as to how to connect. The location saves this hotel as it is very convenient to everything.	
Sep 27 2008 	Great location average hotel.	Recently stayed at the Inn of Chicago while attending a conference and it was listed as one of the conferences “host” hotels. At the time of booking our hotel there was not a lot of choices so we picked the Inn of Chicago as the location looked great, just off of Michigan Ave. Having read reviews here I was not expecting too much. Upon arrival the bell men, who was standing outside just stood there and looked at me, no offer to help with my bags or open the door for me to help me in. The lady at the front desk was able to check me in early. She was professional but not overly welcoming or friendly. My room 1719, was small and had a window facing the hotel behind ours and a wall. The air conditioners are old window units, that are loud and hard to regulate, either too warm or too cool. The curtains hang right above the unit and partially cover the vents, and allow light to come in under them. There was no closet in my room just a narrow armoire with a few hangers and also held an ironing board and iron. There was a nice sized desk, but have to pay $9.95 per 24-hour period to use the wireless internet ( free in the lobby area). The bed was comfy and the room clean. Yes the bathrooms are extremely small. I have had larger bathrooms on a cruise ship! But what made it worse was the ridicules “attempt an being hip” sink which takes up what little space there is and makes setting on the toilet a tricky maneuver! There is no restaurant, at the hotel just a little coffer shop connected to the lobby. There is a Dunkin Donut and a Starbucks right around the corner, and a 7-11 across the street. I never found a place to eat a real breakfast near the hotel until my last day, West Egg Cafe a few blocks away on Fairbanks. No vending machines in the hotel, and ice machines are hidden at the end of the hall, the one on my floor not working. There was a concierge in the lobby during the day to suggest local restaurants and sightseeing tours. The hotel is fine if looking for a good priced hotel in a central location on a leisure trip and just using the hotel as a place to sleep. I would not recommend it for business travel.	
Sep 22 2008 	Decidedly "eh" would stay elsewhere next time	I stayed here when I attended a conference in Chicago. The location is hard to beat, and that's about all I can say about this hotel. Amenities and service were almost non-existent. No breakfast (no restaurant, even), no free in-room internet, no fitness facility (for that you need to pay $5/day and walk three blocks to the Doubletree). I couldn't even find an ice machine! I had to go to the hotel bar for ice. The bartender begrudgingly fulfilled my request for a wineglass (&quot;Once I give these out, they never come back.&quot;) There was supposedly a part-time concierge, but one never seemed to be at the desk.My bed was comfortable, and the room clean and basic. No complaints there. The air-conditioner, however, was horribly loud and cycled on and off every 10 minutes. I could not run it at night and sleep. The bathroom was ridiculously small, and the sink placed so that it partially blocked the doorway. There was also mold on the wall and ceiling.I didn't have any problems with the check-in staff, and I found the bellhops to be very helpful.All in all, I wouldn't stay here again.	
Sep 2 2008 	Everything was great!	The location is great, close to the central shopping district and a short walk to Old Town, Near North and Millennium Park. The hotel service was friendly and helpful, and check-in was fine. The rooms are standard size (we had a double bed room) with super comfy beds. Also - they have a GREAT rooftop deck with seating to take in the views of the city. This was a beautiful view, especially at night.Overall, a great hotel for someone who is looking for an above average but not luxury hotel for a fun, easy stay in Chicago.	
Aug 25 2008 	VERY disappointing ...	I came to Chicago with one of my staff for a trade show at the Navy Pier. This hotel was listed in the hotel package, had great pictures of their rooms and talked about their million dollar renovation. I thought it would be a nice change to stay at a 'boutique' hotel instead of the usual Sheraton, Hyatt, etc. Boy was I surprised when I arrived! The location is awesome but the check-in staff were terribly rude (what happened to customer service training?). There appeared to be a lot of people just hanging around in the lobby who were 'friends' of the staff. I got on the elevator and felt claustrophobic and wondered if I'd ever reach the 5th floor. When I got to my room, I wondered where the million dollars had been spent (maybe the prisms in the front windows were diamonds?). The room and bathroom were the smallest I'd ever seen - made European ones look huge! The window air conditioner was noisy (yes a window air conditioner!), windows hadn't been washed in a l-o-o-o-o-n-g time and the lock on the adjoining door didn't work properly. I immediately called downstairs (after trying to find another hotel in the area that could take us) and checked out. What a surprise - I was met with a very friendly voice who apologized for the inconvenience and wished me a good stay in Chicago. We left and went up the street to the 4 Points Sheridan on Rush Street. The staff were awesome, hotel exactly what I would expect for downtown Chicago but expensive.	
Aug 19 2008 	Great location bare bones accommodation	Chicago is a very expensive city, and we left it until the last minute to book a hotel for our August vacation, a mistake we will not make again. The only downtown hotel for anything close to a reasonable price for my family of four was the Inn of Chicago at $200 per night. For that sum, we got a clean room with comfortable beds, but nothing else. I have not been in a hotel for a long time that had almost no amenities, but this was one. There was in-room coffee, but no newspaper, no breakfast, no in-room internet access (unless you wanted to pay an extra $10 per day). Free WIFI was available in the lobby. The bell staff was extremely helpful and pleasant, lessons that the front desk staff should take. They weren't rude, exactly, just cold and not very helpful. I would only stay there again if I were in the same pinch I found myself in this year.	
Aug 19 2008 	Fantastic Hotel for a Weekend Get-Away	My friend and I checked into the Inn of Chicago on a Friday evening for a one night stay. We loved the hotel!We checked in around 6:30 p.m. The lobby is gorgeous and very chic and fun. Check-in was fast and the two gentlemen who checked us in were efficient and very friendly. (We had a couple good laughs with them.) I'm pretty sure they gave us an upgrade to a lovely corner room with an excellent view of the city. (One side was a city view, the other side's view was of the pool level of the hotel next door.) Our room was very nice, simple and stylish decor, and much roomier than we thought would be according to the reviews. (This may have been because we had a corner room.) The bed was comfortable and the bedding and pillows were soft and comfy. No complaints at all there. The bathroom was admittedly small but it's not the smallest I've been in - and it was really cute! (And my tall friend did not come close to having her knees hit the sink vanity from the toilet, contrary to other reviews.) The terrace on the 22nd floor is very cool, it gives you a great view of Michigan Ave. Although it closes at 10:00 which I sort of understand, but I really think it should be open 24 hours. And while it says it closes at 10:00, my friend and I were up there at about 2:00 a.m. and the doors were not locked. (Just FYI)The location is just excellent! You really feel you're right in the heart of the action. You're a half block from Michigan Ave. and about three or four blocks from the el's red line. There are lots of great restaurants and stores very nearby. We ate breakfast at West Egg Cafe close by and it was very yummy. And Navy Pier is very much within walking distance. (We sort of ran into it by accident so I'm not sure how many blocks...but it didn't seem like a long walk at all.) One week here might have pushed my endurance of the small bathroom, but I think the location would probably help make up for it. (And granted, we were there to hit the city so didn't spend a great deal of time in our room.) But for a weekend, you'd have a hard time beating the price, location, and quality.	
Aug 11 2008 	Horrible service!!!!!!!!!!	For starters I would never stay at this hotel ever again. We went to check in Friday afternoon at 1PM and didn't end up getting a room until 10PM that night. They kept giving a handful of customers the excuse that the rooms aren't ready yet and needed to be cleaned and the cleaning staff went home for the night. This is after 7PM at night!!!! What have these people been doing all day????????? We were suppose to get 2 rooms with 2 doubles beds in each but they only gave us 2 rooms with 1 king bed in each. We had to sleep three people to a bed....tons of fun let me tell you! The bathroom was the size of a small closet and the toliet seat had dried paint and glue stains all over it, not to mention the mold in the shower. A receptionist by the name of Kathy was probably the rudest women I have ever met. She looks like a sweet grandma but don't let that fool you. She turned her back and walked into the back office area three times while I was talking to her trying to get our rooms straightened out. The 2 dozen or so people waiting in the lobby were all irrate at the horrible service and [--] these people were trying to feed us. I have honestly never seen something like this in my life! I can understand your 1 disgrunted customer, but not 2 dozen all at the same time. I was waiting for a fight to break out there was so much yelling and frustration in that place.I wish I would have read previous reviews before staying here. These people are right about the rude service.	
Aug 11 2008 	Great location; Awful front desk service	We planned a Red Sox weekend in Chicago with 2 other couples and all 3 rooms were paid in full months ago. The first 2 couples did not have a problem checking in, however, when the third arrived at 9PM they were told that their paid-in-full, guaranteed room had been given away and they were being sent to another hotel about 3 miles away. The desk help was rude, unfriendly and could not have cared less that the room had been confirmed. Fortunately, another guest overheard the conversation and helped them out by offering one of the 2 rooms that he had and wasn't using that night. That was great and the next night the hotel was able to accomodate them and find them a room. They did refund the one night, but it was an aggravating experience.The other staff including the bartenders and bell staff were great.The rooms are rather small and the elevators are small, slow and always crowded, but the place is clean and the location is fantastic.	
Jul 15 2008 	Exactly what we were expecting	We stayed there one night this past weekend. It was what I expected. An adequate hotel with a fantastic location. The front desk staff were a little rude when we checked in but the next morning the guy was super nice. We would go back unless we had the money to go a little nicer.	
Jul 12 2008 	OK hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights from 25th May. My first impression of the check-in staff was that they were off-hand as previous reviewers have said. The room was clean and comfortable. The location is great being in the heart of the city and we were able to walk everywhere. Because of staff attitude I would hesitate to stay there again	
Jul 7 2008 	Good little hotel	A good little hotel with an excellent location. The room was comfy. A decent, affordable place to stay for your visit to Chicago. I would be willing to stay here again.	
Jul 2 2008	Great Hotel/Rude front desk	The hotel is very nice and is in a great location. I thought that the price was fair for what you get. The valet service and bag handlers were very good and courteous. The only problem I had with this hotel was the pompous attitude and rude behavior from the people at the front desk. They were not welcoming or friendly at all. So much to the point that I will not be staying there again.	
Jun 28 2008 	Great Place for the price/location	Hotel was excellent. Rooms were nice, clean, comfortable and modern. Service was fantastic. We were able to check in earlier than expected. They also got us a cab to get us back to the airport in a timely manner. The location was perfect-close to shopping and subway. Price was reasonable too! Would recommend this hotel to a casual traveler who wants a nice comfortable place to stay in a central location.	
Jun 13 2008 	Excellent Hotel	My family and I stayed at the Inn of Chicago during Christmas and New Years. When we checked in we had multiple reservations but the lady at the check in was very kind and helpful and we were given the same room for our entire stay. As it was Christmas not many food places were open but the front desk had a list with phone numbers and hours of open restaurants. They were very good with giving directions. The maid was very good and always had enough towels. There is a 7 Eleven adjacent to the front door which is very convenient. There is also a sub shop/ice cream shop across from the side doors which are open 24 hours. There is also a Jewels about 5 or 6 blocks from the hotel (ask for directions) which had a very nice hot deli selection. Overall the hotel and staff was excellent and very clean. We booked our rate through hotels.com but orbitz also has better deals sometimes. The prices may be high but the excellent downtown location is well worth it!	
Jun 12 2008 	OK for the Location	The location is wonderful. Close to shopping and restaurants (just steps from the Mag Mile). The lobby was very nice and inviting with cozy modernist chairs and conversation areas. The rooms were average and the one I stayed in could use some redecorating. It was very small but clean. The air conditioner was great at cooling the room and drowning out possible noise from of the neighbors. The bathroom had modern, updated fixtures and a trendy vanity but the room was one of the smallest bathrooms of any hotel I've ever stayed in. My knees hit the vanity when I used the toilet.Still...if you can get a fair price, the location may make up for some of the cosmetic issues.	
Jun 8 2008 	Unimpressive experience	Don't expect much staying here aside from location. It's great walking distance to Magnificent Mile shopping, but that's about it. I'm hesitant to say the place was unclean, because things were in fact cleaned for me, but it was more the fact that it wasn't well maintained. I got a deal online, so the price was right, but I would look elsewhere and pay extra in order to not stay here again. I would give it 2 out of 5 stars, nothing more.	
Jun 6 2008 	Horrible - Never Stay Here!!!	Dont take a chance. Dont stay here! Rude service people, rude managers, and tiny rooms.	
Jun 5 2008 	Worked for this trip but...	I was in Chicago for business, and stayed at the Inn due to a discount offered by the seminar I was attending. The hotel is actually pretty nice, with modern decor in the common areas and comfortable furnishings. The desk staff was friendly, and they were able to check me in to my room at 10 am. The concierge was also friendly and helpful when asked about getting to my seminar.The room was on the small side, but for a single person it was comfortable. The a/c did a great job of keeping the humidity out (it was warm &amp; rainy while I was in town) and the fan was enough to drown out most of the street noise. However the walls are VERY thin! I could hear entire conversations from next door, and could hear the alarm clocks from across the hall! This area of downtown is also pretty noisy, with lots of sirens at all hours. As others have noted, the bathrooms are tiny. The sink is a mod-looking table/pedastel style, and is too big for the bathroom. To be blunt, anyone with hips wider than maybe 40&quot; will have a problem manuevering without banging into it. There is a shelf under the sink and a small glass shelf on the wall. I keep my toiletries in a hanging kit so the storage wasn't an issue for me, but if you have a different type of kit you may have a problem finding a place to put it. The room was quite clean, although I don't know why some hotels insist on using white coverlets. There were some ink stains on it, but nothing nasty. The hotel has a &quot;reuse your towels &amp; linens&quot; program, but apparently the cleaning staff has not been trained in it because I had new sheets and towels the second day even though I had not put the sign on my bed and I had hung up my towels.The best aspect of this hotel would be the location...a block from Michigan Ave. with good dining &amp; awesome shopping. It is also a short walk from Navy Pier.	
May 30 2008 	Was skeptical at first but it turned out OK	Booking through Hotwire, which I do every week, sometimesyou get a surprise. It can be a good surprise in that you have a 4 or 5 star hotel for a great rate, or a bad surprise in that you get a &quot;not so nice&quot; experience. After booking this hotel I went to TripAdvisor and was a litle worried - there were good reviews and some not so good ones. But after checking in, I was not disappointed, especially for the price. Yes the rooms are small and the bathroom is very tiny, but what do you need? I found the room to be clean, the bed and pillows comfortable and the desk chair didn't break my back like some do.And, as for location, it's close to everything on Michigan Avenue and in Streeterville. Many restaurants and shops well within walking distance and cabs and trains are close and plentiful.There is no restaurant in the hotel. There is a bar in the lobby and a branded coffee/espresso shop off the lobby, but that's not a problem with many other options near by.The staff was knowledgeable and helpful but not overly enthusiastic.For my purposes, this was a good deal and I would stay there again.	
May 30 2008	Excellent for the price	We stayed at Inn of Chicago and can only state very positive comments. The room was clean and comfortable and the help was very nice and accommodating. It is convenient to many sites and it is perfectly safe to walk around the area.	
May 6 2008 	DANGEROUS: THEY DAMAGED MY LAPTOP!!	I stayed there as a European travelling to the US for attending an international meeting (American Academy of Neurology).On the last day of my stay I asked people at the desk to &quot;keep my luggage safe&quot;, as I would take a stroll in town before going to the airport. Of course, I warned the employees that my laptop was inside the backpack.Leaving for O'Hare, I took my luggage without checking (how naive!).At the airport, past the check-in, when I took my laptop to work.. surprise! Evidently, they had dropped the backpack, with the laptop inside, as this was half open on its bottom, screen out of its place!!The management simply stated that &quot;no one recalls any problem occurring&quot;, and the insurance company of course refuses to pay.My stay at the Inn of Chicago ended up costing me 250 dollars repair, two half days of work lost, and I don't know yet how many further problems with this laptop.	
May 1 2008	Absolutely Dreadful Experience	The Inn of Chicago (Magnificent Mile) was the worst hotel experience I have ever had. The rooms and common areas were filthy; the walls were thin and unfortunately left you able to hear rather unpleasant activities going on in other rooms. Although updates had been made, they were poorly done. The pictures online don't even come close to closely depicting the actual ambiance. I would never recommend this hotel.	
Apr 23 2008 	Stay elsewhere	Stayed here 1 night for work. I travel to Chicago often and enjoy trying new places. Of the 10 hotels I've stayed at, this was the WORST. Service was moderate, at best. The rooms were very old, uncomfortable bed, poor water pressure in the shower. I didn't feel clean the entire time I was in the room. Luckily we were out late after dinner so I didn't have to spend much time in the room. This hotel is NOT worth the price. I would definately not be staying here again. The ONLY plus is location, but there are better hotels (for the same price) to chose from. My advise, stay elsewhere.	
Apr 21 2008 	location is the ONLY thing going for this joke	Upon arrival, the receptionist (woman) was one of the worst service industry people that I have ever dealt with. It's not that she was rude; it's that she was probably one of the most unfriendly, miserable people that I have talked to in a long time - robotic, no personality; it was shocking how cold this woman was. The rooms are average, like ones that you would get at a budget hotel for $69, but since they are located so close to downtown, they somehow get away with $200+ rates during the week. There is no free wireless in your room, they only offer it (free access) in the lobby; I guess the highest level rooms have internet; I stayed in a King Deluxe - no internet here (you have to pay a ridiculous rate of $10 per day for it). Of course the 22nd floor was closed for construction, so who knows about that space, but chances are it's just as crappy as the rest of the place. The TV program menu set up is the worst, most unreliable set up I think I have ever seen anywhere. The movie menus never work and you can't turn off the volume or even lower it to a reasonable level (on local channels). The &quot;Service&quot; selection on the menu brings you to a white screen with computer file names listed. The worst part is, is that no one in the place seems to know how to fix the problem with their system - they all say &quot;we've been having problems with Comcast lately&quot;. Who knows how long this &quot;lately&quot; is since in the entire week that I was there, the movie option on the TV never worked - only local channels are available with a constant high voltage hum in the background. The room itself is not too bad, and the cleaning staff does a good job. The cards for the doors constantly die or get wiped, my colleague had to get a new card every night of the week - I've never seen this problem before. The staff attributes this problem to keeping the card near your cell phone or credit card, you know typical things that you have in your pocket or wallet - I guess you are supposed to carry the card around in your sock or something. The self parking situation is equally as atrocious. Now it may be a common practice, but I have never seen this system before - you park you car in the garage, but then you have to surrender YOUR keys to the parking garage attendant. The explanation for this is that in case of fire they would have to move your car. If there was a fire, who in their right mind would attempt to drive over 100 vehicles out of a burning structure. Any attempts at resisting giving the attendant YOUR keys are met with them basically arguing and fighting with you about this ludicrous policy. There is no complimentary coffee - you have to buy the stuff for $2+ / cup, and don't even think about continental breakfast. The bar looked nice, but one can only imagine how inflated their prices would be. The chair in the corner of your room is very uncomfortable - it's impossible to sit on it for any length of time. There are barely any receptacles for plugs in the rooms, so plugging in your phone or laptop is challenge - unless you use the built in receptacle in the desk lamp. Trying to give out the telephone number of the place to someone from your room is not easy either since it is not written down on the phone or anywhere else for that matter. Oh and to use the gym, you have to leave the building walk a block and a half, and then pay $5 per usage. The only thing that gave me comfort about the whole experience was that I wasn't paying for the room - luckily my company did! I normally don't complain about accomodations in destinations I have been to, I've been perfectly fine sleepin in hostels in large bunkrooms with 10 other people, but this experience was certainly one to remember!	
Apr 15 2008 	Average not boutique	This is a solid hotel. It bills itself as boutique hotel--it is not. It is, however, an average hotel with a fabulous location--just one block off of Michigan Avenue. The decor is nothing spectacular. The room itself was a decent size, but with very few frills (highly uncomfortable desk chair, no easy chair). As others have noted, the bathrooms are tiny--but they are serviceable and clean. The towels are a little skimpy.The front desk staff were diffident and not particularly friendly. The concierge was very helpful (let us print boarding passes, told us the exact location of a branch of our bank, etc). The doorman hooked us up with a good deal on a cab to the airport.Really, it's the location that sells this place. You're within easy striking distance of River North and Magnificent Mile destinations. Sites and restaurants down in the Loop are also within easy walking distance.	
Apr 13 2008 	Perfect Location	We stayed at Inn of Chicago on a Saturday night and felt for the $129 price we paid, it was a good value. The room was adequate, but the bathroom was super small. Only room for 1 person in there at a time. The first room we were assigned to had not been cleaned, so upon going back down to front desk, we were reassigned a room. This was the only negative of the experience. Would recommend for its location and price.	
Apr 9 2008 	Really good location	Unlike some of the other reviewers we did not get a fantastic rate we paid $230 per night. having said that the Hotel is in a fantastic position (just around the corner from &quot;The Mile&quot;)and this hotel was really clean with rooms being cleaned and towels replaced daily. We stayed for 4 nights from a Thursday through to the Monday and did not find the hotel unduly noisy. The Coffee shop beside reception was superb and the staff of the hotel were excellent. would I stay there again, yes but would ask for a bigger room at the price we paid.	
Apr 6 2008 	OK hotel near Magnificent Mile	Recently stayed at the Inn of Chicago for a business meeting. The facility is listed as a 'boutique hotel'. Check in was with a frazzled person at the front desk who was rather inefficient but friendly enough. The concierge staff and the bar staff was friendly. The hotel has no food facility of its own. It has a bar and an adjacent coffee shop. The neighborhood is rich with restaurants so the lack of that facility in house affects only room service. The room was smallish and cheap motel level. The floor of the bathroom was stained, there was minimal room for 'stuff' in the bathroom. The room did have a heater/airconditioner which worked adequately. There was a hair dryer and in room coffee maker, and clothes iron. There was wireless internet in the room though with very weak signal. Outside noise began at about 4:30AM and made early AM wake up easy. The towels were adequate but of skimpy quality. All in all this facility was adequate but I doubt it would rate among the nicer rooms in Chicago. I didn't have the opportunity to compare pricing with its neighbors. It would need a significant price advantage for me to consider booking it again.	
Mar 26 2008 	Party Hearty All Night Long	I paid $100 a night which was a good deal. The location is great- a block from the Magnificent Mile. However, the prior Trip Advisor reviewers were right. This is a noisy place.The room was relatively clean and the staff was very accommodating. I don't mind a small room either. However, I went to Chicago on business and it was like trying to work in a bar on Bourbon Street in New Orleans during Mardi Gras. This a party hotel for &quot;20- somethings.&quot; Party Central. The parties spilled out into the hallways too. Different 20 year olds each night. I can't blame the staff. Some hotels are just party places. This might be a great pick up place for all I know. There is always laughter and partying until the wee hours of the morning. If you have kids it would work too, I guess. No one would notice their crying, even if they screamed at the top of their lungs -- and the young adults don't make out in the hallways at least. Sadly, I am a light sleeper and I needed to rest up before a work conference. I was old and tired enough to be everyone's mom. It was just a mismatch.So, while this place is OK and the location is great, just know that the rooms are tiny and the hotel is PARTY CENTRAL for &quot;20 somethings.&quot; And, after all, the &quot;young-uns&quot; need their kinds of hotels too.So, if you are a &quot;20-something,&quot; this is a place where you might have a good time. Have fun!Love, &quot;Mom&quot;	
Mar 25 2008 	Never again	I sat in the lobby for an hour waiting for my room which was reserved a month prior to my arrival. While sitting there I watched them turn away people who were not 21 even though they already paid for their room via the internet and a few other travelers for just plain stupid reasons. I don't think they want repeat business...they didn't even seem to care. After all my attempts to get my reservation resolved and I got to my room, it was small, and not that clean. My room was reserved through my company so I didn't have a choice...but if I did, I would have left and gotten a room elsewhere before I even seen the room. I was not impressed with the service. That left a bad taste in my mouth. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone else and I will never go there again when I return to the city.	
Mar 14 2008 	Worst Service Hotel should be shut down	The hotel turned us down because we were not 21 years of age, we are 20 years of age. I had confirmed a fews days before we traveled the 10 hours to Chicago and everything was fined UNTIL WE ARRIVED. They denied us our hotel room because we were not 21 when they are clearly are unaware that the legal age in the U.S. is 18. They said it was hotel policy. This &quot;policy&quot; is no where to be found on their website. They even printed us a false page from their website that stated we had to be 21. I then called the hotel a few days later and the man I spoke with on the phone admitted that it is not on their website. They refused to let us speak with any sort of manager while we were checking. They refused to give us a phone book to book another stay with another hotel and stated that all the hotels in the Chicago area had the same policy. This information was also false, we booked our week long stay with a hotel 2 blocks away.DO NOT STAY AT THE INN OF CHICAGO. They don't care about their customers or customer loyalty and they clearly don't care about the revenue coming in the front door from their customers. If you ask me they are getting their revenue from illegal activities.	
Mar 6 2008	A Little Gem	Another great Hotwire find. I booked this hotel for one night for $58! The location is perfect. The rooms are tiny, but extremely comfortable. I was impressed for being a 3-star hotel.The lobby is nicely decorated.My only complaint was that the windows didn't open, and it went from hot to cold in minutes and I was never really comfortable when I was sleeping.	
Mar 2 2008	You get what you pay for	Good weekend rate. Good location downtown. But *not* the boutique hotel it claims to be. Stayed in one of the 'updated' rooms - paint on walls, stylish sink, couple of pictures (exactly what you see in the room photos). However, other than that, it was still the same old Best Western. A bit noisy in the hallways, lobby and front desk always seemed crowded. No real complaints, but if you're looking for a hidden jewel, this isn't the place.	
Feb 23 2008 	Friendly service fun atmosphere great rate	Could not ask for more from our stay. For where the hotel is located, you just cannot beat the rate. The staff was incredibly accommodating and helpful. The rooms aren't huge, but they were clean and nicely put together. Also, the bar downstairs adds to the fun atmosphere. Will definitely stay here again.	
Feb 20 2008 	Great Location	The best thing is the location. The hotel seems a little worn, carpets could all use a good cleaning, but otherwise our room was very clean. We had a plugged sink that was fixed within 30 minutes of me calling on a Saturday evening. Bathroom is very tiny. The few staff people we came in contact with were all very friendly.	
Feb 17 2008 	Good for budget travelers	Our room on the fifth floor was much smaller than we expected and had no closet to speak of. Room had no decorations and a poor view of construction across the street. Bathroom was very small, but had recently been renovated and had modern fixtures. Room was also very noisy.On the other hand, the hotel staff was great. We had a problem with our first room, and they were able to move us to another room very quickly, even on a Saturday night. The bellhops were courteous and had a secure room for us to store our luggage before check-in and after check-out. We had a park-and-stay package. No problems with the valet, although our car sat on the street for quite a while because we arrived at noon (check-out time), and the hotel was very busy.Great location - one block from Michigan Ave (Magnificent Mile).We will try another hotel next time, though.	
Feb 11 2008 	Great location/lousy service	Just returned from a 2-night stay. First, I agree about the great location, tiny bathroom and small rooms. Our room were clean and comfortable.Regarding customer service, it is abysmal. I called the hotel a month before our stay and asked for accomodations for my wife and I and our two adult children. She suggested two adjoining queen bed rooms. I agreed, and they confirmed the reservation.When we checked in, we were assigned two rooms, but they were not adjoining. The desk clerk told me that the reservation clerk had &quot;misinformed&quot; me, that their hotel had no adjoining rooms. She also said the desk &quot;doesn't get&quot; the reservation information from the reservation clerks, so she was unaware of any promises the reservation clerk had made. (I had my copy printed out)When we got to our rooms, we noticed that one of them had a door into the next room (locked from the other side, of course). I went back to the desk and asked to see the manager. He apologized to me that the desk clerk had told me there were no adjoining rooms. I asked him to assign a set to me, but he said none of them were queens. I asked why they didn't have 2 queens reserved for me. He told me that my reservation was just a &quot;request&quot;, that they try to honor them but can't always. I pointed our that I had made my reservations a month ago. He countered with some nonsense about &quot;unpredictable occupancy rates&quot;. These people made no apology for this gaffe, and made no attempt to make it right (even Red Roof will do that!) When I checked out I made a point to do so in person. The clerk on duty told me I &quot;didn't need to&quot;, didn't thank me and didn't ask how my stay was.My impression of the Inn of Chicago's customer service is incompetence, miscommunication and they couldn't care less.	
Feb 10 2008 	Nice hotel with terrible plumbing	My husband and I just returned from a two night stay at the Inn of Chicago. We were thrilled with the location and the rate of $80/night on hotwire.com. This is an old hotel that has been very nicely and fashionably remodeled. When we arrived and asked for a king bed, we were told they didn't have any, but they upgraded us to a &quot;junior suite&quot; to make up for it. We thought was very generous considering that we hadn't requested the king bed ahead of time.We were very happy with the first room we were given (Room 912) until we flushed the toilet, which we quickly learned was broken. We called the front desk and were immediately moved to another suite three floors down (Room 612). This was a minor inconvenience, but promptly and courteously handled. This room had a functioning toilet, but lacked a plug for the bathtub, and worse, the shower made a horrible screeching sound and produced only a trickle of water. The next morning when we complained, they installed a plug for the bathtub, but did not fix the shower. On our last morning, there was no hot water, an issue we were told was affecting the entire hotel.My recommendation: stay here only if you plan not to use the bathroom during your stay.	
Jan 27 2008 	Absolutely Excellent Value!	Just returned from a weekend at the Inn of Chicago, and we were absolutely thrilled with the property and the price. We paid under $100 per night, including tax for the 'Executive Queen' in Room 414. The location is PERFECT for exploring Chicago -- a half block from the Mag Mile. Rooms are NY-style small, but nicely decorated in modernish furniture one might find at West Elm. The bathroom was quite small, but spotless, with plenty of towels. Nice products from Gilchrist &amp; Soames. Only downside was that noise from the hallway carried into the room, and our next door neighbors were part of a group that liked to visit each other (i.e. open and close doors) frequently. The hallways reflect the building's age -- they're narrow and not fancy. Elevators are also on the small size, but come frequently, and are modern/spotless. A group had checked in when we returned from sightseeing -- we avoided the long line for the lifts and took the stairs. Although we did not use the hotel lobby bar, it did attract a nice number of guests. The cleaning staff use scented products liberally -- the lobby smelled of green apples, and our room of Febreeze, but as ours was a nonsmoking, there was no odor of cigarettes they were trying to mask. I guess it was just their &quot;thing.&quot; Didn't mind it, but if you are sensitive to such products, be sure to ask the cleaning staff not use them. I would not recommend this for visitors staying for a long time or for those who need lots of closet space, because the smallness of the room. However, for weekend visitors, I would highly recommend it.	
Jan 25 2008 	Nice Place to Stay	My boyfriend and I stayed here for two nights and booked a great rate ($70 a night) through the hotel's website. It was a winter weekday special, but it did not include parking, which was $36 a night at a nearby lot. The hotel also offered valet parking for a little more. Internet was free in the lobby, but 9.95 for 24-hours of access in the room.I was a little worried after reading other reviews, but we had a nice stay here. The bell staff was extremely helpful with unloading our car. The room was clean. It was a little small once we brought in all our luggage, but it was what I expected for a hotel room in a big city. The bathroom was clean and nice. The hotel's location was nice. We didn't do too much around the hotel, because it seemed like it was mostly chain stores and restaurants. Instead, we walked about four blocks to get on the train and explored other areas of Chicago. I would stay here again, especially at this price. Even with the added costs of parking and in-room internet access, it still seemed like a good deal.	
Jan 23 2008 	Run far away from this place	So I book 2 rooms using Priceline. After I saw the hotel's website I thought this would be the perfect place to stay. I called a week ahead of my scheduled stay to confirm that both rooms would have 2 double beds. I was assured they would. When we got there to check in, there were two people standing at the desk but only one was checking people in. After waiting for about 15 minutes the woman who was just standing there finally decided she would check some people in. When I FINALLY got up there I asked if both my rooms had two beds. She looked at me like I was insane. I told her I had called a week before, gave her the name of the person I spoke with. She said that it wasn't in the system. I asked her if she could find two rooms with double beds and she acted as if I asked for her first-born child. Finally she said she could do it but that the rooms would be on different floors, I said fine. Well imagine my surprise when I went to the rooms and discovered that one had two beds and the other only had one. At that point I was so livid I couldn't even go back downstairs. Well after I finally got out of that place imagine my surprise when my account was negative because even though I had paid priceline two weeks before my actual stay, the hotel decided they would CHARGE ME AGAIN. So I had a bad experience with the hotel in the first place and now they have double charged me for the rooms. LOVELY. I would not recommend this place to my worst enemy. I would rather stay the night in a homeless shelter.	
Jan 22 2008 	Satisfactory Stay	I just came back from a weekend trip in Chicago and stayed at the Inn of Chicago for two nights. Overall, I am satisfied with the stay.The best thing about this place is the location.Other than the fact that it's so closely located to Michigan ave., aka the magnificent mile, it has a seven-11 right across the street for late night needs including water since there was no mini-bars available in any of the three rooms we visited (you will soon see how we ended up with three rooms in three days). It also has Dunkin' for coffee/bagel/late night snack and Pompei's for bread and excellent pizza which can also be delivered to your room for a delivery fee of $3.From those of you traveling from the airport, you can take the cta train for $2 one-way. It's a 50-55 minutes ride. The hotel is a 10-minute walk from the Jackson red station.As someone else mentioned, this is not a five star hotel. You get what you pay. Rooms are clean and small but livable. Bathrooms are small but usable and relatively clean. The bed we used was quite comfortable and the pillows clean. My friend arrived early (12pm) but was able to check-in upon arrival. Early check-in is possible.Finally, we did have some problem with our heater and had to move around twice to finally get a warm room. Read on if you are interested in what happened, but bottom line, problem solved after 6-hours.Our room was in the 50s and when we arrived and was not warming up. We didn't want to waste our time waiting for someone to fix the problem so I called the front desk to let them know of the problem. This was around 1pm. We came back around 5:30pm to an ice cold room. I called the front desk again and they immediately sent their maintenance. We waited for about half an hour at which time I called the front desk again. They told me that they were looking into the option of fixing the heater or giving us a new room. I would have appreciated it if they would have followed up on me. I was quite upset by this time (I had just spent four hours in the single digit cold). The Assistant Front Desk Manager, Ellis, offered to change our room and brought up the key to our room. Unfortunately, our second room was warmer but not warm enough. We eventually moved to a third room by 8:30pm and was able to unpack.Ellis was kind enough to give us a discount for our first night and two free drinks at the hotel lounge. He also came by to the lounge and made sure we were doing okay. I appreciated his service.	
Jan 21 2008 	Good Hotel at a Great Value!!	This was a good hotel. Rooms were clean and service was great. The staff was friendly and helpful. It was also very close to the magnificent mile and bus lines which was great!!	
Jan 14 2008 	Pleasantly surprised	Stayed with 3 friends over Thanksgiving and was a little worried after reading some reviews on TA about the quality of the hotel and about them honouring reservations for rooms with 2 double beds through external websites (which we had). However there was no problem with this upon arrival. Lobby is nice, looks recently redecorated and the lady at the check in desk was friendly enough. The concierge was also helpful with good recommendations for restaurants and clubs. Room was basic, clean and comfortable, with the 2 double beds and the bathroom was of a good size - complimentary toiletries also included. Room was cleaned daily to a good standard. We had probs with our hot water and heating which we complained about and maintenance came straight away to fix. Hallways and lifts are run down but this didnt bother us, lifts are quite small though. Bar wasnt much but drinks were generous and the barman also recommended some places for us to try. Best thing about the hotel was the location, literally round the corner from the Magnificent Mile which was fab for us as we were there to shop! (And sightsee!). Was also near to Navy Pier. Wouldnt hesitate to recommend this hotel based on our experience, was so cheap for a really central hotel. If you want luxury then this isnt the place for you but otherwise its great.	
Jan 7 2008 	Inn of Chicago	Inn of Chicago was alright but it needs some fixing up.I came here on a business trip and I wish I had gone to a different hotel.I will not be going back.	
Dec 30 2007 	Better than expected.	News Flash. This is not a five star hotel nor does it pretend to be. With that out of the way, I will now write my review.  I have stayed at this property for years, since back in the days it was a Best Western. It has always been a no frills hotel, offering great rates for a location one block from Michigan Avenue. It now advertises itsefl as a 'boutique hotel&quot; which I think is a bit of a stretch, but there have been improvemnents since the Best Western Days.  We booked a standard room with a king size bed for $109 a night. The room was recently renovated with a brand new bed, furnishings, and decor. The bed was very comfortable and the room very soundproof. Yes, the bathroom was small but it served the purpose.  As for the help, the front desk, concierge, and housekeeping were all very helpful and friendly. One evening, I aked the concierge about reservations at the Grand Lux. She told me they do not take reservations, but gave me her business card. She said present the card to the hostess at the Grand Lux and I would receive preferred seating. We went over for dinner and upon presenting the card, we were seated within 15 minutes for what appeared to be an hour wait for everyone else.  In conclusion, there are better hotels in the area if you are willing to pay the price. There is no indoor pool here nor restaurant, but you get a nice room and great location in downtown Chicago for around a $100 a night. That is enough for us.	
Dec 28 2007 	need to learn some manners	It's taken me a while to get around to this review, but my anger at the way myself and my girlfriend were treated during our stay has yet to abate - even during the holiday period.We were checked in by a middle-aged receptionist who really needs to learn some manners. From the get-go, she made it feel like it was a chore to even book us in - her excuse was that the computers at the front of the hotel were down.We had booked a deluxe suite, getting a deal on the internet. Upon hearing this, she had the temerity to suggest 'I doubt that, they are $700 a night.'Granted, we are no high-rollers, but we are thirtysomething professionals and felt a tad offended. Once we went up to our suite, we discovered it was anything but deluxe- even the faucets(or taps) were broken in the bathroom- and the promise of a hottub turned out to be false- it was barely even a bath.We were pretty exhausted, having travelled up from st louis that afternoon, so didn't bother complaining- doubt the woman at reception would have paid us any attention anyway.I've stayed in a lot of hotels and I must say this was the worst experience I ever had in over 10 years of travelling.The bell staff were very nice and helpful, but hardly made up for the rudeness of their front of house staff.Chicago is a class city, one of my favourite I've ever been in but don't stay here.My girlfriend even e-mailed the hotel when we arrived back in Ireland but she just got a standard response with apology, which was appreciated but hardly made up for all the problems.	
Dec 18 2007 	No need to read any more reviews	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Inn of Chicago for 1 night based on getting a deal on online. That said, I'm glad I didn't pay more than I did for the room. The location is GREAT. Whether you're a tourist, or a native like us who just needs a room for the night it's a great spot, right in the middle of everything. The lobby is small but everything was decorated very nicely, and check in was quick and painless. The front desk attendant was courteous and the bellman wasn't too pushy. The elevators are rather slow, but keep in mind, this is an old building. Our queen room was clean, with minimal, but tastful decorations. The bed was very comfortable, just enough pillows and blankets, the tv worked, the heat worked, the carpet was clean, as was the bathroom. My only issue is with the sink in the bathroom. The design is such that it juts out taking up 1/2 the doorway. You may bump your hip on it. Also, there isn't a lot of counter space, so if you have a lot of toiletries, you will have no place to put them. In my opinion that is a really small gripe. This hotel is definitely a no frills kind of place, but it's clean, affordable, cute, and I had a great nights sleep at a place that is right in the heart of the city. I didn't hear any noise from the outside, and I was on floor 3. It's a great place to sleep for a night or two, but not a great hotel if you're looking for onsite amenities, and/or a posh room.	
Dec 11 2007 	Great Location	Stayed the weekend at the Inn. I read alot about the unfriendly staff and the long waits for a room. I sent my wife in while I waited at the unloading zone, she was out in about three minutes with no trouble at all. The room was small but very clean. The beds were maybe the most comfortable hotel beds I have ever been on. Very close to everything, 1/2 block to Michigan Ave. The bathrooms were small, had a hard time getting hot water and very little pressure, but was fine. Parking 1/2 block away, no in and out and $36 a day. Overall very good for the money, will definately book again for my next Chicago trip.	
Nov 27 2007 	Great Location	My family and I stayed here over Black Friday. The location couldn't be beat, half way between Water Tower Place to the north and Millenium Park to the south. The free trolley to Navy Pier was 1 block away. We found the staff to be courteous and very helpful. The room was of ordinary size and the beds were very comfortable. The bathroom was very small. Since we were there to shop and sleep, we were very pleased. A small refrigerator would have been nice, tho!	
Nov 22 2007 	Clean hotel incompetent staff	Rooms were clean, hotel lobby and small bar had a pleasant ambiance. Bathrooms were very small. Very central location. Only problem was room assignment. Through the booking website - single vs double was not guaranteed. However, I called the hotel once I got my confirmation, and was assured of what I had wanted. Upon arrival, my room type was not available, and I was told to try for my second night. Called front desk at 9am and was again assured my request would be filled in the afternoon. Came down at 11am to again confirm, and said that I wouldn't be back till after 7pm - again assured that my request would be filled without any problems. When I came back, there was no note on my file of my request and AGAIN had to wait till the next day.All in all I spoke to 3 different people on 4 different occasions with each time telling me that it wouldn't be a problem, with no results.Either 1 - they were lying to me when they said my request could be fullfilled or 2 - they have staff that is woefully incompent.	
Nov 21 2007 	Perfect location	After reading other reviews I was a little leary of staying here but I found it to be a very pleasant surprise. It was a great place to stay for a long weekend with my 10 year old. On check in they said they were over booked, they only had a room with a queen bed so I ended up sharing it with my son. The check-in was quick and smooth, staff pleasant. Yes the rooms are abit small but it was fine, clean, maids changed towels everyday. We were in the room next to the fitness center. Others who stayed in this room complained about the noise but I never heard anyone use the equipment. Bathroom was small but the shower was fine. Only complaint was cable movies were out and it was taking them a few days to get someone out.This place is a perfect location, a block off Michigan ave, walking distance to most everything, the free trolly to Navy pier is a block over. If you are looking for a place to stay for a long weekend of shopping it can't be beat.	
Oct 30 2007 	Excellent Location -- North Michigan Ave	This hotel is in a great location; 60 seconds to N. Michigan Ave, 120 seconds to Nordstroms. Great cafes and restaurants within one or two blocks. Lake Michigan and Navy Pier about five blocks east. The hotel itself. Ok, so it was built in the 1920's. The bedrooms are small and so are the bathrooms. For anyone who has stayed in a hotel in Europe, this will be very familiar. Just how big of a bathroom does anyone need? More room would have been nice but not necessary. Some rooms are bigger than others. I think we were a little fortunate to get a corner king room that had windows on two sides and great views, and was a little bigger and more comfortable. So if more room is what you need, ask for room 2025, or other corner rooms.Condition of the room. Average, to above average but not outstanding. Certainly clean but a little worn. Nothing that a little money wont cure.Front desk. Below standard. Friendly but not knowledgeable about their own hotel's policies and practices. Three different people gave me three different stores on the parking fees. One said that the self park was part of the room rate which I found out was wrong. The bellhops and valets were very helpful and knowledgeable. The front desk staff definately needs training.I'd guess your opinion of the hotel would also vary depending on the prices paid for the room. In just looking at November 2007, the prices for a deluxe gueen room, will vary from $71 a night to $539. At $71 it is an absolute and amazing bargain. At $200 a night you are still doing very well. At $539 its well over priced for what you get. They are pricing for the market they are in. If you are flexible on your dates, you can get a marvelous bargain. If you get stuck with a $539 price, you will feel cheated for the value received. My definition of a boutique hotel is one that is special and almost perfect. This one is very good but no gold ring. However its certainly satisfactory. The room air conditioning was not all that noisy, certainly not more noise than the average hotel room. But it can use some minor freshening up, and front desk staff training. The concierge could be more friendly. The point is go enjoy Chicago. You will be in a wonderful and fun filled area. Use every minute.	
Oct 24 2007 	Location Saves It	Booked for a trade show. Accessible room requested because of hip surgery - fortunately not total necessity because... room was TINY as was bathroom, but had raised toilet &amp; grab bars (important) and roll=in shower (not necessary). One person in a wheelchair would fill the room. Anyway, I'm mobile, so my husband &amp; I had this queen-bedded tiny room. He woke me about 12:30 a.m. the first night and said there was water in the bathroom. Turned on light and the ceiling was bulging and water dripping onto toilet. Called front desk; response was fairly speedy, except noone seemed to know what they were doing. Manager radiod to front desk to get us another room. Luckily there was one down the hall and the bellman moved our hanging clothes on the hangers and I just stuffed everything in suitcase and manager &amp; bellman took them down the hall - to a considerably bigger room with a toilet that seemed made for midgets. Well, I managed somehow - the effort was worth it for a bigger room. We were there 7 nights. Temperature was hard to adjust with somewhat noisy air-handler.Dunkin Donuts across the street is handy. 1 block from Michigan Ave. and good food all around. Also convenient to buses.We recommend Boston Blackie's at St Clair &amp; Grand; also Pompeii (family italian) in 200 block of E. Ohio for good reasonably priced meals. On the upscale, we really enjoyed Grand Lux Cafe at Michigan &amp; Ontario - it's a Cheesecake Factory spin-off. And Lawry's Prime Rib, one block further west on Ontario - fantastic.We paid $149 + taxes - no bargain. But I love the location. The Red Roof Inn is very nearby. Maybe that would be better!And when did it become Inn of Chicago Magnificent Mile? It was Best Western Inn of Chicago a week ago! :-)	
Oct 23 2007 	Get a Deal	I got a deal on a large room at the Inn of Chicago and thank god for that. If I had paid full fare for this room, I would have been very disappointed. The good: the location and the lobby decor. The bad: the front desk clerk, the tiny dark hallways, tiny slow elevators, the wires and cords running everywhere in the rooms, the tiniest bathrooms, and the almost working TV remote...I've stayed in quite a few hotels in the Magnficent Mile/Streeterville area of Chicago and this is one that I don't plan on returning. There are too many wonderful hotels in Chicago to waste my time at this one.	
Oct 20 2007	Total Dump with Good Location	Save yourself some misery and do not stay here. The rooms are small and run down with a noisy wall unit that barely provides air/heat. The wall unit is not the only thing that is noisy in this hotel. The walls are paper thin, so people in the hall sound as if they are in the room with you. The bathroom is the size of a postage stamp. Once you enter the bathroom, you cannot move at all and can barely turn around. Overall, the room seemed unclean and was uninviting. Don't be fooled from the website as I was. Although it looks nice from the website, the only thing remotely nice about this place is the lobby. Also, don't ask the frontdesk staff for anything. They don't seem to care and were very rude. They only competent staff they seemed to have were the concierge and cleaning ladies.This place gives Chicago a bad name. Do yourself a favor and save money somewhere else.Positives:Close to the Magnificent Mile.	
Oct 6 2007 	very small rooms	the inn of Chicago had a very comfortable bed and the lobby was very nice. the bathroom was so small you could not walk once in the bathroom you could only turn around. the parking fee was not listed on the website so i called and was told one fee and upon arrival i was told a ten dollar higher fee. there was some confusion about the valet tickets each time you called for your car the attendants did not seem to really know what was going on. the elevator could hold only three people and only two with luggage. when checking out i noticed that i was charged for two days of valet parking but the mistake was corrected without any problem. i would not stay at the inn of Chicago and i would not recommend it to anyone.	
Sep 27 2007 	A Bad Day	I stayed at the Inn of Chicago for one night with my brother and his wife who were visiting us.The location was convenient, the price not terrible for the time of year although have done better in the past.Upon arriving to check in at 3pm we were told our rooms weren't available yet so we went off and did some looking around/shopping for a few hours and came back to be told that the computer system and phones were down along with one of the elevators and that they couldn't assign rooms.After sitting around for a bit it became apparent that there would be no speedy resolution, so we went off for a walk and to have dinner.When we got back at 9pm we were finally able to get our rooms (not enormous, but big enough for a short stay), I'm not sure what my brother's was like, but the bathroom in mine was so small that the washbasin (and the wooden table it was sitting on) blocked legroom on one side of the toilet - forcing angled sitting. The metal holders for the glass shelf holding soaps/shampoos/cups were very loose in the damaged wall and the shelf angled downwards somewhat precariously.The toilet itself contained unflushed toilet paper (nothing solid fortunately.) The lower bedsheet was stained (blood) on one side which was the most disturbing thing.The airconditioner was uneccesarily loud during the night.Yes, much of this probably resulted from the breakdown of the computer system and communications between the front desk and the cleaning staff, nevertheless I will not be bothering to return to see what the place is like on a good day.	
Sep 22 2007	Small Rooms Good Location	We stayed at this hotel for one night during the week of September 15th. The rooms were much smaller than what they were portrayed on-line, but it was nice to be so close to the Magnificent mile. Unless you're going to be using Valet parking - that's extremely inconvenient - and costly. The service was okay -we're pretty simple people so we don't require much, the front desk lady when we checked in was very courteous. One negative in the service, was that our room did not have wash cloths in them, we called the front desk and they said they would send them right up - 4 hours later, we went to the front desk and got them ourselves.	
Sep 12 2007 	A great location	The best about this hotel is the location.It's conveniently located half block from Michigan Ave, and right in the middle of everything.The hotel self is not on the top of the line, even though it have had major renovations, some areas still can use some additional work.But for the price we paid and compare it with other hotels in the same area, it's a bargain.	
Sep 6 2007 	Great Location Small Rooms	We just spent Labor Day weekend in Chicago, where we stayed at the Inn of Chicago. The lobby has been recently redone in a modern neutral chic atmosphere that is in the running with current hotels. However it did not quite compensate for the small room and ever tinier bathroom where we stayed. We weren't expecting to stay in a suite, but this was definitely too close for comfort. My husband didn't mind the small room once we quickly discovered free porn on the tv. Now I don't know if this &quot;amenity&quot; is offered to all guests at the hotel, but we were certainly surprised. A word of caution: If you are traveling with children, I would be worried about letting them flip channels on the remote because you don't know what will appear on screen. Otherwise, the hotel is 1/2 block from Michigan Avenue and centrally located to most city sites. While in Chicago, we took an architecutral tour that started from Navy Pier. We also took in a baseball game at Wrigley Field and ate Chicago hotdogs at Wrigleyville down the street from the stadium.	
Sep 2 2007 	inn of chicago	For the price and the location, this is an excellent choice. The available parking was below average price, the hotel price was very reasonable and our experience was very pleasant. We were a bit nervous about some poor reviews but upon checking in, but once we saw our rooms we were happy to see that the rooms weren't really that small and yeah the bathroom was small but it served us fine!!! We love Chicago and this is our first choice from now on!!!!!	
Aug 23 2007 	Nice holiday at the Inn	We spent two nights at the Inn and were very happy with our choice. The Inn is very well located, right downtown! The room and bathroom were small, but very clean and useful. The bathroom was partially renovated but everything worked fine. The staff was helpful and very courteous. The lobby is funky and gives out a good vibe. Of course being downtown Chicago makes it noisy (sirens and construction around the hotel) so don't expect to sleep till noon. But, who would want to in such a great city? Don't hesitate to book a room, because for the price, you won't be disappointed!	
Aug 18 2007 	Dissatisfied	When I travel I only need three things: a comfortable bed and and pillows, relative quiet, and decent service. The only thing I got was a comfortable bed. The walls here are paper thin. Fortunately, I wasnt roomed next to people with young kids or a loud group, but I was next to the ice machine and I could hear it perfectly and I could hear the elevator ding down the hall. I wasn't woken up by any noise, but I sleep heavily and I think it is just fortune that I wasn't sharing a wall with rowdier neighbors. The service was sub-par. They only have one woman working concierge the whole day and when she takes a lunch break (if she gets one at all) they don't have anyone to cover for her. People were lined up to talk to her and she often gave me incomplete information (didn't tell me that the purple line train stopped running during certain parts of the day so I was stranded) and other such incidents. It's not her fault, it's just that there is constantly a crowd of people around her asking questions. Also, I had my watch stolen from my room. While this could happen at any hotel, I was insulted when security suggested to me that I must have &quot;misplaced it.&quot; I was traveling by myself so there was no one else in he room with me and I was backpacking so I didn't have very much stuff. I spent two hours on my last morning there, when I could be sightseeing, turning my room upside down and searching through everything before I made the report and the guy had the nerve to suggest that it was my fault! NO! You have a thief working for you. Finally, I had a room with a walk in shower, no tub, and the water pressure was pathetic. I don't need to waste tons of water and have it come at me like a fire hose, but this was difficult to wash my hair in. Also, the shower dripped after I turned it off, so I called maintenance to let them know. A guy came and looked at it and after he left, it was still dripping. I was going to call and let them know, but at this point I realized that the people at this hotel don't have their crap together, so I let it go - instead I got earplugs. Overall, the bed was comfortable and I was able to sleep. But I would look elsewhere if I were to return to Chicago.Also, I think there are sister hotels to this one in Chicago that are under the same management. I would avoid those as well.	
Aug 13 2007 	O.K. stay	We checked in late and they had overbooked so they sent us to the Allerton for 2 nights. We came back to the hotel for our last night in Chicago and the room was adequate. It was quiet, spacious and the bed was comfortable. My complaint with the room is that tiles were falling off the wall in the shower and the bathroom was a bit dark. We found most of the front desk staff to be friendly and accomodating. Parking in a nearby gargage with validation from the hotel was a great deal. The location is very good. I might give them a try again in the future.	
Jul 30 2007	great location	great little hotel on excellent location, not the most luxurious of hotels but superb location. the room was very small but clean and comfortable, the bathroom was the tiniest one i have ever seen-you can literally sit on the toilet and touch both walls!!! if the bathroom were a little bigger i would definately rate this hotel as above average. the staff were all pleasant, the prices in the hotel bar were very expensive - two beers $12.00!i would stay here again but only if it were two people per room as any more would not fit.	
Jul 30 2007 	Pleasantly surprised	We just returned from our Chicago trip and felt we had to write our own review of the Inn of Chicago. We booked our stay and were prepared for the worst after reading all of the negative reviews. We are so glad we took the chance because our experience was purely positive! We arrived early Friday morning and approached the front desk with the intent of asking them to hold our luggage while we had lunch and did some shopping before check-in. It was before 11:00 a.m. and we were informed that our rooms were ready and we could check in. We were pleasantly surprised and proceeded to our rooms. Again, we were not expecting much due to the reviews, but our room was very adequate. We were in a double room (we had 3 in our party) and still had plenty of room with the table, 2 chairs, dresser and wardrobe. The bathroom was small, but this is an older hotel. It was very clean, had good water pressure, and our room was quiet at the end of the hall. Our friends were a few doors down and their room was a little smaller than ours making it a little more cramped for 4 people. If traveling with more than 2 people, I would definitely request one of their larger rooms. The floor layout map showed that the rooms are of slightly varying sizes.The location was wonderful; so close to everything. The concierge was most helpful and pleasant. We would absolutely stay here again. (Note: if you are looking for a fantastic meal, try the Grand Lux Cafe around the corner. The portions are generous so split the meal (they encourage this!) and save room for one of their wonderful desserts!)	
Jul 16 2007 	Horrible Customer Service	We tried to check in on Friday July 13th. Stood in a long line to check in. We were greeted with a &quot;Name and ID please&quot; . After a lengthy process of checking in we were told that our room was not ready and would not be for several hours. Even though it was after 3:30. We had dinner plans and were seeing a show so we told them that we would not be back until late and they assured us that we would still have the room that we requested - a room with two double beds (there were 4 of us). As I looked around the lobby I saw dozens of people with their luggage waiting to get into their rooms. When we returned that evening we were rudely given our keys. When I got up to our room I discovered they gave us a king room. When I called the front desk to ask for the room they were supposed to give us I was told that due to our late check-in our room was given away. I told him that I checked in earlier in the afternoon and was promised a room with 2 double beds. He said there were no other rooms available. I said well what do you suggest we do and he said nothing he could do. Then I reqeusted a cot be sent up and he said, &quot;oh I guess we could send up a cot&quot;. The bathroom was very tiny. No place to put anything. At 4:00 am we were awaked by a phone call from security telling me that my food was down in the lobby. I told him I didn't order food and he said he called the wrong room. When we went to check out and complained to the front desk about our accomodations they were not even apologetic. She told us that it was a busy weekend in Chicago and we should have gotten to our room earlier. Oh brother. Yes the price was lower than most other hotels in the area - you get what you pay for. While we were waiting to check out in the lobby we heard most people grumbling about their experience at the hotel. The staff could not have been ruder. I plan on contacting Best Western about my experience.	
Jul 12 2007 	Pleasant Experience at Inn of Chicago	I was pleased with my experience at Inn of Chicago. The hotel staff was friendly and the concierge was very helpful. The rooms were not very big (no big surprise in these older hotels), however, they were clean and just big enough for a short stay. I would not recommend more than two people to a room. The only other problem was that the bathroom had no vent so it could get a little stuffy in the room after showering. The location was fabulous. Overall on a scale of 1 to 10 I would give this hotel a 7.	
Jul 10 2007 	Long time patron - disappointed	Inn of Chicago has been my first choice for a place to stay since the mid 80's, and I have always loved it. It's been about six years since my last visit to Chicago, and I was so suprised and disappointed with the deterioration of service at the hotel during my recent visit. I waited for close to an hour to get checked-in. The toilet in our room didn't work properly and quit flushing. In the bathroom, there's no counter space to put your stuff. My keys didn't work in the door on the second day, so I had to stand in another long line (almost an hour, again), while my sister and her two kids ate dinner in the hall outside our room. While standing in line to get new keys at approx. 7:30 pm, I watched three families check in and be told that there was not a clean room to give them; they would have to wait in the lobby or go have dinner and come back. The desk workers were also calling other people over the intercom to tell them that their room was now ready. I'm not sure what happened to the management of this hotel and why Best Western has allowed it to deteriorate this badly. This patron will be looking at other option in the future.	
Jul 6 2007 	Where did they spend millions in renovations?	This hotel was advertised on their own hotel web-site as having just &quot;completed a multi-million dollar renovation of our lobby, bar, meeting space and guest rooms at this landmark Chicago hotel.&quot; I'm still trying to figure out where they spent their money. While the lobby and bar looked &quot;newer&quot; it certainly wasn't worth touting. And I have no idea where they spent the money in the rooms as they did not look &quot;newly renovated&quot;. Paint on the windows was slapped on, the carpet was soiled and tattered along the edges, the furniture was cheap looking, AND the halls and rooms reeked of disinfectants. I had to change rooms (something I never do) several times to find one I could at least spend the night in. This was more like a motel in a tall building rather than an actual hotel, with few amenities or comforts. I would have expected this for $89 a night, but for $299- 499, which I was charged...I was NOT pleased. There is a small bar and a fireplace in the lobby, otherwise you need to walk to eat, pick up snacks or personal items. The bathing products they offered were an odd mix of &quot;Best Western&quot; soaps and several different brands of shampoo, conditioner and lotions. Two good things that I can say is that management was kind and helpful AND it is a good location for getting around the downtown area. But considering my experience...I'd rather stay someplace else to get around, especially at those prices. I would have left if I didn't pre-pay and there was any availability. This place is really trying to be a fancy, chic boutique of some sort...and they didn't even come close.	
Jul 6 2007 	This is a solid 2/2.5 star hotel.	I’ve read most of the reviews about the Inn of Chicago/Best Western and I think a lot of them have lost perspective. The bottom line is that this hotel is a great choice if you don’t want to spend a lot of money. In fact between valet parking and the room itself, I paid about $100 for this place which is remarkable given its location. If I would’ve spent $50-$60 more, I would’ve chosen another hotel. There certainly are cons about this hotel:•Tiny bathrooms, rooms, elevators: The bathroom might be the smallest I’ve ever seen. The room itself was small as well, but I’ve seen smaller rooms in Chicago (e.g., Days Inn Lincoln Park) and world-wide. The elevator was small and could barely fit 3 people, especially if one had suitcases, but you make do. •Cheapness factor: This isn’t the Swissotel or the Hyatt. The hangers are the kind that you can’t move from the bar. They have plastic cups instead of glass. The towels aren’t wildly absorbent. The remote control for the TV was beat up and obviously hadn’t been replaced when the place was renovated recently.•Noise: We had a room facing the Ohio Street side. They had a construction site across the street. The noise from that wasn’t too bad for the night we stayed, but the traffic noise easily seeped into the room (sirens, horns, etc.). This is different than my experience in other more modern hotels in downtown Chicago which seal out noise better (e.g, Intercontinental, Swissotel, etc.). Also the hall noise was a bit of a problem at times, I can tell that the doors don’t do a great job of sealing out noise (even though a lot of people are just plan rude and talk too loud). Pros:•Cleanliness: Since I stayed only one night and quite literally spent about 8 of the 10 hours in the room sleeping, my biggest priority in a room is cleanliness. For a 2/2.5 star hotel (the 3.5 star rating on Hotwire is a bit off), this place was very clean. I think it was newly remodeled and the rooms had blankets with duvets and also clean bathrooms. Again for the price I paid, this place had the cleanliness of a 3.5/4 star hotel. This included the uniquely decorated lobby.•Customer Service: They seemed understaffed at times, but rush periods happen. What’s important is that they keep their cool and remain friendly. All staff at this hotel were friendly. •Location: 4 blocks from CTA red line and a block from the Magnificent Mile, this hotel is centrally located. And again for the price I paid (under $100 for the hotel stay), this is quite remarkable.  Bottom line: This is an old hotel that’s been recently remodeled. The hotel is a great 2.5 star hotel, so remember this level of service when you are paying and you’ll be very happy with the results.	
Jul 4 2007 	Best Western not at all	We stayed in the Best Western Inns &amp; Suites in Downtown Chicgo for 3 nights in May. It's location is very central, just off the Magnificant Mile but the hotel was a big disappointment. From the front all looked okay, the reception area was fine too but as we got out of the lift on the 3rd floor we thought we had the wrong hotel. There were pieces of food stuck in the carpet in the corridor which remained there for the duration of our stay. Our room was tiny with 2 queen beds which took up all the floor space, we had asked for 1 queen bed. There was no wardrobe just a very frail rail with hangers, the coffee maker had baked-on coffee which had been there for some time, there was one electrical extension lead with 4 plugs hanging from it and wires trailing all over the place. The window was so small they shouldn't have bothered but it did allow the noise from the construction site across the street to fill the room at 7am each day. We had no ''do not disturb'' sign even though we asked each day for it so we were woken each morning at 8.30 by housekeeping. We had done a lot of travelling before we got to Chicago and were hoping to relax before we went home. The rate we were charged was $635 for 3 nights and was very bad value, we had stayed in motels far superior and much less expensive than this. The only 2 things going for this hotel is its locationand the close public transport which is excellent in Chicago. We asked to be moved soon after we checked in and were told they'd do their best but we heard no more. The receptionist said they were renovating the premises but there was no evidence of this, the hotel is dirty and carelessly run.	
Jun 29 2007 	Simply Horrible	I was greeted the front desk with friendly a hello and was treated with a dry scripted, &quot;I will need your credit card, drivers license.&quot; Strike one!!! The receptionist continued this unpleasant experience by telling me that the hotel was being bought by private investors. After feeling thoroughly insulted, I made to my small room where the electrical plugs were put into extension cords like on the Christmas Story. The lamp on the desk has a short and the maintenance guy failed to replace it. Final straw came when I wanted to go out. I was instructed that valet is not 24hours as I was lead to believe, but was till 9p. I had to retrieve my vehicle from the par king lot down the street. But, by doing so, I have to pay everytime I get the car since the hotel has no IN/OUT service.($30) Advice!!! take cabs and expect to be unimpressed or research for another hotel. I found a 4star for a few dollars more per night.	
Jun 23 2007 	Great hotel and location	We stayed there for 10 days for a business trip.The hotel was 90% redone and beautiful.The front desk receptionist who received us the first day was not nice at all.They gave us a nice and big room, the room was clean, the bathroom was small but okay.Great services: they accepted packages for us, concierge is A+Great experience, we will go again.	
May 29 2007 	Great Location and Value Small Rooms	All renovations are complete and the lobby is quite nice. However, the first clerk to help us check in was very rude. Luckily her coworker took over and got us into our room very quickly. Elevators are tiny and slow. Room, also small. We had a room with double beds-the beds almost took up the entire room. Bathroom is also tiny-the newly renovated sinks took up too much space. However, the location and price were unbeatable. The beds were also very comfy. If you don't plan to be in the room very much-this is worth it. Navy Pier is only about 6 blocks down the street and there are plenty of places to grab all meals in walking distance. Michigan Ave. is a half block away. Millienium Park is just down Michigan Ave. I would stay again just b/c of the location.	
May 22 2007 	Okay for the price	The comfortable bed and hot shower were the highlights of our room, which was extremely small. The front desk staff are like robots. When checking in, there was a line so I was able to observe the bored, canned responses that they continued to give with no sincerity. Whatever, you're not coming to Chicago to spend time at the front desk. The hotel was clean and quiet, and the bartenders in the lounge were very nice. There is a convenient store across the street and you can get your morning coffee at the 24 hour Dunkin Doughnuts, also across the street. Overall, not bad but nothing great.	
May 18 2007 	would stay again	There must have been a drastic change in this hotel since some of the reviewers stayed here. We were very skeptical to keep our reservations but were glad we did. The room was completely remodeled and adequate for our stay. the staff was very accomodating and friendly. There was everything you could want within walking distance to this hotel, Coffee next door, icecream across the street, a little superette kitty-corner, michigan avenue a half block away and of course loads of restaurants nearby. All the recommondations from the concierge turned out well and the bell hop promptly called us a cab for our trip back to the airport. Try it you'll like it.....	
May 2 2007 	Emergency cancellation? Beware!!	From Janine in Iowa: I was very pleased with the room, the location, and especially the service at the Inn of Chicago in February. The staff members – the bell hop and others – went out of their way to be helpful.I was extremely disappointed, however, that my friend, whose flight was cancelled because of winter storms, did not receive a refund.My daughter &amp; I had planned to meet our friends at Inn of Chicago, and stay Feb. 15-19. Unfortunately, they were unable to fly into Chicago, because of blizzards in New York. They were told that we could not stay in the room that they had reserved, and, even though they were unable to get to Chicago, that they would not receive a refund for those four nights. I'm not sure which is more guilty, Orbitz or the Inn.So beware, travelers!	
Apr 28 2007 	Questionable	The only real reason to book this hotel is cost and location. It has little going for it in terms of service, quality, or the attractiveness of the rooms. It is very poorly managed and maintained. There is no restaurant onsite, but many inexpensive and more expensive options within a short walk.Upon arriving at this hotel at 2 p.m., we were advised that check-in is at 3 p.m. We returned at that time and were advised there was no room available. This same problem affected a number of other people in our group, some of whom were not offered rooms until 6 p.m. or later. Absurd excuses were offered for this, such as that they should have arrived at 3 p.m. The first room we were offered was totally smokey, although this is billed as a smoke free hotel. We returned to the front desk. The second room we were offered was laid out as follows: There was a queen bed with a television stand at the base against the wall with doors on the front. Inside these doors were the only drawers in the room (this was the bureau). However, the television stand was so close to the bed that the doors could not be opened. Thus, no functioning bureau. One can only imagine who laid this out. When opening the door to the small bathroom, there was a new sink that had been put in with a wooden frame. The frame of the sink extended across the doorway approximately 1/4 the distance and against the toiled on the other side. How this passes fire codes one can only guess. There was no closet in the room, just hangers in the room, similar to a Motel 6. Bottom line, absurd layout and various unacceptable arrangements. We had booked for about 160 per night, plus tax, for four nights. We jumped on [--] and selected an anonymous four star hotel in the neighborhood at $112 per night. Once we had bid, we were advised this was the W on the lakefront, three blocks away. We returned to the front desk of the Best Western, advised that the second room was not acceptable either, were told we could leave at no charge, and departed for the W.Incidentally, the W is more like a five star hotel and the regular rates were in the neighborhood of $400 per night. Meanwhile, the Best Western billed us one night despite their promise and a personal visit to the hotel for a refund netted a nice conversation and no action. Still, we saved money.Bottom line, check Hotwire for options in the Streeterville area, which is where this is or Miracle Mile area. Avoid this Best Western if you possibly can, but if it is the cheapest you can find in the area, go with eyes wide open. It is 2.5 stars at best. Perhaps 2.	
Apr 17 2007	Convenient clean affordable - but don't expect much	I had the read the reviews about the construction going on at the hotel prior to booking a room for 3 nights. And yes there was major construction going on at the time we stayed. In fact when we walked in on a Sunday night, there wasn't a lick of furniture in the lobby and people were sitting on the window ledges with their laptops (accessing Wi-Fi). The next morning, a shipment of furniture arrived in the lobby and was set up and functional by that evening. Since we were just planning on using the room as a &quot;base camp&quot; as we explored Chicago for a couple of days with our 4 &amp; 8 year old, it worked out fine. Cons: Our room was small and dark (just enough room for 2 double beds), the pillows and bed were not the highest quality. Also it was missing the typical paperwork you find in a hotel (booklets, tv guide &amp; do not distub sign). No night lights - even in the light switches. And we were on the 3rd floor and only had a view of the fire escape. Pros: Clean; affordable for the convenient location (very handy to downtown); across the street from a quik-mart to grab breakfast/snacks; very helpful staff. Our experience with the staff was above what was expected from previous reviewers - we found them to be very helpful and courteous on all the occassions we had to contact them (noisy neighbors, needing a do-not distub sign, needing fresh towels since we missed room service with the do-not disturb sign). Also we had left some items in the room, which they found and we had them shipped to us the next day.	
Apr 16 2007 	After all the bad reviews it wasn't THAT bad	I was surprised after all the horrible reviews to see that the hotel wasn't a complete hole. My brother booked the hotel, and I checked here to see how it rated. I was expecting to come into a rediculously bad room, but it was just more of a joke than anything. The bathroom is about the size of the closet, the bed was too close to the dresser, and you couldn't open it, and the stairs were closed. Other than that, it wasn't too bad! The rooms were fairly clean (dusty, but tidy at least) and the bed was comfortable. Considering we were doing a lot of sight-seeing and were hardly at the hotel, it was perfect.	
Apr 9 2007 	Rather sleep in my car	I paid 200 a night (more then what i paid at the wyndham, i woulda been there agian but they were booked) and the room i have is utterly horrible.First off, i walk in and its small as heck. It smells weird, and theres NO OPEN ELECTRICAL OUTLETS.I open the door the the smallest bathroom iv ever seen. The sink has no vanity so theres nowhere to put my bathroom stuff, the shower rack is rusted, and i have no towels.Im not even hanging my clothes up here because their &quot;renovation&quot; consists of poorly painting over rusted closets and ect. the AC is ALWAYS on and i cant shut it off because they took out the controls and the room has NO controls for the rooms temp at all. No room-service, no bar/lounge/restaurant and their valet parking is a joke. You need to pay them 30 a DAY in cash, you cant move your car and if your keeping your car at your hotel your entire stay like i am (im on a staff aug that is lasting for 8weeks so i just walk to work) you have to pay the entire fee for your car in advance.Dont get me started on the bed.... im not sure these sheets have actually been washed..... I would rather sleep in my car then stay in this [--] ever again. What sucks is this is DAY ONE!!! out of 5. Jesus... 4 more days...	
Apr 1 2007 	Hated this hotel!	This hotel was horrible. I will admit, the location was fantastic...one block off of Michigan Avenue. The hotel was a dump. The bellman were rude and inconsiderate, the front desk staff was obviously not happy with their job and it showed, the hotel was under construction which was not posted on the Best Western website...the entire experience was a bad one. We lost power and had to sit in the dark while trying to get ready for a conference for about a forty-five minutes and the staff was unhelpful and rude. We received one apology after we called three times to report our problem. One staff member lied to us...so if you are looking for customer service...GO SOMEPLACE ELSE! We tried to report the problem to Best Western International...still nothing....I have contacted the manager and still no reply...and it has been two weeks now. This hotel lacks professionalism, customer service and a welcoming environment! I want to make sure that other fellow business and leisure travelers do not get stuck in this hotel!!	
Mar 29 2007 	Worst Experience Ever!!!	First, they lost our reservation for 3 rooms, 3 nights each with 2 beds and had 1 room for 3 nights with a queen bed. Second, they were very rude and the room was INCREDIBLY small. We were only alloted one wash cloth for 2 guests in one room. Another room was only given 3 towels for 4 guests. In short, I was extremely displeased with the service and facilities.	
Mar 19 2007 	Great location!	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in total. The hotel is in a great location, with the magnificent mile less than 5 minutes away!There is builiding work being done on the hotel, but it didn't bother us, the bar and breakfast area were closed because of this but 'West Egg' a few blocks away was fantastic for breakfast. We ate there every morning of our stay. 24 hour store across the road from the hotel does rather nice snacks, such as sandwiches and pizza, and of course sells alcohol! The room was of a decent size, and was clean. The bathroom was small, but again, clean. I would stay here again, as the location is fantastic. We had no bother in Chicago, we felt very safe.	
Mar 7 2007 	Work Site with rude staff	Was in Chicago for a few nights, booked this hotel cuz the location was close to the nightlife, which it was. but when got into the taxi the taxi man told us this hotel was closed down, we got him to take us to the address anyway. When we got to the hotel it looked like it was shut but it wasnt, the hotel is undergoing major works, it really should be closed down while the works are on, or at least i should have been told when making the booking. Something that really annoyed me was when we were checked in we were given a sheet of paper letting us know that they were really happy we were staying with them during this historic time... we didnt like it and was very annoyed the staff were not freindly behind the desk at all.	
Feb 21 2007	Dirty hotel poor service	I was extremely unhappy with the service I received at this hotel. I do not generally write reviews of hotels. Who has the time? I have traveled all over the world and stayed in a variety of hotels. I really felt strongly that I needed to let others know that they should avoid this horrific experience. The location of the hotel is good. My main issue was that the hotel was not clean. When I arrived at my room, I found hairs all over the toilet. When I informed the management and asked to be moved, they appeared disinterested. After wating several hours, they finally agreed to move me to another room. At this point it was almost midnight. I moved all my belongings myself, as the management refused to help me move. When I got to the second room, I found that all the television would show was snow (no picture). Only a few minutes later, I saw a bedbug run across my bed. I was absolutely horrified. When I immediately called the management, the manager came to my room, and agreed to move me yet again. Again, he did nothing to assist me in moving at 1am. The third room they provided was adequate and without vermin. However, I though the building was extremely unsanitary and the service poor. I told management that I expected a refund or at least a discount. The manager refused to do either. As I said, I have stayed at many, many hotels, and this was clearly the worst experience I have ever had. Save yourself the horror and stay elsewhere.	
Jan 5 2007 	Great Location Great for budget	The location of this hotel is EXCELLENT. It's a block off the Magnificent Mile, easy walk to Navy Pier, the river, and even Millenium Park. We stayed here for two nights in August. It's nothing overly fancy, so if you expect luxury, do not stay here. But the room was of decent size and clean. The bathroom was small, but I was prepared for that from reading other reviews. The lobby looks outdated, but that didn't bug me as long as my room was clean, which it was. They have a terrace on the top floor which a lot of people are not aware of. Pretty good views from way up high. There is a great burrito place right across the street. We had lunch there on both days. There's also a Dunkin Doughnuts/Baskin Robbins across the street. There is no restaurant in the hotel. We walked to McDonalds for breakfast one day....about 5-6 blocks away. We booked the room on hotrooms.com and save a lot of money. Rather than paying over $200/night, we paid $135 per night. For that price and that location, this place can't be beat. Felt safe too which was very important for two women in the city!	
Dec 8 2006 	Central and OK	If you are looking at something reasonably priced and fairly central, then this is for you. It is clean and basic, although they really should do something about those pillows - boy are they awful.The conceirge and bell staff are extremely freindly and helpful, so you can't go too far wrong.Try the West Egg on E Ontario St for breakfast - great service and choice. The fresh fruit salad is huge, we shared one portion between 4 people and stuggled to finish it. You have to get there early or you'll have to wait - but the turn round time for diners was swift and efficient - very impressed.	
Nov 12 2006 	Great Location- Good Value!	This hotel is in a perfect location. You can walk just about anywhere you would like to go. It is blocks away from the Hancock Center, Wrigley Building etc. and right in the middle of the Magnificent Mile!The rooms are small but clean. This is certainly not luxury but it is in the perfect location and fine for the money you pay.Don't expect luxury and you will be fine. I stayed here 2 nights while on business and would stay again if cost prohibited other properties. There isn't a restaurant on site but there is a Dunkin Donuts and a Burrito place across the street. Also try Marys Cafe for breakfast! It is about 2 blocks away.	
Nov 1 2006 	Good value for money	This Hotel is good value for the money. It is centrally located, just off Michigan Ave. There are a lot of homeless people about the hotel but this seemed to be typical for Chicago, there were a lot of homeless about the city, but none of them too intrusive.The bed was big and comfy and the rooms were very spacious, cleaned daily. bathroom could do with a facelift but it was clean. Could hear a lot of noise from one of the neighbouring rooms, but not sure if they were just very loud. Check out all the brochures of things to do in Chicago in the lobby.	
Oct 18 2006 	Just fine for cheaper accomodations in the area	I basically just needed a place to crash in Chicago for a Saturday night--I wanted something in a convenient and safe location but I didn't need--or want to pay for--anything fancy. This hotel fit the bill for my criteria. While the room was small, simply appointed, and a bit in need of some redecoration, it was relatively cheap for my last minute booking and considering it was right in the heart of the magnificent mile area, you just couldn't beat the location.I have two gripes: first the heating/cooling system in the room was a bit extreme--I found it hard to regulate the temp to a happy medium and ended up settling for a very intensely air conditioned night (thank goodness they provided an extra blanket!). Also, I was disappointed with the internet access in the room. I got the impression upon booking and checking in that all rooms were equipped with high speed access, however much to my dismay there was only a dial up connection through the telephone, and I couldn't even get it to work. This day in age, any hotel in the middle of a big city should have its act together...it is not that difficult to set up.Overall, though, I was satisfied with a clean and comfortable enough hotel right in the middle of everything and easy to find for an out of towner.	
Oct 14 2006 	Not worth the money	This room was a dump for $345 a night! This room is all LOCATION. It has a great location. It is right near the free trolly and within a short walk of red line. It is one block away from Magnificant Mile. So, if you want a $300 basic room but with a great location, this was OK. I have stayed all over the world and just expected more for four stars and that much money.	
Oct 3 2006 	Relief	Stayed at the Inn of Chicago with a group (10) of girlfriends for 4 nights. Was relieved that most of the stuff that was written here by other reviewers didn't come true for us as I was very nervous about it.Only real headache was checking in. We had made our arrangements as a group but the information didn't seem to make it to the front desk for some bizarre reason even after I had confirmed all the reservations twice the week before! There were several issues that were putting my blood pressure up including the young man that was &quot;helping&quot; us. We finally got it sorted out, but some of the desk crew seriously needs some training in customer service skills (and I told them that).Rooms were nice and clean. My roomie and I were on the 7th floor. Only problem we had was the ventilation in the bathroom. It got pretty steamy in there after a shower! Otherwise, everything else was fine. We also got to hang out on the roof top terrace. Not much of a view as the hotel is not that tall, but it was our favourite hang out location as our weather was great!We used one of the meeting rooms for a get together and had the most wonderful wait staff assigned to us (Thank you Beto!)! He was terrific. Also was impressed with the evening manager and desk staff. Two thumbs up to Don and Ellis!Also used the concierge service and had great experiences each time we did. Shae was lovely and very helpful, turning us on to where to get show tickets at half price, pointing us in the direction of breakfast locations, and making reservations for dinner for our group. Thanks Shae!The location is ideal, close to everything! Volare restaurant is a must if you like pasta. West Egg Cafe for breakfast, expect a wait. Dunkin Donuts across the street was invaluable! And wine is available on the opposite corner to the hotel. Walgreens a block away, also a movie theatre, subway access. Eight blocks west was Carsons for steak and ribs -- awesome -- John and Nestor took good care of us there! Ed Debevics across the street from Carsons if you're into abuse and diner food! Seriously, their schtcik is to harrass you. Frenchie, our waitress, looked after us! Michigan Avenue is steps away. Borders, the Virgin Record Store, and the Hershey store were my home away from home! I also strongly recommend the double decker bus tour. A great way to spend the afternoon. The tour takes about two hours unless you jump on and off to explore along the way. Takes you all over the downtown!Navy Pier was a great place to hang out! Sea Dog tours will take you for a 30 minute boat ride to view the city from the lake. Lots of great shops, mini golf, ferris wheel, and stained glass museum plus lots of other things to do there!Also had time to visit the King Tut exhibit at the Field Museum and Robie House (I'm a Frank Lloyd Wright fan and was not disappointed. Simply awesome!)After this visit, Chicago has become one of my favourite cities and I will go back and probably stay at the Inn of Chicago again. Except for the check in hiccups, we had a great stay. Kudos to the city of Chicago for keeping your city beautiful and user friendly. Also the people were so nice and accommodating -- everyone we asked for help went out of their way to assist us! We had a great time! Thanks Chicago!	
Aug 23 2006 	happy and pleased	Stayed here from Aug 14 to 22, 2006 and was pleasantly surprised at what we got for how little we paid. Clean room, helpful and friendly staff on every level, quiet location. Had a problem with my computer and wifi but got quick and efficient help from the service guy and the front desk. Really nice people working here. On one afternoon when the computers at the front desk were not working right the bellmen passed out cold water and bottled beers to the people in line. Right across the street are places to get a quick meal, ice cream, doughnuts, snacks. If you want to have a special dinner you don't have to walk far at all. With a restaurant guide and a map you can find almost anything you want. There are even three well stocked supermarkets close by. We even walked to Millineum Park and the Art Institute from this hotel. We would go back here in a minute! People who work for Amtrak stay here so you know it can't be bad. If you want a place you can walk to everything from this is it. Take the elevator to the 22nd floor to go out on the terrace, a great vista any time of the day. The neighborhood is beautiful, too. Hot water and good elevators, no complaints there.	
Aug 22 2006	Good choice for Chicago	We checked in for 3 nights 13July'06 &amp; the hotel was full &amp; very busy. Although our room looked onto a wall it was clean, comfortable. The location is awesome, 1 min walk to Michigan Ave, 10min walk to Lake &amp; 10min walk to Subway station. Recommended for price,/location.	
Aug 13 2006 	Average stay in a great location	I spent the first three nights of a touring holiday in this hotel. Due to problems with flights (there were terrific electric storms on the East Coast massively delaying everything) I checked in at 1.30 a.m. rather than the anticipated 5.00 p.m., (after having phoned to warn them that I would be late), and unsurprisingly, there were no delays. I found out later that they did fail to give me two messages, one of whoch was rather crucial.The room was unremarkable but clean and adequate. There wasn't much of a view, except of a fire escape, but it's an old City hotel rather than a Resort hotel, so that didn't bother me. The aircon worked, but was NOISY! It's a shame that the bar is closed, but there's an all hours store on the corner opposite, and there was a can machine next to the ice machine on my floor. As a base for sight seeing, the location was great . Just a shame I underestimated the heat and humidity when setting off on foot - I was glad that my shower worked well when I returned after a day out!I'd seen that they have a roof terrace on their website, and was suprised that there were no signs to it. However, I hopefully took the lift to the top floor and easily found it. Now that's where the views are to be found!! I had a very pleasant &quot;sundowner&quot; there on my second night, bought from the store. There appears to be a closed bar up there, which is a terrible missed opportunity.	
Aug 9 2006	One word to describe horrible!	“Best” Western more like “Worst” Western. We tried to check into the hotel at 4:00 in the afternoon, we were told that our room was not ready. When we asked approximately how long it would take for our room. We were told to step aside and they would let us know. After waiting for 10 minutes in a crowded lobby along with all the other hotel guest and their luggage, we were told that it was going to be 45 minutes to an hour until our room was ready. The baggage check was over filled so we had to take our luggage with us to a nearby restaurant. Just what you want to do when you get off a plane, is walk the streets with your luggage. Fortunately we were able to book a room at a nearby Hyatt. When we returned to the Best Western, we informed the front desk that we would not be staying. We expressed how disappointed we were at the situation and that never once was an apology given. The person at the front desk told us that all the hotels in the area were booked, and that we would have this problem anywhere we went. We informed the “lady” that we had just booked a room at the Hyatt. Her response “good then go there”. Unbelievable! I know that this is not the Drake or the W, but a little customer service goes a long way, even for a Best Western.	
Aug 8 2006 	Great location--not great hotel and horrible service!	First the positive--it was a great location, right next to Michigan Ave., and Chicago is a rockin' city! Tons 'o fun! Negatives--the staff is super unfriendly. We arrived at 5pm to check-in and our room was still not ready. We had a concert to get going to so we had to leave without checking into our room. They were NOT accomodating and made no excuses. We needed to change our clothes and we forced to do so in the lobby bathroom. We checked our baggage behind the desk and when we came back to claim it at midnight they gave us the run around and the jerk of a sercurity gaurd just about would not give us our bags! The rooms were okay, but nothing to write home about. I would not stay here again. You can do better with a different downtown hotel. My husband and I came to the conclusion that the Inn of Chicago is definitely a &quot;has been&quot; hotel.	
Aug 4 2006 	Great Location	Great location. Very clean. Friendly Staff.	
Jul 18 2006	Great Location	The best thing about the Inn of Chicago is the location. You are literally blocks from Michigan Avenue and Navy Pier. The concierge was very helpful when we asked about taking the train to see a White Sox game. (Make sure you get an all day train pass, otherwise its $2 every ride!..they are also good for bus rides). We were able to check in pretty early (11 am) which was not a problem for the front desk, and when I asked if we could have a corner room, they were able to provide one. The corner rooms seem bigger to me, maybe they're not, but you get windows on both sides of the room. The only negatives I would have are:The windows were filthy, but it's not really the hotels fault. There is construction going on across the street.The elevators are TINY!. With three of us and a suitcase, there was no room left in the elevator. The beds are only moderately comfortable, but the room was clean as far as I could tell, and the location was great. Parking is around the corner ($26 for 24-hours). I would stay there again for a weekend trip.One last thing, there is an AWESOME breakfast place just down the street (I think it's near St. Clair and Ontario) called West End Cafe. There's always a line, but it goes very quick. They have fabulous omelettes. Make sure you try them!	
Jun 28 2006	Hotel okay for the price...	We stayed two nights at this hotel. For the price we received under $100 per night so close to the Mile and food you can't complain. Rooms are small with a tiny bath but we found it clean and rarely spent any time in our room. Elevators and the lack of ability to print our boarding passes for us would be the only negative. We would stay there again for the right price.....	
Jun 23 2006 	Room/Price Major Mismatch	Just got back from a business trip to Chicago. Apparently, this was one of THOSE weekends where ALL hotels fill up and the hotels can charge whatever they want. Although this was booked 3+ weeks prior to the trip, it was about the last thing available for this trip. Nothing at the hotel was really BAD, but it all felt very bad because of the price of the room. We ended up paying rates at or above those of the Marriott or Doubletree for this very basic motel. Even at Chicago rates, this hotel is not worth more than $120/night. We paid more than double that.The rooms are very dated, including the airconditioning which kicks on/off all night. Light sleepers beware. The bathroom is very old. We were on the 21st floor and had no water pressure in the shower. The wi-fi available in rooms on the 17th floor and above worked fine. The rooms seemed clean. Check-in was very slow and appeared to be very manual. The staff was pleasant enough but it took forever. Once checked in, one of the people in our party received a call and said that they &quot;accidently booked him into the wrong room&quot; and would he move into another room. The room they were offering was a &quot;parlor&quot; with a sofa bed. When he asked if they were offering it at the same (ridiculous) price, they said YES. Of course, he said NO.The elevators are very small and can hold only 3 or 4 people. Although credit card numbers were taken at checkin for &quot;incidentals&quot;, the sundry shop wouldn't allow one in our party to charge a couple of batteries to his room. He had no cash with him, so he pulled out his credit card. Sorry, $10 minimum purchase to use the credit card....batteries were $4. So, he threw in some junk food to get the bill up to $10 to be able to buy the batteries.Today when we went to take the car out of the parking garage, the hotel wanted CASH. Again, no charging to the room or even credit card. So, we scraped up the $56 for two nights parking and paid the cash.Last thing I'll say is that the location is fine. But I wouldn't stay there again for business or pleasure for anything over $120. And believe me, I am used to budget hotels, but I expect to pay budget prices.	
Jun 8 2006	What do you want for the money?	We normally stay at the Hilton standard of hotels in the US but these were very expensive on and around the Mag Mile in Chicago so we stayed at the BWIOC for four nights from May 25. We weren’t expecting any kind of view but they put us on the 12th floor on the E Ohio St side. Just other buildings to see but I suppose it beats the fire escape view that another reviewer had. As it’s only one block east it may as well have been on Michigan Ave itself. There are two convenience stores diagonally opposite and a Dunkin Donuts to the side for breakfast. Two blocks towards the lake we ate at a lovely Spanish style tapas restaurant but can’t remember the name. Best lamb I’ve ever had. The young lady at the concierge desk was very helpful. The hotel literature doesn’t mention it but there is a terrace on the roof 22 floors up, great for a smoke and a view of the other skyscrapers and a little bit of the lake. The sign says no glass allowed so I sat in the sun with a couple of cans of Fosters from the convenience store. There is a bar by the lobby but no restaurant, not that you need one here. There was noisy construction work going on opposite (which probably accounted for the dirty windows) but you can’t blame the hotel for that. The air con unit was a big museum piece but it worked fine and was needed as the temperature hit 93 degrees on our last day. One small criticism though, there is no safe / strong box in the room and the hotel won’t take any responsibility for valuables being stolen so I was constantly handing in my camcorder and DVD player at the lobby for safe keeping. Better safe than sorry.This hotel can’t compete with the Hiltons, Marriotts and Hyatts on the standards of furnishings and fittings but all in all it was definitely worth $124 a night. My wife loved the shops on the Mag Mile but apart from the Billy Goat Tavern I couldn’t find one singe bar or pub.	
May 29 2006	Other than location not good	If you are looking for a relatively inexpensive hotel right off of the Miracle Mile, and don't care about the following problems, then choose this hotel. We were disappointed. Here are the problems they should fix...1. The water coming out of the taps should not be intermittent with bursts of air.2. The water coming out of the shower should not cause injury. It bursts out of those cheap, inoperable nozzles at an incredible rate. We took ours completely off and the water gushing directly from the pipe in the wall was an improvement.3. The pop machine should dispense cold soda, not hot.4. The tv volume should be loud enough to hear. 5. The guys at the door should be helpful.6. The concierge, while knowledgable, should be nice as well. She seemed irritated to have to repeat herself. I'm sorry if we didn't feel like getting on the wrong bus.I wouldn't stay here again. Chicago itself was awesome though - very safe and fun.	
May 11 2006	Worst Western	I stayed at the BW Inn of Chicago over the weekend of April 29th, 2006. Firstly, the location is excellent, but that's it. I paid around $400 for two nights and wish I'd paid more to stay somewhere nicer. On arrival (around 3pm so quite early) I asked for a room with a city or lake view as it was my first visit to Chicago. After searching the system for a little while I was given room 1705. We went up to drop our bags off and have a quick look at the view... it was of the fire escape steps and not much more. We went up to the roof terrace as it was a lovely day... closed. We decided to go walk, on our way out we asked at reception for another room.On our return we checked the room situation, we hadn't been moved and all rooms had been allocated, &quot;check in the morning&quot; we were told. We did, nothing had been done, the guy asked what room we had, when I told him &quot;that's the fire escape, leave it with me&quot; the guy said. That first night was awful, rowdy people partying, getting ice, etc. it was like the door was made of balsa. We had a great day in a great city and returned to the hotel late in the afternoon on our second day, you guessed it, nothing had been done. We had a second night that was even rowdier than the first, it was hellish. Pay more and enjoy a great city!	
Apr 17 2006	Location is KEY	A friend and I stayed here for 3 nights over spring break. We checked in on a Wednesday and there was no wait. The girl at the front desk had us down for a one bed room, but I asked if she had any rooms available with two beds and she said yes. Very surprising to us, we got a corner room with 3 windows on the 21st floor (second to the top)...the views were amazing! The room was decently sized (big enough for us) and very clean. The best thing about the Best Western Inn of Chicago is that it is located literally in the middle of everything. It is a short half block walk to Michigan Avenue, across from the Virgin Record Store and between the Gap and Guess. Walking to north and south Michigan Avenue is a quick short stroll. Everything is nearby, I wouldn't stay anywhere else as far as location goes. We walked everywhere, and if we didn't feel like walking...we definately made use of the CTA public busses (they were so convenient)...(If you are going to use busses, which you probably will because walking does get tiresome...go to any place around that says &quot;Checks Cashed here&quot; and you can get the CTA bus and subway pass, it will definately save you a lot of money rather than paying the $2 each way on busses. Make sure to ask the person what each card holds, so you can find the right one for your trip depending on how much you will use it.) Also, the subway (or the 'L') is about 3 blocks up from the hotel, which we used to do shopping in Wicker and Lincoln park. The L is really a lot easier to figure out than we thought. Overall, this hotel's location was amazing. It was so convenient to be able to walk everywhere, literally. Whether it was up and down Michigan Ave. or to Navy Pier, walking wasn't too far for us to handle. With our hotel being so close, it was nice because we could stop at our hotel for a few minutes between things we were doing. And, walking at night was fine...we felt so safe because there were a lot of people out on the street (even at like 11 or 12 p.m.).	
Mar 26 2006	Ideal for the budget minded...	We stayed here in the summer of 2005 for three nights. For downtown Chicago, it was incredibly well priced. However, on arrival this was obviously down to the rather tired decor and general need of renovation for the hotel. It's location is ideal, being just one block off Michigan Avenue (Magic Mile), and the concierge service was very helpful. We were staying in the middle of a heatwave and the air-con in our room struggled to keep up without making an awful noise. The room itself was comfortable if again a little well worn.On the whole not a bad experience but if you pay extra there are many other nearby hotels that look a lot better.	
Feb 2 2006	Great Hotel!	Me and my cousin was here with my brothers family on wacation. (We're from Norway)And we stayed on this Hotel for 1 week of two. Now, we didn't stay on the hotel that much, it's so much to do in Chicago. But when we where there, I must say I enjoed my/our stay. So I reccomend this hotel for everyone stayng in Chicago.- Christian.PS: I apologize if my English is poor... PPS: I dont have any Pics of the hotel =)	
Jan 31 2006	Find another hotel and pay the extra $	Location is good, but that's the best thing to say about this hotel. The homeless begging outside the main street doors was aggravating at times.Staff not over accommodating. Until I told them I was a Best Western Frequent traveler no extra enthusiasm. We then received breakfast coupons.Room and hallways small. Our room had a bad smell and had to buy a candle to deodorize.All in all a bad experience for a first trip to Chicago.Sorry to say.Spend the extra $ and stay at the Marriott down the street, seemed worth the extra expense.	
Jan 23 2006 	Acceptabe Hotel Great Location Horrible Service	I checked into the Best Western Inn of Chicago January 22, 2006 for two nights. The hotel is old in appearance. I found the rooms to be small but acceptable ( I knew I wasnt statying at the Hyatt). The problem I have with this hotel is the service. Monday night I needed to access the internet for school. At no point on the web site, during my reservation, or check in did do they mention that you only get wireless high speed internet access on the 17th floor and above. I was told that they have hot spots for wireless access in the lobby. Problem solved right? Wrong. I could not get a signal in the lobby. No one behind the front desk had any solutions and when I explained to the attendant at the check in desk my dilemma, she said, and I quote, &quot; I dont know what to tell you&quot;. Another employee suggested that I use dial up from my phone line in the room. That would be good except for the 20 cents per minute charge after thirty minutes for a local number. When asked if the phone charge could be waived due to the lack of the hotel providing the wireless internet access it advertises, first the attendant let out a little silly laugh, and then said no. Finally, out of frustration and the lack of time to argue, I went to the top floor (22) where I sat on the floor in the hallway to get a signal. If location and price is important to you then it's not a bad hotel. If you expect courtesy and for the front desk staff to assist you with problems you encounter, you may want to stay somewhere else. Good location, acceptable hotel, poor service, and misleading advertisement.	
Dec 30 2005	Great location Great price great value	My daughters and I wanted to spend a couple of days in Chicago over Christmas break and do some shopping without spending a fortune on the room. This hotel met all our expections and then some. We were close to the Magnificant Mile for all the great shopping and within walking distance to great restaurants and the subway. The free trolley to Navy Pier was a great perk as well, but we could easily have walked there as well. The concierge desk was helpful with directions and everyone was helpful and friendly. I would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 20 2005	Nice hotel but.......................	We stayed at The Inn of Chicago for 5 nights in mid October 2005. The staff were good to deal with, not overly friendly but professional in their approach with customers. The rooms were superb, we'd booked two doubles and were huge and spotlessly clean. However, on check-out, we vacated our rooms at 12pm and brought our bags to the lobby. We were offered the service of minding our bags by the bellhops (the guys with the blue jackets)while we went for lunch before leaving for O' Hare at 3pm. I enquired as to the cost of this and was informed $ 40.00 which I thought was a little expensive but we had a lot of bags and couldn't bring them with us so we accepted their offer. On collection we asked them to organise a cab to the airport which they did, we paid the $ 40.00 to another of the bellhops who was overly thankful insofar as he asked was this for the taxi fare. Needless to say the penny dropped and we felt ripped off. Anyway, a taxi pulled up outside the door, we gathered our bags and went outside and the bellhop nearly broke his neck running out after us to tell us that this wasn't ours and he'd ordered a mini-van for our comfort. This duly arrived and we loaded up, this &quot;mini-van&quot; was smaller than the cab we got from the airport 5 days earlier. On arrival at O' Hare we asked the fare as our driver had neglected to switch on the meter and were informed $ 50.00. $10.00 more than the fare 5 days beforehand. RIPPED OFF AGAIN. The bottom line is I would stay in this hotel again but the dealings with the bellhops left me with a bad taste in my mouth and they tainted what was up to then a very enjoyable stay. I did complain to the hotel on my arrival home and while they did acknowledge my email, I'm still waiting for a response on the hotels position on my experience.	
Nov 30 2005	Best Western a Great surprise!	What a pleasant surprise! I can't lie...when I heard &quot;Best Western&quot; ... I was a little bit worried. I was pleasantly surprised at the nice room and the excellent service received at this secret gem of a hotel in the most perfect location on Michigan Avenue! Upon check-in, the desk clerk could not have been any nicer! He upgraded me to a corner room on the 19th floor which I am assuming was larger than most rooms. We had 2 double beds (see photos), a nice TV unit, a table, 2 chairs and plenty of space!The bathroom was small but very adequate. (photos) It was lacking in any counter space or hooks, which was a bit difficult with three of us sharing a room.I can't think of a better location. I have stayed on North Michigan Avenue, and also near the Wacker Bridge...but this location was so central, that I really think it was the best of both worlds. The views from our TWO windows were great! (photos)The concierge was VERY helpful with directions, suggestions, bus information, etc! If she was not there, the front desk staff knew lots of info, too!I would definitely stay in the Inn of Chicago again for the great rate that we got.	
Nov 9 2005	Good but Some Problems	I just spent three nights here. I arrived 2 hours before check in time on a busy Sunday afternoon and my room was ready. Yes the room is small but it was adequate. The bathroom, also small, showed signs of revent renovation and was fine. The shower water pressure was excellent! The staff treated me very well and the concierge was helpful. The only real drawback is the heating cooling system. There is only an on off switch and is just does not work very well. Fortunately the weather was very nice so it was not a problem. I don't think I would want to stay here in the Summer.	
Nov 5 2005	It was . . . nice	It was in a prime location. My boyfriend and I almost passed it because I thought it was further out of downtown. The room was clean and comfy. But the ice machine was right outside our door so you can hear everyone getting ice. The soda machine needed to be fixed, but the staff will happily give you a refund. I would definitely stay here again. A little pricey for me (I'm use to staying in smaller cities) but worth it.	
Oct 28 2005	Funny...	I have stayed here in the past, and although the rooms are small, it is a clean and well kept hotel. I called to make reservations for a suite this August 2006, and the reservationist asked how many people, I said 2, then she polietly asked what was bringing me to the area, I said it was my birthday. She then changed her tone, and immediately says, &quot;first let me state&quot; we don't allow parties......I said, Oh no, it's nothing like that, just me and my boyfriend......(I'm 43 yrs. old) but geez....not a, &quot;Oh how nice, it's your birthday, or &quot;that's nice, here's a nice room for you&quot;....just right off the bat, &quot;We don't allow parties&quot; I was pretty much instantly turned off from making the reservation. I even thought I would looked into a birthday package room or special occassion package rate, but I think I'll look elsewhere.	
Oct 12 2005	Location Location Location	Let's get one thing straight. This is not a 5 star hotel, but it is clean, fair priced and close to everything! Sure there are minor room imperfections such as peeling wallpaper and loose tiles in the bathroom, but if you like to see the city on a budget, then this is for you! We stayed here for the Chicago Marathon and loved it. The room was a decent size, had all the basic amenities, and had a friendly atmosphere. We really enjoyed the fact that everything was so close. Michigan Ave is a half block away, and the subway was about 4 blocks away. If you want to be close to the action, without paying a mint, then stay here. If you want to be pampered, then stay at the Drake or the Intercontinental.	
Oct 5 2005	Not really sure...	I agree with the other reviewers that this hotel is in a wonderful location and was an excellent price, but I just didn't think it had a very nice 'feel' about it. The room was small and dark, with just a tiny, dirty window to peer out of, and while we had a non-smoking room, the bathroom always smelt a little like smoke.I am not really sure about other hotels in Chicago, this being my first time to the city (which I absolutely loved by the way) but I would say if you have two choices, Best Western Inn and another, choose the other.That said, can't fault the location or the price.	
Oct 2 2005	Perfect Location	My husband and I recently stayed at the Inn of Chicago and thought it was the perfect location. One block from the Miracle Mile and shopping and close to walking south across the river to the Art Institute of Chicago. Our room was on the 21st floor, corner room, so we had an excellent view of the city. The room was clean, comfortable and the people that work there were more than helpful. We drove and the parking lot is conveniently located one half block from the hotel. Many restaurants to choose from. The hotel has a continental breakfast for $5.50 that was adequate. The only complaint is the wait to get our room. We waited more than 1 hour and when the room was ready they failed to let us know (we were sitting in the lobby). The rates were great and we would stay there again.	
Oct 2 2005	Good Hotel	Stayed in here from Sept 19th - 22nd and we both loved this hotel, for the location(Just off N.Michigan Ave behind Guess? Jeans).Granted the lobby looked like something from a 70's movie, but once checked in the room was very tidy and clean if not a tad small(But hey when your exploring downtown how much time do you want to spend in your hotel room?).The staff were all very helpful and knowledgable, the concierge was great with ideas and loads of vouchers saving us money on things like the Hancock and Sears Towers.Didn't try their breakfast bar but again who wants to eat in their hotel when a whole city is waiting for your tourist dollars?!! - As with other reviews, try the Cambridge House accross the road, they have a great breakfast menu there, and after eating there for 3 mornings we were impressed every time.And once again the location was great, was were able to be shopping 2mins after we left the hotel lobby and were in walking distance for everything the city had to offer more or less-though we did walk some miles in 3 1/2 days!!If you want a cheap hotel in great area then look no further.Only exception was the pan handlers around the area, then again with so much money around there where else would they go to get handouts?	
Sep 21 2005	Great location. Right Price.	Having never stayed at a Best Western before, I was hesitant about what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised at its superb location - one block off Michigan Avenue and within walking distance of plenty of great restaurants, bars and shopping. I especially liked that just a few blocks west was Blue Chicago, a terrific nightclub with live music every night.We reserved two rooms (through their website) and were upgraded (without having to ask!) to a King suite on the corner facing the lake. These aren't the fanciest rooms, but they are clean and well-appointed with all of the basics. And when one of our toilets broke, it was fixed instantly, without any hassle. Plenty of cabs were available and valet parking was fast and courteous.Also, there's a no-frills coffee shop that serves tasty breakfast right across the street, so you can fuel up for the day before enjoying the Magnificent Mile. In all, at $169/night it was a great choice that I'd recommend.	
Aug 29 2005	Great Location	Stayed here early July. This place is very good value as an inexpensive hotel in a first-rate location just off the Magnificent Mile. The downside is that the rooms are small and have a slightly careworn feel, although ours was clean and efficiently maintained. The staff were conspicuously helpful. You could pay a lot more in Chicago without doing noticeably better.	
Aug 26 2005	brilliant chicago hotel	10 mins walk to a beach one way, 5 mins to all the shops downtown chicago has to offer in the other direction.hotel is a typical best western, rooms very standard issue, clean, just generally exactly what you'd expect.would stay again	
Aug 2 2005	My take on this place	We reserved and &quot;held&quot; 2 rooms for 3 nights here via the Best Western Website, both non-smoking, 2 queen beds per room. Upon our arrival we were told that the only rooms available were smoking rooms, one of which had only had single bed.It was late and we didn't have many options. we took them.One room, the one with 1 bed, had a great view of a ventelation unit. The other room, (both on 4th floor) had a good crop of mild growing in the combo bath/shower and peeling wallpaper in the bedroom. Both had noisy under-window AC units.Day 2 we got to change rooms, they were satisfactory, the AC units were much quieter.Starting at 8:30 AM the maids start knocking on doors &quot;Housekeeping!&quot;, on day 3 we heard the knocks, sounded like the were coming from across the hall, to our surprise the maid entered our room (one of us was still getting dressed) &quot;Oops, sorry!&quot; then she left. On our last night there was a &quot;pet&quot; in our room, I think I killed it. Couldn't find it after the second stomp.Other observations, good location, State Steet and Michigan Avenue are close.Nice little exercise room on the 15th floor.The lobby carpet needed to be cleaned (shampooed), dark and grimy. They were vacuuming it upon our arrival, good place to start. Upon checking out, complained about the dirty, smoking room from first night. They knocked $11 off the 1st night's rate. Not much of compenation for our trouble.For breakfast, the coffee shop across the street, not very good. Other places nearby much better, we liked the place across the street from the Holiday Inn a 2 blocks away. If you like that sort of thing, there is a Duncan Donuts across the street.	
Jun 5 2005	Wow 	We booked three rooms and got suites all on the top floor. The space was fantastic. We had seperate bedrooms with sunken tubs and sitting rooms with wet bar. The roof terrace was beautiful. Chicago may be the windy city but from the roof terrace the sun shines without the hint of the breeze you get at street level. The check clerk and concierge were very helpful and for around £80 per night we were treated like Kings. The panoramic view from our suite was great day &amp; night. Excellent location for Navy Pier, Michigan Ave etc	
May 21 2005	Great Room Great Price	We spent three nights at this hotel and were very pleased. The room was clean, comfortable, and well-decorated. The staff were friendly and knowledgeable. The hotel is located in an area with lots of restaurants and less than a block from Michigan Avenue, close to public transportation. We would assuredly recommend this hotel to any Chicago visitor.	
May 19 2005	great location but...	the location of this hotel was great, but the room was horrible. it was so small, the water pressure was terrible, the room temp went from hot to cold so often you couldn't sleep. the only good thing about our stay was that we were allowed to check in early without any problems. i excepted a little better out of the best western hotel chain and would not stay here again when i visit chicago.	
May 16 2005	Unhelpful Staff	We stayed here for 5 days at the end of April and the hotel was completely adequate for our needs. Not the best quality or best looking but we didn't book the hotel with this in mind. We wanted somewhere cheap and central and that is exactly what we got. The location is perfect for shopping on the Magnificent Mile and downtown can be easily reached in a brief walk. However, the major problem with this hotel are the staff and their attitude. We arrived just before 3pm, which is check-in time. We were allowed to register but told to return just after 3pm to pick up our keys, which is fine. We return to the desk just after 3pm to be told our room is not ready and can we return later. I asked when we should return and they said in 30mins. 40 mins later I returned to the desk, the room still was not ready as the housekeeping staff had not cleaned it yet, although they are definitely dealing with it now. When I asked what time it would be ready I was told they couldn't give me a time! They did not know exactly when it would be ready and they have no control over when housekeeping clean the room. We were told this by 3 unhelpful staff who suggested we go for a walk, do some shopping, grab some dinner etc. They said come back in an hour and it should be ready. We did as we were told and returned 2 hours later....guess what....the room still wasn't ready and again they said they couldn't tell us exactly when it would be ready and again told us to go shopping, grab some dinner. They said there were no other rooms available and they didn't know for sure when our room would be cleaned and couldn't give us an exact time of when to return. 4 hours after arriving and watching plenty of other people check-in, completely fed up now of being messed around we stood our ground and said we weren't prepared to put up with this and advised them we would find another hotel to stay at. Suddenly a room became available, not the one we booked, but the penthouse suite was available! We ended up staying in a huge room much bigger than we needed but we got a room in the end although it was a massive struggle. The staff our completely unhelpful, unfriendly, impolite and unwilling to smile, until you start to complain and then they will suddenly start to do their job. We didn't liase with them at all for the rest of the trip as we didn't want to risk a repeat performance. I hope you have better luck with them than we did!	
Apr 18 2005	Great value location clean	Great value and location. Not deluxe, but it is in great shape with clean, new carpets and everything in fine working order. Staff is helpful and knowledgable. Lobby is very nice. Location is wonderful, with a 50year old typical Chicago coffee shop right across the street, and an excellent breakfast restaurant down a block (West Egg). We don't have a lot of experience with downtown hotels, but after comparing prices, this place did us fine. If you are not the type to hang out in the hotel room, but want a central launching point to see Chicago, want to be in a safe area, with a great value on parking ($26/day, 1/2 block away), this is the place. Rooms are not real big, but sufficient. Broadband and wireless Internet starts on floor 11, not a well-publicized fact.	
Apr 12 2005	Perfect Location	My family and I have stayed at the Inn of Chicago many times and will continue to do so. The hotel itself is not oppulent, but it's clean and very comfortable, and is so close to Michigan Ave. etc. A great Italian restaurant is about a block away called Volare, there is a coffe shop right across the street, and a Dunkin Donut acroos the street. The staff is always courteous and helpful, and the rates are very reasonable. The outstanding feature though is the location.	
Mar 19 2005 	Pretty Darn Good.	I was pretty impressed with this hotel. It definitely is not the Ritz, but the hotel was clean and comfortable. There is wireless internet on some of the floors (every floor does not have wireless), which can be helpful. I think it is located in a good spot if you're a tourist. It's a few blocks from the Chicago River, right off of Michigan Ave., and close to Rush Street and all the shopping...etc. on Michigan Ave.The size of the rooms are decent, the bathrooms are a bit small, but adequate, and the beds are fairly comfortable.If you can get a good deal, it's worth the price.	
Mar 8 2005	Nice Location Clean Rooms Friendly Staff	3 friends and I stayed at this hotel March 5-7, 2005. I got two rooms via Hotels, and made my choice based on (1) reviews from this site and (2) price. Knowing what I know now about the hotel, I would make the same choice again.The location was good - right downtown, near everything. The hotel lobby and rooms were clean. The staff was friendly. The area in which the hotel was located wasn't a bad or scary area. The rooms themselves were average in size (not tiny, but not apartment sized). The bathrooms were small, but adequate. We were on the 14th floor and had rooms on opposite sides of the hotel, and each had views of the city.The subway station was only about 4-5 blocks away, but it seemed farther when the temperatures dropped and the wind picked up. There is a Dunkin Donuts and Burrito Beach across one street, and the Cambridge House restaurant across the other. One review on this site said great things about Cambridge House -- it's not bad if you don't want to walk too far and their service is really fast, but the food really wasn't anything to brag about. Timothy O'Tooles (2 blocks away) had good food and drinks, Rock Bottom Brewery wasn't too far away (near the subway, actually) and they're pretty good too. Starbucks was also nearby.	
Feb 27 2005	Value for money	The BW Inn of Chicago is in a fantastic location just off the Magnificent Mile. It is easy to reach from Ohare Airport by 2 trains, costs about £1.00 and takes about an hour. The hotel itself is warm and welcoming. The rooms are basic, but more than comfortable, and well cleaned each day. The Concierge provides helpful information, if you persist, some are more helpful than others (Robert was helpful). We didn't eat at the hotel, but there are loads of fantastic places to eat close to the hotel, and there is a cinema also just round the corner. You cant beat this hotel for good value, but I must say it isn't a luxury hotel, so if you're looking for luxury go elsewhere.	
Feb 26 2005	Great Location -- Better Price!	This is a wonderful hotel to stay at in Chicago. It's so close to Michigan Ave. (literally half a block) and is very nice for the cost of the rooms. We've stayed there several times in the past and will definitely stay again in the future. The lobby is very nice and clean, and the rooms are great also. It's not the nicest hotel in the city, but it's definitely not a dive. The only thing that wasn't great is that the bathrooms are a little small.... but how much time do you spend in the bathroom anyway? :-)I would recommend this hotel to any family and friends of mine who are visiting chicago.	
Feb 16 2005	Good Value Tourist Hotel In Super Location	The 'Inn Of Chicago' as it's known is a 3 star tourist class hotel, located on East Ohio Street, less than 1 minute's walk from Michigan Avenue - 'The Magnificent Mile' of the Windy City. The hotel is 22 stories high and features a gym and rooftop terrace. The lobby area is small and somewhat shabby; the breakfast room/diner is also decorated 1970's style and in need of updating. Rooms themselves are clean and tastefully decorated with air conditioning, TV, safe, iron. At the request of a room with a view, I was offered a South facing room on the 21st floor. The view from here is great, you have a panorama featuring Lake Michigan, The Chicago River (just visible) and the huge NBC Tower amongst others.My bathroom was small and although modernised, was obviously done on the cheap as many fittings were not well secured. The water flow was also very poor and not always hot. Toiletries were provided but were not worth using as the quality was not good.I participated in a breakfast on the first morning($5.50), but it was not worth the money as there are only a few things on offer and it's unattractively laid out on a small table in the lobby level diner. There is a breakfast restaurant across the street which is far more appealling!The location is the extra star in the hotel's rating and is a shopper's dream come true. You're also a stone's throw from tourist attractions such as Navy Pier, Lake Michigan and The Hancock Centre, where you'll see the best possible view of the City (don't think because Sear's Tower is higher that the view is better!). Don't miss out on the Cheesecake Factory below the Hancock Centre after your visit - it is a cracking restaurant.Date of stay: Feb 1st-3rd 2005.	
Jan 20 2005	Spot-on tourist hotel	My boyfriend and I visited Chicago from Boxing Day to New Year's Eve, 2004. We stayed at the Best Western Inn of Chicago throughout the stay, and were both pleased with the hotel.The hotel in itself could do with a refurbishment - the lobby and decor in the rooms is not very promising, however, the rooms are clean and comfortable and perfect for tourists - at the end of the day all you need your hotel for is as a place to sleep and shower.The location of the hotel is excellent - a half block from the Magnificent Mile, but still close enough to walk into the Loop. Perfect for first-time visitors to Chicago like us.My only word of warning for anyone considering staying in this hotel is to avoid a room next to the gym. The gym hours are 6:00 AM to 10:00 PM, and the walls being quite thin the sound of the treadmills is unbearable if you are trying to get some sleep and recover from jet lag.Apart from that I would certainly stay in the hotel again, and for reasonably-priced tourist accomodation I would say the Best Western Inn of Chicago is a very good bet.	
Dec 22 2004	Great location!	Although the standard queen room was smaller than expected, it was very comfortable, clean and adequate for our stay. In general, the hotel is an old building but appears to have been refurbished and is well maintained. The concierge was very helpful. When I mentioned we were going to the Walnut Room at Field's for lunch, she gave us a card to present that put us at the front of the line without waiting. The hotel also arranged a fixed taxi rate going to the airport which was less than we have payed previously. We got a good deal through Expedia and would stay here again for that price.	
Dec 21 2004	Great location half block of Michigan Avenue	This hotel was in a great location for shopping just half a block of Michigan avenue. Although the lobby is a bit dismal the rooms are good.The air conditioning gave a few problems but the maintenance guy arrived within 5 minutes of reporting the problem.I certainly would stay there again.	
Dec 20 2004	Second time Stay. Better than the first	2nd Visit to Chicago and the 2nd time I've stopped in the Best Western. Great hotel and great location. You just cannot argue with this place for the price. The staff are helpful, the valets are great and the stay was most pleasant. When you visit Chicago on a budget, you just cannot go wrong here. Trust me. The only....problem I had with the place was restaurant. Very rarely open at the times us BRits like to eat. You either have to catch breakfast very very early, and if you decide to go for dinner, make sure you eat before 6pm. Us Pats like a later, more sedate affair.	
Nov 17 2004	Can't wait for next stay	Four nights here in October 2004.An excellent location just off the Mag Mile, 600 yards from the Red Line and within reasonable walking distance of downtown attractions.This is not a luxury hotel but is very competitively priced for its standard and location.Contrary to one reviewer's opinion, I found the cleanliness and maid service to be of the highest order. Staff were polite and all requests were accommodated promptly.I will, if possible, stay at this hotel on my next visit to Chicago.	
Nov 4 2004	Graet Hotel 	A lot better inside than it looks from the outside. Staff very helpful. Perfect location. The &quot;Cambridge House&quot; diner across the road is excellent too.	
Oct 17 2004	Great Location	Hotel is in a great location, but do not expect luxury. I had booked a non-smoking room. When we arrived there were non available. The room had a very strong tobacco smell, but is was large and clean. The hotel has seen better days, it looks a bit sad and needs some love and attention. If you are only staying a few days and you are out most of the time, this hotel is fine. The staff were helpful and very friendly.	
Sep 25 2004	Excellent choice of accomodation	Best Western Inn of Chicago was an excellent choice. Initially, upon entering the room, it seemed to be a bit dark and cheesy, much like most of the hotels in England and Ireland. However, once we got accostomed to the room, we realized that it was not as bad as we thought. The elevators are a bit slow, and the bed-sheets didn't fit all the well, but these were just minor inconveniences. Afterall, the elevators at the Marriott Marquis in Times Square, Manhatten, take ten times as long as these elevators.Location-wise, it doesn't get much better than this hotel. Across the street is a 24-hour convenience store, a restaurant with decent breakfast, and an excellent Burrito restaurant. It takes literally twenty seconds to walk to the main shopping street. There's a Walgreens about 5 minutes walk away, and there's an Internet Cafe in the neighbouring Marriott hotel. There are TONS of restaurants on East Ohio Street, which add to the appeal of this hotel. Red Lobster, Rainforest Cafe and others are about five-minutes walk away from the hotel.The Bell-boys deserve special mention as they were extremely efficient. There is also a cab stand just outside the hotel that almost always has a cab. Other hotels in this area are far more posh, but they're also FAR more expensive. The price that we paid for a seven night stay was equivalent to the price quoted by nearby hotels for just two nights. If you're looking for luxury, this is not the hotel for you. But, if you want a FABULOUS location for an excellent price, then book with confidence.	
Sep 15 2004	Fantastic location	The location really was superb. Just steps away from the Magnificent Mile, and handy for everything we wanted to see and do. The room was comfortable and perfectly fine for our needs. We were two friends sharing, and were glad to be offered the chance of a larger room if we waited a little to check in - didn't see what the original one would have been like, but we had a corner room which presumably gave us more space. Two things worth mentioning: I'd read complaints about the slow elevators and lack of fitted sheets on this site and thought people really did go over the top when pointing out faults. That is until I had to wait a full 10 minutes for an elevator, and my sheet practically came off my bed in the night as it was just too small and didn't fit properly. However, neither would put me off staying at this hotel! The Newsmakers restaurant/cafe was, in our experience, fine for a quick breakfast or lunch (although it shut, weirdly, at 2pm). The bar wasn't great, but then there are so many more exciting places to go than your hotel bar when you're in the heart of downtown Chicago. The concierge staff were most helpful with looking after left luggage, ordering taxis etc. I would definitely come here again.	
Sep 9 2004	Great Service 	Booked with an online discounter for a great rate. I was worried we'd get a basement room by the boiler, but we got a corner room on 12. It was a pretty large room (larger than most on the floor from the map by the elevator). Yes, the bathroom is a little small, but we go to a lot of bed &amp; breakfast homes &amp; we've travelled a lot in Europe, so believe me, I have seen bathrooms WAY smaller than this.It is an older hotel so the lobby is small, the elevators are way small, but the location is so close &amp; convenient to so many things. Close to the free trolley &amp; bus stop as well. Can't imagine a more central location.The staff was incredible. They told us what busses to catch, they called the museum for us to get the Labor Day hours (different than what is published). They arranged transport to the airport for us, came outside to make sure we were getting the right cab, loaded our luggage into the cab &amp; refused to take a tip. We checked out at 11am &amp; our flight didn't leave until 9pm. They held our luggage for us all day &amp; again refused a tip.The rooms have been updated in the last few years &amp; we found them very clean &amp; tastefully decorated. Beds were comfy enough - I usually have a hard time sleeping in hotel beds but I slept like the dead.A/C was blocked by the curtains, so I had to prop something against the curtains to keep them from billowing &amp; blocking the cool air. Rooftop deck was OK - nice view. One thing we liked - since there was no pool, seems there were also no kids. We're child-free, so it was nice not to have kids running around all over the halls &amp; lobby.This is by no means a luxury hotel, but it's certainly no TravelLodge either. I'd stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Aug 22 2004	Great Service!	We stayed here for three nights in August. What a relief! Everyone was sooooo friendly and helpful and never seemed bothered by answering the same &quot;tourist&quot; questions over and over again. It is in a great location and the price cannot be beat. By the way...Garretts popcorn on Michigan Ave. was the only place we found where the staff was so rude to the point of being ugly to it's patrons. Don't go. There are other popcorn stands in town where they appreciate their customers and the popcorn is just as good if not better.	
Jul 19 2004	Whattadump	I can't believe others are rating this dump favorably! I had to remove the toilet paper roll to sit down, it was the smallest hotel bathroom I have ever seen in my life. The AC was loud and inneffective. The elevators tiny and slow (I ended up just walking down 12 flights of stairs rather than waiting for another full elevator). The ***** hairs in the bathtub from a previous guest just set the tone for my 3 day stay. Never again, I'll tell my agent to put me up under a bridge rather than the BW Chicago.	
Jul 13 2004	Couldn't ask for a better location.	We stayed here for 6 nights at the beginning of July. When we arrived the lady at reception was a little concerned that the room we had booked was too small for us for 6 nights so she upgraded us with no extra charge! The room was clean and spacious but the bathroom was very small. Staff were usually happy to help and we were able to book discounted boat and trolley tours through the hotel. The hotel is in a perfect location for tourists- everything you need very close at hand. Only negative point- the air conditioner was a little too loud.	
Jul 13 2004	Great Price and Location	Great location right off Michigan Ave. The price was great. We booked directly with the hotel. The el-train was about two blocks away. It was a short enough distance that we walked with our luggage to the hotel. The room was small but clean and neat. Our friends were booked next door. Everything was just as I expected.  The restaurant directly across the street is not just a greasy-spoon. It was a delicious place and decorated very tastefully; it was a place where the locals go. We ate breakfast there on Sunday morning. The food was served to us quickly, by a friendly and efficient waitress.	
Jul 7 2004	Central Location	Arrived Wed at about 1 P.M. and were able to check right in. Room was typical hotel room, 2dbl beds, armoire with TV and storage for small suitcase,and 3 drawers. Room was on 7th floor with decent view to south. Staff was helpful in answering our questions concerning siteseeing and arranging for a van type cab to take 7 people to the train station. The location of the hotel is great for shopping on Mich.Ave or walking to Navy Pier, or hitting the beach. The rooms and halls have recently been renovated and are clean and comfortable. A patio area on the roof, 22nd floor, provides a nice view of the surrounding area, including the lake, the NBC building and the Hancock Tower. The coulple of negative items are no exhaust fan in the bathroom, and no fitted sheets on the beds. Across the street are restaurants and convience stores.	
Jun 29 2004	Great hotel for the price and LOCATION	I stayed here just this past weekend and have to say for my first time in Chicago, the Best Western was a great value for the location. ($112 a night). Our intent was to find a place that was clean and friendly, nothing fancy or over catered......just a nice place to rest your head after being out and about all day........and Best Western Inn was great. It was clean, beds were of average hotel comfort, the hotel was very quiet and the staff was very helpful and friendly. The only real down sides I think most people will find is that the room is a tad small as is the bathroom. The location is awesome, right in the heart of the Magnificient Mile. The restaurant across the street &quot;The Cambridge House&quot; is perfect for breakfast The food is fast, affordable and most importantly tastes great. Also anyone visiting Chicago has to eat at the &quot;Cheesecake Factory&quot;........best cheescake and the best food I have ever tasted!!Yes this is no 5 star fancy all out hotel, but if your looking for a friendly, clean, simple hotel thats affordable and in a great location, this is a great choice.	
Jun 21 2004	Thanks Best Western Inn of Chicago!	Last weekend was our one year anniversary and my first trip to Chicago. The Best Western Inn of Chicago upgraded us to a beautiful suite on the 22nd floor - completely unexpected! The room was large, clean, and quiet. We had a beautiful view of the city and Lake Michigan. They have a wonderful observation deck as well. We were centrally located well within walking distance to great restaurants, the Miracle Mile, and Navy Pier. The staff was friendly and helpful. We recommend the Best Western Inn of Chicago to anyone who wants quality and value.	
Jun 21 2004	great hotel for the money	We just returned from 4 days at the Best Western Inn of Chicago. I had over-analyzed the reviews on this and other websites prior to booking, but my concerns were put to rest the moment we arrived. Yes the suites, bathrooms and elevators are small - it is an old hotel. But the service was excellent, the hotel was clean, and the location cannot be beat! Just steps from the Magnificent Mile, Navy Pier, restaurants, theatre, shopping... I would recommend this hotel to family and friends, and will definitely be staying there when I return to this beautiful city!	
Jun 20 2004	We loved the hotel and the city of Chicago!	My husband and I just returned from Chicago. We were in town for three nights and stayed at the Best Western. First of all, it is in a great location. We loved being able to walk everywhere. It is extremely close to the Navy Pier. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. We were on the 16th floor. Second of all, the city of Chicago was amazing--everyone was so friendly--we loved our trip! You can walk to the John Hancock building from the hotel. We would absolutely stay here again. 	
Jun 3 2004	Great Value!	My husband and I just returned from the Best Western Inn and we thought it was an excellent value. At $105 per night, which was over the Memorial Holiday weekend, we thought the room was clean, nicely decorated and in an excellent location. The rooms are on the small side, as is the bathroom, but this is the perfect hotel for those who want to stay in a nice, well located hotel and save their money for shopping and dining! Across the street is Cambridge House restaurant, which is a great place for breakfast before heading out for the day. There is also a convenience store across the street and Dunkin' Donuts and Baskin Robbins next door.	
May 27 2004 	Good Price - Great Location	This hotel was a great price and in a perfect location. Short and visually interesting walks to shopping, dining and Navy Pier. The staff were very helpful and friendly, although the front desk seems to be understaffed. I was on the 3rd floor and although the room was small it was clean and sufficient for one or two people. The upper floors were much nicer and the rooms were more up to date. Complaints are: Extremely slow elevators - you could be waiting up to five minutes for one; the stairways were too dark and a little creepy to use; Noise from other rooms and the hallways could be heard clearly from inside your room - I could hear my neighbour's conversations clearly from my room; Ice and pop machines on every floor would definitely be an advantage - especially since the elevators are too slow and the stairways are creepy!Overall this hotel was good for the price and I would stay here again.	
May 20 2004	Mixed Review for a May 2004 Stay	This property has its positives and negatives.On the plus side, the location is wonderful, just 1/2 block from Michigan Ave, 2 blocks from the Wrigley Building and about a 1 mile walk from the entrance of the Navy Pier.Floors 21 and 22 were well appointed and clean. My room 2112 was clean, yet small.Room service arrived quickly and tasty, and the staff were friendly. Lastly, there is a wonderful terrace on the 22nd floor in which you can bring your own lunch, drinks, etc and enjoy the city skyline day or night (open until 10pm). On the negative side, you are reminded it is a Best Western. The water pressure was low, you have to wait for a bellman and front desk person because they are understaffed.My bathroom was small, as in just large enough for 1 person. In addition the windows in my room did not open, so fresh air was a problem. Floors 3-20 need renovating with some floors not looking so clean. Each of the 3 elevators were very small, the public areas were hot (no fresh air circulation), the exterior of the building itself is wonderful but needs a good power washing, ice machines are on every other floor, and noise from the hallway and other rooms was a problem.If you stay here, request a room away from the following: Ice and soda machines, elevators and the entrance to the terrace on the 22nd floor.Bottom line, I paid $105 per night for a king room that was small, yet well appointed. For a budget hotel, if location is more important than a good shower, then so long as you stay on the 21 or 22nd floor the value is wonderful.If however you need service or stay on floors 3-20, I would suggest looking into the Courtyard by Marriott or the Red Roof Inn, both of which have equally good locations and look more refreshing and clean. The property is owned by Shell Hospitality, and on their website it states that the property was renovated in 2003, but other than floors 21 and 22, I did not see where the renovation looked new.	
Feb 27 2004	above average	My husband, daughter and I stayed at the B.W. Inn of Chicago FEb. 20th for 3 nights. As a travel agent I have stayed in many hotels over the years. I read the reviews before booking and was very pleased with this hotel. As other people have stated the staff at this property are very helpful and courtious. We did have a deluxe room, which was very tastefully done, the bathroom was small, but not that small!! There is a little shelf to put your makeup bag on. For the price and location this is a very nice hotel and I would definately stay there again.	
Feb 26 2004	Best Value For A Prime Location	This hotel is not as plush as the Drake or the Four Seasons, but it's in a prime location, just off the Magnificant Mile. The building is quite old (from the 1930's), but has been renovated and has a charming quality about it. The rooms are smaller than average, as are the bathrooms. Most of the rooms have great views of the surrounding cityscape. There is a nice little coffee shop just off the lobby, as well as a cozy little bar. There is a White Hen convenience store just accross the street, and a nice, affordable family-style restraunt next door to that. The location can not be beat. Michigan Avenue is steps away going west, and the lakefront and Navy Pier is just a few blocks to the east. The area is surronded by fabulous restraunts and of course, some of the best shopping IN THE WORLD. The hotel was quite clean, the service was above average, and the price could not be beat. Use your AAA card for discount on room rate. I have stayed at more then 20 hotels in and around the city over the years. For the price and location, this hotel is the best value in the city.	
Jan 19 2004	A pleasant stay for a weekend trip		
Jan 7 2004	Service is amazing		
Dec 30 2003	Excellent! Just a little small		
Oct 27 2003	Wonderful Experience		
Sep 30 2003	Fabulous hotel/Excellent location		
Sep 16 2003	Great location decor price!		
Jul 28 2003	great service		
Mar 10 2003	what bathroom?		
Sep 29 2002	Try it you'll love it!!!		
Jun 27 2002	Excellent Location		
Oct 28 2009 	en plein centre de chicago		
Oct 16 2009 	excellent		
Jul 29 2009 	Un hotel comodo		
Mar 3 2009 	?????????????????		
Feb 8 2009 	?????		
Nov 20 2008 	hotel assez bien - en travaux - mais sans room service - bien placé		
