Nov 9 2009 	Elegant and Sophisticated	Very nice hotel, everything was nice and the staff was very helpful. My only complaint was how exceedingly small my single room was. It worked fine, but there truly was very little room within the room. Oh, and perhaps that is the reason the bed seemed short even for my 5'-4&quot; height?!?	
Oct 23 2009 	Good Room Good Price	I found the hotel to be very clean. The room was small, but well equipped. Internet was available in a business center in the lobby. I was vacationing so this was not a problem for me. The mattress was firm, but that is my preference. I felt it was a great central location and within walking distance of the Chicago Art Museum and the Mag. Mile. On site restaurant was good as well.	
Oct 23 2009 	excelent hotel with free internet laundry gim and drinking water	I would highly recommend you this hotel. It's in really nice location to down town Chicago and rooms are really tidy and modern. I liked big bath room. Free wireless internet and laundry were really nice. They have nice cold drinking water in the hallway. Gim opens 5AM-10 PM. I will definetly come back here!!	
Sep 20 2009 	Service terrible small rooms no internet	I tried them three times and each time they messed up my reservation. Since my flight time gets me to the hotel about midnight there is little room for error - one time they actually checked me and sent me upstairs to a room that hadn't been cleaned. Going back and forth to the lobby after a long day of travel is not my idea of good service. This last time - and it will be the LAST time- I had reserved a studio room, I had called the day of arrival to confirm that they had my reservation correct, was assured that they did, only to arrive at midnight and find that they were completely full and the only room available was a smaller room - which they thought they would charge me the higher rate for. To put a bad punctuation mark on a bad entry there was no internet available in that tiny room. I had not had that problem before, two calls to the front desk and the problem was still NOT resolved by morning. I would NOT recommend this hotel. The beds are pretty hard which some people like.	
Sep 17 2009 	NICE HOTEL	I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of this hotel. A small picture and some customer reviews on the internet didn't seem like much to go on, but it is a very nice place. The location is fabulous. The rooms are small, but not too small. The only thing that was difficult was the showers. The shower head is mounted on the wrong wall of the shower and the water sprays into the room. I kept thinking, is there something I don't understand? But we turned it sideways and we managed. The quality of everything else was great, and the views are the best ever. The restaurant downstairs was very good too. I had one desk clerk go out of his way to help me when internet service was down.	
Sep 5 2009 	Perfect Location terrific value...	Just returned from 1 night at River Hotel/Club Quarters. Not sure whether there are two separate hotels or what, but our reservation was with River Hotel, and we checked in at their desk, but it said Club Quarters near the elevators on the left, which we took to our room. We had requested a river view/Trump-Tower-view room and we got that with no problems; wonderful view from our 18th floor room. The folks who say the rooms are small are correct, but it was fine with us. (We could have upgraded for $15, but we chose not to. We thought our rate of $99 was a great value.The queen bed was very comfortable. There is a comfortable chair near the window, and a chair at the &quot;business&quot; desk. The doorway to the bathroom was quite narrow, so a very large person might not like it. I liked the shower; I don't think I have ever in 40+ years of traveling taken a bath in a hotel bathroom, so who needs a bathtub? The people in the reception area were not overly friendly, but were polite when answering several questions and selling me stamps. Bella Bacina, the restaurant, was excellent; friendly staff and excellent reasonably-priced food. Sitting outside was very nice. We ate dinner there; they also serve breakfast and lunch. Someone mentioned using your room key in the elevator was a hassle, but it's a darn good security measure, so we didn't mind at all.The only other minor negative: there is no fan in the bathroom. Again, not a big deal to us.The location just can't be beat. We walked everywhere.	
Aug 20 2009 	Hotel ok - service not what expected	Booked hotel on Orbitz. Asked for adjoining rooms. Advised to call hotel direct for that. Spoke to Virginia at hotel on 3 separate occasions. She said adjoining rooms weren't available but we could get rooms that were next to each other. Got to hotel early &amp; was told check in was at 3. Went back to hotel at 3:45, only to be told rooms weren't ready. Hotel staff wouldn't promise a room, although we had already paid Orbitz. Hotel staff said we should have booked directly w/the hotel. After lots of frustration and anger we were finally placed in a suite with two BR &amp; two baths. We were traveling with our son, daughter-in-law, two small grandchildren &amp; our daughter. (Had booked a smoking room for her) Once in the suite, we determined it wasn't large enough for all of us. At that point my husband &amp; I were placed in a standard room (had booked a suite), which wasn't next to our family as requested. Our original hotel was Club Quarters. Virginia had moved us to the River Hotel because she said 'It was newer'. Smoking is only allowed at Club Quarters, so we weren't even in the same hotel as our daughter. She couldn't come to our room/hotel &amp; we couldn't go to hers because the elevators are operated by room keys. The next day we tried the hotel's small restaurant for breakfast. Our granddaughter ordered chocolate milk and french toast. We were informed they had no chocolate for the milk and were out of french toast. All in all, it was VERY frustrating for our whole family. Also, when we asked to speak to management on the first day, we were informed that no one was available until Mon. What a mess this turned out to be! We will DEFINITELY never stay at this place again!!	
Aug 17 2009 	Room too small/using room card for elevator	Didnit' care for the size of the room based on room rate of $124.00. Confusing lobby used for both River Hotel and Club Quarters.Did not like using room keycard to use the elevator. Not necessaary since my friend stayed a couple blocks away at the Hyatt Rengency and the elevator ran as expected without using room keycard. Also, she had a bigger room for under $190.00 for thesame night.	
Aug 2 2009	Loved this hotel!	Such a nice, clean, and updated hotel. Our window looked north across the river with the Trump building and the &quot;corn cob&quot; buildings perfectly in view. The hotel staff was attentive and friendly. We were in perfect walking distance for Michigan Ave.	
Jul 19 2009 	Deceptive advertising	This deluxe 2 bedroom suite gives no privacy. There are 2 beds with no doors. When entering the room the bathroom is right in front of you. My husband and I were in the same room with our teenaged girls and no privacy for intimacy.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great location terrible service.	Our recent stay at The River Hotel started off wonderfully due mostly to the very central location of the hotel between Michigan Ave and Wabash along the river. However we quickly realized that our air conditioning wasn't working. I called the desk three times to report this. They did send up an engineer who confirmed that our unit wasn't working and then disappeared without fixing anything and we never saw him again. It made for a very uncomfortable stay, as our room was 80 degrees with no fresh air the entire time. Upon checkout the lady took off one night's charge for valet in order to try to mitigate my disappointment. I would have rather paid the second night of valet and been more comfortable for the weekend. The service was all very friendly but not terribly helpful. We checked in with many bags and were not offered help from the valets or the front desk with carrying the bags or offering a trolly to push them to our room. The price and location were outstanding, but next time I will pay more and stay somewhere more accomodating.	
Jul 11 2009 	Great location	Stayed here for two nights to visit Chicago. It was confusing to find details on the Internet because Club Quarters and River Hotel are both in the same building - not quite sure what the difference is but there were two reception desks. Many attractions, restaurants and bars are within walking distance and the public transport links are good. The room was nice with a huge bed and decent bathroom but there was no place to put your case other than on the ground. No hotel safe either.The check-in staff were mixed, one very friendly and helpful and the other disinterested. Overall I would recommend this hotel for the location and the price.	
Jul 5 2009 	THE BEST	We just returned from two nights in Chicago with a stay at this hotel. We've been to Chicago numerous times, but these accomodations were, by far, the best yet. We had booked on Priceline.com and when I called the hotel to inquire about additional sleeping accomodations because there were four of us...they upgraded us (for just an additional $30 each night) to a suite. The suite was room 410 and room 411 combined. We had two beds, a flip out chair/couch, two refrigerators, two bathrooms, two desks a microwave and PLENTY of room. Although this hotel caters to business travelers, the location and awesome arrangement made for a great family weekend. The room was newly remodeled, and everything was top-notch. The decor was very modern and tasteful. This location, on the corner of Michigan and Wacker really cannot be beat. You are within blocks of the Mag. Mile, a 2 minute walk to the subway, about 10 min. from Navy Pier, a couple of minutes from State Street shopping!!! We arrived early on July 3rd, and were allowed to check-in before noon. On the day we left, they held our luggage so we could walk around and enjoy some shopping before we had to catch the train. Now I feel spoiled, and really won't want to stay any other place when we visit Chicago.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great Views but deceptively uncomfortable	My husband and I stayed an the 31st floor over the weekend and were treated to outstanding views of the Chicago River and surrounding buildings. The room was very clean and seemed newly renovated. We had originally planned to share my in-laws &quot;mini-suite&quot; on the 26th floor. That plan was scrapped when they saw how small the suite actually was. The suite is more like a small alcove studio. The couch folded out into a single bed. We were pleased to move upstairs to a reasonably priced room of our own. The first strange thing that we noticed about the room was that the queen bed was actually two twins pushed together. We would expect this in Europe, but in Chicago it seemed odd. The bump in the middle of the bed was not too imposing and the beds did not slide apart in the middle of the night (which has happened to us in this situation before). The windows in the room let in an enormous amount of light, which was wonderful. Each window had an ominous sticker on it that said 'to operate this window contact the front desk&quot;. The windows seemed to work just fine and we opened them anyway and nothing catastrophic happened. The room had a dorm size refrigerator and a microwave which was awesome for storing left overs from dinner and chilling wine. The desk was roomy and seemed like it would be a perfect work space. The bathroom was very clean and new but it had the most bizarre shower I have ever seen in an American hotel. There was no tub (which did not bother me too much). The shower head was the kind with the hose attached. This was mounted on the long wall of the shower rather than the short end as it would normally be. The floor of the shower was the tile floor of the bathroom, separated into a &quot;shower section&quot; with a short rubber tube. The shower curtain was not long enough to reach the floor and so when you turned on the shower, the entire room was flooded with water. We quickly exhausted our ration of two bath towels, on hand towel, one wash cloth and one fabric floor mat. This made it dangerous to use a hair dryer in the room because you would likely be standing in a puddle. The only way that we could prevent this was to take team showers, one spraying the other (much like bathing a dog) being careful to direct the water into the drain. This sounds horrible, but it was so funny that we didn't care too much. The counters in the bathroom were very small which was unfortunate because that was the only spot in the room for make up and hair prep. The desk was a big space but it had no nearby mirror and the full length mirror near the closet had no nearby surface to hold primping supplies. We both commented that it seemed that the designer had not thought about what would be needed if you were actually going to be getting ready for something in this room. All in all, it seemed like this room was meant for one male business traveler who didn't use a lot of hair products. I would still recommend this hotel for couples (so long as you are not too persnickety) because the building is extraordinary and the views from the spire are romantic. The restaurant on the first floor has good food (though the service is as slow as a slug in molasses) and was fairly priced. There are laundry facilities in the hotel (that appear to be free) and cute bottled water dispensers on a few floors. There is a free computer lab on the first floor which we used quite a bit for information and for checking into our flight. The staff was extremely friendly and they removed a mistaken charge from our bill at my first request. We would definitely stay here again but we don't think that this hotel is for everyone.	
Jun 24 2009 	Awesome green hotel on the river	Ive stayed in many hotels in Chicago, and this was a delightful find. Conveniently located on Wacker Dr, right on the river, this hotel is both eco-friendly and business savvy. It's got hookups for my laptop to the LCD tv, late checkout, comfortable beds, mini-fridge and microwave, dark wood furniture, and modern feel. For the money, this was a steal. Rooms and bathrooms were well appointed and immaculately clean. All rooms are newly renovated, so check this one out.	
Jun 17 2009 	Poor Value for Money and Tiny Tiny Room	River Hotel is priced like most Chicago hotels - expensive - almost 200/night, but doesn't deliver anywhere near the service expected for that service. Most disappointing was the room - it was barely could fit in the queen bed that was in there. Its almost as if they cut the rooms in half some time ago to maximize occupancy. It was evident this is what they did as the the dividers between rooms were paper thin - I could here everything happening in the next room including people talking.Most motel chains like Best Westerns etc. have better room size so go there for a 1/3 of the money. Or spend the 200/night and go somewhere else.Further the maid service people knocked at my door around noon - I asked them to come back - they never did.	
May 28 2009 	Convenient hotel at a great value	My wife and I stayed at the Club Quarters for the first couple of nights of our honeymoon. I realize that some say the hotel is not suitable for more than one person, but we found that we were EXTREMELY comfortable. The hallways were quiet and peaceful, there was very secure access to our room, and the staff was overly hospitable. They were cordial, understanding, and cheerful.This is definitely a business class hotel, but this shouldn't deter anyone else from staying. The location is superb--walk out of the lobby, and right onto Wacker Drive, overlooking the beautiful Chicago River and the new Trump International Tower. Everything worth looking at (which is plenty!) is within a very comfortable walking distance.The value was great too. We booked it on Priceline, and were not sure what to expect. We are very satisfied, and would for sure stay again.The one problem we had was kind of funny...we woke up after our first night to a distant marching band playing on Michigan Avenue...it was the unexpected (for us!) Memorial Day Parade.I highly recommend Club Quarters--Michigan at Wacker!	
May 21 2009 	Club Quarters is my new favourite Chicago Hotel	location - can't do better than this - just off Michigan Ave and straddling the Loop and Magnificent Mile plus there is a fabulous Italian Restaurant on sitePrice - very competitiveRooms - fine - some great viewshistory - one of Chicago's really interesting and historic buildings - stay in the tower overlooking the riverfor business - great board rooms and plenty of computer stations (never a line up) and free printingstaff - very goodbeds - not the same comfort that you'd get at the Hilton	
Apr 12 2009 	the dirtiest place ever	The floors have not seen a vacuum cleaner for years, the garbage bin is overfull and the coffee machine still had the filter of the previous guest in.	
Apr 10 2009 	The Place Needs a Remodel...Especially the Rooms.	I travel for work so my expectations of a hotel are pretty minimal- clean, moderately friendly, good local. This hotel was in a decent location, but a little further from the convention center than I would have liked, however that is not their issue. The building itself was a beautiful, old hotel that has been supposedly renovated, however I think that might have been in the 70s. In general everything, especially the furniture, is beat up. I was prepared for small rooms, and that was not so bad. The good news is that the view from the 35th floor was gorgeous. Unfortunately that is the only nice thing about the room. The bedding and furniture were terribly beat up. I really question how sanitary their bedding was. The HVAC in my room was so bad that I had to open all 4 windows, even in the snow storm, and I'm from the south. The halls and room had a musty odor. The carpet was stained and burned, as was the curtains.The television worked intermittently for half the channels. It had not been dusted since possibly when it was purchased sometime in the 80's (small old tv). The walls could have used a coat of paint (room and hall).The fitness center was almost nonexistent and 1 of the 2 treadmills was broken.The wireless internet had an inconsistent signal.The staff service was average, except in the restaurant. I was pretty excited about the restaurant based on a review I read, however I did not have consistent experiences. I ate there for breakfast one morning, and the service was absolutely atrocious. I had to BEG for seconds and thirds on coffee, and the frustrating thing was that I was sitting in the path of traffic back &amp; forth to the kitchen so you think someone would have noticed. I sat in the same spot for dinner and it might as well been a different restaurant because the food was pretty good, and the service was AMAZING.So all in all, it wasn't the worst trip, but I would definitely pay slightly more to stay at a better hotel, and will never try this brand again.	
Apr 8 2009 	Great location great service	We stayed at the Club Quarters on Wacker the first weekend in April. We were in tower room 3302. Wasn't sure what to expect, but the service was great from the start. The front desk offered to make any dinner reservations we needed. We took them up on it later in our stay with no problems. We also requested extra pillows and extra towels (on two different days) and they were both quickly delivered to us. The room was a bit small, but more than adequate. The tower only has 3 rooms per floor. It is a true tower, look at the top of the building when you go outside and you'll see what I mean. I didn't hear any other guests and liked the feeling of a bit more privacy, since there were only 3 rooms. We had a riverview and could also see the Field Museum and Soldier Field from one of our windows, which was pretty neat. The beds were very comfortable. The hotel is still renovating some of it's lower floors, but didn't hear any noise. The only bummer is that the club room wasn't finished yet. It will have coffee and tea available all of the time, plus computers that guests can use. They currently have 2 computers available in the lobby, and I had no problem printing out our boarding passes. The Corner Bakery is just 2 businesses over, great for breakfast, lunch or dinner. And McCormick and Schmicks is just a block away and they have great happy hour specials M-F, $1.95-$4.95 appetizers. We were very close to the trains (2 blocks) and to Michigan Avenue (1 block). Location was right in the heart of everything.We would definitely stay at Club Quarters again.	
Mar 26 2009 	Perfect for Solo Traveler	This was my first stay at a Club Quarters and it was great. As with any hotel, know what YOU need to be happy. For me, this was the perfect hotel for a solo trip. I was attending a conference held at another hotel nearby that actually wanted more than twice the price for a room. The building was built in the 1920s and little touches still show that - marble in unexpected places, small elevators. My room was small, yes, but everything was clean and in good condition - nice bed linens, nice carpet and wall covering, attractive furniture. I had a bed, two night tables, an armchair, and a wall-mounted TV. And a superb little desk with an ergonomic chair. That's what made me happiest - a work space where I could actually work! Lots of natural light, good bright desk lamp, plenty of outlets, a dictionary and thesaurus, and free wireless internet!! (This is not a standard feature at many other hotels in the area.) Also, the lobby has two computers, a printer, and fax, and even though they're not the newest, fastest models, just having that free access is another big bonus. The room was on the front of the building and had a nice view of the canal. The bathroom had a large walk-in shower with a shower head that adjusts every way imaginable. (If you require a tub, you might be disappointed, but I was fine.) The bathroom also had an easy-to-figure-out heater that made it nice and toasty. There was only one problem the first morning, a hairline crack in the shower head that allowed water to drip out. I let the front desk know. Not only did they offer to move me to another room if I wanted (which I didn't, the room was fine otherwise!) but I gave them my schedule and they had the maintenance guys in to fix it while I was gone from the room so there was no inconvenience. As so many other reviews mention, there is a fill-your-own-bottle water station by the elevator (they provide bottles). There is also a courtesy closet if you just want to grab an extra towel or pillow. If you're used to being waited on hand and foot, this might be off-putting, but I love the freedom of just walking down the hall and getting whatever I need whenever I need it. In the room, there was also a little fridge and microwave, though I think that varies room to room. If you want a taxi or help with your bags, they can take care of that. I prefer to walk, and there are several good places to eat within a one-block radius, including an Italian-style restaurant essentially attached to the hotel. Other quick notes: construction crews are doing some work on the lower floors, which I didn't even notice until I took the stairs and smelled the paint. There are only 2 elevators - so don't be in a hurry. I didn't use the fitness equipment, which I think is in the basement.	
Mar 14 2009 	Great Location European size rooms clean and functional	This is located by wacker and michigan its a very good location, theres restaurants within close walking distance. Walls are too thin between rooms, I can actually hear the guy next door snore. Room fixtures are basic. Small rooms but adequate. Free bottled water unlimited - great! They should have these plastic bottles recycled though. Free wireless connectionBooked through booking.com and paid 95 dollars total for a night. if there are other hotels in the area with lower or comparable price, I might choose the other. If not then I can live with this hotel.	
Mar 3 2009 	Perfect for a solo business traveler	This hotel is in a great location-right near Michigan Avenue and all that offers. I stayed in a club size room on a recent business trip and it was perfect for what I needed. The room was on the smaller side, but I didn't need a lot of space. The small window offered a great view of the Chicago River. The internet worked well enough-my only complaint was that the TV couldn't swivel to face the bed (though I don't think that's a problem with all room setups.) The staff was very friendly and helpful in answering my questions, and the parking was close enough. All in all, a great room if you don't need a ton of luxury or space.	
Jan 28 2009 	You Can Do better.	I feel that this wasn't really a hotel and I would have left if I could have. The staff was pleasant and very helpful but couldn't overcome the basic design flaws and upkeep.No way this place deserves 3.5 stars on Hotwire's rating system. The price of $75 was a rip-off.We were in room 3303, a corner riverview with a king. Several people at differrent times said this was one of the really good rooms.-Shear curtains were shredded, heavy curtains had smoke and burn marks. This was a non-smoking room-The king bed had a flat queen bottom sheet that you couldn't tuck in, it barely covered the mattress. That was the largest sheet they had.-No regular coffee, just decaf. I asked for regular and they brought it but took the decaf with them.-No luggage stand, they said the room was too small for one. They brought it up and they were almost right. Smallest room I've ever seen other than a Microtel. Just barely larger.The TV was tiny and in the farthest possible spot, no ,way to view from bed. I've seem better tv's at Red Roof.I coild go on but suffice it to say---NO. If this place was that cheap on Hotwire, I should have gone for the 4-Star for $5 a night more. I've rented 3.5-Star rooms before and got the Hyatt. I'll never do a 3.5-Star room again, afraid I'll get stuck here.	
Jan 21 2009 	OK but...	nice enough...check-in dude acted like he was doing me a big favor giving me a king-size bed, as they were out of queens. Woo-hoo! If I had made my own reservation, instead of our company picking this place for us, I would have got this as a matter of course... No tub, just shower; old tube tv. Was cold close to window. One light by bed didn't work, stopper in sink wouldn't stay stopped, and shower head had a leak in back, squirting water in reverse....what left bad impression (and was the last interaction I had with staff) was when I was checking out, I wanted to tell person behind desk about these things that needed fixing, and *she did not even interrupt her conversation with her colleague or even LOOK at me while she handed me my receipt*. I -did- interrupt her to tell her.....but no &quot;how was your stay/ how was the room/thank you and we'll see you next time&quot;. It's a shame that the art of recognizing a customer (hint: LOOK AT him/her!) does not seem to be part of the training here. The fact that I feel strongly enough to post this review should be an indicator that customers value people skills! and deplore their absence in a person employed in a service industry!	
Dec 17 2008 	A decent room at a decent price in a great location.	In terms of location, Club Quarters on Wacker can hardly be beat. It's right near Michigan Avenue and the Magnificent Mile and most of the rooms have great views of the Chicago River and its landmark buildings -- the upper floors give a view of the Lake. The rooms are on the small size, but very clean and quiet. My room had only a shower stall and no tub (but I only take a shower anyhow). The price was very good indeed, and I checked in and out without a glitch.Bella Bacino's, the restaurant on the ground floor, offered excellent Chicago-style pizza and interesting beers on tap. Yum!!A couple negatives: the Wi-Fi was weak and intermittent. No sort of breakfast is offered, which I don't really see as a problem -- but I wanted to get a cup of coffee on my way out to my conference in the morning and they were out at the moment. Grrr -- must have coffee!But overall it was a good experience and I would recommend it. You're not paying anything near a luxury price, so don't expect luxury -- just a decent room in a great location.	
Nov 14 2008 	Great location nice room	Best thing about the hotel is its location. You're a 90 second walk from Michigan Avenue.The parking is not bad for a downtown Chicago hotel. There is valet service or self-parking. The garage is just north of Michigan Avenue and takes fewer than three minute walk.The Chicago L station is less than a ten minute walk.Our room was small, but nicely appointed. Free wireless access was appreciated. Bed was average and bathroom was clean. Room was pretty dark when the curtains were closed.Staff was friendly. They brought up a luggage cart when we left and delivered toothbrushes when we realized we forgot to pack them.Some things to keep in mind that some may see as negatives, but didn't really bother me because we were there just to sleep.This isn't a full-service hotel.* there's not a convenient circular drive to drive up your car where a bellmen will greet you and take your bags* there is no conceriege service* the lobby is miniscule so checked bags are not readily available (given space constraints)There are only four elevators for this 20+ floor hotel. One was not working the morning we left, so there was a very, very long wait.Signs were present noting their environmental concerns. We hanged the towels as directed, but they were still swapped out, rather than allowing us to reuse them. I hate that.All in all, if you're looking for a moderately priced hotel in downtown Chicago that is close to Michigan Avenue with relatively easy access to parking and the L, this is the place for you.If you're looking for a snazzy business or conference hotel, this will likely disappoint you.	
Nov 13 2008 	Wonderful hotel!	This hotel is conveniently located along Wacker and is close to a few subway stops. Depending on the room you get (we got 1804), you can get gorgeous views of Lake Michigan.When we arrived at 12pm, staff were friendly and we got our room straight away. There are two elevators that cater the higher levels, so be prepared to wait a while if there is a lot of traffic.The room itself was standard; clean, not particularly spacious, shower only, working TV, toiletries, coffee and free internet. The queen bed was comfortable.For $100, it wasn't a bad deal.	
Oct 23 2008 	Noisy hotel	I stayed at the hotel three nights. I was very disappointed by the level of noise at night. The doors were EXTREMLY loud. I could not get to sleep my second night there because I heard doors shut the entire night. I was on the 25th floor. In addition to the noise, the hotel somehow lost my reservation in their system and I had to escalate the issue all the way up to management to get it resolved. It wasn't easy. I will never stay at a Club Quarters hotel again.	
Aug 1 2008 	Excellent location	Perfect hotel for a single female traveller. The hotel was clean, convenient, and steps away from major attractions. Easy to access by public transportation. The room is smaller than average, but not too small, and the perfect size for a traveller who is not planning on spending much time in the hotel room anyway. Computers with internet access a plus. Friendly staff. The only gripe I had was the elevators...there are only two of them, so visitors can wait a while for them to arrive.	
Jul 20 2008 	overpriced for what you get	My husband son and I booked this hotel through the recommendation of my brother who was getting married at the aon center. I booked a room that said it had 2 double beds .When we arrived we found the 2 doubl beds to be two beds pushed together in a room that seemed to be a little bit bigger than a closet. The room we were assigne d never did cool off and with the weather outside being so hot and humid outside it became a huge issue. They eventually gave us another room witch was muchj cooler a slightly larger than the one we had before.The elevator issue really bugged me. It took forever to swipe your card to get the elevator moving. I did like the location because we could just park in a parking garage and then walk or take public transportation if we wanted. Also the desk clerk we dealt with was very helpful. I could not really stand the small rooms so I do not think I would stay there again.	
Jul 18 2008 	Perfect Location !!	This hotel is in a perfect location to downtown Chicago - couldn't ask for better!The public transportation/train system is excellent and the hotel is a short 5-10 minute walk to many of the lines.I took the train from O'Hare and it was super easy !My room was a basic Club Quarters room - standard amenities.The staff was very friendly and helpful.I would most definately stay there again on my next trip to Chicago -	
Jun 15 2008 	Materialistic people just don't get it!	I read the reviews of some folks that have stayed at this location and can't help but disagree with what has been said. I was booked at this location by way of a seminar I was attending and this was all that was available given that some big conference was happening and that all of the fancy schmancy locations were sold out. Frankly ........... I thought the worst.Yes the rooms are a little on the small side but well big enough to sleep and get some rest. This was not a problem for me as the condition of the rooms are very first class with regard to the remodeled detailsThere was a beautiful view of the river and Michigan Ave. as well as the Trump hotel for me. The best part was that the room, though facing Wacker, was quiet, the was bed comfortable, the air conditioning was accurate and held tempurature. the TV (though with a kind of small screen) worked fine, and the elevators, for my stay at least, were quick and efficient.There are plenty of places to eat in and around this location so for those that expect genuflecting from the bell staff by calling room service, instead of complaining about the small stuff, maybe you who lament need to get out and get some exercise/fresh air. The location is primo ........ you should take advantage of the change to get some increase in your heart rate.I didn't expect to like this location initially but left with a high regard for what was there and how it was presented. Even the &quot;bottled water&quot; that some complain about was a nice touch. They didn't have to provide that service and I liked the idea that at least someone thought out of the box.I totally recommend this hotel to those of you that like a nice spot in a good location but are not hung up on suite type rooms that are far bigger than you need nor are necessary to have your ego or corporate power demonstrated. A quiet, comfortable bed and a place to clean up for the day ahead .........what more is necessary?Club Quarters was very close to five stars in my book.	
Jun 8 2008 	Great Deal for Downtown Chicago	We stayed at the Club Quarters for 4 nights at the end of May. We had a very good experience. Hotel is steps from Michigan Avenue and the start of the Magnificent Mile. It is only a few blocks from such attractions as the John Hancock building, Millenium Park, Wendella Boat Tours, and the Chicago Theater District. We had a great view of the Chicago River and the Trump International tower from our hotel room. Rooms were a tad small, but it wasn't as bad as some let on. The water bottle/water dispensers on every floor were handy and innovative. They have a room on every floor that has extra pillows, blankets, toiletries, etc. for your stay. It was quiet, efficient, and great. We also had a night where we ate at the restaurant in the hotel - Bella Bacino's. Very tasty and well priced! Great find, reasonable rates, convenient location!	
Jun 4 2008	Ok hotel	Great location! That is the best part. The rooms are small - but who cares, you're not in Chicago to hang out in your room. The bathroom was very clean, and the shower had great pressure. The air conditioning was also good. Also, this hotel was affordable.Here comes the bad news - the duvet stunk terribly like B.O.! Give you the gag reflex stinky. The elevator wait time is long. The front desk staff seem to not have a clue about Chicago. When we asked for tips on a good sports bar, they could only provide &quot;ESPN&quot;. Luckily, a friend recommended Mother Hubbards so we were able to get a better feel for true Chicago. The bar/resturant attached is SLOW to bring you a new drink when you run dry. Buzz kill.	
Jun 3 2008 	Great Location and for business	Couldn't ask for a much better location if you want to stay in downtown Chicago and be able to walk around.PROS=============- Fantastic location. Right next to Michigan Ave. Bridge with the Wrigley Building right across the river.- Very affordable given the location. (Of course, we went for the 4th of July and this is a business hotel chain.)- Cheap and tasty place to have breakfast just outside the hotel. (Corner Bakery Cafe)- Don't need a car if you plan to stay in Chicago. Close to lots of transit.CONS=============- My wife and I went to Chicago for our honeymoon. Loved the town, but this hotel is not the most romantic.- Somewhat spartan accommodations	
May 29 2008 	Reasonably priced hotel with a facade of luxury	The Club Quarters, Wacker @ Michigan is a classic downtown property that provides a budget-priced experience (for members, at least) in a convenient location. Unfortunately the hotel itself isn't fantastic and has some significant drawbacks even for business travelers. Read on for more...LOCATION: The hotel is located on the southern bank of the river, less than a block off of Michigan Avenue. With easy access to the El (CTA) trains from the State terminal, and the main business district within a 2 minute walk, the hotel is perfectly situated for business or pleasure travelers, whatever your goals in downtown Chicago.ROOMS: The rooms are basically postage stamps. Long and narrow, with the bathroom at one end and a single window facing the world on the other, the bed(s) fill nearly the width of the room. Each has two nightstands and a desk/workstation with a pull-out laptop desk. The TV is mounted above the work area, pointed generally at the bed. The bathroom contains a curtained shower stall, not a full tub.AMENITIES: Club Quarters certainly strives to provide a sense of luxury and up-scale hospitality, but the results are half-hearted at best. Many floors offer &quot;bottled water&quot; complimentary in the elevator lobby -- however, their definition of &quot;bottled water&quot; is providing empty bottles which you can fill from a dispenser installed in the wall. All rooms have wireless internet, but it is 802.11B for the geeks out there -- which is to say rather slow. Their coverage and external Internet connection is pretty spotty as well, as even when signal is available, Internet access is terribly slow. The main lobby seems particularly afflicted. While there is an Italian restaurant attached to the hotel at street level, it stops serving at 10:00 PM. The only food options to be had in the late evening are take-out from nearby restaurants, which the hotel will charge $2.50 to deliver to your room. Unfortunately, the mid-week operating times listed in their foodservice menu seem to be out-of-date, and the two Asian style restaurants I called would not deliver at 9:30 PM, even though they were advertised to be open until 10:30 or later.STAFF: The staff was generally personable, but seemed more concerned with security than guest services. The building seems to host offices on the side opposite the hotel rooms, and so lobby staff accost you for a room key or luggage check tag anytime you walk through the front door. Considering that you need a keycard to activate the elevators at all, this is a level of paranoia that seems somewhat misplaced. Nonetheless, they effectively addressed the one issue I encountered during my stay, and were generally pleasant if not overly service-oriented.Overall, this is basically a place to sleep... Their great downtown location is by far their largest asset, and the room was clean and comfortable, even if cramped. If you're planning to not spend much time in your room, this would be a great place to base out of for a business or leisure trip. If you're planning to work from your hotel room, or need to use the hotel as more than just a shower and bed, you might want to try one of the larger chains in the area. At Club Quarters, you will definitely get exactly what you pay for... which is to say possibly enough, but definitely less than with a major Chicago hotel.	
May 23 2008	Decent Good Price Not Stellar	This is a decent hotel for business travelers. A very nice feature is the nice business center and free use of the printer. However, the printer was broken for much of my stay and the wi-fi is weak if you stay in the towers. Also, the staff are very hit-or-miss. I firmly believe that you shouldn't judge the quality of a hotel based on interaction with one or two staff, but many of the staff were unwelcoming and treated guests as if they were a hassle.The rooms are small, but adequate. The price is reasonable. The location is really very nice...just off the magnificent mile. You can walk to everything.	
May 1 2008 	Too many issues	We wouldn't stay here again and will recommend our company not continue membership here. The front desk staff, one man in particular, was down right rude. Another lady had such a heavy accent it was hard to communicate. One guy at night was good but one out of three isn't good enough for us. They have a weird card swiping thing you have to do in the elevator to get to punch in your floor. If you don't swipe your card correctly you end up going up and down again until you can try again. MANY people were complaining about that. Only 2 elevators for a 34 floor hotel made us spend far too much time waiting when we needed an elevator. We had a suite which was purely just the name, It was TINY. The hotel overall was hot. we had to have our windows open. We asked 3 times to have it checked and it never was cool so I guess that's an old building for you.  The only good feature was that it was VERY quiet on the upper floors and it's a good location for us. The business 'center' was good but it was BLAZING hot up there. Too many issues here, to get us to go back or to recommend this place.	
Apr 26 2008 	Club Quarters W@M was a great experience	My Wife and I stayed here this past weekend. I booked on Travelocity after missing out on the price I was after for the Courtyard River North. I wasn't sure what to expect after reading so many mixed reviews, but we were very pleased with this hotel for how we used it - to sleep in and shower and dress for the day/evening.We were on the 16th floor and had a beautiful view of the river, the Trump Tower and the Wrigley Building. The room was smaller than most places we've stayed before, but the price we got it for more than made up for that (around $85 a night with a flight/hotel package). A good description for it would be that it was reminiscent of London hotels, if any of you have ever experienced hotels across the pond. I do think that this may have been a little larger than that, but it reminded us so much of them. The bathroom had a spacious stand-in shower and a smallish sink/countertop. Plenty of room for what we needed.This is primarily a business traveler's hotel. The only furniture in it was the two nightstands, the bed, a chair with a foldout laptop desk on the side and then a small dresser with the TV by it.This hotel is kind of quirky in that one side of the hotel stays cold while the other can't catch up, no matter what temperature you set on your thermostat. It did bother us one night, but with it being April, we had the maintenance man open the windows for us and it was very pleasant. This would've been quite a problem in the summer. If you have to stay in the summertime, I would recommend asking for a room on the cooler side.I had read horror stories about the elevators and them taking extraordinarily long times. We never encountered this, but I do wonder if it's because we weren't there in the middle of peak tourist season. You have to swipe your room key to get to get the lobby elevator in motion... I like that feature.By each floor's elevators, they have racks of empty plastic bottles above a pure, cool water dispenser. This was a VERY nice feature that I have never encountered before. It was great in April and I can only imagine how great it would've been in July.The hotel is in a truly magnificent (pun intended) location. You are on the same block as a Walgreen's if you forget any toiletries or need any medication, etc. And, you are only 3 or 4 blocks from the Loop trains (about 6 or 7 from the Blue Line to and from O'Hare). And, of course, you are within a stone's throw of North Michigan Avenue and all that it entails. You are also just a few blocks from the theater district, the business district and Marshall Field's, etc. All in all, this hotel was an incredible buy for what we needed it for and for the time in which we were there. The temperature issue would be HUGE in the hotter months. I would stay here again in a heartbeat, especially in the cooler months.	
Mar 16 2008 	Confined to quarters	Working in Chicago the Club Quarters on Wacker was notably cheap on my company travel agents list and it was local to where I would be working so I tried it.The building is quite impressive upon arrival - a grand old brownstone building with polished brass appointments.Check in staff were very friendly and efficient.The room was very disappointingly small: it was too small really to work in comfortably. However there's free wireless and a small desk to work at.I had to keep the curtains drawn all the time because the window was not double glazed and felt like it was open, such was the loss of heat through it to the Chicago winter outside. Not great.Bed was comfortable. Coffee machine but no minibar, which wasn't very convenient.There is an Italian themed restaurant : Bacino's : just outside the foyer that serves as a hotel restaurant. Food was OK , atmosphere and service quite, quite excellent in the evening. An oddity was that I wanted to hire a conference room during my stay and I had to contact the catering manager at Bela Bacino's.. ... I was unsuccessful, and had to meet my customer in another hotel instead.Finally I had to check out early and found an early checkout charge. Fair enough I guess, but that's the first time I have ever encountered this is a business hotel.It was an OK stay, but with so many better , more spacious hotels available in Chicago I see no reason to stay there again.	
Mar 14 2008 	Convenient and reasonable	I stayed here for three days while working on a book about Chicago. The location is perfect, on the north end of the Loop and foot of the Mag Mile, buses at the door and the el just a few blocks away. I had a Tower room (just 2 on the floor and the other was empty) so it was very quiet. Staff was friendly and efficient. Housekeeping forgot to service my room one day but a call to the desk brought a housekeeper within minutes. Free WiFi throughout the hotel and a good business center. Strongly recommended for business travelers, good for couples or singles, OK for families with older kids.	
Mar 6 2008	Great Stay!	Stayed at Club Quarters this February. The rooms are small but the great staff and location makes up for it. Got great recommendations from Virginia and Kevin at the reception. Will be back!	
Feb 19 2008 	hated it-- it was like sleeping in dorm	this room was the size of a dorm room,The room was not clean, headboard had hand print all over it as if somebody had gotten busy and they use the headboard to hold on(if you know what i mean) the floor hadn't beeen vaccum,the bathroom floor had hair on it and when we call for housekeeping the guy didn't know when the room was clean. the front desk assistance just apologize but did nothing, we was on the 20th floor, we wanted some ice we had to go back to the basement to get ice and not too mention only one elevator was working. it would had been nice if they could have told us at check in the ice was in the basement, and last but not least the valet parking was $36.00. (but after my husband and went out on the town when we came bck at midnight the guy at the desk was more helpful, he moved us to another room and offered us a late check out, would i ever stay there again the answer is NO, the young man that worked the midnight shift was awsome.(he put us in another room on the 38th floor) Tina Frazier	
Feb 12 2008 	Good Room at a Reasonable Rate	My husband and I stayed here Wed. through Sun. last week. Previous reviewers complained about the thin walls and small rooms, but we found our room to be fine for two people. Our room was right off of the elevator and the only time we heard people was through the door. I know we had a neighbor, but we never heard anything through the walls. The free cold bottled water in the hallways is a great idea. You do have to go to the basement to get ice though. Room was clean and bed was comfortable. The Italian restaurant downstairs was tasty and reasonable. There is a Corner Bakery a few doors down which is great for breakfast. Booking with Hotels.com gave us a very reasonable rate for a hotel just half a block from Michigan Ave. and a few blocks from the Red and Brown lines. A very easy walk to the Art Institute and Millenium Park.	
Jan 7 2008	Small room but nice	I booked this hotel in August '07 for a weekend baseball series between the Red Sox and White Sox. I was very satisfied with the amenities of the club sized room (bed and bathroom) but it was small. The only problem I had is that the walls were thin and unfortunately early Saturday morning I had to hear a couple having sexual intercourse for 30 minutes which interrupted my sleep. Other than that, this hotel is highly recommended.	
Dec 21 2007 	Great Value	We booked the room for $100 on PriceLine.com. Unless you're a Club Quarters Member, PriceLine is the only way to get into this hotel.It's right across the river from the Wrigley building with valet parking and a small on-street lot right next door if you choose to park yourself ($35 overnight).The hotel has a business lounge with four computers with Internet so if you're coming to town for a non-business trip, you don't have to bring along your own computer.Our room had a queen bed, a desk with a few drawers for your clothes, closet, small refrigerator with TV on top, bedside tables, lounge chair/ottoman.The bathroom had a shower, with no tub, but who takes a bath at a hotel anyway. The sink had a large enough counter to hold all of our toiletries and the hair dryer is attached to the wall as in most hotels. If you need an ironing board and iron, it can be found in the closet in hallway outside of the room. My husband always needs lots of pillows so he called down to the front desk and they brought up more.I would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 10 2007 	Convenient great place great price	Needed to stay downtown for business meetings, and found Club Quarters (usually a member-only hotel) available online at a great price. While the room was a little smaller than others I've had downtown, the location was great, the room was clean, quiet and in pristine shape, and the bar downstairs was very friendly and convenient. Great place to stay.	
Dec 6 2007 	Cavelike dirty room on the cheap	My room wasn't clean and there were stains/unmentionables on the comforter. The room and bathroom were miniscule (which I normally don't care about if the room is clean). I booked through Hotwire, got a smoking room and wasn't able to switch to nonsmoking. The tables actually had burn marks in them and I had to wash all of my clothing when I got home because everything reeked of cigarette smoke from the room. Only thing going for this place is location (although the neighborhood is dead at night) and the cheap price. Ok if you're looking for a cheap place to crash after a night of heavy drinking, but you might not want to be there for the hangover ;)	
Dec 2 2007 	nice hotel for a great price	We stayed at Club Quarters in December.We were in town for the weekend to see Wicked.Its a very nice hotel in a great location. We were one block off of Michigan Ave and about 5 blocks from the theater district.If you're looking for a high end hotel this is not the hotel for you Yes the rooms are small but how long are you really in your room?The rooms were clean and thats really most important.When we arrived at 1230pm we were able to check in.We were told we could valet park for $36.00 or for $20.00 we could park for a 24 hour time limit in a parking garage right down the street.We opted for the $20.00 option. MAKE SURE YOU GET A TICKET!!!My husband did not get a ticket at the parking garage and when he inquired about it at the office in the parking garage the girl told him not to worry about it.Well on Sunday morning when he tried to get our car back it was an issue. You have to have a ticket to be able to get your car back. After about 15 minutes the issue was resolved and we got our car back.The entire staff was very helpful including the doorman. He was very helpful in getting us a cab. He ran down at least a block and flagged down a cab, he got in the cab with the driver and came back to the hotel so we could get our cab. It was a very nice thing to do considering the day we were there it was sleeting and raining and everyone in chicago was trying to get a cab at the same time.After reading all the bad reports on his hotel we were debating on switching to a different hotel.We never waited for an elevator, the rooms were clean, the location was great.Im glad we stayed here. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a resonable priced hotel near Michigan Ave.	
Dec 1 2007 	Excellent Hotel great location friendly staff!	Stayed at Club Quarters Wacker at Michigan from Nov. 28-30 2007. EXCELLENT LOCATION, right off the Mag. Mile. Hotel staff was very friendly, and the housekeeper staff was equally as professional. This is mostly a business hotel, which is great, because no noisy children, and rowdy college kids, very quiet hotel. Although the rooms are small, is very cozy, and all amentias worked fine.There is a doorman out front which keeps out some of the street people from filtering in, as most of the big cities hotel have. Secure and safe location, &quot;El&quot; station right around the corner (State &amp; Lake Stop). I would stay here again. I can really think of nothing negative to say. Bottom line... great 3 star hotel, safe area, good location.	
Oct 9 2007 	A great stay	The Wacker is a great hotel ideally situated in downtown Chicago with nice views, clean rooms and friendly staff. The rates were also decent.	
Oct 8 2007 	Definitely not worth the money	The &quot;Executive&quot; room was tiny - barely room to walk around the bed to get to the window. The wireless internet access didn't work. The TV remote didn't work (it was broken on the TV end). And those are the only two amenities. The elevators are finicky and you have to press the buttons just right to get them to work. To get to the gym or vending machines, you take two separate elevators into a creepy, gross, dirty basement. (One is the freight elevator.)When I asked for a rate reduction because of the problems, first I was scolded by the front desk clerk who said I should have reported the TV problem the night before. (I had - they couldn't fix it.) She also said the wireless had been down for 2 days (not mentioned when i checked in, however.) Then she said they wouldn't adjust the rate (over $200!) because I had booked online, via Hotels.com. Hotels.com will only offer &quot;hotel bucks&quot; towards a future booking, but i can't imagine using them ever again, knowing that hotels don't provide the same level of customer service as they do if you book direct.	
Sep 30 2007 	Adorable Hotel!	I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to Chicago. It is not just cost friendly but also a very nice up to date hotel. The rooms were small - so dont expect a lot of space (although I was in the smallest room available) - but the room had down comforters - very comfortable beds - a nice desk - a clean bathroom with a large shower. The staff was friendly and the restuarant was expensive but very good. The hotel is in a great location - close enough to walk to the pier and close to all your shopping. Dont expect a lot of room- this is more of a city hotel- but a very nice city hotel.	
Sep 29 2007	Good Location with a few drawbacks	I stayed at this hotel for two nights while visiting Chicago on business in September 2007. The location is excellent being between the financial district and the Magnificent Mile. However, the elevators simply do not work properly, and it is not the place to stay should you need to get to and from your room quickly or frequently. I saw several customers have trouble getting to their rooms, and the front desk staff were nonchalant, and would not even allow customers to take the stairs. (This is obviously a persistent problem.) Nevertheless, it is probably good value for your money, and in a good location.	
Jul 11 2007 	Great Location wonderful hotel	We loved this hotel! The location was excellent. Easy walking to Navy Pier, Magnificient Mile, and tons of restaurants! Hotel was clean and the staff was so friendly. They have computers on the second floor with free high speed internet also. The only downfall is that it is a highrise and there are only two elevators. They are very slow. Sometimes I would have to wait 5 minutes or so for an elevator. That is really irritating if you forgot something and wanted to run back to the room! Plus we were on the 15th floor so we couldn't take the stairs! Other than that, the hotel was wonderful!	
Jun 23 2007 	Amazing location for the price!	My boyfriend and I are in college and went to Chicago for spring break. This hotel was perfect. Right on Wacker and Michigan avenue...in the heart of the city. We walked everywhere! The staff was very helpful, we arrived at 10 am and got to check in early and the concierge helped us figure out where to eat lunch and where to begin our day. It's incredibly clean and safe. You have to have your key in order to use the elevator. The rooms aren't small, they are just long and narrow. I could foresee it being a problem for someone who wants to relax at the hotel, but it is still very nice...and who goes to Chicago to lay around in the hotel room anyway? I'm an architecture major and would like to note that this hotel is in the historic lincoln tower, a 40 story structure which used to be the cities largest skyscraper...( many many years ago obviously!)Also, the beds have down comforters, the bathroom is quite large, looks newly remodeled and has a great shower. The only bad thing I have to say about this place is that the wireless internet went in and out a few days that we were there. We called the front desk and they said it had been happening lately and they didn't know why...so perhaps it has been fixed now.Overall, I highly recommend this hotel for just about anyone who wants to be right in the center of downtown Chicago.	
May 19 2007 	Gave Me the Heebie-Jeebies	First of all, I'll list what I thought was good about Club Quarters: The room was only $128/night, and I upgraded to a &quot;suite&quot; for an extra $25/night. It was very close to good restaurants, to the conference I was attending at the Hyatt, and to the Miracle Mile for shopping! There was a good-sized bathroom with a great shower and very comfy pillows on the bed.The downside is this: A &quot;suite&quot; is really just a regular-sized hotel room -- the rooms at Club Quarters are teeny-tiny. When I got off the elevator onto the 14th floor, it smelled like smoke. There was also a little &quot;open refrigerator&quot; built into the wall across from the elevator that contained what I thought were bottles of water, which I loved because I drink a lot of water throughout the day. But when I went to get one, I found that they were empty water bottles that you could refill using the provided &quot;nozzles&quot; like you would find in the door of a refrigerator. However, I didn't know how well the bottles were cleaned and didn't take one. I instead would refill my own water bottle when I needed to.When I got into my room, it was a bit musty smelling, and some of the furniture, like the shelf at the head of the bed, hadn't been dusted in ages. I could literally mark a line in the dust with my finger. There was a stain on the carpet, the phone next to the bed didn't work, the toilet was in need of fixing because it wouldn't flush and just kept running. It kind of gave me the heebie-jeebies, but I was in town for a conference, there was no availability for less than $450 anywhere else, and I figured it was just for 2 nights, so I'd tough it out. There was also no in-room safe, so I had to reserve a safe-deposit box. Each time I had to access it, I had to wait for a staff member to become available to get it for me, which was a little inconvenient.There was an exercise room in the basement level of the hotel. It was small, the equipment was ancient, and the weight bench had a broken seat. Also, the ventilation wasn't great, and the temperature was 78 degrees with no hope of cooling off. That said, it was still possible to get a good work out in. The sign said that the gym didn't open til 6 a.m., but if you needed to work out earlier than that, the staff would open the room for you.I alerted them to the state of my room, and everything was cleaned or fixed within a few hours, so I have to say that they were very responsive.My conclusion: I tried a chain I wasn't familiar with because of the great price, and while it was okay for 2 nights, I would never do it again.	
May 15 2007	Great Stay! Thanks Virginia!	Stayed at Club Quarters Downtown in April. I was initially disappointed with the size/layout of my room, so went right back to the front desk to complain (rooms are small but clean and staff is helpful). Virginia, the gal at the desk apologized and instantly moved me to a room with a view of Chicago River. Since it was my first visit to Chicago I asked Virginia about things to do in the area. She inquired about my interests and 10 minutes later I had tickets for &quot;Wicked&quot;, one of the hottest shows in town, dinner reservations at &quot;Vivo&quot;, trendy Italian restaurant in the theater district. Next day Virginia suggested a trip to the Art Institute, only a 10 minute walk from the hotel! , walk in Lincoln Park and a very pleasant restaurant for dinner with live jazz . What a great city! I enjoyed my stay tremendously. Will be back, thanks again Virginia!	
May 2 2007	Better than reviews say!	I arrived on Monday 23 April in the Evening, after a long haul flight from Dublin to Chicago O'Hare. Stayed Six nights. Got the Chicago Transit Authority (CTA) Blue Line into Clark and Lake Station. After a long flight, it was a relief to find such a quiet, clean and cosy hotel. some other reviews said rooms here were small, but i thought my room fine for two, even though i had the double bed room to myself. Hotel is well located for seeing the sights of Chicago and shopping is within walking distance on State Street (Best for bargains) and Michigan Avenue (High End Shopping). Check out the Italien American Restaurent on the Ground Floor. Excellent Breakfasts, and evening meals are very good too. Other good eateries Seafood, Steak, etc.are in the immediate neighbourhood.Other Plus Points- Complimentary Internet Access for Residents. Ask the Concierges anything. They are very helpful, in particular, Kevin and Tim. They certainly know their city!	
May 1 2007	Top of the world quarters!	Spent 2 nights in April 2007. An outstanding stay in every way! Had a room up in the &quot;tower&quot; section, 3203, with fabulous views of the Marina Towers and river. Room was wedge-shaped but certainly roomy enough. There were only three rooms on this floor, due to the shape of the tower and elevator shaft. So it was very quiet! The bed was very comfy, the bathroom and shower stall were nicely sized, and there was a desk and arm chair in the room. Small closet was big enough to hang whatever you needed. The best was two walls with windows and the great view! The Italian Restaurant downstairs (not affiliated with the hotel) was a nice place to sit for a beer or snack. They also serve breakfast ,lunch and dinner. Will deliver to your room, too. The front desk staff were extremely friendly and helpful. There were usually only one or two there, since it's small, but those two at the desk really worked hard to take care of everyone in a timely way. Huge kudos to the staff! There is a nice lounge area downstairs with free coffee and just up a beautiful marble staircase is another room with three computers (and a printer). Made it very handy! Also, you could get free bottles of water on the room floors which was super for sightseeing treks. Half way down the block is a Corner Bakery which has good hot breakfasts for about $5, as well as pastries, sandwiches, etc. About a half block in the other direction was a White Hen Pantry (7-11 type store) which was good for other essentials. Our room did not have a fridge or microwave, but we didn't miss or need them. The location is absolutely the best and really great for transportation - several lines of the &quot;el&quot; are just a couple of easy blocks away. The buses up and down Michigan are only a block away, too. Cabs are plentiful and not too pricey. I will definitely stay here again and would highly recommend it to anyone who can qualify to stay here. It was worth it just to stay in such a historic building with beautiful architecture, rather than a sterile hotel chain.	
Apr 24 2007	Terrific place to stay	Superb location, great building (sneak all the way to the top of the atmospheric stairways for some great views), friendly and helpful staff, supremely comfortable bed, hot and poweful shower, nice touches like free broadband and bottled water... And cheap. What's not to like? If you want to spend all day in a bigger room go and stay at a bog-standard chain hotel and pay twice the price. But why would you, you're in Chicago!	
Mar 31 2007 	as expected	pretty nice staygreat locationit was very quiet - heard a few sirens at night but not once did I hear even a door open or close or a voice in the hallstayed in the 14th floor - room size was not an issue at for us	
Mar 16 2007	Recommend--Club Quarters on Wacker	We stayed at Club Quarters on Wacker for a weekend in March 2007. We reserved the room through priceline at a great rate. The room was small, but clean, well furnished and a great locatin. The thing I couldn't get over is how quiet it was! I lived in Chicago briefly and there is always noise. But the only street noise we heard was an occassional siren and there wasn't a peep from any of the other guests. I'd stay here again and definitely recommend. For those who aren't familiar with Chicago, it'd be a bit of a trek from either airport to get to the loop. But the El is only 2-3 blocks away and you can take that directly from either airport. We took the train into Union Station and grabbed a cab due to the rain. That was less than $10, but you can also take the El, bus and/or walk. You are located right by Michigan Ave and easily get around through public transportation. I'd highly recommend getting a CTA visitors pass if you plan on using buses or El much. All of our transportation needs were covered for two people for under $20 for the weekend!	
Mar 15 2007	A Great Stay!	We really enjoyed our stay here! We chose it because it was the cheapest we could find in downtown Chicago and totally lucked out. The location was perfection: close to everything we wanted to see, as well as transportation. We even had two views of the Chicago River from our room! The room wasn't huge, but it was well laid out and we had enough space for our needs. Attractive furnishings and no ugly floral bedspreads! Yeay! Super clean. I'm usually skeeved out by several aspects of most hotel rooms but can whole-heartedly recommend this place. Oh, and they had cookies in lobby during the afternoon. How can you not love that?	
Jan 3 2007 	simple and elegant - no frills	My girlfriend and I stayed here New Year's day evening to experience some of downtown Chicago's treats. It was perfectly situated between the shopping north of the river and the cultural offerings due south off Michigan. Rooms are as you expect in a city -- small -- but the bed was clean and comfortable and we had a view of the river. The hotel was quiet this evening after the holiday weekend and the concierge was very helpful in getting us a taxi at 4:30 am to catch an early flight back west.	
Dec 27 2006 	Clean and Close	This hotel is the best value going. I'm a seasoned traveller so I have seen it all. Yes the rooms are smaller than normal but how much do you need when your so close to all the attractions. Plus they are like new inside. Went during the middle of the week so didn't have any problems with elevators or staff like some other reviewers had mentioned. The front desk let me check in at 11am so that was a plus, and I used the computer and printer in the upstairs lounge for printing boarding passes. For 85 bucks you can't beat it.	
Dec 18 2006 	Loved the location!	My husband and I took a weekend trip to Chicago, and we enjoyed being able to stay at a hotel so close to everything. The staff was very friendly, the hotel itself was very elegant and beautiful, and we had a great view of the Chicago river. Our room was very small, but it was updated and clean. We got a great deal on Hotwire, and I don't think that we could have got another hotel in downtown Chicago for the price. We will definitely be staying at this hotel again!	
Dec 2 2006	!!!-Check The Cancellation Policy-!!!	We had made reservations at the Wacker facility for Dec 2 - 4, 2006. The night before we were to travel to Chicago Peoria was hit with 13 inches of snow. The city was shutdown and travel discouraged. We couldnt even get to the end of our driveway. We called the hotel to cancel the room. They said we had to go thru Orbitz. Orbitz said there would be a one day charge for cancallation unless we got with the hotel to arrange an exception. We called the hotel. They stated their cancellation policy was in effect under all circumstances. Their website however, states just a $25 cancellation fee if done before 5pm. The hotel said that was for &quot;MEMBERS&quot; only. Their website did not specify membership requirements for cancellation, however. Well....we are in a hold situation. It is Saturday and Vella at Orbitz called to the hotel and complained saying it was unreasonable to charge the fee in these Act of God circumstances and asked for the hotel manager. The manager isnt in on Saturday so it may be resolved on Monday. We will see. But We feel the whole problem (and the 2 hours on the phone with 5 different people) was caused by the Club Quarters Hotel on Wacker. If this isnt resolved in our favor, it is just one more reason not to come to Chicago for shopping.	
Dec 2 2006 	Great location - Terrific value but a little noisy	We got a great deal staying here and for the price, it may have been one of the best deals EVER! $150 a night for 5 day's while I was in a class at the Sears tower. Elephant &amp; Castle in the hotel for Breakfast was convenient as well. I moved rooms once because of construction noise with no hassle at all. Given the fact it was down town, I was okay with a little extra noise.	
Nov 15 2006 	Great location great price great views!	This is a superior hotel offering a great location for a reasonable price.Those who are travelling with others might find the rooms small, but the riverside view from my room on the 38th floor (arranged at check-in) more than made up for this. Anyone visiting Chicago for the sights would appreciate the view of downtown, stretching to Sears Tower, the Field Museum, Lake Michigan and beyond.Great food is available from the small bistro on the ground floor, and all requests to front desk staff were very cheerfully accommodated. Maid service was of the highest standard.I would stay here again without a moment's hesitation and would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 20 2006 	Great Place - Great Price	I stayed in this hotel for a week during a business trip to Chicago and I simply cannot understand the bad reviews. Yes, the size of the room was small, but I only went there to sleep. Everything was always immaculately clean and there is everything you need (including free wireless Internet). Besides, the location of the hotel is second to none, the restaurant downstairs is OK and the service seemed excellent to me. The only thing that keeps me from giving it a five-star rating are the two elevators, which clearly are insufficient for such a number of rooms.	
Oct 4 2006 	Tiny rooms good location	Stayed at Club Quarters for a business trip. Granted, the location was great, but the room was tiny! tiny! tiny! I am glad I was by myself, more than one person would have resulted in a severe case of claustrophobia! Service was okay, they did not even replenish toiletries on a daily basis. I would only stay there again if I were traveling alone.	
Sep 25 2006 	Great view super location!	In town for a friend's wedding in the suburbs, and decided to stay an extra night in the city... but downtown hotels are in the $300+ range per night, and my budget couldn't swing it. I found Club Quarters because the company I work for has a membership there. I got a room with a queen bed... and folks are correct - the rooms are pretty small. There was plenty of room to walk around the bed, and the room had a desk and an armchair. The sheets were great, the matress was decent, but the towels were mismatched and a bit scratchy. Try to get a corner room - the view was lovely. Both windows looked down on the river, toward Michigan Ave. We could see the lights of the town, and watch the boats go by. Incidentally, we spotted Wendella boat tours from the window and took their 90-minute boat tour of Chicago. One of the destinations pointed out by the tour guide was the building housing the hotel! I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago. The small room was so much better than the thought of taking a late night train back to the suburbs after a long day of sightseeing.	
Sep 20 2006	Best kept secret in Chicago!	This hotel is one of the best kept secrets in Chicago! Yes, the rooms are small and really designed for only one person; however, how much time does anyone really spend in their room? The staff were wonderful, the bed was extremely comfortable, the amenities were the same as what you would expect in a larger and more well-known place. The best part was the location - right in the middle of everything. We were able to walk everywhere with no trouble. If there was any downside, I would have to say it would be the restaurant downstairs - it wasn't one of the best in town, but adequate for breakfast. We will definitely stay here again on our next trip to Chicago!	
Sep 1 2006 	Not so much.....	My wife and I were excited to get a weekend away without our kids. The plate was set: Grandma/Grandpa had the kids, our flight was actually on time, easy transit to the hotel from Midway and then we open the door to our room...... It was a stinkin closet!!! There wasn't even room on either side of the bed to walk on. It looked nothing like the pictures that were on the internet. I immediately called and complained. They hesitantly moved us to another room the next day, but I heard from several others that they got the same deal and were not able to be moved. Additionally, due to the &quot;Linen Man&quot; moving towels up and down the 2nd elevator, we had to wait 45 min. 2X to get down to the lobby. We were livid and almost missed our flight. Not much for ammenaties at the hotel. Very small italian resteraunt at the bottom floor with a bad menu. Luckily the location was good and easy walking distance to other restaurants. We paid an avg of $200 per night including tax. This was one of the cheapest hotels we could find and now I see why.....	
Sep 1 2006	Overall great value and location	I took my 6 year old daughter to Chicago for an end of summer vacation. This hotel was perfect for us! We got a room with 2 twin beds for $139 (plus tax, which for Chicago is really high). The location was a block away from the free trolley stop (which takes you to the museums, Marshall Fields, Navy Pier, etc.) , and right across the river from several boat tour options. There is also a Corner Bakery right next door which was great for breakfast and lunch. There's so much to do within just a few blocks. We were on the 21st floor and had an outstanding view of the river. I feel like we just could not have done better than this hotel. Yes, the room is small, but it had everything we needed.	
Aug 29 2006 	Wonderful Experience	We've been to Chicago several times and I think this hotel stay was my favorite. Other travelers complain about the small rooms, but I would gladly give up space for the beautiful river view we had. We enjoyed having a microwave and refrigerator in our room and the free wireless internet was a great plus. True- the elevators were a bit slow in the morning because of the cleaning staff using the same 2 elevators as the guests, but I planned for it and was never late for anything. My spouse, 2 friends and myself spent a week there in July would all highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 15 2006 	Good location tiny rooms	OK, first things first, the rooms are small. Mine had a king size bed, with little room either side with a space at the bottom, then a desk. The bathroom is fine, but no bath.If the size of the room is an issue, then don't stay here. I have to say it really didn't bother me over the course of my two night stay.The staff were courteous, happy to answer questions, but were a little cold and unwelcoming.The room was clean, and the bed comfy and the views were pretty good.The building itself is beautiful, particularly as it towers towards its peak. My colleague was staying high up and there were only two rooms on that floor. Due to the shape of the building the room was an odd shape.The hotel is centrally located and great for sightseeing. At night it can feel a bit cold since really its a business district.If you want some nightlife I can recommend Hubbard Street a few blocks north where there are quite a few bars.For the price and location this was a pretty good deal.	
Aug 9 2006 	Great location ok rooms excellent staff	The first thing you have to understand about Club Quarters hotels is that the size of the room is part of the experience. How else would a nice looking hotel in prime location offer such inexpensive prices? $130 for me on a Monday night...other hotels (including Hotel 71 next-door) were $299 and above.The hotel facade faces the river (I had a river-facing view, thanks to the great staff, and it was beautiful) and there are plenty of restaurants (the corner bakery cafe next door is fabulous...walked 1 block to the Hard Rock hotel and ate at China Grill).Bed wasn't too comfortable -- it was two twins put together with a foam connector to make a King... -- but I've stayed in my worse. Bathroom doesn't have a ton of counter space, but it was very clean.Wi-fi was free (I was at the tail end of the signal so my speed was very slow).I would stay here again if other, nicer hotels have cheaper rates...but for $130 it well exceeded by expectations.	
Jul 31 2006 	Great Hotel!!!	Don't understand all the complaining about how small the rooms are. Rooms are more than adequate for the price in this high priced area of Chicago. Rooms within a half block ate all in the $300+ range. Facility is clean, furniture new and comfortable. Excellent wireless internet service. If you want something bigger and fancier then go pay for it. Rooms may be smaller in the &quot;tower&quot; above the 20th floor.	
Jul 18 2006	Great Location Tiny Room	The hotels locaton is wonderful, but the rooms are tiny. I have never seen hotel rooms this small in the United States. The hotel is in a beautiful historic beaux arts office building, but the room have the charm of a dorm. The bathroom only had a shower and the closet was the size of a phone booth. The television is too small to see from the bed. The bedding was cheap. Room was very clean and in excellent condition. Elevators were very slow and required room card to operate. The sheer size of the room made it difficult for two people to share. Staff was very accommodating.	
Jul 9 2006	Location location location !!!	We stayed here for 4 nights at the end of June and beginning of July. When we arrived at the hotel we just could not believe what a fantastic location we had got for the price we paid - so close to where Michigan Avenue crosses the river. Hotel is just on the edge of the Loop and only a few minutes walk from all the big stores on Michigan Ave.Our room was great! Spacious, huge bed that was very comfortable, fridge, big shower and above all the great view that took in the Wrigley and Tribune buildings just across the street.It is worth knowing that this hotel seems to be in 2 halves - the upper and the lower! Our room was on floor T30 - and I assume that T stands for Tower. The building is like a normal big square tower block for the first 25 or so floors, and then changes into a tall thin tower with just 3 rooms on each floor. We were on the 30th floor in the tower, and therefore had a large room with huge windows and great views - so I guess that other reviewers who commented on the small windows might have been on lower floors. Think we were just lucky with our room, but it might be worth asking the reception to place you in a tower room with a river view as we were thrilled with our room.Others have commented on the construction noise - and it is true that Donald Trump's latest building (which will be one of the tallest in Chicago) is being built directly opposite this hotel. However, the noise from the construction site was not enough to wake us up or disturb us at all.The lounge in the hotel was nice and never busy, with 3 PC's with free internet access, some comfortable sofas and a big TV.One drawback is the lift/elevator. There are only 2, and the building is very tall - so you can spend several minutes waiting in the lobby for the lift, and they can be quite crowded.Overall, highly recommended - especially for the location. We will stay here next time we visit Chicago!	
Jun 24 2006	Average*Great Location	Hotel Lobby/Amenities- Helpful, Nice, CleanElevators- SLOW, Need PatienceRooms- Small, Clean, Average, Small Windows, Construction noise from across the streetService- Great Value- $160+tax a night, not bad for locationRestaurant- Nothing special, pricey	
May 24 2006 	Good value if you get the right room	While the first room they offered us was tiny (corner room), since that was all that was available, we waited and got a larger room (queen size bed, though they admitted it was shorter than the average queen bed). After the high prices at a nearby Hyatt, we appreciated the refrigerator for our use (vs. the Hyatt Regency where a Pepsi cost $4.25 and a sign warned us that using the fridge for our own items could result in a $25 fine), and microwave and plates and utensils if we wanted to eat in. Lounge had computers with free Internet use and printers (quite a change from the high prices of the Hyatt's business center). This is no swanky hotel, and the elevators were often overcrowded, resulting in waits, and I've slept in more comfortable beds, but for the price, it was fine. This is a hotel chain for members, though we had booked through Travelocity as non-members. When we tried to get information on staying in a Club Quarters in Washington, DC, the front desk said we had to call a central reservation number (not toll free); had to leave a message with someone who never returned our call.	
May 2 2006	Couldn't have asked for a better location	It's been almost a year since we stayed, but I can't imagine much has changed since then, as it doesn't feel that long ago!We stayed at the Club Quarters for a short holiday in Chicago after attending a scientific conference in Madison, WI. Our room was not especially small, and there was adequate room for both my wife and I, although there is perhaps a slight lack of storage space. There's a housekeepers cupboard on every floor, so if you need extra coffee or towels etc, you can help yourself (I found that out after not being left coffee one morning!).The staff were polite and the housekeepers came a little early (my opinion anyway), but they were very accommodating when we asked for an extra half hour to finish getting ready! We had a corner room on the 21st floor, with two windows, which provided a great view down the river. (See photo)The location of the hotel is superb. We were only in Chicago for 5 days, and so didn't manage to see everything, but we WALKED everywhere, to Lincoln Zoo and to the Adler planetarium etc etc. it really wasn't too far and a very pleasant walk. (The weather was boiling the whole time we were there). The hotel itself is situated right at the end of Michigan ave - perfect for a walk up one side and then back down the other. River and lake tours jetty from just across the river from the hotel (Go for a sunset tour (or regular tour but time it for sunset) the views are awesome - and take a camera!! (And a coat it gets pretty chilly!)). There are loads of great steak houses nearby as well as all sorts of other restaurants. We were spoilt for choice in the time that we had!My only complaint would be that even though we prepaid online, the hotel withheld the credit on my card without telling me. Now i'm not the most frequent traveller so i don't know if this is usual, but as nowhere seemed to accept debit cards (although my bank said they would) I had to rely on my credit card or cash. This caused a rather embarrassing situation when my card failed to make a payment at the signature lounge restaurant at the top of the John Hancock building, and I had to leave my wife at the table while I travelled down 94 floors to find a cash point!!So maybe just bear that in mind and save yourself the embarrassment! But otherwise a great place to have as a base of operations whilst visiting the windy city.P.S. Get the El (Elevated train) to and from the airport - the nearest stop is a few blocks away, so you may have to walk (or get a taxi if you have a lot of luggage), but it's much cheaper. The cab from the airport cost us $45, the El journey back cost us $2 each!	
Apr 24 2006	Will stay there again - great experience!!	The hotel is perfect for the weekend getaway for couples. While the rooms are small, we found it very clean and had a great view of the Chicago River (ask for this when booking). Hotel staff was great with dining, touring, and entertainment suggestions, as well as directions, transportation suggestions, etc. The location could not be better in relation to attractions, theatre, shopping, and tours. Perfect hotel for our needs. We can;t wait to go back to this great city and hotel. Great weekend rates.	
Apr 13 2006	Small but fine	I had a Mommy-runaway-for-the-weekend trip Mar 30-Apr 2, 2006 and stayed in a &quot;Director's Room.&quot; Queen-sized bed, two bedside tables, arm chair, desk and chair, little closet, little bathroom with slightly oversized shower. I was alone and out of the room most often so the size was fine. A professional membership got me the room for $76/night which, for right-in-the-middle-of-everything-Chicago isn't bad at all. I walked to the Art Institute, the Symphony, the Ann Taylor Loft store, and the House of Blues without a problem. Parking on the next block was $20+ a day without in/out. As a woman alone, I wasn't wild about the subterranean parking garage, but it was well lit and there was an ancient man acting as a guard.The little restaurant downstairs was terrific and I ate there both nights. Try the asparagus and prosciutto salad with a glass of Valpolicella and the white pizza. There's a coffee shop just outside the hotel that was delicious.Overall, it's not a luxury hotel, the rooms aren't huge, but the room had the necessities and a nice view.	
Mar 25 2006 	not worth it	Because it was a week with many conferences in Chicago, we had trouble finding a room in town and ending up staying at the Club Quarters because there was pretty much nothing else even close to reasonable. Probably also because of the many conferences, the price was not cheap for the four nights we stayed for our particular conference. Other people writing reviews on this hotel mention paying considerably (and I mean considerably) less than we did -- and had I paid only $60 a night, I would have been very happy, too. The location is great. The room was clean. And there's free printing from your room through their (not so great) wireless service.But, as others have mentioned, the rooms were microscopic -- the smallest I have ever seen outside of some of the Kimpton hotels in Manhattan. Housekeeping was inattentive (we had to call down for towels every single night), although other staff were generally helpful. The coffee pot was on the bathroom sink. There was shampoo given to us, and soap -- but no other amenities. There was no ironing board in the room -- but even if there had been there would have been no space to use it. There were no luggage racks. There were three hangers in the tiny closet. You could barely get to the other side of the bed. The only good side was that we were out for most of each day we were there, so we only bumped into each other in the evening while preparing for bed and in the morning while dressing. If I had wanted to stay in the room and work there would have been no way because all our luggage was on the desk. So -- if you can pay $60 for the Club Quarters, you'll be happy. If you pay any more than that, you will feel cheated (but stuck), as we did.	
Jan 2 2006	Club Close Quarters!	We stayed at Club Quarters Wacker Dr. Chicago on New Yeqar's Eve. There were four of us. We booked a room with two double beds. I haven't seen beds so small since the Dick VanDyke Show. These were Rob and Laura beds! There was barely room for one person on each bed, much less two. Of course they had no other rooms available. So we requested two roll aways. They kept insisting that we didn't have room for two. The room was extremeley small, but we knew we could make it work. After putting the night stand in the closet, pushing the two single beds together, and shoving the furniture against the wall, we had room. They argued with us nonstop, and finally told us that they would try two. Well, needless to say, upon returning at 3:00 AM, there was only one roll away. The front desk staff was very rude. Sure, they were crabby, but we were the ones who didn't have enough room to sleep. We ended up having to just deal with it. They were also very rude when we ordered a pizza. You have to go down and pick it up as they do not allow delivery people in the hotel. The desk staff was short with us when we didn't understand the procedure at first. Yes, we had had a few cocktails along the way, but we weren't beligerant or sloppy drunk. We were actually quite nice considering the way we were being treated. I understand that the last place they probably wanted to be was there working as all the partiers came in from their festivities, however, it is their job, and they chose it. Had the staff not been so rude, the lack of sleeping space would not have been quite as tough to take. We will never book with CLub Quarters again!	
Jan 1 2006 	Quirky but not bad	I booked the Club Quarters at Wacker due to the close proximity to a training session I was attending.CHECK-INQuick, unremarkable experience.ROOMThe room was smaller than I expected and had a 'dorm' feel to it - oddly shaped. Closet was small, only a few hangers. No drawers to unpack - but only staying for two nights so not that big of a deal. Cold outside and hot in the room, so I adjusted the room temp, but it would never come on. Oddly enough, the windows in the room opened (on the 21st floor if I remember correctly), but a sticker on the window said to call the front desk to open the window. Maintenance came within 10 minutes of calling to open the window and that was how I managed the temp. I guess I should have asked him to show me how to work the temp control, but I wanted fresh air once I realized that was an option. The bathroom is small, also found the coffee maker over toilet odd, also only had decaf the first a.m. and was running late so didn't call for regular coffee - but regular coffee was restocked with room service. Bed was comfortable, but coverlet was oddly worn and reminded me of a guest bedroom bedspread instead of hotel linen. Tested the alarm clock to make sure it worked - and it didn't, so I set the alarm on my cell phone instead. I also didn't report the alarm clock didn't work since I had a very easy work-around.LOBBY RESTAURANTOverpriced, but good. Small portions. Drinks a little overpriced. Ate there the first night (it was very cold outside and snowy and you didn't have to go outside to get to the restaurant). Suffice it to say my second night I found a chain restaurant a block away.LOBBYWas on the business trip alone, so preferred not to stray too far from the hotel. Second night, ate at a chain restaurant a block away, and upon returning to the hotel didn't want to be cramped in the small room watching tv, so I decided to check out the lobby. There is a small 'library' sitting area that has a TV, coffee machine, gas or electric fireplace, magazines, and a few books. However, on a night where it was 10 degrees out, I got a glass of wine for the lobby restaurant (they were kind enough to let me take the glass out to the lobby with me) and sit in front of the fire and read. Never before have I 'hung-out' in a hotel lobby before, but really it was cozy in an odd kind-of way!WORK-OUT ROOMSmall, several machines, TV, water-cooler, towels. Not bad for a quick work-out.LOUNGENot sure what to call this - a few PC's available, but quiet and easy to get online for free since I choose to not bring my own laptop. No wireless connections for those that do from what I could tell.CHECK-OUTQuick, didn't look to see if there was automatic on the TV, just stopped at the little desk on the way out and checked out, less than 2 minutes to accomplish.Overall - interesting departure from business travel experiences. Wasn't necessarily a negative experience, just different, and if you aren't stuck on the normal places to stay, might be worth a short stay!	
Nov 6 2005	Great view--quirky hotel	This is primarily a business hotel, and that's what makes it so strange. As many reviews have noted the higher floors (we were on 33) are quite small. As in possibly the smallest hotel room I've ever had. It was a strange shape, so I can't be exact, but certainly less 100 square feet. There was a desk and a full-sized bed, but no dresser or bureau to unpack our bag. So it stayed packed and put away, as there was no floor space big enough for it (and this was a caryy-on bag). The closet had two hangars, so I guess the businessmen who stay here are only staying for one night and keep an extra pair of socks in their suit pockets. Amenities were extremely basic: hair dryer and coffee pot in the bathroom (am I the only one who finds a coffee pot over the toilet a little gross?); shampoo; one soap; mouthwash; iron and ironing board; TV; phone. That's it. Housekeeping was spotty. We got three bath towels, one hand towel and no washcloths. Their guidebook said there was a closet on each floor with extra blankets and towels, but the one on our floor was deadbolted. Check-in was fine, but oddly they didn't offer any sort of automatic checkout. Again, that struck me as odd for a hotel catering to business travelers who probably don't want to wait in line to leave in the morning. They mistakenly added $33 to our bill for parking, but credited our card when we pointed out we had no car. The staff wasn't rude, but they didn't seem to notice us very much. Our fare was $66 before taxes, plus another $13 for a second occupant (which seemed cheesy since they hadn't bothered to put out so much as a second hand towel). They had two small waiting areas with a couple of chairs. One (which they called a Club Lounge or something like that) had a few computer terminals with free internet access, the other had an old TV with no remote. If you can get a room for $66 and don't need more than a place to sleep and shower for one night, this is a pretty good location and some of the rooms have great views. It's not a fleabag motel. But it's not luxurious and some of its quirks may leave you scratching your head.	
Oct 10 2005	Good Location So So Hotel	I suppose my only real grip about the hotel (which was not the hotel's fault) is that we paid way too much for it. We stayed during Chicago Marathon weekend and we booked through Hotwire. We stayed in the tower which did have a nice view but was probably a bit smaller than rooms in the main building. There was room to swing a cat but it would have had been a pretty small cat. For example, our room had an iron and ironing board but I'm not entirely sure that there was room to set up the ironing board. On the other hand, there were several panels of windows with good views, including part of Millenium Park.The room was generally quiet but I think we faced the Hard Rock Hotel so on Saturday night we heard music until the wee hours. The location was good though, just across the bridge from the Magnificant Mile, close to subway and bus lines. It was great having free internet and printing access. We had little interaction with the staff but they seemed friendly and nice. I wouldn't really recommend the Italian restaurant in the lobby, hoever, unless you just wanted a quick bite. There are better places for alot less.If I had stayed there for business, I think I would have rated the hotel higher. It really is pretty ideal for the business road warrior with queen bed, lots of outlets, and desk. For a weekend get away kind of place, I wouldn't recommend it. It just lacked any ambiance, had a small room, and a smaller shower only bathroom. It was ok just not great.	
Sep 23 2005 	Life-Threatening Experience!!!	It took me awhile to write this review because I was waiting for the outcome of a terrifying experience at their Chicago, Wacker Drive location. First, the staff and very unfriendly upon arrival. During my stay, I found a hypodermic needle underneath my bed as I was searching for my shoes. I was almost stuck by this needle, it was uncapped. I immediately called the front desk to retrieve it. That was it. No one ever called and apologized or anything. I asked to speak to the manager, his apology was pathetic. I tried frivolously to explain the potential ramifications of what happened. Again, all he offered was a... &quot;Well, I'm sorry... When I returned home, I contacted the Club Quarters and received correspondence from their VP of Operations, who also sent a &quot;complimentary one night stay&quot; at one of their locations. To this date, I have been unable to use it, as I'm told that rate is never available or the hotel is booked. I even called today to make a reservation w/o mentioned the certificate, and was then told a room was available. When asked how I would be paying, I mentioned the certificate, and was then told there was no availability. I would never again, pay to stay at any one of Club Quarters locations. Never expect a &quot;warm &amp; fuzzy&quot; feeling from their staff, management or their rooms.	
Sep 15 2005	Good location clean rooms	I stayed at the hotel for a week in late August. I knew that rooms were considered small be some reviewers, but I did not find them to be cramped. The check-in/check-out procedure was good. The public areas were fine. I normally had no problem getting to use a computer in the public area. My room was clean and generally well kept by staff. The location is great if you walk, use public transit or the trolley system (paid one) for tourists. The hotel has a small bar and the restaurant is fine.My only concern would be as construction on Trump Tower across the river progresses that noise levels may get high. It was not a problem at my visit. I had a fine few of the Chicago River. My visit was good and I would stay again. it is not an awesome experience, but it did not create stress or disappoint.	
Sep 8 2005	Most Unique Room in Chicago	I found the Club Quarters through a budget travel site. At $101 a night in summer, it was a bargain! Check-in was automated (no waiting in line!). We asked for a high floor and were sent up and up and up to a 12-story tower that sits atop the hotel. The entire floor consisted of just two small guest rooms, the elevators and stairs! Room was small but modern with stunning views of Chicago River and city skyline. Location is awesome. Parking is extra and can be expensive. Try it out...and ask for the highest floors!	
Sep 1 2005 	Great Location Clean Modern	Got this room for $60 a night. It's right on Wacker and Michigan - so convenient for all the shopping and an excellent location.As stated the rooms aren't large, but I was by myself so I didn't mind, although even if I had my partner with me I still think it would be fine.The most important thing for me as a single traveller though was that it was clean, bright and very safe feeling. The bathroom was very clean and modern (I can't stand fusty old bathrooms), the bed was comfy, you get a desk with wireless access and TV, Microwave and Fridge. So very happy with the room.The service was also very good and efficient. They even let me leave my baggage with them a week later when I was back in Chicago even though I didn't stay with them that night. The Italian cafe attached is excellent! I had great pasta and salad there and the service was fantastic. All in all a great stay for the price. The corner cafe also does great breads.	
Jun 3 2005	You get what you pay for at Club Quarters	This is the second time I've stayed at this location, ONLY because of the price($94 per night) &amp; where it is located, in the middle of everything. We, family members and I, called 6 months ago for reservations, requesting to be all on the same floor. Four days before we were to arrive, we called to confirm our reservations. So far, so good. When we arrived we were NOT put on the same floor! The man working at the desk on 5/27/05, couldn't have cared less about putting our family on the same floor. I truly believe he saw that I was with small child, and proceeded to put me in a TINY room, #1915,(which the desk, chair and queen size bed took up ALL the floor space), while the rest of my family was put elsewhere. My daughter and I had no room whatsoever to put our suitcases and carry-on bags. So we piled them on top of each other in the closet with one small bag on the desk. This room had a view of Michigan Ave(between a couple of buildings). We also did not have a blanket on our bed, only a sheet with a bedspread over that. I had to go and get a blanket out of a closet that was down the hall. One day after returning to our room, I noticed that housekeeping took the dirty towels(that we placed on the floor, per instructions)but never replaced them, leaving us with two washcloths. Once again, I went to the closet down the hall to pick up some towels. I always thought that a blanket and towels were pretty much included with the room. Needless to say, housekeeping never received a tip from me. If you request a frig in your room, as my sister &amp; brother-in-law did, I believe you'll get a larger room. They actually could walk around their room(#2014)! I guess it is true, you get what you pay for!	
May 11 2005	Cool place great staff!	My boyfriend and I stayed here based on the reviews on this site, which I can usually depend on--and again, they were right!The hotel is very nice inside, the location is prime, and the staff is one of the Best we have ever encountered, and I have travelled worldwide. The rooms are smaller, but if you think about it, what is missing is the vast expanse between the side of the bed and the main window, and who uses that Anyway?!Great things that made up for the smaller size (and my boyfriend is 6'2&quot; and had No problem with the hotel at all!)are the small kitchenette, with coffee maker and supplies for morning java, the bathroom and it's nice shower, and the bed was very comfortable! Ask for a room higher up and enjoy the great view! We were not disturbed by any noises, nor elevator troubles, in the least. There is also a nice desk in the room, for your laptop. Once more, the staff here will do everything in their power to make your stay wonderful!We Will be going back ,and we will be staying at CQ! There is also a small cafe in front of the hotel that had a very good breakfast, and looked busy at night with casual cocktails and Italian food that looked great.Remember that you are not moving in for good, and once you get in the room, you will find you have all the space you need!	
Mar 14 2005	My goodness....it's tiny	Location seems to be the hotels best feature---size is absolutely NOT! The room appeared to have been cut in half at one time in history and it could'nt have been more that 7 feet across. The bed looked miniscule but my husband &amp; I have a king-sized bed at home, so it may have looked smaller than it really was. The bed was comfy, everything was very clean and the room had a &quot;quality&quot; look about it. It was just SOOOOOO small.I loved being close to the river (we were there for dying of the river green for St. Patricks Day) and the Corner Bakery is right next door. The restaurant on sight was very good &amp; the waitstaff was helpful in doing concierge duty for us.	
Feb 21 2005	Good weekender hotel in great location	This is a classic 1920s building recently converted into a hotel. Prime location near corner of Wacker Drive &amp; Michigan Ave. overlooking the river. I thought room on 23rd floor was fine, typical city-sized room, not huge but no penalty box. I suspect rooms on floors T26-T40 are much smaller than 11-25, because the upper floors are half the size of the lower floors, and have far fewer rooms.Building thoroughly modernized. Bathroom, heating/cooling system, windows, furnishings, decor &amp; queen bed were all A-OK. Room was quiet with minimal city noise (this is DOWNTOWN CHICAGO, after all.) Library of books in room was a nice touch. Cozy lobby with gas fireplace, and up some marble stairs above the lobby is a guest lounge with comfortable sofas, big screen TV and good computers with free hi speed internet. All public areas seemed freshly updated and clean. Staff was efficient and attentive. Elevator is secured and requires room key to operate...a minor nuisance but offers security.Restaurant was nice &amp; good breakfast but a bit SLOW on the day I was there. (Sunday A.M.) Parking at 111 E Wacker is convenient, less than 1 block away and hotel will validate ticket for a discount. Walking distance to Michigan Ave., State Street shopping and theater district. This is a good hotel in a good location for those who just need a place to lay their head, with no need for a fancy name or extensive public areas.	
Dec 22 2004	Never again....	My husband and I stayed at the Club Quarters in November. We don't get to Chicago very often and my main focus was shopping and eating. The location was excellent for both. However, if the cost one pays for a hotel is only based on location - I say go for it. If one wants breathing room, friendly service and ambiance - I say find somewhere else. I love my husband but the room was so small we were all over each other (and not in a good way). The staff was very unfriendly and seemed to dislike their jobs. The ambiance - there was no ambiance! Obviously we will not stay there again and would not recommend Club Quarters to friends or even foes.	
Nov 17 2004 	Even the 'big' rooms are tiny	I've stayed in this hotel at least 5 times at four different price levels ($85, $99, $117, $172). There is no major difference in the rooms for the price. Take the cheapest room you can get then ask for something you might need when you check in. All rooms are small most have ironing boards, they'll bring you one in a flash if you don't have one. One thing I can say is that the staff is great! very courteous, helpful, professional . . . I've stayed in an $85 room that had a frige and one that didn't. You just have to ask when you check in if you really need something. I don't recommend staying here longer than a few days especially if you are with another person. One more thing to note. All rooms have showers, no bath tubs.	
Nov 17 2004	Not bad not that great either	I stayed at Club Quarters in the middle of October. The painting/picture used in the advertisement of this hotel is misleading. I was disappointed when I pulled up to the hotel and realized &quot;this is it.&quot;The best things going for this hotel is its location and room cleanliness. It is in the middle of everything. Just a short block to the shops on the Magnificent Mile. It is a short walk to Uno and some other good pizza joints. It is also very close to an economical parking garage which is perfect after a long day of driving. You don't want to walk a long distance to get to your hotel after parking just to save a couple of bucks. It is also around the corner from a convenience store.The rooms are small, the elevators are slow, the staff could be more cordial, the staff could feign interest, and the hotel from the outside is nothing to look at. The doorman upon my arrival offered little help with my bags. He helped me with the first round (heavy bags), he brought one in and I brought in the other, and on the second round he didn't offer to help and I wound up bringing in my laptop bag and gym bag. The ICE Machine is located all the way down at the bottom of the building. It is either one or two floors below the lobby. This is silly, why not have an ice machine on each floor like the hotels I have stayed at? I found this hike for ice disturbing.The night clerk was helpful in providing me with high speed internet access. A different doorman allowed me leave my car at the curb to run up to my room to pick up a FedEx envelope. This was nice, but I specified when I called to confirm the package had arrived to leave it at the front desk so I could easily retrieve it. Remember, the elevators are slow and I was concerned that I would get a ticket or worse, get towed.You have to go down the hall to a utility closet to get your iron and board. I didn't care for this little touch. Are we breaking the bank by having 3 irons in the utility closet instead of one per room? The closet is large enough to fit these two items.I think that my take on this place is skewed since I have stayed at two other hotels close to this property -- the Marriott on N. Michigan and the Hyatt. Both of these properties are far superior to this one. I got stuck with the Club Quarters since there were several big conventions in town that already had locked up most of downtown's rooms.My take on this place is also slanted because I paid a lot more for my stay at this place than the aforementioned properties. Again this was a factor of a busy convention week.If you have a choice, stay elsewhere, unless everything else is booked in this area.	
Nov 9 2004	Decent Room - Decent Price	We recently stayed at CQ Michigan which was wedding headquarters for a large group of attendees. The location was wonderful - in the heart of town and even the room size was adequate (we had a microwave, bar sink, etc.). The room was comfortable and clean and lived up to the web site. However, the elevator system was very poor. Only 2 elevators and frequently one was out of service. For the number of people they serve, this was not adequate. And parking was out of the question - we were quoted $20+ a day with no in and out. I recommend taking a taxi everywhere (even O'Hare). The front desk/lobby is small and checking in takes some extra time when there are several arrivals at once. The hoel restaurant, Bella, is a real plus and they are open early AM to late evening. Food was excellent. The real shocker came when we checked out and discovered that the published rate was not quite what it should have been: there was a $13 per person/per day extra charge if more than one person stayed in the room (i.e., a spouse). That should have been disclosed up front - so be prepared for it!!All said - we would probably stay there again now that we know what to be prepared for.	
Oct 1 2004	Good value	I stayed at Club Quarters - Wacker for a week in September. The rooms are small, but well kept and very clean. The hotel is safe and secure. The staff is courteous and prompt. Overall, this hotel provides a great value for a single traveler or a couple who does not mind being in close quarters.	
Sep 13 2004	Good hotel	The hotel is in a great location overlooking the Chicago River. The cafe/bakery next door has great sandwiches. All the shopping you'd ever want and restaurants are a short walk across the bridge.The rooms are small, but not any smaller than the boutique hotels I've stayed in San Francisco and New York - but the bathrooms were a bit larger than I expected. The rooms are perfect for couples.My only complaint - the elevators seem to take forever at times. The hotel was very clean &amp; new. The staff was friendly.	
Aug 27 2004	I would go back again!	I booked this room through Cheap Tickets. Prior to our trip I was concerned by some of the negative reviews posted on this web site regarding the &quot;small rooms&quot; and &quot;paper thin walls&quot;. Upon arrival the lady at the front desk upgraded our room from a queen size bed to a king size when she noticed our small son was traveling with us. She did this on her own, no questions asked! I was delighted to find our room clean and quite comfortable. While the room was not the biggest room I ever stayed in, it was plenty big enough for the 3 of us. The Club Quarters on Wacker &amp; Michigan is a place I would recommend to anyone wanting a good place to stay in downtown Chicago.	
Aug 24 2004	Great Stay at the Club Quarters	My daughter and I stayed at the Club Quarters Hotel on Wacker at Michigan Wednesday, August 18 through Thursday, August 19, 2004 Although our room was small, we totally enjoyed our stay. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. There is an excellent Italian restaurant at the hotel. It's location is perfect for shopping, the Art Institute and theatre. The room was decorated beautifully and had a coffee pot, hair dryer and great view of the Chicago River. We would definitely stay there again. It was just a few blocks from the Orange Line train we used to get from Midway to downto	
Jul 12 2004	Great Hotel with Great Price	We ordered this hotel from hotwire and it was good. This was going to be our first stay at the Club Quarters Hotel located on Wacker and Michigan ave. The price we got was $76 a night. We were 3 adults. When we got to the hotel we noticed it was in a beautiful location. Right in the center of the downtown area close to bustops and walking distance of area attractions. The parking was about a block away from the hotel, 111 Wacker drive. Dont be alarmed of the $30 price of the parking per 24 hours, after you check in the hotel the hotel staff will stamp your parking ticket which means you receive $10 off each day. When we checked in the hotel the staff was very nice and even gave us a bigger room with more beds at no extra charge. We were on the 14 floor. When we got to our room taking the elavator it took us only seconds. Our room had 2 tvs with cable a queen size bed and a sleeper couch. The room also had a microwave and a refrigerator. The rooms were not as small as everyone is saying on this site. It was a regular sized room. What i was very happy with was the room they had with 4 high speed internet computers. Overall this hotel was great! especially for the great price. We stayed there in July.	
Jun 18 2004	Small room nice views decent price	If you are there on business, and use your room only for sleeping and showering, then it's a good little hotel. Views from the higher floors are downright spectacular. But the room is TINY! No room for anything other than you and your bags. Clean, sparsely appointed, and very spartan in every respect. All business.	
Jun 16 2004	Great location but beware of construction	I booked this hotel thru Hotwire and after reading the reviews, was quite worried what I would find. I stayed May 24-26th and I had a pleasant stay. The only problem was that taxi's tend to miss it, because of the construction on the fascade.Yes, the rooms are like the ones in Europe. TINY!, but keep in mind that this hotel is mainly for business people, so it's functional. I was hardly in the room, except for sleep anyway. I did like the microwave and fridge. A plus when warming leftovers. The beds were comfortableThere was your usually bathroom products, iron and coffeemaker as well as a cordless phone. It was nice to do multiple tasks, while on the phone. Free computer and printer access and the restaurant has great Italian food.What I liked most was the location. You are within walking distance( a few blocks) of the trains and buses. I walked all the way to the cultural center to check out a gallery, then went shopping on State. I had no problem, getting to the orange line to go to to Midway when leaving.The only real downside was that you had to use your key to operate the elevator. That was a pain! though I did like the privacy it provides. No one can just come to your room. Overall, I'd stay here again, just for the location	
May 3 2004	Club Quarters will disappoint most travelers...	This is my second Club Quarters experience (the other in San Francisco), and my last. Most people will be disappointed with the really small and poorly laid-out rooms. Also, these are not full-service hotels in the usual sense--they are primarily designed as relatively inexpensive accomodations for traveling business people whose companies pay a fee to join the &quot;Club&quot;. They open it up to the public on weekends. The rooms are not adequate for 2 or more people, and although the location is very good, I would highly recommend seeking another hotel, even if you have to pay a little more. And don't even think of packing a family into one of these sardine-can rooms. Do yourself a favor and choose a real hotel instead.	
Apr 26 2004	Way too cozy at the Club Quarters.	The Club Quarters at Wacker has a lot of great features. The lcation is excellent, the prices reasonable, it is impeccably clean, reasonably quiet, good security features (and we had no problems with the elevators), and its free computer room, where you can access WiFi or borrow an ethernet cable to connect your laptop (os use one of their computers) is really, really convenient. I recommend it except for one thing. I reserved a room with twin beds. When we arrived, we were told that they only had a room with a queen size bed. That was OK with us, I was traveling with my fiance. The problem is that what they cann a queen size bed is actually a *full* size (I should know: that is the size of my bed at home), and it is way too small for two people. That room should be classified and sold as a SINGLE room, not 1/2 persons room. It is only a negative among many positives, but it pretty much ruined our trip, because we were not able to sleep. So, INSIST for getting what you reserve, and bring a printout of your reservation. Other than this big problem, the hotel is just fine.	
Apr 26 2004	Great Location!	My Husband and I stayed at Club Quarters at Wacker this weekend for our first ever trip into Downtown Chicago. It was very easy to find, in a great location, and very affordable. After reading the reviews here, we decided to call them up and request a room on a lower level as to not have to wait for the elevators. We had no troubles waiting for the elevators; they were running pretty fast! Check in was a breeze, as was parking our car in the parking ramp just down the street. We loved the view from our 17th floor room; It overlooked the Chicago-Sun Times building that will be torn down to make way for the new Trump International Building. We will definately be back to Chicago and will stay with Club Quarters in a heartbeat!!	
Apr 25 2004	Fun On Michigan Ave.		
Apr 7 2004	Great Location Great Value		
Dec 7 2003	Great value and a good spot		
Nov 24 2003	Lots of positives; a couple of negatives		
Oct 7 2003	Terrible Service		
Sep 2 2003	Small Club		
Aug 18 2003	Art Blues "the Mile" and more		
Aug 12 2003	Great Hotel		
Jul 27 2003	Great room service and a view!		
Jul 25 2003	Great Value at Club Quarters		
Sep 9 2009 	Bon rapport qualit / prix		
Jun 6 2009 	Wir waren rundum begeistert!!		
