	a much needed relaxing stay!	Good hotel service starts at check-in and the front desk agents at the Red Roof are always so friendly! They made sure we had the things we needed for the night and greeted us everytime we walked past the desk. Our room was cozy and very clean. The comlimentary coffee in our room was perfect in the morning. I'll definitely stay there again soon.	
Nov 24 2009 	The crew at this hotel makes your stay worthwhile - especially Ms. Robinson!	Great staff. Great location. Needs renovation but all in all a great place to stay.	
Nov 23 2009 	You've got to include this hotel when you go to Chicago Downtown	Perfect location with perfect value! Walking distance to Navy Pier. Just one block away from Michigan ave.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great trip to Chicago	This was my first time in Chicago, we came for a Cubs game. After reading several negative reviews we were very hesitate about staying at this hotel but we were pleasantly surprised. We checked-in at about 4:15pm on a Thursday, it was very quick. We had a king room on the 16th floor. It had a nice flat screen tv &amp; a small desk. The elevators &amp; hallways are very small but...I didn't go to Chicago to spend time in them. The room was more then big enough for my husband &amp; I. I don't know what their double rooms are like but I could see that maybe 2 beds in a room might be a bit tight for a family of 4. However, for as little time spent in the room, I don't think it would be a big deal. If planning to be in the room for long amounts of time, I probably would spend a bit more for a nicer hotel. The elevators &amp; hallways are very small, but again...not there to spend a lot of time in the hotel. The location of this hotel can't be beat, especially for the price. Just steps from Michigan Ave &amp; Magnificent Mile shopping &amp; we were able to easily walk to about everywhere we wanted to go from the hotel. The only real negatives I have about the hotel room are this: the carpet seemed quite dingy with a big pink stain in the corner, the bathroom needed a bit of deep cleaning ie. walls around/below sink &amp; the grout in the shower needed to be scrubbed. This is a no frills place... if you're on a budget &amp; looking for a place to change clothes &amp; sleep at, this is a great value. I really can't complain about anything considering we paid only $50/ night thru Priceline...you can't beat that for the heart of Chicago.Food &amp; drinks in downtown Chicago can be pricey so I recommend the TGI Fridays that is on the other side of the block from the hotel (on Erie St.) They have a very nice bar area &amp; drink specials every day of the week. We didn't find this place until our last day &amp; wished we had much earlier. Great place to sit, watch a game &amp; have a drink after a long day of walking. We also stopped by the Signature Lounge on the 96th floor of the Hancock Bldg. for a drink. Instead of paying $12-$15/person to go to their observation deck, we went to the lounge &amp; had a drink. Drinks are pricey but you get a great drink while enjoying the great view. I recommend going during the afternoon to avoid the crowds for your best chance at a seat by the window. There is also a McDonalds &amp; a Walgreens about 4 blocks west on the same street as the hotel. Also to be checked out: Maggiano's Restaurant (great food, reasonable prices), Navy Pier for fireworks at night (Billy Goat Tavern for a drink), Second City comedy club (great show).We were really impressed as to how easy everything was to get to, either by walking or public transit. We ordered a 3-day pass from the CTA website prior to our trip. They were mailed to our house (included in price) &amp; don't activate until the first time you use them. They are good for unlimited rides on the bus &amp; el train. Use Google Maps for directions, it is connected to the transit authority &amp; will map your way for walking or public transit, giving you the correct bus # or train &amp; how to get to the correct bus stop. We used it on our Blackberry &amp; it worked great! We had one of our best trips ever &amp; the hotel was great for what we needed it for. We would stay here again &amp; I'm sure we will.	
Sep 25 2009 	Was a Good Value For the Price	On a spur of the moment I decided to go to Chicago to see Paul Potts and wanted an inexpensive place to stay. The hotel's location is ideal being only one block off Michigan. The room I had was a corner room was rather small and sparse but it was clean. For the price level you got the amenities you expected, small bar of soap, plastic wrapped plastic glass, shampoo in a package similar to ketchup pack. It was adequate and since it was just me the room was large enough. I had not read all the negative reviews of the hotel but found the staff helpful. I don't have any complaints. If you are looking for basic hotel serices at a great price (from Priceline) this is the place.	
Sep 16 2009 	lip service to roaches and bugs	My wife and I had stayed at the RRI on a previous visit, and I felt OK booking her and a friend there again. Unfortunately, her room had cockroaches, other bugs, and other cleanliness issues. A complaint brought an apology and excuses from the GM, but nothing else. A free night or a reduction in rate would certainly have been appropriate.In her note, the GM says &quot;I realize we have lost your business&quot;. How right she is.	
Sep 15 2009 	DO NOT stay here	cockroachs, black mold/mildew in bathroom, staff allow panhandlers into lobby, room is dirty even after staff cleaned; more like just replaced the towels	
Sep 14 2009 	Great location for the budget traveller	This hotel had some dodgy recent reviews, so I was pleasantly surprised at the friendly and helpful staff. Bedrooms were a trifle small, but this room (on floor 15) seemed in good decorative order, and bathroom was bright and clean. There's a safe in the room for your valuables; hair-dryer, iron and in-room coffee-maker. It's well situated for the Michigan Avenue's Magnificent Mile and an easy walk to Navy Pier, the river, Water Tower, the El and shopping. Some tasty and inexpensive eateries (Burrito on the Beach) are nearby. I'd gladly stay here again.	
Sep 13 2009 	Red roof inn is very near and walkable to all chicago attractions	Red roof inn is very near and walkable to all chicago attractions,but for parking, stay in redroof inn was very cost effective.	
Aug 31 2009 	Perfect	My wife and I stayed for one night and we were very skeptical after reading the reviews; however, the hotel served us perfectly. The staff was very friendly and the location was awesome. The room was small but certainly adequate, and it was clean. The bathroom was just fine. The flat screen TV was a nice amenity and the bed was comfortable. Hey, we only paid 50/night through priceline and you can't beat that. I would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Aug 10 2009 	You get what you pay for..Nothing!!	I decided to take a weekend trip with a friend to Chicago. After searching through many hotels, I decided upon the Red Roof Inn because of the location and the cheap price. I should have known that the cheaper the price the cheaper the service. Upon arrival the desk clerk took my credit card and ID and started the paperwork. However, she kept answering the phones, and it took nearly 15 minutes just to get our room keys. When we entered our room, the air conditioning was broken. We called the Front Desk and they said they would send a maintenance man up to fix it. After 3 more calls to the desk in an hour and a half period, she offered to switch our rooms. The other room was smaller and had a broken light. The maid didn't even clean our room the next day until after 5pm!! My parents stayed at the Best Western and only paid 20 dollars more. Next time, I'll ante up the money and stay at a place that is deserving of my business.	
Aug 8 2009 	Red Roof Inn Downtown Chicago	The only bad thing I can say about this hotel is that they do not tell you how expensive the parking is...As a first time visitor to Chicago I did not know the parking situation.When I booked a room here they never told me...they probaly assumed I knew....That parking was an extra $36 a day...I was on a budget,and that blew my budget all to hell.Beware that parking is alot extra...the hotel it's self was fine...my room was a bit small but what the heck do you expect for one of the cheapest nights stay in Chicago...It was clean and comfortable...Staff was very friendly and one valet recommended and excellnt place to eat dinner that was under $10 for the entre.	
Aug 4 2009 	Spend the extra money and stay somewhere much nicer.	I stayed at hotel June 5-7 2009, though the location of the hotel is perfect, the hotel &amp; service itself is less then that. Upon checking in I was put into a room that was dirty and had spider webs in the in the windows and was the size of a closet (yes it's a downtown property I accepted that, the cleanliness however was not acceptable) I called down to the desk to see about switching rooms and was told I was in the largest room, they didn't offer to move me until I asked for a refund to move elsewhere. I was put in a much nicer room. This seemed to be partly remodeled. The day of check-out a person who was in the room with me dropped their phone between the bed and wall, went to pick it up and found old dried up vomit on the wall, floor and side of the bed. At check out i brought it to the ladies attention and was simply asked if I would like another copy of my bill. I decided that when I got home I would call the manager. Manager was nice apologized and offered to refund my money. Long story short it has been about TWO months and due to lake of competence, and just plan disregard with the extent of this issue; I am STILL waiting for my refund. The customer service is seriously lacking, I have gone through 3 different people promising my refund, none of which have actually followed through. I would advise you spend the extra money and stay in a much cleaner hotel to avoid any situation of this matter.	
Jul 28 2009 	Perfect for Teen/College Students	This hotel is in a perfect location downtown. The cleanliness wasn't the best, but if you're going to Chicago for the city, and not for the hotel, it's definately worth it. The cleanliness mentioned in other reviews was not experienced during our stay. We had a blast in chicago, and the Red Roof Inn provided a great night's sleep for us.	
Jul 24 2009 	Ok hotel but would pay more to stay somewhere nicer next time.	We stayed with my 2 daughters (8 &amp; 12) for an overnight fun trip in Chicago. We booked on priceline &amp; got a great rate, so I suppose you get what you pay for. I had been reading others reviews on the hotel &amp; honestly was terrified on what we'd find when we arrived. I was prepared to forego my money &amp; just head home if it was as bad as others had said. I was pleased to see that our room was clean when we arrived. Although I couldnt wait to get out of there because it was so SMALL. We were all tripping over one another &amp; really felt trapped almost. The check in staff was very nice &amp; friendly, as was the valet. It is definitely a 2 star hotel, so dont expect extra perks or luxury features. However, I was at least thankful that our room was clean. Lesson learned however, it was nice to spend less, but at the end of the day, I'd just assumed have paid $25 more &amp; stayed in a better quality hotel. The location was great though-right by everything in the heart of the downtown. We probably wont return again though.	
Jul 24 2009 	Good price for the area. The service and cleanliness were not so good.	We couldn't have asked for a better location for the money. That said, I travel quite a bit with my job and the Red Roof Inn on Ontario is one of the worst hotels I have had the pleasure to stay in. When we arrived, the air conditioner in the room did not work. I called the front desk to get something done about it. The girl at the front desk assured me that it would be taken care of. It wasn't. We didn't press the issue because the weather was mild during the week we were there. The room was not altogether clean. There were dirty q-tips, a face cleaning pad, and a wad of toilet paper in our ice bucket when we arrived. They stayed with us all week. I would only recommend this hotel to someone if they are willing to sacrifice customer service and cleanliness for a cheap room in an excellent location.	
Jul 10 2009 	Phenomenal value in prime Chicago location.	I booked through Red Roof's site, some promotional rate they had. I had a hard time figuring out where in Chicago the hotels were, as I wanted to be near certain addresses. Asking a native for the name of the neighborhoods, as well as spotting some hotels, helped. The hotel on E. Ontario is a great location. Checking in was ominous!! Two young people were at the desk and the young lady did not stop her personal conversation the whole time she checked me in. She filled out a document while commenting on the pregnancy of an acquaintance, and the other clerk gossiped with her about it while I stood completely ignored. Not a query, not a question, not a how are you. How I hate this kind of reception!The bell man was very attentive. The room was oddly shaped, but large in comparison to a NYC hotel of three times the cost. The room was clean, the bed comfortable, and the room had a microwave and fridge. The bathroom was a comfortable size. Ironing board, adequate closet area space, large TV. Hairdryer but no fancy giveaways, but that is fine. The floor was populated by young folk from Europe. One time in the elevator, two maids were very friendly and 'real', and expressed their hope that my room was all right. That was surprising and nice. The bell man helping me out with luggage was great and I had to push a tip on him.I'd stay there again because of its location. Maybe next time I'll interrupt the clerks and ask them to pay attention to me! I was on floor 11.The information on parking was accurate and told me that in no way did I want to use their parking arrangement. I appreciate the candor &amp; made other arrangements. I tried to use the wifi and when it failed I did not have time to mess with it. I'm not sure they have it; I may have been picking up a signal from a building nearby.	
Jun 26 2009	Great area wouldn't stay here again though	I stayed with a coach group and found that the hotel was dirty and the staff rude, maybe because we were in a group they didn't seem to care. The carpet in the hallway on our level was filthy and/or stained. Our room was OK but I was too afraid to touch anything. The bathroom seemed fine. The lobby was TINY, but I guess there wasn't much else they could do with the space. The bonus coffee and flat screen telly in the foyer were nice. It was close to everything but the standoffish attitude of the staff and the stained carpets have stuck in my mind.	
Jun 25 2009 	The good news is they let us leave...	On a recent business turned leisure trip to Chicago my boyfriend and I were booked to stay at this hotel. I read the reviews and was apprehensive, but I didn't make the booking so I didn't really have a choice. It seems as though the reviews for this hotel are bipolar. My experience was definitely on the negative side. The staff seemed apathetic, the room was small and the decor depressing. I recently spent two weeks in Europe staying in budget hotels: I can put up with tiny rooms, shared bathrooms, cheerless decor, and surly staff. I cannot put up with uncleanliness. There was debris on the carpet, for instance toothpicks laying in the middle of the carpet. The bathroom floor had what I can only describe as 'crud' in the grout and around the toilet. The tub was dirty and had people's hair stuck in it. Hair was clearly visible on the floor. I was concerned that If they don't even pick clearly visible toothpicks off the floor, do they wash the sheets? My boyfriend asked that we be moved to a different room, the staff obliged, but that room was just as dissappointing. The other concerning event occurred while I was in the lobby. Several young men came into the hotel lobby and began soliciting people in the lobby - trying to give them fliers and stuff. They were rather harmless, though they did mildly sexually harass me, but they clearly had no business being there and the staff made no attempt at removing them. The only good news about this hotel is that they let us cancel everything and leave without a fuss.Fortunately, the Courtyard Marriott, located right across the street had open rooms, it cost approx. $2 more a night. The difference was night and day. (I highly recommend them - Courtyard Marriott Mag Mile - they are currently doing construction but only during business hours on weekdays.)	
Jun 9 2009 	A very good option try it and you won't be disappointed	Dear traveler,I had a real pleasure to spend some days in this hotel. I must confess, I read the comments about this hotel only after booking it. Therefore, before getting there, I was scared to death. But, after arriving, I had a great wonderful surprise. Everything was perfect: clean room, good conditions with regard to the price, best location, very friendly staff people. As a world traveler, I had spent days at great hotels, i.e. Ritz, Four seasons, Hilton, Hyatt, Best Western, Fairmont, Sheraton etc . So, do not expect to find the luxury here. But, for the price you pay and the location, you should be very confident. Again, do not hesitate to choose this hotel and you'll be very pleased. I had no complains, on the contrary. Good luck!	
Jun 5 2009 	Best location ever	The hotel is one block away from the Magnificent Mile and that's why we went there. Also because it's one of the cheapest in Chicago downtown! We had to wait a lot to check in because the room wasn't ready. The room wasn't very clean either. We think that the person that cleaned it was loosing her hair, because there were hairs everywhere! (yes, even in our bed). Anyway, if you're looking for a great location at a low price, you'll find it ok.	
May 25 2009 	Great location could have been cleaner.	Booked this hotel on Priceline and was somewhat concerned when we saw which hotel we won. The location relative to Michigan Avenue couldn't have been better. The room was decent sized and had a nice tv. The bathtub was dirty and didn't drain well, and the carpet was not vacuumed very well. It's fine if you're looking for a room in downtown Chicago and don't plan to spend much time at the hotel.	
May 18 2009 	felt cleaner before we showered... the streets would have been better	We traveled with students and had a block of 6 rooms. Of the 6, 3 tv remote controls did not work, 1 tv did not work, and 1 blowdryer did not work. There was a suspicious stain in one room that looked like blood. We found lettuce on the floor in one room and hair on the sheets in another room. After complaining and asking to switch rooms, no action was taken. Finally we demanded a new room and were given a corner room with a leaking seal in the toilet, leaving our floor wet the entire time. The rooms were not cleaned while we stayed there. The desk staff was incredibly polite and nice, yet unable to do anything about the status of the dirty rooms. We stayed there for the location and the price, but would not stay there again. Try the Congress Hotel or the Best Western are much better deals.	
May 12 2009 	Decent budget hotel right in the centre of downtown Chicago	We have booked 2 rooms for myslefI ,my husband and a friend for 2 nights in May. After reading the reviews and before checking- in to this hotel, we were very skeptical to the point of even canceling our reservations, but it is not as bad as the earlier reviews make it sound like. Infact it is worth more than the value we paid for the stay and the location.It is a CLEAN, decent budget hotel right in the centre of downtown Chicago. All major attractions/restaurants are of walking distance.Staff is courteous and polite.Rooms were clean (although it gives a slightly old feeling) but has a LCD TV.Towels and bathrooms were clean only problem was the shower, which was not working in our room but it was alright in my friend's room.Even temperature control was working fine.However, please note that since it is a budget hotel, there are no water bottles available within the hotel, so it is recommended you carry one with you.Overall, good value for money.	
May 10 2009 	Affordable and acceptable	After reading the other reviews on this site, I was expecting to have to barricade myself in my room while sleeping in my clothes and trying to fend off hordes of lice. In my experience, this hotel does not deserve the reviews it's received.Let me preface this by saying this is a &quot;DISCOUNT&quot; hotel. And they even call themselves that. If you want high class, go book the W. I made a weekend roadtrip into Chicago and wanted something very cheap and very central to get the most bang for my buck. Red Roof delivered.First, service. When I checked in the service was polite and to the point. They didn't chat me up, try to up-sell me, or bother me with any other trivialities. They checked me in and showed me the way to my room. Sure it's nice at the W when they ask you, &quot;What is your wish?&quot; but that comes with a price tag. The staff were helpful when I asked for directions and were not rude at all.Secondly, the room. After reading the reviews on cleanliness I gave my room a serious once over before unpacking anything. The room was a little run down as it's an older building, but there were no real cleanliness concerns. It was a little dusty under the bed with a few stains in the dark coloured carpet, but nothing I'd consider unhealthy. The sheets and towels were pristine white and clean. There were no odours or anything unpleasant as has been commented in other reviews.The room was quite small. It would be a little cramped for a couple, and I certainly wouldn't want to be sharing the room with kids. My room only had 1 bed though, so the others may be larger. For 1 person it was perfect, but I don't go on vacation to spend a lot of time in my room.The room is also equipped with a safe.My only complaints would be that there were a few broken items in the room. The window looked like someone had tried to force it open so I was able to actually remove it from its frame. I only noticed this because it was a little noisy, but being right downtown that's to be expected. The A/C also wasn't working in my room, but I didn't need it at this time of year. It wouldn't surprise me if the two were related.Third, location, location, location. It doesn't get much better than this! 1 block from the Miracle mile, a 10 minute walk to the Navy Pier, and less than 10 minutes to the John Hancock building. It's a phenomenal central location to be able to cover a lot of sites on foot.Lastly, value. I booked on priceline and got my room for $50/night! No complaints there considering the prices of other nearby hotels. Now valet parking was another $40/night but after asking around that sounds like it's pretty typical.In conclusion, as a single traveler looking for a cheap central hotel on a sightseeing vacation, I'd have no problem returning to this hotel again.	
May 7 2009 	Cramped Rooms Bad Tempature Regulation	I stayed here one night in late November 2008. The service was friendly but when we got up to the room we turned on the heater (it was in the 30s outside) and within an hour the room was still cold. We told the front desk and when we got back the room was too hot! Also, the beds seemed old and the room was tiny. This hotel takes people under 21 and is a GREAT location but the rooms were pretty bad.You have to purchase a T-mobile hot spot to get wireless.	
Apr 14 2009 	A great last minute decision.	My friend and I visited Chicago in early April to see RENT. Unfortunately, we had booked a room at the Howard Johnson that was completely horrible and was able to find this hotel with an opening at the last minute! We were so grateful that they had a room for us. Paying $36/night for parking kinda hurt but the valet takes the car for you and they were very nice and accommodating. The room was small but clean and cozy. All of the staff was very friendly. We wanted to go to the Field Museum on our last day and checked out at 12pm but they still kept our bags and car until we were done at the museum free of charge! I would definately recommend this hotel for anyone. The price for the location and value was great!	
Apr 9 2009 	So Filthy had to shower standing on a towel	Shower floor had thick shelack of filth and grime and god knows what else. Feet sticking to floor in shower!!! Thin throw blanket only on bed along with dirty bed spread. Hard to argue with price and location, but even a one night stay was unbearable. Lastly, were instructed the valet would need 20 minutes to get car - we waited an hour, a fitting end to our stay.	
Apr 6 2009 	this place is a flea bag	I am not a very picky person and that is especially so when you only pay $130 for a room in downtown Chicago-- you don't expect it to be fabulous, but you do expect it to be clean. The room was so small we could hardly get a round the beds and the decor looked like it hadn't been updated in 20 years. None of us would walk in the room without our shoes on because the carpet was so disgusting. I would compare it to a motel off the freeway in the middle of nowhere that you would pay $29.95/night or maybe pay for by the hour . We left and went across the street to the Marriott Courtyard. They said they routinely get customers like us. I will say the location is great and the staff was very nice and they took $40 off our bill without us really griping . Pay the extra bucks for somewhere decent.	
Mar 28 2009 	Be afraid be very afraid	Traveling with two teenage kids, we paid extra for the &quot;deluxe suite.&quot; It was filthy. There were still crumbs on the floor and the bed sheets were NOT changed (there was someone else's hair in the bed already! How Gross!). The room smelled like dirty socks. The bathroom door was off the hinges. The bathroom had mold on the sink vanity. There were candy wrappers in the corners of the room. The TV remote did not work. The A/C rattled us out of the room. We ran out of this flea infested firetrap after staying one hour. We paid for -- and completely enjoyed -- the marriot courtyard direct across the street. This is the ONLY post I have ever made on this website.	
Mar 21 2009 	one step up from a homeless shelter	This has to be the sleeziest, dirtiest, most disgusting hotel I have ever encountered. No heat, no hot water, leaking toilet and sink, window didn't close all of the way, filthy carpet, dingy linens, no customer service...The front desk was no help in correcting any of the problems with the room or with moving us into another one. (I actually doubt they had another one in any better condtion to move us into.) This hotel should be condemned. It's hard to believe the health department doesn't close them down because of all the mold, filth, and leaking urine from the toilet. I can't believe they have the audacity to charge money for these rooms. They should close down while they do renovations. This hotel is in a great location and would do very well if it were not in such deplorable condition. One would think that Red Roof would see what they have with this building and at least bring it up to liveable conditions. Unless your standards are much below substandard, you would do yourself a favor by steering clear of this pit. If you don't care about cleanliness or warmth, at least make sure you are up to date on your vaccines and bring a supply of antibiotics. I would sooner stay in a homeless shelter than subject myself to this atrocity again.	
Mar 6 2009 	Disappointing	The hotel is well located, but the rooms you would hardly wish to remember: the window could not be properly shut, and there was no heating - in the month of November in this &quot;windy city&quot;. Well, It seems that for this amount of money you cannot expect anything better in Chicago downtown...	
Feb 13 2009 	Be Afraid. Be Very Afraid!!!	I stayed two nights at this so-called hotel. It was more like a housing project. The only reason that I stayed there was because I had business at Northwestern's School of Law and this hotel was very close. I'm surprised I made it out alive. The hallways are narrow and quite seedy. The elevators are slow and loud. This place may have been a grand hotel in 1920. Now it's a slum. Expect to take a shower in cold water as well. You can also expect to hear everyone's conversations because the walls are paper thin. I seriously considered barricading the door to stop some thug from breaking in and robbing or boogering me. Yikes. Stay away.	
Feb 11 2009 	good location and nothing else	Room 401. Seal on toilet on floor was leaking. Bathroom floor was constantly wet with urine/water. The entire bathroom absolutely reeked of urine from the moment we arrived. I cannot believe that a housekeeper cleaning that room would not have noticed this. Given the strength of the smell, it must have been going on for weeks or even longer. Drunks in the hall kept us up half the night. Floors were dirty. We slept in our clothes. This was a block off of Michigan Ave (this would have received a &quot;terrible&quot; rating from me otherwise), and the price was cheap -$50 on Priceline- but I would never stay here again. Spend the extra $30 and stay somewhere that doesn't turn your stomach.	
Jan 11 2009 	Penicillin may be needed after staying here.	Hotel Name: Red Roof Inn Chicago Downtown  We were excited when we walked in and saw that the lobby had been renovated. There were two lounge areas with new sofas and a big lounge table. There was a bracket for a flat panel TV but there wasnt a TV attached to it. The hotel only had one person at the desk at check in so there was a line that we had to wait in. The elevators were small as is expected in older city buildings. When we exited on our floor there was a pleasant smell from the deodorizer the housekeepers used. And the hallway was clean.  Upon entering the room, I noticed that the door was a little small, not a 36&quot; standard. Although the room next to ours was handicap excessible. The second thing I noticed was that the rooms were not updated as the lobby was. THe room looked nothing like on their website. There were a few furnished updates such as lamps and a chair, but the beds were small and low to the floor. The bed coverings were also outdated and looked worn. The sheets and pillow cases however did look new. I then looked over the room and the wall that enclosed the bathroom had a big crack down the middle and the wallpaper had started to peel away along the whole length of the crack. In the bathroom all of the grout had mold and mildew. The tile in the tub/shower surround and above the sink had been painted and was peeling. The toilet was no longer affixed to the floor, which I found out when I sat on it. And when I looked at the ceiling there was an attrocious ammount of BLACK mold all over it. The tile in the surround was also warped and regrouted maybe as if there was a ruptured water pipe. The only things that were done to make the bathroom look nice was a new mirror and light fixture.  When walking out of the bathroom I looked at the entrance/exit door and noticed that it looked as if the door had been pried open, because the entire frame of the door by the deadbolt was cracked and pulled away from the wall. My husband and I were thoroughly disgusted with this hotel.	
Jan 3 2009 	Good Price Good Location	I stayed at the Red Roof Inn from Dec. 6-9 as part of a business training in the area. We had several rooms and chose the hotel basically on price and location alone. Hotel is in a perfect location. Although we were on business, we were able to spend time enjoying ourselves because of the location - it was right off of Michigan avenue which meant many restaurants and shopping.Although inexpensive, the hotel was perfect for us. The rooms were very clean and it looked like they were beginning to update them as well. My room already had a new flat screen HD TV like I have at home (nice touch!) and a few surprises we did not know about when we booked like coffee makers in the room. One of my colleagues had what looked like a renovated room with new bedding and carpeting.The only small negative thing was the lobby was being renovated with new paint, etc., but who cares - you don't stay in the lobby!If you need an inexpensive, clean and no frills hotel choose the Red Roof Inn on Ontario.	
Nov 14 2008 	If you still stay here after reading this...	If you still stay here after reading this, you shouldn't bother with this website. I have stayed at this Red Roof several times, and it isn't great, but never as bad as this visit. Big trade show. All hotels unreasonable. Trying to save money. Big mistake!No hot water 3 of 5 mornings. Tub didn't drain 3 of 5 mornings even after I complained. Didn't clean my room or make the bed one day. No soap or shampoo most nights. No towels one night. Sink falling off the wall, toilet seat broken. Door wouldn't open a few times. Tiny room and bathroom. Plus, it was a comedy of errors on the part of the maid service. They only had two very pleasant staff members in the entire hotel one night. I don't know how they stayed so nice and polite. This is a dive and is getting worse. I wonder if they have remodeled since the 50's. The mtc. guy said they were going to remodel starting soon, but that wouldn't solve the cleaning staff problem. This is only the half of what was wrong...	
Nov 13 2008 	Ughhhh	The most deplorable conditions I have ever encountered in a hotel anywhere. The room had a window that was jammed open, the heater didn't work, no hot water, filthy carpets, and a huge stain on the comforter that looked like blood. Had to sleep wearing a coat! The front desk said they could not move us to another room because they were fully booked. They said they would send someone up to make repairs but never did. Management says they will be starting renovations soon, but DO NOT reserve a room in this hotel unless you are guaranteed a renovated room or can see the room for yourself first.	
Nov 4 2008 	Great location	Red Roof locates just a street from the main shopping shopping stretch, near COACH, and jazz bars, short walk to Hard Rick cafe, Heaven on 7 (cajun food) and convenience stores.Room is cosy enough, warm but dont expect great amenities. Service staff friendly, recommended great places to visit...i would stay here again, oh and it's close to pizza UNO, the famous Chicago deep dish pizza..yummy	
Oct 20 2008 	Worst hotel ever! I'm not kidding!	This hotel advertises &quot;Surprising luxury at affordable rates&quot;! This is a bold lie, there is not one bit of luxury at this hotel.Carpets are FILTHY, don't take your shoes off! One elevator broke down and the Chicago fire dept. had to rescue stuck people.Elevator stopped on every floor going up and down. This was not due to someone pressing all the buttons as this happened for 3 days straight, day and night. The front desk was notified by dozens of customers and still nothing was done.There was vomit next to one of the beds upon check-in!The hallways look like a dark cell block and the rooms are smaller and dirtier than a cell!Absolutely disgusting, please, please take my advice and stay elsewhere! I would not stay in this hotel again if it was complimentary!!!	
Oct 13 2008 	Get what you pay for!!	I'd read the reports of this hotel so I kind of knew what to expect. It was a central city hotel, right on the corner of the 'Mag Mile', with a relatively cheap price so I wasn't expecting any kind of luxury. Carpet could do with being changed, but the bathroom was clean if a little tired looking. The room had a smell as the windows wouldn't open. The front desk staff were helpful with directions and maps - but my wake up call didn't come. Not a hotel I would recommend for a long stay but bearable for a couple of days before picking up my tour which was right outside the door.	
Oct 12 2008 	Average place in a good location	We stayed one night in the Red Roof Inn in October 2008. We booked the room online in advance. It was the least expensive option in the area and we did not have high expectations. We arrived early for check in, but were accomodated efficiently by the front desk. The main glitch was that the first room we were assigned was still occupied, but the front desk apologized and we got another room quickly. The room itself was a bit ragged. There were peeling paint on the ceiling in the bathroom and the furnishings looked a bit dirty, but we think we just worn. The beds were okay but a bit soft. The room size was very big, but oddly shaped - very long and narrow. Not a lot of amenties, but the TV worked and there were no other issues with the mechanicals of the room. The front lobby did have coffee for free, but we did not try any.The location is the main reason for staying here. It is one block from Michigan Ave and fairly close to a lot of nightlife and restaurants in the area.Overall, if you need a place to sleep and do not need any frills, this will do.	
Sep 27 2008	Disgusting	I arrived for a two night stay at this hotel on 11 September 2008 as a member of a coach tour, looking forward to a comfortable room before travelling across to Los Angeles. What did I find? Carpets in corridors were absolutely filthy, no facilities for a hot drink in rooms (only from machine in lobby between certain hours, overall decoration dirty and dingy, trouble with door lock, air conditioning very noisy, could not regulate temperature and it still made a noise even when switched off, sockets nearly off the walls, hair dryer not working, ceiling in top floor corridor leaking quite badly and to crown it all the toilet was not fixed to the floor so it moved and rocked everytime I sat on it.Apart from being near to the Magnificent Mile shops this hotel has absolutely nothing going for it. In fact my opion is that it should be closed down it is just so bad. I just wish that I had taken photographs to prove just how unsavoury this hotel is.	
Sep 17 2008 	Scary Ugly and Noisy	We stayed at the red roof inn for one night when we arrived early and the hotel we had reserved was full that night.It was a horrible experience, the rooms were small, smelled weird and the door locks were loose. It was only my sister and myself, so we used the iron board to hold the door shut. I wouldn't recommend staying at this hotel at all! Worse this was that it wasn't cheap!	
Sep 16 2008 	Worst value in Chicago	Wow, this is the first time I've written a review just to tell how bad a hotel was. It's not so much that the hotel was a dump, it's the value of it. We paid nearly $250 for our &quot;king suite,&quot; which was really more than we had wanted to spend but it was the last minute so we just figured we'd suck it up and at least enjoy a nicer hotel than we'd typically book.No luck there.This was a drab, uncomfortable hotel. Linens, carpet, furniture, everything were bottom of the barrel and worn out on top of it. The bed was uncomfortable and the room smelled funny. The toilet clogged our first night there -- which I think it would have done even if all I'd used it for was to clip my toenails over -- and it never got fixed, luckily there was another toilet in the room because it was a suite. That one was equally weak so I used it reeeeeeeeeeeally conservatively. Should I have to count pieces of toilet paper in a $250 a night hotel?To their credit, the front desk did give me toothbrushes when I told them we forgot ours. That was the highlight of our stay.If you are forced to spend your pennies in this place at least get a room on a lower floor. We were on the 16th and, even when it made no stops, the elevator took so long to get to the darn lobby and back that I almost didn't want to run down to get a cup of coffee in the morning. I was especially irritated when I found they were out of cups.	
Sep 1 2008 	Not horrible but pretty bad	This hotel is located in a prime area downtown. So, location is good. However, after notifying guest services a few times about no air conditioning in our room to no avail, I gave up and took off the cover of the AC unit and messed around with it for about 15 minutes to get it work myself. So, the customer service, especially at night, was poor. Additionally, after paying for internet here, the only signal I got was &quot;very poor&quot; and I was unable to actually utilize the internet on my laptop. Again, customer service was of no help.Summary:Although the location is good and the price is decent, I would rather pay $20 or $30 more and stay at a nicer place downtown.	
Aug 12 2008 	The Worst Red Roof I Ever Stayed In	I booked the room on the Red Roof website, but when I arrived (even with my &quot;confirmation number&quot;) the people at the desk could not find my reservation. I still got the room at the rate I was promised, though.On the other hand, it was not a pleasant experience. The room smelled like dirty socks that had no place to air out. So, I turned on the a/c full blast as I unloaded the car from downstairs. Speaking of the downstairs loading zone, the valet parking attendant suggested that I give him my car keys so he could move my car in case the police decided to tow my car since I was parked halfway into the loading zone and halfway out. (I quickly figured out that the car that dominated the loading zone was HIS, because I saw him taking a couple of smoke breaks in it while I was dealing with the problems at the registration desk. I decided I would take my chances with the police rather than trust this guy with my keys.I had to park across the street and down a ways in the lot for another hotel. It was not easy to get to: because of the series of one-way streets I had to go around a couple of blocks to get to it even though it was a short walk from the Inn.Returning to the room, I found that the phone did not work, and several tiles were missing from the bathroom walls and floors. The hallways were dingy and the carpet unclean. The elevators were slow and small, but necessary for a 15 story building. I had to go down six floors to find an ice machine.I've stayed at many Red Roof Inns in different cities.. They tend to be &quot;cookie cutter&quot; copies: kind of boring, but at least you know what to expect. But not this one. While I would stay at another Red Roof Inn, I would avoid this one like the plague.	
Aug 8 2008 	bad experience worth the price	Located on Ontario and N.St.Clair- this hotel is a perfect spot to walk to Navy Pier, Michigan Ave shopping, and even cross the river. Our stay, however, was not good. A pipe had broke in the hotel a day earlier and it smelt like stale washclothes. In our room the sink was clogged, their was mold on the ceiling, and the table was dirty. With much effort we were switched to a different room. It is a dingy place, but for the location, it is worth the cheap price we payed.	
Aug 1 2008	Red Roof Inn in downtown Chicago	This hotel was horrible -- dirty and nasty. We only stayed 1 night and I felt like I was going to get lice or worse. The carpets are filthy in the hallways and the rooms. The hair dryer didn't work, the room was creepy and dirty. I slept fitfully and first thing in the morning found another hotel close by that for only $40 more a day was 1000 percent nicer. I will never stay in another Red Roof Inn. I doubt that the CEO of the company would let his family stay at this place. It is a shame, because it is a good location.	
Jul 6 2008	Recommend to stay elsewhere!	The only positive about this hotel is the location. It is extremely convenient not only to Michigan Ave but all the Mag. Mile area. It is 4 blocks to the Red Line (ESPN Zone, Niketown, etc.)We were on a school trip and had 40 kids with 18 rooms. We expected better, and out of 18 rooms you would think that at least more than half would be recommendable.Just about everything was a bad experience. Front desk clerks were rude and indifferent. They had no hotel safe anywhere. The two elevators were extremely old and so slow. Hallways were dark, dingy and dirty. The carpets were NASTY. Our socks were black from walking on the floors. The rooms were very small, outdated. Bathrooms were falling apart. Some of the rooms had toilets that leaked, faucets that leaked, loose tiles, clogged showerheads. It was a nightmare.There is no parking. Nothing. Nada. You're on your own.Chicago is way too big a city with too many options to choose this place.	
Jun 22 2008 	Bottom of the barrel	We stayed at the Red Roof because we were directed there by a wedding planner. One who must never have visited the site. From a distance the price seemed reasonable for the area, so we booked a room. Where to begin. The elevator: one broken, the other on its way out. The management had the really bad sense to tell the guests that the cable broke. Off the elevator (while it still worked) and on to the hallway to the room. Dingy. Dark. Carpet dirty, wrinkled and torn in places. I'm getting the creeps. And then the room: tiny, even by NY City standards. We needed to move sideways around the bed. No room for a sitting chair. Battered furniture. The thick, accumulated dust of months on non-desk and dresser surfaces (ie, the furniture was dusted, other horizontal surfaces not). There had been an attempt to renovate the bathroom. This consisted of painting over the ceramic tiles and the tub. As might be expected, said paint was cracked and peeling.After one hellacious night on the medieval rack of a bed, I grabbed my computer at 6AM and found a better deal at a lovely place -the Fairfield Inn- literally three doors down the block but a world of quality away, complete with free internet and breakfast, real shampoo in bottles, big bars of soap and free magazines about Chicago! We felt like we'd checked in at the Ritz.Overall, this Red Roof was an over-priced, depressing experience. I would advise anyone to steer clear of it. Head down Ontario St. a half a block and check into the Fairfield Inn.	
Jun 17 2008 	Horrible!	My boyfriend and I were attending a wedding taking place on Michigan Avenue the weekend of May 17th, 2008. The groom of the wedding advised us that The Red Roof Inn would be perfect since it was only a 2 blocks away from where the wedding was and it is in such a prime location (a block away from Michigan Ave and the Magnificent Mile). So we followed his advise b/c we thought it was such a good deal especially w/the prices there...well, you certainly get what you pay for! The service we received at the front desk was excellent. Even w/how busy they were, the 3 woman working there was on top of everything and very friendly. However, the room itself was horrible! The bathroom floor was stained brown in multiple places and it smelled like dirty feet. We tried to prop up the bathroom door to air it out but there was no where for the smell to go since the windows were bolted shut. I dont' know how to describe it, but the room was just plain dirty! I felt gross just being there. Also, I know that the information about the velet parking states that you should take all of your values out of your car, but I had no idea it was possibly b/c of the velet employees! I figured they were just concerned in the case that your car was broken into. We arrived on Friday afternoon and left on Sunday morning. The whole time we were there the car was in the hotel's parking garage. As far as we know the velet employees were the only ones in the car b/c there was no signs of a break in. We had quite a bit of luggage and when we first arrived we were unable to take EVERYTHING out of the car. So we left a bag of snacks/beverages in the backseat (we were driving from IA so we stocked up for the car ride to Chicago) and a small tin w/change in it for all the tolls. However, when we got our car back on Sunday, we had a Red Bull, $2.25 in quarters and $1 in dimes missing out of our car! I felt it odd that someone would break in and steal just these random items and not the car stereo, all of the money change or all of the food/beverages left in the car. I know there's no way to prove it was the employees but it just seems too strange for anyone else.	
Jun 6 2008 	Great location for Michigan Avenue shopping	The Red Roof is one small block from the main shopping street, Michigan Avenue, and therefore good for a number of shops. Unfortunately it's not close to any subway stop, so you may find yourself taking advantage of one of the many taxis which pass the hotel. Our room was comfortable, with TV, iron/ironboard, hair dryer and air conditioner (although the cool function didn't seem to work ). There was no mini bar, safe or coffee making facilities, although there is complimentary coffee in the lobby. Our room and ensuite looked tired, with flaking paint in the bathroom, chipped bathtub and a toilet which was fitted so close to the wall they had to cut the handle to make it flush properly! But at least it was all generally quite clean.The staff were very friendly and helpful, and they even sent someone to fix our blocked sink within 30 minutes of reporting it!	
May 20 2008 	Price and location make it a good place to stay	Visited Chicago from Cleveland with a group of friends. We stayed at the Red Roof 5/08-5/10/2008. The hotel was ok. The rooms could use some updating or maybe a good scrubbing. We had a corner room and a wonderful view. Our group was all on the same floor. The shower was clogged, called the front desk and they had someone to my room within a couple of minutes and it was fixed. The staff was friendly and helpful. There is good coffee in the lobby. The price for this hotel makes this a good option if you don't want to spend a fortune but want to stay in great location.	
May 19 2008 	Remember it is an ECONOMY Hotel!!!	My friend booked a room in this hotel for us to share while in Chicago for a recent conference. And I'll admit, I was a bit worried after reading some of the comments on this and other sites. But I was very pleased with the hotel, the staff, The LOCATION, and the security.  This hotel is NOT a luxury or resort hotel, and if that is what You are searching for then just skip over it. But if You are a conference attendee, a traveler who plans to spend more time out of the room than in it, or someone who just needs a bed for the night, then You will be pleased. The rooms were small and sparsely furnished, but the beds were comfortable and there was more than enough room to unpack our luggage. The bathroom was TINY but adequate - just had to keep the makeup and grooming stuff out on the closet shelf. The room was obviously worn and dated, but very clean.  The staff were all friendly and charming, and gave each guest their undivided attention while taking care of their needs. Sometimes the lines at the desk were a bit long, but that was because of said attention to detail. I was more than happy to wait or just come back later as I knew I would also have great service.The only 'negative' I can think of was that the 'pseudo-chino' free coffee machine in the lobby was often not functioning - but I don't drink that stuff anyhow, and would throw on a trench coat over my nightie each morning to go across the street to Starbucks. An added plus for conference attendees or super shoppers - there is a post office one block down so You can mail home Your conference materials or purchases!	
May 19 2008 	would never stay again	website stated was recently renovated but was not. carpet was stained and filthy. We had a room on the 16th floor and there were ants in the room. There was mildew/mold in the shower. Housekeeping did not make the beds, they changed towels and did nothing else. We talked with the manager on the phone and he said he would talk with us when we checked out but that morning he was unavailable. We would have switched hotels but there was a conference in town and hotels were booked. This hotel has a great location but that is all it has going for it. Very disappointing.	
May 15 2008 	Impressed!	Clean room, TV, microwave, mini fridge, desk, comfy bed, clean bathroom. For the price and location its worth the stay. The hallways are narrow (so what) and the elevators are pretty tiny and can be slow, but you don't spend your time in elevators and hallways, its the room that counts. There's a Trader Joe's down Ontario about 3 blocks - so you can load up on cheap food/drinks and save a few bucks. Or take that $100 you saved on the Red Roof and splurge across the street at the Capital Grille. Bar Viand also across the street for cocktails and quiet conversations.	
May 7 2008 	Great Location	Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Red Roof Inn, Chicago and have to say the location is fantastic for the price. One block from Michigan Avenue and within easy reach of Navy Pier, John Hancock Tower and other sites.As other reviewers have said the rooms are quite small but if you only need a place to rest and recuperate after enjoying Chicago then I don't think you can beat this place for the price - we paid just $129.00 per night. The bathroom was small but clean, with a good shower and plenty of hot water.We breakfasted at the West Egg - a great little cafe just around the corner from the hotel. We also had a good evening meal at Copperblue restaurant which is near Navy Pier.All in all if you are on a budget I think that this hotel is ideal.	
Apr 28 2008 	Made it through one night but would not stay again.	We took a group of teenagers from our church for a &quot;senior trip&quot; for the weekend. Luckily we only stayed one night at this hotel because we did not enjoy our stay. The rooms were small and had a very bad musty smell. The elevator is the smallest I've ever seen and can only hold about 2-3 people with luggage. The hallways are narrow, poorly lit, and dirty. After the first day of sight-seeing, we returned to our room being very hot. We had the air conditioner running the whole time we were gone but it was obvious it was not working. We called the front desk and we were told the A/C would not be turned on until next week. So we roasted the whole night! The only good thing about this hotel is the location. I definitely would not stay again!	
Apr 25 2008 	Great location basic service	Red Roof is located in the heart of downtown Chicago, easy walking to the lake, parks, restaurants, shopping. And it is very moderately priced. But it is basic, really basic. Tiny lobby. Tiny rooms. Dingy elevator. Room keys that needed to be reprogrammed twice in one day. If you want a reasonably priced place to stay in the middle of the city, this is an ok choice, but do not expect any amenities.	
Apr 17 2008 	diamond in the ruff	(if you are in a hurry, skip down to the last 2 paragraphs)We came to Chicago to see Widespread Panic.Just me and my buddy.i had searched for hotels all day on the day before we left and couldnt find anything under 200 - 300$$ in downtown chi-town.we decided to just get our tails over to chicago and see where fate led us.After talking with some people we found there who were seeing the same show and visiting the lobbys of few hotel rooms - still no luck. we did find one place -travelodge, that was willing to &quot;squeeze&quot; us into their sold out establlishment. exicted and happy we would be near the venue we pulled out our cash...then the reality of that visa commercial hit us - i am sure you all have seen it - everything stops when the guy trys to use cash in the symphony of everyone using charge cards? anyway - to use cash they required a 250$ deposit. unheard of. blasphemy. mainly because we didnt have 250 to leave sitting at the front desk until the next morning.Heads down we walked out and down the street - we stopped at a camera shop and the kind people there let us use their phone book to make a cpl calls around and see if we had any luck that way.i remembered red roof being one of the only afordable hotels i noticed online the previous day, (afordable without being downright scary that is). we called them after calling about 6 others. reservations said they had one room left and gave me the local phone #. it was great - we called the local # and the service, latasha and marvette - we're wonderful. they held the room for us until we could get there, no credit card #. they sold us the room without a deposit. i had to call them one time on the way there when we got stuck in traffic to plead for them not to sell our room - i didnt have to beg and marvette said, &quot;your good&quot;.yes it was small - but for us, it was PERFECT. two tour kids that just needed a place to crash under 200$.it was clean and the people inside working and staying were nice alike. the lobby was renovated and two rooms were done as well. the coffee machine in the lobby spun out really great tasting joe and at 2 in the morning when we needed to eat - front desk referred Ranaldi's - the best pizza i have ever had. Chicago was great due in part from the red roof. we checked out the next day and thanked the staff for the kindness yesterday from the other two employees and they exclainmed, &quot;we're nice too!&quot;the place was perfect.	
Apr 14 2008 	Small but Nice.	I arrived early in Chicago, but they let me check-in anyway. The hotel itself is a bit on the small side, but the king suite had plenty of room. I did not have any noisy neighbors, so I had a good nights sleep. If I return to Chicago again, I will be staying here. The price, $119 on their website, was well within my budget, and from talking to other participants in the summit I was in, much nicer than the $199 &quot;closet&quot; (as one member desbcribed his room) that others paid at the Hyatt regency.	
Apr 10 2008 	Getting Progressively More Horrid	This is my second stay at the Red Roof Inn.The property is conveniently located off of Michigan Ave and the staff is very friendly accommodating. That is about it.The following things don't work or are not right:a) Second door or hotel opens at turtle speed.b) The elevators are chipped, scuffed, paper all over and dirtyc) The hallway carpets (12th floor as a benchmark) are smelly and filthyd) There is garbage and random ice buckets scattered on the floor next to 1215 for three days of my staye) Rooms smell This property is going down hill and down hill fast. It will be horrid esthetically in no time if the management does not start providing upkeep to the property	
Apr 5 2008 	Not that Bad	We read a lot of the negative reviews after we had booked this hotel. We called the property to discuss our concerns and they assured that our room would be well taken care of during our stay. The room was fairly clean but rather small. The bathroom was acceptable but there wasn't much counter space and made getting ready a little difficult.The price (avg $109+tax for three nights) and location more than made up for the size of the room. For a big city, this was not too bad.	
Apr 3 2008 	Dirty	I stayed at the Red Roof once last month in Chicago for $99 a night, and my room had recently been renovated, was clean with a desk and ample outlets. The location is terrific.Based on those benefits, I decided to stay there again a few days ago. Bad idea. This time I was in a smelly room on the 6th floor that was dirty and dusty. The radiator was very loud and didn't make the room warm, so I finally gave up and turned it off. Plus my room rate was $140. I twice had difficulty getting into the room because my key didn't work. The hallways were narrow and dim, with streaks and scratch marks from people's luggage rubbing everywhere.The people at the front desk asnwer your questions, but do so with reluctance.So, if you decide to stay at the Red Roof, make sure you at least ask for a renovated room!	
Dec 3 2007 	Deplorable conditions terrible customer service	You know those hotels where everything goes wrong? This was it. Disgusting, old rooms. The hotel seems to be under the impression that if there is a flat panel TV in the lobby, that makes rooms wired with extension cords run under the carpet and yellow wallpaper acceptable. No hot water in the morning. We checked out, and had to check in to another hotel. They &quot;comped&quot; our rooms. Then mysterious charges appeared on our credit cards. By early December, they had resolved the credit card issues. Location near Michigan Ave. was obviously excellent, but it doesn't make up for such a truly awful hotel.	
Nov 6 2007	nice location nothing else	A girls weekend, the four of us checked in On Friday. When we started to unpack we notice a leak under the bathroom sink, apparently it had been there a while because of the rust stains.Then we notice the room was not fully vacuum and dirt around the edge of the bathroom floor. So we asked to be moved to another room. We looked at five total and decided that our room 1116 happened to be the cleanest of the six. We stay put until Saturday afternoon. We had packages to drop off drop and the room across the hall was being clean, we looked at it and asked if we could move to 1105 and not be charged anything extra. Yes the manager said. When we checked out Monday morning they wanted to charge us $100.00 more than what was agreed at check in. After talking with two managers at the same time, one being the manager from Sat and 30 minutes later, we were not charged the extra amount.Only two ice machines where working, one on floor 6 and one on floor 15. There are two coffee machines in the lobby however, only one of them worked.	
Oct 22 2007 	Perfect for my needs	This hotel is certainly not a 4 star class hotel, but I give it 4 stars based on value. To begin with, the location is superb. The week I visited, all hotels were booked and rates seemed to be averaging $250 to $400 per night. The rates at Red Roof Inn were below $150. My corner room on the 15th floor was clean, had a pleasant view of Ontario and Michigan Avenue and was cleaned every day. Granted, the building is old, but does have character. Though not huge, the room was large enough for my needs. No, there is no counter space in the bathroom, but I have encountered this shortcoming in a number of boutique hotels fitted with pedestal sinks. It didnt pose much of a problem. I dont know about the other rooms, but mine was fine. The ice machine on my floor worked fine.The room was outfitted with a small desk and chair, television and air conditioning that worked well, an iron and ironing board, plus a hair dryer. Shampoo and soaps were pretty generic. Id suggest packing travel sizes your favorites if it concerns you. Sheets were not designer label, but they were clean an the bed well made. Plenty of pillows.The staff was professional and extremely helpful. Plenty of wonderful restaurants within a block or two, convenience stores, drug stores - even a Trader Joes. In addition, I was told that within a few months, all rooms would undergo renovation. By all means, if you enjoy luxury accommodations and dont mind paying the price - take advantage of the numerous grand hotels in the area. If you are looking for safe, comfortable friendly lodging in a pristine location, the Red Roof Inn might be the hotel for you. It worked for me.	
Oct 22 2007	Mixed feelings..a more expensive version of the old Cass	When I thought about reveiwing this hotel I tried not to mention the old' Cass hotel but it really is unavoidable.What you get is about the same but for about twice the price. Now let's be fair the 'old' Cass now costs about three times as much and for the money/location I think that the Red Roof is now the only game in town on the Magnificent Mile.Plus Points:Location: Right on N Michigen AveCost: Average of $130 (plus 15% tax plus $5 hotel tax per night)Bad Points:Rooms a little care-worn although clean. A bit like our old friend the 'old' Cass. Carpets have seen better days but OK.Room very poorly litNoisy A/C although not really a problem for me as I can sleep throughanything!Sheets not changed daily Staff a little bit uninterested.Pet PeeveThe drinks vending machine was empty on arrival and still hadn't beenfilled on departure (seven days!)All in all OK and the best value you are going to get these days on the Magnificent Mile. Just don't expect The Ritz.	
Oct 22 2007 	Dirty room	Great location, staff helpful re. a/c that didn't work. We were prepared for old, grungy room but not for the dirt,hair,whatever in the corners and all around the edge of the carpet....also something splashed on headboard of one bed. Bathroom was clean but toilet seat not well attached on one side. They did give a $60 adjustment ( 4 nights there)when we mentioned the dirty room....we will try very hard to come up with something else next time!	
Oct 5 2007	Small Rooms Loud Noises..but close to everything!	Our first stop on our tour of the South was in Chicago at the Red Roof Inn. I was a little surprised to find quiet a small room when I opened the door. The room was ok and seems clean enough. I did notice the way the bathroom door did not stay open and slammed shut everytime one entered or exited the bathroom. You could also not expect to open the bathroom door and room door at the same time as there was not enough room to open both. We also had a street side room and noticed the &quot;singing&quot; of fire engines/ambulances constantly all through the night. As for location, this was by far the best hotel for that! We could walk outside turn the corner and hit the &quot;magnificent mile&quot; shops, water tower place, hancock observatory, wrigley building, and restaurants were very abundant as was a Trader's Joe for picking up any fresh fruit or bottled water. I must make note that one of the staff members, an asian girl, at the front desk was very unfriendly and unaccomadating. Could use a little lesson in customer service. While not a stellar hotel, location was definately a plus!	
Oct 5 2007 	Awful	What an awful experience.Walking into the room, I was stunned at how small it was. I couldn't believe they fit two double beds in there. The bed felt like I was sleeping on concrete, towels and sheets seemed to be made of sandpaper. And no matter what I did, the room was always cold and slightly damp. I didn't want to go barefoot anywhere in the room or bathroom. It looked clean enough, but I got the feeling it wasn't. The staff at the front desk was a joke. It took forever for to get someone to the desk to check out. I also asked for a wake up call. Good thing I set the alarm on my cell phone or I'd have overslept.	
Sep 23 2007 	Not even good enough for my dog !	WE stay at many USA hotels and this by far was one of the worst. We stayed one night and checked out and checked in across the street at the Marriott Courtyard. We were part of a wedding party and had multiple rooms reserved. Many family members ended up following us to the Marriott for the remainder of their stay. Upon check in at the Red Roof Inn, the check in procedure was disorganized, long and unimpressive. The elevators was not working and we had to tow our own luggage up the stairs. When we reached the correct floor, we were unable to find our room, due to missing room numbers. Finally finding our no number room, we entered into a very small room with two double beds that had dirty sheets and wrinkled sheets that obviously had been used before. There were not enough staff to bring us new sheets, we had to get new sheets from the front desk ourselves. We had to make both beds ourselves. The door jam had been forced before and the jam broken. The halls and room were in much need of renovations. The air unit was very noisey with a matallic banging noise all night-we were unable to get any sleep. We had to shut off the air and did not open the window because we were above an outdoor cafe and the chatter from the cafe was loud even with the windows closed-could not imagine how noisey it would be if the windows were opened. That is even if the windows could open. We checked out the very next morning and was given a full refund. So awful of a place and would not recommend this hotel even though the location was superb. We have stayed at other Red Roof hotels around the country and never had such a unpleasant experience with inferior accomendations.	
Aug 18 2007 	Worst Hotel I've ever stayed at!!!!!	This hotel was very inexpensive compared to others in the area and in a great location, however, I would never return to it again! The room smelled musty, the bathroom tub didn't drain, and there were stains on the sheet and carpet. The lobby had been remodeled and was ok for an inexpensive hotel, but the rooms are in desperate need of work. Only stay here if your budget doesn't allow for anything else and location is a major priority! This is a Motel 6 wanna be!!!	
Aug 14 2007 	Wouldn't stay here again	The location is perfect and the staff were pleasant enough, but the rooms are ridiculously small. This was bearable, but my biggest beef is with housekeeping. We stayed from Thursday to Monday and we had maid service only once after specifically requesting it. They made the bed and replaced the towels, but didn't empty the trash or clean the bathroom. The second time they showed up, they thought the room was vacant and so they walked right in to find me standing in nothing but a towel. For the rest of our stay, we just walked into the housekeeping closet and helped ourselves to clean towels.It's a fine enough place otherwise. But don't expect to come back to clean room at the end of the day. I'm not especially picky, but for $190 CAD per night, I expect the bed to be made, clean towels, and the trash to be taken out.	
Jul 18 2007	Get Out While You Can!!!	About the only pro was that they allowed my party to check in early. Cons: The price I was given for my room was not the price I was charged. I was actually charged $80.00 more a night. (Problem was fixed after four straight days of trying to talk to a manager. They kept blowing me off, that did not make me happy.)The first room I was given had problems with the water draining out of the bath tub.The second room was smaller than my first room (which I could hardly imagine anything smaller than room 1, but they did it).When we closed the curtain gnats came out.The bathroom had a horrible odor.Only one elevator worked and it was slow. They had to call the fire department because something happened to it.The beds were the most uncomfortable things I have ever slept on. You might as well have been sleeping on the floor. The towels and wash cloths were terrible. They were extremely rough and thin. Overall, this was a horrible hotel. I understand that the price was low for the location. However, this is no excuse for any of the above.	
Jul 12 2007 	Lots of issues- all bad	We ended up with one of the &quot;bad&quot; rooms that others have mentioned. Toilet tank half open, and what you could see inside was a rank combo of mildew and dirt. Generally dirty bathroom with sink and shower not wanting to drain. Dirty carpet that left our socks black, and a musty smell and really loud air conditioner. I went downstairs and asked for an upgrade, and there were no other rooms to be had. The clerk was honest enough to say that about half the rooms had been refurbished, so if you must stay here, ask for a refurbished room. When I went to check out, the clerk refused to check me out because he was running late to get to his day job. He left the front desk unattended, and I had to wait 30 minutes for a new clerk to arrive. Also, do not store your luggage here. When you ask to get your stored luggage, they hand you a key and you get it yourself. I could have taken anything I fancied.	
Jul 9 2007	great location - good night sleep	We attended from Ohio for a wedding. Compared to other area prices it was a steal. I planned only to cleanse and sleep in my room and it was more than adequate. Plan to return in the fall to enjoy more of the city.	
Jul 8 2007 	Great Location and a Good Experience	From reading the posts prior to coming to Chicago and staying at the Red Roof Inn I was not sure what to expect. But from our own experience we were pleasantly surprised. From the start the staff were very friendly and helpful. We were here for the July 4th holiday.We stayed on the 9th floor and had a corner room. Our room was updated, clean, and our air conditioner worked well. We had a great view of the city and N. Michigan Ave. I think for a $129.00 a night in a city like Chicago and the location of the hotel you cannot beat what we got. If you are looking for 5 star this is not for you. I have to say our room was cleaned everyday!! We live in NYC and know that we would never find this hotel for the price ANYWHERE!! If your looking for a great location in Chicago, no thrills, and not looking for a fancy hotel room and spending hours in it, this is the place for you.It is really close to Navy Pier, Magnificent mile, all shopping, several GREAT restaurants, and public transportation. Some of our favorite restaurants were:Weber Grill (great burgers, ribs, and steak)Bice restaurant, which happens to be next to hotel (Italian)Ballo's (Italian) You must try the meatballs!!!Gino's East Pizza (great deep dish pizza) the 45 min. wait is worth it.Grand Lux Cafe (great breakfast)Tempo Cafe (another great breakfast) order an omlet or pancakesAll of the above were reasonably priced and simply delicious.!!Overall we had a great time in Chicago and would go back again and for the price and location would stay at the Red Roof Inn again.	
Jul 4 2007 	Got what we expected. Decent great local.	Read all reviews here so we were a little nervous, but were pleasently surprised. We paid 120 a night with Sam's Club membership.We only spent time in the room to sleep, but that is all we needed it for.We were within walking distance of Navy Pier, Broadway in Chicago, Milineum Park, Sears Tower &amp; the Hancock Building, etc. Valet parked our car and we never used it again for the next 5 days.Only complaint is the elevator was very slow &amp; small. We were on the 12th floor and it took a while for the thing to get to the lobby. Room was very small but again we only used to sleep &amp; bath.I will definetly go back. The price was less than half of the next cheapest we could find.	
Jul 1 2007 	Hated the Red Roof Inn	I went in knowing that the room would be very basic and didn't expect much except clean. The room was horrible. Stuffing coming out of the sofa cushions. A toliet seat that clearly hadn't been cleaned. The air vent above the showere filled with dirt and dust. The outlet in the bedroom had no face plate and to top it all off our &quot;clean&quot; towel had dried blood on it. NEVER AGAIN would I stay there.	
Jun 22 2007 	Locatin location location	I am so glad that I read the reviews on TripAdvisor and reserved a room here. I knew exactly what to expect - not so great room in an incredible location. My boyfriend and I are traveling across the country quickly and only had one day to experience Chicago. We didn't have time to stay somewhere cheaper outside town and take transit or drive and park. We arrived at midnight - the valet parked our car. We didn't see the car again until we left. The staff was polite, but not overly friendly, but we had everything we needed. We crashed as soon as we got into the room, which was very small as indicated on this website. We woke up and hit Chicago, which a half a block away. This hotel is in the best neighborhood - incredible. We walked all over the place during the day and did our sightseeing. We stopped at the room for a quick change of clothes and shower and hit the streets for dinner. The next morning we hit the streets and left. The only negative comment I have is about the air conditioner, which wasn't negative for us. We love having loud white noise in hotel rooms - especially in loud cities. It drowned out any other noise. But if you are used to quiet at night, this air conditioner probably would have bothered you. But the downtown location would probably bother you too. I loved this hotel and would stay again. All the other hotels in the neighborhood were $300+ per night. We paid ~$170 for the Red Roof Inn. If you are picky and want to hang out in a perfect hotel room, this is not for you.	
Jun 20 2007 	Can't beat the location but wouldn't stay again for anything	Like others have noted, the reason to stay here is the price and location alone. Don't expect any extras, unless you consider a hair dryer and A/C big perks. Room was small and wasn't that clean and the housekeeper didn't bother to come until our third day there. The shower did not drain--disgusting--and housekeeping could not fix it. A/C was full blast or nothing.We came with our toddler and received a crib, but it was stained and old. No refrigerator in our &quot;standard&quot; room, either. Not the best place to bring young children, but we survived. There is an Italian restaurant there, but notfor families with young ones. To their credit, when checking out I mentioned the drain problem and I rec'd an $80 credit adjustment.	
Jun 17 2007 	Good hotel no problems at all	We have stayed at the Red Roof Inn for 3 days early May. I hesitated for a long time to stay here because of all the bad comments. But for us it was a pleasant surprise. Location perfect.Reception very nice and helpfull. We arrived too early and the room we booked had not been cleaned. We left our baggage and came back after lunch, about 3.00 p.m.Because the room was still not ready they offered us an upgrade to a bigger room without any costs. A nice corner room, with 2 beds, a desk and 2 chairs. Everything was clean.So no complaints at all for $ 116.00 per night!We would come back here again.	
Jun 14 2007 	Couldn't wait to leave	I should have known better after reading some other comments, but I thought I'd take a chance......big mistake.........filthy...walk barefoot on the carpeting and the bottom of your feet are blackened.......small does not define the bathroom(not even compared to some in Europe)....part of the wall under the shower came crashing into the tub....what an experience......never thought I could say this, but I would have rather paid to stay somewhere else, than stay there for free!!!	
Jun 7 2007 	Value Hotel Stands on Excellent Location	i stayed there for 3-nights, that was good experience. All of the hotel was average. My room at 2nd-floor was not spacious but okey. Staffs were not so helpful, but polite enough.Although only 1-block distance from Magnificent Mile, the rate had so much value. So, I recommend this hotel for economy travellers.	
May 4 2007 	You get what you pay for	The Red Roof is not the most luxurious of hotels but is functional and well located and I would recommend it if you're looking for somewhere to stay on a budget in downtown Chicago.True, the rooms are not huge and the customer service is not great but our rooms were clean and quiet and for the price we paid I would not expect any more.If you want an upmarket hotel, don't stay here, if you want a location right on the Magnificant Mile at a fair price this is a decent option.	
May 3 2007	basic hotel good location	This is a basic hotel in a good location. The halls are tired, narrow, dirty and noisy. The room is small with a smell of cleaning products covering mildew. No chair or desk in the room. Sheets were clean, towels were small and threadbare. The most challenging aspect was that the door to the bathroom would not stay open. You have to prop it open with the waste basket in order to get any ventilation. It's not the kind of place you take your shoes off in the room. The front desk staff is nice, if under trained. For the location the price is very reasonable. Even though I'm not giving it a very good review, I'd probably stay there again if I couldn't find a better price in the area.	
Apr 14 2007 	Downtown location not as shown on website	Room was not as featured on website. Too small for conference stay --no desk or chair -- barely enough room for the beds. Not vacuumed prior to arrival- required a call to housekeeping. Refills of daily needs had to be requested- shampoo, glasses, toilet paper. Nice folksworking there, though. Location was good for conference, shopping, restaurants. If money is your only concern, this is the place. Otherwise, we recommend that you call for reservations and ensure that the room meets your needs. There are larger rooms but paying in advance prevented us from upgrading our room, which we attempted to do.	
Apr 6 2007	Disliked the Red Roof Inn	Chicago: Red Roof Inn Chicago,Illinois Ontario St &quot;Not so clean''Date: April 6th 2007Reviewer: VistorOur family just returned from our trip to Chicago. We stayed in the Red Roof Inn. The first night we stayed there it was okay. When we woke up the next morning my son had really big bumps on his leg all over! My mom went to the front desk and asked them if they clean the beds a lot.They said they change them daily. We went to sleep the next night and he still had them but worse. We asked them about it and they said they are pet friendly. When we left they wern't concered about it. We really didn't like our stay at the Red Roof Inn.	
Mar 10 2007 	happy with the Red Roof	Receptionist was extremely nice- while we ordered a queen bedroom, she offered to upgrade us with no extra charge to a king bedroom, and also ask for our preferences whether we want upper or lower floor. Also asked if we would be using a laptop and anyhow gave us a very nice and spacious room (1002), which looked like it was quite recently renovated.As previous posts, I concur that the location couldn't be better. On the street the hotel is located are both a good Indian (&quot;Indian Garden&quot;) and Italian restaurant (&quot;Bice&quot;). Also, as recommended in previous posts- the &quot;West egg cafe&quot; is an excellent breakfast option.There is also a cinema complex near by on Ohio st. (just across a &quot;Virgin&quot; mega store).Our only complaint was that this red roof is a t-mobile hotspot, and it didn't function well. We bought a pre-paid weekly pass, and had a lot of problems both with the initial connection to the service and in later on usages. Still, I'm guessing the problem is more related to t-mobile service than to the red roof.Anyhow found the red roof to be a really good deal and had a pleasant stay there.	
Feb 28 2007 	Great location but better off with Priceline	There is only one reason to stay here - the location 1 block off Michigan Avenue and a few blocks from Lake Michigan is great.That said, there are many reasons not to:- rooms are incredibly small by American standards, and even compared to city centre hotels in a number of European cities- there is no charm- staff is neither rude nor customer service focused- in the summer, you'll tend to get fellow guests in the early 20s looking for a cheap place to stay while they party in Chicago, which may or may not be desirable to you- it's not as &quot;renovated&quot; as they lead you to believe- while not dirty, the room wasn't cleanBut most of all, reviewers focus on the price. Sorry, but that just isn't a sufficient reason to stay here when you can use Priceline. If you've never used Priceline, consider Chicago a great chance to start. In April 2006 I booked a room at the Hyatt Regency on Wacker through Priceline for $75 each night and again booked the same rate during our trip in February 2007 at the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza. In addition to simply being nicer hotels, both rooms were 2 to 4 times larger than our room at the Red Roof. Literally...So, if location is all you care about, Red Roof can be a good find. If your focus is location and price, due yourself a favor and try Priceline first. You won't regret it, even if you pay a little more. If your focus is anything else, don't think about staying here.	
Jan 23 2007	Not Worth the Savings	My husband and I got a &quot;VIP&quot;pass at any Red Roof Inn because we had such a DREADFUL stay in the St. Louis location LAST year. We decided to try the &quot;Redesigned Rededicated &quot; Chicago site last weekend. The ONLY thing this hotel has going for it, is the location, right off Michigan Avenue. If not for that, you would think you've landed in some tenement in a seedy side of town.We were greeted by the desk clerk in a friendly fashion, and given our room keys to our 9th floor room. We took the elevator to the 9th floor, and found our room in the corner. The room was no larger than a small college dorm room, and was about 50 degrees! It was shabbily decorated with drab, dirty-looking bedspreads, and non-descript walls. We turned on the heat immediately, and to our surprise the heater started buzzing very loudly. We both agreed we would NOT be able to sleep through the noise, so I asked for another room at the front desk. The clerk seemed surprised that anything was wrong in the first room, but gave us keys to another room on the 2nd floor. (I wondered why he didn't give me this room the FIRST time instead of shippng us up to the 9th)We took our overnight bags to the &quot;new, improved&quot; room, to the 2nd floor to open the elevator door to the overwhelming smell of cigarette smoke. Since I had requested a non-smoking room, this did not bode well. However, once we got into our room (again in the corner) and shut the door, the smoke odor was not obtrusive. We decided this room would be &quot;fine&quot; for just an overnight stay. It was slightly larger, but still very small and drab. The window curtains had to be either SHUT completely or opened to all of the other high rises around, as there was no under-liner to let in just the light, but give you privacy. The room being claustrophobicly small, we chose to leave the curtains open until bedtime.Bathroom facilities were minimal......tiny sink, with no place to put toiletries......old tub and toilet that needed to be replumbed, since the toilet &quot;ran on&quot; all night long, even after several attempts to &quot;jiggle the handle&quot;. There was a very narrow shelf over the toilet, but it leaned down toward the toilet, so nothing could be placed here unless you wanted it IN the toilet.If all you require is a place to lay your head that is right off the magnificent mile, and are not going to be spending any time in your room, I suppose this hotel would fit the bill. It IS much cheaper than most. I will say the sheets seemed clean, as did the towels, but the bedspread was questionable at best.We've decided we're going to steer clear of the RED ROOF from here on. It's left a bad taste in our mouths twice in two years. Like the old saying goes, &quot;Fool me once, shame on you.......fool me twice, shame on me!&quot;	
Jan 16 2007	great location basic stay	I travelled to this hotel with my Girl Scout troop. We were looking for the best location for as little money as we could get away with. The Red Roof Inn was perfect. The rooms are small, but we weren't in the room for more than sleeping and showers. The front desk staff was very helpful and understood that we were travelling on a tight budget. The hotel was fairly quiet for being so close to Michigan Avenue, we only heard a few ambulances. I would highly recommend this hotel to budget-minded families who want a downtown experience.	
Jan 15 2007 	Cheap and cheerfull	I booked the Red Roof Inn but didn't expect all that much based on the reviews from here and other sites.However what we got was quite surprising! It wasn't the most fabulous of hotels but it was more than worth what we paid and unless you plan on staying in the hotel all day, you don't need much more than what you get from the place! The reception staff were really really nice. They gave us extra pillows, towels and hangers. Not just one or two like most hotels - they gave us loads. The people behind reception were helpful and friendly. We asked for a few things during our stay and they were super helpful.The room was huge! It was basic but that's what I expected. It had a king size bed when I'm pretty sure I booked a double - bonus! The only bad thing was the fact that the window didn't open but it's to be expected. It was cleaned daily and was always spotless. The location is brilliant. Short walk from Navy Pier, John Hancock Centre, Michigan Avenue and most importantly the Herseys shop!!!!I was so surprised by the Red Roof Inn. I was expecting to be a bit disappointed but it was pretty cool! Would defo stay again.	
Jan 6 2007 	"Abandoned" Property?	Everything was satisfactory at this unremarkable hotel, until after we checked out of our room and got to the airport. It was then my husband remembered that he when he took his shoes off the night before, he put them under the bed and forgot to pack them. I called the hotel from the airport (it was only two hours after we checked out) and reported the forgotten shoes. The front desk clerk said there was nothing he could do about it right then and to call back later. I called back a few hours later and he said no shoes had been turned in by the housekeeping staff, but to call back the next morning. I did...and still no shoes were turned in. I found this rather odd b/c my husband knows he left the shoes there and I told them exactly where to find them. I called the Red Roof corporate office and told them about this, and three days later I got a letter saying that any property left in the rooms is considered 'abandoned property.' Abandoned property? Even after I called and reported it within two hours? Somehow I envision a maid's boyfriend or husband walking around with my husband's almost new $150 pair of Timberland shoes. Never will I stay here again or ANY Red Roof in the future. (Before this incident, our overall stay was okay, but the front desk staff could sure use an attitude adjustment. The front desk girl was on a very personal call when we checked in and had us wait while she finished making her after-work plans.)	
Dec 12 2006 	Never Again...	As mentioned, the location of this hotel is great and that's about where it ends. The staff was indifferent and non attentive. When we first checked in, the first room we were given wasn't cleaned yet. So we called down to the front and she was non apologetic and just said, come down and i'll give you another room. So back down we went to get a room 3 floors lower.The bathroom left much to be desired with nothing but a tiny sink and toilet- no vanity space, nothing. The room overall was drab and seemed dirty. The windows were so filthy you couldn't see out them. The heater went full blast all the time - there's no other option. 2 tiny pillows, a nasty brown blanket, crunchy sheets and a bedspread that hasn't been washed in a while make up the bed.We stayed here to save a few bucks (we've stayed previously at the Fairfield right down the block) and we'll never do that again. After a busy day in the city, this room wasn't a relaxing refuge to come back to.	
Nov 28 2006 	Great little place	Great hotel. Rooms were a little narrow, but for the price paid, I expected a lot less. Room was very clean, quiet considering it was in a busy area. Good location, excellent for tourists looking to get a good night's sleep or a short stumble home after a big night out. Checked in very early, 9am, and had no hassles considering their recommendations are 2pm. Friendly and helpful service.	
Nov 28 2006 	Fantastic Location for basic rates	Just spent three nights at the red roof inn and have no complaints. The hotel is basic as you would expect for the rates but rooms where clean and big enough. Plenty of good places to grab breakfast all within a block if the complimentary coffee in the lobby isn't enough for you.Big selling point for red roof though is location, literally on the Mag Mile which is fantastic and surprisingly clean and hassle free! As w a whole would recommend Chicago and hotel. Worth jumpimg in a taxi (about $15) to wrigleyville for a night out plenty of cool bars.One complaint about hotel, must be on a hospital run as can occasionally hear the wailing of ambulance sirens at night. All in all though good value	
Nov 18 2006 	Great Location	OK, so this place is not the Ritz! But what it does have is a fantastic location and rates that cannot be had within a seven block radius on the Magnificent Mile. From here the city of Chicago is laid at your feet for the exploring.The rooms are a bit dated, but I had no troube with cleanliness and my room was spotless. Rooms smaller than normally found in the US, but massive by European standards. Front of house staff were generally helpful and Lashanna in particular was outstanding! Nothing was ever too much trouble for her and she was professional and pleasant throughout.Main down points are the lack of complimentary wireless Internet and breakfast although you can purchase wifi access cards and there is good reception in the room,there is free coffee and tea served all day in the Lounge. Overall, a great choice if you want to see Chicago on a budget.	
Nov 13 2006 	Terrible Hotel - Too Cramped and Uncomfortable	I stayed at the Red Roof Inn Chicago for the Chicago Marathon weekend. It was a dreaful experience to put it nicely. Here is my list of reasons NOT to stay at this property.1. Front desk staff unattentive and unknowledgable2. Cramped rooms - I've stayed at the W in the financial district and the room was the same size, but did NOT feel cramped.3. Heating system did not work properly - either too hot or too cold4. You could feel the coils through the bed - not good for post-marathon sleep.5. Shower did not have hot water - only took lukewarm showers.6. I booked a room in January and they gave me an &quot;accessible&quot; room - no bathtub!7. No free internet access!On top of all that they were refacing the front part of the building and I had a layer of dirt on my clothes and the bed. I could not believe how horrible that was! I was blowing my nose all weekend - I asked to change rooms and they were unapologetic and did not work with me.DON'T stay at this hotel... there are far better properties in Chicago!!	
Oct 30 2006 	Below Average	Why is this hotel such a great deal for being just steps from Michigan Avenue? Because the rooms need serious attention!Housecleaning vacuumed, but didn't bother to go into the corners or next to the bed (we found skittles, M&amp;M's, Advil, and dust bunnies on the floor). They must have used a dirty rag to clean the bathroom. Hair on the walls in the soap tray and top of toilet. The toilet seat was falling off, and when we arrived, there was no soap or extra toilet paper (OOPS!). The bathroom smelled like urine which made us wonder if they even bothered to use disinfectant cleaner. We realized that it was Halloween, but did not appreciate the REAL spider webs all over the windows.Last, but not least, there is a hospital nearby and Ontario is the one way street that the ambulances use to race to the scene with loud sirens and honking horns. Remember, accidents happen at ALL times of the day and night, even at three in the morning. Bring your earplugs!We stayed at this hotel because it was one of the cheapest near MIchigan Ave., and we were just looking for a place to sleep. Now we know why it was so cheap and NOW YOU KNOW WHY ALSO.If you are bringing children, do not even think about staying at this dirty, unsanitary, siren screaming hotel.Buyer beware! You get what you pay for.	
Oct 6 2006 	Budget-minded Bliss	Nine friends and I decided to stay here while we were in town to run the Chicago Half Marathon. We all wanted to be near shopping and good dining, too , so I suggested the Red Roof Inn Downtown based on other reviews I had read on Trip Advisor. Great Location and great value! Rooms were clean and the staff was okay (some more accomodating than others). After reading about the small rooms, we booked double deluxe rooms (four women / room) . The size was just fine for our needs. However, we could not get rooms next to each other as there is only one doulbe deluxe room per floor. We were able to get a late checkout (so that we could shower up after the race before the long ride home). The staff seemed hesitant to grant this request, but when we explained the reason why, they relented. I would not hesitate to stay here again or to recommend this place to buget-minded travellers.	
Aug 29 2006 	Great location for the money we paid	My husband and I just got back from a weeklong trip to Chicago.I was adamant to stay in the downtown or Mag Mile areas despite the high room rates because I wanted us to be in the middle of everything. But we were on a budget.The pros: Rates about half of those for hotels just across the street. Clean rooms and quiet, considering the location of downtown. We had the choice of several king size rooms on different floors - getting a 5th floor room was ideal as it kept noise to a minimum.Location - just a short walk to Water Tower and Hancock. Michigan one block over.A great breakfast place just down the street - the West Egg Cafe.Free coffee, hot water for tea and hot chocolate available at all timesA 24 hour Dunkin Donuts/Baskin Robbins is across the streetPatient staff who answers questions of first time visitors instead of brushing them offWe will definitely recommend them for anyone on a budget who wants to stay in downtown/Mag Mile Chicago.	
Aug 19 2006	Value and convenience	On the advice of other TripAdvisor members, I requested a king size bed. The room was small, but there was enough room for one person. With two people, it would be quite cozy. Three people - e.g., parents and a child - well, it's probably best to pick a location and stick with it. The elevators are a bit on the slow side. The hallways are narrow and tired looking, but the rooms are fine. The mattress was in good shape, not too soft, not too hard. There are reading lights over the bed and a desk and lamp. The bathrooms are small and the door will not stay open. And if you had the door open you couldn't use the toilet, anyway. There was plenty of hot water. There is no extra counter space. My sink and toilet top slanted forward, so anything not carefully place would slide into the sink or toilet. The tub is not low sided nor does it have grab bars, so if you have a disability plan ahead to get a room that is accessible. The tub does have some texture on the bottom so it is not slippery.Wi fi is available for a fee. If you are only there for a day or two you might want to get day passes ($9.99). One month's access is $39.99. I lucked out and got an end room, which had two windows, so connection strength was excellent. The desk clerk said it was not very good in some rooms, in which case the guest has to come down to the lobby.The lobby is nice with places to sit, a TV, and tourist info. There are two machines that offer a variety of coffees, hot water, and hot chocolate all day. There are no steps to deal with, an automatic door, and valet parking available.But the shortcomings of this place are overlooked by the great value and great location. It's cheaper or as cheap as any other place downtown. With an AAA discount, my rates ranged from $80-$98/night (depending on whether it was a weekday or weeknight). It's within easy walking distance of many restaurants, some of which are recommended in travel guides. There are small food stores, drugstores and a laundromat within a few block radius. There is a subway station about 4-5 blocks away, but Michigan Avenue is but a block away and you can catch many buses there. While the room is average, the problems can be overlooked. I rate this property above average because of price and location.	
Aug 16 2006 	Great value for money for Chicago	I was a bit worried about this place from some of the reviews....but I needn't have been. The staff was courtious, the hotel was clean (albiet small), and the location could not be better. If you like luxury hotels and spend most of your time on vacation in your hotel room...splurge and stay somplace else. But if you intend to spend your time experiencing Chicago and just sleeping in your room at night....this is the place for you (and you'll save yourself a good $100 per night!) I paid $140/night.	
Aug 4 2006 	Excellent value	We stayed at the Red Roof over the July 4th holiday, we have stayed in Chicago before and have paid more than $220 for a nice hotel, this cost us $110 a night inclusive of tax. The rooms are very clean and whilst reviews on this site state the rooms are tiny I would say they are smaller than a standard motel room but not tiny(we were travelling route 66 and this was our first stop on a 3 week stay so we had plenty of luggage). The location as most reviews have stated is superb and cannot really be beaten. The free coffee in the foyer is a nice touch in a morning although it is available 24 hours. Overall we were impressed with the Red Roof and would have no hesitation whatsoever in staying again,	
Jul 24 2006 	Great Location	Stayed for 3 nights. Originally rqstd one bed-got two (booked on-line 3rd party). Room quite small w/two beds. Have to shift body sideways to let other person by, though rooms/bath (tiny) are very clean. Went to front desk that evening and spoke w/Allyn who was incapable of a securing a next day room change and was told to speak to anyone the next morning. Valerie the next morning, was quick and courteous to help locate a one bedded room. Rm804 queen. Though it was a smoking room, what a difference! Much roomier room and bathroom; figured out it was a handicap room, complete w/writing desk and chair. Definitely made the stay more enjoyable. Thanks again to Valerie who was kind and helpful! Erica was great at c\i &amp; c\o, and w/local brkfst. recommendations. Go to West Egg Cafe for breakfast 'til 3pm, if your a late sleeper, two blocks away. All $hopping w/in walking distance. KING TUT exhibit 'til Jan.30 is disappointing-no sarcophagus. Get tickets in advance, sells out quickly for the day.	
Jul 18 2006	Loved the Red Roof Inn	We stayed at the Red Roof Inn in downtown Chicago in June, 2006, after reading the reviews at this website. The rooms were tiny, as are most in the high rise hotels in Chicago, but very clean and well equipped. I brought my own coffee maker to use in the room because they don't have them, but they have gourmet coffees available in the lobby 24 hours a day. There is also a Starbucks right across the street. The hotel is very centrally located, walking distance to just about everything. It is a little noisy with all the traffic if you want to sleep in, but great for being in the midst of everything. The hotel staff was extremely friendly and helpful, and everyone always had a smile on their face. The parking was extremely expensive, and the amount changed from when I called to inquire about it. The website said to call for current rates, I called two nights before my arrival date. They said $28.00, and then it was $33.00 a day by the time I checked out. They apparently switched valet companies on me during my stay. But other than that, it was a great place to stay, much cheaper than the surrounding hotels, and I would stay again in a second!	
Jul 11 2006	Great Location good value	We booked the hotel based on the comments below and agreed it's a good value for money. It's located in the hotels district which is close to many restaurants, cinema and just next to the shopping street. The following sights are all within walking distance: Museum of Contemporary Art, HIstoric Water Tower and Pumping Station, LUMA (which is showing a very interesting exhibition &quot;The Gods as We Shape Them&quot; through Sep 10) and the Hershey's Chicago store.	
Jul 6 2006	Wonderful location nice rooms great service	We visited Chicago for the first time June 30, 2006 - July 3, 2006. We booked the Red Roof Inn - Chicago based on price and the reviews on this website and other travel books. It was wonderful. I am used to staying in very nice, expensive hotels but I didn't want to pay Four Seasons or Intercontinental prices for this trip. We booked our room for $107 a night which is a steal. That was with a AAA motor club discount. The location is amazing. It is half a block from the Magnificent Mile, it is in a safe, well lit area. There are many restaurants near by (next door, across the street) which stay open VERY late. As we have never been to Chicago before but to NYC, Boston and LA many times, we were not used to city stores/restaurants shutting down early. That wasn't a problem in the area we were. Check in was very quick and easy. We had such a great rate that the front desk man actually asked when we booked because he had not seen a rate that low in ages. He also said they were not participating in the AAA discount anymore (which was not a problem for us and we had booked when they still took that discount). We requested a king bed, non smoking, renovated room facing Ontario St. I read in many online/book reviews that rooms facing Ontario St had more light and better views. They were nice enough to oblige and we got everything we requested. Our corner room was on the 11th floor and it was very nice. The only complaint I had was that it smelled musty. I think the smell was coming from the air conditioner. But we got used to it. The room was nicely appointed (king bed, tv, alarm clock, night stands, desk, chairs) and it was spotlessly clean. The bed was comfortable (and I have a very bad neck/back). The view was very nice. We had a view of Michigan Ave from one window and of Ontario St from another window. The bathroom was fine. It definitely was small but clean and the bath/shower has a curved rod so there is more room. The room looked just like it did in the pictures online. I would have taken pics for this review but I forgot my camera!The elevator was small and slow and not air conditioned but that was easy to deal with. They have valets (which we did not use) and sort of door men who called cabs for us.Free coffee, hot chocolate, tea in the lobby. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 2 2006	Great location and good value for money!	We stayed at the Red Roof Inn, Chicago, for 4 nights in June. The location is great - a half block from the Magnificent Mile (Michigan Ave) - lots of shopping. We walked to most locations. Caught the Chicago hop-on/hop-off bus for the first 2 days. The first day we re-acquainted ourselves with the city (it's been 6 or 7 years since we last visited Chicago.) We took the Heritage bus tour too. The next day we hopped off at the Museum of Science and Industry and saw the wonderful Da Vinci Exhibition. Another day, we boarded the Wendella Chicago River and Lake cruise (1 1/2hrs). It was a beautiful clear blue sky day and the tour was another 'winner'! The Inn is in an area that's scattered with lots of eateries - TGIF, O'Neill's Bar, a cute all-day Corner cafe where lots of locals eat/take-away breakfast/lunch etc and a chinese restaurant across the road from the RR Inn and the usual take-away 'joints'... your choice of food and prices... Check-in/check-out were quick and painless (I had booked on the web and pre-paid) Front Desk staff were friendly and obliging when we asked for advice on where to get a snack. Our 10th floor room was small, but had a really comfortable king size bed (my husband is 6'4&quot; and I really appreciated that the request for a queen size bed, had been taken into consideration). The bathroom was small - shower/bath combination. The toilet was also in the bathroom. Our airconditioned room overlooked the street and the building opposite. It was quiet enough (just the usual doors slamming in the corridor with inconsiderate patrons) Chicago is a clean, green (Australia is still suffering from drought conditions!) and the architecture is wonderful!	
Jun 12 2006	Good Location small rooms!	This is a great location when visiting Chicago. It is within walking distance of everything. The hotel staff is very nice and easy to work with. The rooms and the elevators are TINY!! Two people couldn't walk around at the same time. We had one room with a king size bed and a different room with 2 doubles and the beds took up the entire room. The elevator was very small. It was clastrophobic. Our a/c was broken, so the staff transferred us to another room. The staff was very knowledgeable when it came to the train station. Very good stay except for the size of the rooms.	
Jun 1 2006	A perfect location	I recently stayed for 1 night at the Red Roof Inn downtown Chicago, I booked it tjrough Expedia and got a very good deal.I was very surprised when I arrived, to discover its location, for this price, it was VERY centraly located, around the corner from Michigan Avenue.The hotel is not the best I have stayed, but for this budget it worked fine for me.The rooms are a bit dated and need refurbishement, but bathrooms are very nice and clean.Moroeover the frontdesk and cleaning staff were very nice and helpful, doing their best to please us.One thing was missing though : no restaurant to get breakfast at the hotel, there is only a free coffee machine in the lobby..but it was no problem for us as there was plenty of places to eat in the morning, especially a nice bakery with a terrace around the corner from the hotel.Overall I would recommend it to travellers on a budget looking for clean, cheap &amp; central accomodation in Chicago.	
May 23 2006	Very good value and location	I agree with many of the positive comments written so far about the Red roof. Rooms are indeed quite small, but we took the business king suite (10$ more than a regular room) that had two washrooms, a king bed and a queen sleeper sofa  perfect for two adults and three children. There was a fridge + microwave, two TVs and everything was quite clean. It's a great location, and for the price, a very good deal. The staff is also very helpful.Finally, I share the same opinion with others that mentioned that it's an older building, with elevators that are rather small and slow and the noise from the street can sometimes be heard. That being said, I find those points to be rather secondary in relation to the other good aspects of this hotel.	
May 12 2006 	Borderline Accommodations	I stayed here on business May 2. You get what you pay for. It was the least expensive suite hotel in the area and for a reason. Just a little creepy based on the clientele, hotel staff and old building. I stayed here to see if I could/should bring my family here this summer for sightseeing. Compared it to the Seneca and Homewood Suites and will choose one of the others. Red Roof has the best location but just barely met my modest standards. It isn't for the family.	
May 5 2006	Good location	This hotel could not be in a better location. It is a block from the Magnificent Mile and some really good restaurants (including The Cheesecake Factory). The lobby has just been updated and the staff was very nice but the rest of the hotel is very old and a little run down. The rooms were very small and not very nice but we were just there for a long weekend and it worked. As long as you are not claustrophobic you should be ok. The lobby has plenty of information for visitors and taxis are easy to catch out front. Because everthing is tight fitted, noise is an issue for those morning birds or late night guests who don't know how to respect other guests. You should request a low floor because the elevator seems to always be crowded and takes forever. Also, don't plan on showering before check out time because there was no hot water!	
Apr 30 2006	Good location clean (but small) rooms	For the price, a very good deal. It's a great location, and our room was clean--if quite small--with a comfortable, king-sized bed and small desk with comfortable chair and 25 inch TV.It's an older building, so the heaters are noisy and not always totally effective, and the elevator is tiny and slow (especially if you stay on the top floor). Also, keep in mind it's often used by school groups, and the walls aren't especially thick, so it can be noisy at times, but we never had trouble sleeping. Staff are friendly and helpful.	
Apr 23 2006	Location Location Location	The best thing about this hotel is it's location. You cannot move for shops restaurants, bars etc.The price of the hotel was reasonable and in comparison to the other hotels in the immediate area was probably quite cheap.The hotel is in an old building. The foyer has been modernised and is quite comfortable with very good friendly staff. The lifts to the rooms are small and are often quite busy. The rooms themselves are small and whilst the bartroom was clean it was evident that the hoover did not reach the corners of the room with a thin layer of dust running around the edge.If you are fussy kind of person then you will find plenty to fault this hotel. If you are using it as a base for exploring this great city, are not spending too long inside the rooms and are sensible with your money then this hotel makes a great deal of sense.	
Apr 19 2006 	Great small hotel -- keep fire safety in mind	The Red Roof Inn Chicago is a great small hotel property in the city and the location is prime. It's just a few blocks away from the main thoroughfares and in a good neighborhood between the hospital campus, other hotels, and busy restaurants.Front desk staff is very courteous and the few times I called for assisance I got quick responses. Like many old properties hallways are small, elevators smaller, and rooms are not traditional U.S. size. But they are not jammed either and the owners have invested in contuing upgrades to the public areas and rooms and the decor is very current in all areas with good lighting and comfortable furnishings.Not many people consider fire safety when they select a hotel, and older properties have their own challenges. Nevertheless, my stay at the Red Roof Chicago was the first time in a while that I was conscious of the fact that I was in a building with no central sprinklers, and the two exit stairs consist of one internal staircase around the corner from the main hallway, and a rear fire ESCAPE (i.e. an outside metal-mounted staircase/ladder), not a stairwell. Federal employees generally are required to stay in newer properties with more fire safety systems, and I am in no way suggesting that the property is not safe -- in fact, hallways were always clear, well-lit, alarm system appeard to be upgraded, and there are fire extinguishers/hoses. But it's worth remembering that not all hotels have the same level of life safety technology available. At the very least, just being a little more aware of fire exit locations is a good idea when staying in an older property like this one.	
Apr 19 2006	Great Location but Horrible Hotel	I travel all over the world and I would not stay at this hotel again. Although the location is perfect, the place is old and disgusting. There was hair all over the bathroom walls and the floor was dirty. One crumby dresser with a TV on top. The room was tiny. Heat was broken and noisy and we ended up getting $50 off because they couldn't fix it. Also there is only one tiny elevator and there was a convention in the hotel so we had to wait a long time for the elevator whenever we wanted to go out. Shop around or walk an extra block and pay a few dollars more because this place is NOT worth it.	
Mar 6 2006	Red Roof Inn a cheap gem!	Stayed at the Red Roof Inn in Feb 2005. First of all, great location, one block from North Michigan and the shopping! Check-in was all of one minute, and I was in my room immediately! It is an older hotel, so the carpet is not brand new, but I don't choose a hotel for the carpet. My room was extra clean and bathroom was immaculate. The only &quot;disappointing&quot; thing I encountered was the ice machine on the 2nd floor where I stayed. It was broken, so I went to the 9th floor where the other is located. That gave me all but 3 ice chips after about a 5 minute wait. I highly recommend this hotel. I will definitely stay here again.	
Jan 24 2006	I would not reccomend this hotel ever!!!!	This is not a friendly place to stay. After making reservations months in advance,my husband and I enter our room only to discover that they gave us a queen size bed when I had requested a king. So we hauled our lugage back down to the front desk. I told the employee about the mistake and he told me that there were no more king size rooms avalible. I told him that I wanted the room I had made reserations for(I had a confirmation #) or a discount on the room that was given to us. After talking with a manager(via phone)I was given a key to a king size room(I thought that they were none left). No one apologized to me. The room itself was clean but small. I would not stay at this or any other Red Roof Inn again.	
Dec 14 2005	Location Location Location ....and great price	After reading the reviews here and a personal recommendation from a friend, we decided to try this Red Roof Inn. Me and 2 other friends traveled to Chicago for a girls weekend and knew we wouldn't be in the hotel much. We were just looking for a safe, clean place close to the shopping and sight-seeing areas. This suited our needs. It's nothing fancy. We had a suite and were pretty satisified. The full bath was very, very cold since it was on an outside wall and had a window. But the water temperature was good. Heater was very hot in one room and cool in the other. Our suite had a refrigerator and microwave, but no coffee pot in sight. Coffee is only available in the lobby and only in the morning. Room was clean and furniture in good shape. Requested non-smoking room, but was given smoking with no option to switch to another non-smoking suite. Only offered a non-smoking double. We checked out the suite and decided it wasn't too bad. Although the hall reeked of smoke some mornings. The desk staff could have been friendlier (except for one exceptional young lady there) and they need to invest in coffee pots for each room. Visit West Egg Cafe down the street for breakfast (get there early to avoid the line) and Joey Buona's for great Italian (pizza and pasta).	
Nov 21 2005	Good Location and Good Price	The Red Roof Inn is in an ideal location if you want access to Michigan Avenue. The hotel is located near many eateries and bars (Try O'Neils - 3 store fronts down from RRI, the bar is only 12 feet wide but a great time). The staff of the hotel was very friendly and helpful. The only issue we had with the hotel was our room was not clean. There was some issues in the bathroom and trash on the floor. The hotel rooms are very small as well, but as long as you do not want to hold a social in your room, your ok. I would stay here again based on price and location.	
Nov 21 2005	Downtown Chicago bargain	We visited Chicago the first weekend in November with our two teenage sons. We were looking for something affordable yet close to the sights and booked the Red Roof Inn based on reviews here at Trip Advisor. The hotel was exactly what we were looking for: inexpensive, in the heart of downtown, clean, friendly staff. Yes, the room was a bit crowded for 4, but we weren't there much and the convenient location was more than worth it! It was perfect for a family on a budget. Don't stay there if you want luxury or extras, but if you are happy with the basics, it's the right place for you!!!	
Nov 21 2005	Great Hotel	This is one of the best hotels in Chicago because of its price and location. It's half a block away from the Magnificent Mile and is surrounded by very good restaurants. There are also convenience stores near the hotel. Very convenient to public transportation. We stayed in a standard room during our first night. The room was small but clean. The bed was comfortable. The next night, we moved to the King Suite which had a lot of room for 3 people. The staff was very helpful and friendly.	
Nov 12 2005	Impressed with the Red Roof Inn	Very well located, clean and pleasant rooms - I would stay here again in Chicago!	
Nov 8 2005	Great Place Great Location Great Price	Just got back form the Red Roof Inn Chicago. First the location is EXCELLENET-  Block from everything you want on the magnificent mile, and next to it is the Marriott (whose prices were 3x that of the red roof inn). The rooms were nice. We got a king Suite with king bed and bath in one room and a separate living room with fold out bed and its own bath. We also got a double deluxe with a big room and two double beds. The staff was very friendly and helped us with everything we needed. We had a late flight leaving and we were able to store our baggage after we had checked out and they have internet that you can rent. The are remolding and it looks like the place will be ever better the next time we stay there. This is not a 5 star but it is a wonderful place for the price, I HIGHLY suggest the red roof inn.	
Oct 28 2005	Great Location	I stayed at the RRI this summer my teenage son and nephew. I got the deluxe room with two double beds. I guess by getting the deluxe room we did not have the problems some other reviewers had with storing luggage and moving around. There was an area outside the bathroom for our luggage and clothes. We left the hotel early each morning and returned late at night so we were only there to sleep. The room was clean and the location is great. I did not want to spent a lot on a hotel so the RRI was perfect for us. We ate at the Corner Bakery which was a block away for breakfast.	
Oct 27 2005 	Great value great location no frills	I was pleasantly surprised by my short, early week stay here. The location is perfect, in the heart of downtown close to great restaurants and bars. But don't stay here if you want the extras, they don't have them. There is no one waiting at the door to assist you with your baggage, the rooms are small and the bathroom smaller, you may have to go to another floor for ice. I would estimate it's been 15 years or more since the carpet has been replaced. Although they just started re-doing the small lobby the day I left.However, the staff was friendly and helpful and you can't beat the price for this area of town. I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 17 2005	Mediocre Hotel	We paid only $80/night by booking through Expedia. The location is great...a short walk to the Magnificent Mile and bus stops. The subway stop is several blocks away though. The room is too small for more than two people in my opinion. My partner and I had just enough space for ourselves and two suitcases. The hotel only has two small slow-moving elevators serving 16 floors. The elevators were often full, and we would have to wait for it to come around again.We were given a smoking room even though I had requested non-smoking. One of the bedspreads had several dark brown stains, and we requested to have it changed on our first morning there. I pulled the bedspread off, and then I placed it on the floor with the stains clearly visible. The housekeeper made the bed with the same stained spread. I called and requested a new spread again, and then I made the bed myself once it was delivered. The bathroom was very clean -- a definite plus. None of the front desk staff members we encountered were personable. We talked to several staff members, and none of them seemed enthusiastic to be there. Two different staff members were engaged in obvious personal calls while checking in guests. (One was talking about her baby shower, and another one was making plans for later that night.) I requested a second luggage rack, but my request was denied because they do not keep extra on hand. Overall, we were not real impressed with hotel. The price was great, but the staff and cleanliness were not impressive.	
Oct 5 2005	Better than the price indicates.	Last year I stayed at the hotel across the street from the Red Roof Inn. This year, that hotel's price went up about $80 a night. This required a change in accomedations for this year's trip. We had seen the RRI last year and decided that it was worth looking into for this year's trip. Boy am I glad I did that. It's the same location for half the price.When I judge a hotel, there are two things I look at. The first is the bathroom and the second is the cleanliness. At this RRI, the bathrooms were a little tight around the toilet, but the shower is roomy. The rooms were very clean and the housekeeping came every day. We got rained on two of the days we were there and the front desk gave us extra towels with no questions. These rooms are small and there is minimal furniture in them. They are shapped like a long rectangle with the door and the head of the beds against the long side. There's about 3 feet from the end of the bed to the other wall. This makes them feel smaller than they are. If you have more than one piece of luggage per person, the room will get crowded as there is no real good place to store you bags. We paid extra for a refridgerator and microwave and it was worth every penny. There was a desk in a corner and a small dresser with the TV on top of it. The hangers were at the far end of the room near the bathroom.I do want to stress that for the price, this is the best hotel near Michigan Ave.	
Sep 25 2005	happy staff/ happy customers/equals a great stay	my wife and i stayed at the red roof from sept 10 to 15th we got the L train from ohare to clark st $1.75 each and a$6.00 cab to the hotel the staff were very pleasant for the whole visit and any advice or tips were no problem to them the location was great 50 yards from michigan avenue and 10 to 15 minutes stroll to navy pier loads of resturants and bars nearby the room we got on the 15th floor was very clean and tidy and had two double beds we paid $700 you could pay a lot more for something more upmarket but if your their to see the city and not law and order 2 times a night this hotel was just fine enjoy	
Sep 16 2005	Good Experience for the Price	We stayed at the Red Roof Inn when we were in town for a wedding. I wasn't expecting much and was pleasently surprised. The rooms are clean and the beds are comfortable. The location is fantastic. The room was smaller than I expected - even for a city hotel. If you are traveling as a couple alone I would suggest requesting a room with one king sized bed. Our room had 2 double beds and it was difficult to navigate. We had trouble finding places to put our suitcases!Overall it was a good experience.	
Aug 28 2005	Great Value	This hotel is a wonderful suprise. Like every other review says, the rooms are small. But if you are in Chicago and spending your time in your hotel room other than to sleep, there is something seriously wrong. This hotel is very clean and quiet. It is so close to everything. It is only one very small block from Michigan Ave. All city transit is very close and accessible. All the major shopping is close. It is close to restaurants. Anything you could possibly need. The West Egg cafe is the place for breakfast. Just one block from the hotel. There were line ups for this place every morning we were there. My only complaint of the hotel is that there was only one staff on at night. We had called down to the front desk for more glasses and we were asked if we could come down and get it as they were the only one working at the time. But for the price we paid it was a small inconvience. We had looked at other hotels in the area that were almost twice the price and i am very glad we did not pay the extra. This really is a great value hotel. Also for deep dish pizza, you have to go to Gino's East, probably the best pizza i have ever had. It was about a 5 - 10 min walk from the hotel straight down Ontario St.	
Aug 11 2005	Great Value 	I want to say first, that i was very nervous about what to expect. I had read a lot of reviews on your site about Chicago hotels and the prices being paid...i didn't know what to expect. Boy was i ever PLEASANTLY SURPRISED!The Red Roof Inn is a very nice hotel in the heart of Downtown Chicago. I read about small rooms, but the key i found was getting the &quot;KING SUITE&quot;, like $10-$15/night more...it was plenty of room for my wife and i and 2 teenagers (they slept on the fold out sofa), 2 TV's, 2 Bathrooms, Microwave &amp; Fridge in the room. We paid $130/night, compared to $200-$300/night in hotels that we walked past on a daily basis (i.e. same location).The Best part of the deal was the location. You are literally 1 short block off the heart of Michigan Ave/&quot;Magnificent Mile&quot;. Free Trolleys run to all the places we wanted to go (museums, shopping, navy pier, parks, etc.) which you can catch within 5 minutes walk from the hotel. Lots of wonderful restaurants, we took the Amtrak to Chicago from San Antonio (wanted to &quot;experience&quot; the train) and never rented a car. We did mostly the trolleys and a few cab rides.Again, the room was very nice (not the 4 Seasons, but comfortable beds, nice linens, and very clean...plenty of hot water). This is a GREAT place for budget minded families who are more interested in Chicago and a nice place than a &quot;palace type room&quot;.By the way, I tried the Garrett's Popcorn (caramel corn), it was AWESOME...i knew it had to be good when i counted 32 people standing in line waiting to get it on Michigan Ave...well worth it if you like caramel corn.Thanks TripAdvisor....i will ALWAYS use your site in my future travels	
Jun 18 2005	Good Deal	Stayed here for 5 days. Decided to get the business 17&quot; TV and got a pretty spacious room. Suspect by paying a little extra got a slightly bigger room which was more than adequate for the price and well worth it.Location is extremely good. The only down side was that the toilet was &quot;wedged&quot; against the wall meaning it was uncomfortable to use. Not sure why this was done as there was plenty of space to move it out a little.Would stay here again.	
Jun 7 2005	Wow!! Small rooms	My friends and I stayed at the Red Roof Inn from June 3-6. I had trouble deciding between 2 and 3 stars. The room was very clean, which is wonderful, but it was SO SMALL!!! We just could not get over how small the rooms were. I had read reviews in which they said that, but thought, &quot;How small could they REALLY be?&quot; and booked there anyway. The answer: SMALL!!! :) There was hardly anyplace to store our luggage or anything, no room to walk at all, and the bathroom was tiny too. It reminded me of some of the tiny hotel rooms you see in Europe or something. The front desk staff was nice enough. This is definitely a no-frills hotel, and you get what you pay for. So, the good things were that it was a clean hotel, but if I had to do it all over again, I would pay a little more money and stay someplace nicer.	
Jan 22 2005	Excellent place to stay!	Great place, location, and price! If you want to go to the windy city for a couple of nights, this place is perfect. You are just a few steps away from Michigan Ave. My room was clean when I arrived, and was cleaned every morning. My only complaint is with the heat in the room. It was about 10 degrees outside, and the heater was blowing cold air. I went to the front desk to ask for a blanket. (I'm thinking for the rate I'm paying at this place, asking for an extra blanket is fine. I could be paying $400/night across the street at another hotel, and still have the same problem.) Not a big deal to me. When I came back to the room the next day, they had replaced the heating unit in my room! The staff was very friendly. It is not a place for those looking for the treatment you receive at some other hotels. There is no free breakfast, no bellhop, no room service, and no USA today paper delivered at your door. (I think a free paper might have been available at the front desk though, as well as free coffee) Valet parking is available. I paid $24 for it. If I chose to park the car myself and carry my stuff to the room, it would have been $22. 2 extra bucks well spent in my opinion. Best value in downtown Chicago!	
Oct 11 2004	Great Place for the Price	You probably cannot find a hotel with a better location in Chicago at a rate anywhere nearly as reasonable as the Red Roof Inn. The rooms are small and somewhat out of date, but if you are in Chicago, why are staying in your room anyway? Get out, eat the great food and have fun. We asked the staff for recommendations, and received great advice on restraurants and cafes. Although I consider this a good place to stay when you are in Chicago for fun, I could not recommend the Red Roof for a business stay, unless your goal is to save money.	
Oct 9 2004	Perfect location spotless and comfortable.		
Aug 29 2004	interesting find		
Aug 12 2004	Red Roof Inn CheepClean and good location		
Aug 3 2004	1st Trip To Visitor-Friendly Chicago		
Aug 2 2004	Uhh Can you say gross and tiny		
Jul 20 2004	Best Deal in Town!!!		
May 31 2004	Good place to stay		
May 18 2004	great place		
Oct 16 2002	Dissatisfied with Red Roof		
Apr 24 2002	A great location nothing more nice to say		
Nov 22 2009 	Quand mme bien.		
Apr 30 2008	In centro ma con camere minuscole		
