	Room and service was horrible	When we arrived at the hotel we were properly greeted and taken up to our rooms. When we got into our room the furniture inside was stained and really beat up. The worst part of the room was the bathroom door. The bathroom was fitted with a sliding door that did not go into the wall but alongside it. The door had no lock and left about a 2-3 inch gap where if you walked by it you could see someone on the toilet. The concierge was not helpful on suggestions of restraunts or nightlife. The concierge told us that we were better off staying in our rooms since there was &quot;nothing to do in chicago after 10 pm&quot;. Our last night we ordered a movie and the quality of the movie was horrid (movie was pixelating and blurry) so we called down and I had to argue with the person at the front desk to have them credit us the money back for the movie after we had stopped it less than 5 minutes in. This is not a full service hotel we had to pay about 10 bucks for anything and everything. We had to pay about 12 dollars to have them bring us up extra glasses since the old ones were dirty and the maid did not switch them out. The only redeeming thing about my trip was the fun I had with my friends not the hotel.	
Nov 14 2009 	Great Place to stay	I have stayed at this hotel twice in the past two months. It is south of the mile across from the park which makes it a much quieter place. It is only a few minute cab ride or walk up to the action on the mile or over on State. The staff is very friendly and helpful and the rooms are nice. One of the nice things is that it is a smaller hotel (compared to the Hilton next door and the other convention size places) and that makes for a really nice stay without the convention crowds in the lobby.	
Nov 13 2009 	Lovely hotel convenience of location depends on the traveler...	I stayed at the Blackstone A Renaissance Hotel for two nights for a short getaway. The plan was to do a little sightseeing, shop, and visit Harpo Studios as an audience member =). The hotel is lovely. The building is just breathtaking (though the interior is a bit too modern and does clash). The rooms were a very nice size with a huge marbled bathroom. The bed was comfortable, there is a large flat panel TV, wireless (which is not free and just overpriced), and a Starbucks located right in the hotel (though that staff just did not know what they’re doing so it really was not that much of a bonus) . It really is just a beautiful hotel. Service…well, to be very honest the check in staff was a bit uppity. I found the female employees to be rather rude upon check in, so I really didn’t feel like asking them anything. The doormen were incredibly, wonderfully helpful and kind as was the cleaning staff. I’m sure service is fine at the Blackstone, but we were really put off by the tone when we arrived. However, this does not make or break a person’s stay. I think I can put up w/ just about anything as long as I’m in a clean room w/ a good location. And location is something you need to seriously consider before booking your stay at the Blackstone. I think to get to Harpo Studios the location is fine. It’s a $12 (tip included) cab ride to the show. If you’re visiting the Chicago Art Museum or Millennium or Grant Park it’s a ten minute walk. To Chicago O’Hare airport it’s a good 30 minutes by taxi at $40 (tip included), or 1 hour 20 minutes by metro (only recommend using during the day, have to change lines after first stop) for $2.00. However, if you want to be in the middle of things (and I think we all do!) you should not stay at this hotel. I think that if travelers should stay at the hotels located on the Magnificent Mile, where all the restaurants and shops are. Hotels over there are also a ten minute walk from the parks and museums. The Blackstone, while lovely and comfortable, is just not as conveniently located as other hotels with the same rate or lower. At night, being two women alone in the city, we felt a little more weary in this location. Also, normally on my trips I prefer taking a city’s metro/subway – it’s just a great way to save money! On this trip we didn’t do that despite the close location of the metro (5 minute walk). Even walking from the metro to our hotel in the day we felt a little unsafe, so we sure weren’t going to take it at night! But, to reiterate, this is a lovely hotel just wasn’t a convenient enough location and not enough shops or restaurants around.	
Nov 10 2009 	Like a hotel you would see in the movies	I was blown away by this hotel. It was absolutely gorgeous! My taxi driver commented (and I'm not sure if this is true or not) that the hotel was completely remodeled a few years ago, which initially made me feel a bit skeptical. But once I walked into the lobby, I knew I liked the place. I really liked the style of the rooms (very modern with a fun color scheme). The beds were comfortable and had quality linens. The bathroom had cool lighting and a great shower. If I were back in Chicago, I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 4 2009 	Enjoyable stay.	I stayed at the Blackstone for 5 nights during October.Overall, I was pleased with the hotel. The staff are friendly and the facilities still look fairly new. The décor did not bowl me over (not to my taste) but it was clean and that's the main thingThe room faced the park and lake, so it was nice to wake up to a view each morning. I did not eat at any of the hotel restaurants but did have room service. Service was prompt but what gets to me is the automatic 20% service charge. I realise it's a standard at all the Marriott's I have stayed in but I don't have to like it. The room was a good size but some things left me puzzled. I assumed it was a room kitted out for people with a disability/mobility issues (given the size of the bathroom and low hanging hooks and rails) but some things (like having a bathtub) did not make sense. I did not like the low hanging rail in my room as I could not hang anything long up. I also thought the light switches were a pain. Instead of one switch, each light had 2 dials to fiddle with and it wasn't obvious (at least to me) how to control them. I just kept pressing until something happened. The room was also furnished with a low chair/high desk combo. It might look good but I did not find it practical for either eating or working.The only thing not acceptable was the cleanliness of the towels. Everyday I was given new towels and without fail, there was always at least one in the pile that was stained. The hotel is within walking distance from a number of attractions and transport options. In honesty, I would probable stay at a more centrally located hotel on a future visit.	
Nov 4 2009 	Great hotel in South Loop - convenient to Soldier's Field	My husband and I celebrated our 1-year anniversary in Chicago. I got him tickets to the Bears-Browns game on Nov. 1st. I booked the Blackstone because it was convenient to Soldier's Field. On a previous trip to Chicago, I stayed up at River North and I really liked it there. The locaion on S. Michigan ave is great for South Loop attractions like Grant Park, The Museums, and Could Gate, and of course, is within walking distance to Soldier's field. It is a bit of a walk if you want to go up North to Magnificent Mile, but it's pretty convenient to most of the subway lines, including the Loop. The back side of the hotel is a bit lonely at night, especially on weekends. We walked to Lou Malnatti's pizzeria for a late dinnerwhich is only about 3 blocks away, but the street was a little eerie late at night. During the day, it is fine though. It's a convenient short train ride to Lou Mitchell's as well, which is a wonderful place for breakfast. The hotel itself has a dimly-lit refurbished lobby. The hallways however, were nice and bright. We told the staff upon checking in that we were celebrating an anniversary and they said they upgraded our room. We were on the 20th floor overlooking some of the South Loop. Was hoping for a park view, but oh well! Not a big deal. Our room had a king bed, which was super comfy. The room is about average size. I am from NYC so I am used to very small spaces. The bathroom was wonderful and modern, equipped with an in-mirror TV, which for some reason didn't get the exact same channels as the TV in the room. There is a standing shower only, with a rain shower head which was lovely. There are Aveda toiletries as well. Room is decorated in a modern, minimalist theme, but overall, very comfortable. Service was fine. We didn't really hang around the hotel too much but check in and check out was very smooth.Another great breakfast place which is just a few blocks south on S. Michigan Ave, is Yolk. It gets really crowded too, especially before a Bears game! But it is delish. Overall, very happy with the Blackstone, but I found that the rates for the hotel were slightly higher than some of the equal-star rated hotels up on River North. Not sure if it was because of the Bears game (there were a lot of people attending the game who stayed at the hotel), but overall a pleasant stay. I would stay here again if I had to be in the South Loop. BTW, we used the gym and it had very modern equipment, and larger than I expected, which was great!	
Oct 29 2009 	Outstanding service and accommodations	We stayed in late October while in Chicago for a wedding. The staff here is excellent, very service oriented and very friendly. We had a city view room on the 19th floor. The rooms are very clean and have cool contemporary look, glass walled showers, etc. The bedding is luxurious. Nice flat screen TV, etc. What really made them standout was on Sunday when we were set to go home, our flight was cancelled. We needed to stay another night. We had booked the rooms at a &quot;cheap&quot; rate over the internet. I thought they would really stick it to me to stay another night without the internet rate. They didn't do that. Instead the gave me a LOWER rate and UPGRADED my room to a suite looking over Grant Park. Unreal. It turned a bad thing (getting our flight cancelled) into an enjoyable extra night in Chicago.	
Oct 21 2009 	I will be back!	Just spent three days and two nights at this lovely hotel and practically had to pry the two children (6 and 10) out with a crowbar. The staff was welcoming and gracious, the room was large and beautiful and the fireworks from Navy Pier both nights pretty much ensured we would always pick a lakeside room. I have paid the same amount per night for a tiny room with no view in NYC so this was a real treat. We ate breakfast cheaply at both the Corner Bakery and the Chicago Carry-Out next to the Travelodge and enjoyed fabulous tacos at Flacos Tacos so sadly did not try the restaurant at the Blackstone, which would have been unappreciated by children anyway!	
Oct 19 2009 	Solid Service	This is an older hotel that has been refurbished. Staff works hard to provide outstanding service. Rooms were nice but small compared to more modern hotels. Very close to Field Museum, Shed Aquarium, etc. Good for couples! Glad my kids stayed at home.	
Oct 18 2009 	Awesome hotel great service	Great hotel and the service was out of this world. Great workout facilities, excellent location near parks, clean, rooms with character. Here was the clincher for me....my wife and I went out running in the morning. Walking in the door, the front desk person - Jordan, asked us to hold for a minute. He then ran and got us ice cold bottled water and cold towels. Later we used his intimate knowledge of Chicago to find places to eat and entertainment. Fantastic property.	
Oct 18 2009 	Classic Renaissance	Typical or classic Renaissance hotel. Refurbed older property. Lobby a little dark common for older property. But room was great, clean and modern. Bathroom was also large. Inroom iPod radio a plus. This is what I expect from this chain. Friendly front desk. Unique bar in basement was very cool. Good value for business but for tourists it is a long walk to Miracle Mile. Close to stadium. Overall great choice for overnight business trip	
Oct 15 2009 	The Blackstone Hotel	Awesome hotel. Excellent service, beautiful view and the Tapas restaurant is amazing.	
Oct 9 2009 	Amazing	We are in Chicago for just one night but wanted to get a location central to the Shedd and Field Museum. We couldn't have done better! Beautiful room and friendly staff! We weren't expecting a lake view room and got up graded. It is amazing to look out into the harbor and see the boats. Truely beautiful!	
Oct 6 2009 	Incredible Fantastic Beautiful Wonderful	We arrived on Saturday and requested an upper floor, lake view room. We stayed in room 1918, which is a corner room looking out on Lake Michigan. It was beautiful. Clean, bright and very roomy. It exceeded all expectations. Being directly on Michigan Avenue we expected some road noise. There was very little. There was also no noise from the other guests. Zero. This hotel is beautifully appointed. The staff was incredibly helpful and welcoming. The bed was very comfortable. The only negative was feather pillows and no extra blanket in the room. I know every upscale hotel has feather pillows, and it is very hard to get foam. I still slept very good because the bed was so comfortable. Room service was so so. The prices are very high and you must be very specific on what you want. We ordered coffee with cream and got milk. Not too tragic, however, when you pay $15.00 for coffee with cream, and it takes 1/2 hour, at least give me cream. The hotel restaurant wasn't too good for dinner, but has a wonderful breakfast. The 2 eggs any style are a fantastic deal. Worth it. We went to see the Chicago Bears game and ended up walking to Soldier Field. We ended up walking to our destinations and cabbing back after dinner etc. It is in a great location for seeing the city.	
Oct 5 2009 	Unexpected luxury	The Hotel: I was there for a 4-night stay which qualified me for an upgraded corner room overlooking Michigan Avenue and Grant Park on the 17th floor, plus a $50 voucher for room service or the onsite restaurant. Those were very nice perks. As for service, they loaned my friend and I umbrellas for walking around downtown and were. The size and cleanliness of my room was excellent. it had carrerra marble baths and a unique room layout, making it feel spacious. The hotel itself is classic and well built with ornate details throughout. The gym has many newer machines and treadmills and lots of them. I've never seen so many guests working out at 6AM as I did at the Blackstone.Negatives: Wireless internet was $13 plus a dollar tax in room, but free in the lobby. That was barely convenient for checking email.The location: Very good for walking to Millennium park, the Art Institute to the north, and even the Field Museum and Soldier Field to the south. Taxi rides make things much easier, and getting to the Cubs game was no problem via walking to the nearest red line station. For a leisurely breakfast, try &quot;Yolk&quot; just south a few blocks. The variety of breakfast food was impressive.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great room and location with friendly staff	Was in Chicago for a long weekend and loved this hotel. Would definitely return. The rooms were spotless and nicely renovated it was contemporary with the charm of an older hotel. The staff was awesome they upgraded us to lakeview free of charge since rooms were available. We got a good deal on the room and would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Sep 29 2009 	Excellent Staff Beautiful Rooms - Gorgeous Hotel with history	Along with a hoard of other kind folks, I stayed here for the U2 shows at Soldier Field. I can't think of anything to complain about! Everything was amazingly well done by a professional &amp; courteous staff. The restoration is beautiful, and the employees are proud of their property (deservedly so!).ah, I thought of something to complain about:The queen beds in my room were fantastic! The plush, top-notch bedding &amp; linens I've come to expect from the Marriott family were even nicer than usual.However, the king bed in a friend's room wasn't so great - not nearly as comfortable and not up to the Renaissance/Marriott standard. So if you have a choice, go with the queen room.The bathroom was great - Aveda products &amp; good lighting. The TV in the bathroom mirror was amusing, but mostly a gimmick. I like the local art on the walls, the connections to Chicago history, and the selection of books on local lore - the overall attention to detail here is what made my trip so enjoyable. The hotel was completely full, but once in my room, I didn't hear any other guests.Unlike another reviewer, I found the Doormen, Concierge, and desk staff to all be very friendly &amp; helpful. Theo &amp; Jordan couldn't have been nicer or more helpful (thanks Theo, for the directions to Malnati's - you were right, it was that good!). The ever-changing video feed from the roof is fun to watch.Also, late at night the lobby is a very relaxing place to chill with good music and free wifi. This is a fun hotel to explore, and staff doesn't seem to mind you looking around.My only other complaint about my trip is with the City of Chicago - the sales tax is a little steep at 10%, but at $40+/night, the hotel taxes are an insult to visitors. Traffic management was the worst I've seen for a city of any size - but that's nothing to do with the Blackstone. If anything, the Blackstone is a charming, comfortable oasis in the midst of the city, an oasis with good coffee in the lobby and within walking distance to Lou Malnati's pizza &amp; Garrett's Popcorn - what else do you need?	
Sep 24 2009 	Just the small things keep this from being a 5-star hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Renaissance Blackstone Fri-Sun of Labor Day weekend for Jazz Fest. We had stayed at the hotel the year before for the same reason, and we will come again. The rooms are clean and comfortable and the location is perfect. Their staff needs to work on a few things to be more attentive to their guests. Our room faced southeast and had a lovely view of the Planetarium, the Oceanarium and the Field Museum. Room was exceptionally quiet despite being on the corner of Michigan and Balbo. Our king bed was clean and the mattress was very comfortable. The suede chaise in the room is just perfect to stretch out on and read or watch television. Mini-bar prices were reasonable, room came with 2 spa robes. There is a Starbucks on the lower level with an outdoor seating area where we went on Sat. It was very pleasant to sit there and people watch and enjoy some coffee. We had breakfast on Sun in Mercat. My only quibble is that they need to increase their staffing for weekend morning breakfast service. There were a number of tables occupied and not enough servers. The hostess was doubling as the bartender. The servers were obviously stretched and were not too prompt with additional things like hot sauce, etc. Prices are on the high side, too. We noticed a number of people being seated, checking out the menu, and then getting up and leaving without eating. If you're on a budget, you might want to just go to the Starbucks for their oatmeal/pastries. Fitness center is clean and has about 10 treadmills, 10 Ellypticals and a free weights room. Towels, fruit, water provided and the door requires a room key card to prevent outsiders from accessing the facilities/security. Doormen should be more prompt to welcome/acknowledge guests. When I arrived alone (my husband was arriving later) I got out of a taxi with my luggage and started up the stairs on Balbo before anyone acknowledged me/welcomed me/offered me assistance. Sat evening, we came out of the hotel to go to dinner and stood and waited while the bellmen/valet/doormen stood around and chatted and never approached us. We finally went to the curb and hailed a cab ourselves and the doorman acted surprised that we had done so on our own. Front desk staff is good; I noticed that the concierge seemed overwhelmed on Sun as people were asking for assistance with site-seeing, wanting to check bags, etc. More attention to staffing on weekends is needed. Overall, they are close to being a 5 star hotel, and much more cozy, accessible and updated than the tired Chicago Hilton &amp; Towers next door, which is enormous, impersonal and much more for conventioneers than for leisure or business travelers.	
Sep 21 2009 	Awesome	We were in town from waukegan for the U2 concert the rooms and service were definitely superior to hotels ive visited in Peoria and the Washington DC areas it was just awesome!!!!!	
Sep 15 2009 	Totally Disappointed	The reception was terrible, the valet - that's why service is not a part of their title, the bees, not the best addition in a room with an infant. We stayed there almost a week when my wife was at a training at the Hilton. I am a Marriot Rewards member, but surely that did not do much in their eyes. From the start we were treated as though we did not belong there. There was no formal welcome except from the Valet service. We wanted to park ourselves, big mistake. We traveled with an infant and had many things, but the Valet told the bellboy to take our luggage off his cart. The Valet would't even budge to open the door in the absence of a greeter. You have to climb stairs to get to the lobby from the outside. Even with all the luggage that comes with traveling with an infant, the Valet didn't even think to tell us that there was an elevator. We had to discover this on our own. We were in line, but the front desk served someone else better dressed than us first. Then we got the &quot;room with the view&quot; that also came with wasps. We complained to the front desk, but we had to again ask, this time with the housekeeping staff. They caulked up the hole with no guarantees. We asked to be moved and no help was offered in moving the crib and everything else we had to lug ourselves. We talked to the manager and got a plate of stinking cheese. We complained after getting back and got an email for more information. We responded. It is now a month and a half later and yet not a response. We should have stayed at the Hilton across the street. We will use up all points and cut the rewards card. Thanks Blackstone for ruining a good relationship.The best thing about the stay were the nice housekeeping folks. Management could learn alot from them. For those that are wheelchair bound, go somewhere else because you have to open the doors yourself and the elevator is too small.	
Sep 7 2009 	Blown away by the service and accomodations!	We stayed at the Blackstone in early August to go to the Lollapalooza Music Festival and to visit area colleges. We were really blown away by all aspects of the hotel (except for reservations but I will get to that later). The service in the hotel was really topnotch and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Room service went out of their way to accommodate us, when we arrived after 10 p.m. and required vegan choices for my daughter. The food was excellent in both the Mercat Restaurant and room service (which I often try to avoid). The staff did an incredible job as the hotel was completely booked and it was very hectic for the first three days we were here. Even our housekeeping service was friendly and accommodating. It did appear that everyone that worked here really enjoyed their job and was interested in making sure you were happy. The rooms were very comfortable. Plenty of space and well laid out. The beds were extremely comfortable. The bathrooms were spacious and we loved the walk in shower (no bathtub). We were also surprised that the rooms were pretty quiet. No noise from the street but we could definitely hear the music festival although this didn't bother us as it ended at 10 p.m. every night. The weather was brutally hot - high 90's but our room and the rest of the hotel was always nice and cool.The location is good if you are interested in going to the museums and aquarium as well as spending time in the parks. The restaurants within walking distance were somewhat limited. The one area that we had a problem was with reservations. I requested a double room (two beds) connected to a king room. I was later sent an email letting me know that my request was not available, although I did not realize this at first as I thought it was just a confirmation. Once I realized this, I called the hotel back and was told that I should call two weeks before arrival and was led to believe that this would be possible. I called two weeks out and was told to call back a few days before arrival. When I did this, I was told to call back two days before arrival and when I did this I was told to call the day before and then the day of. During this time, not once was I told that there are very few rooms in the hotel that have doubles (I think it is one per floor) and that the likelihood was not good that one would be available. In addition to that, these are also the only rooms that connect. We ended up with two rooms each with a king that did not connect. This definitely effected our trip as my husband and I each had to share a room and a bed with one of our children. In the end, the accommodations and service made us glad that we stayed here.	
Sep 7 2009 	In A Word...Spectacular!	My wife and I were celebrating our 22nd Wedding Anniversary and decided on The Blackstone Hotel on Michigan Ave. in Chicago. Before our stay we were contacted via email with a personal note regarding our arrival. This was a very nice touch. I informed them of our anniversary and when we arrived at our room we had been upgraded to a lake view room (the view was spectacular on a beautiful September Chicago day) and we had a bottle of wine and appetizer awaiting us. It was truely a surprise. Molly in the sales department should be commended for taking such good care of us on our special day.The room was very ecclectic and comfortable. I was blown away by how nice the hotel had been redone. It was decorated in dark rich colors and there was attention paid to every detail. The room was spacious, with a king bed, and comfortable. Even though our room lacked a tub, the shower was very nice and the &quot;rainshower&quot; head was out of this world relaxing. Our room overlooked the lake and the city and was the best part of the room. If given the choice in the future I would definately pay extra to upgrade to this type of room again...it was that special. About the only bad thing I can say about the room (1618) was that the noise was a little noticable from the city 16 floors below which was a surprise. We only noticied it in the morning and only when there was an ambulance or morning train whistle. Otherwise we never noticed anything during the night. We requested early chcek in and late check out and it was not a problem and the staff could not have been more accomodating to us. We had drinks at the Mercat Bar and they were fantastic. I really have never felt so &quot;taken care of&quot; while staying at a hotel. Only one person knew it was our anniversary but it seemed as though everyone knew and applied the special touch. Again, The Blacksone Hotel in Chicago is now my favorite &quot;Home away from home&quot; when I visit the city.	
Aug 27 2009 	The perfect mix of eclectic modern appointment and history	This historic building is absolutely beautiful. Don't let the age put you off -- the rooms have been updated and provide a perfect guest stay. Ours faced Lake Michigan so we could look out over the weekend fireworks at Navy Pier.If you need to be at the Chicago Hilton for an event, skip the Hilton and stay across the street at the Blackstone.	
Aug 27 2009 	Finishing Touches Show True Quality	My teenage sister and I stayed at The Blackstone during American Idol auditions. It was an incredibly convenient location with in &amp; out parking privileges which allowed us to go back and forth between the auditions with no problem. It was just across the street (a short 2 minute walk) from Lake Michigan. On the interior of the hotel the decor was incredible!!! In the lobby they maintained the historical details of the building. On the interior of the rooms they were amazing. The place has obviously had a complete overhaul from top to bottom and the finishing touches show that whoever did the renovation paid very close attention to detail and used all high-end finishes. Everything in the hotel room was better than we could have asked for from the amazingly fluffy beds and pillows to the fully stocked mini fridge, to the flat screen TV, huge desk and the bathroom. The bathroom was impeccable with marble floors and counter tops. We never heard anything through the walls either. The place is built completely solid. The staff was also incredibly helpful. We had a great experience and would stay here again any day of the week.	
Aug 21 2009 	Wonderful!	We stayed at the Blackstone for 3 nights in August. Overall, we were pleased with the accomodations. The room was quite spacious, the beds were very comfortable and the staff members were helpful. We picked this hotel because it had been recently renovated and they did a wonderful job with it. It's not too big a hotel either which i think is great when you have kids with you. We had breakfast at the Mercat each morning and it was enjoyable and fairly priced.There is 1 thing I did not like. The day we were leaving (August 7th) was the beginning of La La Palooza. Prior to making my reservation, i phoned the hotel to ask whether or not they could accomodate a late check-out on the 7th. I was told it shouldn't be a problem. The day i checked in (August 4th), i was told the same thing although they told me i should let them know the morning of the 7th. So i did. And the response I got was, &quot;i'm sorry but because of the La La Palooza&quot; taking place this weekend, we are unable to accomodate your reuqest.&quot; Well, it's not like the festival came as a surprise. I would have appreciated it if I had been told of this prior to confirming my reservation. If this is an annual event that sells out their rooms, they could have been honest about it from the get-go and told me so. The location of the Blackstone places it right at the center of the festival - i could have picked a hotel more north of Grant Park to have avoided this. So that actually annoyed me that day. Otherwise, it you are looking for a comfortable, clean and upscale place to stay, the Blackstone would be it.	
Aug 20 2009 	Best in Chicago	I travel for work (and sometimes leisure) often. I try to stay in a new place each time until I find my favorite hotel in each city. I have to say that the I've stayed in a number of Chicago hotels &amp; I can definitely say that the Blackstone is hands down, my favorite. Here's what I like about the place:*conveniently located*staff is friendly*starbucks connected with hotel*rooms are well designed and very very comfortable (beds)*also conveniently set up for business, internet*and most importantly the hotel just has a pleasant and uplifting energy about it (if you believe in that sort of thing). I just feel happy when I stay here. A good, comfortable atmosphere that's stylish.Cons:*paying for wifiI would definitely recommend.	
Aug 14 2009 	Fantastic	Great hotel, great staff, great location.Great fitness center. Buy a 3 day transit pass. Well worth it. You can get everywhere by subway or bus from this hotel.	
Aug 14 2009 	We Loved It	I have to say this is one of the better hotels we have stayed in in awile. I am started to think custoner service and proper cleaning was a thing of the past but the Blackstone met all of my expectations. We reserved a King size room so we had no problem like the previous posters with bed size. The room was very nice. Nice decoration, white duvet cover-not a comforter which skeeves me. The bathroom was very roomy-although it does not have a tub so if you like a tub this is not the place for you. The lighting was also very nice in the room, almost all lights had dimmers. There were also several mirrors so if someone was in the bathroom you could have an alternate place to get ready. I also liked that there were roman shades which blocked out the light at night. Nice soaps etc.We did not know Lollapalooza was going to be going on so when we saw the lobby filled with teenagers and their parents we were a bit worried we would hear noise all night long but we didn't. The workout room was great. It was very large-3 rooms with just about every weight machine any mid-size gym would have, plus free weights. There were also several nice new treadmills, ellipticles, and a couple of bikes. All had TV's attatched to them which was nice.My one recommendation would be that if you do want a pop or water dont get it from the little gift shop in the hotel it costs $3. Go the the CVS around the corner.We would stay here again.	
Aug 10 2009 	Avoid the Blackstone 1 King/2 Queens "Bait 	My wife and kids and I had a very disappointing experience at the Blackstone this past weekend. I had booked two rooms for two nights at the Blackstone 6 months ago for Lollapalooza this year, and it turned out to be a very poor choice. When I had tried to book the rooms on the Blackstone's website, it would only let me book rooms described as &quot;1 King or 2 Queen.&quot; Because my wife and I were traveling with four teenagers, I called the Blackstone's reservation number to make the reservation instead of doing it on-line so that I could confirm that I would be able to get 2 rooms with 2 beds in each room. Given that I was booking the rooms so early, I was assured by the person taking the reservation that this wouldn't be a problem. However, when we got to the hotel, we were told that there were no &quot;double queen&quot; bed rooms available. Obviously, we wouldn't have booked the Blackstone hotel if I had known this would be the case, and we weren't alone in this experience. The couple checking in next to us was told the same thing and had the same problem. The Blackstone clearly knows how many King bedrooms and double Queen bedrooms that it has when it takes reservations. This &quot;1 King or 2 Queen beds&quot; option was simply a &quot;bait and switch&quot; scam by the Blackstone. Don't be fooled by this like we were. To make matters worse, from the time we checked in, it took 3 calls and 6 hours for the hotel to bring up 2 roll-away beds. And then to cap off our less-than-stellar Blackstone experience, there was urine still in the toilet in one of the rooms that we checked into on Friday. While this didn't ruin our experience, it certainly wasn't pleasant.The Blackstone is a very nicely decorated hotel, and the rooms are very comfortable. From the stand point of the rooms, they were fine. However, at this point, I can't imagine recommending the Blackstone to anyone staying in Chicago. If you want to experience downtown Chicago, stay at the Affinia. My wife and I have stayed there several times, and it is excellent. And if you're coming down to Lollapalooza next year, I'd suggest staying at the Hilton or perhaps even the Travelodge. They are both just as close to Grant Park, and if you make a reservation, you will know what you're getting.	
Aug 5 2009 	It's all in the details	We stayed at the Blackstone over Memorial Day weekend and it was a really perfect stay. Beautiful property in a great location. The bathroom was gorgeous and the bed super comfy. The room was compact but had just about everything you'd need, though no mini-fridge. The biggest con is the exhorbitant parking rate, but I s'pose that's to be expected in what can be an expensive city to visit. However, I would suggest checking out one of the numerous lots/garages in the vicinity. The hotel charges $47 per night for valet. That rate is also very similar to the garage rate just across the street at the Hilton, which I believe is where The Blackstone valets park guest vehicles. Not sure if there are in-and-out privileges included, but we found a nice, new-ish, secure garage at the corner of 8th and State. Just a block away from the hotel. It's in the same building as the Lou Malnatti's restaurant and the entry is on 8th Street, between Wabash and State. The overnight rate was from $17-20. Can't recall the name of the garage, but there is a digital sign affixed to the outside of the building above the entry that says 24 hour parking. There were two or three open-air street-level parking lots, but the garage worked really well for our stay. Hope this little parking tutorial helps.	
Jul 19 2009 	Superb in every way!	The Blackstone has to be one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at, period, end of story. From the extremely comfortable feather beds, to excellent customer service, to turn down service with chocolates, no detail is overlooked at the Blackstone. The staff is very friendly and helpful; the hotel is as clean as any hotel I have ever stayed in. The fitness center is also excellent; it has tall windows with panoramic views as far as Lake Michigan and fresh fruit available for the end of your workout. The compliments could just go on and on, but simply put, stay at the Blackstone and you will not be disappointed!	
Jul 5 2009 	Exceptional service. Excellent Property. Fabulous views of the lake and park	Hotel staff went out of thier way to take care of our room no matter what the request.Maids were excellent. Houskeeping very well organized. Check in was fast. Sodasavailable in lobby for purchase. Valet Parking is expensive, but there are much cheaperlots all around the hotel.I usually see lots of things that need to be fixed or improved. I did not see one thing that needed fixing or improving.I would recommend hotel to everyone.Note: There is not a pool, but there is an excercise room.	
Jul 2 2009 	Loved it!	I stayed at the Blackstone for two nights while attending a conference at the mammoth Hilton next door. The Blackstone is a lovely hotel - a much nicer place to stay than the impersonal, rather tired Hilton. The welcoming, helpful staff really set the Blackstone apart. From the bell staff who rush to help you with your bags or hail you a taxi, to the housekeeping staff who keep the rooms spic and span, they all did a first-rate job. It's definitely worth reserving a lakeview room; mine was on the 18th room, and the views were spectacular - Lake Michigan with all its sailboats, Grant Park, and a view of the city from Navy Pier to the north all the way down to the Museum Campus and Soldier Field in the south. The room decor was funky modern; the bed was supremely comfortable; and everything worked well, including the flat-screen HDTV with lots of channels. The bathroom was spic and span; lots of fluffy towels were provided, as well as bathrobes. No bathtub, but an excellent, spacious shower. As other reviewers have pointed out, the frosted-glass sliding bathroom door is a problem for those who are sharing a room and want some privacy. As I was staying by myself, it wasn't an issue.The only slight drawback was that the hotel's excellent tapas restaurant, Mercat a la Planxa, was closed for renovations during my stay - would have loved to try it. But it was fun to be right across the street from the Taste of Chicago event.I felt so comfortable and pampered that it was hard to leave my room to attend my conference. Would love to stay here again on my next visit!	
Jul 2 2009 	This is a great hotel!	I was in Chicago for business for three days and really enjoyed staying at the Blackstone. Everything was customer service related: check-in smooth and efficient, all questions answered very promptly, gave a late check-out to 1 p.m. It was a busy time in the city (Taste of Chiacgo right across the street), but the hotel was calm and quiet. I nenver heard noise of other guests, which is something that really bugs me in many hotels. The restaurant is closed for 10 days while re-tiling, but the great food is available from room service. We had a drink there the night before closing and the ambience was very nice although a bit noisy. The room had a little view of the lake from a comfortablle chair. Great lighting for reading in bed, and a very comfortable bed. Aveda shampoo etc, my favorite brand. Really can't say enough about this great stay, and it was very reasonable for the summer.	
Jul 1 2009 	Excellent Choice!	My stay was excellent. Upon entering, someone immediately asked to assist with my luggage and another graciously parked the car. Hotel staff was extremely nice and helpful. The room was a bit on the small side, but very elegant. The only downfall is the bathroom door. Even when closed, you can still see inside. If you are with a group or having visitors and do not want to use the bathroom inside the room because of the door, I know that there is a woman’s bathroom located on the 6th floor (not sure about one for men). It is also across the street from Grant Park and one black away from where the trolley tours make a stop (at Hilton).	
Jun 29 2009 	Absolutely the Best Hotel in Chicago with the Nicest Staff	We were in Chicago for my teenager to check out Columbia College. The Blackstone looked like the closest hotel and I noticed that it had recently been renovated. It was beautiful! The room was large, the beds were so comfy and the staff were happy to help with anything we asked of them. Room service cuts off at 10 though...so order early or take a walk to a nearby restaurant. The location is superb. It's right across from Grant Park and about a 10 minute (slow walker) walk to Millenium Park.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great area of town nice historic hotel	We pulled up and they were on us like flys at a picnic, one was helping with the luggage, the other was parking the truck. We stayed two nights, paid $125 on priceline, which I thought was a good price. Asked several times during our stay for local information and the staff was very friendly and knew exactly where we needed to go based on our description of what we were looking for. This is within walking distance of several great Chicago landmarks. Upon check in, I asked for a city view, which they graciously granted! This is a great property. Room was recently updated, not the biggest room, but plenty of room for my wife and I. We didn't eat in the hotel, but the restaurant was packed most of the time we were there. Very classy place.	
Jun 16 2009	Beautiful hotel ok location personable but unknowledgable staff.	My daughter and I went for a 3 day weekend for a wedding. We arrived on Friday afternoon. We felt welcome from the moment we arrived. We were greeted by friendly doormen who opened the cab door for us and took our luggage inside. We checked in, went to our room which was on the 7th floor. Snacks and drinks were provided for an extra charge, which we did not use. I noticed coffee and tea but found it strange that sweetner and creamer were not provided. We loved the actual room. Nice big bed, great desk and chair, but I can honestly say the bathroom design/layout was lousy. It reminded me of the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. Must be the same architect. You absolutely have no privacy with these bathrooms. Everything is all in one room. The bathroom door just slides over the opening, doesn't shut. Therefore, anybody sitting in the bedroom area can hear everything that is going on in the bathroom. You might as well leave the door open. There was no purpose in it at all. Very odd. The shower was nice and big, but again, no door which is ok except water gets everywhere on the floor. I think the toilet should always be separate from the rest of the bathroom. Never can 2 people get ready at the same time. Would be embarassing if you had a guest visiting with you in your room and then someone used the bathroom. You would hear it all. Poor design, Blackstone. My daughter and I would joke about it and whoever needed to use the bathroom, then the other would wait on the bed and had to turn the TV on to make some distraction noise!!! We were happily surprised by the Blues Fest we came across at Grant Park which was across the street. Location was fine, but noisy for sure. The staff was friendly but not well informed as they should be about directions and restaurants. We asked where we should go for famous Chicago pizza and we were given directions and never found the place. This happened 3 different times. I asked about Italian Beef sandwiches and nobody had a clue as to where to get those (Chicago is famous for them) and on my last day walking around, there was a restaurant within one block of the hotel that had them. I would think they would know this. They told us how to take the bus which was $2.25/each person but did not inform us that for only $5.75 you could purchase a day pass and ride all you wanted to. We learned this the last day as well and wasted money because we were not informed of this. It's a college area and safe and fun. But next time, I would stay some place else closer to the shops and I would make sure the bathrooms were a bit more private. Just my thing, I guess!	
Jun 15 2009 	Nice hotel	The hotel was really nice. My room was decorated really nicely. The bed was comfortable. Nice toiletries. The location was great. Easy walk to restaurants and the museum area. The staff was very friendly. The room service was over priced but otherwise I really liked this hotel.	
Jun 15 2009 	Very nice but a little lacking	This is a charming property with an interesting juxtaposition of modern decorating on a historic foundation. We were delighted to hear a little of the hotel history while on our Gray Line bus tour of the city. I booked this hotel for $115 on Priceline--surely a good deal--but was disappointed to get short shrift on service. It is not the first time that I felt I have gotten second-citizen treatment when dealing with a Priceline reservation. I called four times in the course of two weeks, six weeks in advance of the trip, to request a room with two beds; only on the fourth call did someone actually put my request in the system. Upon early check-in, however, I was given only a king room with the promise of a rollaway. Come our return to the room at 11:30 pm, no rollaway had been added to the room. Upon visiting the front desk, I was told that a rollaway would not fit in the room because of fire codes, that there were no rollaways left, and that there were no other rooms available. Finally, I was given the use of a &quot;parlor room&quot;--essentially a meeting room on another floor that had a fold-out couch. I was happy for some accomodation after the broken promise but overall disappointed that we could not have gotten a two-bed room to begin with. The hotel was clean and the rooms were comfortable. The maid service was only fair, despite good tipping; the half-empty toiletries were not replenished after the first night. At checkout my room was given someone else's mini-bar charges, an error that was corrected with a phone call. Overall, this is a hotel with great character that could use a little improvement on the personnel front.	
Jun 15 2009 	Are you kidding me?	When we arrived at the hotel at 11:30pm, the front desk staff informed us that our room was no longer available (we had confirmed our reservation earlier in the day and made &amp; paid for the reservation 3 months ago). The customer service was much below the standards of a hotel that is affiliated with Marriott which follows the values of &quot;Do Whatever it Takes to Take Care of the Customer&quot; We were told that the Blackstone would accommodate us at another hotel, however this hotel would be near O’Hare airport. We live about 45 miles south of Chicago so this would have made no sense. Our night was ruined on the account of Blackstone Hotel. We were planning on spending the weekend in Chicago and this could no longer happen. The manager said we would be reimbursed for our room and we were given money for a cab ride home. The staff did not seem a bit apologetic for their mistakes. I was so angry, and I couldnt believe when a security guard came to me and said he would escort me out if I didnt calm down!! Didnt I have every right to be angry!? UNBELIEVABLE!	
Jun 7 2009 	Re-born but not yet mature!	The good bits first - friendly check-in staff, modern rooms with a boutique hotel feel, superbly comfortable bed, shower (no bath), small rooms (even though we apparently had a slightly larger one). To be honest ,taken at face value this hotel is fine - the problems occur when you scratch the surface. It's apparently a 4 star hotel (sadly the girl on reception didn't know this). We requested and paid for a lake-view room and sure enough our room faced the lake but - when the room was re-designed the TV was put bang slap in the middle of the window - completely obscuring the wonderful view - even the staff were bemused by this and no, neither the desk nor TV could be moved - both firmly screwed down. Apparently some rooms have TV's on the wall - well I never! There were none of the things you would expect to find in a 4 star hotel - no one offered to help with our bags (saved on the tip I guess), no writing paper or sewing kit, cheap toiletries (thankfully we had our own). I believe this is a Marriott - it certainly feels like a fairly typical US Marriott albeit wearing a nice frock. There is a very small rather dingy bar which smelled rather damp and a Tapas bar with an award winning chef but sadly it just didn't seem appetising (fortunately Chicago is awash with great eateries).So with no view to admire we decided to indulge in a cup of coffee in the bar - oh no we couldn't: not in the bar, not even in the lobby even though it was only 5pm on a Saturday. The on-sight Starbucks - allegedly open till 8pm closes at 5pm (staff know this but haven't changed room info). We were told we could only have coffee via room service or The Hilton opposite - and you know what - if you're planning on a trip to Chicago we suggest that's where you go - we could have got a better rate for Hilton - we will go back to Chicago it's a truly amazing city, but not to Blackstone there are simply too many better hotels for the same or less dosh.	
May 27 2009 	Great hotel but...	We stayed at the Blackstone over Memorial Day weekend. Paid $99 a night through a Travelzoo promotion. Without a doubt, one of the great bargains in Chicago. While the hotel itself was 5 star, the maid service was 1 star. In spite of generous tips each morning, the only sign a maid had been in the room was a made bed and clean towels. Everything else was basically the same. We even called for a re-clean one night while we were out for dinner and the only thing we noticed was the radio on playing soothing music and chocolates on our bed. The floor still had not been vacuumed. Had we been paying nearly $180 a night, like our friends, I would have been very disappointed in the experience, but at $99 even with marginal cleaning, the Blackstone is a great deal.	
May 26 2009 	Pleasant Annversary	I booked this room for $99 through expedia.com. I think by far the best deal I have ever gotten on a hotel. This is a very nice and elegant hotel with a great decor. We stayed night in the city for our anniversary and had a pleasant evening. We were not there very long, and did not require any service from the hotel, so that is something I can not comment to much on. The hotel has a very good location next to Grant Park, we took a nice evening stroll and heard part of a jazz concert. It has an excellent tapas restaurant. 2 things people may want to know in advance are that on each floor the of the 10 or so rooms 4 rooms face the lake/park. The other thing is the bathroom is basically open to the rest of the room. There is a frosted glass door that slides shut to partially obscures the view. This is fine if you are with your spouse or alone, but may not be what you want to share with your children. There is no shower door in the bathroom, so turn up the heat while taking a shower.I would greatly recommend this hotel, but would just advise you know what you are getting.	
May 18 2009 	Beautiful Classic Historic Perfect!	My wife and I stayed for a nice weekend the first part of May. We had booked at Marriott.com and saved nearly $50 by paying in advance. The hotel was in an excellent location, just four blocks away from the Orange and Red line station. Our room looked over Michigan Avenue and had a terrific view of Buckingham Fountain and Lake Michigan. Buddy Guy's Legends is a quick 5 minute walk and it is very easy to walk to such sights as the Sears Tower, musuem, Soldier Field and other sights.There were only three 'negative' that I can think of. The bathroom door is just a slider and doesn't provide the ideal amount of privacy....not a big deal but I can see how some people would be bothered by that. Parking was the other issue. As in most of downtown Chicago, parking is expensive and it was $47/day for parking with in and out privileges. We got lucky however and found parking in an open lot one block west of the hotel. $13/day but it was an unsecured lot. We had a rental car so were not too concerned but in inclement weather or having a higher end vehicle, you may want to consider the parking on site. The hotel did have a free 'business center' which is great but it only has two computers and during our stay, the printers were not working.	
May 17 2009 	Absolutely first rate	This hotel is classy, luxurious and modern chic all in one. I loved it. The rooms are fairly spacious and the bathrooms are quite large (although not really &quot;private&quot;). Showers are totally open and the bathroom door was more of mini-blind. The amenities are nice, but not over the top. It’s a bit farther from the action of the River North or Magnificent Mile than I would prefer, but it was close to the conventions at McCormick Place. In terms of hotels in Chicago, this one has been the best.I was hosting a morning breakfast at the hotel early in the morning and had a bit of crisis the night before. The staff stayed late (until almost 11:30pm) to accomodate my last minute changes to the meeting plan.More on my time in Chicago:http://justanothertravelblog.blogspot.com/2009/05/chicago-illinois.html	
May 14 2009 	Great Physical Plant Staff Needs Help	We love Renaissance hotels, but had some serious service issues at the Blackstone. Here is a part of the letter we sent them describing the problems we encountered.Although our flight was delayed in San Francisco, I phoned the Blackstone from the tarmac @ SFO and advised the front desk that we would be arriving on the date reserved, but without the early check-in as previously arranged months ago.They said that would be fine. When our plane touched down @ O'Hare, I called the Blackstone and was put on hold. My call was not picked up, so I called again from the taxi en route to the Blackstone to be told our room had been sold and there was no room of any kind available in the hotel. I requested assisted in seeking a room at a comparable hotel and was told by the front desk manager that this was not possible.Our reservation had been made (as I mentioned) months earlier and comfirmed prior to our departure from San Francisco, We were instructed by the front desk manager to proceed to the downtown Marriott (not the same hotel class as the Renaissance), where a room would be waiting for us...when we arrived at the Marriott, they had never heard of us and weren't very friendly about it. Finally, after much ado, they gave us a room. We were told by the Blackstone that a room would be ready for us at the Blackstone the next morning....it wasn't. After the Marriott staff came to our door and told us we had exceeded check-out time, we took a taxi to the Blackstone (never reimbursed by the Blackstone). They held our lugggage, and we went out to kill time,...... when we returned, a room was finally available. We were told we were given an upgrade. (I don't think it was an upgrade, as the room had no bath tub and looked like the picture of the one we had reserved months ago). When I called after seeing there was no bath tub, we were told no room with a lake view and two beds (and a bathtub), existed in the entire hotel.....it's a 300+ room hotel.There were problems with getting the room cleaned in a timely manner, at one point, I found myself carrying out room service trays (you will find room service to be slow) and trying to straighten out the room before my husband got back from his business meeting in the late afternoon....something I have never had to do previously, regardless of hotel class.We are not demanding people, but in my opinion, we were rather badly and patronizingly handled by hotel staff. I was a little fearful that issues like this might occur when I saw on tripadvisor that someone else had to find their own parking at the Hilton without much help from Blackstone staff shortly after grand opening following the renovation.We have stayed at the Renaissance Chancery Court in London and have always had a flawless stay there, which is why we selected the Blackston when we were on business in Chicago.	
May 8 2009 	Very Posh - just a little noisy.	Not your average hotel. This is probably the best hotel I've ever stayed at. Would definitely recommend for anyone wanting to stay in downtown Chicago. The fitness center had the newest and best equipment: tv screens with ipod ports on every treadmill/elliptical.	
May 6 2009 	Very nice downtown Chicago hotel	We stayed for one night (a Sunday night) at the Blackstone during a May, 2009 trip to Chicago. Upon arrival, we learned that the valet parking service at the Blackstone is slightly more expensive than the self-parking at the Hilton parking garage across the street - which was still pricey but not as bad.We found the staff at the Blackstone to be friendly and helpful. Our room (a basic king bed room) was very nice, clean, and comfortable. One of the lights over the bed did not work, but we didn't report it. The bathroom is really nice (marble and such) but we weren't too impressed with the modern shower head - just not enough water pressure for our liking, I guess. The towels and bed linens were all top notch.For wireless internet users, it's going to cost you $14.95 per day to use it in your room, however in the lobby area it is free. We just took our laptop down to the Starbucks that is attached to the lobby and used it there with no problem.Checkout went smoothly and there was no problem with storing our bags for the day while we shopped downtown before heading home.We got an amazing rate on our room so I was MORE than happy to be staying at the Blackstone, however, when I looked up what the normal rates are, I have to say that I don't think I would pay THAT much to stay there. But it was very nice and no major problems to report.	
May 5 2009 	Great hotel in an ideal location	After reading all of the great reviews, my wife and I decided to stay at the Blackstone. As one would expect from a Renaissance property, the hotel is well-appointed and has a very friendly and service-oriented staff. The location is one of the best features of the hotel. Located right next to beautiful Grant Park and Lake Michigan, it is an ideal place to go for a stroll. Located as it is a little south of the prime shopping district, the hotel is away from a lot of the hustle and bustle while still located in a fantastic area convenient to many attractions and sights.As for the hotel itself, the lobby is beautifully decorated. Also, the fitness center is simply the best I've ever seen at a hotel and includes many state-of-the-art cardiovasular machines. The rooms are likewise very nice. Though the historic nature of the property is evident -- some worn areas on the wallpaper and molding, etc. -- every effort has been made to create tasteful and luxurious rooms. There was a high-definition flat screen TV, a very comfortable bed, and some nice touches including some books about Chicago. The only issue we had was with the bathrooms. Maybe it's picky, but the door to the bathroom is a sliding door and doesn't slide all the way closed. Also, the shower didn't have a door that closed all the way -- causing water to spill onto the bathroom floor.Overall, though, this is a great hotel that is convenient to a lot of attractions in Chicago. Hint: request a lakeview room.	
Apr 23 2009 	Beautiful but small	I booked a special &quot;anniversary rate&quot; on the club level of the restored Blackstone Renaissance Hotel to celebrate my husband's birthday. The information given me by reservations was incorrect, especially about the club level details (complimentary cocktails - NOT) and I specifically requested to know the size of the room, and was quoted 390 sqft. Upon checking in, we were given a corner lake view room as requested on the club level. We we arrived at the room, about 1/3 of the square footage was a long hallway. The decor resembles a W rather than a Renaissance, but it was new, beautiful and clean. There was a very comfortable king sized bed, and a desk under the flat screen TV. There was a chair stuck in next to the desk, but there was no place to read or watch the TV other than the bed. We were there to enjoy our stay at the hotel, and since it was raining and we live in Chicago, we were there more for the hotel than the sights. It was very disappointing. Another non view room had been prepared for us with our Marriott preferences, and when the desk clerk changed the room to the requested lake view, he set someone up with the additional pillows. Someone from housekeeping arrived with a refrigerator (no room for that - we sent it away!) and one king sized pillow in a dirty standard pillowcase. I called the front desk to ask for the rest of our down pillows, and the housekeeping manager showed up and said that the king sized pillow wasn't even from their hotel - Very Strange!!  When speaking to the front desk about a room change, we were informed that the historic landmarking prevented changes on the inside of the hotel, and they were not even allowed to put in a pool. So, although it is a beautiful restoration, we felt there was more room in the rain showered bath than the room itself. Needless to say, we checked out a day early.	
Apr 18 2009 	Lakeview rooms are fantastic!	I surprised my (stressed) hubby with a trip to Chicago and we stayed at the Blackstone. I wasn't sure what to expect, but was pleasantly surprised when we walked into the hotel... and then our room. Fantastic hotel, very clean, great location (convenient to many attractions), great price! We will definitely be staying there on future visits.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great hotel but bathroom is not private!	No complaints, except for the bathroom door in our hotel room. It is a sliding door, and when the door is &quot;closed&quot;, you can still see in through the sides of the door - really bizarre; great for voyeurs. I don't know who designed this door, but they weren't thinking of the guests' privacy.	
Apr 13 2009 	Great hotel great service	My 17 year old daughter and I stayed at the hotel for two nights as we searched for colleges for her. The Blackstone is great. The location on Michigan Ave. is close to Grant Park, it is only a couple of blocks from the El, and if you are a walker, you can walk to many locations. The staff was always friendly and helpful, especially the bellmen. The rooms are modern and unique--they don't look like typical hotel rooms. The beds are comfy, the TV is great. Having a Starbucks in the building makes for a quick breakfast if needed. All in all, a great stay.	
Apr 12 2009 	If I could live at The Blackstone I would!!!	WOW!!! What a GREAT find! I just returned from a wonderful trip to Chicago and staying at The Blackstone was definitely a highlight! From the moment we arrived we received nothing but top of the line service.....every person on the staff was over the top friendly, courteous and helpful. The rooms were SPACIOUS and GORGEOUS. Obviously recently updated, our room had a marble entry and bathroom, the beds had down comforters, a plasma TV on the wall, and plenty of room to spread out! It was quiet and very clean. There is a nice business center with two computers with free internet access and printers (this was great to research directions or restaurants). It is directly across the street from Grant Park and there are a few eateries within a few blocks. One night we came back to the hotel late (around 11pm or so) and wanted to order pizza.....the woman at the front desk provided us with three different brochures of nearby places that deliver! Our midnight snack was delicious! As far as getting around, the subway is about 2 blocks away, however we found that the buses were super convenient and easy to use.....or, we walked! We were two single gals traveling together and we never felt unsafe anywhere around the hotel (or, anywhere in Chicago). We paid $99/night in mid-April for two queen beds.....what a steal! I even booked on the Marriott website so I didn't have to pre-pay and could cancel up until 4pm on our arrival date if needs be. Luckily that wasn't the case! We were told by a local that this hotel used to fall into the &quot;seedy&quot; category, however it was recently purchased by Marriott and they are trying to turn around it's previous reputation. So far, I believe they are doing a FABULOUS job!!! I would HIGHLY recommend this property to anyone staying in Chicago.....a great hotel and great location!	
Mar 29 2009 	A hotel to make you smile	My husband and I traveled to the Blackstone during the week while he attended a show at the conference center. What an amazing experience it was at the Blackstone. From the moment we arrived, the valet and bellboy staff were so friendly....to the check-in desk (who certainly had their hands full with so many people checking in at one time). They were extremely efficient to get us in quickly! The lobby had such a unique vibe to it that carried throughout the hotel....upscale, classy, yet in a truly funky way! Our room was really nice....not a terrific view, but that wasn't a concern. The room we had was pretty narrow, but long. The room was furnished in highly contemporary and modern furnishings. The bed was amazingly comfortable! I loved the books that they had on the bookshelves to read while I was there. The bathroom was pretty unique with a shower stall which was just a clear glass wall. The best part of the hotel was the elevators....one thing I'll never forget. You couldn't help but smile in the morning when you went in them with not your typical elevator music....rather, upbeat dance music! We'll definitely stay here again! Great location, too, within walking distance of an incredible breakfast place (Yolk) and a corner cafe/deli.	
Mar 26 2009 	Great stay	Was staying in town for business and attending a convention at McCormick. This hotel was a 7 minute bus ride (bus provided by the convention which stopped at the Hilton located next door). The staff was very helpful, rooms were spacious and clean with a contempory feel. Had a wonderful view of the lake.	
Mar 26 2009	Interesting historic hotel with a funky modern update	This is a great hotel if you don't want to be right in the middle of shopping and would rather be closer to museums, universities, etc. Do ask for a room with a view and you will wake up to Grant Park and Lake Michigan. Everything about this hotel is unique (including the metallic gold tufted couches in the lobby). The rooms are very modern and have tremendous bathrooms. There's a Starbuck's in the lobby and a great tapas restaurant. Parking was expensive, but it's expensive everywhere in downtown Chicago. My daughter and I walked to shopping and restaurants and saw the Chicago River turn green. It was a great place.	
Mar 21 2009 	Every staff member made you feel welcome	I went to the AORN Congress this last week and stayed at the Blackstone. I purchased my room through Priceline so I feel the value was exceptional. The room was beautiful with a nice bathroom and rainfall shower. The service is what puts this hotel above many others. The staff was fantastic. I was made to feel welcome and valued as a customer. The location is great with most attractions within a $7 cab ride or within walking distance. Shedd Aquarium, Field Museum, the planetarium, Navy Pier, and the Magnificent Mile. The food at the Blackstone was good if not a little expensive. I paid $16 for a sandwich via room service but what I got was so big it was lunch and dinner. I highly recommend the Blackstone when staying in Chicago, I know I will go back.	
Mar 19 2009 	Awesome historical hotel with a modern twist...	This hotel was amazing. The location is right on Michigan Ave (on one end) so you can walk all along it for great restaurants, shopping and sightseeing. In terms of the hotel itself, the decor is very trendy, while still maintaining its historical facade. Everything seemed very new and well maintained. The room (king size) was nicely composed, flat screen HD, comfy chairs and shower but no bath.The best part for me was the free internet in the business center, I also liked the witty 'do not disturb' signs that read instead &quot;Please Go Away - I am debating with JFK&quot;Overall a very pleasant stay, great location, great hotel and at a decent price!	
Mar 19 2009 	Very nice place and a great value.	A nicely refurbished classic old hotel with elegant public areas and modern, comfortable, spacious, well-supplied, and well-operating rooms. Friendly staff in the lobby. Just three blocks to the Art Institute and a few more blocks to State Street shopping and some of the business centers. All in all a very pleasant place and a great value (though the tapas restaurant inside was overcrowded and overpriced). Highly recommended.	
Mar 18 2009 	Some of the staff was nicer than the others	I've noticed that I'm big on service. So when I check-in, I want good service. Someone to welcome you after a long journey, and give you a decent room upon arrival. I was quite unimpressed with this gentleman's service. We arrived around 3pm (check-in time, per their terms) to find that there were no double queen rooms remaining. Now, I know that when you book via their site, you merely make certain requests and they do their best to accommodate you. But when you check-in on time (neither early or late), and they give you a room on the lowest floor (7th, right above the gym) when you requested high floors and a king bed when you requested two queens.. would you be impressed? All the while emphasizing that we got a $99 rate (as if they could get more in this economy), which is why we could not guarantee the double queens. I just feel that you should charge what you think you deserve for your hotel. For example, if you think you are better than $99, and do not need the boost in traffic from people you consider less than your ideal clientele, then feel free to do so. That way you weed out those you find less than worthy, and you can charge the $400/night you believe your hotel is worth. I just ask you this -- how do you fit 3 people onto one king bed? The 3 people we stated upon reservation, I might add. Anyhow, he did not make a very good effort to make us happy... The next morning, the lady was also unpleasant when I asked to change rooms (since the guy at check-in had said it would not be a problem).. but again, I had difficulty communicating with her (Diana?). I'm not sure what their problem is. But luckily, we were not in the room too much and I finally got over the room situation. Other than that, the staff was really nice. I particularly liked the doormen and the rest of the concierge/front desk was pleasant. They were helpful with restaurant recommendations and transportation options. The room itself was pretty nice. You can tell that it has been recently renovated, with comfortable bed and LG flat screen. The bathroom was fairly spacious, but I will say that you should probably share a room with close family &amp; friends, because the way the sliding door closes leaves little to the imagination. The shower did not really have a door, and was all glass..so again, little to the imagination. This is just in our room - I am certain that there are better rooms. The business center was great.. two computers hooked up with all the internet you will need, and printers as well. This is one of the best features of the hotel, given that they do not provide free wireless.Other fine qualities include the proximity to Grant Park (though if you try to walk to certain attractions such as the Sears Tower or John Hancock, it will be quite a trek). Millennium Park and the Art Institute of Chicago are within walking distance. One downside is the lack of restaurants in the immediate vicinity of the hotel (starbucks closes at 8) so you should probably eat before you go back to the hotel, although room service was not too bad. The selection was decent, and the people were nice :) Other than that, you have to walk to State Street (under the El, and the street not particularly well lit) to feed yourself, particularly later at night.All in all, it was a great value for our money, despite the less than helpful guy at check-in (though we did not encounter him again). I would probably not go back because it's a bit further south than I would have liked, but definitely a beautiful hotel with nice rooms on the museum campus. Would recommend at the rate we got, but I am not sure how much I more I would pay (though you probably get better service with a higher rate).	
Mar 15 2009 	A real gem!	My family of four stayed here for a long weekend in Chicago. We all absolutely loved the Blackstone. The room was very contemporary, while the public areas of the hotel maintained the building's historic charm. The bathroom was large, the shower more than adequate, and the entire room very clean (and I am a very picky traveler when it comes to cleanliness). The location, while a little away from the excitement of most attractions, was right on the bus line and directly across from Grant Park. It was very easy to zip across the street each morning and catch the bus. The staff was accomodating, and I don't think I've ever encountered bell hops who were more pleasant and helpful. This hotel is a definite keeper, and one that you don't want to miss if you're visiting Chicago.	
Mar 11 2009 	First time in Chicago. Terrific hotel.	I stayed two nights at the Blackstone and really enjoyed it. Check-in with Brett was very welcoming. So glad I booked a lake/park view room - $119/nt. Loved the decor/furnishings. Found it spacious. Did not dine at the hotel, but got coffee at the Starbucks which closes earlier than usual. (7/8pm, I think.) Convenient location. The Michigan Ave public bus stops are one block north and one block south. Quirks:-- The mattress (pillow-top) was a little too soft for my liking.-- The noise of my neighbors' doors clicking/slamming shut was startling.	
Mar 11 2009 	Terrific hotel location staff--wonderful choice	Although we only stayed at the Blackstone for one night, we enjoyed our stay enough to say that we will definitely be back. Our room was very roomy, the beds were so comfortable, and the bathroom was very upscale with the latest features and terrific bath products. The hotel is located on south Michigan Avenue, right next door to the Chicago Hilton and Towers. This is an excellent location for anyone visiting the museum campus (Field Museum, Shedd Aquarium and Adler Planetarium). It's near Grant Park and Millennium Park, so it's a good location for anyone visiting any of the large festivals, such as Taste of Chicago, Jazz Fest, Gospel Fest, etc. It's just down the street from the Art Institute of Chicago. Another five star feature of this hotel is their staff--very warm and friendly and courteous. My boyfriend and I decided to walk around the hotel and look at some of its features, like the Art Hall and the ballroom. We found the door to the ballroom locked, but an employee of the hotel was getting off the elevator and saw us trying the door to the ballroom. He asked us if we would like to go in, so he unlocked the door for us, and gave us some time to look at the beautiful room, and told us a little bit about the renovation of the hotel. When we walked back to the lobby, an employee named Arturo asked if we were enjoying our stay. We told him that we had just been walking around, looking at different places in the hotel. He asked us if we had seen the historic Smoke Filled Suite. We said, &quot;no&quot;, so he offered to take us up there to show it to us. The Smoke Filled Suite is a beautiful suite that has been redecorated to look pretty much like it did in the 1920's. Back in 1920, when members of the Republic party were trying to decide on their presidential candidate, they met in this suite. When they made their decision then opened the door to the waiting press outside, the press was enveloped in a cloud of smoke that came out of the suite. Thus, the phrase &quot;smoked filled room&quot; was adopted. This is a beautiful, comfortable hotel with many interesting historical features, and it comes highly recommended from this reviewer.	
Mar 10 2009 	First Rate Hotel in a Great Location	Our four night stay at The Blackstone was first rate in every respect. Our room was ready for early check in on arrival. This heritage building has been beautifully restored. Our lakeview room was spacious and comfortable with modern decor. Great beds and bathroom (shower only). Spotlessly clean, as were the hallways and entrance lobby. Friendly, helpful staff. Excellent location close to the Art Institute and Symphony. An easy walk to the Chicago Architectural Foundation store where bus tours of the city's architectural heritage are available. Glad we elected to spend the little extra for a lakeview room. The view from the 12th floor over Grant Park to the lake was lovely at sunrise and through the evening. We tried the restaurant for lunch and enjoyed our meal.	
Mar 9 2009 	Enjoyed our stay!	My husband and I stayed at The Blackstone from Feb 21-Feb 23. We were celebrating his 30th birthday. We got a great deal through Sam's Club Travel for about $100/night.We chose this hotel for the value and it's proximity to they typical tourists spots. It was close to the Harrison St subway stop. It is directly across the street from Grant Park. We were able to walk to Millennium Park, Art Institute and the Magnificent Mile. We could see Shedd Aquarium and Soldier Field from our window.The pictures shown on the website are exactly what you will see when at the hotel. Our room was very clean and comfortable...especially the bed. There were down pillows and comforters which made it very cozy after a day of sightseeing in the windy city. There was also an ipod dock with several adapters so we could play our own music in the room. The bathroom had funky black and white wallpaper and was accented with pops of red. There was everything you needed....boot buffer, small sewing kit, mouthwash, cotton balls/swabs, etc. There were snacks and beverages available for purchase. I would suggest getting these elsewhere. The prices were outrageous. A small can of nuts for $12!!!Can't really comment on the staff. We didn't really need much of their help except when checking in/out. They did hold our luggage after we checked out at no charge.We enjoyed our stay here and hope to visit in the spring or summer.	
Mar 9 2009 	Too expensive for the services	PRO: nice room, nice view (pay extra or get brick wall view),nice beds.CONS: have to pay for things that low end hotels/motels like the SUPER 8 give away free - such as $12.99 for wi-fi,$2.50 for local calls,$47.00 per nite for parking, expensive breakfast. I'll stay at a lower end hotel/motel next time.	
Mar 6 2009 	Fabulous!!! Great attentive front desk.	From the moment we walked in we knew this was a hotel which is attentive to detail. The woman who checked us in was friendly and had a very inviting presence. She showed us where the museums were, gave us a map and explained how easy the walk would be to the area we wanted to go. The lobby is a super mix of the classic, historical era and new and modern. The room was even better. Comfy bed, pillows, great bathroom with nice products Super view of the Lake!!!We loved our stay and would return.	
Mar 4 2009 	fantastic remodeled choice!	This hotel was perfect for us. We were attending a convention at McCormick Place. While the Hilton next door was a convention hotel, we booked a fantastic room for a fraction of the price. Travelzoo was running a promotion for $99 and we still got the amenities of the free shuttle, with restaurants and a bar were all just next door.Our room was fantastic, very well furnished, lit, it was laid out wonderfully, and the bed was unbelievably comfortable.We will definitely stay again for that price!Would have given a 5 rating if just for a few important things.The woman at the front seemed overworked, the hotel was obviously understaffed.We called down and explained the honor bar would not open, we were simply told &quot;yes it does open&quot;, well two of us are not wrong, and isn't the guest supposed to be right? Someone should have come up to check it. If we could not open it there is a problem. Whatever, we went next door to Kitty O'Shea's instead.Also we got a wake up call early in the morning, we were up, but when we informed the woman at the front that WE had NOT asked for a wake up call, instead of an apology I was told that , Yes we did. Huh??? Even my colleague was flabbergasted, what if we were sleeping in!Sorry, we were very polite, and to be told WE were the problem not once but twice really needs to be addressed by management.	
Feb 18 2009 	Fabulous Place and Fantastic People !	I stayed at the Blackstone recently for business. The management has done a fabulous job of renovatiing this &quot;Grand Dame&quot; of Chicago. The lobby is a combination of trendiness and old world elegance. The rooms are simply superb, crisp linen, comfortable relaxing chair, flat screen tv, and the bathrooms are some of the nicest, with the club level room (Hubbard Place Room) having a tv bulit into the bathroom mirror. The location is quite convenient, and the staff extremely courteous and helpful. Special thanks to Mark and Tom at the front desk for accommodating my special room requests. I would like to stay nowhere else when in Chicago.	
Feb 15 2009 	Great View	Ever since this hotel was remodeled, I have wanted to spend the night. The rates have always been a little steep for me, so it wasn't until the economy hit hard was I able to swing the rate. I was on cloud &quot;9&quot; for my opportunity to stay here during Valentines Day weekend. Everything met or exceeded my expectations. The room was ready early as we checked in around noon. The room was well designed and the view was just the best I have ever had in Chicago. I could see all the way from Navy Pier to Soldier's field. I love the size of the hotel, big enough to offer services; Starbuck's, Spanish restaurant, nice bar etc, yet small enough to feel like any request would be met with good results. I can't really comment on the service, as we never really needed anything. It was all right there. It was a great stay. It is my new favorite hotel in Chicago!!!	
Feb 8 2009 	Better than expected!	We stayed at the Blackstone instead of the Hilton for the Cubs Convention and could not have been happier. For the view we got (the lake, Navy Pier, Grant Park, the museum campus), the price was outta this world! $160/night (book direct on Marriott's web-site for best rates I found). The staff was more than accomodating - showing us all the historical points of the hotel. Neil was the best! We felt like we were staying at a real expensive hotel for the service we received. The restaurant was not really for kids (at least our kids said &quot;blah&quot;) but a taxi can take you to lots of good places to eat. If we go back downtown and need to stay in that area, we will DEFINITELY stay at the Blackstone again.	
Jan 25 2009 	Convenience and comfort	The hotel is the nicest I've stayed in the downtown area, ultra modern mixed with historical charm. The entire staff was very helpful and friendly. The beds are comfortable and the bathrooms are big. I'll definitely stay here again.	
Jan 15 2009 	Chic Stay	Nicely appointed property! Huge bathrooms and comfy beds. The service was excellent!	
Jan 5 2009 	Amazing	Wow. We were very impressed with this hotel. This was our first trip to Chicago. We stayed the first two nights at The Tremont on Chestnut Street. No complaints at that hotel either, but this was a pleasant change. Renaissance are always amazing, but this was the best yet. All service was spectacular too. Let me continue by saying what an amazing deal this was. We booked a special of $119 a night, which included breakfast for 2 @ the Mercat (our bill was $40+ each day)!! What a deal. Due to our Marriott status, we were upgraded to the club level, Room 2018, lake view king room! The room was perfect. Very large, lots of windows, perfect view, terrific bathroom (with a tv in the mirror!). I couldn’t have been happier. The hotel was very nice otherwise. We ate at the Mercat one evening for dinner. We found it to be quite expensive for the amount of food you get, tapas, is the name of a wide variety of appetizers in Spanish cuisines, but it was the perfect amount to have before going out and it was all delicious. We were even awarded a free dessert from the super nice server! There is a lot of history with this hotel, which made it extra interesting. As I said before, we were spoiled with the location of The Tremont, but this location was fantastic for certain things too. Museum campus was less than 20 minute walk away, you could see the Planetarium, Aquarium and Field Museum from our room actually. The L runs about two blocks behind the hotel as well, so that is walking distance too. We inadvertently walked from our hotel to the Sears Tower too, but that was quite a haul in the freezing temperatures, but possible. There were not too many entertainment options super close at night. We were able to walk to Bar Louie, a couple blocks away, but there is a Bar Louie in Newport, KY, near Cincinnati so that wasn’t new for us. There were a couple other bars nearby, but we were just playing it safe considering it was so late. Otherwise, terrific experience. I cant say we would pay the typical $200+ for this hotel, although it is worth it, I would rather pay half that and be in a more walkable area. We spend so little time in our hotel room when traveling.	
Jan 1 2009 	The Blackstone is AMAZING!!	The Blackstone was amazing. The room was large and beautifully designed. The bathroom was oversized and luxurious. All of the finishes were top notch.The service was great too. From the front desk to the bell boys and doormen. Everyone was terrifically helpful.They even arranged their hotel car - Lexus 600LS - to take us to our New Year's event. An unexpected little luxury.And, which is highly unusual for a full service hotel - they offered free internet.The restaurant - Mercat - was awesome too. Spanish tapas. The food and service were excellent.	
Dec 31 2008 	Great stay	This renovated hotel does not disappoint. Fireplace in the lobby was very appealing on a cold Chicago day. Have never enjoyed a better room or been treated better . Rate was excellent value for what we got. Recommend without reservation!	
Nov 4 2008 	Absolutely loved the Blackstone!	I cannot say enough good things about my stay at the Blackstone...was here on business in mid-October...absolutely EVERYONE working there treated us so wonderfully...I had stayed at the Palmer House back in March and the service didn't even begin to compare...if you have a choice, choose the Blackstone...you'll be very impressed!	
Nov 2 2008 	Perfect Location	This hotel has recently reopened from remodeling. It is walking distance to Soldier Field and a short drive to the United Center. We checked in around 6 PM on a Saturday and had no problem. The room was very nice, no complaints. The bathroom has only a shower, no tub, and the Marriott beds were very comfortable as usual. The room did have a snack bar, but it was very expensive. It also had a flat-screen HDTV, with all four main ESPN channels (the most important ones). There is also a Starbucks in the hotel and a candy-counter. The hotel doesn’t have a buffet and room service was way too expensive so we just went over to the Hilton (which is just across the street) and ate a very good buffet breakfast at The Pavilion for half the price ($22 per person). Check-out wasn’t a problem either, and they’ll valet your car for you. They even let us keep our car there after we checked out so we could go to the Bears game without driving around forever trying to find a parking place. It is a lengthy walk to Soldier Field, but it is worth it just to keep your car there.	
Oct 28 2008	Amazing Hotel; great location!!!	This is one of the nicest Marriott or Hilton hotels I've ever stayed at. This is a nice compliment seeing as I usually do about 280 nights/ year!! :) I heard they finished the renovation in 8 yrs and the Beatles Yogi bought this place and paid $125 million for the renovation. it sat vacant for 9 years. As you'll see in the pictures I've attached, the property looks more like a super trendy/hip boutique hotel. The staff is super nice and the executive lounge is very spacious and super classy. The attached tapas restaurant was also phenomenal and highly regarded in the area.I will definitely stay here again if I get the chance!!	
Oct 20 2008 	Excellent Stay	I stayed at the Blackstone for work and pleasure. Got an excellent room with a view of the Lake. The room was very quiet, the bed very comfortable, the shower terrific, and the bathroom very modern. The location is also excellent, tho a bit of a walk from from Water Tower. I would stay there again and highly recommend.	
Oct 14 2008 	Unbelievable!!	I have never been treated so well. I can't believe how friendly everyone was. We got an unbelievable room. Very big and beautifully decorated. The bathroom was awesome! There was even a tv in the mirror! We will definately go back.	
Sep 29 2008 	Great Hotel! I highly recommend	I must say that I was just HAPPY to get a room on priceline at a price that my company could afford in downtown Chicago, much less this one! I had never heard of the Blackstone, my ignorance, but now I can't let it go! I even extended my trip I enjoyed it so much! The lobby and Art Hall are just beautiful! The hotel was carefully restored and is just stunning. The rooms are bright and airy, with nice finishings and great Lather products in the marble-filled bathroom. The ipod docking station was perfect for my iPhone. The hotel is quiet, a calm oasis in the middle of the city. I loved the leather Eames chair in the room as well. I would have liked to been a little further north on Michigan, but hey, we can't have it all, right? The service, to me, was what really made me go and write a review. Friendly, professional, and just eager to please. There is also a great Tapas place and a 'real' Starbucks (not just a kiosk with a thermos) in the hotel, on the main level, if you are interested. I would 100% recommend this hotel and will definitely stay here again!	
Sep 22 2008 	Pleasant Surprise	My wife and I had originally booked a room at the Hyatt, but due to issues outside of the Hyatt's control they reserved a room for us at the Blackstone. We were very pleasanty surprised. The rooms have all been nicely updated and are very modern. The location lends itself well to anyone wanting to visit the Grant or Millenium Park, the Museum Campus, or Navy Pier. If you were up for a little exercise you could walk to shopping on the Miracle Mile or take a short cab ride.We had our two small children along, but the hotel is probably best suited for couples. We'd love to come back for a weekend without the kids.	
Sep 3 2008 	Really Enjoyed the Location and the Staff	My husband and I stayed here for 4 days and 3 nights during the Labor Day weekend. We typically visit Chicago at least once a year and this is the first time we've stayed at the Blackstone. The location was great - we had a wonderful view of Lake Michigan and Grant Park. We were able to walk to the Shedd Aquarium and some of the museums in though there was a free trolley available just steps away from the hotel on Michigan Ave. The staff was friendly and seemed genuinely concerned about whether we were enjoying our stay. The only disappointments were not getting the fridge we requested with our reservation until the second day of our stay and some issues with the room thermostat. The room never quite cooled off to the temperature we set and it was a little warmer than Labor Day usually is in Chicago. Those were not huge issues and the staff was very apologetic about them -- we would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 2 2008 	What a Great Place!	After receiving a couple of suggestions of hotels near the Auditorium Theater in Chicago, I settled on The Blackstone. It was a birthday surprise weekend for my wife. All I can say is she loved it!The Blackstone has been closed for about 8 years. It was due to become condos but the deal fell through and the Marriott Corp. picked up the property. We were somewhat nervous when the hotel wasn't listed in any of the guide books we had. The reason for not being listed is the hotel has only been reopened for about 5 months. There was no reason to be nervous.We checked in early on a Friday morning without any difficulty whatsoever. We were there at about 10:00am, but our room was ready so they allowed us to check right in. We were told by the front desk that we had been upgraded to a lake view room. Our room was on the 14th floor overlooking both Michigan Ave and Balbo. It was a corner room that had it's own entry hallway! On the lake side we had 2 huge windows and a third smaller window. The Balbo side had one huge window. The decor is very modern although the hotel dates back to the early 1900's. The bathrooms are all marble with huge walk-in showers and rainfall shower heads. Again the bathroom fixtures are all very modern styled. The king bed was super comfortable with lots and lots of pillows.Our weekend package included breakfast, so we ate both mornings at the Mercat restaurant. It was very nice but a bit pricey.One floor of the hotel is called the Art Hall. While we were checking out the Art Hall, one of the hotel folks asked if we had seen the ballroom. Of course we hadn't and he opened the doors of Art Hall which put us in the balcony of the ballroom. It was awesome. A brilliant flower patterned rug was the focal point of the room which had just been finished and was going to host their first wedding this coming weekend.The hotel lobby is again a mix of old world hotel with a modern touch. All very cool. The staff was there whenever you needed them and everyone was very eager to please. Our package included Citypasses for the 2 of us. They had run out, so the concierge just told us to go see whatever museums we wanted and save the receipts and they would reimburse us. That worked out very well as we did want to make the most of every minute we had in Chicago, and waiting around for passes wasn't on our itinerary.I would highly recommend this hotel. It is very beautifully restored and the staff is very eager to please.	
Sep 2 2008 	What a Great Surprise for her Birthday!	I decided on a surprise for my wife in the city. Unfortunately, like many others, family life and children don't always allow us the opportunity for romantic getaways. I searched for the right place and I sure am glad that I found The Blackstone Hotel. Located sweetly on Michigan Ave, across the street from Grant Park. This was ultra convienent because it was also the weekend of the Chicago Jazz Festival. First thing we noticed when we went in was the nostalgic lobby (except of course the Starbucks downstairs). The employees were friendly and courteous and gave us our room on the 18th floor. The Deluxe suite was loaded with modern decor an amenities that were hard not to love (HD flatscreen TV, iHome alarm clock, etc.) The bathroom was spacious with quite a unique (in a good way) shower. The only thing lacking was great water pressure. But probably the most important aspect, the bed, was right on point. Spacious and comfortable king with down comforter and down pillows. What's not to enjoy?I plan for us to go back again. It definitely left a mark on us, and we loved our getaway. I imagine you will too.	
Sep 1 2008 	Didn't want to leave!	My husband and I had friends who had their wedding and reception at the Blackstone on Aug. 30th. According to the staff, it was the first wedding at the hotel since the renovations. We were both in the wedding party and were privy to many of the things behind the scenes that the guests were not. I speak for both my husband and I when I say that we were blown away at the level of service and the quality of the stay over the course of the weekend. Our friends had hired a wedding planner, but the staff at the hotel , especially Flavia, were the ones who really made the wedding day as special as it was. All of the staff were very accomodating and attentive to the bride as well as the groom, going above and beyond making sure that needs were met and that everything was taken care of. The rooms were wonderful, modern touches but very comfortable. The bride had booked the &quot;Smoking&quot; suite (one of the rooms with quite a bit of political history) for her over the weekend. We have NEVER seen a room as spectacular as this -the view overlooked Buckingham Fountain, Navy Pier and Lake Michigan, there were 2 bathrooms and the master bathroom has a TV in the mirror and there was a bedroom a sitting room and a combined dining and living room. The crystal ballroom was where the reception was held. The room was amazing and the hotel staff, including a manager, was present during the entire night to make sure that things ran smoothly. We live in Chicago and could have easily gone home, but wanted our time at the Blackstone to be extended as long as possible so we were more than happy to have stayed overnight. This was the best hotel we have ever stayed in, this includes the Ritz Carlton in St. Thomas we stayed at for our honeymoon, and would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a place to have a wedding.	
Aug 18 2008 	A Step Back into History	Traveled back to Chicago to celebrate our wedding anniversary. After looking at numerous hotels on North Michigan Ave. we tried something different, stayed on the garden side of South Michigan, and are we glad we did!! Everyone, from the front desk clerk to the maids were very nice. The room was Outstanding. Compared to the cost for the hotels on Michigan Ave. The Blackstone is a diamond in the ruff. After a 128 million dollar remodel, this will be my hotel to stay for years to come. I can't find anything negative about the property and made a reservation as soon as we got home to stay again next month. The view from our room wasn't the best, but walk out the doors and one block away is Grant Park, a few more blocks is the Lakefront. You can't go wrong with the Blackstone!!	
Aug 11 2008 	Wonderful Hotel Great Staff	There were 8 of us that stayed at the Blackstone on 8/9/08 for a Cubs baseball game. I booked 3 rooms through priceline and got a really good deal going that way. I was excited to see the hotel we got, and was looking forward to my trip back to Chicago. At check in we were informed there were no double beds available, which kind of put us in a bind since we had 2 couples sharing one room, plus there were no cots available, so we had 4 people in a king bed. I do have to say they were very apologetic and did bring us extra pillows and blankets, plus upgraded us to the 20th floor. Unfortunately when you book with priceline you can not request certain types of rooms. The rooms are very well decorated and very clean. Being on the 20th floor we had a decent view of the skyline. We did not eat at the restaurant, but did stop in for bloody marys before leaving for the game, and that was one of the best bloody marys I have ever had. The red line is only a few blocks from the hotel, and not hard to find. There are a few bars within walking distance, including Legends (Buddy Guy's bar), unfortunately when we went up there on Saturday night they wanted a $15 cover. Since none of us are big blues fans we decided to skip that and walk up to the small bar on the corner that had very good prices on drinks and very friendly service. If you want to go to the Navy Pier it is about a $9 - $10 cab ride. We did go to Dick's Last Resort for supper. One of my favorite places in downtown Chicago. The rest of the trip was the Cubs-Cards game, so spent a lot of time around Wrigley and hitting the Cubby Bear. Checkout on Sunday was very fast and efficient. They made a point to make sure our stay was without any trouble. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. They definitely have done a great job of upgrading this hotel, and the staff makes it #1.	
Aug 7 2008	Neat stylish retro hotel	Just stayed a night at this hotel. Booked an oversized room, and it lived up to the billing - 2 Queens, good sized desk, lounge chair, very large bathroom, and lots of room between everything. Kind of felt like an apartment it was so big. Decorated in a chic, retro decor that works a lot better than some of the minimalist retro properties I've stayed at elsewhere, it really works here and gives the property a luxorious feel. Property overall had a neat feel too, with good service at front desk and tapas restaurant in front lobby (tasty food too). Property undergoing some renovations, something you might want to ask about, but I was in an upper floor and it was a non-issue for me. I really liked this hotel, wouldn't change a thing and would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 7 2008 	Cost me extra to stay here	I stayed here as the media guest of a large company, and though I'm happy to report that the rooms are very nicely updated, they are also quite small and you're going to pay extra ($15) for DSL internet access. The beds are great and the door staff are very friendly. The only problem is that the desk staff are kids and barely know what they're doing. I had given them my credit card for incidentals and reminded them when I checked out, &quot;Now, you're going to charge the room to THAT card (my sponsor's) and not THIS card, right?&quot; Confused, 21 year old called over the 25 year old manager, who pointed out the card the room was supposed to be charged to, and I was assured there would be no problem. Sure 'nuff, I get home and find they've charged $600 to the wrong card and my checking account is now overdrawn. $100 in overdraft fees and hours of attempts to fix it, I'm still waiting for my money to be refunded a week later, and they've already charged the other card. Does that sound like a 5-Star hotel? Not to me.I won't be back.	
Jul 25 2008 	Unique and Hip while maintaining the historic charm	I work for another hotel company but our hotels were full so I booked here as I had heard a lot about this recently renovated hotel. I was not dissapointed! They have kept the historic charm but at the same time it looks very trendy and cool. The hallways and public areas are unlike most cookie-cutter hotels. My room had a wonderful view of the lake and Fountain, and while it may have been a little small, it made up for it with a large stone entry cooridor and expansive bathroom with the largest showerhead I have ever seen. Healthclub was great as well, very large with windows and VERY hi-tech treadmills. Staff was friendly and helpful. Only issue was that room service was quoted as 45 min and took well over an hour - hotel was pretty busy.	
Jul 17 2008 	You will definitely like the Blackstone	I just finished a four night stay at the Blackstone and just thought it was great. The remodel came out great, the room was very large and the staff couldn't have been friendlier.I searched a number of places before deciding on the Blackstone and it is close to a 5 star hotel but at a much better price.The new lounge and restaurant on site are also excellent. The restaurant seems to be a hot spot for locals, probably because it's new and has received good reviews, and that just makes the whole experience that much better.I stayed with my brother and father (Cubs weekend) and we ended up with a room with two queen beds - which, as it turns out, means the room is even larger (huge, even) and the roll-away didn't make any difference. The room was great and my dad thought it was a suite it was so big.Can't say enough good things. I'm sure people can have bad experiences (just like any hotel) but the Blackstone itself is definitely a good call.	
Jul 13 2008 	Furnishings and location were nice service was not	They screwed up our reservation. Instead of a &quot;deluxe lakeview room&quot; we got a view of a brick wall on the street. The front desk clerk blamed it on Expedia. I've never had any hotel complain about Expedia before. WHen I called Expedia they tried to take control of the situation, but the hotel was uncooperative, even though the hotel had faxed Expedia a signed confirmation of the room type, according to Expedia. Manager Kate was a cold fish. She said that the Blackstone did not guarantee the room type. I pointed out that I had paid $50 more to get the view. She didn't offer any solution. I said I’d take the lesser room for the usual price. She emitted heavy sighs and said she’d call Expedia. I called Expedia 30 minutes later but Kate had not called them. I decided not to ruin the day and gave up. Upon checkout, the manager (nice black guy, didn't catch his name) called Expedia and confirmed that the charges had been reduced. Other problems: a clerk took our wakeup call request, but someone called at 6:30 instead of 9:30 (on Sunday!). I never got back to sleep because of all the sirens and street noise. The shower door was clear and the bathroom door was semi opaque glass, so you might not want to share this room with someone unless you are good friends. Beds were comfy for one but not for 2 people. Decor was pretty posh but more contemporary corporate than homey. Parking was $46. The valet guys were very nice. The location was perfect for Taste of Chicago.	
Jul 6 2008 	Expensive but wonderful	I stayed at the Blackstone for a work related event. It was really beautiful. Very nicely restored. If you can, try for the Lake View rooms. I had one and had an incredible view of Lake Michigan and the Navy Pier. There are fire works at Navy Pier on Wed and Sat and I got a great view of them from my window. The staff was 100% helpful to me. Definitely recommend it, especially if it's a business expense!	
Jul 2 2008	Wonderful Stay!	Just returned from a four night stay at the Blackstone Hotel in Chicago and had a wonderful stay.I called the hotel a few days before arriving and asked if I was able to take the &quot;El&quot; (subway/train) to the hotel. The concierge told me that I can take the Blue Line from O'Hare airport to the Jackson station and grab a cab and it would only be a few minutes from there. If you don't have too much luggage, you can easily switch to the Red Line at Jackson and take one stop to Harrison and the hotel is only a couple of blocks away. Train tickets only cost $2 a person so it can be a very cheap way to get to the hotel. The train ride will take close to an hour. Once you get out of the Harrison stop, just look up at the skyline. It is very easy to landmark the hotel with its red exterior and distinctive green top. The hotel is located on the corner of S Michigan Avenue and Balbo.As many have noted, staff are very friendly and greet you as you enter and exit the hotel. Check in was quick and we were given a room on the 17th floor with views of Soldier Field, the Field Museum, Shredd Aquarium and Adler Planetarium. The hotel throughout is beautifully and tastefully decorated. I particularly liked that the room had a little collection of books on Chicago. I thought it was a nice touch. The alarm clocks also had an ipod dock so you could listen to your ipod in the room. There is a coffee maker in the room and a Starbucks downstairs so there was no problems getting your morning caffeine. We were in town just in time for Taste of Chicago and it took place in Grant park so we were literally across the street from all the action. It was an easy walk to many of the cities attractions. We walked all the way down through Grant Park, Millenium Park, to Navy Pier, through the Magnificent Mile and to the Hancock Building.Everything exceeded expections except for Housekeeping. They provided lush and comfy bathrobes and I wanted some slippers so I called for some only to be told they were out. Daily housekeeping I found was inconsistent and didn't go as good as a job as I would have liked. But that is a minor complaint.Overall this was a wonderful hotel and I would highly recommend.	
Jun 19 2008 	Beautiful and friendly	The hotel is beautifully elegant, traditional yet contemporary. Staff greets you at the door upon entry and exit, very helpful and accomodating. My room was immaculately kept, room service responsive even thought it was a very busy week for downtown hotels. My only regret is that my wife was not there to share it with me. I had a great view of the lake and parks across the street and enjoyed one night of fireworks from the 21st floor. I did not eat in the restaraunt, I opted for the Hilton across the street but wish I had tried it. The only thing lacking was shuttle transportation to McCormick Place but the HIlton provided that. You will not be disappointed with your stay, I highly recommend it.David Gulotta, New Iberia Louisiana	
Jun 14 2008 	Very pleased--location non-smoking new refurb etc . . .	Thrilled with location--only about 2 blocks from the Red line. Being on the back of the hotel (17th floor) the noise from the El was noticeable. Had the noise been constant it would have drifted into the background and been more white noise than anything. In fact it almost sounded like the ocean. But since the noise came and went with each train it seemed to stand out a little. I usually travel with a portable fan but didn't this time. Had I had it on, I wouldn't have been bothered by the El noise. This wouldn't prevent me from staying here again--I'd just be sure to bring my fan.Room was confortable, if a tiny bit small. The large bathroom and tiled foyer in the room made up for it. Decor in the room was excellent.The walk-in shower had a glass wall separating it from the rest of the bathroom. The wall wasn't long enough as a little water pooled on the floor.Getting back to our room one day at about 5:00pm discovered that the room hadn't been straightened up yet. After a quick call to the front desk, they apologized and sent someone up while we were out at dinner. Really was a non-issue for us but wanted to mention it as example of how quickly the hotel staff responded.Didn't eat on property as prices seemed excessive. Prefer to eat in the local/family run places anyway. Would recommend this hotel to friends.	
Jun 10 2008	Blackstone excellence	Superb service and staff, excellent room, comfortable beds, excellent internet..what more is there to day?	
Jun 9 2008 	PERFECT!!!	If you're looking for an eclectic, modern spin on a historic hotel, then this is the place for you! Known as one of Al Capone's favorites, and completed in 1910, this one is one from the movies! On Michigan Avenue, within walking distance of nearly EVERYTHING in Chicago. Valet was exceptional, check-in was a breeze. The on-site Tapa's restaurant was wonderful. Our room was decorated to the &quot;T&quot; for a restored hotel. Tiled floors, down comforters, bright colors and EXTREMELY clean. Our view in the day was nothing to write home about, but the night view of the Sears Tower and Hancock was SPECTACULAR! The other side of the hotel would face Michigan Ave and the Lake, so it would be even more beautiful. We loved every minute that we spent in our room (almost as much as our Chicago experience itself!) Would recommend again and again and again! We'll be back!	
Jun 3 2008 	Trying to be a Kimpton hotel	I was there for a conference from May 22-28. I would give it a 3.5 because of some issues, but some issues were probably specific to our situation. The Good:1. newly refurbished, modern furniture etc.2. very clean room3. very nice staff4. cute bar, although a little small5. nonsmoking 6 Starbucks in front7. good lunch restaurant8. great locationThe Bad:1. Even though this was a conference and there were 4 of us in the room, we had a difficult time getting them to guaranteee 2 beds 2. Beds were soft and there were too many pillows. 3. Too much cuteness without practicalities - e.g., the shower stall door went from floor to ceiling, but opening it produced a lot of noise in the bedroom; lots of metal bathroom fixtures (soap dish, garbage can), which also made noise if touched; only one towel rack in bathroom, so we couldn't conserve our towels3. Housekeeping continually left us only decaf coffee. They quickly brought us more when we called, but this happened reapeatedly.4. We were overcharged for internet use and for parking (we didn't have a car). It took a long time for them to sort this out when we departed.5. Bar closed early on Memorial Day - we were told it was last call, but then people (apparently bartender's friends) came in and were served.Special IssueWe asked for a fridge and microwave because of a medical condition requiring preparing own food. They provided a fridge, but the only outlet in which it coudl be plugged was controlled by a hall-switch by the door. Even though we put a sign over the switch, housekeeping kept turning it off. Hotel couldn't provide a microwave and told us that the Executive Floor was still under construction (which it wasn't). My husband had to call them to come get his food and take it downstairs to be microwaved. Bit of a pain, but in the future we know to find a hotel with a kitchette.	
May 17 2008 	Beautiful hotel but not without a couple of gripes	Stayed here in the 30th April 2008. Was extremely luck as the night we checked in we were informed it was the official opening and were treated to explore the hotel and sip champagne. In the ballroom we ended mingling with Chicago's high and mighty. After a good start it got even better. The room was beautiful, fantastic bed, flat screen tv and tastefully designed BUT as much as I don't want to fault The Blackstone I unfortunatley have to. I brought to attention 3 times the fact that our bedside lamps were not working and nothing was done, it was not a big deal seeing as we were only staying 2 night but still after 3 complaints even an acknowlegment would have done for me . I think they should also reconsider their windows. We woke really early from the sounds of the morning rushhour and L train. I understand it's downtown Chicago but I never had to wear earplugs in a hotel before. Again under the understanding of location and prices etc.... I still thought that the breakfast in room was ridiculously over priced. It cost nearly $70 for two unspectacular omelettes and a pot of coffee, $18 for the coffee alone and not as good as the Starbucks at the front of the hotel. There was not much choice on the menu either. Ironically I really enjoyed staying in the blackstone. All the staff were very friendy. The location is perfect for anyone visiting Chicago as you are right in the middle of all the action. Shopping is 5 mins left as you walk out the front door, tourist trails and spots are right on your doorstep. The gym has all state of the art equipment with beautiful views from the 6th floor. A hotel that is steeped in history and class, somewhere I would definitely stay again	
May 3 2008 	Awsome Hotel	Before my stay I heard some bad reviews about this hotel and staff. Upon my arrival there was nothing but top notch care and pampering from every employee at this hotel. The hotel is breathtaking and in a perfect location to transit for anywhere in the city. The rooms are all done in modern time while the hotel is like going back in time with the ballroom to the lobby. while there I could just go back in time to think of all the festivities that happened there long ago. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 16 2008 	Outstanding Hotel - lots of hostory wrapped in a brand new look	Don't normally like to stay in older hotels but the Blackstone is a brand new old hotel. Lots of history wrapped in a brand new look. Rooms are completely redone and modern. Hotel staff was very friendly and attentive. The hotel gym was larger than most I have been in and had brand new equipment. The restuarant on the first floor is also very good if you can get in and don't want to go to far from the hotel.	
Apr 15 2008 	Great new hotel with central location	Just got back from 2 nights at the Blackstone. Room was excellent and spacious - marble floors in entry and bathroom, flat screen tv, high end furniture. Really the service is what makes the hotel stand out. You could not walk by any employee without them saying hi to you, holding the door open, etc.I would highly recommend the hotel if you are planning to go to the museums. It is about a 10-15 minute walk through Grant Park to the Field Museum, Aquarium, and Planetarium, but you cannot get much closer in terms of a hotel. The Art Museum is about a 10 minute walk also the other direction.If you are taking the train into the city, get off at the Van Buren Station and its an easy walk to the hotel (you can use this same stop to get to the Science Museum). Otherwise parking is $46/night at the hotel or around the corner on Wabash you can overnight for a little under $15 - we didn't go this route but we walked past this cheaper garage on our way back to the hotel one day.	
Apr 9 2008 	Wonderful gem with few rough edges	Our stay at the brand new/greatly historic Blackstone was a terrific experience. The renovations have been very well done, adding contemporary furnishings and gadgets to the classic structure. Our only issues were with some service aspects which appear to be not well worked out yet, such as housekeeping not servicing our room until 6 pm and a clump of valet parkers who ignored us (we ended up in the Hilton lot across the street, marginally less exhorbitant). The hotel has a great future, building on a spectacular architectural treasure in a perfect location.	
Apr 8 2008	The Blackstone - New Chicago Landmark	The Blackstone (So. Mich. Ave. @ Balbo next to the Hilton Chicago) has been beautifully rehabbed and updated by Marriott as a Renaissance property. Having stayed there in '99 when it was independently managed, the improvement is impressive indeed. Friends and I booked 3 separate rooms and all of us were more than satisfied - especially given we had senior rates. My large, marble bathroom had a walk-in shower with a rainfall shower head and top-of-the-line amenities. The staff to a person is eager-to-please. The location is hard to beat being within walking distance of Millennium Park, the Art Institute, Orchestra Hall, and the El. There's an on-site Starbucks and a Spanish-themed bar and restaurant which, while pricey, features well-prepared, and imaginative food. Being as new as it is, the staff really goes out of its way to make one's stay as pleasurable as possible.	
Apr 1 2008 	Live up to my expectations	When I booked this hotel I had very high expectations, I have already seen the pics on their web page and it simply looked fabulous. I have to say that The Blackstone didn't let me down. The rooms are cozy, you feel at home. They really have made a good job of the renovation. During our stay, not everything went smoothly, we had to move to another room because of some piping works. However we never felt something wrong with our room. Despite this little hitch, my evaluation is 10 out of 10.I highly recommend this hotel if you can afford it.	
Mar 24 2008 	Beautiful Renovation Amazing Hotel	Went to the Blackstone following their major renovation and must say it has to be one of the nicest hotels in Chicago now. Classic finish with some modern touches. The lobby is beautiful and the meeting rooms (including the famous ballroom) are exquisite. The hotel rooms themselves are quite nice - flat screens, cool wallpapering done in the bathrooms. I prefer this to the Drake anyday. I received a tour of the famous room where they held the Republica National Convention (The Smoking Room I believe they called it) which is going to be converted into a suite and is still under renovation. Also got to see the meeting room downstairs that used to be a barbershop where Al Capone got his hair cut. The staff here are very friendly and they also just opened up an amazing tapas restaurant in the building as well. HIGHLY suggested for Chicago.	
Nov 19 2009 	Très confortable très beau propre et bien situé... mais bruyant		
