	"The Finest Chicago Hotel I have stayed at to date"	This past week I stayed at the Sutton Place Hotel in downtown Chicago. I was attending a medical conference and the location of the hotel, within walking distance of the &quot;Miracle Mile&quot;, downtown and the Lakeshore made it a perfect location.&quot; I have stayed in many of Chicago's finest hotels, many of which are typically priced well above the level of the Sutton Place Hotel. I have never stayed in a finer hotel in Chicago. As a comparison, my medical conference was held in a &quot;Five Star&quot; hotel, five minutes walking distance from the Sutton Place. I was in several of the rooms at this &quot;Five Star&quot; hotel as a guest of fellow physicians. I in fact have stayed in this &quot;Five Star&quot; hotel several times in the past, yet without question the Sutton Place Hotel was finer, in my opinion, in all respects. The Sutton Place Hotel's price was one quarter of this &quot;Five Star&quot; hotel. I was placed on the Penthouse Suite of the Sutton Place, I had a perfect view, my room was spotless. Both room service and the attached restaurant / bar were excellent. The hotel offers a business center in which guests are able to use the internet for free, which allows me to leave my laptop at home. The valet parking rates, with hotel validation, are a very good deal. I would HIGHLY recommend any Chicago traveler, for business or pleasure to stay at the Sutton Place Hotel.	
Nov 20 2009	Best Staff EVER	Stayed there for a week and was extremely impressed by the staff, who made this probably our best hotel stay ever. By our second day there, the doormen greeted us BY NAME as we came and went and remembered little details about where we said we were going. The concierge was very friendly and super helpful, arranging nice tours and getting us awesome seats for a musical. The room was small, but the floor-to-ceiling windows made it feel much bigger than it was. We enjoyed the chocolate covered strawberries that were waiting for us when we got to the room. The separate tub (it was huge) and shower were nice, too. The restaurant had good food at suprisingly reasonable prices. The hotel location was fairly good; we were able to walk to some places, but mostly took cabs. Overall, though, it's the staff that made Sutton Place top notch.	
Nov 19 2009 	Location location location *	Perfect location - close to everything (for a first-timer to Chicago) but just the right distance away (couple of blocks) from the &quot;busy streets&quot;.Doormen were friendly, staff were good, rooms were decent, and a hidden surprise - a business centre with free internet access for guests!We also signed up for the Sutton Place loyalty club, which gave us free wi-fi, and after only one 5 night stay (with some bonusing), we already have enough points to redeem for a breakfast buffet for 2! Really great value as we took advantage of &quot;room sale&quot; pricing offered by Sutton's website.	
Nov 18 2009 	Great Place	It is a very nice hotel. I was in Chicago for a conference and it was in a great location to the downtown area. Lots of shopping and great restaurants.	
Nov 11 2009 	friendly welcoming staff great location	my husband and I booked this hotel through priceline-named our own price and got a great deal(less than 1/2 price), we were worried that we might be treated differently from others who had paid full rate, but no, we really enjoyed our stay here. From check-in to check-out we were treated like we were special--we were upgraded to a lake view room with floor to ceiling windows on 2 walls, what a great view.we had room service on 1 night--food was perfect, service quick and professional--we were impressed, we were sorry we didn't have dessert as well as soup and main courses!!! but as portions were huge could not fit it in!!all staff were so helpful and polite,room was very clean, nicely decorated, and large. the business centre was useful to check emails, although there are only 2 monitors and I had to wait a while on one occasion as both were occupied. There is a charge for printing--not something we saw in any other hotel we stayed in on this trip--but if you want to print out boarding passes it's free so that's fine. the hotel is situated close to shopping with lots of nice restaurants nearby--we tried the pancake house for breakfast one morning---very good, busy and expect to wait for a table but enjoyable, the second morning we went to the corner bakery--great porridge(oatmeal) and tea!!, very good value.It's just a short stroll to lake mitchigan, or take the red line into downtown or further, overall this hotel is ideal and we would love to return there some day, the staff are fabulous	
Oct 16 2009 	Great Location	We were in Chicago for the marathon and arrived at the hotel very tired after a long flight from London, only to be told that they did not have our reservation. The staff at the desk, although very pleasant were inexperienced in customer service. It was eventually sorted but we had to miss out on a dinner reservation and we were not even offered a complementary drink from the bar. This bad start aside, we could not fault the hotel. The rooms were spacious and very clean and the beds were extremely comfortable. The complementary tea and coffee that is served in the lobby every morning is a nice touch. The doormen were extremely pleasant and not atall pushy for tips. You could not find a better location in the whole of Chicago. You are a five minute walk from the shoreline, lovely beaches and very scenic and you are the same distance from the start of the magnificant mile. You are immediately opposite two fabulous restaurants, Hugo's Frog Bar and Gibsons Steakhouse, both pricey but worth it for the quality of the food. The hotel bar, The Wiskey has a great selection of cocktails and wines and the atmosphere is great with a mixed crowd of young and old alike, not atall stuffy.I would definately recommend this hotel and I will definately stay here again next time I am in Chicago.	
Oct 15 2009 	Nice hotel great location would definitely go back	A friend and I stayed at the Sutton Place to watch some friends run the Chicago Marathon. It was excellent from beginning to end; super-helpful reception staff, beautiful room with great views, really comfortable beds, soaking tub, blazing hot shower and the place is also incredibly quiet. You can easily get around by walking or subway and the Pancake House across the street is cheap, cheerful and good food. Also check out the German tea shop down the street. All in all a great experience.	
Oct 13 2009 	Excelelnt Location and Ambience	We recently stayed in this hotel for our first visit to Chicago. It is located 1 1/2 blocks from Lake Michigan and also from the shopping area. It looks like a residential neighborhood but is convenient to everything: transportation, sightseeing, and great restaurants. The rates are reasonable and the staff is superb.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great Place within walking distance to everything!	My Husband and I stayed here when we had to travel to Chicago on business. We both agreed that we would absolutely stay there again. It was located in the heart of a great restaurant district. We shopped, ate and went sightseeing all without needing a car or taxi. The rooms were clean and comfortable. We had a lot of space!! I would recommend this hotel to any of my friends or family.	
Sep 29 2009 	Location great watch for hidden charges!	I left the hotel with a $211 bill and arived home with a $241 charge to my account. When I called the manager, he predictably sent me to the accounting department who was no longer working. I can't recommend a hotel that employs these tatics.	
Sep 24 2009 	Wonderful experience	I resided at The Sutton Place Hotel while visiting Chicago for a 10 day vacation. The hotel felt like home away from home. The bed was very comfortable and I soaked in the big jacuzzi tub every chance I got. I had the corner room which overlooked the Pancake House and had views of Oak Beach and the Lake. I am a late riser and staff were understanding, they did not to bother me to clean the room. Luckily they have day and night cleaners, sometimes I never left the room until late afternoon, those were my lazy days. The room felt like an apartment and the stereo with speakers was an added amenity. When I read a book I would put the stereo on for background music and with the sunlight gleaming into my room it was very relaxing. The only disturbance I experienced was the slamming of doors by the housekeeping staff. I would suggest they use door stops when constantly entering and exiting the rooms they are servicing. Apart from that and the Friday night happy hour at the Tavern on The Rush, the room was reasonably quiet. Being a solo traveler I found the area around the hotel very safe and I felt comfortable walking about at night. Since there are so many popular restaurants in the area, it can get very busy with traffic and people in the evenings which is great for people watching.  The beach and Mag Mile is about 2 or 3 blocks away, a 10 minute walk at best which is very convenient for lakefront exercise or shopping. I enjoyed the double decker bus and trolley tours, which I did twice, after all you can't see the best of Chicago in one day! The Lakefront Bike and Roll tour and the evening Architectural Boat cruise were my favorites, both tours are so very interesting and informative. Most people I encountered were very friendly and helpful, I met a lot of nice people, cab drivers, sales staff in the shops on State Street, the tour guides and other solo travelers on the various tours. Although I did visit Chicato for 10 days, there is still so much I did not experience, therefore I shall return. A big thank you to the Chicago forum, their advice in the pre planning stage of this trip was priceless. Sutton Place advertised a 48 hour promotion sale, therefore I booked a corner room for $110.00 per night, If you are planning a trip to Chicago, check the hotel website for promotions daily, I got lucky and have no regrets!	
Sep 21 2009 	Fabulous Hotel	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at The Sutton Place. The beds were excellent as were the pillows It is close to everything. Across the road is the Original Pancake Parlor. You could not find a better place for breakfast. The only downside to the hotel was the cost of parking, but apparently that is pretty much standard in Chicago. We parked our rental car at the Airport for $8 a day and caught the train into town and that was very easy.	
Sep 13 2009 	perfect stay in chicago	wonderful and friendly hotel. cant praise the staff enough from the bellboy to reception they were efficent and smiley.nothing was too much trouble from recomending restaurants or booking tours. rooms were clean and bright choose a corner if you can which gives you a lake view. could possibly do with a refurbish a little bit 90s but the staff make up for it.	
Sep 10 2009 	Fantastic!	The only bad thing about this hotel is there is no free parking and the parking they do offer is $45 for 1 day! The front desk were very polite and helpful while checking you in; the bellmen and consierge were very helpful in sorting out directions and helping in finding attractions. The room was great with a very comfortable bed; the best bit was the tub, by far. The bathroom was decked out with a stool to sit on while putting on makeup, and also a phone. The location was ideal, as there were fantastic restaraunts within the vacinity and it was located next to the magnificent mile. We were also easily able to walk to navy pier.	
Sep 9 2009 	Fantastic Experience	From the moment of arrival to the time of departure every service we recieved was excellent. Everyone on the entire staff was professional and helpful. Our room was excellent, very clean and comfortable with an exciting view of the city.What do we say about LOCATION - well location is everything and this Hotel has it. We could easily walk or cab to nice restaurants, Miracle Mile shopping or Chicago River Bike Tours and Boat Tours.It would be difficult to pick what we liked best about our stay but if pressed I have to say the Dining in the immediate area.	
Sep 9 2009 	First class service from the moment you reach the property...	Judging by the way we were greeted you would think they gave us the Penthouse Suite. That's because they treat every guest as if they're in the Penthouse.Our room was great; very clean, and decorated nicely. The service was excellent from beginning to end. Sandro who manages the front desk was fantastic! He handled an extra night stay with professionalism and a warm smile. When we left, he told us to visit again or just stop by to say hello. Nice touch... It felt like the staff at Sutton Place Hotel really care about your experience. Did I mention location? The hotel is a prime property in the heart of the glitzy fine dining and people watching area known as Rush Street. You are steps away from Tavern on Rush, Hugo's, Gibson's, LuxBar, Carmines, Morton's, and Whiskey Bar. If you walk two blocks east, you're at the lakefront. If you walk two blocks north, you're in the busiest stretch of nightlife in Chicago (Division Street).I would definitely recommend this hotel to friends and family.	
Sep 4 2009 	Great Location BUT NOT a 4star hotel	Pros: Great location, very comfortable beds, excellent price $95 nightly, within walking distance to everything, very quiet area to be near Rush streetCONS: small hotel room, small lobby, dull room colors, actually rooms need Remodeling, not impress with bathroom rooms, This is definitely not a 4 star hotel; if it were listed as a 3 or maybe a 3 half star expectation would have been different.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great Hotel	We got a priceline rate of about $110 per night, so we were very pleased with the hotel especially at that price. We did get one of the smaller rooms with no separate shower, but we didn't really care. The beds were comfortable, very clean, and nice flat screen tv. The service at the hotel was amazing, everyone was friendly and made you feel very welcome. One note -- we have stayed in many different areas of Chicago's downtown, and this is definitely the swankier Gold Coast neighborhood. Felt very underdressed at times. Great hotel for a great price.	
Aug 26 2009 	Very nice hotel and excellent location	Rooms are comfortable, beautiful and quiet and the staff helpful, location (smack on Rush Street across from Gibsons) is excellent. CD player, minibar and dressing gown are nice touches. I got this on a $99/night special, otherwise I rarely stay at a place this nice! Only critique I have is the wi-fi internet ought to be free of charge in a place like this, and the TV/cable needs upgrading. It's the 21st century, folks, if your hotel is in the priciest neighborhood in Chicago, you ought to have satellite HDTV not basic cable and standard TV!	
Aug 22 2009 	Great location Excellent service	Stayed at The Sutton Place Hotel for three nights with my teenage children. We were very pleased overall with the service. The bed was comfy, the roll-away bed adequate, other furnishings and room features, such as the beautiful bathroom (glass shower stall and separate extra deep bath tub), and CD/Stereo were nice. We enjoyed the chocolates on the bed when our room was cleaned. The mostly bare white and light gray wide stripe wallpaper colors and medium gray carpet colors in the room were a bit muted for our taste. The location was terrific at the corner of Rush Street and Bellevue across from Gibson Steak House, Carmine's Restaurant, LuxBar and other restaurants and bars. Pancake House across the street serves a scrumptious strawberry crepe. Easy public transportation everywhere. We used public transportation exclusively and it worked out very well with the 3-day CTA pass. State Street bus stop one small block away. Red line subway just a few blocks walk away. Very convenient. An easy walk to Oak Street beach and Lake Michigan. Complimentary coffee and fruit in lobby in morning. Withing a few blocks of Magnificent Mile shopping as well. Very quiet hotel. Did not hear anyone in halls or neighboring rooms.	
Aug 9 2009 	Excellent all round	We stayed 2 nights from 3-5th August and booked a double queen room via Expedia.Check in was fast, bellman friendly and we got a great room on 19th floor which was spacious, clean and well provided for in terms of towels, amenities and furniture.There is no cafe in house ( just the whisky bar &amp; grill) so food only available via room service; however the location is so great for shopping and eating that everything is literally on your doorstep.We loved it here and would definately recommend to anyone coming to Chicago for 1st time.Highly recommend Gibsons for steaks, Pancake house for breakfast/lunch, and Pizano's for chicago style pizza ........ all within short walk from hotel.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great location-terrible service	I just stayed at Sutton Place hotel for the past 3 nights. The location is great for shopping and restaurants. The room was nice and the beds were very comfortable. The front door men and then maid service were courteous.PROBLEM: They charge for internet. They charged us for room service that we never received and could not offer any resolution to this problem. would not allow a late check out.I would not stay here again. The front staff was TERRIBLE.Expensive area to be in.	
Jul 21 2009 	horrible bathroom	My husband and I stayed at this hotel July 4th weekend. The hotel is in a very nice area with tons of restaurants as soon as you step outside. Our room was very clean; we thought the staffs were friendly and helpful. The shower was horrible, trying to close the curtain for a shower was a job itself. The showerhead keeps falling. Overall, it was okay for us. We would not recommend this hotel for first timer to Chicago.	
Jul 19 2009 	The perfect location	Middle of the &quot;happening&quot; Gold Coast corner of Maple, Rush and Bellevue, steps away from Magnificent Mile, it's ideal for those that don't want the noisy hubbub of being directly ON the MM but still in a perfect spot. No breakfast included but you're steps away from LuxBar or Original Pancake House. Had a fantastic meal of homemade pastas and bolognese sauce at Marlo on Maple (ask for Jeremy for your waiter). Got the Lake corner room for a beautiful view. Loved it.	
Jul 14 2009 	Not the greatest for family with grade school children	Okay, we got a great rate on priceline name your price, so I can't complain, but I will anyway, the room on priceline does not guarantee you 2 doubles or 1 king, so when we checked in at 5:30 pm they stated only 1 king room available, so we had to pay extra 25 per night for one rollaway, all that would fit. The front desk claimed I booked 1 king, but according to priceline I did not book any type of bedding, I guess my fault anyway by default I could have called. So DH got the kicks to the head whilst I slept on the extra rollaway for 2 nights. Also, missed the coffee maker in room, and had to wait until 0700 to get coffee on sat morning. we are early risers and also were on EST so it did not seem so early to us. We were a 25 dollar cab ride from Science and Industry. Only could walk to American Girl Place and Hershey Chicago. Otherwise needed cabs. Nothing else going on here, no nice lobby, no pool, only adult type restaurant named &quot;Whisky&quot; like I would take my kids there! Next time will stay at the Embassy Suites, where we usually stay. Children did not like TV options, either. Maybe this is fine for couples, business travelers, but not a place for families aiming for the museums on the other side of the Loop. Be warned, moms!!	
Jul 7 2009 	Excellent Hotel I'd stay again	Thanks to the reviews I settled on the Sutton Place and am very glad I did. I was worried it would not be in the ideal location for Touristing but I was wrong. Chicago is so big you cant be in the ideal location for everything ! Its walking distance from Mag Mile and the Hancock building, and across the street from some of the best chicago restraunts and nightlife. The hotel is clean and efficient although a bit pricy. No in-room coffee ($15 from room service), and no on-floor ice machines (but free from room service). Internet costs $10 etc ... but its to be expected from a high end hotel. The Beds are AWESOME. Very comfortable and clean. I &quot;splurged&quot; on a Jr Suite which was very nice. Stayed on the 11th floor which is not as high up as I wanted but the view was still excellent.Very nice staff and decent conceriege although they had a few mistakes but mostly my fault for not asking the right questions. I was able to call them from downtown and ask for a reservation for Gibsons and they got it for me no problem while I was on the line. I'd definitely stay again and/or suggest to my friends.	
Jul 3 2009 	Great location	Great location on N. Rush - lots of cafes, bars, restuarants right outside. Hotel lovely, staff polite and a great rate on travel-ticker - $99. Bed extremely comfortable. Parking was $48 for 24 hours.	
Jun 30 2009 	Absolutely the place to stay in Chicago	We only had two days in Chicago and needed to make them count, so this hotel was perfect in every respect. Right in the centre of everything, so we didn't spend much time in the hotel other than to sleep. Room and bathroom spotlessly clean, bed comfortable and service impeccable, this hotel will definitely be our base the next time we come to Chicago. As per the previous review, breakfasts were a little pricey, so we made good use of the lovely little pancake house opposite.	
Jun 29 2009 	My Birthday Trip	I loved having everything close it felt great enjoying the weather and being able to walk to beach, Michigan Avenue!! :)The hotel was great decision to celebrate my birthday at!! Have to do it again!!	
Jun 29 2009 	Phenomenal!!	What an amazing Hotel! I stayed there with my wife before we left for our Honeymoon and we had a great time. The service was great (from the Bell Captain, to the Front Desk, to the Housekeeping Staff....everyone was very friendly) and our Suite was the best. We went to dinner at Gibsons Steakhouse, which is right across the street, and walked around the neighborhood to take it all in afterwards. The location of this hotel is ideal! Looking forward to our next stay.	
Jun 27 2009 	Awesome location and spacious rooms!	Great spot to stay for a fun weekend in Chicago! It had been awhile since I last visited the city, and Sutton Place is right in the heart of it! It's tucked between Rush St. and Michigan Ave., not far from the John Hancock Center. There were lots of cool restaurants nearby, great shopping on Michigan Ave., and cool bars for any style within easy walking distance. Our room was fantastic! We stayed in a junior suite, which was a corner room with large windows that made for expansive views of the city. That way even when we slept in or got back early, we still felt like we were in the middle of it all. Not too noisy, though, so I had no trouble sleeping. Staff is very curteous and attentive, and valet parking was very convenient. We didn't spend anytime in the restaurant or bar at the hotel (I thought the breakfast was a little pricey, especially since there are so many cute restaurants in the area), but I did take advantage of the late-night room service. The price was very reasonable given everything the hotel offered and the phenomenal location. I would certainly come back!	
Jun 22 2009 	Always stay at Sutton Place	We will be staying at the Sutton Place for the tird straight year this year during our visit to Chicago. Top notch hotel, great rooms, good service. You could spend less, but it is close to the beach, surrounded by good restaurants, and is in a very quaint and relaxing area of the city. We could stay anywhere, but we stay here.	
Jun 15 2009 	WONDERFUL stay!	We actually live in Chicago but having our parents in town decided we would give up our condo and cozy bed to stay in a hotel while they took over our condo! Just a few blocks from home we checked in to the Sutton Place, what a nice welcome, quick and easy check in. Our room was great, spacious with all the amenities and the bed was unbelievably comfortable! The bathroom, my favorite room, was large, great lighting and exceptionally clean! We were hesitant to give up our own condo for a night down the street but would do it again in a heartbeat at the Sutton Place!	
Jun 12 2009 	Three star hotel at a four star prices in a five star location.	I am staying in this hotel now and have been here for three days so far. The best thing about this hotel and the only reason I would recommend it and come back is its location. It is in the heart of the Rush Street scene and a short walk from everyting else including the Magnificent Mile and the Art Institute. Everything is right outside the front door-numerous great restaurants, shopping i.e. Barneys New York and the shops of Oak Street. There is a small park across the street which on a nice day appears to be the center of activities in the neighborhood. But as for the hotel itself, I am sitting in my hotel room now looking around it is hard to tell the difference between this room and one in a Holiday Inn. The hotel does not have a pool and the lobby is very small. There is no outdoor patio or seating area as part of the hotel. So I cannot see what would qualify this hotel’s facilities as 4 star. Maybe 3 stars plus but no more. Plus one factor which really disturbs me is having to pay an additional $9.99 a day for in room wifi after paying $200 night for a hotel room. If you too are bothered by paying this go to the park I mentioned or the huge Starbucks next to Barneys of New York for free wifi. So as I said I would recommend this hotel and stay here again only if I wanted to stay in this neighborhood and could get a good price on the room. But if I could get the Sofitel which is only 2 blocks away on Rush Street at the same price, I would prefer to go there for a true 4 star experience. As for a great eating experience you cannot go wrong with any of the outdoor restaurants across the street from the hotel. You will see that they are all packed (as in 1 hour 45 minute wait for seating) every night and for good reason. One thing that I found spectacular was the carrot cake desert at Gibson’s Steak House. It is the largest portion of a cake I have ever seen-I bet it weighed 4 pounds. If you love carrot cake, this will be a treat. And if you cannot eat it all they have a Large box to take the rest home.	
Jun 10 2009 	Pleasant hotel 	The Sutton Place is a boutique hotel, with an extremely small lobby, practically, non-existent; however, the staff are friendly, helpful &amp; accommodating. The hotel is surrounded by many nice restaurants, stores, and nightspots. It really is in a great location. We spent 2 nights in May'09 in a junior suite. It was modernly decorated, with nice plush bathrobes/slippers, but the room had much less amenities than I expected a Junior suite to have. It was comfortable, very clean, but not impressive. My suite was on the 17th floor and the views of Chicago were fantastic from my room. We had a very pleasant stay; and the Pancake House restaurant directly in front of the hotel serves delicious breakfast. I would definitely stay at this hotel again	
Jun 9 2009 	Great place to stay in Chicago.	My husband and I stayed at this great little hotel this past week-end June 5th to the 7th, and if we get back to Chicago I would only want to stay at Sutton Place. The location was fine for us, in a trendy area only 2 or 3 blocks to great shopping on the Magnifient Mile. Also a plus in the location is all the wonderful restaurants only steps away, we ate at The LUX bar, Travern on Rush, and Hugo the Frogs Bar. Our walk to the Navy Pier only took us 30 mins. Other than that we easily found taxis right in front our the Sutton when ever we needed. Now for the hotel itself, the lobby is fairly small, but our room (1405) was huge, along with the bath that had a separate shower stall from the tub. Both were extremely clean with great water pressure. I did enjoy using the complimentary bath robe. Only negative for the bathroom was no magnifying mirror. Our bed was king size and very comfortable. One of the best things about this place is the staff, all were helpful, competent, and friendly especially the concierge Cheryl Rule, she did a fantastic job for us more than once.	
Jun 5 2009 	Worth every penny!	Have stayed at this hotel several times. Not only is it centrally located, its very quiet despite being in a very busy and active neighborhood. The staff is excellent, the place is always clean and fresh, the decor is amazingly soothing and the view of downtown and/or the lake just breathtaking! The last time we stayed at the hotel, it was to host a birthday sleepover for our son and his friends. The kids LOVED the penthouse we got, as the view of the lake was incredible, the lower level was spacious and kid friendly, with a big screen television and surround sound, which was perfect for their movie watching adventures.	
Jun 4 2009 	Wish I stayed for more than a night	I spent a night at the Sutton for a quick overnight trip and was very impressed. The staff was welcoming at check-in and seemed genuinely interested in how my stay was at check-out. They offer a complimentary car service and the driver is very personable (and pleasantly chatty), too. I stayed in room 614 which was tucked in a corner at the end of a hallway, so it was quiet. It faced Bellevue and Rush so I was concerned there may be street noise, but there wasn’t at all. The room was incredibly spacious with a sitting area, decent sized desk/chair and plenty of closet and drawer space. It was tastefully decorated and had a large flat screen TV. The bathroom was also very big and included a shower and separate jacuzzi tub. Only two minor complaints: 1) all of the lights seemed a bit dim even at their brightest (really only an issue at night), and 2) there weren’t enough outlets. I only had a cel phone and laptop to plug in, yet needed to do some finagling. I used the fitness center the morning that I was there, and it had ample equipment but was a bit cramped. I’d steer clear of rooms around 509, as the fitness center is right across the hall (510, if I remember correctly). Seems like it could be slightly noisy if you’re right next door or across the hall.Room service was tasty and prices were more or less in line with what I’d expect for room service (high for what it is). They offered a “recession menu,” too, although if you’re ordering room service my guess is you’re not terribly concerned with saving $2…Overall I was really happy with my stay and would (and already have) recommended it to friends.	
Jun 2 2009	Sutton Place....EXCELLENT VISIT	Wow...the hotel, view and location was fabulous! I highly recommend this hotel.	
May 31 2009 	Great hotel near Mag Mile...Loved it!	I was skeptical about this hotel at first, since I'm use to staying right on Mag Mile and since I got such a good rate on Priceline. I'm happy to say that I was proven wrong! This hotel was beautiful and the staff were nice and accommodating. The location was great! We were in the Gold Coast area which is very close to Mag Mile. However, there was a more neighborhood feel. We went to the breakfast place across the street and a place called Tempos a few blocks away. Both places were great! It's a good thing that we are early risers, because there was a line for breakfast every day when we were finished! We went to Tavern on Rush, also across the street, for lunch. Great place to people watch! The El station is only a few blocks away, so we could easily get to Wrigley. (Go cubs!) This was also a beautiful area to walk around and there was LOTS of shopping! I will definitely stay here again on my next Chicago trip!	
May 28 2009 	Class Act!	We stayed 4 nights at The Sutton Place Hotel and had such a pleasant and comfortable stay, we added another night!This was our 3 time staying at this hotel and we were hoping that it would be as good as it was in the past since our last trip was 4 years ago - and the hotel was just a good as we remembered.The Sutton Place is located in a wonderful location on Rush Street which is right in the heart of elegant shops, clubs and great restaurants with (weather allowing) outdoor cafes with happy Chicagoans enjoying the infrequent sunshine. The outdoor cafes reminded me of Paris.Our room was, as in the past 3 stays, perfect! We had a city view but for a little more money you can have a lake Michigan view, we opted for the gorgeous city lights. Room size was just right and the bed and linens top quality luxury.The best are the fabulous bathrooms - large and perfect for two. What a pleasure to be able to soak in the large soaking tub while my husband showered at the same time. Sure is convenient when you are rushing to meet friends for dinner.The staff was friendly, the maid service was on time and very efficient. There is a bar and restaurant on the ground level, bar was jumping and so we stopped in every night before resting for our evening on the town. Right across the street is a pancake house with wonderful breakfasts (long lines on weekends) and a fun, lively bar and restaurant called &quot;The Lux Bar.&quot; The food was delicious and reasonable and we later found out that &quot;The Lux Bar&quot; is owned by &quot;Gibson's&quot; which is a high end, expensive steak house, so no wonder the food and drinks were so great! We liked it so much, we went back a second time and the manager bought us our drinks for appreciation - that was very nice.I loved Chicago, it rained most of the time but it did not spoil our trip because we stayed at The Sutton Place which is walking and cab distance to everything in the city!The Sutton Place is not a large hotel and that is it's charm. It has that personal touch you only get from a smaller hotel , where the staff recognizes you and treats you like they are really happy that you are staying there.I wouldn't want to stay anywhere else!	
May 27 2009	One of the nicest hotels I've stayed at	My boyfriend and I went to Chicago for Memorial Day weekend. I had found a great deal on Expedia ($109/night for a king room), and upon checking in, we were informed that we had received a complimentary upgrade to a junior suite. The suite was a large corner room that was clean, spacious, and modern. We had an excellent view of the city and were in a part of town with a wide variety of restaurants and shops and a few blocks from Michigan Ave. The staff were all very friendly from the minute I called to let them know we would be a late arrival to our checkout three days later. We were extremely pleased with the whole experience and would return again without any hesitation.	
May 4 2009 	Perfection	My husband and I stayed at the Sutton Place for our 10 year anniversary and could not have been happier. From the moment we walked in, all our needs were met. We arrived early and were able to check in right away. Our room was beautiful, sleek, clean and the bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in and being a flight attendant for many years, I've stayed in many hotels. The staff was attentive, knowledgeable and extremely friendly. The location was awesome and close to everything!! We were very happy and will definatetly stay here again. Wonderful!!!!!	
Apr 29 2009 	Fabulous!	I took my husband for his 40th birthday and another couple joined us. The staff was friendly and courteous. The door men were all wonderful and right there whenever you needed. The rooms are clean and every night there was a note on our bed advising as to what the weather would be like for the next day. Avoid ordering coffee by room service, it was $15 US for 4 small cups. There is complementary coffee in the lobby at about 7:30 a.m. Otherwise walk one block to the Corner Bakery Cafe, which also has a great light breakfast at reasonable prices. Gibson's across the street is a nice place for lunch and you're just 2 blocks from the Magnificent Mile shopping! Otherwise cabs are at your beck and call to take you anywhere; however, you may not like their driving! Very fast paced city and definitely a must to visit!!!!	
Apr 23 2009 	Who knows what?	When I stopped by the desk to ask the black lady about buying a bus pass and printing a boarding pass, she directed me to the currency exchange for the buss pass and told me to go to the business center for the boarding pass. The keynotes say that the hotel sells bus passes and prints out boarding passes; why couldn't I have my services performed right then and there? The Russian or Czech lady at the front desk, was using a very nasty tone with another gentlmen at the desk; I immediately stopped and turned around. I walked the 4-5 blocks to get my buspass, just to find out that she gave me the wrong train information. What a big disappointment. The 2 days that I stayed there, the different operators were the ones that directed me to the right places..thanks Missy and Shawnna.	
Apr 20 2009 	Best location!	This is a great hotel, with the best location in the city! They have an exc ellent staff, that is super nice, and was responsive to all of our needs. We were first assigned a smoking room, but when we asked to change, they brought new keys up to us, and walked us to another room! It was a corner room, with lake views, and very spacious. This hotel has a clean, modern look. It's not as fancy as the Four Seasons, but it is everything you need to feel like you are visiting Chicago with class;-) The Hotel is near all the best shopping, lots of wonderful restaurants, and great late night spots. The Whiskey bar is in the Hotel, and is a great spot to have a drink and watch the people on the street pass by. Doublin's is just across the way, and serves food until 4am! Jilly's has a great piano bar with 'Rat Pack' renditions until about 2am. It's a must stop and have at least 1 drink, if not a bottle of champagne. Prices were very reasonable. The Staff at the Hotel gets my biggest kudos! They are well trained in customer service, and made my stay feel special. Keep up the good work, Sutton Place!	
Apr 14 2009 	Best Location in the City!	The rooms are large beautiful contemporary decor, great bathrooms! I love the shower and of course the robes are a great touch! The best part is we were just steps away from the best shopping, dining and great jazz! We'll definately be back.	
Apr 11 2009 	Fantastic hotel amazing location and even greater staff!	I absolutely loved staying in this hotel. We only stayed for one night since the next day we were flying back home. I had a room on the 18th floor over looking the city and even a tiny bit of Lake Michigan. The room was great, beautiful European style interior, great bathroom, and a fantastic king size bed which slept great.What made my stay so good though was the service. Booking.com had not parsed through our reservations, however the friendly people at the desk, made sure we had rooms nonetheless.Samuel, who brought our bags up, is a fantastic friendly guy and one to definitely have a talk with. Garry, the concierge, did not only know the perfect recommendations for restaurants and blues clubs he really took the time for us.Overall the general atmosphere was fantastic and the people working there are all great (also Heleen and Cameron, should not be forgotten).p.s. Be sure to enjoy some Jazz/Blues in The Backroom - walking distance	
Mar 30 2009 	The Sutton Place Hotel in Chicago is in the best location and offers the friendliest service making it a pleasure trip.	My recent stay at the Sutton Place Hotel was fabulous. From the first minute I arrived, every staff member not only offered polite, professional service but genuinely seemed love their jobs. This is a pet friendly hotel in the heart of the Gold Coast. The location is great as it is located next to great dining and shopping.My room had an awesome view, it was clean and had great amenities. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to Chicago.	
Mar 6 2009 	Best of Chicago - Sutton Place	I've stayed in many hotels in downtown Chicago, and the Sutton Place is my absolutely favorite...hands down. My husband and I just returned from our 4th trip to the Sutton Place, and all four trips have been wonderful! The location is great, the rooms are fabulous, but what makes this hotel top-notch is the staff. Gary, the head doorman, makes you feel like you are the one and only guest staying in the hotel. He is FANTASTIC!! You are just a couple blocks from Michigan Avenue and Water Tower, there are several great restaurants nearby (you must try Gibson's Steakhouse if you are looking for a place to eat....but plan ahead....you will definitely need a reservation on a weekend). Treat yourself to a stay at the Sutton Place. You won't be disappointed.	
Mar 5 2009 	Good place to stay for Chicago business trip	Spent 2 nights there - Room was much better than average. Clean, quite (19th floor). Check in / Check out was smooth as can be. Good internet connection. $10 cab ride to Sears Tower. $50 ride to Airport. Lots of places to eat and shop within walking distance including groceries and pharmacies.	
Feb 25 2009 	Absolutely Perfect	The Sutton Place hotel was absolutely perfect! Our room on the 22nd floor gave us plenty of space, and was spotless. The view was spectacular, and the balcony was a great place to see the cityscape (if not a little chilly in February). The bed was extremely comfortable; better than any other hotel bed I have slept in. Service in the hotel was amazing. It never took more than 2 minutes to get a bucket of ice from room service. Mark, the concierge, perfectly set-up chocolate covered strawberries and champagne for Valentine's day. They were in the room when we arrived. Louis, and Cheryl drove me to my seminar every morning in the hotel Cadillac, which was extremely nice and, clearly well maintained. Louis was always fun in the morning. He told hilarious stories during the morning rides. Definitely, a real character. The location is tremendous. In the Gold Coast area of Chicago, the Sutton Place is located a few blocks from the Magnificent Mile. Also, the best restaurants and bars are no more that a couple of blocks from the hotel, with most (including Hugo's Frog Bar, and Gibson's Steak House) across the street. The Whiskey Bar is located in the Hotel. Overall, the Sutton Place delivers understated elegance, impeccable accommodations, and outstanding service at a great value.	
Feb 18 2009 	Warm and elegant	Wonderful, friendly, classy service from the door man (Gary), the concierge (Cheryl), and the front desk staff. The lobby is small but lovely and cozy, the rooms are spacious and modern and very clean. We had a great--and I mean great--mattress. Luxurious robes, convenient slippers, big fluffy towels, nice toiletries, excellent shower AND a large, separate tub in the bathroom made it a haven to come back to. A surprisingly good Mexican restaurant is in the lobby. With so many restaurant choices in Chicago, we ate there only once for breakfast, which was delicious and too plentiful to finish; but were told by our friend, who had arrived several days earlier, that the dinner he had there was exceptional. Cheryl, the concierge, got us on standby for an Oprah-show taping, and we got in! Convenient to everything, many attractions within walking distance, or a short $4-5 cab ride got you about anywhere you want to go. Chicago's Symphony Hall is just beautiful.	
Feb 3 2009 	Can't Wait to Stay Again	The Sutton Place Hotel was simply wonderful! The room was large, spotless, extra comfortable beds, and the view was amazing! The hotel staff was extraordinary. Perfect location for dining and shopping. I couldn't ask for more. I will definitely be back.	
Feb 3 2009 	Perfect Chicago Location: The Sutton Place	I was looking for a hotel centrally located in Chicago, with access to great restaurants and attractions. The Sutton Place was perfect. Our room was on the 15th floor with a nice view of the city. The staff was very cordial. I asked the doorman for the name of a place where I could have my shoes shined. He said he would do it himself. When I asked what he would charge me, he said, &quot;Whatever you see fit, sir.&quot; The restaurant choices around the hotel are excellent, and a lot of must see places are within a short cab ride. Great place, great price, great night.	
Jan 19 2009 	Would stay again in this fantastic location	We stayed at the Sutton Place in Chicago for 2 nights. The location of the hotel is excellent within walking distance of the Magnificent Mile and all the shopping you could desire. We walked everywhere for all our shopping and meals. The service was excellent and the room while on the smaller side was very comfortable. The room was very clean and the bed was sumptuous. The best part was the separate bath and shower in the bathroom. We were there during the cold snap and a nice hot bath was perfect after walking around! The parking charge ($42/night) is on the steep side but was comparable to other parking in town and did include in/out privileges. The concierge and doormen were very friendly and offered great recommendations for dinner. If I could get a comparable rate ($150/night) I would definitely stay there again. We walked everywhere. Like another reviewer, I would also recommend the Pancake restaurant across the street.	
Jan 8 2009 	Exceptional choice in Chicago	My recent business trip to Chicago found me searching for a hotel in the heart of the city. My choice to stay at the Sutton Place Hotel was met with great delight. The accommodations were exceptional and spacious with an upscale and intimate atmosphere. The staff was extremely professional and helpful. The location was fabulous and allowed me to easily get to both business meetings and locally exceptional restaurants. My only regret was that my stay was not longer. This is a great hotel!	
Dec 25 2008 	No Ghosts on Halloween at the Sutton Place Hotel	My wife and I spent 3 nights here including Halloween Eve in which we participated in the revelry on Division and Rush streets. This hotel has a fantastic location 1 block away from Lake Michigan on a street lined with beautiful 4 story brownstone homes and a stone's throw from the famous shopping on Michigan Avenue and the Miracle Mile. We have stayed here numerous occasions and always have enjoyed our stay. Take advantage of Louis the chauffeur to get around town. Rooms were quiet, clean and tastefully decorated. Every request from housekeeping was immediately addressed. Very efficient check-in and out. Staff always very friendly and helpful. We love visiting Chicago and this hotel always is the icing on the top.	
Dec 18 2008 	An Excellent Choice!	I loved the Sutton Place Hotel in Chicago! The most amazing part of my experience that I will never forget is the bed! It was the most enjoyable nights sleep I had in a long time. The room was cozy, beautiful and so comfortable that I felt like I was at home. Usually its hard for me to sleep in Hotels but not here, I slept so good and felt so rested in the morning! I would recommend this Hotel to anyone I know. From the Hotel staff to the room to the location - I rate this Hotel with 5 Stars! I can't wait to go back.It was a great experience!	
Nov 27 2008 	Sutton Place Chicago.....First Class	The overall experience at the Sutton Place Chicago was first class. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable and every request was handled quickly and efficiently. The hotel's location is very close to really good shopping(Michigan Ave., Oak Street, etc.), and excellent restaurants. The room was nicely decorated and had a great view of Chicago's skyline and Lake Michigan.	
Nov 24 2008 	We love Sutton Place!	This is an exceptional hotel in an ideal location. Wonderful staff - so friendly and helpful. Luxurious bathrooms with the best shower I think I have ever used! Wonderful view, comfortable beds, CLEAN in every respect, delicious coffee in the morning...it was heaven!I will definitely stay here the next time I'm in Chicago!!	
Nov 23 2008 	Fantastic!	We loved it! The staff was wonderful and very attentive. The room was spatious, clean, and very comfortable. It was a fantastic stay!	
Nov 3 2008 	I will definitely return to Sutton Place!	This was my first stay at Sutton Place and I will definitely return. the location is unbeatable...the service was exceptional, and my room was outstanding in every way.. I will return to this hotel on future trips to Chicago regardless of whether I'm travelling for business or fun. First rate in every aspect!	
Oct 9 2008 	Fantastic Evening Downtown	My wife and I were celebrating a friend's birthday downtown. We all stayed here and couldn't have had a better experience. The location is perfect. We had plenty of fine dining and bar options. We were also very close to Michigan Ave--the ladies loved that! the hotel service was first class. We were treated like royalty from the time we pulled up until the time we drove away. I can't write enough to explain what a pleasent experience we had at this hotel. We will most definately be staying at this hotel again!	
Oct 7 2008 	You can believe all the excellent reviews!	I chose this hotel based on tripadvisor reviews, location, and a hotels.com total price of under $200 a day (booked 9 months in advance for six nights). For me, it was a splurge at the end of a ten week Europe trip. The location is outstanding! On the northern end of the Magnificent Mile, you are in a great neighborhood with lots of restaurants. I especially liked being a few minutes walk from the Division St. bars and pubs (try Butch McQuire's), and the restaurants on the streets just west of the Mile. I felt they were much nicer than the mile itself - with some original architectural gems still surviving (although not for long). I found the service at the hotel outstanding. I arrived around 8 pm, and was given a low floor room facing the back courtyard, with a view of the machinery. When I asked for another room facing the front, despite the deal on hotels.com, they immediately moved me to an 18th floor room with a fantastic northern view (there are a lot of low rises going north parallel to the lake). The rooms are what you would expect from an expensive hotel chain. Since it's not my usual (see my other reviews), you need to read others to see if it's worth full price. I was extremely happy with everything, and felt it was definitely worth the money if you have it. I have been in a few Hiltons, Marriots, Sofitels, etc., and it is a cut above. In case you are wondering, there are other Sutton Place Hotels, the original actually being on Sutton Place. I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 11 2008 	Impressive Hotel and Location	We celebrated our 20th wedding anniversary in Chicago and stayed at the Sutton Place Hotel in the Gold Coast neighborhood. We couldn't have been happier with the hotel or its location. The room was large with lovely decoration and an outstanding view. The bathroom was also large and luxuriously appointed with a soaker tub and separate shower. When we arrrived a bottle of chilled champagne and a plate of lovely snacks was waiting in our room along with a card congratulating us on our anniversary. It was a very nice touch and certainly started our vacation off right. All the staff we encountered in the hotel were professional and helpful.The hotel is located in a lively neighborhood with great restaurants and bars and is only a short walk to Miracle Mile shopping and attractions. We would definitely return to this hotel.	
Aug 11 2008 	great location but tired hotel	Sutton Place is the ideal location - set in the middle of the Gold Coast within walking distance of tons of great restaurants and nightlife. Just a few block from the lake and terrific running and biking paths. The hotel itself needs major renovating with peeling wall paper and stained furniture. Don't bother with the exercise room as it's essentially a few machines in the size of a small hotel suite. The staff is inconsistent - some were nice and professional while others were not. room service was delicious because the hotel restaurant is very good.	
Jul 12 2008 	Great Location Friendly staff On the whole a good hotel	I was a little worried when I had read some more recent negative reviews on the Sutton Place, but it had been recommended to me by a friend so I decided not to change my booking. I arrived in Chicago early in the morning, and got to the hotel way before any check in time, expecting to need to leave my bags and come back, but the staff were extremely helpful, knew that I had just come off a London flight and found a room to check me into straight away. The rooms themselves look a little tired (still a bit stuck in the 90's I guess) but nevertheless are extremely clean, and the bed was the most comfortable I have slept on in some years! The addition of a CD/DVD players is a useful feature, and makes a chnage from having a TV on in the background. I felt very safe in the area (lone female traveller) and the hotel is a short walk from the Clark/Division Red Line station. Its also perfectly placed on rush street with the buzzy nightlife (although you can't hear it in your room) and is a 5 minute walk from Oak Street beach and Michigan Avenue. Its a nice part of town. Having been pounding the streets of Chicago on a daily basis, I did take the opportunity to order room service a couple of times. The food and the level of service was great. Also over the road is the original pancake house - not to be missed for breakfast! Its worth the queueing if the there is one and has some great corned beef hash!All in all a fantastic stay, and I would stay at the Sutton Place again!	
May 27 2008 	Ask to see other rooms!	We were at this hotel with a group, and for some reason we were the unlucky ones to get a small room/small bathroom, and bathrooms are very important to me. We are members of their club, and still were given the smaller room. I would have complained but my husband does not like doing that, so we stuck with it. It was a decent room and bath, but seeing that others had soaking tubs and showers while we only had a &quot;too narrow&quot; tub, was upsetting. One would think their staff would know to give club members a better room, not a worse one, upon check in.Simply put, ask to see another room if you get this one (it was the smallest on that particular floor plan); most of their rooms are larger.	
May 4 2008	Okay but definately not wirth the amount it gets	Upon check-in I realised I may have made a mistake. Having arrived from London I was tired and very miserable after a bad flight and less than hospitable welcome from US Immigration I was then subjected to a 45 minute check-in process as the computer had no booking for me even though I had booked direct with the hotel some 4 months previously. I eventually made it to the junior suite but was amazed at the smallness of the room which is really saying something coming from the UK and the standard size of hotel room here. The water pressure was non existant, the mini bar was well stocked but with basically vast quantities of the same product, the room stank of stale tobacco even though I had booked non smoking, the bedding was stained and dirty same with the carpet throughout the room, three lightbulbs had blown, the toilet continiously kept on filling, the cd player didn't work in all the room was a total disgrace.Having spoke to the GM I was advised that if I was unhappy maybe I should check out. Way to go with the great customer service!!!! I did exactly that although he seemed a little surprised when I also cancelled the 5 other suites I had booked for friends who were joining me in Chicago for the weekend.In a word don't wast your money here, the Ritz Carlton is much better!	
Mar 22 2008 	Great Location	This hotel is in a great location! Lots of great restaurants are nearby and it's a only about block away from Michigan Ave. The employees here are friendly and very helpful. Our room was very spacious and clean. Nice soaking tub. TV with DVD player and surround sound. We would definitely stay here again.One tip - Skip the valet unless you really want the convenience. It was $42.00 per night. There is a self park garage one block away for about $25 per night.	
Mar 3 2008 	Many better options for your Chicago stay	My girlfriend and I arrived at the Sutton Place Hotel on Saturday, March 1st, 2008 for her 30th birthday celebration night on the town. The hotel is conveniently located near Rush street downtown and was easy to find. Upon arrival, I opted for the onsite parking ($42/day) with valet service. Check-in went smooth and the room was nice although 10 floors lower than the one promised on the phone. The backside view was mainly of two buildings under construction but we could see the spires from the Sears Tower in the background which was nice. The room itself was luxurious and spacious and the bathroom was very nice... until you try to take a shower. The water pressure on our floor was trickling at best but I am glad I was able to take a good shower upon arriving before hitting the town. The next morning, we used the included continental breakfast voucher for room service which arrived in a timely manner. After breakfast, we were going to finish watching our movie, take showers, check out of the hotel and hit the art museum. Just as we were finishing the movie, the cable went out.. every channel. We waited a while and my girlfriend just got in the shower. She mentioned that there was not enough water pressure to make the shower work so after fiddling with it, we got it to work by starting on cold, activating the shower head and then gradually working it back to warm until it hit that sweet spot of luke-warm/showerhead turn-off. Little did I know she was lucky to get a shower to start with. When it came to my turn, there was no hot water at all (no water running through hot spigots in the shower or sink) and yellow water from the cold making us gag just looking at it. The toilet then started running continuously and filling with yellow water. A call down to the front desk at least a half hour into all of this indicated that a transformer was out down the street. I asked if there was anything they could do and they stated that it was out of their control and that there was absolutely nothing that could be done. I would have at least appreciated a call with an update or a late checkout or something - nothing was offered except a quick hang-up. I am not a rude traveler and I usually let the little things slide but not having water for a shower is a pretty big deal for me in a hotel. I am pretty sure I have never had that problem in other, less luxurious hotels - I HAVE had better service at almost ANY other hotel. So, if you are staying in Chicago for anything important and do not want to be at the mercy of excuses and poor customer service for problems &quot;outside of the hotel's control&quot;, try out the Four Points by Sheraton downtown. I stayed there 2 years ago for a week and the service was impeccable. I was kicking myself mid-morning about not revisiting the Sheraton again this time.	
Feb 29 2008 	Great hotel	We stayed here for a long weekend over Labour Day and had a great time. The location is great, with Morton's Steakhouse about 2 minutes away and The Original Pancake House across the street for breakfast which was delicious - definitely worth the queueing! It was also walking distance to The Hancock Center and Oak Street beach and just a little bit further to the Sears Tower area.The hotel itself was very nice and modern, staff were friendly and the rooms spacious with large beds and a good shower. I would definitely recommend this a good place to stay in central Chicago.	
Feb 26 2008 	Fine some positives some negatives	I recently stayed at the Sutton for 4 nights.Positives:-Great location, end of Magnificent Mile, plenty of food options, bars, shops and I felt safe (solo female traveller)- Clean room with desk, tv, dresser, large clean bathroom- Heavy curtains made the room dark so it was easy to sleep, the room was also very quiet- Really friendly door men- Expedia offered good priceNegatives:- Staff were a little offhand (query if being a young traveller made a difference??)- Haphazard housekeeping, 1st morning toiletries were replaced with half empty (ie presumably used by someone else!) bottles and the next day not at all- Room service and bar staff tended to &quot;hover&quot; over you- No safe in the room- Little information about the hotels facilities in the roomall of which tended to just take the glow of any otherwise great stay. I'd still recommend though as these could all be &quot;one offs&quot; vs indicative of the hotel and its staff generally	
Jan 24 2008	gorgeous hotel @ great location	Staying at the Sutton Place Hotel one of the first weekends right after new years was a perfect start into the new year. Although it was very very cold in the windy city when we arrived (now I know where this nickname comes from), we were hearty welcomed by Shelby, the doorman. Right after he took care of our luggage, we were able to check in with one of the receptionists at the Sutton. After a quick check-in, we were able to head up to the room to unpack. After spending some time in the room and enjoying the beautiful view of the city and it didn't matter that we were on the 8th floor, we headed out to enjoy the Gold Coast. Exploring the nice neighbourhood at the beginning, we finally ended up having a very nice (and huge) steak across the street. We called it a  night after a few hours at a club around the corner.Since the Sutton is just 2 short blocks away from Michigan Avenue, the Magnificent Mile, we almost spent the whole day with shopping. After getting back to the hotel and recovering, it was very cold outside, we came to the lobby to see the concierge. Unfortunately, the concierge was not present at that time, but Tristian,one of the receptionists, was able to get us reservations for dinner though. We chose to have italian at the IlMulino's which was outstanding. On Sunday, we asked for a late departure and there was no problem to get a later check-out. After getting all of our stuff together and doing the express check-out, we were able to head back to the sun, back to California. In general, this hotel is very nice, the room very clean and accomodating and the staff outstanding and very friendly. The location is just great. A very recommending hotel for a great price.	
Jan 22 2008 	Welcoming Attitude	My husband and I decided to take a weekend trip to Chicago. Although we chose a weekend where it was 17 degrees below zero, this didn't dampen our spirits. I expected the Sutton Place to be similar to Toronto's hotel and I wasn't disappointed. From the moment you were greeted by the doorman to the concierge and the front desk staff, the service and attitude was most welcoming. I called the evening before as our flight was early. The hotel was gracious enough to accommodate us. The location was absolutely fantastic for dining with a wide range of prices. Shopping was extremely abundant in the area and it was so close to the Magnificent Mile. With the cold weather, we spent a bit more time in the hotel than anticipated; however the room was well appointed. The bed was firm but not hard with fluffy pillows that were comfortable. It's also nice to see good quality toiletries and hair dryer available to customers. I would most definitely stay there again.S. Carter	
Jan 22 2008 	Good for the money - but not much show	I got a steal of a package rate ($145/night plus room service breakfast for two each morning for $40 and parking for $31.75) so my bride and I used the Sutton Place for a minor anniversary weekend and spent the money we saved on fine dining.We really like the Gold Coast neighborhood so that weighed heavily on our decision. We had also stayed one night at the Sutton Place four years ago so we knew the property. Unfortunately, IMHO, the Sutton Place property and service has slipped in the interim.We stayed 1/18-21 on the 14th floor. Upon arrival at 3pm Friday, which is check-in time, there were NO doormen or bellmen around - we had to carry our own bags in. This saved me some tip money but it was very cold and we would have appreciated the assistance. However, there were FOUR front desk staff with no one waiting - couldn't they have pitched in? We asked for a deposit box for our jewelry and cash and the one they gave us was very difficult to open - so much so that the staff who retrieved it for us in later days bemoaned the original placement and said they should have given us another box that worked properly.Our room was as small as I remember them from the previous visit, and the TV was a flat screen but a tube and not HD. The carpet and wallpaper in the room and the bathroom tile and wallpaper are showing wear and the shower drain was slow. Also, the hot water was an all-or-nothing proposition so you either were chilly or lobster-red. When I approached the front deak about moving they informed me the house was full and there was nothing they could do. I like to work out and used the &quot;fitness center' each morning. It had a nice view of the Rush/State &quot;Viagra Triangle&quot; but was only a passing effort at being a real fitness center. Two treadmills, two bikes, an elliptical trainer and some kind of all-in-one weight/cable apparatus were shoehorned into what on other floors is probably a guest room.I really don't like to have to ask Housekeeping for ice but in the Sutton Place that is what you have to do. We enjoyed our room service breakfast daily - no problems there at all. Delivery and gratuity were included in the $20 per person charge and it ended up being probably a 25% discount.There were no newspapers or coffee service in the lobby of this hotel. I have become accustomed to beign able to enjoy a cup of joe with a newspaper apres workout while my bride sleeps in. Not at the Sutton Place. No en suite coffee maker either.We didn't even try MEXX Kitchen - when you walked into the waiting area of the restaurant from the hotel the temperature dropped about 30 degrees - not comfortable at all. I thought maybe there were trying to save money on the heating bill. Also - no free internet, wireless or not, in this hotel. You have to pay $9.95 for 12 hours (not 24 hours as at all of the other hotels I've ever had to pay for internet service) and their &quot;business center&quot; is accessible only for a fee. Upon checkout we had to wait for a bellman who then delivered our bags and shopping finds to the lobby - not to our waiting car. I tipped him and asked him to take them to the car, but he told me &quot;the doorman will have to do that.&quot; Sorry, but I tip only one bellman from the room to my car...so I took the bags out myself because the &quot;doorman&quot; was nowhere to be found.In short, we got what we paid for, I guess, but this is a 2007 AAA four-star rated hotel. What gives?Next time, it's back to The Sofitel!	
Jan 22 2008 	Wonderful Experience	Was looking for a downtown hotel for a couple's overnight get away and this hotel was absolutely perfect. We arrived at 1:30 (and check in wasnt until 3). They promptly allowed us to check in and took our car. We went up to the 21st (top) floor and the room was very nice. It wasn't overly huge, but perfect sized for the two of us. It had a mini bar and the bathroom was incredible. A nice large tub which was a huge perk. The shower is also very nice. The king sized bed was heavenly to sleep in! So comfortable. Another huge perk was the CD player/radio in the room in which the turn down service comes in and turns on. The next day, we checked out at noon, but wanted to see more of the city, and they allowed us to keep our car and our luggage at the hotel until 6 for no extra charge. Parking is $42 but that's a better deal than what is around. The location of this place is perfect. Its right across from a few nice restaurants/bars and one block away from the Magnificant Mile. We could not have asked for a better hotel. Would highly reccommend!	
Jan 10 2008 	A nice boutique hotel	For the Memorial Day weekend of 2007, I visited Chicago. As I planned my itinerary, I initially shot for an airport hotel to save money, then figured on renting a car. But when my Chicago area friend suggested that I ditch the car rental and book a downtown hotel to better experience the city, I decided to look both in the Loop and in the River North areas. Somehow, Sutton Place caught my fancy, and I booked there.This is an edited version of a review that I had originally submitted to Epinions.com, which I have since deleted.-Rates-For Memorial Day weekend, the rates ran around $185 per night for a standard king room; without the Memorial Day discount, the room rates would've been closer to $225 per night.I booked four nights through United Airlines' UnitedEscapes package, which included roundtrip airfare from Los Angeles, for the grand total of $1,090, including taxes and fees. (The same package would've cost $990 if I had booked a day earlier. Tough luck.)-Location and Arrival-Sutton Place is a small chain of boutique hotels, with only four locations. The Chicago location is the only location in the United States; the rest are in Canada.The hotel's location was fantastic. Standing on the corner of Bellevue and Rush, it was literally steps away from the nightlife of Rush and State Streets, and only a few blocks from the Magnificent Mile (Michigan Avenue) shopping district and John Hancock Tower. Getting to the rest of the city was not too difficult, with Michigan Avenue buses heading for Lincoln Park, the Loop, Museum Campus, and Grant Park, and with two Red Line subway stations (Chicago/State and Clark/Division) a 10-minute walk away.The exact address is 21 E. Bellevue Place, Chicago, IL 60611.I took a cab from O'Hare Airport to the hotel. It was an easy ride on the Kennedy Expressway (I-90), getting off on Division, turning left, then heading a short distance to State Street.-Arriving-I arrived at 2 in the morning thanks to weather delays on my flight. Nevertheless, UnitedEscapesme, and a clerk checked me in without delay.I was given two metal keys: one magnetic key for my room, and one key for the minibar.Access to my 11th floor room was through two high-speed elevators.-The Room-Upon entry, I found a huge bathroom to the left. It was decorated in white and black tiles, with a bathrobe prominently hanging next to the full-length mirror. There were more towels and toiletries than I could count. The toiletries even included a clothing mending kit. I had to look into a drawer to find a hairdryer, however. The shower and bath were separate, and both had great water pressure and comfort.Opposite the bathroom was a roomy closet, with an iron, an umbrella (for those Chicago thunderstorms), dry cleaning bags, and an extra pillow.Next to the bathroom was the minibar and a counter. With minibar being quite expensive as usual ($2.50 for a can of soda), and with a breakable plastic tab keeping the minibar closed, I decided not to bother with it.The room itself was very roomy. Although there were no pictures hanging on the walls, a few mirrors here and there made up for it. The drawer cabinet had a large flat-screen TV on top (with 40 or so local and cable channels, including WGN and the all-important Weather Channel), and a DVD player and a receiver in the middle. A few CDs were also provided, so that I could listen to music while relaxing in the room; in fact, sometimes the housekeeping left my room with the music on.Toward one corner was a work desk, with the hotel's guide to services and a sign indicating the availability of wireless Internet. Since I didn't have a computer with me (my laptop was dead at the time of this trip), I didn't bother. I do believe that Internet connectivity cost extra - a minus in my books.A modern, purple lounge chair was located next to the bed. The bed itself was very comfortable, covered with white and brown sheets. I had no problem sleeping here, despite all the excitement of being in Chicago. The bed was flanked by two lights and drawers, one housing the Gideons Bible, and the other displaying various Chicago travel guides and magazines.My room was near the northwest corner of the building, affording me a good view of the Rush Street nightlife and a sliver of Lake Michigan. Despite the raucous atmosphere on the streets, my room was very quiet.Housekeeping came by twice a day. The first came midday to clean up, then the second came late in the afternoon to deliver two bars of chocolate, the next day's weather forecast, and a breakfast room service order sheet. The bed sheets were also folded and rolled down to make it more inviting for me to get into bed. Nice touch.My room key got demagnetized after three nights. For my final night, I had to show my ID at the front desk and get the key re-programmed. I didn't like this - reminded me of some seedy hotels in Washington D.C. and Seattle.-Other Amenities-I did not spend time exploring the rest of this skinny, tall 1988 building (remodeled in 2003), but I noticed a few amenities.Room 509 was a fitness facility. I didn't bother, as I decided that all the heavy-duty walking through the Magnificent Mile and the Loop qualified as workout.The fourth floor had a business center, but it opened only on workdays between 7AM and 5PM. I stayed over a long weekend, and the business center stayed closed for the duration of my visit. This forced me to visit the Apple Store on the Magnificent Mile to get on the Internet.There was a restaurant/bar on the ground floor, which I did not visit. I decided to eat out with my friend at a bistro (Bistrot Zinc) just a block away, and eat my brunches in some of Chicago's fine museums.There were a number of meeting rooms in the lower floors, which I did not check out.There were plenty of attendants in the lobby on the ground floor, happy to open doors and assist guests and visitors at all times.-Leaving-I left at 4:30 in the morning. Although I had the ability to check out using my room TV, I decided to check out with a clerk the old-fashioned way. With no purchases from the minibar, returning the key was all that there was.-Frequent Guest Program-Sutton Place has its own frequent guest program, with enrollment available online at its website, suttonplace.com.-As I look back-The key glitch and the closed business center made my stay at Sutton Place less than perfect. But the luxury touches were definitely refreshing, including the two maid services per day, the free chocolate, the DVD player and music, and the comfortable bed. I absolutely loved the modern bathroom as well. All at a price that's above my usual budget, but still within reason. And to top it off, the location could not have been any better, with easy access to the rest of town.I will definitely book here again for my next visit to Chicago - and given that Chicago has so much to offer, and I could barely scratch the surface during my weekend, I'm definitely returning.	
Dec 20 2007 	Fabulous Hotel Great Location	I LOVED my stay here. Met a girlfriend for a four-day, three-night shopping and play trip. The room was large, with soft beds &amp; down comforters. The decor was sleek, but cool and soothing.The bathroom was extra large, with a vanity big enough for two sets of cosmetics. Separate walk-in shower &amp; deep soaking tub. Full length mirror (and three other mirrors in the room). A dozen wooden hangers in the closet. And the staff was uniformly friendly and accommodating. The one negative - lack of a coffee maker in the room - turned out to be a positive. A call to room service in the morning brought a pot of delicious coffee ASAP, and the tray had, besides the coffee &amp; china cups, wine glasses filled with ice water and a bud vase with a flower in it. By the time we left, we had fresh flowers everywhere in the room! The hotel location was the best. Three small caveats: Parking is expensive - about $42/day - but you have in &amp; out privileges, and if you want to just leave your car the doormen will direct you to a garage a half a block away that's half the price. The restaurant in the hotel has wonderful Mexican food, but music (from the bar) that is awful and intrusive. I really don't like vintage Rolling Stones with my dinner. And there's not an &quot;easy chair&quot; in the room - just a desk with an ergonomic chair. But if you're not hosting friends in your room, that shouldn't be a problem. All in all, one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in.	
Oct 19 2007 	An exellent summer getaway	This is probly one of the nicest hotels I have ever been to it is in the heart of downtown Chicago with great views the hotel room had bath robes and a mini fridge they had cable and great dining in the lobby.	
Sep 5 2007 	Ok hotel	I booked this hotel because the reviews raved about the service and location. My experience was ok, the hotel staff was courteous, the service I received was ordinary nothing to write home about. Our hotel room was nice and clean, but there was nothing spectacular about the rooms. For the amount I paid, I expected much better service and better rooms.	
Aug 30 2007 	Great Hotel!!	In August, my two adult children and I spent a week in Chicago. We were referred to the Sutton Place through a travel agent and we couldn't have been more pleased. From the super friendly doorman to the pleasant staff when we checked in, to the roomy rooms and large bath (with both shower and tub), to the comfy robes and chocolates on the bed every night, not to mention the great location, our stay was wonderful. They even have a nice gym with a view. We could walk outside and turn either direction and find many places to eat or have a cocktail. This is a first class hotel and I will definitely stay there again and recommend it to friends. Thanks for helping make my kids' first time in Chicago so pleasant!	
Aug 13 2007 	best location in chicago	The location of the Sutton Place hotel could not be better. A block of the Magnificent Mile, close to Lakeshore Drive, and right in the middle of great restaurants and night life. Walking around the hotel at night was great for people watching, as was the small park adjacent to the hotel. The hotel itself had no lobby to speak of, which was a little disappointing. No place there to sit and recuperate from a long day of shopping. The room was pleasant, bathroom large w/ deep tub- however, the towels were like sandpaper. For a 4* hotel, you think they would upgrade their towels.I would definitely stay there again. The steakhouse across the street was excellent (something w/ Frogs in the title) and we ate there 2 nights - ate steak one night, lobster the next, and sat out on the sidewalk and dined. Great!	
Aug 9 2007 	Awesome Hotel	In July our family (2 teenagers) stayed at this beautiful hotel, partly for business, mostly for pleasure. I LOVED the location we were in. The Rush St. restaurants are the best. We ate at Carmine's for lunch, Gibson's Steakhouse for dinner, and The Lux Bar for breakfast. All were fabulous, and for lunch &amp; breakfast ate outside, which is always a treat, isn't it? The room was very clean, and the bathrooms were great, with the soaking tub, and seperate shower. Chicago in the summer is THE place to be. Peace.	
Aug 6 2007 	Great long weekend at Sutton Place!	The Sutton Place is perfect for a sightseeing weekend in Chicago. The size of the hotel is great, large enough but seems intimate. I can't say enough about the location, one block to Michigan and all the stores. The hotel is centered around the lively Rush Street restaurants and it's great at night! Our room was on the 8th floor, immaculate, comfortable and roomy for a downtown hotel. The shower is the best shower with the best water pressure ever! Really! Room service delivered a pot of coffee in about 8 minutes each morning and the business center was great, I used their computer for internet access for free. I can't wait to return and see more of Chicago from this home base! Oh I forgot, we were in town to see the Mets play the Cubs and the red line is three streets up! Easy access to Wrigley!	
Jul 9 2007 	My first choice in Chicago	If there is a room available at this hotel, BOOK IT!!! I've stayed at plenty of hotels in Chicago, large chains, small chains, and independents. This is by far my favorite. I always call the Sutton Place first. I get depressed if I can't get a reservation.The doormen are first class. If you have been there before, they know your name and call you by name when they open the cab door. The desk staff remembers you are a return guest and always welcome you back. The rooms are great, the location is second to none!! Great shopping, restaurants, and bars within just steps from the front door. The staff is always happy to suggest a new place nearby for you to try. This hotel is the best bargain in Chicago.	
Jul 7 2007 	A classy hotel in the heart of the Gold Coast	This hotel is spot on if the price is right. We chose a lakeview room, on a high floor, mainly for the views and you can't complain about the views. Our room was on a corner of the building with one side looking down leafy Bellevue Place towards the narrow beach on Lake Michigan (literally a couple of minutes stroll away), and the other facing downtown, where you can glimpse the Hancock, the edge of the Sears and everything between.A special thank you must go to Gary, the doorman, who was cheerful and very helpful- a real asset to the hotel. In general, the other staff we encountered were cordial and efficient, though not quite as friendly. The room was nicely furnished, in a black, white and cream color scheme. In-room facilities were good- loved the little luxuries like a separate deep bath tub and shower (both of which worked well) robes and slippers, nice bath products and good bed linen. The room was a little bit compact, but seemed well specified for business or leisure. Try to arrive by taxi if you can- parking was $33 a night, and looking around there were cheaper options.The location was great for nightlife-it comes alive in the evening with party-goers and we enjoyed a meal with live music just across the road. In the daytime, try breakfast at the Pancake House opposite: they make great soft pancakes, good coffee and the price was very reasonable too. Then it is a short walk to the city (or at least the Magnficient Mile). There is also elegant shopping on Oak Street one block south and in good weather why not take a look at the lake or go up the Hancock Tower, both easy to access. It is also relatively easy to reach downtown Chicago via public transport.The Sutton Place has a charm that other larger chain hotels lack, and I can definitely recommend it.	
Jun 29 2007	Not bad	My wife and stayed here for a long weekend over memorial day. Looking for a nice romantic getaway from Iowa. The hotel is east to find, right off Lakeshore. Location was close to shopping and restaurants on Rush Street. We found the service at the hotel to be very good. The Whiskey bar was also good and a very romantic night spot. Unfortunately, it was closed for renovations after our first night there. The bartender across the street at the Frog bar (an older man) was rude! Total jerk. We had 1 drink and left. The rooms were comfortable but very small. Barely room for anything but the bed. The stereo and DVD player were a nice bonus. We ate breakfast at the Pancake house and the food was good but the service there was not great either. The waittress spilled syrup and butter on my shirt and shorts and barely said sorry and walked away! We had to go back to the room to change@!#$W%@ All in all, this is a nice place. The lobby is small and the rooms are small and I think I can find a place for a little less money with a little better accommodations downtown. I'd stay there again only if the room was at a big discount. We paid $200 a night and the regular price is $300 (not worth $300). We have stayed at the Wyndham on Michigan for $160 and it was nicer.	
Jun 16 2007 	mediocre	Our financial advisors booked this hotel for us for a business luncheon at 1pm. We arrived from Nashville at 11am. No room available until 1pm or so. We returned just before 1pm. We were given keys to a room but found luggage already in the room - wrong room.The correct room was OK but in international minimalist style. Bathroom was adequate but a bit cramped with a small bath.We used room service for early morning coffee - OK but nothing special. We only found the restaurant the next day. In true minimalist style it was not clearly marked as such. We did not try it as there are plenty of places to eat with more atmosphere in the immediate area.	
Jun 2 2007 	Perfect place for first timers	Arrived in Chicago for the first time ever about 8 hours before the rest of my party. The Sutton was the perfect starting location to get the most out of my first day. The staff was friendly and helpful with an early check-in. Then, after checking out some of the materials in the room for maps and highlights, was able to walk around to find an abundance of dining, drinking and shopping options right around the hotel, and at the end of the block, the famed Michigan Avenue with all of the city's best shopping -- right there! We never went further than walking distance of the hotel the entire trip because we didn't have too. There was so much do to within just a few city blocks and every place we ate near the hotel was absolutely amazing especially the small pancake house across the street. Even with all of the bars on Rush Street just a couple blocks away, our favorite night spot was the Whiskey Bar located inside the hotel. On Saturday nights it was the perfect little lounge with good music, cozy seating and a good crowd. This place is located in the best part of the city and i would recommend for any kind of trip.	
May 9 2007 	What a great hotel!	What cannot be said about the Sutton Place Chicago. This hotel went above and beyond for us over the 4 nights we stayed there from May 5-9/07. We booked this hotel through a package from expedia,and we ended up getting a great rate of about $165 per night. We arrived on a Saturday morning at 10:00am and were promptly given a warm welcome and an early check in. We spent the afternoon on Mag Mile, and returned to freshen up before dinner, when we received a phone call from the front desk asking if we would be available to receive a delivery. Two minutes later room service arrived with a bottle of champagne on ice and a plate of chocolate covered strawberries, accompanied with a hand written card welcoming us to Chicago and congradulating us on our anniversary. (I had only mentioned it was our anniversary in an email I sent over 3 months prior to our arrival asking for a high floor room with a nice view- which we also received!) Of course this is a wonderful first impression! The rest of our stay was fantastic. Huge bathrooms, with a wonderful tub and a shower with nice water pressure. A very comfortable bed, and a nightly turndown service with chocolates and light jazz music playing in your room. The hotel is in a great location. A short walk to Michigan Ave, and about a mile to the river. It is also flanked by wonderful restaurants. (Gibsons, Carmine's, Tavern on Rush, Luxbar) The doorman was always helpful, and we even were given use of the business Cadillac service to the Art Institute one day for less than a cab ride. It is a short walk to the Red Line Subway. When we return to Chicago we will definatley be staying with our friends at the Sutton Place.	
May 1 2007 	Good Hotel in a Great Neighborhood	A very good hotel. The rooms were clean and spacious with lots of amenities including CD/DVD player and a soaking tub in the bathroom. Minimal noise from the street or neighboring rooms, even though there was a rather loud bar across the street. I didn't try the restaurant because it looked deserted, but there are any number of fine eating establishments within a block or two, including Gibsons and Morton's -- both steak houses. The lakefront and north end of the Mag Mile is one block away. Only small complaint is that the concierge was not particularly helpful and often nowhere to be found. Otherwise, this one's a keeper -- I would definitely stay again.	
Apr 16 2007 	Beautiful Facility Spotty Service	I booked this hotel after reading rave reviews. I was very disappointed by my experience. The hotel itself is beautiful and well appointed. The problem lies with the service and prices.When I checked in, the hotel asked for a credit card to secure amenities- a standard practice. When I gave them my card, they informed me that $150 would automatically and the funds, if not used, would be refunded at checkout. I objected, as this is definitely not standard practice for all but the seediest hotels. I was told if I would not allow the charge, I could not check in or, alternatively could provide a gold card. I allowed the charge. Since I had already paid for the use of amenities, I ate at the hotel one night and had it charged to the room. At check out, I was informed that the meal would be charged in addition to the $150 and it would now take 3-5 days for them to put in the charge-back request. I suggested they take the cost of the meal from the original $150 and reimburse $125. The cashier glared and said this was definitely not an option. I would simply have to wait for the hotel to process the $150.While I was at the hotel, most staff were very professional and courteous. Upon check-out, I went to the gentleman who had hailed a taxi for me all week and requested one. He pointed down the block and said &quot;You can catch one down there.&quot; Its very disappointing that as soon as you pay the bill, the service ends.Finally, the amenities were very overpriced, even for a 4 star hotel on the Mag Mile. The business center charged $1.00 a page to print (my conference hotel down the block charged $.50), Veuve Cliquo Yellow Label- a standard $80 - 85 everywhere else in the city, was $110 and so on.While the physical hotel is lovely, the service and price of amenities will prevent me from staying here again.	
Apr 11 2007 	Great location in the center of everything!	We stayed at the Sutton Place for 2 nights over Easter weekend. We had a great weekend in Chicago, and the Sutton Place was a big part of making our visit special, despite record low temps for April! The location is excellant, at the corner of Bellevue Place and Rush, steps from many of the best restaurants on the Gold Coast, and only about 3 blocks from Water Tower Place shopping on Michigan Avenue. Barney's Midwest outpost is only a block away. Despite lots of night time activity on Rush and State streets, this was one of the quietest hotels I have ever stayed in. No outside noise in our 11th floor room which faced the street, nor was there any interior noise from the corridors. The fact that the hotel only has about 250 rooms makes it very private, and the staff was always very courteous, and genuinely friendly. The concierge and front desk staff made great suggestions for places to eat, and really knew their stuff.  The rooms are generously sized, with great bathrooms. Though the furnishings are showing a bit of age, everything was in good working order. I very much enjoyed having the CD/DVD player in the room. They even have a small library of CD's to listen to in each room! Overall, a great property, and will return here again!	
Feb 19 2007 	Worth every penny!	A long week-end in Chicago with a friend to shop and see the art gallery can be a very tiring experience! What a delight to return home each day to our lovely hotel room. Very plush thick towels, robes, an excellent shower and deep tub. We were on the 20th floor in a deluxe double room......spacious, quiet with deeply comfortable beds. The staff could not have been more helpful and friendly.The Magnificent Mile with its wonderful shops is steps away from the front door.....lots of restaurants nearby. This hotel is in a great location and we are definitely coming back!	
Jan 12 2007 	Chicagos Hidden Gem	This is possibly one of my favourite hotels that i have stayed in in recent times. On looking for hotels in Chicago i found that the city is quite expensive in relation to others and it was through much searching that i found this . For the price it was amazing. The staff are extremely friendly. Its is located beside the major majority of chicagos most famous resturants. It is located in oak street which i believe is in a nicer loaction than the magnificant mile hotels but yet it is only a five minute walk from there. The lake is also near. The rooms were really spacious with extremely comfortable beds. They also had the ince feature of having jazz music playing on the dvd player when u returned to the room.The bathrooms were also large for a hotel. The rooms made the hotel a place that u wanted to come back to at night. We did not eat in the hotel insted has breakfast at the adorable orignial pancake house directly accross the street and some of chicagos well knowm resturants at night. I would recommend this hotel to anybody. My family and I had such a wonderful time here that we did not want to leave.	
Nov 13 2006 	The Sutton is NOT THE PLACE	My partner and I went to Chicago for a quick weekend trip to celebrate his birthday. After we booked our flight, we found out that the American Heart Association annual meeting was also in Chicago that weekend. Needless to say, hotel rooms were at a premium. And the Sutton Place took advantage of that fact. Rates were miuch higher than normal, with no discounts available even searching for internet discounts.We booked a &quot;Lakeview&quot; DELUXE room. The Lakeview was a small sliver of Lake Michigan seen between several adjacent buildings. We made the reservation itself through Expedia and the experience was fine.Check-in was a mixed experience; althought the front desk was extremely courteous, no appropriate room was available until an hour after our arrival even though we tried to check-in at 2:00 pm.The room itself was spacious and nicely furnished with a large although somewhat dated bathroom. The bath products were superb. The TV, DVD player, and stereo were nice touches. Overall, it was an above average room BUT nothing like I would have expected for $450/night.The bed was a little soft but the linens and bed coverings were high quality. HOWEVER, the room was not very quiet; when some of our neighbors got up to check out at 5:15 am we were awakened to hear every word of their conversation at the elevator. And we were at the far end of the hallway.The exercise room is small and inadequate. The hotel does have a relationship with a nearby health club, Equinox. However, that 'relationship' doesn't translate into a reasonable rate to use their gym; a one-day pass was $20.00!!!!!Check-out was prompt and quick.Overall, this is a pleasant hotel in a superb location. Great shopping and restaurants are within walking distance. Don't expect a lot of bells and whistles, and certainly don't pay $450 per night. If you can't get it cheaper you might as well stay at a Sheraton or similar mid-range hotel.	
Oct 30 2006 	Great Location	Stayed at the Sutton Place for 1 night before moving to the Hyatt Convention Center. The hotel is in a perfect location for exploring Michigan Avenue, Rush and Division Streets. Unfortunately, we were given room keys to a room that was already occupied. We were a little shocked entering into a room with a laptop, jewelry and lots of clothing! The front desk was a bit embarrassed as well, however, we took a bottle of Red wine as a peace offering! We went to Jilly's Jazz club around the corner on Rush (highly recommend) and also ate dinner across the street at Gibson's Steak House. Expensive but worth every bit. I would highly recommend going to the John Hancock tower and checking out the beautiful cocktail lounge on the 96 floor - great spot for a cocktail and to watch the city lights glimmer below.	
Jun 26 2006 	Bumped into the right hotel for a good sleep	Missed the flight out of chicago to Europe and was lost midnight, but I found this hotel through my travel agency.. - I never heard of it, althought I knew a few hotels in Chicago, but what a pleasant experience... - this is a quiet and very nice hotel for getting a sound sleep so one can look into the day with new eyes.. - as said by others, bathroom and bed was good and no noise at all from the street.. - staff was relly above average with regard to help... - it is right in the place of the happening area, so my night was shortened up by a snack and a few pints in the &quot;dubliners&quot;, was a cool place..	
Jun 7 2006	A wonderful experience	We spent three nights at the Sutton Place Hotel. The location (right next to the Rush Street nightlife area, close to North Michigan Ave, only a few blocks from a Red Line subway stop) was handy. The room was spacious, the bed comfortable, and all was immaculately clean. Hotel personnel were friendly and helpful. We were on the 19th floor and our room was extremely quiet. I wanted to take the shower home; it was strong, stayed at a constant temperature, and was mounted high enough that tall people (maybe not nba players) won't have to stoop. There was also a large soaking tub. I had never heard of this hotel, but I'd stay here again in a flash!	
May 13 2006	Wonderful Hotel 	My daughter and I stayed two nights at the Sutton Place Hotel and loved it. It is located within a block of great shopping and restaurants and entertainment. Our room was beautiful, clean, and cozy. We had a King Deluxe room and the bed was sooooo comfortable. The staff went out of their way to make sure that we had a good time. Everyone that saw us always asked us if there was anything that we needed or if they could do anything for us. We walked over to see &quot;The 27th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee&quot; at the Drury Lane Theatre in Water Tower Place. Absolutely hilarious!!! Then we went to the top of the Hancock Building to see the view of the city at night. We had a wonderful time and felt completely safe walking to and from our hotel at night. I highly recommend this hotel. We are planning to visit Chicago again next year and will definately stay at this hotel again.	
Apr 17 2006	Loved Sutton Place Hotel	My son and I just returned from a wonderful visit to Chicago. The staff made our stay at the Sutton Park terrific. All of the staff was kind and professional and went out of their way to be helpful. They provided us with a room on the 20th floor with views of the lake and the city. The concierge sent milk and cookies on our first night and it was greatly appreciated by my son (for 2 nights!). The beds were extremely comfortable. We brought a DVD to watch one evening after a late dinner, so it was great having the DVD player available. We loved the neighborhood, and especially enjoyed breakfast at the Original Pancake House, located across the street. We enjoyed all of the sights, baseball games, shopping, museums, great food and luckily great weather (until yesterday)that Chicago had to offer on our four day visit. We could walk to most of the sights, or walk to the end of the block to catch a bus. The train was closeby and we used it to get to the White Sox game, Wrigley Field, Oak Park and Midway. We had checked out on Sunday, had a full day of sightseeing, and returned late in the day for our luggage. The staff kindly loaned me a hair dryer, as we had gotten caught in the rain, and let me use the Gym suite to freshen up before we departed for the airport. I had a lot of Chicago hotel choices and I'm glad we chose the Sutton Place. We would definitly enjoy a return visit, and I will recommend Sutton Place to friends who plan to visit.	
Feb 12 2006	Great weekend	My husband and I live in Lincoln Park and once a year, we like to celebrate a special occasion by booking a room in a nice hotel. We were most pleased with our stay at Sutton Place. We were greeted warmly by the doorman upon arrival, the front desk accomodated our request for an upgrade by giving us a corner room with a lake view. Our room was clean, the view was excellent, the bed and down comforter were extremely welcoming and the large soaking tub in the bathroom was a pleasure. Our room service breakfast was delicious and delivered on schedule. The neighborhood is cool for just walking around and exploring and there are limitless choices for eating and drinking. I don't think you can get a better place for the money. We will definitely be going back!	
Nov 29 2005	Unbeatable location very nice room hard bed	I lived in Chicago for seven years, most of them about four blocks away from this hotel. It's in absolutely the best location in Chicago, since the Mag Mile is an easy walk, as is Lincoln Park, and of course it's in the heart of the Gold Coast, which is great.The hotel is impressive on the outside, with a nice (albeit small) lobby and decent attached bar (The Whiskey). We had a room on the 17th floor with a good view north, a hard, uncomfortable king size bed, and a nice set of chairs, a desk and side tables. The bed was quite hard, to the point that neither my wife nor I was able to sleep well.Still, the bathroom was beautiful, the TV had a nice selection of HBO and other premium channels for free, and the room itself was nicely decorated. We found the room to be well insulated from external noises, and it was quite comfortable for our four day, three night stay.The Pancake House is directly across the street, which is very convenient for breakfast (although there are always crowds). Beyond that, there are a ton of restaurants and bars to go to within a couple of blocks. (Le Colonial is an excellent Vietnamese restaurant, very dark and romantic, and only about two blocks away.)All in all, a very nice, albeit pricy, hotel. We try to stay in a different hotel every time we go back, but this was definitely one of our favorites (except for the bed).	
Nov 7 2005	Customer service is really slipping	We have loved the Sutton Place and stayed there many times. I had read the past posts about some of the problems, but chalked them up to &quot;grumpy guests.&quot; Well, maybe I am one too, but we won't stay at Sutton Place again.We made our reservations through one of the bulk hotel retailers when they had a better price and the prepay option. I even called S.P. to ask if this would make any difference, and the reservationist said, &quot;No, you'll get a better price through them and it doesn't matter to us.&quot; I specifically put on our reservation that it was our 25th anniversary, hoping this would get us nice treatment.We arrived well within the check-in time and were put in the handicapped room on the 8th floor. Now, I'm not complaining about handicapped rooms, and some of them have been the most luxurious rooms I have ever been in. This one had the advantage of no view -- which meant we weren't on one of the noisy streets, but it had the dinkiest tub with a pitiful handheld shower! I've had better showers at the Holiday Inn Express. When I asked if we could move to a higher floor or different room, they said, &quot;No, that's the only room we have for you.&quot;On Saturday evening, I needed change for a $100 bill. When I asked the desk clerk to make change, he said he didn't have it, and suggested I go to the Whiskey Bar next door and get it there. Was I supposed to tell HIS bellman that I didn't have tip money because I didn't want to go into the smoky, loud bar adjacent to the hotel?!?! Infuriating.Find another hotel. This one has lost its magic.	
Sep 17 2005	watch out	Watch out for the Sutton Place Hotel. They overbook. We were upgraded to a junior suite, probably because we had already paid in full for our room that had been given to someone else. You might not be so lucky---and who wants to start off a vacation with a hassle!	
Sep 12 2005	Nice hotel	My husband and I stayed in the hotel over Labor Day. This was our first time to Chicago. We thought the hotel was in a nice spot. It was close to alot of great restaurants. (Mortan's and The Wiskey bar) This hotel is about a 25 min walk to the Navy Pier. We stayed on the 21st floor with a lake view in a corner room. I wouldn't call the view a lake view, not worth paying extra for. The room was very small alot smaller then the pictures look. The room was very clean. The bathroom shower leaked all over the floor when you took a shower. Also only one robe in bathroom. They have a nice radio and cd/dvd palyer in the room. That was nice. We didn't like it that you had to call room sevice when you wanted ice. Not very covenant. We ordered room sevice one night the food was good and it was brought up to our room very fast.The staff at this hotel were very nice and helpful. They even printed off our boarding passes the day we left the hotel. The doormen were great!The only problem I had this trip was when I got home I looked at my credit card bill the hotel had two differnt charges on my card. I didn't think they were right so I emailed them several times and never got any response. So I called them and they had double charged me for the mini bar. They lady I talked to didn't belive me that I didn't use all that stuff out of the mini bar. So I got upset and she credit my card. I'm sure some people do lie about what they got at the mini bar that why she was acting like that.Overall this was an okay place to stay. It was nice, but not a luxury hotel.	
Sep 5 2005	Great Location Outstanding Service	My wife and I stayed at the Sutton Place over labor day weekend. We were extremely impressed with the level of service and the politeness of the staff. The rooms are good sized and tastefully decorated. We were however surprised at the stained carpet (this caused us to lower our rating from excellent to above average). Every room has a large soaking tub and separate class shower.You can not beat this Gold Coast location. Try the Le Colonial resturant or the Zinc Bistro located within a couple minutes walking time.	
Jul 25 2005	Loved the Area	My husband and I met our friends from Iowa for our 32nd anniversary in Chicago. A friend of my husband's recommended Sutton Place saying it was fabulous. When I read on TripAdvisor that it was rated #20, that should have been a clue. The hotel is IN Nightlife Central. It's on the corner of Bellevue and Rush, and I've never seen so many young people in one place at night. If I was 20-30, this would be the place to be seen. Also there were TREMENDOUS restaurants within walking distance...Morton's, Gibson's, Tavern on Rush, Carmines, etc. We had a quick bite at Dublin's the afternoon we landed. Stephen, the bellman suggested it saying the soup was great. It was...but everything else was definitely lacking. Dublin's has no umbrella tables, and once that setting sun went between the buildings, I was staring and sweating into the sun! More about Chicago restaurants later...We had reserved a corner room looking out onto Lake Michigan. Yes, we could see the lake - between the buildings, but for the most part all we saw was tops of buildings (we were on the 21st floor). Those before who have said the rooms are small, are dead-on, but this seems to be the trend lately. I love the Pan Pacific in San Francisco, and its rooms are really small too, but you have to love their bathrooms. I would truly say it was only Sutton Place's shower, the deep soaking tub, and the Gilchrest and Soames toiletries that saved me giving this room a below average rating. The bed was comfortable, but there was definitely, no maneuvering room. I got the ironing board out to iron my dress for dinner that evening, and I had to wedge it in between the desk and the bed. Also, if you have a hair dryer - bring it! The one in the room was HORRID. There were two settings: Frantic and &quot;I'm not blowing one hair on this head!&quot; The high setting blew such hot air that I had to hold it two feet from my head, and then I still burned my hands. Turned out it really didn't matter - it was so humid, my hair did its own thing. One thing about Internet access - they have Wi-Fi, but it's $10.95 - that's ridiculous!The Whisky Bar in the hotel has very good martinis, but beware...it's loud and if you are a middle-aged woman, you may have a hard time getting waited on.Friday evening we joined our friends and as their daughter lives in Chiago, ate at a wonderful restaurant...Chicago Chop House. Think Morton's without the glitz. It's in an old building and you have to walk up stairs to get to you table. Ours was on the third floor...I was tempted to ask if there was an elevator, as I have arthritic knees and don't do stairs well! However, stairs aside, the food was incredible and the wine list goes forever. My husband loves his beef and he had one of their specials, and declared it the best beef he's ever had in his life. I had the sauteed catfish almondine and it was sweet and tender - melt in your mouth. Make sure you try Russ' Potatoes...homefries with onions and rosemary - tremendous! None of us had room for dessert because the portions were huge.Saturday the boys went to the Field Museum to view the captured and restored German U-boat and my girlfriend and I hit the Mag Mile. I must say I'm a shopping fool, but I didn't see any stores where I would buy clothes with the exception of Chicos (it's not on the Mag Mile). It was fun though to go into Tiffany's and drool, drop by L'Appetito Deli by the John Hancock building for gelato and walk until we wilted (they were having a heat wave when we were there - on Sunday it was hotter in Chicago than Phoenix where I'm from).We had lunch at Cerise in Le Meridien hotel...my friend built her own salad for around $14 and I built my own Bento lunch box (soup, a small salad, petite entree and basically a scoop of dessert) - it was more than enough for lunch. We had planned to have High Tea at the Drake, but we never made it back there. While in the Nordstrom's shopping area (there are several different shops inside surrounding Nordstrom's), we found the most wonderful apothecary called Sabon...lots of bath butters, salts, soaps made with minerals and clay from the Dead Sea...in the whole weekend, these are the only items I purchased. Beware everything comes in glass, so make it the last place you stop, or your arms will be weary from the load! I finally had them ship some things home. They have a Web site but if you're this side of Chicago, they will send you a catalog and you can order from them - shipping is definitely less.Saturday evening we took our friends for their first time to see Blue Man Group - we have seen it three times now - twice in Chicago and once in Vegas. If you can, go to their venue in Chicago. It's much, much better. This is just a deflightful show and I highly recommend it to everyone.Saturday after the show, we had tapas at Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba, and again, it was so good. Some of the better tapas included: Beef Empanada, Stuffed Crimini Mushrooms, Frisee salad with almonds, Garlic Potato Salad (yum), and of course the Sangria - they have several types.Sunday morning dawned very humid and very hot...we met our friends in the park across from the hotel - it hosts a Gloria Jeans and is a very pleasant place to just sit and people watch. Lots and lots of people walk their dogs and there was a delightful wind pushing between the buildings. I suppose if you live somewhere other than the desert, you might not enjoy the wind as much as we did...but it was coming off the lake and very refreshing. We had breakfast at Carmines..we had frittatas that were huge, but the downside was they brought you plain-Jane white toast with no butter...kind of weird in a Midwestern city (we farmers love our bread and butter).For an anniversary weekend it was pretty great considering the food and friends, but I would definitely stay somewhere else next time. My best friend here in Phoenix suggested The Drake, and my girlfriend's daughter suggested The Sofitel.Our room was $219 a night and I didn't think it was a bad room for the price. My friend who drove in from Iowa, says if you don't want to stay in downtown Chicago, you can stay just outside Lincoln Park in hotels for around $89/night that includes Continental breakfast.	
Jun 13 2005	Clean and Friendly!!	Had a nice stay over Memorial Day Weekend. I was impressed with the cleanliness of the room which is extremely important to me. We were also on a non-smoking floor which was nice. Walls were a little too thin however. On Saturday night we had to listen to the cackling women in the room next door until 3:00 in the a.m. They were having a good time. I wasn't going to spoil their fun. Turn down service every night. Rooms come equipped with CD players but we didn't utilize it. Beds were extremely comfy. We were able to catch up on a lot of sleep. Location was o.k. It's about 45 minutes from O'Hare on the train. Not very convenient for sightseeing (like museums or boat tours) unless you like walking alot. There's always cabs and the red line which is about a 5 minute walk away. Hotel is directly across the street from great restaurants like Gibson's and the best margaritas in town at the Blue Agave. Oh, and the pancake house across the street has great breakfasts, but get there early. The line is out the door by 8:30. The staff, especially the doormen, were very friendly and helpful. Fresh fruit and complimentary newspapers awaited us in the lobby. It was a nice touch. I would stay here again if our itinerary included shopping on Michigan Ave and partying on Rush. However, if you're looking forward to visiting the Navy Pier, museums, and such, stay closer to the river.	
Jun 9 2005 	Nice Clean Place	We had a nice room on the 10th floor with a view of the city. Room was very clean. Twice daily housekeeping was nice for a fresh set of towels and soap. Ice delivered each evening, be sure and ask for a full bucket if you require ice. Nice place, nice room, nice bathroom (deep tub and separate shower). Location is on Rush (Bellevue). Lots of eating/drinking nearby. Close to Watertower place and Michigan shopping. Next time however, will probably stay closer to loop area, just my preference.	
May 18 2005	Great choice in Chicago	Just spent four nights at the Sutton Place Hotel in Chicago. I chose it for five friends and me for our annual get-together primarily on the basis of reviews I read on TripAdvisor. I was not terribly impressed when we arrived--small lobby, nothing special--but the longer we stayed, the more we appreciated the hotel. The staff was extremely well-trained and professional and did everything possible to be helpful. The doorman, Gary Sykes, was also highly professional--and a delight! The location is extraordinary. It's a few blocks west and north of the Magnificent Mile within walking distance of Lake Michigan, on the corner of Rush and Bellevue. To the west on Bellevue are wonderful brownstone townhouses. Across from the front door is the Original Pancake House, where we had breakfast every day and which offers crepes and other delights along with the usual. But what made the location such a find was the vibrant street life after dark, with people eating outside, strolling, etc. We had four wonderful dinners at three restaurants (went back to one of them) within a half block of the hotel--Hugo's Frog Bar, Carmine's, and Merlot on Maple. The restaurants, too, were professionally staffed. You can't go wrong with Sutton Place.	
May 15 2005	Pretty Lame	The doorman was the best part of this hotel. He informed us that there was a cd player in the room because he saw all of our cd's sitting in the car. He also knew that we were going to the U2 show when we asked him how to get to the United Center.That was a great moment.The rest...not so four star. The room was really small. The bed was extremly comfortable. The view was splendid. The bathrug was falling apart and they only gave us one bathrobe. Some minor repairs and cauliking needed in the bathroom. The cd player was nice. A lot of business people staying there. Lobby small, dark and a bit strange.Overall, it was a comfortable stay. Was it worth the price? I don't think so.	
May 4 2005	Great place to stay - never disappointed	Whenever I travel to Chicago, I usually stay here at the Sutton Place Hotel.Great place to stay - nice, clean rooms with nice added touch - CD Player, bathrobes, bathtub and shower stall. Staff at hotel provides great service, alway accomdating to guest needs. Very convenient to shopping and tourist spots - near Michigan Ave and Lake Michigan.	
Feb 7 2005	Four Stars???	Ok...a disclaimer to start off...I'm new to the &quot;luxury&quot; hotel scene so maybe I dont have much to compare my experience against but my stay at the Sutton Place was below expectations. After researching for months on the perfect hotel in Chicago for New Years I settled on the Sutton for a pacakage of 269 for a night which included breakfast, parking, champagne and strawberries, and taxes. The first thing I noticed on arrival was only two elevators in the whole building...which was a bit of a wait all the time we needed to get up and get out. The room was kept clean no issues there, but lying down on the bed I could feel the springs!!! I couldn't believe it...Other than that we had a few requests for room service....some were taken care of at a reasonable time. After placing an order for breakfast at 9:30 our breakfast promptly arrived at our room 2 hours later and one hour later than they told us it would arrive. In the end...the Sutton may look like a luxury hotel but it lacks the &quot;details&quot; and thats where luxury hotels are supposed to shine.	
Feb 5 2005	Absolutely Fantastic!		
Jan 18 2005	The Sutton Place Hotel: Did Not Meet Our Expectations		
Oct 12 2004	sutton great location		
Jul 29 2004	IT DOESN'T GET ANY BETTER!!!		
Jul 16 2004	Take Bad with Good		
Jun 27 2004	Impeccable Service and Great Location		
Feb 16 2004	Very Disappointed		
Oct 23 2003	Great Location		
Apr 20 2003	Great Hotel with Limitations		
Feb 20 2003	Location Location Location 		
Aug 17 2009 	Eccellente hotel cittadino servizio impeccabile		
