	Very nice stay	We spent the Thanksgiving weekend at the hotel and got a very good price (much lower than the normal rate). The room was very nice as was the pool and exercise room. The parking was expensive, but they give 50% discount for hybrid cars (yea!) so it was reasonable. There aren't many places in the immediate vicinity to eat, but nothing is a very far walk.	
Nov 25 2009 	Not impressed and even more so - disappointed!	The staff at Swissotel were not particularly nice. They weren't overtly rude, but they also never went out of their way to address me as a guest. Each time I waited at the counter for staff (checkin and checkout - they did not put my bill under my door) for several minutes and then was waved to the desk upon my turn with no hello or anything, or apology for waiting in line. When I told them they needed more desk workers, my statement was not even acknowledged. Mediocre room and service for a very extravagant price. Also, views were good, but there are many hotels located closer to trains, Michigan Ave, etc.	
Nov 17 2009 	The Swissotel is one of our favorite hotels in Chicago and the corner rooms have the most fantastic views in the city.	We have stayed at the Swissotel many times. The accomodations and support services are phenomenal. All staff members are very courteous and go the extra mile in meeting your needs during your stay. I would encourage everyone to make the Swissotel your lodging destination next time you go to Chicago. You won't regret it and will return for future trips to the windy city.	
Nov 16 2009 	Great hotel but 15 minute walk to trains	My daughter and I booked this hotel through Hotwire. The staff was great and put us on the 30th floor with a view of the lake. The room was spacious, clean, and very comfortable. My only negative is that it's about a 15 minute walk to the trains which would be inconvenient on a rainy or cold day.	
Nov 11 2009 	Not as impressed as I had hoped	We had stayed there about 8 years ago, and loved it. And knowing it was recently remodeled, I expected a bit more. On the plus side, the bedding is wonderful, and the room size more than adequate. The bathroom is a good size, but the shower is a bit tight. The location is good - close to Michigan Ave, but far enough away to make it quiet.Things that bothered me ... no robes in the rooms, ice machines are not on every floor (and you don't find this out until you are looking for one), no turn down service at night, and when housekeeping did come, they did not replace the shower gel we had used which was totally empty. They had coffee in the lobby but took it away at 6 a.m. on Sunday morning. They did have a very nice coffee maker in the room, but all they provide is that awful powdered creamer. So if you like cream in your coffee, having the lobby option is very important. And it was not offered in the lobby at all on Monday morning.Oh, and no newspaper delivered to the room either. These are all things routinely provided in most upscale hotels.Concierge service was fine when we needed our boarding pass printed. But the day before, when presented with the question &quot;Can I take a backpack into Soldier Field for a Bears game&quot;, the reply was, &quot;I don't have that information, what does their website say?&quot;.I would have expected a little more digging for an answer. And FYI, you cannot take backpacks into the stadium. .But we found this out on our own.You no longer have free access to the pool and jacuzzi. I found this quite annoying! And they no longer have Swiss chocolates sitting on the counter when you check in. A small thing indeed, but a nice touch.I was booked at a discounted rate, so I was not totally diappointed. But if I had paid full price, the little things that bothered me would have morphed into big things. Best aspects in terms of my trip was the location and the bedding.	
Nov 9 2009 	Swissotel provides everything you cold want to make you feel like an important and valued guest	If you're going to Chicago and want to have a great hotel stay with no worries, this is your place. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable about the town and will go out of your way to be helpful. While my boyfriend andI were trying to get to the Pedway, one of the hotel managers stopped what he was doing and lead us to where we were going. after a long and exhausting drive from Tennessee, the beds at the Swiss were incredibly welcoming too. My boyfriend is currently trying to find out how they make their beds so comfortable and where he can get one of their comforters because it felt so amazing. Getting little toblerone (one of my favorites) chocolates on your pillow everynight is a nice touch that adds some elegance to your evening no matter why your staying there. The rooms look like they were just remodled and upgraded, there was an HD TV and a nice iHome docking station to put my iPod so I could set the alarm to wake up with my music instead of the radio. The whole decor was really to my taste, and of course it helped that it was impeccibly clean the whole time. While I was out exploring chicago, the blanket that I'd brought from home and left in a chair was even folded neatly at the foot of the bed when I came back. I'm a little bathroom phobic and these were really nice, super clean, with beautiful (very new looking) tile. I'm really into showers and so i liked the big showerheads that give you the rainfall style shower. I didn't try out the tub though. Also, i know there's a 24 hour exercise/fitness facility upstairs. I walked through it to go use the pool and jacuzzi (talk about a pool with a view, try the 42nd floor! that was a fun place to swim). It looked like it had a lot of weights and machines to choose from but I never got to use any of them.We were staying to go to SOFA (the Sculptural Objects &amp; Functional Art exposition) at Navy Pier. Having a great hotel in close proximity to Navy Pier, in a central location downtown, with a gerat view of Lake Michigan was important. (well the great view wasn't important, but it was a very nice bonus). The bar in the hotel lobby has a very comfrotable feel, even though stylistically its very classy. We saw several groups of people sitting around chatting with tables pulled together or by the fireplace, and both bartenders were very friendly and helpful answering questions about chicago. Our whole stay it felt like the staff went out of their way to make sure we had the best visit possible.Breakfast in the Geneva downstairs was great as well. I love fresh fruit but generally you only get apples and a banana, so seeing fresh raspberries, blueberries and strawberries (among other breakfast fruit staples) was surprising. They had a great selection of pastries, cereals, yogurt and breakfast meats. there were so many different things for breakfast (plus you could order off the menu) it would take too long to go into them, but I was happy to get such a variety of options.I wish I could mention every good thing about our stay...there were just so many little things that made it add up to a great trip. The only downside was that we had to leave. We're already planning a return trip to the Swiss where we can stay for at least a week to see parts of Chicago we missed and because we had such a great experience it really made us want to come back.	
Nov 2 2009 	Great rooms staff and location but extras overpriced	My wife and I got a deal off hotwire for a 4 star near michigan and it ended up being this hotel. The hotel staff was very nice, from the moment we drove up. We were put on the 41st floor (of 43) and had a nice view. We were not sure what to expect since we used Hotwire and got a great rate, so we were very pleased.The location is perfect. A couple blocks from Michigan, so a walk or a short $5 taxi ride takes you to any shop you would like. We went to the Shedd Aquarium for around $6-7. We also found that if you take the escalator down under the hotel, there is a dunkin donuts and many other shops/restaurants to eat. They are open during the week, but most were closed on saturday. Room service was expensive in the hotel. I just remember $29 for eggs benedict. Don't quote me on that exact prices, but it is pretty close. Even with the amount we saved on the room, we could not justify spending the amount they listed for room service. We found a great place for breakfast a few block away called South Water Kitchen - great meals and we spent about $35 between us.We paid for parking at the hotel. It is as expensive as everyone says - $52 per day - but we felt with what we saved, it wasn't too bad. I would rather not have taken a car at all, but needed it for a day of work. I will save my money next time on the car and parking and use Go Airport Express to/from the airport or a cab, then use cabs or walk to get around the city. Also, I would have liked to use the Fitness center, but it was $15 per day. I would have probably done it for $5, but would rather it have been free. We did go and check it out. It was totally empty. Nice, but totally empty. I wonder if a lot of people pay to use it. Positive - Great room, comfortable bedVery friendly staff, help you in any way they canInternet was $9.95 per day - not too badAlthough we didn't eat there, they have a Palm Restaurant off the main lobby.Close to everything - underground eating, Michigan avenue shops - walking or short cabNegatives- Room service expensive - ridiculously expensiveParking expensive - $52 per dayFitness center cost $15 per day	
Oct 21 2009 	Really Nice Business Hotel	I wish I had reviewed the Swissotel Chicago when it was more fresh in my mind! I really enjoyed this hotel for business travel. The good:-Rooms: Recently rennovated. Large, really comfortable bed. Spacious bathroom with nice ammenities. Every room as a view of the river - really lovely.-Location: Just a couple blocks off of Michigan Ave. for shopping and restaurants. -Meeting Space: I attended an event at the hotel. They just added a brand new Conference Center in addition to their existing meeting space, which I did not experience. It's beautiful. Great views, really convenient space for any event.The okay:-Staff: They were fine. Nice, but not overly welcoming. A &quot;hello&quot; or &quot;welcome back&quot; when you walk through the lobby would go a long way.The bad:-Business Center: This was closed when I was staying at the Swissotel. Very tough for a hotel catering to business travelers. I hope they get it up and running soon! I went over to their sister hotel, the Fairmont Chicago, to use their business center. They were very kind.I would definitely return to the Swissotel when on business in Chicago.	
Oct 18 2009 	They charge for wireless and it doesn't work	This hotel nickel and dimes you for everything -- $15 to use the gym, $11 for wireless internet. I wouldn't mind the charges if I had known about them in advance or if they had just folded it in to my bill and I would have paid a little more... It's just irritating to arrive at the front desk and be told you have to fork over extra money for what should be basic hotel functionsAND THE WORST PART IS THE WIRELESS DOESN;T WORK except in the lobby. In the room, it only works occasionally (just enough to frustrate you) so you have to use your computer downstairs in the noisy lobby. This is a serious minus for a business hotel--wireless is a non-negotiable for me. I won't be staying here again until I hear that they have upgraded this service.	
Oct 18 2009 	Fantastic view excellent service - top notch!	My husband &amp; I stayed here while in Chicago to run the marathon. We stayed in a standard room which was a good size, very clean and so quiet. But the view...fantastic! We had an unobstructed view of Navy Pier, the Chicago River and the north loop. What a treat to watch the fireworks display at Navy pier from the comfort of our hotel room.Whether travelling to Chicago to run the Chicago Marathon, to shop or to sightsee, the location of this hotel was perfect. And all of the the staff were very professional, courteous and friendly.	
Oct 18 2009 	Great location great staff great everything!	I recently stayed at the Swissotel Chicago for business and must say it exceeded my expectations. The staff was terrific both with my room and with the business aspects of our event. My room was fantastic with beautiful views of the city, large flat screen tv, and a very comfortable king size bed. The food for our event was delicious. The onsite restaurant was pretty good but a bit overpriced. It was a bit confusing getting to some of our event room since some were in the original side of the building and some were in the newer addition. All in all though it was a great place to stay if you want to be near the heart of Chicago.	
Oct 16 2009 	Great Experience	Stayed at Swissotel the weekend of Oct. 10th. The hotel is in a great location sort of in the middle between Millennium Park/Art Institute and the shops on Michigan Avenue. We were able to walk everywhere and even to the train stop, which is maybe 7 blocks away. At night, it was too cold to walk, so we took cabs, even to places only 1 mile away. The hotel was simple, clean and didn't try to be too trendy or over the top, with mostly business travelers. The double room was spacious and clean.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Hotel	This is a very nice hotel. The front desk personnel were friendly and very efficient upon check in, the room had a fabulous view of Navy Pier &amp; the lake. The room was very plush, it had a wonderful bathroom. It also had the most comfortable bed/linens I've ever experienced in a hotel. It's a perfect location for shopping. We did not experience any noise coming from other rooms, pretty quiet. We will definitely return.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Hotel! Great location!	You are walking distance to both Grant and Millennium park and Magnificent Mile. The staff at the hotel are very helpful and nice. This hotel was truly amazing!	
Oct 8 2009 	Good Hotel with Good Location	Traveled with my husband and 2 year old. Hotel was very clean and the rooms were comfy. My son enjoyed our view of the water and passing boats. Conveniently located to the navy pier and Michigan avenue. The only thing I did not like was the $52 a night for valet parking.	
Oct 8 2009 	comfortable	huband &amp; I stayed at this hotel during his conference. everything was very comfortable and our room had a good view. the rooftop pool was very cool too!	
Sep 28 2009 	Bring your own conditioner	I just returned from a three night stay for a business conference. I was disappointed in the hotel for several reasons, a couple of which were probably unique to my stay and thus irrelevant to others considering the hotel (some indifferent staff, multiple interruptions from engineering trying to install hi-def on the TV, mini-bar charges resulting from the engineering guys moving the refrigerator and jostling the mini-bar sensors, a damp comforter cover on the bed after I checked in). Generally applicable comments: the standard rooms are small, the lobby bar is very small (not amenable to a lot of people having a post-meeting drink). Compare the large and lively lobby bars at the Marriott or Westin North River. The bathroom mirrors are not well placed for applying make-up, a minimum number of towels are supplied, the shampoo was not refilled without my express request, and no conditioner was supplied -- bring your own conditioner!I might have felt less critical if I were not paying $279 (before taxes) for a &quot;conference rate&quot; standard room. I wish that I had done what others at my conference did: stay across the street at the Hyatt for half the cost. The Westin North River remains my favorite Chicago hotel.Lastly, why does Trip Advisor allow the hotel to post the same &quot;thank for your comment&quot; response to all reviews of this hotel?	
Sep 24 2009 	Nice hotel	Stayed at Swissotel Aug '09. Very efficient. Nice rooms with good views. Good location. Clean. Would stay again.Keith + Kate Marsden	
Sep 24 2009 	Comfortable room	Excellant room,very comfortable far superior to your usual large American hotel chains.Nice views and good location in the city.Good breakfast buffet.Pool and gym average but acceptable.Dated lobby area.	
Sep 22 2009 	Great hotel and rooms!	Stayed her for 2 night (6 and 7 september '09) and had a room on the 12th floor on the 'backside' of the building but that was no problem; still had great views! Checkin was very swift and friendly staff explained everything very good. Room was very good, lots of space, a superb bed and nice cosy relaxchair to view the tv when coming back late in my room. The mag mile with shops is closeby as are several other interesting things (navy pear, millenium park, arts museum) and letts be honest these kind of cities you need to walk trough it to enjoy even more. Subway (El, red and blue line) you need to walk a bit for but overall that wasn't a problem for me...Bathroom in my room was very spacious with a seperate bath and shower. It was spot on clean!Had a very good stay here; even more so if the room only cost me 99 dollars a night (got it trough booking.com).	
Sep 11 2009 	Above and Beyond	We just returned from a 3 night visit at the Swissotel. The staff from front desk to concierge to housekeeping could not have been more professional and obliging.We were offered an upgrade to a corner room on a high floor (which was so not expected-as we were on a $99 TravelZoo special). This rate also included free access to the pooland gym. The room was an ample size and extremely immaculate,with plenty of toiletries and bathrobes. We had a terriffic view of Navy Pier and contrary to other reviewers were able to see the fireworks just fine. The food in the lounge was great and very fresh---salads, sandwiches etc. The location was terriffic-so close to &quot;The Mile&quot;, Millenium Park, Navy Pier and the EL stop to Wrigley. We were traveling with a 13 year old and he was impressed as well. Theresa in the gift shop went so far as to get my son a sweatshirt in his size from another gift shop location at the Hyatt . The service truly was above and beyond. We will definitely stay at the Swissotel on our next visit to Chicago.	
Sep 10 2009 	great hotel!	In the center of Chicago, one of the nearest place of all the most important places of the city.With 10 min of walking you can stay in michigan avenue, navy pier, in the loop ... millenium park, sears tower and much more. Good price and the highest quality that you can find. book it for a very confortable vacation in this wonderful city!	
Sep 9 2009 	Great stay at nice hotel!	We stayed here over Labor Day weekend and really enjoyed the hote. We had a king bedroom with a lake view on the 10th floor. They view was amazing and I would only stay there again if I had that same view. The room was really big and the bed was quite comfortable. Flat screen TV was also very nice. The bathroom was nice but could've been a little bigger. There was a full size tub and separate shower which was kinda odd. The bar was nice but ridicoulius drink prices, although they had free trail mix! The concierge wasn't very friendly and rather dissappointing. I wouldn't ask this particular person for a recommednation again. He wasn't rude just kinda blah and didn't really care. Only complaint was our room was 1001 which shares a wall with the elevators. It was nice being near the elevator but the wall was thin and you can hear the muffled sounds of them going by. It didn't wake you up or really distract you since it was muffled. But I would prefer to not hear it at all. The hotel was really nice, great location, and I would stay there again in a hearbeat!	
Sep 8 2009	Great value great location	My daughter and I just returned from a week end stay at the Swissotel. I read reviews on Trip Advisor before booking the 99.00 room and most of the reviews were positive. We found the location the room and every employee extremly nice. I asked for a nice view since my daughter had not been there previously was offered one at an additional charge said no thank you and the desk clerk said you will have a view and what a wonderful view we had. The lake and the city.I have visited many large cities and stayed in very exclusive hotels. The resturants, parking etc are alway expensive. Someone on trip Advisor compained about the parking charges, hey it was on the hotel web-site. If you can book on the web, read everything. As far as food, walk a few blocks toward Michigan Ave turn left or right and there are plently of less expensive places to eat. Great city, but yes it is expensive. I would definitly stay at ths hotel again. Drinks in the bar were about average price (high) for the city. The Palm resturant in the hotel had some specials Sunday night, we ate there and the food service,etc were outstanding (portions are large and we shared since we are not big eaters. Trip Advisor never lets me down.	
Sep 7 2009 	Nice hotel good value.	We stayed at the Swissotel from Aug 28-30. We had a lakeview room on one of the higher floors. Our room was large, modern, quiet and clean and had a great view of Navy Pier and the lake. There was plenty of storage space for us. The king sized bed was comfy, and the large walk-in shower was a nice touch. Everything was very clean and well maintained. The location is ideal as it is within easy walking distance to Millenuim Park, the Art Institute, Michigan Avenue and Navy Pier. The area that it is in is much quieter than the Loop or River North. We avoided the outrageous $52 parking fee by parking for $25 in the Millenium Park garages 3 blocks away. No need for a car with the prime location anyway.We found the service to be fine for our needs. We are the type that want to check in and then be left alone for the rest of our stay. We don't use the concierge services or any of the other services unless there is a problem. Check in went quickly for us, but I could see how people could wait a long time when it gets busy. We had breakfast included with our hotel package and the buffet was very good and the service at Geneva was top notch, but I would never pay $26 for it. It was probably worth $10-$15. The pool and fitness center was also included, but we never went up there. Like all hotels, the mini-bar is outrageous, but a quick trip to Bockwinkel's grocery store, just a block or so away, will solve any beverage and snack needs for a reasonable price. You will want bottled water at the very least, as the tap water is, well, Chicago's finest city water.There really wasn't anything to complain about, but there are a few things to know about this hotel. First, we could not see the Navy Pier fireworks from our room as there is a high rise building between the hotel and the place where the boat sits to shoot off the fireworks. This is not the hotel's fault and they do not advertise that you can see the fireworks from your room. We assumed that we could and we were wrong. Also, there is a construction lot directly to the east of the hotel and large trucks were dumping dirt all Saturday morning. We could hear this from our room, but we just turned on the TV and didn't let it bother us. Again, this is not the hotel's fault, and I don't expect them to advertise this.We stayed for 2 nights at $139/ night and had two CAF river cruises (not to be missed!) and two breakfasts included. The cruise tickets are $28 a piece and I figure $10-12 a piece for the breakfast buffets brought the total to about $100 a night for the hotel itself. For the quality and location of the hotel, I would say that is a bargain.	
Sep 7 2009 	Fabulous	This is a wonderful hotel with all the amenities. Everyone was helpful. The breakfast buffet was wonderful. The bed was &quot;just like home&quot;. We would definitely stay again. A nice touch was the water bottles left in our car for us to enjoy on our way home. It was little touches like this that make this hotel one of the best.	
Sep 6 2009 	excellent choice	Spacey, quiet with a sense of luxury. I would definitely choose it again and I highly recommend it. However parking should be cheaper (I find the 52$ a lot), breakfast needs some refining (it is good quality but limited in variety) and front desk needs more employees.	
Aug 31 2009 	Excellent service and Awesome view	1. Navy Pier view was visible from the corridor near the lift on 31st floor.2. I needed to charge my phone battery which was dying and they provided with some left over chargers which returned back before we checked out.3. Very near downtown and Millenium park and we walked all the way to Sears Tower (Less than 1 mile walk).4. Is also near to Navy Pier although its not the hotels fault we didnt ask them the directions. They do have a map of the loop + all nearby attractions with clearly marked details.5. Room was very neat and hey EXCELLENT BOLD TASTE COFFEE.6. Took the charge of the minibar which we had used to keep my 2 year old sons food.7. We didnt use the parking or the gym or the pool and they have technology to remember the guests name when you call the concierge or the guest service they will address you by name.8. My son loved the Chicago river view from our 31st floor , rooms where neat and clean.	
Aug 27 2009 	Excellent	Stayed at this property at a travelzoo rate of $99, which is an incredible value for this property. Overall an excellent hotel, charming modern rooms, would stay again with pleasure.	
Aug 26 2009 	A Pleasant Surprise	Stayed in Chicago for a couple of nights with my wife and our three young children. I really wanted to stay at The Peninsula but the price was just a bit high for us for a suite there. Several other hotels would not allow five people in a suite, even though our youngest would be in a crib. After initially not considering the Swissotel because of mixed reviews on other websites I took another look and booked a family suite for two nights.When we arrived in our room on the 31st floor we were blown away by the spaciousness of the room and by the great views of Lake Michigan, the Chicago River and the city itself. For what we paid per night I really didn't expect such nice accomodations. The room was very clean and plenty of ammenities were provided. I did notice that they charge excessively for extras but that wasn't really an issue for us. The staff was friendly and courtious and was happy to help when we asked. My wife and two of my kids decided to go swimming about an hour before the pool closed and the front desk person comped their entry into the pool rather than charging us the $15 per day pool/fitness useage fee. The bell hop was very friendly and helpful as well giving us plenty of directions and being patient while we were cleaning out our car and gathering our ~10 bags that needed to go to the room. The location of the hotel was perfect for us being located between Navy Pier and Michigan Avenue and close to several great parks and other attractions. We didn't go to any of the on-site restaurants as there are too many other great restaurants in Chicago. The Palm seemed like it would be a pretty nice place to eat and the menu looked good. The downstairs restaurant, however, almost seemed like an afterthought. We strolled down there when we were looking for a place to get breakfast one day but it just didn't have much of an atmosphere being in the basement with no windows. We did get some coffees and pastries from the little cafe/bar area in the lobby and it was about what one would expect.While the Swissotel may not have the super high end service and ammenities (and associated snootiness) that some of the top tier hotels have, it is a very nice hotel that I would have no problems recommending to anyone. If the price we paid was the typical going rate I would say it is a spectacular value for a quality hotel. If I was returning to Chicago I would not even bother looking for a hotel to stay in - I would just call the Swissotel.	
Aug 24 2009 	Good Value for A Good Price	Swissotel Chicago was located near all of the top attractions, i.e. the Magnificent Mile, the Navy Pier and Chicago River. For a good price, we received a double bed, large spacious room with view of the city and the Chicago River. However, Geneva Restaurant in the basement was over priced. For example, the breakfast buffet was $26 and hot chocolate cost $6. There was a $15 daily fee for using the gym. The equipment in the business center was outdated. The bellhop staff were not very resourceful. On another recent trip to Chicago, I stayed at the downtown W Hotel near the Art Institute. The rooms were small and much more expensive. Therefore, I would definitely recommend the Swissotel over the W Chicago.	
Aug 21 2009 	Wonderful stay	Most comfortable beds. Beautiful, sparkling clean room. Great service. We got a super price so took advantage of a $40 per night upgrade for our 3 nights stay and got the most spectacular corner panoramic view that we hated to leave the room. Lake Michigan, The Wrigley Building, Navy Pier all at a glance and fireworks at night. Wonderful stay. We'll do it again.	
Aug 18 2009 	Awesome Service	My family booked the Staycation package with Nicole, the Director of Marketing. From start to finish our 4 day/3 night trip was excellent. I love the VIK desk (as did my 2 and 4 year old) and the view of Navy Pier from our 31st floor window was superb. Not to mention the Air and Water Show was taking place so we saw some great air tricks. The only damper on our trip was my son hit his lip on the windowsill in the room (very 4 year old level) and busted his lip open. It bled forever! Tramatic! Despite that we enjoyed our mini trip and loved the staff. Everyone was super friendly and the package was fabulous &amp; it is easy to walk everywhere or take a water taxi. We hope to return... minus the injury!	
Aug 17 2009 	Would stay here again.	I stayed here for a business trip in August, 2009, and thoroughly enjoyed the hotel. Previous reviews have mentioned the elevator noise--yes, you can hear the elevators, but it's not so loud as to be a real bother. The bed was comfortable; the room was clean; the view was fantastic; and the staff was both helpful and friendly. The fitness center has good equipment, and room service arrives even faster than they predict in their estimates. The internet service is reliable and fast, and the desk in the room is large. There is a highly-ranked restaurant in the hotel, but there are also many other eateries nearby, at almost every price range, if you choose to eat elsewhere. What more can you ask of a business hotel? The architecture of the hotel is unusual--it is a triangular-shaped building, and is featured in the City of Chicago's architectural boat tours along the river. The hotel is close to Michigan Avenue and the Navy Pier and Grant Park, etc., so it's conveniently located within walking distance to many things you'll want to see/do in Chicago. I stayed here for a week, and every single employee I encountered was friendly. I'd happily stay here again.Having said that, don't expect much in the way of spa amenities or leisure activities--this is a business hotel, not a resort. If you need a place to sleep and prepare for work, this hotel is great. If you are hoping for a resort experience, in which you need not leave your hotel, then you might be better off staying at an actual resort.	
Aug 15 2009 	2 Sleepless in Chicago	My Husband and I Stayed for 3 nights at the hotel. We were given a room 2002,2 doors down from elevator on the east side for a lake view,big mistake! loud elevator noise. We callled down stairs, they switched us to 2403,worse mistake,like a helicopter in the room,the noise was unbearable. I Had to Sleep iwth Ear Plugs .I called down to voice my concern that the elevator might pose a risk being that the thing sounded like it was about to break. No one came to check it out. The Mini-Bar Scam,Buyer Beware. I bought nothing! I asked the girl at Check out why I was charged an extra $250.00 plus dollars for items I did not use. I had them remove everthing out of the mini-scam fridge as soon as I got in the room. They were confused why the charges were there,,the girl was confused why I DID&quot;NT understand why I was Charged for things I did'nt take. The Manager came straightened it out. I had to explain to the girl that the extra charges of room tax were already factored in to the price I recieved as final in my online purchase. The Girl at the desk said about the noise , 'Oh that's unusal that your room would be noisy ,since it's a 03,,,mostly the 01's &amp; 02's are the noisiest. [ --XXXX-- ] What difference does that make! We Spent $350 a night for a room with a Fantastic view,it had it. Great Comfortable beds. Excellent housekeeping. The Shower leaked all over the floor,soaked the towels,had to continualy ask for more fresh one's for showers. Wasn't even offered any Comps for the sleepless nights ,just a vague,,oh we're sorry. The Menu Prices for room service Forget it! Over Rated ,Over Priced ,Nickle and Dime Scam! Not Even A Comped Breakfast! I Had Better Amenities at a Best Western Suites for 89 bucks a night. For The View I Would Recomend it, if they corrected everthing else. If Not I'll Save My Dough and have a staycation! Mrs. Works Joliet,Il	
Aug 12 2009 	I read too many reviews	Although I was not lucky enough to find any deals(I never am; I paid full price), our stay at the Swissotel could not have gone much better. We bought the Shedd aquarium package and upgraded to a corner room with a view of the river on one side and Navy Pier on the other. AWESOME VIEW! My wifes trips to the spa and all other plans we made went without a hitch. The room was large and spotless. The Shedd package could have been a little simpler(charge you at the restaurant for breakfast and is credited back at the front desk ) but they gave us what was promised. A couple of things to watch out for are we settled for a room on the &amp; 7th floor and even at midnight the street noise was unbearable(including the hotel taxi whistles every 5 minutes) and make sure you skip the valet parking. There are two parking decks one directly behind the hotel and one within a block where you can park at half the price(if you count tips).	
Aug 2 2009 	Plenty within walking distance.	We went there for our first anniversary having never been to Chicago before, and were pleased with the value, the cleanliness and the location. The room felt just a little squished, and I think our room had a slightly broken vent that made a mildly annoying whistling noise, and it appeared like someone had pried open the vent before in a vain attempt to fix it. Nonetheless the bathroom was luxurious with a separate shower and bath, and we loved wearing the plush bathrobes that they provided. It was within convenient walking distance of many of the popular sites in downtown Chicago and also within 5-10 minute walk of bus or the &quot;L&quot;. I would certainly recommend this hotel!	
Jul 30 2009 	Great choice in Chicago!	I never seem to be away from the Swissotel Chicago lately! Work keeps bringing me back here, which is absolutely fine by me; I know exactly what to expect, and equally, know that it will be of a high standard.The hotel is not smack-bang on the Magnificent Mile, so if a super-central location - i.e. one right in the middle of the hustle and bustle - is important to you, then you may wish to try the Marriott or the Intercontinental. However, the Swissotel is so close to all that, but is also nicely removed from it; located closer to Navy Pier, it is quieter and a lot calmer, but still offers easy access to the shopping and attractions of the city. A pleasant stroll along the river brings you out at the end of the Magnificent Mile, where it is also possible to catch a boat trip or join one of the 'hop on, hop off' bus/trolley tours. I've olny ever stayed in the 'standard' rooms in this property, all of which are spacious and airy, and function well for both business or leisure travellers. There is always a generously-sized workdesk, which would easily accommodate two working on their laptops, (though there is only one chair provided). I have generally had two telephones in the room, (one on the workdesk and another on the coffee table beside the lounge chair), but on this occasion, I only have the one. Not a major issue at all, but worth noting. Similarly, the size of the bathroom on this visit is smaller than usual - but it still has the separate walk-in shower as well as a bath, which is very much appreciated! Rooms all appear to either look out onto the river and the bustle of Chicago or, on the other side, will face Navy Pier, (an especially great view during the summer months when there are regular firework displays).The technology in the room is good and up-to-date; a large plasma TV, (I think...I'm not especially up on these things!), is complemented by a handy clock/radio on the nightstand which also allows you to charge your ipod and indeed play music from the ipod through the speakers, which makes a nice touch.On the negative side, the minibar is one of those nasty move-anything-and-you'll-pay-through-the-nose ones, which I have come to hate with a vengeance! I have in the past called Guest Services for the loan of a mini-fridge which was previously installed in the room with no problem; this time round, I was told there was a flat US$50 fee for this, irrespective of the duration of the stay. Well I'd appreciate this being mentioned in the in-room literature, and don't exactly understand such a hefty charge, (it's not like I'm going to run off with the thing!), especially when I'd be paying the same for less than 24 hours useage as a traveller spending a week here...(needless to say, I didn't pay!) Also worth mentioning is that this can be quite a 'conference' destination which can make things very busy if you are staying during one of these events; service can be slow and erratic, and the wait for elevators can be long and frustrating!The breakfast buffet in the Geneva restaurant is a highlight and a good start to the day. There is a definite continental twist to the spread on offer, with a lovely birchermusli and lots of cold cuts to accompany the usual American-style fayre. The serving times are generously extended over the weekend so breakfast can quite easily become a leisurely brunch, and it's worth taking your time over the whole thing if you're not in a rush!An excellent choice when staying in Chicago, but I would recommend trying to get a room on a higher floor if possible to maximise your enjoyment of the views!	
Jul 30 2009 	Nothing not to like	I think my title says it all. While there was nothing that I absolutely fell in love with at this hotel, there was also nothing not to like either. We managed to secure an unbelievable deal very last minute for the Swissotel. It wasn't my first choice to be honest, but it more than lived up to my expectations and superceded what I needed to get out of it.The location is almost unbeatable for the price. And it does earn cred for being the only triangular shape hotel building in Chicago. It sits right above the river and depending where your room is you'll get unparallelled views of the architecture, two bodies of water and the beautifully lit Navy Pier at night.We faced the Wrigley building on the 29th floor. It was a bit unnerving to also be facing a busy office building across the street from us especially when it came to changing or just relaxing. But we really did spend very little time in our rooms.When it comes to the rooms, its your standard run of the mill hotel room. Clean, a bit on the small side. We had two doubles and I have to say the room felt a bit cramped. One of the beds were almost up against the wall. Yes, while the best thing going for this hotel is the location they do have some negatives too. It's not the hippest or most trendy place. If you're single you're probably not going to have a kickin time here. I saw that it was mostly families, older couples or suited people coming in for conventions.The staff is friendly enough and check in, check out went smoothly without incident. The rooms were cleaned spic and span every day. The beds were comfortable but it was too soft/plush for me, but that's a matter of personal preference. The mini bar is super annoying as they charge you for just moving things out of place, but it is also a no brainer to rectify the situation at check out. They are probably so used to these types of complaints, they didn't give us a hard time at all.All in all, I was within a 5-10 min walk to most of the major destinations in downtown. The loop, the red and blue line, the El, millennium park, grant park, lake shore, the boat tours, steps from Michigan Ave and Magnificient Mile, Navy Pier. The convenience factor is unbeatable. There are tons of restaurants within a few block radius. We never ate anything onsite so I can't vouch for the food options immediately avialable. Another thing that was annoying was the fact that they charge for internet, the gym and the pool. But I guess they have to make money somehow since they practically give their rooms away.It's really a great value for the money and I wouldnt mind to stay here again if I was visiting the city again. And that's saying a lot!	
Jul 29 2009 	Nice place to stay	Overall the hotel was pretty good. We were on the 4th floor and it was very quiet and clean. The front desk staff was not mean, but not very informative either. When checking in the lady looked us up and then promptly left saying she would be right back. After 3-4 minutes with no information another lady came back with her and gave us our keys. Nothing to sign, no rate confirmation or directions to our room. We ran into the manager who walked us all the way to our room and was very nice however. We did have a few problems but they were all promptly resolved. The location was also very good although there are a few options closer to the action. We always look for location and cleanliness in a hotel and this one fit both very well. One thing to point out... the elevators get very busy at peak times. They only have 6 for the entire building and there were some times we waited 3-5 minutes for one to open up. Not a big deal but be prepared.	
Jul 27 2009 	No complaints	After I booked this hotel, I was a little worried by some of the reviews on here, so I went in with low expectations and was pleasantly surprised. While I agree that the Swissotel is not a super memorable hotel for a 4 star place, it is what it is...basically, a business hotel. Our rate was $209 for a recently renovated queen/queen room on a high floor. We had a wonderful view of the river and the Wrigley building. The room was very clean, the beds were comfortable, and the bathroom was huge (but I think this was because we were in a handicapped accessible room). It was very quiet, even though the hotel was full. The only place I could hear other people was in the bathroom, for some reason. The front desk was very nice about letting us check-in at 12 noon and then storing our bags with the bellman. The desk clerk told us that most days we would have been able to have a room at noon, but that the hotel had been sold out the night before and there were many people still checking out at noon. I had read about the expensive valet parking, so we pulled in, dropped off our bags, and then moved our car to a less expensive garage, saving us $22! All in all, we had a good experience and, while it might not be my first choice, I would stay here again.	
Jul 27 2009 	Very impersonal and not worth the price	I stayed here the week of July 9-14, 2009. Below is my response to the automated message sent by the hotel thanking me for patronage and asking for any feedback. The management response : &quot;Thank you and your feedback is very helpful! I will be sure to pass along to our management team for review and corrective action. Thank you again and have a great week.&quot;===========Hello,We did enjoy Chicago and may visit again. I was visiting on business so I am not sure I would stay at your hotel again. Your prices are prohibitive for a personal visit, and I was actually a little surprised at all the extra charges. My husband and I travel extensively and this was our first Swissotel. We were so disappointed to find every amenity was an extra charge. $11.00 for a bottle of water, a gym use charge, and the wireless was charged per laptop! That was truly a first for us. Many families now have multiple laptops and this will be one of my main warnings in my reviews. We stay in Klimpton Hotels, Omni’s, Sofitel’s as well as Hilton’s and Marriott’s and I believe all of them offer complimentary wireless (though some require a free signup for their member services). Even if they don’t offer it in the room, the lobby has complimentary wireless. You can see this is critical for us, and I suspect, for many who travel on a regular basis.The room was nice and large and I assume I was given a handicap room (though we do not have disabilities) because of the conference rate. A heads up by the front desk about this would have been nice, though I suspect this explains the reason the room was so spacious. The tub though did look a little hospital like with the bars and the drippy faucet staining the porcelain. We should have reported the drip, but we were kidding that we might get charged for it :) Some of the concierge staff were abit chilly at times, but the housekeeping service staff were extremely friendly and cheerful. Too bad on several days, they were not able to service the room until late afternoon. Another surprise when we wanted to take at nap at 4:30pm and the room was still not cleaned. We did appreciate the promptness of any requests we made (e.g. wakeup calls, non-allergen pillows, shampoo) That said, we were again surprised that we had to request shampoo! On the second day we finally realized, nope, it wasn’t a mistake, they just don’t provide it. However, as we didn’t bring any extra in our packing, we called and, as noted, it was promptly delivered. I appreciate your follow-up email and hope this feedback is helpful.	
Jul 26 2009 	Poor value for the price	Pros: very comfortable beds, nice rooms, excellent viewsCons: They nickel-and-dime you to death! Parking for hotel guests is $52! That's crazy. There is a $15 fee to use the pool, sauna or fitness center. An order of bacon for breakfast is $9. The mini bar is unheated and a small bottle of water costs $9. There is no mini fridge in the room and the little extras like shampoo bottles and hand soap are miniscule and there are few of them. The tv channels available are fewer than I get at home with basic cable. And there were only two people at the front desk checking in guests. One of them was ignoring guests while she typed on her computer, so there was effectively only one person checking guests in - and this was on a Saturday! He was not particularly gracious. Both of the them seemed slightly annoyed at having to do their job. This is supposed to be an upscale hotel but it is a poor value for the money and definitely not worth the price.	
Jul 23 2009 	A Wonderful Location and View	I stayed at the Swissotel Chicago over 4th of July weekend. What a great place to stay—especially if you are partaking in the city’s festivities. A very short walk brought me to Grant Park where they had fireworks on the 3rd. And afterwards, since the hotel is just slightly off the main drag of Michigan Ave, I was able to retreat quickly back to my room and enjoy the peace and quiet rather than all the noise from everyone walking around. And the view from my room—spectacular! I couldn’t have asked for a more idyllic picture of Chicago right outside my window. The room was quite spacious and very clean. The bed was so comfortable I felt like I was sleeping at home. The hotel was a bit busy during this weekend, but the staff did a great job of helping me with whatever I needed. I would definitely recommend Swissotel as the place to stay when visiting Chicago.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great Hotel but a bit impersonal	Spent 5 days in July at the Swissotel and found the facilities excellent.Our room had a view of Navy Pier and the lake and was comfortable and spacious.The hotel was well situated for exploring and catching buses to various attractions.My only criticism would be that perhaps due to the size of the building and it was busy that staff appeared a bit impersonal. There are numerous excellent eating establishments nearby and its an esay walk to Navy Pier.	
Jul 21 2009 	Clean and quiet hotel	This hotel was in a nice clean and quiet location for us. We were not right smack in the middle of the hustle and bustle which was o.k. for us. We had about a 20 minute walk to Navy Pier and Millenium Park. We had several meals at Fox Obel which is over the River and down about 2 blocks on your right. Their meals were fresh and delicious. The Hotel staff were professional, but the fornt desk was somewhat slow at check in. The Lobby bar does not serve food very late at night and we couldn't find any vending machines for soda or snacks, so stop at a nearby market before going in for the night. We did not even crack open the mini bar because the prices were outragous. We had a view of lake Michigan and the Chicago River. Our room was very comfortable, clean and quiet. We upgraded to a suite so the room was spacious. We did not hear much traffic from the street below. We booked this room through hotwire and got a good price. Park at one of the pay to park areas on the street or one of the public parking lots as the hotel parking is $ 52/day.	
Jul 20 2009 	Outstanding lake and river views but a bit off the beaten track	This hotel is a bit off the beaten track. It's on Wacker Dive between Columbus and Lake Shore Drive. My daughter and I stayed on the 16th floor. It was the July fourth weekend so the hotel was packed. The wait time for the elevators was a bit lengthy. We also had to wait about ten minutes for the baggage clerk to return from wherever it is he was. While we heard nothing from the people in the next room, we heard the elevators constanly until about midnight. It was quiet until about 5:00 A.M, but then the elevators began again in earnest. We did pay for an upgraded room so we had a spectacular view of Lake Michigan, the Chicago River, and Navy Pier. The hotel is within walking distance of Navy Pier but we took a cab to get to the John Hancock building. Also, the 42nd floor has some unexpected autographed jerseys and photos of some famous Chicago athletes. The king size bed was extremely comfortable, and so were the feather pillows and down comforters. The room was very clean and the bathroom was very spacious and well stocked with toilletrees. The concierge was friendly and helpful. We ordered room service for breakfast and were not disappointed. Though it was pretty costly, it was definitely worth it. We had the best scrambled eggs ever, some outstanding bacon, and they actually brought us a toaster so that we could toast our bread in our room. The OJ was freshly squeezed. The potatoes were excellent.	
Jul 16 2009	Would recommend but....	After reading some of the reviews, I will say that I am grateful my father and I did not share some of the horror stories some people had. My father and I were in town for four days from Los Angeles to catch a game at Wrigley Stadium, and the front desk and bar staff were all very friendly and accommodating, providing recommendations to us about the attractions, and transportation services. While we had to dispute some charges on the last day (they charged us for a meal that should have been complimentary and for moving items in the mini-refrigerator to store our own water), they were more than happy to remove the charges and apologized for the inconvenience. The hotel is across the street from the Chicago River and various boat tours, and is about a 15minute walk from Navy Pier. All of the trains, buses, shopping areas, bars, etc. are within walking distance from the hotel or a very short taxi ride away. Also, Giordano's Pizza is five minutes away from the hotel. HIGHLY recommend this fantastic pizza!!Some of the drawbacks were the thin walls and not being able to rest comfortably when others were using the shower in your room or in another room, a very slippery shower after it was cleaned and no vending machines. Also, there were limited television channels and the charges for internet were ridiculous(I stood at a dingy hotel in NY and they had wireless internet service), but one should not go on vacation to surf the net or watch television anyway. Overall, I would recommend this hotel. Can't beat the price and convenience!!	
Jul 14 2009 	More than adequate but nothing special	My college roommate and I try to meet up once or twice a year for a trip and decided to hit Chicago over the July 4th weekend. I found a $99 rate at the Swissotel through Travelzoo so that made booking accomodations an easy choice. The location was super convenient for us...a quick walk to Grant Park for Taste of Chicago and the fireworks, the Art Institute, and nearby L stations to get us everywhere else as we were without a car (for which I was grateful based on the hotel's parking fees). Our room had two full beds which were very comfortable and we liked that we had a shower stall separate from the bath. Everything was very clean in our room...housekeeping took good care of us. The hotel was packed and we did hear quite a bit of noise from other guests but only when they were passing through the hallways...no big deal. What was a problem was the crazy wait time for the elevators. People were lined up halfway through the lobby a few times when we were passing through...luckily we were always on our way out when the lines were that bad so we didn't have to wait too long. Overall, I think the Swissotel is a perfectly nice facility and I feel like we got a good deal but I would never consider paying full price to stay there as you can get the same amenities and service at lower rates elsewhere.	
Jul 12 2009 	Great view from the pool...	Loved this hotel, great view from the pool on the roof, and looked like the fitness centre was well looked after.Breakfast was amazing, good location with good views looking over Navy Pier.	
Jul 12 2009 	Beautiful view!	When we checked in we were offered an upgrade for a room with a view. Since it cost more we declined and had a room on the 16th floor on the side facing away from the river. Our view was just wonderful. It overlooked a park and the new Aqua building. We could also see the marina and the Natural History Museum. The room was very comfortable. We enjoyed the single-serving coffee/tea appliance. We were charged for mini-bar items even though we had only opened the refrigerator to put our own water bottles in to be chilled, so be sure to check your bill before checking out if you do this. The hotel took the false charges off immediately when we mentioned it. The Geneva restaurant had delicious breakfasts.Location was convenient for picking up bus and boat tours and walking to the Navy Pier and the Mag Mile.We were disappointed that the internet service was not free.	
Jul 9 2009 	Worth it if you can get a deal!	We stayed at the Swissotel from July 1 – 5, 2009. We got a superb rate by taking advantage of the hotel’s price match/beat policy and a rate found on Orbitz.com . Our four night stay ended up costing $320 US including taxes. Check-in was smooth. I had called ahead to request a high floor and a view of Grant Park. I had hoped that we could see some of the fireworks on July 3rd from our room (30th floor). I asked the check-in clerk if this would be possible and he said that even from the high floors, there would be obstructed views. The room itself was nice but not spotless. There was garbage under the desk, the capsule in the coffee maker from the previous user was still in the coffee maker, and our bed sheet had a hole in it (about 1” long). Oddly, we weren’t given any shampoo either – just conditioner. There was a container on the bathroom counter meant for cotton balls, swabs, etc. and it was empty for the duration of our stay. Not a huge deal since we use our own toiletries but I expected more for a hotel of this calibre. Surprisingly, we saw the July 3rd fireworks quite clearly from our room – beats having to fight the crowds on street level. And we were able to watch the fireworks over Navy Pier on both Wednesday and Saturday from the window right outside the elevators on our floor. HD TV is a nice touch but analog channels was a bit odd. I needed ice every night to store some drinks we bought at the CVS next door; the hotel ice machines are not on all floors. And no machine had ice on July 4th! Apparently, the hotel was charging $5 for in-room ice delivery that night. (PULEEZE!)From a location perspective, the hotel wasn’t all that centrally located to the Loop or Mag Mile or the train stations. We took the bus (#6 – right @ the corner of Wacker and Columbus) a lot since this was very efficient. There are very little amenities near the hotel – except for the newly opened CVS next door and the Bockwinkels near the Fairmont (on Stetson). It was frustrating to spend a day shopping on Mag Mile, then come back to the hotel to dump off bags, have a shower, and then head back out again to Mag Mile for dinner. The concierge and service line were both just okay. No greeting when you called them (Westin, Hilton, Marriott all greet you by your name when you call) and the service was fine but indifferent. No maps/tourist booklets were readily available. I would give another Swissotel a try in another location but if I returned to Chicago, I would stay elsewhere as location is really important for us. But, for the price we paid, there is very little to complain about!	
Jul 8 2009 	Great Value - Great Location - Don't Expect 5 Star Amenities	We stayed for two nights July 5 &amp; 6 for $139 with breakfast included. Hotel was nice and clean but didn't have the 5 star feel to it. The room was comfortable but small and the double beds were comfortable but only a full size, not queen. The bathroom was updated and nice. We had a great view of the city and the Chicago river. Extra $15 to use the pool/workout room each day. We used it one day but the charge never appeared on our bill.They had free Starbucks coffee in the lobby starting in the afternoon. Easy walk to Navy Pier and all the good shopping. Concierge was always a hit or miss in the lobby. We dumped our rental car and walked everywhere.Don't bother with The Palm Restuarant. WAY Over-rated and expensive. We enjoyed our lunch at Smith and Wolensky much better. Try the Big Bowl restaurant on E. Ohio St. for a very good meal.	
Jul 8 2009 	Stay At This Hotel	This is a lovely hotel in a great location. We were there from 07/03 thru 07/07. It was very busy for the 4th of July weekend (family with 7 kids in next room, Yikes!) and very quiet on Sunday and Monday. The cost is about the same as the Hyatt Regency, one block west, but a much, much better value than the Hyatt. The room was clean at all times. The pictures I've attached are from my cell so they are a little blurry but you'll get the idea. To nitpick, the number of TV channels isn't great and the hallways had debris on the carpet for a few days that should've been cleaned earlier but these are minor items. We would stay here again in a heartbeat. This is a very good value in a great downtown location. Stay at this hotel.	
Jul 7 2009 	score!	I booked the hotel the morning I arrived on hotwire for only $99 a night (july 3rd and 4th). I stayed in room 2418 (two double beds). The room was very nice: comfortable beds, big tv, bathroom with a shower and separate bathtub, nice view towards Grant Park. On the 3rd, I could see the fireworks from my room (one building was in the way). I was disappointed to find out it cost $15 a person to use the pool.Great location in the city. You can walk to most places and it's not too far from the subway.	
Jul 5 2009 	don't trust them	We booked a July 4th stay to watch the fireworks. When I called I told the person at the hotel we were staying there to WATCH THE FIREWORKS. Instead of telling me the fireworks would be at Grant park on that night only and would not be viewable from the hotel at all, he said that an act of god might prevent fireworks viewing. Now to me an act of god is bad weather, not 5 tall buildings blocking the view. I felt misled and cheated. I brought my 80 year old mother there to see Chicagos fireworks and instead saw nothing. The Swissotel really misled me. Instead of a future customer they have a disapointed former guest who will not be back. We spend alot of time in Chicago on weekend trips. It will never be at this hotel again.	
Jun 15 2009 	Much to be desired ...	Stayed at the Swissotel Chicago from June 11th-14th for a long weekend to catch a play and a Cubs game. Had a great time in Chicago, but felt the Swissotel left much to be desired.The Pros: great location, great views (we woke up and fell asleep to views of the ferris wheel at Navy Pier each day), comfortable bed.The Cons: If you drive, do not park at the Swissotel – it is $50.00/day. Park at the East Monroe garage at Millenium Park, it is a 5 minute walk and $23.00/day. The Swissotel also charges $9.95/day for internet access. Not wireless internet, wired internet. Seems if the motel in the ‘burbs can offer free wi-fi the Swissotel can. The worst part was our room – it smelled terribly of smoke. I spoke with the front desk upon check-in to determine how long the hotel had been smoke free, the young lady who admitted she was new said she did not know and found the answer from a colleague. Turns out it had only been a year but it smelled as though it may have only been a week. The woman on the phone said she would send someone up to check it out and no one showed. We waited 2 hours while getting ready and ended up leaving without a follow up from the hotel. After some talking with my wife she reminded me the room was for sleeping and we would not be there for extended periods of time while awake. This is true, but it should not smell like a bar each time I return to the hotel. We were 2 rooms away from the elevators but could hear them clearly. The thermostat seemed broken - the fan would not stay on for periods longer than 10 minutes no matter how high or low you set the temperature.Other Cons: The HD TV is nice, HD channels would be too. The shower leaked everywhere in the bathroom, I needed my towel from the day before. The iron left black streaks on my white shirt – fortunately I always iron shirts inside out. The elevators are also very very slow.	
Jun 14 2009 	A No-Service Operation	We just spent 2 nights at the Swissotel in Chicago for a daughter's graduation. I've stayed in other Swissotels and assumed that this one would be of the same level. I was wrong. The normal and expected amenities such as robes, magnifying mirrors, a morning newspaper and decent toiletries were all missing. Instead we were offered a rude and incompetant staff, amateur and slow valet, over-priced internet, garage and fitness room access charges and an inept business office. Don't think we'll be staying at a Swissotel ever again! The &quot;nickel and diming&quot; business is bad enough in a top tier hotel but this Swissotel feels more like a $350/night Motel 6.	
Jun 5 2009 	Beautiful hotel in great location	Luxury hotel at the mouth of the Chicago river and Lake Michigan. Building is shaped like a triangle and only has about 17 rooms on a floor, so very quiet and no hall noise. Service was excellent (when you called the front desk they addressed you by your name) and housing came as soon as asked. Room was larger than standard, the bed was very comfortable and the bathroom had a tub and separate shower enclosure. Close to the center of the city and an easy walk to the loop, Michigan Avenue and Grant park and the museums. Booked our stay through hotwire and saved about 50% off the rack rate on a weekend when there was a conference with 15,000 MD's in the city center. Only peeve was we were told at check-in that the pool/health club was an extra $15/day per person, and while I like to swim and workout, there is enough to see and do in chicago that I didn't miss it. Also valet parking is $50 a day and you don't need a car if you are there	
May 31 2009 	A great place to stay but becareful of the parking and other charges	Room 1619 was a very nice room, had a great view, beds were soft and very nice to sleep in, TV was very nice, show was very nice, staff was awesome saw to every need I inquired about. $52 a night to park, read very carefully about the room service charges,swimming pool and internet charge in your room, and of course the mini bar. If you don't mind spending the money then the swissotel is the place to go, if you are frougal and don't want to spend alot of money, find a cheaper hotel.	
May 30 2009 	Suite View!	The Swissotel has everything going for it and should be ranked higher. LOCATIONPerfect. It’s right by the Chicago River and it’s proximity to Lake Shore Drive, makes for a quicker cab ride to the Airport or north to Wrigley Field. There are few buildings between the Swissotel and Lake Michigan, making for gorgeous views, yet you are in the heart of it all. The Michigan Avenue bridge is only two blocks away. Grant Park and Navy Pier are also a short walk.ROOMSIf you can swing it, get a corner suite. Because the building is a triangular shape, you get a sweeping view that is absolutely stunning. A lot of windows, but nice light-tight drapes for a good nite sleep. Tasteful modern decor and roomy. The bathroom and bedroom are separated by a good distance. The beds are heavenly. VIEWSFrom a corner suite, you can see the Navy Pier, Millenium Fountain’s hourly water arch across the Chicago River, Lake Michigan &amp; the Harbor, Buckingham Fountain and part of Millenium Park. We were lucky enough to see the 9:30pm fireworks show from our window that are set from Navy Pier on the weekend.STAFFHas that midwestern charm. The bell hops and front desk personnel are very helpful and friendly. I did not hear a peep out of housekeeping who were respectful.MISC.Every third floor has an ice machine. The 9th and 12th Floors for example have ice. The location of the machine is in an isolated room, I’m assuming to drown out the noise. It was a little creepy at night. Guys won’t care, women may feel a little ill at ease, but could certainly call room service. The staff is quite accommodating. In the lobby the hotel offers complimentary water, which may not sound like much, but the ice cold jugs have freshly cut fruit in them such as melon or strawberries. The restaurant in the hotel is “The Palm” which has several locations nationwide and serves up a good steak.If you take a river architecture cruise, the guides will point out the Swissotel as one of architect Harry Weese’s triangle obsessed marvels.I was very impressed with this hotel and its staff. I’m looking forward to more visits in the future and I highly recommend the Swissotel to anyone traveling to Chicago.	
May 21 2009 	Great view clean hotel in a convenient location	I stayed here for a conference in late April 2009. I liked the view from the hotel (river view from the room, but a fabulous lake view from the elevator area). The hotel is shaped like a triangle from the sky, and this strange shape combined with the location of the elevator shafts made many rooms quite noisy. One of my colleagues had to ask to get his room moved at 2 am due to the noise of moving elevators.The beds were comfortable, and I liked having iHome to plug my ipod. While the LCD TV was nice, free channels did not contain any HD broadcast, and we all know how painful it is to watch SD broadcaston a HDTV. They also charge to use the fitness center, which seems quite outrageous. I also paid for the wifi access.	
May 18 2009 	Exceptional View and Fabulous Service	I stay here frequently, due to business travel. They have demonstrated a wonderful ability to deliver consistent service and go above and beyond. The views are remarkable!The management is amazing and looks to make any/all accommodations and truly create a 'home away from home'.Also, enjoy their in room amenities, workout room, pool, and lobby bar.	
May 13 2009 	Great view nice location one of our best stays in Chicago!	We booked this via travelzoo and got an amazing rate. We came to Chicago for my graduation. The view from the pool area is to die for, almost 180 degrees of the city from the 42 floor. The view from the rooms is of the river and city, Lake Michigan or of Millennium Park. The rooms were great, the staff was excellent. The gentleman who was the doorman is very much in charge and does an awesome job. I only had one minor complaint and that was the hot tub was not working and was out of order. Normally I would not say anything about this, but here you have to pay extra to us the pool, and work out area. I don’t think it would be easy to walk to Navy Pier, but it could be done. Very close to everything, or the front staff will hail a cab for you.	
May 12 2009	A Perfect Vacation	Disclaimer: I am not a world traveler…I’m not even a regular traveler. I might take one trip per year and that one trip is usually just to visit family out of state. I am not rich. I am just an elementary school secretary who still lives at home with her retired parents. I have stayed in a 4-star hotel just once (Intercontinental Chicago, June 2008) and am more accustomed to Country Inn and Suites and the Holiday Inn. I don’t have granite or marble in my home or other new amenities. That being said, please go ahead and read my review of the Swissotel Chicago, a 4-star hotel. :~} If you’re not wealthy or snobby (or both), you too may fall in love with what the Swissotel has to offer.I planned this trip as a surprise 65th birthday/Mother’s Day present for my mom. I knew she would love a view of Lake Michigan and the Swissotel offered that. I also knew she would love Navy Pier and the Swissotel was very close to Navy Pier as well. I booked a fabulous package at Priceline for hotel and airfare that couldn’t be beat. I called the hotel to confirm a few days before we left and assumed because they knew I didn’t book directly with them they would treat us differently (as has been hinted at in many reviews on this site), but that wasn’t the case. The first young lady I spoke with on the phone was very kind and told me they had us booked in a Classic Lakeview King. I was over the moon about that because again, based on some reviews here I thought I’d have to beg and plead to get an upgrade and then face being mistreated by snobby hotel personnel.When we arrived at the hotel on Friday, May 8th (Mom’s Birthday) we were greeted by a valet (?) who opened the taxi door and helped us out and carried our bags to a cart waiting just inside. He was very, very pleasant and courteous. *Mom and I were traveling in jeans, sneakers and t-shirts, by the way. We didn’t have to wait at the front desk to be waited on. It was just after 1PM and I just KNEW (based on reviews here) that we would have to stow our luggage and sit around for 2 hours until 3PM. Not so. The young lady who checked us in (I wish I’d gotten her name) was very pleasant and got started checking us in…she asked if we’d prefer 2 double beds as opposed to the King. I said, “Well, we’re mother and daughter, if a King is what you have, that’s okay with us. We’re here to celebrate her 65th birthday so as long as we have a view, it’ll be great.” She asked me if we had a problem with heights. I said no. She typed some more, asked for my credit card (for “incidentals”), and handed us our keys. My mouth was hanging open because I couldn’t believe she was actually letting us check in (again, because apparently all of the people who post negative reviews haven’t been allowed to check in early).She assured us the doorman/valet would bring our bags to the room and we actually met him at the elevator. This time it was a different gentleman from the one who helped us out of the taxi, but he was just as pleasant (Gil, I believe is his name). He got our heavy bags inside, showed us around the room, explained about room service, etc., asked if we needed anything else and left. We did tip him, as well as the man who helped us out of the taxi. Oh, we were on the 40th floor, room 4003.We jumped around the room because of the awesome view, some pictures of which I’m sure you’ve seen on other reviews. The bathroom was immaculate. Marble everywhere, I suppose. Nice sized counter, plenty of space for Mom’s and my doo-dads. Separate tub and glass frameless shower, which was a great size (Mom and I are both big women and we each had plenty of room to move around in the bathroom). The toilet was not an “industrial” toilet by any means. There were bottles of shampoo, conditioner, body wash and body lotion in the shower and on the sink/counter. There was a tiny silver urn on the sink counter with a packet of cotton swabs and a little box with a shower cap. On the half wall between the toilet and the tub there was a little drawstring cloth bag with a blow dryer in it, a little packet with an emery board and a Swissotel embroidered shoe shine cloth. There was an extra roll of toilet paper on the back of the toilet covered in a pretty silver mesh decorative thingamajig. Also, there was a dispenser of some kind next to the toilet paper roll and I tugged at it thinking I was pulling out a tissue, but it was a teensy little plastic bag, I suppose for female sanitary disposal. How cool is that?The room itself was very spacious. Again, we’re not small thin women and we had plenty of room. It was a room with two double beds, a nightstand between them, that nice large dresser/office workspace combo, leather “ergonomic” chair (very comfy) and a nice, squashy armchair by another table near the huge window. The closet was spacious and had two soft Swissotel robes hanging up along with the usual wooden closet hangers and two or three soft, satiny hangers for your better clothing items, I suppose. There was an ironing board and iron and a classic black umbrella! We were like, “An umbrella?” And of course it did rain for a little while during the evening, so that was perfect.Thanks to some other reviews I knew to look out for the minibar, so we didn’t even touch that. We assumed it was the largest “drawer” on the left of that entire unit and we never went near it. We got ice at the machine down the hall and bought water, soda, and snacks from the Walgreens on Michigan Avenue. There were two smaller bottles of water and two glasses sitting out next to the TV with a welcome note of some sort (pre-printed). We assumed those two bottles were complimentary and consumed them. I was not charged for them either. There is a folded white card inside the cubby on that piece of furniture (desk/table) that clearly states if you move anything in the minibar it is electronically noted by weight and yes, you will be charged a restocking fee for doing that. We may be hicks, but at least we can read, ya know? We also didn’t touch the coffee and there was a little machine on the desk/table.We basically kept the TV tuned to the Weather Channel and ESPN the entire weekend. So whether or not there was anything “good” on TV wasn’t an issue. We didn’t travel all the way to Chicago to sit in the hotel and watch TV, kwim? There was an iPod radio/docking station, but I don’t have an iPod so I couldn’t be too enthused, but it’s nice to know it’s there for next time.Now, as I mentioned earlier, I am not rich, wealthy, or anything like that. I live paycheck to paycheck, but if you’re going to visit a 4-star hotel then don’t expect to get off cheaply. There’s a reason why it’s not the Holiday Inn and I’m assuming you stay there because of the amenities they offer and the service and location and views afforded and so no, you’re not going to pay corner diner prices at an upscale hotel. Why would you even think that? In any case, I had allotted approximately $150 for “food” for 4 days/3 nights. Mom didn’t want to walk too far at night, so after leaving Navy Pier (we’d gotten walking directions from the Concierge at the double desk) we came back to the room and I ordered room service for just the second time in my life. Yes, the prices are very high compared to your average restaurant, so if you frequent Burger King or even someplace like Red Robin, you’re going to pay a lot more for similar items. But that’s the whole point of staying in a swanky hotel…at least to me. So I paid $42 and some change for a bowl of Potato Leek soup (which was sooooo good!), the largest and best tasting grilled cheese sandwich I’ve ever had, French fries and ginger ale. But the presentation was awesome and the food was so good and not having to walk in the dark at night and scare my mother or pay for a taxi or bus, but sit around and eat comfortably in my pajamas was well worth the cost to me. We ordered twice more (for breakfast) and the cost was the same basically. But the service just can’t be beat. They even sent up a freaking TOASTER with our breakfast so we could toast our English Muffins!!! They sent a little pitcher of cream and little bowl of brown sugar for my Cream of Wheat and I didn’t even ask for it!! Oh, on Friday evening when we got in from Navy Pier there was a pretty little cake on the table that said, “Happy Birthday!” We immediately thought my dad or brother had called and ordered it, but upon calling the Concierge and the Front Desk, I discovered that one of the managers, Jenny, had overheard me at the front desk when we checked in and had it sent up!!! I was like, “OMG!” Then we thought, “Are they going to charge us for that?” But they didn’t! And there were also no mysterious spa/fitness center or pool charges, which we didn’t use. We used the business center computers twice to check our bank accounts (hahahaha) and to check in for our flight home on Monday, May 11th, and that was free as well.All in all this was the best weekend ever. EVERYONE was so nice. Not one hotel employee was rude or unkind to us. No one looked down on us for booking through Priceline. No one treated us any differently because we were dressed in jeans and sweaters (it was SO COLD this weekend!). There were no mechanical malfunctions in our room or bathroom. And I felt as though I harassed the poor Concierge (John, I think?) asking all sorts of questions all the time. But everyone was so attentive and kind. You come to a place like Trip Advisor and it’s so, so hard to tell fact from fiction or even to tell whether or not someone was having a bad day when they arrived or left or whether or not a guest was rude him/herself and thus caused the hotel staff to be standoffish or what. While we were there I would have to say I saw one or two people/guests who were less than polite to the hotel staff. If you walk in feeling entitled with your nose up in the air like they owe you something, then I daresay you might find something to squawk about, but the hotel staff I encountered doesn’t sound anything like the staff some reviewers have mentioned. We were never up in time to have our room cleaned, but each time I called for towels they were sent right away. We never had to sit around waiting once we called and asked for towels or toilet paper, etc. *And there IS a little note next to the bed on a light green 3-D folded triangle thing that says the Swissotel is trying to be “green” so to speak and that if you wanted to help out to please reuse your towels, but if you did want NEW towels to put the old ones in the tub or on the floor. I suppose if the other reviewer had read that, he/she would have known not to leave the wet towels hanging up…that meant he/she wanted to keep them based on their green policy. I wasn’t trying to be green or wasteful, but when I wanted new towels I simply asked for them. Quite simple, really.Lastly, the beds are JUST as comfortable as previous reviewers have mentioned. We literally did not want to get out of bed each day. I become overheated in a lot of bedding, so while it was very comfy, I did tend to just kick off the duvet and was fine. *Another note: This is the first hotel bathroom I’ve been in where no matter how steamy it becomes in the shower, you get out and you don’t feel like you’re in a sauna. I don’t know how they managed that, but there was no rubbing off of the mirror to clear the fog and no sense of still standing in the steamy shower while you’re trying to dry off. Also, I now know that if I ever buy a house I do not want a rain shower head…it looks pretty and trendy, but I wasn’t in love with the flow of water especially as it relates to washing my hair, but it wasn’t a “negative”, just a taste preference.I highly recommend the Swissotel for the location, the view and yes, even the cost (if you can find a great deal!). I felt completely pampered the entire weekend and kept telling Mom, “We deserve this treat!” We are already planning to return to Chicago to see more of the city and I will NOT stay anywhere else except for the Swissotel…and hopefully we’ll have the same fabulous view of Lake Michigan, the John Hancock Observatory and Navy Pier.Thanks to the management and staff for our fabulous weekend. Mom said it was the best birthday present she's ever had!!!	
May 11 2009 	I think they're on a budget	For a four or five star hotel, was not overly impressed. Room had coffee but no coffee machine...phone call fixed that. Shower leaked at the base like the Lincoln tunnel and followed the hose on the way down...shooting out the side of the bathtub onto the floor...lot of rejigging after learning the lesson of not putting clothes on the floor. Inner shower was yicky yellow vinyl thing and was hard to close as the rings that supported it were too small for pole. Most frustrating thing was replenishing of supplies. Shampoo(actually nothing was labelled shampoo, only body-wash) was only changed when completely emptied. Creamer/sugar for coffee was only changed when both had been used. Towels were left hanging in washroom after they had been used. Add to this expensive internet ($10 a day) outrageous parking rates (we didn't use..$50 a day) and there isn't a lot that will draw me back. Great location, but everything is expensive and &quot; a la carte&quot; including pool, fitness. For me, if you're going to gouge me for things that are free at most places, it's unlikely I come back.	
May 4 2009 	Great Stay	My husband and I came up for the weekend and had a great time. The hotel was beautiful, clean, and the staff was wonderful. The room was nice and clean as well and we will definetly return if the price is right (88.00 on hotwire.com). The only complaint I would have is that the room walls were not very insulated and we could hear the overly loud people in the room next door. However I called the front desk to complain and they sent security right up and we didn't hear anything the rest of the night. This is close to many of the great attractions and was within walking distance of everything. Great views to boot!!!	
May 3 2009 	Nice refurbishment but bring your credit card!	I've stayed at the Swissotel for several years whilst on business in Chicago - staying there on average 3 to 4 times a year. The location of the hotel is perfect for shopping and local bars/restaurants on the golden mile, and views from most rooms very good. The hotel has recently undergone a refurbishment to both bedrooms and lobby area. The bedrooms have been modernised and feature a large flat-screen tv, however I couldn't get mine to work....it turned out the wrong remote had been supplied!! This problem was subsequently rectified and the remote replaced. Ordering soup on room service will set you back around $20 +, with the tray charge, service charge and taxes making up the bulk of it. With the refurbishment of the lobby, the hotel have done away with the lobby gift shop. As I arrived very late in the evening after a long journey, I was tempted by the mini-bar and had a chocolate bar (snickers) which came to $5.22!!! For the location and comfort of the new rooms, this is the perfect hotel, however come armed with your credit card as they appear to be funding the refurbishment through room service and mini bar charges, not to mention the room rates.....	
May 3 2009 	Overall great experience	We found a promotional deal so our rate was fantastic. The location and the room were perfect for my wife and I. Some nice extras and the staff was very professional and most helpful. Great pool and gym, though it was extra, because of our rate I assume. Great views to the river and the lake. Can't comment on the restaurants, but there is plenty within walking distance.	
Apr 29 2009 	Outstanding hotel staff	Although my stay was only 2 nights/3 days, I have stayed at the Swissotel on business in the past. I compliment the hotel staff on their professionalism, their friendliness and their attention to detail. My room was spotless at check-in and maintained that way throughout. The business center attendant worked above and beyond to help me and my colleague with printing and faxes documents for work. The concierge (there were 2) staff was helpful and steered us in the direction of a great restaurant we could walk to. The location is good as there are numerous restaurants and businesses nearby...no taxi necessary if you like to walk. I would definitely recommend the hotel to anyone. Although I didn't use the fitness center this time, I did use it in my prior stay. I agree with other reviewers that the use of this center should be at no additional charge.Overall, excellent stay and beautiful hotel.	
Apr 29 2009 	Elegant and competent	I stayed at the Swissotel for the first time Apr 20 – 22 to attend the Tripp Lite conference in Chicago, along with 2 of my customers from Florida. The several staff folks with whom I interacted were all lovely, including day &amp; night front desk, concierge, doorman, bartenders and restaurant servers. They each deserve extra points for expressing the old-fashioned courtesy “It’s my pleasure” instead of the ever-popular &amp; somewhat puzzling “No problem”. We appreciated the elegant service and manner of the staff. Just a few examples: The deskman went out of his way to change the effective date on a courtesy breakfast voucher to accommodate my agenda. Instead of directing me to an &quot;office room&quot; where I could print my boading pass, the concerierge executed the process with a flouish within 60 seconds, expressing pleasure for being able to do so. Where other hotel staff have sometimes acted &quot;put out&quot; for being asked to board our luggage after checkout while we amused ourselves until flight time, Swissotel staff were charming and kind about taking it off our hands. Excellent experience. I recommend Swissotel!	
Apr 24 2009 	Very impressed with rooms and view!	My boyfriend and I were amazed by the breathtaking view of Lake Michigan! We are from Texas so the view of the city was very important to us.We had no problems at this hotel... rooms, service, location were top notch.	
Apr 23 2009	My favorite hotel in Chicago is the Swissotel	I travel frequently to Chicago for business and theSwissotel is my favorite place to stay. It is within walking distance from most of the major attractions and shopping in Chicago. The staff is always cheerful and helpful upon arrival and during my stay. They respond quickly to any questions or requests. They have just recently upgraded the hotel rooms and they are wonderful. They have incredible views of the lake and the river. It is especially wonderful to be there on an evening when they do fireworks on the lake and you can enjoy them from your room. The rooms are bright and airy with wonderful beds and bedding. The health club has also been newly upgraded. I would recommend this hotel highly!	
Apr 22 2009 	Great views accomodations and people	The Swissotel is little different than the standard big name chain hotels! You will find the Swiss in Chicago a friendly place with great views of Navy Pier, Lake Michigan and the city. The staff is more than accomadating and will take care of any need you might have. When visiting Chicago give the Swiss a chance to take care of you and they will!	
Apr 21 2009 	A Wonderful Experience All the Way Around!!	I stayed at the Swissotel Chicago for a few days on business. From check-in to check-out it was one of the best hotel experiences I've ever had. The staff was very friendly. Everyone said hello as you walked through the lobby and public areas. The front desk took the time to recommend local restaurants and gave me directions to help me on my way. I stayed in a corner suite and was completely blown away by the tremendous views from my room. I could see the city, the river, Navy Pier and Lake Michigan. The room was incredible. A sleek decor with all the comforts a girl could ask for––two bathrooms, tons of toiletries and even a much needed nail file to mend a broken nail before a meeting! I went downstairs to Geneva for breakfast and enjoyed a delicious serving of French toast which arrived in minutes. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago––for business or pleasure. The ideal location (just minutes to the Navy Pier and 3 stop lights to the Magnificent Mile) coupled with great service and beautiful rooms makes for a wonder stay.	
Apr 15 2009 	Bed bugs!	Great hotel, except for one thing: I came back with 30 bed bug bites on my left leg. Stayed in room 1601 (I think -- might have been 1602), in April 2009. I have no idea if the problem extends beyond one room or not. But be careful in any case -- bed bugs are a growing problem.	
Apr 14 2009 	Beautiful place to stay	Very pretty rooms with an European flair. We had a great view of the river, and could walk to everything. We said 'wow' when we opened up the curtains. The prices in the restaurant were extremely high however.	
Apr 1 2009 	Wonderful lake views clean classic hotel	The hotel was a 5-10 minute walk from the Magnificent Mile and offered superb lake views. We stayed in a standard room which was clean and well-stocked. The concierge was very helpful and directed us to all the tourist sites we wanted to visit. We were able to get a good deal on the hotel so it was worth the money but if we had to pay full price, we would have wanted to stay somewhere closer to the Magnificent Mile as Chicago winters can be bitterly cold as we witnessed firsthand!	
Mar 30 2009 	Fabulous views; Amazing service!	Planned a girls weekend at Swissotel, Chicago. Could not have been more perfect! Great views, location, top notch service. Staff was friendly and accomodating. Would go back for another girls weekend, romantic getaway or with the kids--can't wait!	
Mar 24 2009 	Not exactly a perfect match for ME but a nice hotel	The location required A LOT of walking for me and my girlfriend, who as a rule do not generally take taxis. That is really my only complaint. I would park elsewhere, as the parking there is $49.00 per day. Millenium Parking garage is 23.00 per day and easily accesable. I was very impressed with the pool, hot tub, work out facility with incerdible views at the 42nd floor. Dont even OPEN the mini fridge in your room. Just don't open it. PERIOD. No major complaints though, aside from the location. Very nice staff, who was friendly and helpful.	
Mar 16 2009 	Great stay excellent housekeeping service	We were able to get an excellent rate for this hotel, only $95 per night through a winter promotion, which was well worth it. One thing that really impressed us was the excellent housekeeping service. We stayed 3 nights and each day they cleaned our room they went above and beyond anything we had previously experienced: lining up our shoes, hanging all our coats, &amp; more. Room was very nice, updated and modern with artwork from Chicago and a great view. Only thing that I would like to see changed is the elimination of the $15 per night fee to use the spa and fitness center, as I feel this should be included.	
Mar 10 2009 	Beautiful view and excellent location	This was my first trip to Chicago and although it was a business trip, I had some time to walk around. The hotel was terrific. I had a room on the 28th floor with a spectacular view of the lake and the navy pier. It was even prettier at night when it was lit up. The bed was a king size and very comfortable. The flat screen TV and coffee maker were great too. The bathroom was very modern with a glass enclosed shower seperate from the tub. The location of this hotel was good because Michigan Ave was a shor t walking distance away and there are great shops and restaurants there. We had dinner on the top (95th floor) of the John Hancock building in the Signature Room. The food was delicious and the view was fabulous. I would definitely go back to Chicago to spend some time on my own. I understand they have great Italian restaurants and many great pizzerias.	
Mar 9 2009 	Fancy hotels are not fancy	Why is it that a $69 motel serves free breakfasts, turns on the TV when you push power on the remote and has free internet service.	
Mar 6 2009 	The Bed saved this hotel	We booked this hotel via Travelzoo.com for a great rate, 109.00 total. I always research reviews on TripAdvisor before I book and overall the ratings for this hotel were wonderful. Therefore, I was quite confident about the quality of the hotel when I decided to book. When we finally arrived there was only two people checking in guests. When we finally got to the room, although clean, nothing worked e.g. telephone, coffee maker or television. The housekeeper left the wrong television remote and we had to call from the bathroom to send up a new one. When we showered (didn't use the bathtub because it was quite dirty looking) the water leaked onto the floor near the toliet were my husband slipped an nearly broke his face!! Overall the stay was not what I expected. Also, the cost of parking was outrageous and they charge you for opening/storing items in the refridgerator. However, the bed, WAS AMAZING!!! Very comfortable and clean.	
Mar 4 2009 	Still a great place to stay for romance but some changes....	My husband and I are very devoted to the Swissotel Chicago. We usually go there for a long weekend twice a year and try to book a nicer corner room. The staff is always very helpful (particularly the concierge, Yvonne), the hotel is extremely clean and in a great location (the Loop is south; the Magnificent Mile is north; Navy Pier is east and all within walking distance). However, if you are a frequent visitor to the Swiss, please note some changes, I suspect, due to the economy and the need for the Swiss to tighten up : no more bathrobes in corner rooms/suites; coffee service in room is parred way down; the buffet offered in the cafe is not as bountiful, although the cafe staff is inpeccable and extremely gracious and will bring you what you wish; check in staff not at all eager to upgrade you, even though you may be a frequent visitor. We would still stay there, but if you are used to a certain level at the Swiss, just be aware of the changes. (p.s.this is not a change, but be aware that parking is very expensive-$40 a DAY!)	
Feb 17 2009 	Realistic Review	Just spent 2 nights at the Swissotel. Very nice hotel in nice area of Chicago. It is handy if sightseeing the Navy Pier, Soldier Field, Shedd Aquarium, etc.My room was very clean, very comfortable, awesome view, bed was terrific. 32&quot; flat screen tv, totally awesome!! Things you need to know are as such. Mini bar prices and all restaurants in hotel are very expensive. So if you are on a budget, go down the block a little ways and eat at Subway, Houlihans, etc.Parking is 49.00 a night, I parked nearby for 32.00 a day. Check in was not exactly fast, only 2 attendants. It was Saturday night, Feb 14th, Valentine's Day, I would have thought there would have been more people on front desk duty.The workout room was awesome, pool was nice, shower area was tremendous. This area of hotel could not have been better.The views around the hotel are wonderful, especially at night. I would definitely stay here anytime I would be in Chicago.	
Feb 17 2009 	Very Enjoyable	My husband &amp; I stayed here for Valentines day. He was sweet enough to book the Romance in the City package. Beware if you book this. To start, he booked the package well in advance, and a couple of days before Valentines they raised the price. We checked in and got to our room, my husband noticed the champagne and chocolate covered strawberries were not in the room. So he called to the front desk and said we did not get the package because did not pay their new rate. My husband was smart enough to have a print out of what he paid for, stating it was the Romance in the City package. So the front desk apologized and said they would honor it. We did get the champagne and strawberries. We called at night to find out how to get the breakfast offer. The person at the front desk said for room service to fill out the menu or go to the Palm restaurant and they would bill it to our room. Well I called back to the frontdesk because we did not have a menu and no one answered, I called 3 times, and I know it was not busy because it was almost 3 in the morning. So my husband called back around 7:30 and they said we needed a voucher and mentioned nothing of room service, we did get the voucher and enjoyed a very good breakfast buffet in their 2nd restaurant, not the Palm like we were toldWhen we were checking out we asked why we got charged for the pool when it states the package comes with it and it says in their books in the room that its free. The frontdesk agent said the policy changed as of January 2009. And the did not even offer to refund us. It was a beautiful room on the 25th floor and overall it was a very enjoyable and romantic weekend, the pool and fitness center was great and the views are amazing!! But if you book a package, beware!! They will rip you off!!!!!	
Feb 16 2009 	Loved the View	Beautiful hotel, nice and quiet, gorgeous views, great location. If you get a lake view room, Navy Pier is lit up at night and fabulous. The view from the 42nd floor (health club/pool) is remarkable! First night I was there the internet would not work in my room, but the hotel engineer went out of his way to fix the problem, kept me updated on his progress, and when he found it could not be fixed, he made arrangements to get me moved into another room. He gets an excellent rating. Housekeeping on my floor gets a poor rating. Mine was an extended stay, and while the room was clean, I had to chase down the maid to get simple toiletries and coffee refills, every single day. When I finally called the front desk and complained, the week-end maid made sure everything got refilled, but when the weekday maid came back, it was the same thing all over again. Melted soap left in the shower and not replaced, empty shampoo and conditioner bottles put back in the shower, and forget about getting any more body lotion from the weekday maid. Not sure why hotels don't seem to understand that their guests opinion of the hotel is influenced more by housekeeping services than it is by how ornate the lobby decor is. Two other things. Website advertises that hotel has a pool, but does not inform you they charge an extra $16.20/day just to use it.The hotel is connected underground to the Hyatt Regency, and these underground ped-ways will also take you to Michigan Ave. Very nice if you are staying in the winter, although the doors back into the Swissotel lock at 5:00 p.m. so you have to face that Lake Michigan wind at night.	
Feb 15 2009 	Great room great location great views!	Spent the night for Valentine's day....loved the hotel, great room on 34th floor with an outstanding city/lake view. Lots of places to eat within walking distance. Small complaint--my husband didn't think the concierge was very friendly....although he did provide him with the information that he requested. We walked out the door at 6:30 p.m. and enjoyed the great firework display that Chicago is doing on Saturdays in February. Would love to go back when it is warmer.	
Jan 1 2009 	Charged for opening refrigerator	Had a beautiful room on the 6th floor which had a view of Navy Pier and the New Years Eve Fireworks. Just perfect! BUT.... beware of the 22.00 charge on your bill for just opening the door of the refrigerator. We brought our own snacks for the evening and put our champagne and O.J. in the refrig. Had we not looked over the bill, we would not have known of this charge. They took it off the bill when asked about it, but how many folks don't really look at the extras added on? Especially when we knew there would be charges of movies that we had ordered. We were told there is a sensor that computes this on to your bill when the door is opened. It assumes you helped yourself to the expensive goodies in there. Enjoy this fantastic Hotel, but beware of the false charges.Mommy Dearest	
Dec 22 2008 	Yet another great stay	Again I had the pleasure of staying at the Swissotel Chicago. Again, everything was perfect. Efficient &amp; polite staff, exceptionally clean room. And that bed .... HEAVEN! It's worth staying there for the comfort of the bed alone. Highly recommended	
Dec 13 2008 	anytime again	a great hotel, we used the CTA the 2 days we were in Chicago and it is great, that the Line 6 stops nearly in front of the hotel. So we did not need any taxi and traveled from Midway to the city and to Ohare for 9$ and we used the buses alot (freezing cold).The hotel itself is great, very clean rooms, realy on of the best bathrooms i ever had. Staff very friendly, they even found me out were i can get Timerland shoes.... and she was right i got them in one place she told me... thats service...I also was having a look to the gym room and the swimming pool area, did not use it and I do not know if it would have been included in the room price....but realy a nice view makes running easyer....	
Dec 9 2008 	A Wonderful Weekend	My husband and I traveled to Chicago for a long weekend in early December and found an amazing deal at Swissotel, as part of their winter getaway specials. The hotel itself was excellent - a very comfortable lobby, incredibly helpful front desk personnel, and an amazing room. We were on the 35th story, looking toward Millennium Park, and we could see the Field Museum and Soldier's Field in the distance, as well as the edge of Lake Michigan (I believe this was called a &quot;city view&quot;). The room was immaculate, with an incredibly comfortable bed (with down comforter, of course, thanks to the European chain) and a beautiful remodeled bathroom. The location was nice- it was a very nice area and not in the middle of busy downtown, but only two blocks from Michigan Avenue. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Chicago, especially if they are having another great discount.	
Nov 29 2008	Very Swanky!	Great hotel, wonderful and friendly staff, great location, fantastic view.The bathroom was drenched in marble (as one should expect), the towels were top notch, the robes were a pleasure to wear and the bed was extremely comfortable.HOWEVER...parking was $49 a night! This is ridiculously high for downtown Chicago. Though I live in Seattle now, I moved from Chicago just 8 months ago, so I know what parking should be for a day. $49 is about $20 too much. We parked about half a mile away and paid $25 a day.Additionally, if you wanted a refrigerator, they charged $50. A hotel of this caliber should simply provide the refrigerator at no additional cost.Beyond these two oddities, we had a great stay.	
Nov 26 2008 	Swissotel Excellent	Stayed 2 nights on business. Located on the western edge of extensive high rise building area, 1 long block east of the large Hyatt on East Wacker Drive. Large well decorated and lighted room with modern style. Internet service worked fine with a $10 daily charge. Individual coffee maker in room didn't work. Didn't use any of the restaurants, valet and the like, but expect they are all expense account priced as noted by others. CTA Bus 6 northbound on Michigan Avenue loops around onto Wacker Drive and stops in front of Hyatt. For self catering types, Bockwinkels is a well stocked mini grocery 2 blocks south and 1 block east on street level for snacks, drinks and all kinds of deli prepared foods, plus the Aon Center's underground food court 2 blocks south and 2.5 blocks east offer self catering options (Au Bon Pain, Starbucks, etc) without going too far afield. I saw only one standalone restaurant in the immediate area. Be prepared to walk across Michigan onto Wacker, or west across the Chicago River on Michigan for 10 minutes or so to have many dining or drinking options. Note to walkers during Chicago's winter - this section of Wacker Drive on the Chicago River gets the full force of Chicago's famous wind, so don't forget hats, gloves and serious overcoats if you're on foot or waiting for Bus #6.	
Nov 25 2008 	A+ for Swissotel	Welcoming and friendly staff! We had a great room on the 10th floor that had a view of the Navy Pier and the Magnificent Mile; was perfect for the festival of lights parade and fireworks. Great location for shopping and dining; everything is in walking distance.The room was great and exceeded our expectations. VERY clean!! Separate shower and tub, hair dryer, iron and even robes.Valet parking was convenient and they charge $50 per 24 hours. We were told that valet was the only option however there are other parking garages close by, but we didn't want to have to tote our luggage a city block.Workout rooms were awesome...plenty of machines and a great view of the city. Pool was nice and the water was warm. Locker rooms were clean and had a sauna.Gift shop was even great. Very nice cashier and prices were quite inexpensive.Beware that the elevator line gets quite long during busy periods even though there are 6 lifts, but lines do move quickly.	
Nov 16 2008 	comfortable	Hotel 5 minutes walk from the start of the magnificent mile shopping street so a really good location. Our room, on the 35th floor, looked out onto the Lake and Navy pier.Rooms large with a huge flat screen T.V, big comfy bed, bath and a seperate shower cubicle in the bathroom with lots of towels, dressing gown,hair dryer, good supply of soap/shampoo etc.Coffee machine which was high tech,(it took a while to figure out how to use it) with individual coffee capsules (like an espresso machine).We found the staff very pleasant and helpful. Breakfast was a bit disappointing though, cold plates to put your hot breakfast on!!, staff very slow to offer coffee &amp; clear tables, and the cream on our table was off so had to ask for replacement, but in a nice tranquil setting with a good selection of fruits, cereals, pastries. Room service was extortionate though, very very expensive, so we didnt bother, as food outlets a few minutes walk away.There is a gym, although i didn't use, but i think they charge for it too.Busy bar just off the lobby.I did have problems a couple of times with my keycard which wouldn't let me in the room, but hey, that can happen anywhere! Overall, lovely hotel, fab location.	
Nov 15 2008 	Excellent Location	We stayed at the Swissotel after finding an excellent fall rate on TravelZoo, and we're glad we did. The location is central to Millenium Park, Magnificent Mile, and the Loop, and has excellent views of the lake and Navy Pier. This is an excellent place to stay for travelers wishing to spend a lot of time walking around downtown Chicago and visiting the city. (You will need to walk a number of blocks to get to a subway station, but nothing unusual. Taxis also wait outside the hotel.)Our two double beds were very comfortable. Roomy bathroom with no cleanliness issues. Hotel staff were excellent in providing us assistance when needed. We were two young people visiting as tourists, and didn't get the snooty vibe that a few other reviewers say they experienced.I would definitely return -- in particular if we were offered the promotion again. Use caution when attempting to email the hotel -- the web form didn't work and when I emailed the manager after the stay to let him know, I never heard back. The constant threat of additional fees (the minibar, which use automatic sensors to charge when something's been removed; Internet; health club; parking; $24 for continental breakfast; etc.) could also be improved, but we didn't find any undue charges on our bill. Check-in and check-out was a breeze. We also appreciated the relatively late check-out time (noon).	
Nov 10 2008 	Spectacular views comfy beds	My husband, 6 year old son and I stayed here while visiting family in Chicago, and it got rave reviews from all. Comfy beds, amazing view (even in our budget priced room, we saw the Chicago River and Michigan Avenue), and nice in-room amenities made the visit. We loved the Keurig coffeemaker, the iPod dock, the easily-accessible jack to plug in our DVD player, the sparkly clean bedding, the plush robes. Another nice amenity for us the kids' table for young ones to wait while parents check in. Great staff -we needed extra towels one morning and someone arrived within 5 minutes. There was a great pool that we didn't even get to enjoy. Maybe next time.It's convenient to museums, shopping, and great restaurants. We enjoyed West Egg Cafe on Fairbanks for two breakfasts and recommend that as well. All in all, highly recommended and much enjoyed. Special thanks to the Trip Advisor members who recommended the on street parking (just east of the hotel, and free overnight), and Bockwinkels grocery store on Columbus for snacks and drinks. We got a tremendous rate from TravelZoo, which made it all the better. Valet parking is a breathtaking $49 a night but we managed to avoid that with the street parking.	
Nov 4 2008 	Very Nice	We have just returned home from a weekend in Chicago. Ihave to say our stay was awesome! The hotel was nicer than expected. The staff was friendly, courtious, and helpful. The location was excellent close to busline navy pier and boat tours. Two blocks to mag mile and lots of shopping. Will definitely stay here again!!!	
Oct 27 2008 	Great Location horrible staff	Hotel is excellently located to Magnificent Mile (5 mins walk), Navy Pier &amp; Theatre district (15 mins walk). Rooms are good quality and clean, what you would expect from a four star business hotel. Gym is very well equipped (for a fee).Front Desk Staff were shockingly bad. Very unwelcoming and seemed like they did not want to be there. Concierge staff were snooty and were not very helpful. We were overcharged by $27 on a couple club sandwiches and drinks we ordered from room service. I would only stay at this hotel again if the room rate was really low.	
Oct 22 2008 	Breathtaking - Breautiful - Luxurious	My stay at this hotel was a great experience. The rooms are large, the view was wonderful overlooking Navy Pier. The bar had great drink selections, but was very expensive. Same for the restaurant onsite. There were nearby restaurants you could go to to save some money.The bedding &amp; bath towels were wonderful. The bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever been in. The talking elevator was fun (a womans voice called out the floor numbers). The staff was very friendly. The room was very quiet, making it very easy to sleep. No meals were included. The pool was free to use, however the exercise room did have a fee. There were plenty of towels available for use at the pool.You could always find a taxi - they would wait outside the hotel ready for you!I would recommend this as a perfect location - inbetween great hot spots with a wonderful view and a very luxious feel.	
Oct 15 2008 	Class Act!!	We enjoyed our stay at the Swiss. The staff was helpful and very polite and friendly. The room was great with a beautiful view of the lake and Navy Pier. Our train back to N.Y. was canceled due to flooding of tracks so we called the hotel from Union station and they gave us a room at a discounted price. I would book Swiss again and highly recommend it. Class act!!	
Oct 8 2008 	Nice location TERRIBLE service	Despite having a prepaid reservation, when I arrived with my 3 young children at the hotel at night, I was informed that the hotel was oversold and that we would be accomodated in a Hospitality Suite. Basically, this was a meeting room with rollaway beds and a bathroom. the next day we were upgraded to a suite. The suite had beautiful views but a broken light bulb with dangerous glass sticking out, and a fold out bed that literally sagged so much it touched the floor! I was sent an apology letter by the assistant manager, asking that I contact him in case of any problems, I left messages for him and the other manager to no avail. The day I checked out, it took them 45 minutes to locate where they had stored our luggage. Yvonne the concierge is a true professional and the highlight of the hotel. The rest of the staff are slow, and unresponisive. The rooms are very nice , the location is excellent, but the service is Terrible!	
Oct 6 2008 	Top quality hotel top quality location.	We booked through &quot;Purely America&quot; of England and we had read some pretty bad reviews before travelling but we found the Swissotel to be very classy, very clean, and very comfortable with superb beds and brand new bathrooms. The view from our 29th floor which we asked for and got was brilliant, the free swimming pool on the 42nd floor was an experience to enjoy and savour, and the breakfasts were absolutely fantastic. A down side was the temporary small bar due to renovation and also the non-availability of the subway to North Michigan Avenue also due to renovation. However the absolutely fantastic location of this hotel meant that all the main city centre sights of Chicago are all within easy walking distance, so it is probably better to walk along the street than down a subway. Great for holiday makers or first time visitors. Superb value for money.	
Sep 20 2008 	Classiest hotel I've ever stayed in	If it wasn't for a really sweet deal that was running towards July-August- I would've been staying in a hostel during Lollapalooza weekend, constantly worrying if my stuff was gonna get jacked.This hotel is top-notch, probably the classiest hotel I've ever stayed in. There was a bit of construction going on in the front of the hotel, but it didn't detract from how nice it looked inside. The staff was very pleasant and easy to talk to for any questions. The rooms are spacious and pristine with pillow-top beds that made it almost impossible to get up in the morning because it was so comfortable. The bathroom was big too and I liked the separate shower and tub. I also had a gorgeous view of the city from my window.There's a Palm Restaurant that's in the first floor lobby that's excellent there. They had fantastic service there- pricey, but so worth it. It's not too far to walk to other restaurants nearby if you don't feel like having steak.I'd say the only downside of this hotel is the lack of free wi-fi. And the gym and pool closes too early.If I'm lucky enough to be in Chicago again and find an excellent price to stay here, I'll gladly go back.	
Sep 9 2008 	Good Hotel but beware of all of the Extra Charges	A friend and I went on a last minute trip to Chicago and stayed at the Swissotel. Our room was average and clean, we did have a view of the lake. What was a little surprising was everything was an extra charge. To use the gym or pool was a $15 a day charge, to print our boarding passes was a $6 dollar charge and internet service was a $9 a day charge. We did borrow the umbrella that the hotel leaves in the room for guests to use, and returned it, yet I was charged $20 for the umbrella, which I am still disputing with the hotel. Our room never got cool, we called down to the front desk twice to have our room checked, no one ever came. The concierge was Swiss and had a very difficult time understanding that I wanted directions to a bakery that sold cupcakes, it was like a ridiculous game of charades. Our vacation was wonderful our accommodations where less than wonderful.	
Sep 3 2008 	Loved the view	We stayed in two rooms on the 22 floor in August with our two teenage daughters.The view from the rooms was fantastic,My daughters are allergic to feathers and all trace of them were removed from the room as soon as we advised housekeeping.The rooms were spotlessly clean and serviced each day.We purchased a 7day travel card from the cultural center and used them to hop on and off the buses.The number 6 bus stopped right outside the Hotel and we were soon taking it just a few blocks after a long day, much to the amusement of the drivers. The Hotel is located in the middle between Magnificent mile and Grant park making it an ideal location.Breakfast every day was taken everyday at the corner bakery a 5 minute walk away.We did not want to leave but when it was time to go the Hotel arranged a large SUV to take us and our many purchases to the airport.This Hotel was really good and we hope to return one day.	
Sep 1 2008 	Nice Hotel BUT	Booked via Hotwire. Overall the location, the room size and comfort were above average. The bed was not as comfortable as the Milwaukee Hilton we stayed with 2 weeks prior .So why the neutral? (1) Long lines several times to check in and (2) to go up elevator - maintenance issue (note we had a major maintenance issue last stay here - elevators didnt work for several hours). Additionally (3) shower pressure lacking, (4) double charged on internet and not refunded - a fairly confusing log in screen, and (5) nickle and diming with parking/bell hops/etc.The last item - why is it that the expensive hotels charge for internet and I can go to some cheap motel and get it for free?	
Aug 31 2008 	Good if you get a good shower.	This is a good hotel (and a great value, if you get a promotional rate)IF you get a room in full working order---specifically a shower that doesnot leak water all over the bathroom floor.We (two adults and two kids) recently stayed here for two nights (8/29-31/2008) and, unfortunately, got to stay in three different rooms.We arrived on the morning of Friday 8/29 and a very professional front deskwoman immediately assigned us a room (it was Labor Day weekend and check-inwas not til 3pm), much to our pleasure.We went to our room---which appeared quite nice. In particular, the bathroomhad both a bathtub AND a separate glass-enclosed stand-up shower (the latteris significant.) We ditched our bags and headed out for a full day of museum-ing (I highly recommend Science and Industry and the Art Institute.)We returned late, around 9pm, tired and grimy (it was hot). A shower was inorder. After my shower, I noticed a small lake on the tile floor of thebathroom---clearly there was a leak in the shower. Not wanting my wife andkid's showers to cause a tsunami (and also not wanting to paddle throughthe bathroom floor), I called the front desk.After a wait and dropped call, on my second call I got through to a harassed-sounding front desk person who indicated that she'd send up anengineer (their term).The engineer arrived about 9:30pm and showed us the problem. The glass doorson the stand-up shower make use of a plastic strip that is glued to the doorto stop water leaking. In our shower door, the strip was cracked and broken,allowing water to leak. The engineer informed us that it couldn't be fixedimmediately (door needed to be taken off, glue applied, and wait a day tocure) and told us that the front desk would be in touch to move us to adifferent room.At 10:30pm, after no follow-up call from the front desk, I called thefront desk person. She sounded busy, but agreed to move us. I SPECIFICALLYrequested a non-shower leaking room :-) A bell-hop came up with new keycards (BTW, if you are ever in this situation, just go down to the frontdesk and get the keys---the bell hop was not fast.) So, around 11pm, we were in a new room---exhausted, we immediately went to bed (I was theonly showered person :-)!The AC in this new room was quite noisy (especially as the rooms are quiet),but we were exhausted and eventually passed out.In the morning, my wife showered first. You'll never guess what happened :-)Her shower resulted in an even BIGGER lake than in the first room. (Aquarter of an inch of water from wall to wall.) I called the front desk and they send another engineer up. This gentlemenlooked at the door and pointed out that the ENTIRE bottom water sealingstrip was gone---the resulting suggestion was the same as the previousengineer (move).Fed up, I spoke to the manager on duty, whose name was Hans (I think).After expressing my angst (liked professional staff, most of the room, hated the shower and inability to find a non-leaking shower), he agreed to move usto a room that would be checked by an engineer for shower leaks, PRIOR toour re-moving. This, apparently, required some time. Eventually, Hans calledus to tell us a room was ready; to save time, my wife went down to get thethird set of key cards.In our third room at about 10:30am, we, finally, showered the kids and headedout to enjoy Chicago around 11:30am. (Yes, the shower, finally, did not leak.)We lost about a third of our usable day on 8/30 dealing with the poor design of their beautiful showers. A tangible consequence of this was thatsome of the timed tours that we had planned on doing at the museum were soldout by the time we got there. However, we enjoyed Chicago and our final night was uneventful (and clean.)I should mention that the hotel did attempt some modest redress (breakfastbuffet), prefacing it with &quot;At this rate level, it's all we can do...&quot; Let me gently suggest to the Swissotel management that when your infrastructure failsa customer not once but twice, that there is a systemic problem (the fragilewater-sealing strip on shower doors, house-keeping's failure to inform engineering when they find a lake) best addressed independently of the rate paid by said customer (I would been very happy with a water-tight shower on the first try.)All this said, if you get a reasonably water-tight shower, the hotel is very nice andwell located for the activities (museums, American Girl) that we were interested in.Given that it's a four star facility, we also had some minor complaints.The second room had noisy air-conditioning, and, in all three rooms, one orboth telephones did not work correctly. Wi-fi, a commodity that should beincluded in the room, is $10/24 hours---silly, as I chose to get tangible goods (coffee and danish) with my Wi-fi at nearby coffee shops. BTW, if you need to get groceries, there's a good grocery store called Bockwinkel's (http://www.bockwinkels.com/) about 0.2 miles away located on the ground floor of the Park Millennium building at the Southeast corner of North Stetson and South Water.	
Aug 30 2008 	Wonderful Location	I accompanied my husband to a Leadership Symposium August 25th through August 28th. Our room with a luxurious kingsized bed was on the 30th floor and had a great city view. From our room we saw glimpses of sailboats on Lake Michigan between the buildings. At the end of our hallway we looked down on the river and could watch the tour boats and see Navy Pier in the distance. That first night we walked down to Navy Pier and when we got back to our room and sank into the bed, I quipped to my husband that I just might spend the rest of our stay in bed...it was so comfortable!While he was in meetings for the next three days, I walked to the Art Institute of Chicago and also walked up and down the Magnificent Mile. I felt completely safe and enjoyed the energy of the city sights and sounds. I brought what I thought was good footwear but had to buy some walking shoes on the third day. My thanks to others who reviewed this hotel as I studied their advice and found inexpensive places to eat...the Corner Bakery and Cafe being one of them. I enjoyed exploring the Pedway that connects to this hotel and found spots for breakfast and lunch. The second night my husband and I walked to Gino's for deep dish pizza...yummy. Our final night we took an architectural river tour with Wendella boats whose dock was a short walk away. I have no complaints about Swissotel...thanks to other reviewers, I knew not to open the refrigerator. There is a gift shop where you can buy cold drinks and snacks. Housekeeping did not come until after our second night but that was because I took a nap and didn't want to be disturbed. They came the next day as I was returning from my long walk and everything was spotless. Every member of the staff was courteous and helpful. If you ask, the concierge will give you a great brochure with a very helpful map of the area. I would love, love, love to stay with them again!	
Aug 30 2008 	what a deal and what a hotel!!	Absolutely fab stay from the chilled fruited water in the lobby, to the great views, incredible bed, huge well appointed area, and great location!! I had a view of the lake and the surrounding buildings....i could see all the way to the museaum!!The pool/health club area is free and also boasts incredible views. The cozy robes were an elegant touch. Surrounded by construction but i didn't hear a thing....the lobby was quite noisy in the am so maybe request a high room if you worry about that. It truely is &quot;where the river meets the lake&quot; ...and for 109 a nite i was in awe!!	
Aug 29 2008 	Good Location great views bad ac	The hotel is nice and the clerk upgraded our room to the 39th floor with an amazing view. The room itself was fine the beds comfortable. The pool was very nice and that view incredible.Talking with some folks at the pool they concurred that the concierge was snotty. He was a younger man who seemed very inconvenienced but my questions.Our problem with the hotel was the ac. I called twice and they finally sent someone up who said he could not find a problem but adjusted the vents. When we got back to room that night still warm. We called and no one ever showed up and too tired to wait plus it was the last night.It was a great location to the park and the view was awesome especially during the fireworks.	
Aug 27 2008 	Would choose this hotel again great location!	Stayed for three nights in August, an amazing deal through Travelzoo (talked to others at this hotel that booked at the &quot;employee&quot; rate, and we got it for less). Check in was smooth, I arrived in Chicago early in the day and called to see about early check in, no problems, was given a room immediately upon arrival. The room was spacious, incredibly clean, and the beds were extremely comfortable. The mini bar was well stocked, but pricey. Maid service was excellent. The seperate shower/bathtub was a nice touch, however the toilet was loose and wiggly, and didn't flush well. The only thing I would change about the room is that there is no mirror above or near the dressing table, which makes it hard for two or more people to share a mirror/electrical outlets in one bathroom. Easy walk to Michigan Ave, River Walk, great views of Navy Pier. The only employee who didn't impress me was the woman working in the gift shop. Long story short, she was rude and inattentive. We didn't have a chance to enjoy any of the lounges or restaurants, but they looked well attended. Bell Service was helpful in arranging a van cab to take us to the airport. I will be visiting Chicago frequently this coming year, and will most definately book this hotel again if they offer the same rate. We took the advice of others on tripadvisor, and signed up for their Swiss Club Gold Card in order to use the pool at no charge. However, when we went to the pool, we were never asked to show a card, so I'm not sure who was being charged? The hot tub was hot the first night, lukewarm the second, and people were actually teaching their children how to swim in the hot tub, not very relaxing getting splashed over and over, and actually quite rude, but not the hotels fault at all.	
Aug 26 2008 	Great Location	Got a great summertime deal on this hotel for our first actual vacation to Chicago. Good location about a block from the Magnificent mile. Easy access to the L, buses, water taxi (to union station and navy pier for $3 pp) etc. We upgraded to the corner suite and had a view of the city and a view of navy pier which was great. I would suggest walking to the corner bakery for breakfast right down the street (Michigan/Wacker) instead of taking it on the chin at the hotel restaurant. Concierge service from our experience was good from one but bad from another so if you don't get good help the first time you ask, just go ask again later when someone else is there. We also were able to store our bags at the hotel after checkout (12 noon) until we were done in the city for the day. Pool was small and had loud and annoying kids in it and the hot tub so it was NOT relaxing for my wife or myself. I would recommend to the hotel keep the pool open later for an adult swim time for peace and quiet. Technically you need to be a swissotel club member to access the workout facility (free to do this) but if you don't have your card just tell them you've applied for it and you'll be good to go. We also did the chicago food tasting tour which you can find here on travelzoo, this was fantastic and well worth the $40 pp. I would recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 26 2008 	Excellent Hotel	My wife and I recently stayed for two nights. Our lakeview room on the 22nd floor had a wonderful view and was very clean and most comfortable. We thought the location was very convenient as we like to walk and we were just a block away from both the boat and trolley tours. No problem with check-in or out, and the staff was most accomodating. A fine hotel and Chicago is a great city!	
Aug 24 2008 	Definitely will stay again	We just came back from our first trip to Chicago. I also found the great deal on Travelzoo.com and paid a little extra for the &quot;corner room&quot;. Check in - perfect, attentive and helpful. Maid service, perfect no complaints. Room, lots of space not cramped at all. Ipod docking station was a great addition, LCD TV was great. Concierge's at the Swissotel were AMAZING...they looked after sporting tickets for me, made great recommendations and all in all did a great job!! Thanks Swissotel!	
Aug 24 2008 	Pleasant experience	I visit Chicago on an annual basis and have for many years -- going back to the 1980s. Through Travelzoo.com, I became aware of a discounted room rate and jumped at the offer of about $150 night including taxes.This year, for the second consecutive year, I attended the Air and Water Show. Newspaper accounts say that over three million people visited that weekend. The Blue Angels were terrific.The wait to check in was long. There were two people working behind the reservation desk late morning. After about 15-to-20 minutes in line, I was told my reservation was not on file. I then gave the confirmation number and hotel print out to the person at the front desk and after a few more minutes, I was finally checked in. A minor inconvenience but I sensed another person was having a similar experience based on conversation to which I overheard.The room was exceptional. It was bright and appealing. The room was also promptly cleaned. Great view including part of Lake Michigan. There are new high-rises and the like being built all around Chicago and one near the Swissotel. I awoke one morning to an inspiring sunrise, a red/orange ball that was sparkling. The bed was one of the best I have encountered in any hotel. The comforter was incredibly soft while the bed and the mattress pad were ideal. The room had plenty of space, certainly bigger than other hotels I have visited in recent years. My room had an LG 37-inch LCD TV that was fantastic. I'm not much of a TV viewer but I did catch some of the 2008 Olympic events at odd hours and the clarity of images displayed were exceptional.I stayed on the 35th floor and still the elevators were quick if not immediate. I visited the pool area briefly, but didn't stay since the weather was close to perfect during my stay and opted to see the city as often as possible.My opinion on the location is neutral. If you have a vehicle, this hotel is exceptional because it is somewhat removed from Michigan Ave and the usual congestion associated with hotels on (or just off) major streets. This hotel is located on Wacker off Michigan and the isolation has its benefits but as an avid walker, I prefer a stay around the John Hancock Building. The Hyatt was within steps of the Swissotel and what looked like an office building in between the two major hotel properties. Steps away, is a Houlihans bar/restaurant with outdoor seating. Additionally, there seemed to be an increase of homeless people near the area, though not in the immediate vicinity of the hotel. In fact, on consecutive nights I had the same woman follow me for about a dozen or so steps. This was after midnight on each occasion. A friend, who stayed at the nearby Hard Rock Hotel, had somewhat similar experiences. About a 3-to-5 minute walk away is a Giordano's Restaurant -- famous for deep dish pizza. It was perfect for late night dining. The lobby of the hotel was cozy and as a pleasant touch there were two glass dispensers offering a mix of ice water and diced fresh fruit added for flavor. A Palm Restaurant is located in the lobby, too. Late at night, there was a bowl of fruit near the reservation desk. A daily Wall Street Journal was dropped at the door of each guest's room, another nice touch. There was also a handful of copies of the Chicago Tribune adjacent to the reservation desk.I would stay here again and certainly for the price offered. The weather was ideal, the hotel peaceful and the positives far outweighed the few negatives.	
Aug 19 2008 	Another great stay	This was my second visit to Chicago and my 2nd stay at Swissotel. I found an excellent deal through travelzoo.com and booked immediatelly paying the extra fee for the lakeview. The check-in was very smooth and the rep was very attentive. We were on the 33rd floor with a gorgeous view of Navy Pier and Lake Michigan. The rooms are very nice, well-appointed, with comfortable beds. Housekeeping did a good job.The only caution is to consider the distance from the Metros. It's a bit of a walk, but not too bad if you're forewarned. The buses are very convenient and run to Michigan which can link you to anywhere.When we travel we really don't spend much time in the room or the hotel, so I can't judge every aspect, but I definitely would stay at Swissotel again and would recommend it.	
Aug 18 2008 	Love this Hotel!	We love this hotel. The recent renovation is great -- the guest rooms are really nice. The location is great. There were a few too many Trainee's working when we checked in, but that was easily overlooked as the rest of the stay was great.	
Aug 16 2008 	Great hotel in a great location	Great hotel, in a great location. Chilled water at the entrance is a great touch. Have stayed here before, and would gladly do so again.	
Aug 11 2008 	Very Comfortable Great location	This hotel was great. The rooms were large and clean. The beds were unbelievably comfortable with nice linens. The bathroom was large, clean, up to date, and loaded with soft towels. And it's worth mentioning that the hotel had real, high-powered hair dryers -- not those terrible wall-mounted ones that you see in other hotels (I'm a women with thick long hair so I care about things like that). The view from my room was great. It looked out over the river. The staff was very accommodating, which you'd expect in a 4-star hotel. It was the fastest check-in I've ever experienced. Also, the concierge had great recommendations. The lounge/bar was expensive but very nice. They had a great wine list, appetizers, and friendly service.The location is fantastic. It's a very short walk to the Magnificent Mile, plenty of restaurants, the Navy Pier, the train, and there is a cab stand right in front and a Dunkin Donuts next door. A cab from Midway Airport was $35. A cab from Wrigley was $13. My only complaint about the hotel is that the mini bar has a weight sensor. So if you move around bottles in the fridge so that you can store your own food/personal items, the sensor will send a signal to the hotel and you will be charged. Or that's at least what the front desk told me. Considering how much this hotel costs, it would be nice if they provided you with a fridge large enough to store your own items in it. Through hotwire, I paid $200 per night for Thursday-Sunday. It was a great deal. I get the impression that normally it is much more.	
Jul 19 2008 	Great location most comfortable bed	We felt welcome from the very start with the friendly personnel and concierge. The rooms are very clean, comfortable and spacious and up-to-date. The sheets on the bed are a higher thread count and it was so inviting with the pillowtop mattress cover, yet was very supportive. The bathroom was also spacious with a separate shower and bathtub. Our room faced Lake Michigan which had views of the Navy Pier and also part of the river--wonderful! The pool and fitness club are on the 42nd floor with big windows so the view is spectacular from there. We had a tiny hiccup at first--our room wasn't getting very cool despite putting the thermostat to 60F so I contacted guest services and they sent an engineer straightaway while we were sightseeing for the day. When we came back the room was very cool. It just seemed that the vent needed to be adjusted. The location is convenient to the Magnificent Mile shopping, Navy Pier, Millennium Park and also the Loop and the Theater District. Public transportation is very handy from here as well. I would highly recommend the Swissotel Chicago to everyone.	
Jul 17 2008 	Very clean and comfortable	I spent five nights at the Swissotel with my fiance, from July 3 to July 8. Booked a package through Priceline, and would stay there again in a heartbeat. ROOMThe king-sized bed was very comfortable, and all of the linens were fresh and clean. The room was spacious, not cramped at all. The bathroom was spotless--no mildew, no stains, and nicely appointed with little soaps and the usual toiletries. They were replenished daily. We didn't get a full lake view (didn't pay or ask for one, either), but the view was still nice, and we saw a lot of fireworks from our window. I should mention that, despite the obvious construction in the area, we were not disturbed by any drilling or other noises. Left the room at 10:30 or 11 a.m. every day, but did not hear noise.LOCATIONThe hotel was central to everything we wanted to see. Navy Pier is extremely close, Michigan Avenue is just a short walk away, and it's just a few blocks to the &quot;EL&quot; Red Line Station. Cabs also line the street in front of the hotel, so there's no delay in catching a ride. I felt very safe walking the area at night, as there were a lot of other people and tourists. I did see a few homeless people, but that's to be expected in any city. Police presence was high, especially at the Taste of Chicago and Navy Pier.SERVICEEveryone was efficient, no big lines for check-in or check-out. People smiled and said hello. At one point, our room key became deactivated, but that was quickly fixed. Housekeeping did a great job keeping the room and bathroom spotless.VALUEThe room exceeded our expectations, especially because we received a discounted rate. I imagine if I'd paid full price, I wouldn't be too happy about the $9.99 fee for 24 hours of dial-up internet, but that's becoming the norm at most hotels. Also, they charge exorbitant prices for mini-bar items and room service meals, so be prepared for that. ($6 bottled water) We purchased our water from the Walgreens down the street. Did not eat at the hotel restaurant, so I cannot vouch for that either way.BOTTOM LINEGreat place to stay. Clean and comfortable with friendly service and a convenient Chicago location. I highly recommend the hotel and would stay there again.	
Jul 15 2008 	Great Deal 	We booked this hotel a few months ago when I saw a special advertised for $109 a night and we decided that we couldn't pass it up. Although we are well travelled this was our first time in Chicago.Our experience with the Swisshotel was great. Upon check in my husband asked if we could get a room with a view of the harbour and we did. It was clean with a comfortable king size bed covered with a nice duvet, plenty of clean towels and nice fluffy bathrobes. To top it off we had a great view. It's central to everything. Just a short walk to Navy Pier or the Mag Mile in the other direction. It was great for the Taste of Chicago and 3 &amp; 4th July fireworks.We were walking one afternoon and saw a steakhouse but failed to write down the name and asked our concierge if she could find it for us and make a reservation. We got the best table in the place.Now, for those who complain about mini bar prices and bottle water prices in hotel rooms, need to get out more. Those prices are the going rates in any major city and a lot more if your in EU. Just go around the corner and buy what you need. There's a liquor store behind the Hyatt.We drove over so we had to pay to park. We live in a big city so $49 is fair. Besides, we asked at a few other hotels and $49 to $55 was the going rate with in and out privileges. We passed on the restaurants simply because the cost of breakfast was insane and the food tends to be mediocre. We found plenty a nice restaurants that were recomended by the &quot;natives&quot; as they call themselves rather than hotel staff. The &quot;natives know where the good stuff is at reasonable prices. The hotel staff tend to be aware of the tourist traps since they are close by.What is it with the elevators??? They worked and appeared in a timely fashion.Also, for some complaining about lack of free internet. A very recent survey mentioned that most high end hotels are no longer offering the service or will not in the near future.When we left, my husband looked at me and said &quot;I can't believe you got this room in this hotel for this price&quot;	
Jul 11 2008 	Wonderful	I found a great deal on Travelzoo for $109 a night... almost too good to be true. This hotel was awesome! Amazing views, great location and the most comfortable bed ever! If you can get the same deal, I definitely recommend this hotel. Rooms in similar hotels would usually be about $250-300.	
Jul 10 2008 	Great Facility and Location - So-So Staff	I have stayed at Swissotels before so was expecting excellent facilities in top-notch shape and very clean. I got exactly that. A beautifully decorated, well-equipped and stylish room. It does suffer, however, from a trend that I have been noticing that as rooms at business class hotels are upgraded - particularly with a patch panel for the big LCD-TV - drawer space becomes less and less. As someone who actually likes to unpack if I am staying more than one night, it has become a problem. I end up using the nightstand drawers.The V.I.K. (Very Important Kids) check-in desk next to the front desk leads me to believe that the hotel is family-friendly.The location is great - near Michigan Avenue and with a view of the lake, but just far enough from Michigan to feel like you're away from the hub of activity.My one issue was with the staff. The front desk staff were friendly and relatively efficient but utterly lacked any warmth (both check-in and check-out). Without meaning to stereotype, they were both European and I don't know if that had anything to do with it.The doorman was another story. He seemed friendly enough and appeared to be a local. I arrived late and just wanted a light meal. He suggested The Palm in the hotel lobby but I told him I wanted something lighter and more casual. He then suggested Houlihans.Now I don't mean to sound like a snob, but when you're in one of the great cities in the world, staying at what is supposed to be a high-end hotel, to have the doorman recommend Houlihans is like asking what is a good car to buy and being told to consider a Yugo.Meeting facilities were well-equipped , and the banquet department did an excellent job of catering the meals and snacks (both quality of food and service) for the meetings I was attending.Didn't get to the gym or pool. There's a fee for the gym, but not the pool.	
Jul 8 2008 	Pretty Nice Hotel	Came to Chicago for &quot;The Taste&quot;. Hotel was beautiful. Staff was very accomodating. If you are going to stay here, be sure and get their points membership before you go. When you arrive, ask for an upgrade. They will ask for your card. I had my number put on my reservation so I didn't take my card. We were upgraded to a corner room that overlooked the river, Navy Pier and the Lake. We didn't have to leave our room for the fireworks as we could see them perfectly from our room.The bed was so so comfortable and the room was very clean. I always tip housekeeping and the staff never disappointed. The only complaint I had about the room was the shower was very very small. I could hardly turnaround in it.I will say, if you are not a walker and want to be on Michigan Ave then I wouldn't stay here. This hotel is 3 Chicago blocks (which are longer that regular blocks) from Michigan Ave. Then you have to walk Michigan for a long time to see it all. I would use the CTA if you want to stay here and do Michigan Ave.Go to Michigan and pay even more for your hotel. Right now the Swissotel is running a summer special. Our room was only $129/night. It was worth it to me to save money and walk. Besides I had already done the Michigan Ave thing!If you are into public transportation. From Midway airport, take the orange line to State and Lake. You are appoximately 4 or 5 blocks from the hotel. As far as CTA, the #6 bus stops accross the street from the hotel and goes South on Michigan. Also, if you plan on using public transportation, get the visitors pass. You can get a 3 day pass for only $12 and it gives you unlimited train and buss access. You will need to transfer to get over to State street where the &quot;real&quot; shopping goes on (i.e.: Macy's, Filenes Basement, etc). I would recommend the &quot;West Egg&quot; fro breakfast (3 blocks off Michigan on Ontario) and for lunch or dinner The Grand Lux Cafe (corner of Michigan and Ontario). Also don't forget to go the &quot;The River North&quot; for great food. Check out the Blue Water Grill for dinner. Pricey, but very good.I would definitely stay at this hotel again when I come to Chicago!	
Jul 5 2008 	Swissotel...front desk staff need customer service 101	We checked into the Swissotel on June 30, 2008 without any issues. We were upgraded (with our Swiss Club Gold, get online for free use of gym/ pool otherwise $50 charge) to a corner room. We had a great view of Navy Pier and the Taste of Chicago.The front desk staff was never very helpful when we had any requests for simple things. When does the shuttle leave for O'hare? How much is the shuttle? Why is the cleaning staff telling us they are out of coffee for the rooms? Can we borrow a screwdriver to fix our daughter's Gameboy? All of these were answered by blank stares and major confusion.On July 4th, we were checking out. I needed to print out our boarding passes. The business center was closed due to the holiday. I went to the front desk to ask to have 5 minutes of access to the &quot;Executive Level&quot; business center to print our passes. At this point the only place open with internet access. I was told &quot;no, it is an access only room&quot;. Huh? I explained what was going on and they could charge us whatever, we needed to print these passes. So the hunt for the key to the business office began. Now most normal people would have saved the hassle and sent us up to the Executive Floor. After 20 mins of not finding anyone with a key, guess where I ended up...the Executive Floor to print our boarding passes, totally silly. Just not a great overall feel from the front desk or the concierge.The rooms were nice, clean and updated. The beds super comfortable. BE ADVISED!!! There is major construction going on right behind the hotel at the new development AQUA. Non-stop from sun up to sun down. Drilling, pounding, ect. Did not bother us as we were pretty far away. We could really only hear in our bathroom and in lobby of hotel. However, we were never advised of this. Several other hotels also have major construction going on around them, so not a huge deal, no dust, which would have been a bummer.Overall, our room was super cheap on Expedia. Would we stay again, if we could get the same rate. Would I pay over $199 a night, most likely not. You can get better customer service elsewhere for much less. If you dont mind the attitude of dealing with a rude staff, go for it. Location cannot be beat.	
Jul 4 2008 	Not the best	We booked directly with the hotel reservations when the email came in the price was higher than quoted on the phone. Contacted the hotel reservations was closed dealt with the 800 number who at first was unable to help asked to cancel my stay and all sudden she could help. Fixed the price assured me the room woudl be double beds. Arrived at the hotel front desk was not very helpful went to the room and one king bed not thedoubles. Had to move rooms and floors. Got to the new room which in my opinion was small many other hotels are larger. Note beware of type of room reserved to what you get. We were to be in a premier room but they do not have double beds paid for one did not recieve one. Went to use the pool our son who is 16 had to come down after us he arrived to the pool was told to leave due to no shoes on. He was in a walking cast and did not have a pair of shoes with him. The lady at the desk would not allow him to inform us of this left the floor to sit in the hallway while we swam for 2 hours. A family who walked in with me and my children were told shoes next time and allowed in. Lady checking you in for the pool is non friendly and very unhelpful. Room key did not work had to wait to be let back in our room which took a good amount of time. Overall would stay elsewhrere downtown to many other properties who offer nicer staff assistance, quality for the price. Gift shop personal are very helpful and nice if you need to enter there.	
Jul 3 2008 	The Swisshotel is awesome	The Swisshotel is awesome. Very high class. It is expensive , but so is every hotel in Chicago. It is off from the dingy areas of our city , yet a long walk to Navy Pier, so you will need to pay for the cab. Note to all the Magnificent Mile is boring as can be. I live in Chicago and the hotel is a better experience than the Mile of Navy (BORING) Pier.	
Jul 2 2008 	Chicago is Beautiful! Swissotel - Best Kept Secret	The Swissotel doesn't look like much from the outside but its location is prime. I was upgraded to a Suite on the 40th floor. The view was absolutely breathtaking. Riverwalk and and the lake. An added bonus was the Executive Lounge with complimentary food throughout the day. Location is absolutely perfect! It's in walking distance of Michigan Ave and Millenium Park and close to the Navy Pier. Service with a smile always! We are definitely going back!	
Jul 2 2008 	Enjoyed Everything	I was very pleased with my stay at the hotel. The staff seemed very helpful and friendly. I agree with most of the other reviews that the room was very nice. We had a room with a river view and the view of the river and Navy Park was excellent. Periodically a water cannon would be shot across the river. In the late afternoon, you could see a rainbow when it was going off. If you have a room on the other side, you are staring into an office building.There was plenty to do within walking distance. We did a walking tour of deco buildings put on by CAF and also a boat tour. Prices in the hotel are expensive but there are plenty of restaurants close by including Morton's. A great breakfast spot is The Corner Bakery at Michigan and Wacker.The sun did shine in the room in the morning. Actually, a beautiful sunrise. Don't know if you can shut the drapes, but we are early risers anyway.Two things I didn't like was the cost of parking ($50 a day) but I guess that is the going rate. However, they did charge for the fitness center which I thought was inappropriate. So, I just ran the stairs in the stairwell instead.	
Jul 1 2008 	Great location with great rate	When I received an email alert from a Travel Newsletter regarding a great rate at Swissotel in Chicago, I had to check it out. Booked a two night stay at the rate of $109 per night, which is outstanding in downtown Chicago, in my opinion.We had a huge corner room with a view from the 29th floor out to the lake and downtown. It also happened to be the first weekend for the 2008 Taste of Chicago, so we were a short 3 block walk from Grant Park.	
Jun 30 2008 	Beautiful View Horrible Management	Our rooms (along with many others) were still not ready by 8pm. We pre-checked in @ 11am and were able to check into 1 room......came back at 8pm...the other two rooms were not clean. We were a large group of women in town for a celebration. Since we couldn't check into the other rooms, we were not able to get ready and thereby missed our dinner reservations. The hotel staff was not helpful at all. They offered 2 free drinks---we had 10 women in our party. The doormen were very nice. The front desk were polite but not helpful at all. Two of our group decided not to stay. We decided to return a room---seriously, people were waiting in the lobby to check in for hours----thinking that it would help other travelers. We hadn't even entered the 3rd room and felt we were helping the hotel out. They didn't charge us for the room----but, also did not offer any type of compensation to the woman who arranged these rooms in FEBRUARY. I asked for free breakfast for 8. They were not able to do anything. I have stayed many places and have never had a hotel act as if it were normal to not be able to check in until after 8pm. And to offer nothing to the woman who paid in advance and booked in advance-----terrible customer service.Many guests were sent to other hotels (including a pregnant woman who was going to have to switch hotels twice in one vacation). Many were still sitting in the lobby when we finally went out for dinner.Beautiful view and bathroom----terrible service and overall management.	
Jun 22 2008 	So-so	I travel to Chicago for work &amp; leisure a few times a year, and have been meaning to try the Swissotel. I was pretty underwhelmed overall. The room itself was mostly fine, but in general the stay was just OK.THE RESERVATION: I found a decent rate on TravelZoo and booked it directly on the Swiss website about a month before my stay. I called the day before to confirm, and no one could find any record of my reservation. I even e-mailed my confirmation to the gentleman in reservations, and all he could do (after several calls and him agreeing that their system had simply lost my info) was forward my e-mail to the reservation manager. And when I called the next morning to ensure it had been addressed--guess what--the reservation manager had no idea and I needed to start over with the explainations and fixing. All this, and I was assigned a room with a view of mostly the office building next door. I'd like to think they would have marked my reservation for a better room, given all the hassles. THE ROOM: My room was comfortable (very good bed linens and towels) and clean. There's an Ipod docking station but I never was able to make it work with my Ipod. The drapes don't block the light, however, so even with a west-facing room it was bright very early in the morning. THE DINING: I had breakfast in the hotel restaurant and room service. The restaurant was steep, even for a business hotel. Oatmeal/toast/bacon took me close to $40. Room service, however, was prompt and good. I had for a surprisingly large and yummy pizza--there was easily enough for two. I chose chicken/spinach/artichoke and was tickled that I got to relax in my room with a meal ($16 for the pizza) that fit well within my expense report limits. THE ANNOYANCE: Upon checkout, I asked the concierge about how long the shuttle ride to O'Hare would take. I was shocked at the 90 minute time she quoted--after all, it was early on a Saturday--but she was insisted that was the travel time so I scheduled myself accordingly. As it turned out, it was just under 45 minutes, and I had lots of time to kill at the airport. THE LOCATION: Overall, the location is just OK--it's walkable to Mag Mile, State Street (just under a mile), theatre district, Navy Pier (again, just under a mile), a nearby movie theater, and restaurants. But unlike other comparable hotels, there aren't delightful restaurants and great shops just outside the door--you'd better wear comfortable shoes at all times. IN SUM: It was missing the amenities I've come to enoy and expect--turndown, free internet, high quality toiletries--from hotels in this price range. It may be fine for corporate gatherings, but for the independent business traveler or the family on a leisure trip, you can do better. If you just need a place to crash, the Swiss is fine. But if you want to enjoy the hotel and the city, I'd suggest the Omni or the a boutique spot like Monaco or Amalfi for a more enjoyable stay.	
Jun 19 2008 	Take your confirmation number watch your credit card bill!	We stayed here for 2 nights. When I tried to check in, they told me I didn't have a reservation. I knew I did, and had printed out the confirmation #, but had left it in our car, which was valet parked at a different hotel. They checked me in, but I asked them to make sure I wasn't charged for a one night no show, on the reservation they couldn't find. They said again that they didn't have any other reservation for me, so I accepted their word. The room was nice, spacious, my girls loved it. The beds were super comfy, and the girls loved the separate shower and tub. The water in the shower took a while to get warm, but it was worth it once it did. We came back in late from a graduation, and asked at the front desk if they had any delivery menus. The clerk acted like he didn't know what we were talking about, then finally gave us one menu for a pizza place. The elevator was non existent when we were trying to go down to check out. When we got to the elevator, another family said they had been waiting 15 mins, and we waited about 10 more. Then I pressed the up button, and one came right away. I said we'll just ride it up, then down, and the other family got on too. We did that, and after only one stop we were down in a jiffy. Several weeks later I checked my credit card statement, and surprise! I had been charged for 2 nights on one credit card (correct) and one night on the credit card that I had used to guarantee the reservation that they couldn't find! To their credit, when I called, they took my information and called me back and said they would credit back that night's charge, but they couldn't/wouldn't explain how the mixup happened. With all the nice hotel choices out there, I don't think I will be back to the Swissotel. The bed was comfy, but the negatives outweighed the positives in this case for me.	
Jun 13 2008 	welcoming stay	stayed at swissotel for 5 nights - just myself and two children (aged 4 and 6) all the staff could not have been more welcoming, the room service was prompt and efficient and not overly expensive. I would definitely recommend this to anyone wanting to access all tourist attractions as its very well situated and easily walkable for little legs!	
Jun 9 2008 	Loved the bed hated the elevator!	This is a great hotel with some amazing views of the lake and the river. Of course, with the building boom in Chicago, you also get a view into several construction sites, quite fascinating. The room has all you would expect from a business hotel; and the bed is to die for!!! But I don't believe it's worth the regularly advertized price... so be sure to hold out for discount rates. While we were there the elevators kept malfunctioning, often leaving people stranded on their floor during the moring check-out rush. I was also disappointed that their shower product bottles were not recyclable, indicating a serious lack of basic corporate environmental responsibility.	
Jun 8 2008	Most Comfortable Bed - Ever!	In the past three years I have spent 400 nights in hotels. This Hotel offered the most confortable sleeping environment I have ever experienced. Our room, 509, was very spacious with a River view. We had absolutely no noise issues as others have referenced. We enjoyed the centralized location and look forward to many happy returns.	
Jun 7 2008 	Good value business hotel with beautiful views	I stayed here for just one night. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the rooms. I expected a very institutional business hotel. The room was well equipped for business travelers. It was also very clean and well appointed. Furniture was sleek and high quality for a hotel. I ate at the Palm, which was excellent. The view from my room was perfect – Lake Michigan, the Chicago River and Navy Pier. At night, I could see all the lights from Navy Pier and the Ferris Wheel as well as the lights of the city and the boats. Because it is a little farther east of the Loop and Michigan Avenue (but closer to the lake), it was a little quieter and cheaper than other hotels that are located on or right off Michigan Avenue. I have also stayed at the Fairmont and the Sheraton nearby, and I think the Swiss is a better value.	
Jun 3 2008 	Good for the price	The hotel is conveniently located, though I stayed at the Sheraton across the street and that hotel is a little bit more convenient. It is difficult to get across the street because of the river. We had a great price (Travezoo) so it was good for that price. We had a standard room, non smoking though it felt like someone smoked in the room regardless.The accomodations were good, a little bit still shabby considered it was recently remodeled.The bar downstairs was a bit overpriced even for a hotel with not a lot of selection. Did not eat at the restaurant, with so many choices, why eat at the hotel.The concierge was not that helpful. The one lady we spoke to seem bothered that we were asking a question.	
May 28 2008 	Good business hotel	I recently stayed at the Swissotel Chicago for business and had an overall enjoyable experience. I stayed in an Executive room and really appreciated the large desk space and free internet. The room was two rooms from the elevators and I could still hear them but it wasn't too bad. If you are sensitive to noise make sure to ask for a room well away from the elevators. The lake views are incredible and the location is good. If I were here for leisure I would probably choose a smaller, more intimate hotel but for business this was great.	
May 28 2008 	Perfect hotel	booked this hotel at $109 per night through Travelzoo. Was very happy with location. It is 5min from Downtown and 5 min from the Mile.The hotel and rooms were very clean. The only prob was that the first room the internet was not working and it took them a few hours to finally decide it doesn't work and get us to change room. in the 2nd room the safe deposit does not woork.Otherwise very happy with the hotel.	
May 27 2008 	I would stay there again	I just enjoyed a 3-day weekend at the Swissotel Chicago. A friend of mine booked it and got a GREAT rate. Cheaper than even a fleabag motel. So keep an eye out for specials. The view was great, the location was prime. The staff was helpful. The room was large (we had 2 double beds). I only have one complaint. Our room was next to some sort of storage or mechanical room where employees (I think) would sneak off to talk on the phone. The sound came right though the vent in our bathroom and we could hear them plain-as-day. Fortunately, the sound was only in the bathroom so it wasn't like it kept us up at night. It was just a little weird. Overall, a great stay and I will definitely stay there again.	
May 14 2008 	Nice view a few more months	My girlfriend and I stayed three nights in a Swissotel Executive Room during a recent Chicago vacation. We have mostly very positive things to say, and would probably stay there again if we ever go to Chicago. At least if we can find as good a deal as we did this time.I would like to point out some things you should be aware of:1) There's a lot of construction work around the Swissotel. The hotel seems to be 100 % soundproof, so that's no problems. But within a year or so the magnificent lake view will probably be only a memory of the past. The same goes for the view of the park area to the south.2) Make sure that you don't get a room right next to the elevators, since these make a lot of sound, speedy as they are. We first got room 3301, but had to change. No problems at all at the front desk - they seemed to be used to it. The original room had a lakefront view which was stunning. The second room overlooked the city and river, with a good look of the Wrigley Building. Not as exciting, but still very good. Beware of office workers who probably can see right into your room from a 100 feet distance.3) We had an Executive Room which granted us access to the 42nd floor Executive Lounge with day-round complimentary beverage service (non-alcoholic), an evening serving of hors d'ouvres (sorry for the spelling) and pastries, and free Internet Access. Also a great view. The Executive status did not grant us free access to the gym, which came for a cost of $15. The pool and sauna was free for all guests.4) The restaurant and bar service on the ground floor was OK, but during our stay, the lobby was always really full of other guests. Maybe since the hotel had a really good spring offer, which attracted more private guests compared to the usual business people.5) The Executive room was smaller than expected, probably a standard room, although on high floors. I would probably choose a corner room next time, which looks larger on their website. The King bed was excellent, LCD-TV really nice, and the room came with a stereo with iPod docking station as well as a really good coffee brewer. Nice! The bathroom featured both a tub and a shower and was in perfect condition. The last remark in fact goes for the whole room, the cleaning service was perfect and the room recently renovated.6) Make sure to sign up for the Club Swiss Gold bonus program before your stay for better front desk service and it will strengthen your chances of a free upgrade.All in all, Swissotel Chicago was a great experience, which I definitely would recommend.	
May 11 2008 	Great Location Nice Rooms Loved the Swissotel!!!	I stayed here I think 5 years ago and I remember it very well! The rooms were very clean, the service was polite and helpful, and it's near the heart of Chicago! Just walk a few minutes and there's plenty to see. There was construction at the time and there's construction now, but I didn't mind it at all. In fact, I liked watching. If you can't stand construction, then get a room on the other side. It'll be quieter. Plus the view was lovely! Overall, a great place to stay.	
May 6 2008 	Gorgeous hotel with a great view	My mom and I spent the weekend in Chicago and stayed at the Swissotel. Thanks to TravelZoo I was able to find an amazing deal - lakeside rooms for $129/night as part of a spring promotion. We took the train from O'Hare and had approximately a half-mile walk from the nearest station - it's a bit far if you're tired, have a lot of bags, or if the weather's bad. We didn't mind and were pleased with the hotel's location in general - very walkable to the major sights.Once we got there we checked in quickly and were pleased with our double room on the 10th floor overlooking the Chicago River, Lake Michigan, and Navy Pier. The room was very well appointed and clearly had been recently renovated. Great beds. The bathroom was large and modern, but the corner shower was a bit cramped and water invariably leaked onto the floor each time. A hassle...not a deal-breaker.The hotel lounge was a great place to grab a bite and a drink. Look for a coupon for a free appetizer on the bottom of the breakfast order door hanger in your room - it'll save you up to $20 on the very expensive (but delicious) appetizer selections at the lounge. We were able to get tickets for a special exhibit at the Art Institute through the Concierge - it saved us from waiting in a very long line at the museum.	
May 5 2008 	Excellent service location	My wife and I stayed at this hotel this past weekend to celebrate my wife's birthday. We could not have been more pleased with the service, location, as well as the room and its view. All the staff we encountered, from doorman to desk lady who checked us in, to check out, was professional and courteous. Our room had a fantastic view of Navy Pier and looked as if recently updated. From this location we walked to Michgan Avenue, restaurants, and stores. Our room was next to the elevator and there was a slight hum at times, but it was not a hindrance, especially with the special rates that come available from time to time and which we took advantage of. We would go there again.	
Apr 23 2008 	A Place to Be Seen	If you fancy yourself to be a high-powered, ultra-modern business executive, this is the hotel for you. The hotel looks like an office tower, the rooms look like converted boardrooms and the place has all of the charm of a Fortune 500 executive suite. My only (and major) complaint was that the wrap-around glass offering views of office-dwellers in the towers nearby extended into the bathroom. If you weren't very careful office workers who came in early or stayed late would get to see more of you than you likely meant to share doing things that are best done alone.	
Apr 21 2008 	Beautiful Hotel!! Great windows!	Checked into the hotel on a Thursday night and had a very relaxing stay. Everything in the room was top notch, very elegant! The bed was extremely hard to get out of. We asked for a corner room and they had one availible ... wow it has windows everywhere in it. Even the bathroom had spectacular views. Especially enjoyed winding down in the free to use pool and spa. I have stayed at most of the nice hotels in Chicago and I would go out of my way to stay here in the future!	
Apr 21 2008 	Overpriced and Tacky	I'm not one of those people who writes reviews about hotels, but I was so disgruntled during our stay that I feel compelled to tell the world. The Swissotel may have impressive views and a fancy address, but that's where it ends. When we arrived at the hotel there was a line approximately 40 people deep of travelers checking in. After waiting in the line for more than 30 minutes, we finally got to our room and were disappointed to see that it didn't look anything like the photos online. It looked like it hadn't been updated since the late 1980's. Later that night while trying to go to sleep we realized that you could hear the elevators traveling up and down all night from our room. The shower head couldn't be adjusted and because of the awkward bathroom layout you could not turn the shower on or adjust the temperature without the stream of water hitting you in the face. I slipped in the bathroom as I learned the hard way that the shower also leaked. After this incident we asked management to change us to a new room and found the second room to have identical issues as the first. On top of all of this, the concierge was so unhelpful and unknowledgeable that we called the W Hotel to use their services. I will give kudos to the Swissotel lobby bar. The bartender and staff were the only bright spots in the lackluster weekend.Not what you expect from an upscale hotel and certainly not worth $300/night. I would not stay at Swissotel again if it were the only hotel available in the area.	
Apr 21 2008 	Great Hotel....hold on to your wallet.	My wife and I enjoyed our stay at the hotel. The check in was easy and the staff at the desk was courteous. They filled me in on all what hotel had to offer. The rooms were clean and modern. The flat screen TV was great! King size bed was very comfortable. Check out was a breeze. Now for the &quot;hold on to the wallet&quot; part, the restaurants on the property were outrageously expensive and the drinks found in the room refrigerator were pricey. (don't even think about buying your own to place in the fridge. Just moving the items will trigger a charge to your bill! So I did not even open the fridge) There was a charge to use the gym. Being on the far end of Wacker Drive, if you are not into walking, you have to use a cab. Other than that, Michigan Ave is only a couple blocks away. Be warned however that if you stay on the south facing side of the building, a new building is going up next door and there is construction going on. The noise was not an issue unless you like to sleep in late. I am not sure how tall this structure will be but by judging the existing high rises that are around, the view from the room will more than likely be blocked soon.The other minor issue is the adjoining room option. Better hope your neighbor does not have a screaming kid because you can sure hear it!Overall, the hotel was nice. It is not worth the regular high dollar price the hotel offers. Go through the discount travel web sites to get a better deal.	
Apr 21 2008 	Very Nice Hotel Very Bad Staff	Comments: My wife and I visited Chicago for our 5th wedding anniversary and we decided to stay at Swissotel because we heard great feedback from a few friends who stayed here, but we also heard some not so great things as well. I booked on travelzoo.com and got a fantastic rate of $109 a night. My total was $250.51 for a quiet room with a king bed. Upon checking in I informed Nury at the front desk of the promotional price and asked her to explain my charges to me so that I would know which card that I wanted to put it on. She said that she would, but she handed my wife a piece of paper and asked her to sign. My wife handed me the paper and I signed where it said that the rate was $109. Nury didn\'t explain anything to us, and I asked her to explaine again and she simply smiled and said have a great stay. My wife was exhausted from a 5 hour train ride so we proceeded to our room. The room was not what I\'d asked for it was a double and not a king. We changed out of our dirty clothes and made some calls to our kids and since we had reservations we left. As soon as we got back we informed the front desk attendant that we asked for a King and got a double. She gladly upgraded our room with a LakeSide view. I asked her to make sure that we had a quiet room. She smiled. When we got to the room it took the bellman 30 minutes to get our things. Not a problem but he was not very nice. My wife offered him a tip but he refused. The King room was amazing, but one issue, we have 5 kids at home and very hetic jobs and we requested twice a quiet room. She put us right next to the elevator and next to very noisey guests. I slept fine, but my wife is a light sleep and she only got 3 hours sleep Friday night. She said that there were teenagers making a lot of noise in the hallway. The next morning she went to Nury and spoke with her about it. Nury simply smiled and said that the next time my wife should call down to the front desk to complain. My wife was not pleased with the response, but nevertheless we proceeded to breakfast. I decided to check our debit card to see what our balance was. I was very upset when I learned that the Swissotel charged our card $461! After breakfast we went to the front desk and spoke with Nury and she smiled again and told us that they charged our card $75 a day for incidentals. INCIDENTALS? I asked her to explain that to me and she just kept smiling and said that it was for incidentals. My wife was very upset with Nury and her snobbish attitude so she said that we asked her to explain the charges to us the day that we checked in which was Friday, April 18th and she didn\'t explain them. We asked her twice. My wife asked her if there was a language barrier and if she didn\'t understand her when she requested an explaination. My wife was very upset so I asked her to please explain the charges and Nury simply said I already did. So to keep my wife calm I took her back to our room and called the manager. When I spoke to the manager she was just as uncaring as Nury. I explained to her that had Nury explained that they were going to hold over $200 extra dollars on my debit card I would\'ve used another credit card. I informed her that we asked Nury to explain the charges twice and she then said that we signed a paper, I told her that we read the paper and signed it, but when we asked Nury to explain the charges she should\'ve explained that they were going to charge an extra $200. Which she didn\'t. The manager didn\'t care. I am not one to complain, but you have a lovely hotel and I would reccommend your establishment however we were treated like we didn\'t matter. I checked my credit card and my money is still gone. Is it their policy to take money from your patrons? In my eyes that is a step up from stealing because we did not utilize the mini bar, room service or the business center. The staff really need to take a class in interpersonal communication. The bell man was very rude to us and the way that Nury and the manager treated us was simply uncalled for. The only person that treated us like we were paying guests was Vincent the bartender at the Lobby Lounge. The room was nice, but the service was horriable. I wouldn't stay at this hotel ever again!	
Apr 12 2008 	A very comfortable stay at Swissotel	I just had the pleasure of staying 3 nights at the Swissotel Chicago and can recommend it whole heartedly. First of all the staff was very gracious and it is in a great location. I had a Corner room with a King bed and WOW what a jaw dropping city view! The room is shaped like a triangle and the one interior wall is where the bed is and the two angled walls have panoramic windows, one looking over the river and I guess the other is looking out to the lake. Some of my favorite features were the oh so comfortable bed, like sleeping on a cloud, as well as the ihome for my ipod and the in-room Keurig coffee maker which had me feeling right at home. Next time I will bring some Splenda and a couple of pods of cinnamon mocha with me from home now that I know they have that feature. I will definitely be staying there again.	
Apr 11 2008 	Nice Room Great View....	Nice hotel, conveniently located to the magnificent mile and public transportation (bus). The room was great, with an AWESOME view of the lake and Navy Pier (the room/view is what bumps it up to 4 stars for me!). On the flip side, it was apparent that there were ongoing renovations - the room was loud at odd times (banging, etc.). Also, the houskeeping overcharged us for stuff that we never used from our minibar (to management's credit, it was quickly fixed and taken off our bill). Also, at $50 a night, parking costs are outrageous. We parked in the public lot under Millenneum Park just a few blocks away.	
Apr 3 2008 	Enjoyed my stay	Stayed 3 nights in March 2008.This is an upscale hotel in an excellent location and hard to fault. Check-in was a breeze, numerous high speed elevators, room on the 25th floor was immaculate and very well designed, high quality bathroom with separate shower. Didn't like the fact that the room was so directly overlooked by the office block next door. I regard $49 per night for valet parking as daylight robbery and chose to self park 1 block away for $28. Room service food quality was very good but with a $7 tray charge plus 20% service, I then absolutely refuse to tip for delivery. I would stay here again but would insist on a lakeshore view room.	
Mar 24 2008 	Lived up to 5-star rating!!!	Despite several negative reviews, this hotel lived up to its 5-star rating. The staff was wonderful, our room was very comfortable with an amazing view of the Chicago River and Michigan Ave, Room service was superb (we were allowed to order after hours). I would stay at the Swissotel again without question. Parking was a little high compared to others in the area ($49) but we had in /out privledges, and I got the room for $70 a night on priceline.com. My husband and I were there with our 6 year old daughter, who felt like princess. Our room was excellent, very clean, nice smelling, very comfortable beds, great plasma TV, very quiet!!	
Mar 22 2008 	Okay with some snags	Booked a two-night stay on Priceline, expecting the Hyatt but received the Swissotel. I stay in hotels all the time, so I was excited to try a new one. The location is not as good as a lot of other hotels, but it's not awful. At check-in the clerk noticed I had booked on Priceline, confirmed the number of nights, and then wordlessly made keys to my room. Not an auspicious start, considering other hotels at least pretend to care by discussing my smoking and bed preferences and giving me a brief rundown on the hotel amenities and restaurants (he didn't). I ended up with a double on the 7th floor - I would've preferred a King since I was alone, but it was one of the renovated rooms so I decided to keep it. The room was fine - neutral modern decor in varying shades of beige, flatscreen TV, and a nice view of the city. The bathroom was spacious, with a separate shower and tub. The bed was comfortable, but would have liked a firmer pillow. There were a number of details that made my stay not-so-great: 1. No soap for the sink or shower! They brought some up right away, but it really set the tone for the rest of the stay. 2. Wireless internet was not working. Had to call tech-support on my cell since toll-free calls are charged by the hotel. Tech-support (IBAHN) called the front desk to have an ethernet cable sent to my room. An hour later, I had to call again because I still had not received the cable. Wired internet was good, and you can roam with Boingo or T-Mobile accounts. 3. My room was never made-up. I left the hotel for 4 hours in the afternoon with the do-not-disturb sign removed, but it was not serviced when I returned. Of course, by then there was no point in calling housekeeping because I didn't want to wait in the lobby while they tidied up. 4. Construction noise on the second morning was super-annoying, as if they were putting together furniture with a hammer in the next room, with periodic drill usage thrown in for good measure. 5. Had a $21.98 minibar charge on my invoice before check-out when I hadn't used anything, or even picked anything up off the sensors since none of the contents were very exciting. They removed the charge, but had no explanation for why it happened. (FYI: there is a market one block south of the Hyatt that has wine/beer and food for reasonable prices until 2am, and a Dominick's (Safeway) grocery store across the river open til 1am.)Overall, the hotel is a comfortable business hotel, but could stand to improve its service.	
Mar 10 2008 	Loved the hotel	We got a special on hotwire - $82 per night. IMO this was an excellent value for the price! The rooms are large and well-appointed (although we did get 2 single beds instead of aking, which we would have preferred), the staff was very professional and friendly, and the view was striking! We'd go back without hesitation!	
Mar 5 2008 	nice hotel	Nice hotel. clean. we had a decent view from the 21st floor. Good location, within walking distance to the mag mile. Had an appetizer at the Lobby Lounge, and the food came from the Palm Restaurant. Good food. $10 glass of wine was nothing too exciting.The pool was great, on the 42nd floor. Nice view of Navy Pier. Noone was in the pool but us, so that was very nice. Can valet park for $30/day or so. Street parking is limited to none. When I inquired about public/street parking upon check in, I was told &quot;we valet park here, ma'am&quot;. The bartender at the Lobby was not rude, but was not pleasant either. Could have had a bit nicer service.There was a lot of construction going on down the hall during the day. It was very noisy, but no issues whatsoever in the evenings or at night.Our air conditioner made a continuous clicking noise. Wasn't irritating enough to make a complaint.Overall this hotel was good. Great deal for the price we paid on priceline. Would stay here again for the price but would not pay the price as seen on other websites.	
Mar 3 2008 	Clean convenient dated.	Stayed a weekend here via priceline for $77 per night (plus $49 per night parking fee.) Our initial room was not what we requested (and confirmed via the front desk after the priceline reservation.) Although it was a very modern room with large flat screen TV and office-likeappearance, the two small beds were not the King we were promised. After a five minute hassle with the front desk we were moved to the room we were promised, only it wasn't nearly as nice as the first room. Our room was dated with an old TV that probably came from a garage sale and a matching &quot;stereo&quot; system equally antiquated. Aside from this lack of modern convenience, the room was clean although devoid of view. Our experience inllustrated the inconsistentcies that plague this chain, which should be able to do better for its customers.	
Feb 17 2008 	Lovely polite comfy	My husband and I stayed at the Swissotel while he attended a company convention. We read the mixed reviews on this site and were a bit concerned about what we might find. We were honestly very pleased.The hotel is located about 4 blocks from Michigan Ave. On a nice day, it would've been a lovely walk to the Magnificent Mile. But Chicago was having the worst blizzard since 1998, so I took a cab. It cost $5 from the hotel to the Water Tower. Before I left, I asked the concierge for shopping info: the polite gentleman gave me a map, pointed out well known stores, and gave me a 10% discount coupon to Macy's and Bloomingdales. Our room was on the 32nd floor with a closeup view of a construction site and a frozen Lake Michigan in the distance. We weren't interested in a view. But we noticed gorgeous views of Navy Pier and the Wrigley Building from many of the hallway windows, so you might be able to request a room-with-a-view if it was important to you. The construction outside could not be heard at all from our room.The room was not &quot;grand&quot;, but very nice: puffy white bedspreads, lots of pillows, comfortable double beds, a desk with wireless access (cost was $9 per 24 hours), decent TV, well-stocked minibar, in-room movies. The bathroom was roomy, with both a tub and separate shower (the plumbing was a little noisy). We were very comfortable.After shopping in the blizzard, I tried to order a late lunch at the lobby cafe -- but even though the desk clerk said it was open there was no one around. It was cozy sitting by the fireplace, but after 15 minutes I got tired and left. I ended up ordering room service. It was delivered within 15 minutes: a fabulous herb-filled tuna salad wrap and gorgeous fruit (huge portions that I could've easily shared).Hubby's conference met that evening on the top floor with a panoramic view of the skyline -- very lovely in a blizzard! The hotel buffet had fabulous food. The waite staff was annoying: talking loudly among themselves, taking away plates while you were still nibbling, bringing the wrong drinks, etc. The next night we had a late supper in The Palm Restaurant on the main floor. The atmosphere was low key - like a private club. The staff was unbelievably friendly and efficient. When our waiter found out we were on a low-carb diet, instead of bringing a bread bowl he presented a plate of their famous pickles and radishes and told us the story of how that used to be The Palm's signature appetizer in the good-old-days. The steaks were out-of-this-world. A business woman dining alone told us that she always eats there because she doesn't feel like an &quot;odd duck&quot; being on her own. Our meal was expensive, but worth it.Check out was a noon. We wanted to go to the art institute and were allowed to check out bags until we returned. Very handy.We had a great stay. We'd stay again.	
Jan 31 2008 	nice hotel near magnificiant mile	Nice hotel near the millenium park and the magnificiant mile. Hotel was very clean and modern and there are mainly business guests. At that time our room was towards a constructions site, but it was not noisy. Only the view wasn't that nice. Altogether a nice and modern business hotel with all kind of service, but nothing with individuality and charme.	
Jan 29 2008	Great location but rooms need some work	This is a great spot in Chicago---the hotel is shaped like a triangle and all views are fantastic. Loved the European styles in the lobby and restaurant. Room service was good and the staff extremely friendly. Bathroom had a tub and a separate shower stall--nice touch.However the furniture in the room seemed very dated. Perhaps the hotel is in the midst of replacing the furnishings. The TV was non plasma (an old Zenith or RCA tube TV--like something you'd find in an EconoLodge). Well-stocked mini bar, however. Upgrade the furnishings and you may have a five star place here.	
Jan 29 2008 	Loved it the First time Hated It The Second	When my boyfriend and I stayed here for our anniversary, I loved it. We upgraded to a suite and everyone was so helpful and nice that I wanted to return. BIG MISTAKE!!!! I went back a few months later with my best friend. All on the way from Milwaukee I was telling her how everyone was so nice and the rooms are beautiful. We get there and they tell us they overbooked the hotel and they were moving us to a suite but that it was just like as a regular room. I get to the &quot;ROOM&quot; and it was horrible. It was an office space with a murphy bed, they said it was a king size bed. No my queen size bed at home was bigger than that. The shower was nasty and the door wouldnt close. The tub had a semidirt ring ughhhhhhhhh.I went downstairs to complain and some man said in a very condecending tone, &quot;Well when you book off of Hotwire you get what we give you&quot; Excuse me, I pay my money like everyone else. He then told me that they have no more rooms available and i was just going to have to deal with it since i was only staying a night. O really?? I called from my cell phone and asked if they had any rooms available and they said yes its blah blah blah. I went downstairs and complained some more. Is this how they treat everyone or is it because I look a lot younger than I am?I asked to speak with a manager before I lost my cool with him. They got me someone else and all they could give me was breakfast. We came down for a party and werent going to be up by breakfast time. I walked away and went to get ready for my party. It was an all white affair(everyone wears white clothing) and the iron spit black gunk on my white pants, glad I had a backup. The next morning at checkout, the woman i spoke with was very nice she apologized for the man last night comp'd me lunch and took care of my parking. It was a nice gesture but still didnt take away from them putting me in an office. I wouldnt recommend it to anyone. Hotwire refunded my stay and asked if that ever happened again to call them a.s.a.p and they would move me to a different hotel	
Jan 15 2008 	Comfortable!	Stayed for 3 nights the first part of December. Hotel was booked by tour bus company. I found the hotel room to be very comfortable. It took them a bit to get my luggage to my room, however there was alot of luggage and I was on one of the top floors. Loved the Aveda shampoo/conditioner/lotion etc. It was replenished everyday. I always like that. Was within walking distance to the Magnificent Mile and had nice little bakery down the street. I didn't dine in the hotel, so I can't tell you about the food. Walking back to the hotel after the theatre was not a problem, felt very safe, although it was Christmas time and the streets were packed. I would go back. I rated it 3 circles because I actually didn't utilize any of their ammenities at the hotel so I really can't judge. I was gone all day shopping. But when I got back to my room it was very comfortable. Maybe though they could have more channels and a larger TV.	
Jan 14 2008 	Pleasant stay	Our arrival was greeted with ever-ready doormen to carry our little suitcases. Check-in was easy as well. Considering we booked from hotwire, we expected a not so great room (based on some previous reviews) but were pleasantly surprised at our room on the 27th floor with a king bed. Couldn't beat the price either-$89/night! We had a wonderful view of Lake Michigan and the Navy Pier. There is an indoor pool/sauna and gym on the top floor. In the lobby is The Palm restaurant. We sat at the bar only but the bartenders were wonderfully expedient with everything.There is also another lobby lounge adjacent to the restaurant which seemed just fine. Concierge was helpful in directing us to a pharmacy since the airlines took our ever dangerous toothpaste and hairgel.Back to the room...it was right next to the elevator but it didn't bother us. Only heard it a bit while awake. The only thing I can complain about is the sink faucet and shower had some dripping but it didn't bother us really...just something I noticed. I loved the pillows and the bed was comfy. Oh and the location of the hotel is not bad. About two blocks from Michigan Ave. To get to other parts of the city we did drive. We didn't take the metro so not sure if it's convenient or not. For the price we paid, it certainly was worth it. Now parking in the city and garages, that's a different story, quite pricey!!	
Jan 6 2008 	Amazing and Luxurious!	Spacious room, Clean Bathroom, Great location and Breathtaking view! I would definitely recommend staying here. It is a short walk from here to the Magnificient Mile. I definitely recommend staying here for any trip to Chicago. I hope you enjoy this hotel as much as I did!	
Jan 3 2008	Go somewhere else - lots of noise!	Let me start by saying that this hotel is currently under renovation with completion set for April 2008 according to their website. I actually got a renovated room, so I was pleased when I was given that. When I got to the room, I thought the new rooms would have a plasma since the website implies the new rooms would have them, but I guess those come later (by April). The existing TV's remote control didn't work. I called down and was told it wouldn't be long to come up and fix. 45 minutes later, the maid knocked on my door with drinking glasses to bring in the room. She then proceeded to wash them in our sink with our towels! She didn't replace them. I asked about the remote and she got one from another room. I also mentioned that there was no privacy slip for the door which she also got from another room. I called downstairs and canceled the request for a new remote.The toilet constantly trickles into the upper bowl which is quite loud.... make sure you close the bathroom door at night! We stayed the night of Jan 1, 2008 on the 5th floor and it was quite cold and windy that night. The window must have a bad seal, because there was this loud whistling sound ALL night and I couldn't sleep a wink. I had to turn on the TV just to cancel it out a little bit. At 8am, I was thanked for my night of sleeplessness with drilling and hammering on the 6th floor above me for the renovation. Had a nice view to the North of a building being constructed. You can hear that too.Finally, if you book on a discount site, prepare to be blatantly told that you are a second-class citizen. I called ahead the night before to request a king bed and was told that nothing is guaranteed since I booked on a third-party site. I guess this is to be expected.When I told the front-desk about these problems on check-out, I was told that they would make a note of it and that the hammering should not have started that early. (note: I had to mention this.....no question like &quot;How was your stay, sir?&quot;) The front desk made no effort to compensate me at all for these problems. Parking is $49/night with in-an-out. You can park on the street just east of the hotel on Wacker at meters that you pay only from 8am-9pm, so overnight is free. The meters are 25 cents for 5 minutes. If you must pay for parking, there is also the East Monroe Garage about 3 blocks South (enter on Columbus). It's $13 up to 12 hours, $17 to 16 hours, $20 to 24 hours.If you want to stay in this immediate area, go next door to the Hyatt or the Fairmont.	
Jan 1 2008 	Loved the view	We had a room overlooking Lake Michigan. We could see the ferris wheel on Navy Pier and everything looked so pretty. Even thou it was a little chilly outside, it was great to just be able to sit back and enjoy the view. We were on the 27th floor. My husband and I enjoy going to Chicago for the night especially during the holidays. The Swissotel is a favorite of ours. We had driven to the hotel, but we didn't use valet parking. We checked out a couple of parking lots that were in walking distance and ended up paying $29 for 24 hours which we didn't think was too bad.I did notice that the bottles of water that they have in the rooms sell for $6 which I think is rediculous. I also think that there is a fee to use the fitness room. Needless to say, we didn't buy the water or use the fitness room. Everyone was very friendly and we will definitely go there again. The room that we had was right next to the elevators and we were afraid that it might keep us up during the night, but it really didn't which really surprised us. The room was very quiet.	
Dec 26 2007 	Great view good location	Stayed at this hotel during the last week of October when my husband had a conference in the nearby Hyatt Regency. We were upgraded to a corner room with a view of Navy Pier becuase they had not noted our request for a king room. There were no king rooms available when we checked in and the woman at the front desk was not overly helpful until we produced a copy of our confirmation wtih the king bed request on it. The upgraded room was spacious, clean, and the view was outstanding. The tub and shower were a bit small, but they were tolerable. The staff at the hotel did not seem too overly helpful, but the staff at the Palms was absolutely excellent, as was the late-night dinner we had there on our arrival night. I loved the location and the fact that you can take an underground tunnel to the Hyatt and Michigan Avenue. Overall, it was a nice stay ,and I would definately reccomend Swissotel over the Hyatt Regency for anyone who has a conference at the Hyatt ( I stayed there during a conference in May 2005--very ordinary, to say the least.)	
Dec 26 2007 	If you love noise this is for you.	Very Very noisy - Constant water running through pipes. It was terrible!! There are much better hotels to stay at in Chicago. Thier parking rate is obnoxious ($42.00 a night) and way too far out to walk to much. If you must stay here, try to park for free on dead end street (feed meter on weekdays) and take the stairs down to the next street level and you will find a Jewel grocery store for sodas/snacks. (A can of soda at the hotel was $4.50 plus 18% restocking fee!!)	
Dec 26 2007 	Nice hotel overall a few minor flaws	We were awarded this hotel on a Priceline bid and got a room with a city view on the 21st floor. Some of my friends have stayed at Swissotel with mixed reviews. We were happy with the hotel and found it to be very comfortable and well appointed. We wanted a hotel that would be close to Michigan Ave and Millenium Park and it was perfect in that regard. The staff was very friendly and helpful too. Here's a rundown of our &quot;pros&quot; and &quot;cons&quot; overall. Pros: very nice pool and spa on the 42nd floor, rooms and lobby were clean, easy walk to Michigan Ave through via the lower level walkway to the Illinois State center, beds were comfortable.Cons: no free internet access ($9.95/day) is a major no no these days. Slight mold found in shower. Fan for room heating/air was noisy at times - it literally sounded like a woodpecker at 2am one night. No room fridge except the well-stocked but highly monitored fridge loaded with snacks and booze. Ice machines are not on every floor, so to keep your own beverage cold you may need to go quite a way to get ice. When you do find the ice, it is in a service area often cluttered with maid carts. There is no vending in this building either, but you can get snacks at the gift shop. You're better off going down to the Dunkin Donuts near the walkway to the Illinois Center, it's a quick walk.Also, there is a condo tower being built on the North side of the building. Construction could be noisy at lower levels, but personally I was fascinated to have such a good view of the construction activity, cranes, etc. Guys will like it but I could see it being a problem if you're trying to work quietly or have a sleeping baby.Overall, it is a nice hotel but I would be hesitant to pay what the going rate seems to be. See if you can get a special deal through priceline, hotwire, or elsewhere.	
Dec 14 2007 	Good location for fireworks from the parade	We stayed here for our anniversary. I booked a room with a soaking tub. It was an old bathtub. They charged us a higher rate because we had a view of Navy Pier. The room had a strong chemical smell .It was the weekend of the Disney Parade and it was crowded everywhere so rates were higher.When we arrived the parking lot was full. My husband took the car to the garage and the hotel staff picked him up. There were long lines to check in and long lines to get on the elevator. I agree with the reviewer who wondered how this hotel got rated so highly. It seems rather old and we have stayed at nicer places. We have stayed next door at the Hyatt and I would stay there next time instead.	
Dec 12 2007 	Glad I didn't pay full price!	I'm so glad I didn't pay full price for our room...I booked a two night stay (Sun &amp; Mon) and paid $85 a night on Priceline. Go for it if you don't mind an average room. I have stayed in nicer places for less than what the room would normally have cost. It is at a dead end, but is still within a reasonable distance from MI Ave. So you have to walk a couple blocks....it's exercise. The staff was nice, but no smiling faces or hellos as you passed by. The fridge in the room...don't even touch it. You'll get charged for moving ANYTHING. The prices are ridiculous anyway. The parking...here's the secret....if you plan on walking everywhere, park in the garage underneath the building next door. You have to enter it from Randolph. Park close to the elevator and go to the Lobby. It will bring you to the lobby of the building and the exit is just a few steps and it's a few steps to the hotel. It's $29 a day. But remember, no in and out. I won't be staying at the Swissotel again. It's a 4 star but I can't figure out where.	
Dec 3 2007 	great hotel in great location	the swissotel is a cracking hotel just off the magnificent mile and on lake michigan, and the views are superb.the hotel is very clean, well presented and the staff were quick and efficient. they had an excellent christmas tree in reception, once of the nicest i had seen in a hotel, and a house made out of chocolate for the kids.would recommend this hotel and stay there again for sure.	
Dec 2 2007 	Sore Feet - bad location	I rely heavily on what other people say about a hotel, thus, I'm writing this review. My hotel stay came about through a priceline bid. We paid $147 (without taxes) per night; Saturday arrival, Sunday departure. Our goal was to Christmas shop; first weekend of December stay.First and foremost, the location is terrible. &quot;Close to&quot; means quite a hike. Just to get to Michigan Avenue was several blocks. Then, you are at the END of Michigan Avenue. To get to the good stores you have another hike. To get to State Street to see the original Macy's and more shopping, it was an even further hike. I'm 37 years old and when I crawled into bed that evening I ached all over, but mostly my feet were killing me. My friend felt the same way; the next day our hips ached from all the walking. (By the end of the day we did start paying for taxi rides; we were miserable.)Secondly, the hotel is rated a four star and I didn't get why. It was simply a very average room. And, by the way, if you move anything in the refrigerator, you will be charged for it. The products have sensors on them. We put a piece of cheesecake in the refrigerator and had to move the items around to make it fit. The next morning we had over $60 in minibar charges that we had to dispute. Not much of a dispute; they took them off the bill without questioning us...but it was still ridiculous.Food is beyond expensive. Two decaf coffees, one bagel with cream cheese, and a small blueberry muffin at the &quot;bar&quot; in the lobby cost $18. Staff was very, very professional; however, where is the smile? Where is the kindness? Even asking the concierge was like talking to a drill sargeant. I just want nice!I did ask for a room upgrade...a &quot;lake view.&quot; I was told it was $30 more. I declined.My friend's room was also handicap. Her toilet was very high...and she's short. It was very awkward for her. Then, the toilet seat cover didn't fit the toilet bowl shape. Also awkward. Just would have been nice if she had been told so she had the option of declining such a room. Our biggest problem with this hotel truly came down to the location. We agreed that we would not stay at the Swissotel again. Our feet couldn't take it again. Don't forget a swimsuit if you stay, you'll need it for the hottub on the 42nd floor. Your body will ache from walking.	
Nov 25 2007 	Disappointing	We travel to Chicago frequently and have stayed in many of the hotels downtown. We were excited to try the Swissotel, but left disappointed. The actual hotel and rooms were very nice with amazing views, the staff was extremely rude. The man that checked us in was on the phone and did not acknowledge us until he was done with his phone call. He then did not say more than five words, which were &quot;I need a credit card&quot;. The lobby bar had fireplaces and was very cozy. The hotel information said it closed at 2am so we came back to hotel at 1230am for a &quot;night cap&quot;, that was last call. That was fine for us, but the bar was full and many people were coming back from their night wanting a &quot;night cap&quot; but did not make last call. Our night ended listening to many unhappy people complaining and receiving no sympathy from the employees. There are many places to stay in the area that are just as nice or nicer, no need to stay at the Swissotel again. Definitely don't stay if you're looking for a romantic weekend away, the employees will ruin your experience from the second you walk in the door.	
Nov 14 2007	Terrible Experience. Avoid this hotel.	My room had no internet connection, had florescent lights that could not be manually turned off until we had an AV tech come, honestly one of the worst business hotels I have stayed in.Also, this hotel frequently overbooks and sends people away if you arrive late. This happened to me on a separate trip. Beware.	
Nov 12 2007	Parking=$49/ night!	Folks, this place has seen its better days. My husband and I have been traveling to Chicago for more than 20 years and have stayed at the Swissotel many times. It used to be such a lovely hotel but it is really worn out now and it just seems to get worse every year. Fixtures in the bathrooms are rusted, furniture is old and banged up, the beds are uncomfortable, the pillows worn out, etc. And, they have raised the parking rates to $49 per day! We'll never go back. Such a shame...	
Nov 8 2007 	Nice but there's better	I recently stayed there for a business trip and if you have something at the Gleacher Center ( a popular meeting space ) it's a perfect location. The rooms are spacious and have nice views, I was NOT impressed with the mattress and every, little, tiny thing costs money. Local calls even cost money so forget ordering take out. The staff is very pleasant and are truly an international group. I would not stay there again because the price was, in my opinion, not worth what you got. I stayed at another hotel that was closer to Michigan Avenue, and for MUCH less than the Swissotel was charging, I had a full kitchen, free hot breakfast AND hot dinner, free internet, a bedroom and living room, and more convenience to night life. The Swissotel is not far from Michigan Avenue, easy walking distance, but its somewhat secluded as far as the hotels go. Not bad, depending on if you've got lots of money to spend. They even sell Audis on the premises!	
Nov 7 2007 	Great hotel!	This is a great hotel. Very well equiped, the rooms are spacious and very comfortable with every thing you need. From almost every room you have a view to the river and to part of Michigan Ave. The location is very good, within walking distance to restaurants, and fine stores on Michigan Avenue. It is also somewhat close to the park, Navy Pier and the Museum of Natural Science.Service is excellent, the personnel strive to make you feel better. The concierge is very savy and can direct you to the best restaurants and help you with the reservations.The hotel is very quiet and very business oriented. But it would be a very good hotel for a family vacation on Chicago.This was my second option, since the other hotel was totally booked, I decided to stay at this hotel and I am very satisfied with the experience. I surely recommend this hotel...	
Oct 17 2007 	Great Location	Stayed here for a conference October 9-13, 2007. We had a group rate of $239 but found out the room really went for $500! We flew in at 5:30 am and the hotel let us check in early at 9 - we were exhausted so this was welcome. We upgraded to a window room - room 804. This is a fabulous room with great views of the Chicago River, Navy Pier and Lake Michigan. Hotel is in a great location - we walked to restraunts, museums, parks etc... the Mag MIle is very close as well. The bed, as noted in earlier posts, is not what I would expect from a hotel as nice as this. But it was still comfortable. The staff have impeccable manners! I think this is what you pay for - parking is $49/day, the gym is $12/day, the restraunt is very pricey etc... But the staff treat you like royalty. One very simple, but very appreciated touch was the water service in the front lobby. It was ice cold and filled with citrus - very refreshing after walking the city, even on cold days.	
Sep 25 2007 	Good Hotel Not Great	Booked this after much deliberation on forums and diff't web sites. Overall, very nice hotel. GOOD: Had lake room on 18th floor and view was awesome! Room was nice. Clean, bathroom nice/new. Location is OUTSTANDING! Concierge was helpful if any questionsBAD: TV was cheap. Reception not that great (lots of fuzzy channels). Pillows on bed were VERY fluffy/soft. I am not one who likes very soft/fluffy pillows. 'Fridge full with minibar items, so could not put anything in fridge.Most of the bad are very little things, but ones I should mention in case those are important to you. OVerall, nice hotel. Got a very good deal on travelzoo, so would stay there again if price was right.	
Sep 21 2007 	Not Up to Swiss Standards	One would think that a hotel called &quot;Swissotel&quot; would pride itself on cleanliness. However, the hotel does not provide toothbrushes if you forget yours (they were out, or so they claimed), and they don't offer mouthwash either (enjoy your hike to Walgreens if you need forgotten bathroom items). Overall, this hotel from top to bottom - service, furnishings, beds, appeal - is akin to a mediocre Holiday Inn. Most Embassy Suites and/or Hampton Inns are nicer and friendlier...and much cheaper.	
Sep 20 2007 	A fine choice but beware of minibar	The Swissotel is a moderately sized 43 floor hotel that caters to business travelers. It is superbly located downtown on the South bank of the Chicago River, and overlooks Lake Michigan. It offers a good alternative to some of the larger, chain hotels nearby, such as the Hyatt, by being smaller, less hectic, and perhaps more personal. My room was clean, well decorated, and quite large, though not particularly luxurious. It had the usual amenities, making for a pleasant stay. Additional pluses are an indoor pool and gym on the 42nd floor, with some spectacular views, and internet connection at a reasonable price ($10/d). For the price I paid ($230 per night + plus usual fees - a convention rate) it seemed like a good value. There were a few glitches along the way. My first room had a loose window, producing an amazing howl, so I moved nearby. The bathroom was fine, though strangely, had only one small bar of soap. Most annoying was the minibar. As noted in other reviews, it has an automatic sensor, so that if you simply move an item, you are charged for it. Given the inflated price of items, plus sales tax and 19% restocking fee, moving a jar of cashews can be an expensive experience.Overall, I liked this hotel quite a bit and would probably return. The fabulous location and someone more personal scale of the place is a plus. However, if the rack rate is much higher, I would also look more closely at the competition.	
Sep 20 2007	Very Pleased with Swissotel	We checked in on 9/13/07. Daniella was very friendly and courteous. We booked from TravelZoo for a $109 per nite rate for two nites. We got in our room facing the Chicago River and the city(there was nothing wrong with this room) but made the mistake of seeing the Navy Pier view while waiting for the elevator. We went back and paid the extra $30 per nite for that view and was never sorry that we did. Our room was very comfortable, the bed was GREAT as were the the amenities. We parked in Systems Parking at the Millenium parking garage. It was $28 per day, but that was better than $49 at the hotel. We found everyone to be very friendly and helpful. People on the street asked if we needed directions and a very nice young man pointed us to Houlihan's. We ate on the patio and people watched and enjoyed it very much. We took the Chicago Trolley Tour and really liked it. The concierge at the hotel gave us directions to catch the trolley, also to Giordano's which is also walking distance. Please do not miss this restaurant if you're in the Chicago area. My husband and I are both seniors but had no problem with the walking involved. We loved Chicago and the Swissotel and would not hesitate to return. The only negative was noise(running water and etc.) from other rooms but not nearly bad enough for us not to stay there again.	
Sep 4 2007 	Good choice for the right price. Too many negatives at full price.	The Swissotel Chicago is a decent choice for the business or leisure traveler. However the number of small negatives makes you think about staying other places.We managed to catch a $169/night rate on a summer weekend which isn't bad for the hotel location with a great view of the Chicago River and Lake Michigan. We even got upgraded to one of the corner rooms (room numbered x04) which also looked west toward Michigan Ave and the Wrigley building. At night it was cool just to turn off the lights and watch the city from your room.There are a few things to keep in mind and annoyances that affected our stay.1.Most expensive hotel parking in Chicago at $49/night. During our weekend I checked other hotels in the area and they varied from $35 to $45.a.You can save money with a little work if staying over during the weekend. Upper Wacker dead-ends right by the hotel and there’s some street parking in the u-turn area. They’re got $3/hour metered parking (2 hour max) along this stretch 9am to 8pm Monday to Saturday. If you’re willing to take the time and energy you can save money by plugging the meters. Plus since we didn’t park all day and drove to some events where public transport/taxis weren’t an option. So we saved money by paying for only the early morning and evening. Plus like I said Sundays are free.2.Noise is an issue. a.There’s a condo building being built next door so you’ll be greeted at 7am by the noise of heavy equipment construction. This will surely get worse as right now (August 07) they’re only on the foundation: as the building rises the noise will get worse as they get closer to guest rooms. b.CTA and tour buses idle in front of the hotel on the part of Upper Wacker that dead-ends by the hotel.If you’re a light sleeper I would highly consider getting a higher floor city view room. I’m a deep sleeper and even had some troubles.3.While the sheets/blankets were nice, the bedding and pillow were sub-par. The mattress in our room needs to be replaced ASAP.4.High speed internet is $10/day. The WiFi signals weren’t the best, but at least there was a wired Ethernet connection as a backup.5.Furniture looks like newer patterns, but the wood is beat up badly.6.Shower stall is very small: almost reminds you of a old style phone booth. I’m 6’ 3” and 200lbs so I’m a tall but normal build guy. The shower head was fine height but I kept bumping my knees, elbows, shoulders and head when trying to take a shower. Someone of a heavy build, pregnant or older age would have a real problem and be stuck taking a bath. 7.The gym on one of the top floors has a lot of great equipment and even better views. Full slate of cardio, cable machines and free weights that would rival a normal gym. However at $12/day per person we skipped it and took a long walk along the lake.8.The lobby isn’t the best design and can easily get very clogged when the traffic level gets high. One time I had to say “excuse me” to six different people to get from the front door to the elevators.9.Not enough storage. Beyond the closet there wasn’t any other place in our room to put our luggage/clothes. No drawers or similar place to keep stuff out of the open.It wasn’t all bad. 1.The hotel staff was courteous and helpful.2.The rooms were very clean.3.Heating/AC control worked very well.4.Large selection of TV channels.Also one last note: the door handles only work upwards. Was tough for me since my office is the opposite.While at the price we paid I could overlook a lot of these issues. But if I paid the $300+/night most websites were charging, I would check other hotels out.	
Sep 3 2007 	Losing its focus...	I used to stay often in this Swissotel, but after new owners assumed management in 2003, the refined touches (such as free chocolates at the front desk) disappeared, and as of August 2007, the absence of any updating has begun to show. Among the signs apparent in my room: two stains in the carpet, a mildewy odor in the shower, and a nonspecific whooshing noise from outside (elevator machinery?). Other inconveniences: no self-parking, the door to the underground concourse joining the hotel to the nearby Hyatt Regency and Michigan Avenue is closed at 5 p.m. (surely 9 p.m. would be satisfactory for security), and a slight air of detachment by the staff. One further example of why this hotel isn't thinking things through: the hotel has over 600 rooms, and yet the gift shop stocks no more than 11 copies of the New York Times in the morning, and sometimes only 2 (or so the attendant advised me). Business travelers have better options a few blocks away in the near North -- notwithstanding the great views of Navy Pier and the lake from many high floors...	
Aug 31 2007 	Decent choice	Reading the mixed reviews before going to the Swissotel in Chicago made me hesitate. While I can't speak against those other poor reviews I can only base my review on my direct (and therefore limited) experience.We stayed there on Aug 20-23, 38th floor, Room 3817. We had it on a discount deal. The place was clean and quiet, as we requested a high floor and a quiet room. Our room was a south facing room, directly in front of a shorter office building with construction going on right beneath us, and a new construction to our left that did not obstruct us so was ok. Between buildings on the right, we could see parts of Millennium Park and between buildings on the left, we could see the Marina. Personally, we liked this view, particularly at night, as we are from Washington, DC and don't have tall buildings and the goings-on around them. Construction noise was minimal from this height, and I've been in som noisy hotels; it wasn't much more noise than any hotel located in a big city.The bed was clean, well made, and comfy (to us), which was a bit harder than ours at home. The carpet was very clean and looked new or refurbished. The bathroom was decent with an open design and bright lights; it seemed bigger than average and looks like a retro-1930's fashion/art deco without being garish or gaudy at all. There were some small water stains on the tile in the shower, but by gosh, you'd need to look pretty hard at it to know. The tv, btw, had some volume control issues but that was minor. The a/c was a big refresher from the hot humid days we stayed during the big rain storms that week.I think the Swissotel is a reliable choice. I kept thinking whether this is a 4-star. It's not a 3-star. I'd say 3.5 star. For the price, it is a deal either way you look at it. However, with the much more expensive competitors right next door, I think its a decent place for the more budget minded business or tourist traveller, though it doesn't seem directly aimed at the family travellers. They are right next door to KPMG and do a lot of convention business but it wasn't as fancy nor terrible as some seem to have written.I'll have to upload a few photos soon.	
Aug 31 2007	Very Nice Stay	We stayed at the Swissotel for a special birthday weekend for my wife from Aug 25 to 29. I had called ahead to ask for a nice room and to order flowers for my wife. Jaymes Ballard, the Concierge, made arrange for flowers, early check-in and we had a great room. Our room was the 33rd floor with a view facing the city. Room was large, everything looked like new, great bed, large bathroom with separate shower, great ammenities. A beautiful bouquet of flowers arrived upon our arrival. The hotel is about 10 mins from everything, not close but not far from anything. Has a great restaurant, 2 patios outside where I had a cigar. A really nice pool and hot tub on the 42nd floor. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and thanks to Jaymes for making our trip very special.	
Aug 29 2007 	Great hotel with great deficiencies	Swissotel Chicago is good hotel, very nice, very helpful and nice staff. But one of the 500 best hotels in the world, as they proclaim themselves, has too many deficiencies for the price you pay and to be REALLY in the top 500. First of all, the prices are just too ridiculous, for instance 1l of bottled water in your room is 6USD, the items in you minibar are also too pricey. Second, the minibar has sensors, and these sensors are not working very well, so prepare yourself you a shock when paying your room bill (I had six items on my bill, but haven’t at all used the minibar). Third, TV programs are the disgrace. You only have 28 programs, at least half of those are not working at all, and the rest are not working very well, constantly keep rustling. Such hotel should offer impeccable TV with vast array of program choices. And fourth, gym is not included in your room price; only the pool, and the pool is not very clean (I found hair floating in it). All in all, good hotel, nice big rooms, but TOO MANY small defects, to be really in the top category.	
Aug 28 2007	Nice Place	I stayed in an executive suite at the Swissotel 8/24-8/26. The suite had two bathrooms, living room, and a separate bedroom. Our suite was on the 35th floor and had a great view. The furniture was a little worn but the hotel's service and location made up for it. I would definately stay here again. If you get an opportunity to see the musical &quot;Wicked&quot;, do it, it was great.	
Aug 27 2007 	Great suite great views	My family of four stayed at the Swissotel Chicago for a weekend. The location is good as a base for touring Chicago. Millennium Park, Michigan Avenue, Loop Theaters and Navy Pier are all five to fifteen minute walks from the hotel. There is a free trolley to all popular tourist attractions which stops at the Hyatt, just a block away.The staff at the hotel is efficient although they didn’t distinguish themselves from other higher-end hotels. Things were done quickly and for the most part correctly. Good for business, maybe a bit brusque for the tourist crowd.I’ve stayed with my family at the hotel previously in two connecting rooms which were nice but unremarkable. This time, no connecting rooms were available so we booked a one-bedroom, 1.5 bath suite. What a difference! The view was spectacular (see photos), the room very spacious and the “.5 bath” was small but had a full shower so it was essentially a full bath as well. The pull-out sofa was OK for our two kids (10 &amp; 13). The bedroom was very nice and well-appointed. We also had a wet bar and refrigerator in addition to the mini-bar. Our room included access to the Executive Floor where complimentary continental breakfast, cocktails and desserts were served. We enjoyed the breakfast although the other evening food service was a bit skimpy.The Swissotel Chicago can be a good deal – they often have reduced rates on their suites. In our case, it was cheaper than two connecting rooms and a far better experience. Rooms at the hotel are getting somewhat tired. There was a sign indicating an upcoming renovation so ask when you book a room.	
Aug 27 2007 	Very Nice Hotel but......	This is an excellent hotel in an excellent location. The rooms, especially the beds, are quite comfortable. Terrific bathrooms, great views, spacious, quiet and clean. And, you can frequently get some excellent rates: I've stayed there twice over the summer, once for only $109 per night. However, a couple of watch-outs: first, the breakfast is very expensive and not very good; go to Lou Mitchell's instead for a taste of real Chicago; if you have a rental car, you are captive to their ridiculously expensive parking - $49/day - and there's really no alternative parking around; they charge a fee for using the health club which is shocking at a hotel of this caliber - it's a decent enough work out room with great views, but come on - $10.80 a pop? And, finally, they charge ridiculous fees if you're there on business, i.e., they charged me $7.50 to receive a Fed-Ex package!!! (And, they didn't even bother telling me the package was there until 12 hours after it arrived!) The front desk staff can be clueless about this stuff, too, just handing you attitude if you complain.	
Aug 24 2007	Loved Swissotel--	We stayed at the Swissotel Chicago recently and got a suite so our toddler could stay in a crib in a separate room. We really enjoyed it and got tickets to see Wicked from the concierge who then sent us up a bottle of complimentary wine. We hired a babysitter through a great nanny service...the hotel was great, the service was wonderful and room service was quick. Whenever you asked for something, they were there within minutes. The suite was big and nice, but I will say the only negative, it looked a little worn. Other than that, I would stay there again. We were right near Millenuim Park which was just fun and beautiful. I highly reccommend this hotel.	
Aug 20 2007 	Early check-in/$3 Boarding Pass Charge	I was very pleased when the front desk allowed me to check-in at 8:30am. But boy was I let down when I was told there was a $3 fee, per person, per boarding pass being printing. An employee said this fee started just recently. Overall, the room was nice, huge bath robes, spacious bathroom, three chairs in the room. Room service got my breakfast order wrong but they made it up the next day when I ordered a kids meal and got enough food for three people. Rooms in this hotel are noisy though...anytime anyone turns on water - above, below, or beside you - you can hear it! A cab to the State Street Macy's was $4. If you need a paper before the lobby store opens, go to the coffee bar and they will let you have one.	
Aug 17 2007	Horrible take a pass	Recently stayed her for 3 days for business conferences.I called in a few hours before check in time to see if any rooms were available for check-in, the operator connected me to the reservations desk. The woman who answered was rude and standoffish going on and on that you could obsolutely not check in until 3:00. So I called again, this time got the front desk, they did say if a room was available before 3:00 you could check in. Got to hotel, rooms weren't ready yet. Feasible since there were 3 large groups meeting there. Finally got a corner room. Looked ok.1. Bathroom looked like it came out of the early 1990's with round circular lightbulbs going around the mirror. Shower was very tight and small. Mold growing in between tile. Fellow coworker had leaky shower head and door. I had a leaky showerhead.Toliet made funny noises after being flushed. Took forever to find hairdryer. In case you are looking for it's in a white bag in the coat closet hanging off the bathrobe. Overall bathroom needs a complete remodel.2. Bed-= absolutely awful. Nowadays most hotels have nice comfortable beds. Unless you like really firm beds, this bed is not for those who are used to luxury pillowtops. The mattress was old and hard. Could not fall asleep on. Actually got a backache from it for 2 days.3. TV and Internet connection: slow, they do have wireless. Wireless is free but to activate it and link your computer to it there is an fee of $10. TV has something to be desired. Even if you are waking up in the morning or winding down in the evening, the TV connection was bad due to use of sattelite. Co-worker had a snowy picture on all channels. Not much to choose from in the channel selection. 4. Exercise room: There is an extra charge per day per person to use the gym. Pool is free.5. Parking: Unless you can expense for business, leave the car or rental car at home or airport. Overnight parking costs $45. That is absolutely crazy. Stick to walking or taking the cab, &quot;El&quot; or metra if you need to get around. 6. Elevators: Slow This hotel is definitely not a top hotel. For $219 a night it is lacking in comfort and amenities. Check out different hotels in the city. This one deserves a pass! Wouldn't never stay here for casual or business again.	
Aug 13 2007 	Beware - not 4 STAR	Here are the only reasons you should stay at Swissotel in Chicago, if you like:1 - Hard Beds2 - Small rooms3 - Bugs and hairs (not yours) on your bed4 - Someone else's mascara stain on your blanket5 - $6.00 bottled water7 - Construction sights next to your hotel8 - Going to another floor for ice9 - Mold/limescale pn the shower (? not sure what it was - I didn't bring my chemistry set). Absolutely disappointed in this place. I over paid and was overly displeased!!On the good side - the bellmen were nice and there is a good view from the pool/fitness center area. But we won't stay there for that.	
Aug 12 2007 	Excellent - Get the corner room	I stayed at the Swissotel for a business trip the first week of Aug 2007. I arrived late the first night and got shoved into a hospitality room the first night. However, this was more than made up when after a strong talk they assigned me a corner room on the 28th floor. EXCELLENT view of the city, river and Lake Michigan. In fact, I would say the corner room of the Swissotel has a better view than any other hotel in the vicinity. The room was huge, and everything was clean and the bathroom was nice.The hotel is very convieniently located to the Magnificient Mile and Millenium Park. Would very much recommend this hotel, and would suggest trying every method possible to get a corner room in a higher floor.	
Aug 9 2007 	First Chicago Visit	This was our first visit to Chicago and we booked the hotel through Travelzoo. We did get a good price but would have been very disappointed if we would have paid regular price. The mattresses were HORRIBLE. After walking Chicago, the bed was of no comfort. No vending machines of any kind if you wanted a soda--only minibar in room--$6.00 for water. At checkin, the staff never made eye contact and only went through the motions.Would not stay there again!!!	
Aug 7 2007 	Great value - a nice stay	I got a great rate through Hotwire.com and was thrilled when I found out this was the hotel I picked. The hotel was very convenient to where I needed to go, and despite the weather (yes, it is windy there!) we still had a great time.I found the restaurant (The Palms) to be over rated, which was my only negative experience. It was not formal, but had formal prices, and didn't have mashed potatoes, which for me is a requirement of any great steakhouse! That's just a personal preference, but one that mattered to me!The rooms were sleek and cool - great views. Front desk was efficient and nice. Bell staff was attentive and available.Valet parking was a plus.Ordered breakfast through room service, which was great and on-time.Would definitely recommend this hotel and will hopefully stay there again.	
Aug 6 2007 	Couldn't have picked a better spot!!!	We stayed five nights at Swissotel Chicago and loved every minute of it! It has gorgeous views of the river and lake and is close to pretty much anything. We were able to walk everywhere we wanted to go - Navy Pier, Sears Tower, Grant Park, Museum Campus, Hancock Center, Michigan Avenue - you name it. The service was awesome. From the moment we checked in, the staff was courteous and meet every need, including arranging for a crib for our daughter and making sure it was safely set up before leaving our room. The pool was also really nice and, since it's at the top of the hotel, offered even more gorgeous views of the city and lake. We got a great deal ($109 a night), which we booked as a special through travelzoo. The room service was a little expensive but very good. The concierge was wonderful with giving us accurate directions to attractions as well as recommendations for restaurants. I hope we can stay at the Swissotel every time we visit Chicago!	
Jul 31 2007	Customer Service needs improvement	I requested a room with a nice view when I checked in and was told that our room overlooked Grant park. Our room did overlook the park for a small area in between two buildings. 90% of our view was construction of a new building. I would not have had a problem with this except the clerk misled me into thinking our view was as good as the other side of the building. The clerk also failed to give us a free breakfast voucher ($50.00 value) for the next morning which was part of the package purchased by my company. We were with a large group and they told us about the great breakfast later the next day. I asked another clerk for a breakfast voucher for our second morning and she gave me one with no offer of compensation for the one not given to us. The internet did not work in our room and I called the front desk who transfered my call through an 800 number. The frist call was unanswered and I called again in about 15 minutes. We worked though the issues and got the internet going. I found that I was charged for these two calls on my bill and had to have the clerk remove the charges. The hotel charges for internet service.The bar is the most expensive I have seen in a hotel. My wife drank one bottle of water ( small about 16oz.) and we were charged $6.00.I send an email about the voucher to Swissotel customer service when I returned home and did not receive a response.The room was average and was clean the first day. We discovered that our room was not cleaned the second day of our stay but it was 11PM when we returned from our day out and did not complain. The best part of our stay was the fitness center. They have a great pool plus several machines. The view from the fitness center was fantastic.Overall, I would not recommend this hotel and will not stay there again.	
Jul 30 2007 	Swissotel was great....	My 3 nieces and I stayed here for a long weekend, we had a wonderful time. We arrived early around 8:30am and they let us into our room. This was very nice otherwise we would have had to store our luggage and register laterRoom was very clean as was the bathroom. With 4 women we needed extra towels, they brought them up right away and then we got a call to make sure they were delivered. Room was also quiet, construction going on behind us and we never heard anything.Beds comfy and so were the quilts...Good location for Michigan Ave. All in all a wonderful stay. Would return.	
Jul 28 2007	Great Visit!	I spent last weekend in Chicago with my Mom...(Her first visit to Downtown). We had a very nice time. We were able to get in on the Swissotel deal for $109. It was a nice hotel, but glad I didn't pay full price. It really wasn't that special as far as the room went.However, the staff was very friendly and helpful. At first I was a little upset about the $45/day parking, but to me it ended up being well worth it. I pulled up to the front door and the Valet parkers were so pleasant and helpful. I didn't have to worry about finding the garage and then finding my way back to the hotel. It was especially nice because although my Mom does pretty good walking, it was nice not having to make her walk any more. It was so awesome to call down and have the car ready within about 10-15 min. To me, definitely wortht the price!The Swissotel was also very cool in that we had a great view of Navy Pier, from the hall window by the elevator. Our room looked onto the river and front entrance wihich was also pretty neat. And I loved the fitness center on the 42nd floor, so you could look out over the city and work out. Tremendous!The menu prices at Swissotel were a bit out of our range so we walked the block or two down to Houlihan's for a really nice breakfast buffet for only $10. Corner bakery was only another block further and was great for our 2nd breakfast. Although, my mom got the eggs and potatoes and her potatoes were cold.But, Southwest salad she got the nite before there was Humongous! and very good.We did use the free trolleys from Navy pier, trying to get to the Aquarium, but when we had to transfer at Union Station, the &quot;green&quot; trolley never showed up, and we ran out of time before our conference at the United Center that evening, that we didn't get to go to the Aquarium. So, if you want dependable transportation, don't use the trolley.We went to the Arts and craft show on Canal street between VanBuren and Jackson.....such as it was. There were 5 small booths and not much there. I wouldn't suggest that to anyone for next year.Thank you to all on this site who anwered my questions and helped me plan this trip. We both had a really nice time!I'll be coming back the first weekend in Aug. with my 17 yo daughter and another mom and daughter. I'm really looking forward to that too!	
Jul 25 2007 	Getting as worn down as Keith Richards.	My husband and I stayed at the Swissotel Jul 21-24th. We lucked out by getting our room for $109 a night. So considering the price paid, I had a great visit. If I paid rack rate, I would be livid. When I stayed at this place 3 years ago, it seemed to be much classier and elegant. Now the place is looking worn and tired.Pros: I called ahead and requested a higher room. We had a city view on the 31st floor. The views were excellent. The location away from the hustle and bustle so the area was quiter than the competition. The linens, towels and bathroom are top notch. Rooms are spotless. Bed was comfortable. The bathroom is spacious and the layout is very functional. I never heard any noise from the walls or above/below me. You could hear the neighboring doors open and close.Cons: The customer service stinks. The clerks lack any warmth or customer skills. It was just business. No smiles, no inquiries, no concern etc. The carpet has obviously been steam cleaned too many times. It was stretched out and wrinkled in many places. The furnishings had chips and peeling paint. The artwork was similar to what I had when I was a college student. Nicer prints and frames can be found at Linens and Things. To use the health club, you have to pay $10 per use. We paid $10 to use the room internet which was slower than any dial up that I have used. Turned out that fee only covered half of a day. Would I stay here again? If I got the same price, yes. Otherwise, stay somewhere else. I hear they will be remodeling this hotel next spring/summer. That should be a huge improvement. Meanwhile, it seems they are simply letting the place go. Hopefully, things will turn around because I absolutely love the location and views this place offers.	
Jul 25 2007 	Great hotel	I recieved a great deal on the rooms here and it was wonderful. We had two rooms, one was upgraded to river view (without an additional charge) which was very nice. The other room overlooked new construction. Beds were very comfortable. Hotel and rooms were clean. Parking is pretty steep, but we didn't have a car so that wasn't a concern for us. It would have been nice not to have a fee to use the excersize facilities, but we didn't have to because we walk around the city so much. The one downside we found was that it wasn't super close to the El. It is close to Navy Pier and Millenium Park.	
Jul 25 2007 	Wonderful surprise!	What a wonderful surprise! I booked this room for only $115.00 through an online hotel booking service. The room had a great view of downtown and the river. The location is great for walking to Michigan Avenue. We were in the city to see Wicked and decided to walk back from the theater; the walk is only 10 minutes from the theater district! The room was very clean and comfortable. I particularly enjoyed the luxurious robes! The linens were very soft and the bed was comfortable; I didn't wake up the entire evening! The young lady that checked us in was very pleasant and I was very appreciative of the articulate directions given to us by one of the staff members. I would recommend the public parking garage located within steps of the hotel, 303 Wacker street. The parking was reasonable (self parked) for $23.00 per day. After parking your vehicle you take the elevator to the Lobby level of the office building (above the parking garage) and walk directly to the Swissotel. As we left last night I noticed that they were replacing the lobby carpeting (which didn't seem worn to me); a sign that this hotel continues to improve their property.The only &quot;negative&quot; comment I would have is the mini bar in the room. I realize that this is an upscale hotel; however the cost of the items in the bar are incredibly high. There are several items to choose from; however a can of soda is $4.00 and a bottle of beer (domestic) is $8.00. If you plan on having snacks or beverages in your room; I suggest you bring your own OR visit the gift shop which has soft drinks at a cheaper (yet high) rate. I would stay at this hotel again!	
Jul 25 2007 	Not as Expected	Was expecting big things from this hotel based on previous reviews, price and stature..... It was a good hotel, the rooms were clean and there were little things like dressing gowns that were a nice touch but other everyday things let the hotel down. The bell service at the front door was nice, opening the door of the cab when we arrived and always saying hello when we were entering or leaving the hotel but the reception and concierge service was not as polite, often making us feel like we were troubling them for recommendations or when asking about buses and maps. Our room was comfortable although the pillows were very lumpy. They did give us an extra bed for our little girl after we requested it but having stayed in the hampton inn and suites, milwaukee the days before, i have to say the service was poorer. Our room overlooked the construction but we were hardly in the room and so this didnt really matter and it is not the hotel's fault. Watch out on check out oo as they made a charge for the mini bar of $22 when we hadnt even opened it, they did remove this when we questioned it.The location is good but you could stay nearer all the restaurants for a similar price or a little more. We got a great deal from ebookers.com $200 per night but wish we had stayed with the hilton group for our stay in chicago s they seem to be more reasonably priced and more customer service based. Chicago is fantastic and i would recommend giordinos pizza (they are dotted throughout the city), we also did the chicago bus co tour, we paid fpr a 3 day pass which was worth the money because it is a hop on and off service and can be used to save your legs when you start to get tired. Watch out for shoe shine men, we saw them charging someone a fortune $20 to clean their shoes after they had started without permission so just keep walking if they approach you. Navy pier is good for the fireworks on wed and sat nights which you could see from our hotel too. Sears tower view is amazing but a little steep at $12.50 per person (no pun intended). If you love shopping look out for filennes basement, they ahve the designers at outlet prices in the city, there is one at the top end of michigan ave (mag mile) and one on state street near the body shop. Got some great bargains there! If you are travelling with children make sure you visit the children's museum (free on thurs eve 5-8pm) and the rainforest cafe where the rain forest comes to life while you eat with elephants, rhinos, frogs, crocdiles and more.	
Jul 25 2007 	Above expectations	I stayed in Chicago for the first time and this hotel met my needs.I booked my room early - Travelzoo promotion for $109 per night.The room was quiet and spacious, especially the bathroom andI got a nice view of the Chicago River. The room itself had worn carpets, some scratched furniture and leaky showerhead, butthe maid service was generally prompt and efficient. My room wasready no later than the late morning/ early aftermoon.You might want to request a quiet room because there is construction occurring on the south side of the hotel duringnormal business hours. I was fortunate not to get a roomon that side. You can also pull the dark shades all the way across the window and avoid the morning sunshine. I was able to sleep late until 9-930am which was a plus for me.My room had standard cable TV channels and was cool and comfortable. I did not touch the mini-bar per previous reviews.The pillow top mattresses were comfortable enough for me.I decided to eat at the Palm hotel restaurant. We had violent thunderstorms moving through the area one night. I was delighted as the waiters were very friendly and the seafood was delicious. I paid $60 total for my meal (without dessert) but understood it was realistic given my vacation destination and location.There are plenty of restaurants and bakeries nearby to eat if you are on a budget or want a cheap breakfast. The Corner Bakery Cafe and Houlihans are a couple of nearby places on East Wacker. I attended during a part of the work week and avoidedlong lines.I've read some concerns about the distance to subway stations.This really wasn't a problem for me, I timed the walk generally 13-15 minutes to State Station. It wasn't too far to get anywherereally. The Navy pier was about 25-30 minutes away and the subways and buses take you so many places if you're tired ofwalking. Consider buying a 3 day visitors CTA pass for $12.You get unlimited subway and bus rides. The visitor center isclose by on Randolph street. You can also walk down the stairs to the canal and take an architectural tour down the Chicago Riverwhich is informative and I would recommend. You can watch the Navy Pier fireworks from the hotel Wednesday and Saturday evenings weather permitting.Consider flying into Midway Airport instead of O'Hare...only a 30 minute subway ride to Randolph/Lake orange line station and vice versa and no transfers. I've heard the blue line to O'Hare can take up to 90 minutes. You can also avoid taxi fare.I didn't bring a car, so no comment on parking expenses.Overall I had a pleasant stay at the Swissotel. I had a lot of fun exploring Chicago.	
Jul 23 2007	A Positive Hotel Experience	I must have stayed somewhere completely different from the last review. I've stayed in a number of Chicago hotels, and this one was very nice. Our room and bathroom were both spotless. Our room was the largest room we've ever had in Chicago. We had a king bed with a desk, dresser, etc., and a very nice marble bathroom. We thought the bed was very comfortable and the linens were crisp and clean. The shower was spotless, as was the rest of the bathroom. We liked the separate shower and bathtub. Check-in and check-out were a breeze (on a Saturday and Sunday), and the staff was just fine. Not snooty at all, just adequately friendly.There is a taxi stand right outside the hotel which is a bonus.It is just at the bridge at the Chicago River, so you are not at all far from Michigan Ave. Getting to Navy Pier, however, is tricky because you have to go down a bunch of staircases and make your way through various streets to get there (it's easier from Mich. Ave).There is a public parking lot just down the street and on the left (parking at the hotel is $45 per night, which is a downer). And for breakfast there is a Corner Bakery right down the street as well.If you book here, ask for a view of Navy Pier if you can. It's a nice view. We had a view of the river, which was nice as well, but not as nice as the lake and Navy Pier.All in all I have no complaints and would stay again.	
Jul 21 2007 	Had a great time in Chicago	I stayed at the Swissotel for a conference July 8-13. We added a couple days to the stay after the conference so we could enjoy time with family flying in to join us. I have a little different perspective on the stay because I stayed across the street at the Fairmont on July 6 &amp; 7 so I have a comparison. I absolutely love the look of the Swissotel. Our rooms were nice and didn't look worn or old. In fact, I have no complaints except for the building noise outside the hotel which isn't their fault. Our grandchildren enjoyed the nice indoor pool and we appreciated no extra charge for using it. My biggest complaint is I got used to the Fairmont's treatment, the staff is very well trained to meet your every need and are over accomodating. The Swissotel has very ordinary concierges that aren't overly friendly like the Fairmonts and their front desk didn't say &quot;Welcome to Swissotel, how can I assist you, it was basically - next?&quot; The Fairmont welcomes you, asks if they can assist you further, etc, etc. My conference rate was higher at the Swissotel than the Fairmont. The rooms were comparable but I have to admit I loved the Fairmont service, especially the bellhops and front desk. Swissotel needs some training on customer service. Often times there appears to be a manager waiting as you come through the door but never once did he say a thing so I assume the help gets their training from people like him, sad because I think the hotel architecture is fabulous.I do recommend while in Chicago go eat deep dish pizza at Giordanos and get Oprah's favorite carmelcorn at Garrett's Popcorn. All of us enjoyed the Field Museum and if you have children, take them to the Navy Pier (fireworks Wed and Sun visible from hotel) and go to the Children's Museum. It is free Thursdays from 5pm-8pm. There is a deli/store very close to the hotel called Bockwinkles. The sandwiches are great, $3.99 freshly made. We stocked up on soda, water and snacks there. I loved Chicago and plan to return again. Will I stay at Swissotel, probably not.	
Jul 15 2007	meh...	This hotel is not worth the price on all fronts. The rooms are in pretty shabby condition, but they are clean. They need a remodel badly. The furniture is scratched and scuffed, the carpet is peeling up in places, the walls are paper thin, and the beds are awful. The location is good for the view, but that's about it. It is too far from the train stops and really everything else is a bit out of the way. If it were just a block closer to Michigan Ave. it would be great! I guess the thing that bothers me most is that from the lobby decor and staff attitudes, this hotel is trying to be very snooty but then you go to your room and it is a piece of junk! I have stayed at many other Chicago hotels and like them a lot more and they are cheaper! I am in Chicago for a conference and this is the host hotel...what can I do?!	
Jul 13 2007 	Location is everything.	I stayed at the Swissotel the weekend of 7/6 - 7/8 for The Taste and The Color Purple. While the rooms are a bit dated, the location is great. From our room Navy Pier, Michigan Ave, and The Taste was in walking distance. Literally if you looked out my window you could see the Taste and just a few feet from my room to the elevator you saw Navy Pier. The Cadillac Palace is less than a mile away as well (This where the Color Purple is). We were also only a $5 cab ride from Rush St.The bad side is that the rooms are dated and in need of some upgrades, but for $109 a night through Travelocity it was great. The front desk was helpful with switching my room to a King Bed. Another ding against the hotel is that they charge for everything! A simply local call for 1 minute cost a $1.28. If you pick up anything in the mini bar you were charged. To use the gym area you have to pay. There is a nice restaurant (The Palms) in the hotel, but be prepared to spend about $100 for 2. Everything is a la carte.I would definitely recommend this hotel for someone just wanting location and would not be in the room alot, but if you are going to relax in your room, this is not the place for you. The walls are kind of thin and if you are one of the lucky ones you will get a great view of the construction they are doing outside.	
Jul 10 2007 	Good Location	The hotel was in a great location, right on the water and close enough to the Mag. Mile, Navy Pier, and Millenium Park. Also, the concierge was very good at giving us recommendations on restaurants and jazz clubs. Unfortunately the room was nothing special. I was disappointed that we were given two double beds instead of a queen or king and the view (towards construction) was lacking. Since we were staying during busy Memorial weekend all the good rooms filled up quickly. They offered to let us upgrade for $30.00 extra per night but we declined, as we weren't planning on spending our time in the room anyway. So, the hotel was fine but a little dated. As for Chicago--here are some recommendations:Volare--nice Italian restaurant off Mag. mile with traditional Italian food and a great atmosphere. Definitely make a reservation.Eno-A wine, chocolate, and cheese bar on Mag. Mile. Very romantic. We enjoyed the following sights: Lincoln park zoo (free), Buckingham Fountain, Top of hancock building (better than Sears tower), Architectural boat tour, ride on ferris wheel at Navy Pier, Art institute, etc.	
Jul 10 2007	Our last stay until renovation is done	To build on the comment of a previous reviewer, I concur that this hotel is in dire need of an update. Our family of 4 frequents Chicago and oftentime forgoes the comfort of a more spacious suite just to experience the thrill of the view of the river and Navy Pier that Swissotel's Lakeview rooms provide.We decided after this last 2 night stay (and 15 years of visits) that this would be our last until renovation. We could live with the worn furniture (desk was particularly battered) and bathroom door (and shower door!) that sealed only with great effort but the lumpy, saggy mattress and miserable pillows were more than we could bear for a $200+ daily rate (especially with all the new properties that Chicago has to offer.) Another amenity sorely lacking in this price range was a flat screen TV.Fortunately, the Swissotel will be undergoing a renovation scheduled to be completed by Summer 2008. Its spectacular view is tough to beat.	
Jul 8 2007 	Great hotel in Chicago	We stayed at the Swissotel Chicago for 3 nights July 2-5 and had a great time.Rooms: We liked our room. The bathroom was big enough with adequate vanity space, with separate tub and shower. Beds were comfortable enough, although it seemed they’d put a pillow top mattress pad on top of a too old mattress. Furnishings were fine. Rooms were quiet enough. Be sure to ask for a room high up when you book your reservation; you’ll probably get a good view wherever you stay, but the higher up you are, the more you can see. Location: This is a pretty good, central location, about a 5-10 minute walk off Michigan Avenue and Wacker, close to the water, just south of the Magnificent Mile. You can see downtown and/or the Navy Pier from most of the rooms. I liked it because it wasn’t too close to the noise and crowdedness of Michigan Avenue. Swissotel is next door to the huge Hyatt hotel. I think it’s the 3rd building in from the lake.Transportation: Well, I’d read about taking the train in and then walking to the hotel. I don’t think any of the train stations are close together. Cabs are definitely the way to go. Don’t rent a car unless you absolutely have to. The parking at Swissotel is about $45 and parking is hard to come by in other places if you want to get out and about. The trains are old, jerky and bumpy—not like the ones in New York City or Washington, D.C. From Midway Airport, we took the Orange line in and got off at the State and Lake stop. It’s at least a 20-minute walk from there to the Swissotel (again, did I mention all the luggage?) The train stop is upstairs and there are no elevators, so we had to lug all our bags down 2 flights of stairs. Looking back, I’d save the expense and trouble and just get a cab. It was $35 one-way back to the Midway Airport from the hotel. We each bought a 3-day unlimited CTA pass for $12 each and only used the train once getting from Midway to the hotel.Staff: We found the staff to be helpful and friendly. We never saw long lines for anything. We asked for extra towels each day and they were promptly delivered within 15 minutes. The maids did a good job.Ice machine: we had to go up a floor and into a service area to find ice. They turn the machines off to save electricity, I think. You have to flip the power switch, and once I figured it out, I had all the ice I needed.Pool: We went to the hot tub a couple of times. It was nice. They have a nice workout area but you have to pay $10 a day to use it. The workout area overlooks the city and was nice and clean.Dining: We did not eat at the hotel. They have a Palm Steak house here and it was open for lunch. They seemed to have reasonable steak house lunch prices. I’ve never seen a Palm restaurant open for lunch—wish we could have tried this. We went to Houlihan’s down the street as several other reviews suggested—I just wasn’t all that impressed. They have a $10 breakfast buffet but it’s just that—a $10 breakfast buffet, similar to what you find in a nice Hampton Inn and Suites these days. They had some hot items that looked like they’d sat a little too long, cereal and some fruit stations. They had an omelet station but they couldn’t find the chef so I waited 5 minutes (omelet was good). We ate at the original Billy Goat Tavern; it’s on Michigan, just north of Wacker, across the bridge, maybe a 10-minute walk from the hotel. You have to take a staircase down to the lower level of the highway (kind of like an underground parking garage). They serve breakfast, lunch &amp; dinner. Wish I’d known about the breakfast on the first day. Good hamburgers too (and I don’t usually like hamburgers). There’s also a McDonald’s close to the Billy Goat Tavern, right behind the Wrigley Building. We ate at Mike Ditka’s Steak House restaurant and it was good. We went to the Signature Room Restaurant and it was good, with the great view you’d expect. We had a little bit hard of a time trying to identify the Hancock Tower—it seemed kind of set back off Michigan Avenue. We ate at Giordano’s Italian and it was good. The have a lunch personal pizza and it’s still too big for one person. We ate at Emerald Loop Café—it’s down Wacker, go left on Wabash, restaurant’s on the right. A nice restaurant with reasonable prices and great food. Kind of like an upscale Bennigans, but a lot better and prices aren’t that much higher.Attractions: We took the Architecture Foundation river cruise. The departure is right down the street from the Swissotel, at the corner of Wacker &amp; Michigan, downstairs, under the blue awning. The tour was well done, but don’t forget a hat and some major sunscreen—the best seats are up top and it’s open to the elements. I went to the Art Institute of Chicago and wish I could have spent more time there. Hubby and kids went to the Museum of Science and Industry. We walked along the Navy Pier. It’s just as touristy and kid-friendly as you’d expect but seemed clean and relatively safe. Went to Millennium Park (free! And not too far from Swissotel—maybe 15 minutes walk) and it’s a great place to visit. Ambiance of the city: We didn’t find the people of Chicago to be as friendly as those in Texas. We encountered quite a few aggressive homeless people throughout all of Chicago. I didn’t feel completely safe walking around the streets by myself.Overall nice experience and I’d stay here again.	
Jul 5 2007	Great Location great rooms and bed but no help from desk personnel	There is simply no better way to experience the 4th of July in Chicago, than in one of the corner rooms with a view of Navy Pier. Great location, close to the best shopping on the magnificent mile (Michigan Ave). Good but pricey food, great breakfast. To park the car is $45.00 for guests per day.One problem we encountered: when we made the reservations directly through the hotel, we were asked by the reservation agent if we still used credit card number ##### and is your card expiration still ####. The agent read off a card we had used on a previous visit over a year ago. We were dismayed they would keep this info on file this long and available to the reservationist. With Identity Theft being such a problem this info should be purged within weeks of the transaction.. The front desk was of no help. The asst. manager did not know how to smile and we wondered, if she liked her job......The hotel business should be customer oriented.....we think.Hans Heitmann	
Jun 26 2007	Great stay - great location	The hotel is in a great location, the staff is friendly and very service-oriented. We were in a business trip, my colleagues and I had a great time. My only complaint is the Palm restaurant, it is expensive and the food not very good.	
Jun 26 2007 	Like the location	Stayed here for one night in June, but have stayed here before when on business in Chicago. Great location for business/shopping/sightseeing. In between Michigan Avenue's Magnificent Mile and the Loop and next to the Chicago River. Rooms very spacious and clean. Gym has a wonderful view, as it is situated on the top of the hotel. Bar next to lobby, very busy with good atmosphere. Cannot fault the hotel. Prefer it to the Westin - my previous address when in Chicago.	
Jun 25 2007 	Girls Shopping Trip!	Large rooms and excellent service. Spotlessly clean. Good breakfast at hotel. We stay here almost every time we stay in Chicago.	
Jun 24 2007 	Great hotel for the money! Nice hotel but park elsewhere.	I usually don't write reviews here on tripadvisor unless something is really good...or really bad. After reading some of the reviews for the Swissotel, I felt compelled to share my experience. We recently stayed for a long weekend - and finding hotels to be over $180/night, I booked on Hotwire. Got Swissotel for a very good price, but was a little anxious since some of the reviews on this site complained of slow elevator service, unhelpful staff, etc.We encountered not a single problem during our three-night stay. Check-in was quick and simple, our room overlooked the river (I will post a photo so you can see), and most importantly, the room was quiet! I've stayed next door at the Hyatt Regency and was kept awake all night by loud neighbors and every single toilet flush (the walls are that thin); I would gladly choose Swissotel over the Hyatt any day of the week. The room was spacious. The bathroom was marble with a separate shower and tub. The decor was nothing exciting, to be honest, but the room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. The location is excellent - close to Michigan Ave., Millenium Park, Navy Pier, etc.The clientele seemed upscale, the staff was friendly and I slept so soundly every night - I have absolutely nothing to complain about. (My boyfriend, though, was irritated that there was not a working ice machine on our floor - 23rd- he had to walk up a few floors, found a nonworking machine, then walked down more floors to finally find ice. To me, it's not the biggest deal in the world.)Oh, one word of warning - parking is expensive (45/night, I think), so we took the advice of other reviewers and parked elsewhere. We happened to find a parking lot on E. Randolph (for a condo building) that charged only $17/night! Our total charge was only $51, a bargain in Chicago. The walk back to the hotel was a bit tiring, but that's only because it was over 90 degrees. :) It was well worth it, especially when you consider how much money we saved. At the end of the day, we felt like we got a decent deal. If we would've paid 45/night for parking, we might've had a different opinion. If you do stay here, make sure to park elsewhere and walk the few blocks back to the hotel. You will be glad you did!	
Jun 10 2007	Excellent	For the few of you, that gave this hotel a poor review...what were you expecting the Taj Mahal? Our room was extremely clean, quiet and we had a great lake view on the 20th floor. The elevators were always quick and in service, and the views of Navy Pier as you walk off the elevators are spectacular. The staff was polite and helpful. If you are interested in going to Navy Pier, there is a free trolley service on the side of the Hyatt hotel, you can catch, just make sure it has the yellow star on the trolley. If you want good food at a decent price, there is a restaurant called Houlihan's down the street from the hotel on Wacker St. Don't believe the hype about the $28.00 parking on Wacker. You must read the payment schedule carefully, it is $28.00 for 13 to 18 hours not 24 hours. The hotel parking is $45 for 24 hrs, so make sure you do the math on both options. I would recommend this hotel, they gave great service even though we booked with [--].	
Jun 7 2007 	Very Nice Hotel	This is an excellent hotel in a good location. Very nice room with the best bathroom I've experienced in a hotel. Check-in and check-out was quick and easy. The location is very good. Close enough to walk to everything we wanted to. Two blocks off Michigan Ave so it was quiet around the hotel. Nice architecture, fast elevators, very clean and modern. I would definitely stay here again.	
May 29 2007 	Nice hotel but so much potential to be excellent!	I recently spent one evening at this property and I left satisfied but convinced this could be a top-tier property with an update. It is a very clean, modern convention hotel in a great location. The interior of the guest rooms is decidedly generic, lacking the style of some of Chicago's newer hotels (Sofitel, W, Kimpton boutiques). But the rooms are large and nicely equipped with all the essentials of a business hotel. Bathroom was nice if a little bit dated, but very, very clean. It seems most of the rooms here have great views and mine was no exception. The shades were push-button which I quite enjoyed, though I'm not sure if this was because I was in a handicap-accessible room or if it is standard. The sheets and duvet were great but I was not happy with the mattress. Most of the upscale and even mid-range chains are finally updating their mattresses so I hope this property will follow suit.The bar could use a bit of an update but it works if you just want to sit in the lobby and enjoy an expectedly overpriced drink. Staff was very accommodating and always smiling and ready to assist.For $109/night (see Travelzoo web site; this continues all summer!), the hotel was absolutely fine. It could be an excellent property if the rooms were updated with new mattresses, televisions and desks. But at this point, there are many better hotels to choose from in Chicago.	
May 19 2007 	Nice room and great view	Prior to booking this reservation I reviewed the top 20 hotels for Chicago on TA. I was looking for a nice hotel with a great view. This place was the perfect choice. We stayed in an &quot;executive room&quot; with a lake view. &quot;Executive&quot;, in this case, meaning above the 34th floor. Note: given the number of skyscrappers under construction many hotel views are now blocked or soon will be. Here the lake view will remain unobstructed since this property is on the river. The Fairmont and Hyatt next door have a few rooms with a view but not many.Stayed in room 3601 for $239 Friday night and $159 Saturday night. The first night was booked through the Swissotel hotel web site for a spring special that beat Orbitz and hotel.com. After arriving we wanted to extend for saturday night but the front desk said they were sold out. Suspecting the rooms were allocated under the control of large travel agencies, I immediately called a friend and had them book me using hotels.com for Saturday. I was correct and the hotel let us stay in 3601 for the second night. Unless you bring a PC the room equipped TV/Game/Internet brower console is too old for practical use with modern web pages. Later found out there was a common workstation in the Executive Lounge (42nd floor?)Room was nice (King bed, TV, and writing desk), bathroom was excellent, and the View of Chicago River/Navy Pier/Lake was perfect. Preview the view using Google Earth for the view looking NE. There was no elevator noise problem for this room.Signature room restaurant is pricey but ideal for people unfamiliar with big cities and sky scrappers. Of course, you are paying for the view. Ask for the Southern facing view and watch the planes at Midway line up and land in the distance. The North view is good too. Not sure if the east view is good at night. Mostly dark unless the moon is out. Then it could be different. Signature Lounge, one floor up, is good for a Western facing view. There is a bar and tables that are noiser and more crowded than the resturaunt. But if you get a table you'll have fun. You're 300 yards from the Mag Mile (Michigan Ave) and everything is close if you like to walk - Grant Park, Adler, Art Institute, etc. If you don't, there are always cabs at the hotel.	
May 17 2007 	So so trip to Chicago	Stayed over 5-12 to 5-15. Nice hotel. Decent room and a better than average bathroom than most hotels. Had noise problem with the first night and asked to change room the next night, even though we'd asked for quite room at reservation. TIP: Change room if your room numbers ends with 01 or 20. These rooms are right next to the elevators. you can hear the gears grinding and other noises. Staff were professional but not very friendly and distanced. Not too close to most of the shopping area, you will have to walk a bit or taking a taxi will cost you about $6 per trip.	
Apr 30 2007	Very clean!	Swissotel was the cleanest hotel I have ever stayed in! The room and bathroom were quite large for downtown Chicago. The pool and hot tub were also very nice. I would definately recommend this hotel. We didn't hear any noise in our room from other guests or from the city. It is in a great location - walking distance to Millenium Park, the Loop and Michigan Ave.	
Apr 17 2007	Wonderful stay!!	What a wonderful hotel! Took the train in from Detroit and brought our 12 year old daughter for a visit!The hotel is fantastic! Contemporary in its decor, the rooms are spacious and the bathrooms are very nice. Our room had the shower seperate from the bathtub and after a long day walking it was nice to soak, while the family took turns showering.What else is nice is that the hotel connects to below surface corridors to many nearby areas including the Metra!The view from our window of Navy Pier and the lake was gorgeous. The next door crane was also very interesting and luckily was not noisy at all. The crane kept my husband more fascinated than anything.We did not eat at the hotel, but we did take our breakfast at Houlihan's which was fabulous for a buffet every morning! We were also able to get there without being rain soaked, which was very nice.The only downful was the bed. Being rather used to heavenly beds and my own sumptuous bed, I was ready to go home after 2 nights. My back was killing me.	
Apr 10 2007 	Classy hotel great deal	I decided to stay downtown over Good Friday and Pricelined myself into the Swissotel at only $65/night (plus tax)! For this I got a king-bedded room on the 32nd floor with a nice southerly view toward Millennium Park and Lake Shore Drive; the room was clean and spacious, bed decent and marble-clad bathroom cool. Service at the front desk was very friendly and efficient while room-service breakfasts were quite good and delivered promptly. The Swissotel makes a good base for shopping and entertainment as it's a reasonablewalk from Macy's and the Magnificent Mile/River North area; numerous CTA bus routes also stop nearby.	
Apr 9 2007 	Great Location	Swissotel is perfectly located on the east end of the Chicago River. Depending on your room location (the higher floors are better) the veiws could be excellant. Our room was clean, simple and updated with a very nice bathroom. Services (check-in/out, concierge, bell hop) were fine. Although we didn't use it, the pool in the top floor looked very nice.	
Apr 9 2007 	Great Deal!! Great Hotel Great Stay	My fiancee and I booked this wonderful hotel this past Friday April 6th - 7th and had an excellent time. We checked in the hotel around 3:00pm. Since we purchaed the room on Priceline I was worried that we were going to get stuck with a terrible room but I was wrong. This was my first time staying at a Swissotel and I had no idea that they had a separate shower and bath. Our room was located on the 33rd floor on the South East side. From our window we could see Lake Michigan. They were doing construction but we didn't notice the noise. We ordered room service for late night ice cream and fruit and also breakfast and it was prompt and very excellent food. The fresh fruit was very tasty. We will visit here again and I truly enjoyed the stay.	
Apr 7 2007	Loved Chicago and the Swissotel is GREAT!	Fantastic Spring Break thanks to the Swissotel, our cousins the fabulous local hosts and all the amazing activities in Chicago! Our top recomendations for families:-Book through priceline and then ask the nice people at the front desk for a good view. We got a beautiful and huge room on the 24th floor for less than $80 a night.(!!!)- Park at the Millenium garage (if you have a car) to save yourself the $45 daily charge at the hotel. My husband dropped us off at the lobby with the lugagge, went to park and walked back all in 25 minutes. It's also an easy walk from the Swiss to Navy Pier (blech... we didn't care for it) and to the Miracle Mile (wow...cool area). --Get the CTA visitors pass and catch the bus right across the streetto get unlimited rides to almost anywhere else you'd want to go. We found the buses to be clean, quick and full of interesting people to meet and learn from. The pass is also good for the L which the kids loved.-The CityPass is a good deal for all the museums. Shedd Aquarium, Adler Planetarium and Field were the best for our 7 and 8 year-olds.-The Lincoln Park Zoo is free and very nice. Take the 151 bus all the way north and get a great tour on the way!- Hit Trader Joes grocery store on State St. for gourmet snacks, fruit, muffins and boxed milk to keep in the room. If you use the fridge, have the auto-charges from the minibar taken off your bill (ouch!)-Our favorite restaurants that were both entertaining and inexpensive:Ginos East (near the watertower) has a great ambience for kids--bring pens for grafitti--and huge Chicag style pizza. Yummy, and coolkids meals for $5 too!Ed Debevics is fun--sassy servers, diner food, total check about $30 for all four of us. Signature Room on top of the Hancock Tower--OK, this place is expensive but we only went for desert and LOVED the view from 96th floor. It's higher than the observatory and we got to sit in a lovelyroom and look out the windows for the price of chocolate cake!Reva's Persian and Mediteranian (on Ontario)---very exotic and tasty. Beware the giant portions. We ordered 2 meals for the 4 of us to share and still had more left then we ate. They vary the specials (duck, lamb, filet mignon, game hens) with 2 or 3 choices every day for around $12-$15 each.Brain Food Cafe in the museum of Science and Industry--sounds crazy I know but it was the best museum food ever. Skip the grill and sandwich choices in front and go straight back to the 'home cooking' station. No line, a plate full of REAL food with drink included for $7 each.Murphy's across from Wriggly's (#6 bus to red line) for a true Chicago Pub experience complete with locals, baseball, hot dogs and root beerMost of all, have fun and walk around a lot to check out this great city! If you are lucky enough to get a sitter (thank you Lisa!!!) then a night at the House of Blues is a MUST.	
Apr 3 2007 	Great location hotel 	I’ll first start with my opinion of the hotel and then move on to the reservation itself. The hotel was in an excellent location (although hotels on Mag. Mile are better located of course) about 3 blocks from Mag. Mile right along the Chicago River. From the hotel we easily walked south to Millenium Park and the Art Institute and north to the John Hancock Building. Don’t wear yourself out walking—the Navy Pier is not as close as it looks—take the free trolley! We also took the train in from Midway and it was about a 15 minute walk to the hotel—no problem at all and only cost $2 (the whole trip probably took about 50 minutes—it is a bit of a walk from the airport terminal to the train, but it is very accessible). We arrived at the hotel around 2 pm and had no trouble checking in and our room was ready for us even though we were early. Our room was on the 23rd floor and faced the Chicago River with a great view of the skyscrapers and Navy Pier. The room was very clean and had enough space for 4 of us, although I wished the beds were queens instead of doubles. My only complaint about the room was the small shower. A marble bath is nice and all, but when there’s 4 of us and we’re in a hurry, all we’re going to do is use the shower and it was tiny! Plus the nozzle faced the door so you couldn’t turn it on to warm it up before you got in without making a huge mess on the floor. As a side note the linens on the bed are quite comfortable, but the towels are your typical hotel towels—scratchy and small. We didn’t use any of the hotel amenities or eat in their restaurant so I can’t comment on that. Cabs are readily available at the hotel and I always felt safe walking to and from the hotel as late as midnight (we were a group of 4 girls). One more complaint—the elevator is quite packed Sunday morning when everyone is trying to check out. We had about 4 full elevators pass us by before we realized we were going to have to go up to go down. It probably took us about 15 minutes to get to the lobby because of this so if you’re located on middle floors remember this! Since we had a late flight we were able to leave our bags with the hotel while we walked around some more. And, the concierge will print up your boarding passes the night before (a plus since we were flying Southwest). Overall, we had a great experience at the Swissotel, but it is definitely not a 5 star, maybe not even a 4 star, but I travel to see the city, not to stay in the hotel room so it was no problem for me.We stayed at the Swissotel from Friday to Monday in March. For 2 nights there were 4 of us and for the last night only 2, so I was looking for 2 rooms or a room with 2 beds. About a month before hand a deal showed up on Travelzoo for $99 a night for 2 people, but because of our dates our room ended up being $20 more, but it was still a good deal. I originally booked 2 rooms because their online reservation site would only allow you to book a room for 1-3 people and there was no guarantee that you would get a room with 2 double beds. About a week before I called the hotel directly and was able to confirm a room with 2 double beds for 4 people at a rate of $179 for the 2 nights there were 4 of us (other night remained at $119) so I cancelled one reservation with no problems. The taxes for each night were about $20. I probably could have just confirmed that I had a room with 2 double beds and not told them there were 4 of us with no problems and saved $60 a night, but it’s easy to say that now!	
Mar 31 2007 	A Great Chicago Stay	My wife and I stayed at the Swissotel on Fri-Sun, 3/23-25. This was our second stay at this hotel, and the experience this year was even better than our first time. I will say, I do not believe this is a good hotel to bring kids to. I suppose it is adequate for this, but it is better with just adults or older children. We brought 2 kids the first time 4 years ago and had a much better hotel experience this time without them. Let's start from the front. Good valet, albeit expensive ($45/day), good bell service (they have a service elevator). Check in was speedy, but it also wasn't too busy. We had been booked for 2 beds and wanted a King, they accomodated us by finding a King room at the same price. We could have upgraded to a waterview but it was an extra $50/night and quite frankly, our room on the 22nd floor was in the fog/clouds most of the first part of the weekend. The room was spacious with a large bathroom with tub and a separate shower. The room was comfotable temperature wise, however, one of our party in another room could not get the room cooled off all weekend and were miserable. The room was clean, well appointed, had easy plug-in high speed Internet access for my laptop computer ($10/day). The elevators are fast unless it is busy. If busy you could be stuck waiting quite a while. This happened to us on check out on Sunday. Lots of folks were checking out and the elevator service was slow. We had 6 elevators stop at our floor full of people before we got on one to take down. Some people had been complaining about a 20 minute wait. To be fair, the hotel extended check out for the day to 2pm from 11 am because they anticipated this problem. They left us a letter in our bill apologizing for the heavy delays they were expecting in check out. I can deal with it if I know its going to happen. The pool seemed nice (didn't get back to the hotel in time to use it either night!). The downstairs lobby/lounge/coffee bar was great. Nice comfortable furniture, a fireplace and very attentive wait staff. All in all we were very pleased and will be staying here again. Can't beat the location or amenities. If you have stayed at the Hyatt next door, this is comparable, but with a small lounge and smaller common areas (lobbys etc.). We did not try the Palm restaurant in the hotel, but plan to next time. It is a favorite of ours in DC.	
Mar 16 2007 	Excellent location	Stayed here for 5 days in early March. Smart hotel. Excellent views and great location at the very north of the loop which provides easy walking access to both the loop and the near north. Good base to see everything you want on a long weekend. Good value for Euro 131 per night (inc.tax) double room deal - not sure what normal rates are. Beware the mini-bar which operates through a weight sensor which automatically charges to your account. I didn't even open it yet it still rang up $50. The staff removed it immediately without problem and with a smile. I had read that the loop could be dangerous at night. Didn't notice that but did go out to Oak Park to the Frank Lloyd Wright home and studio (which was excellent and is in a beautiful location) but took the green line there which was scary even at 10am on a Saturday.Got a taxi back instead! Also highly recommend Historic Skyscraper walking tour, Untouchables Gangster Tour and Second City Comedy Theatre. Great break in a great city	
Mar 10 2007 	fantastic view	Booked the room through travelzoo for $99 a night over memorial weekend. Worth every penny! The view alone was worth the price. Our room had windows all round the room with a view of the lake, river and downtown Chicago!The room was very spacious with only a few minor problems. It has a great location.This was probably the first time I have had a room I could have stayed in all weekend and been happy.	
Mar 10 2007 	Good location	We only stayed at this hotel for one night but found the room to be very spacious and clean with a great view of Lake Michigan. We were within walking distance of the Magnificent Mile. We were in Chicago for a concert and the staff were extremely helpful in providing various travel options for us to get to the venue. We would recommend this hotel.	
Mar 1 2007 	Great Location and top notch Staff	I just stayed at this hotel a few nights ago while I was in Chicago for a trade show. You can't beat the location for business and pleasure. Steps away from great shopping on Michigan Ave and a few more steps away from North Ave. where many great restauarants can be found. If your into upscale dinning The Palms is a great place to go for a steak. The hotel is old, but comfortable. I can't wait to stay here the next time I am in town.	
Feb 16 2007 	great hotel	we stayed in this hotel last year, and had a great experience. very large bathroom with enough room for two people to get ready in at once, with separate bath and shower. the pool on the higher floor is excellent. only minor problem was the view from our room, it was at the back of the hotel, but just a minor complaint. It is slightly out of the way so if your not up for walking maybe pick a hotel closer to the action and the El.But i would definitely stay in this hotel again.	
Feb 13 2007	excellent Hotel fantastic service unforgettable experiance!!!	My girlfriend and I booked this trip just a week before traveling.. I had read a few bad reviews , from people who booked on Priceline. This was my !st time using Priceline, so i was a llitle wary, after reading the reviews. Previous reviewers complained of poor attitudes from the staff, But we found this to be very much the opposite. the hotel staff was excellent, polite, courteous, and Helpful in every way. the hotel itself was a model of what a luxury hotel should be... The view from our room(24th floor... so much for Swissotel putting priceline customers on the 3rd or 4th floor!!!!) was Awesome!!!! Looking south, right down Michigan ave. we had such a memorable time in Chicago, and i would like to thank the staff of the Swissotel for making it such...I WILL stay here again when we return..the service staff always left our rooms clean, and even arranged my girlfreinds jewelry for her, untangling her necklaces and earrings from each other, and leaving them evenly placed on the bureau!!!. All the staff at the hotel were the epitomy of politeness and professionalism.(Mr Doorman, I apoligize for not tipping you for hailing us a taxi on the morning of feb 10th...I didnt have any cash on me at the time.II promise to redeem you on my next stay). When we return to Chicago again , i would definitely consider staying at the Swissotel again, whether i book it on priceline, or by any other means.once again, thanks for your hospitality.	
Feb 12 2007	Excellent and roomy	A very nice, classic, comfortable, full-service hotel. The room was large w/king size bed....larger than many in Chicago ... with superb views of Magnificent Mile area (Tribune bldg, Hancock tower, etc), Chicago river (frozen!), and Navy Pier and Lake...from 37th floor room. The staff was absolutely excellent = full service, from front desk, to health club attendants, to business center personnel. Everyone had a smile, was responsive, and always tried to help. This was especially true when there were charges on my bill at checkout for minibar use, which I did not use (really my fault, as they have a weighing system to tell if you've used the minibar....I moved some bottles to add my own, not realizing the weight shift would cause charges). The front desk deleted the charges, without delay, without a &quot;hrumph, grumph&quot;, and without me even having to explain. Thanks Diane! The hotel is 3 blocks from Michigan Ave, on the river. Not way out of way ... a tiny, slight bit, but walking is ez for us, and bus is across the street. Nice penthouse health club and decent size swimming pool. The room included robes, in-room safe, L-shaped desk for business/internet access (though chargeable), separate tub and shower stall, lounge chair w/ottoman. Ample storage, large closet. Overall: very comfortable and spotless. The bed was slightly firmer than preferred, but no biggie. Very minor updating of some decor or details (not all ... like bathroom lighting for mirror reminded me of an actor's mirror = large, round bulbs up and down sides) would make it even nicer, but fine as is also.Nice open lobby, can get slightly congested. Famous Palm Restaurant branch is also off the main lobby along with a bar. Warm and inviting.I'd come back again! Definitely worth your consideration, especially for the size of the room! You have serious space !!	
Feb 10 2007 	Excellent	Would highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again for the next trip to Chicago.Staff are welcoming, room was spacious, spotless, and quality. Room views are impressive.Location is excellent and only a short stroll from N.Michigan Ave. The Palms restaurant at the hotel wasn't just handy (minus 11 centigrade outside) it was actually very, very good and full of character, providing affordable a la carte.Staying with food, try also the Weber Grill, (N.State Street - below Hilton) more than just a gimmick this was the best meal in town and well worth a repeat visit. If short of time as we were, make a point of taking in the Shedd Aquarium (better than Boston or Vancouver) and check out the modernism at Millennium Park.If without transport, the Swissotel is regularly serviced by the Continental Airport Express shuttle.	
Jan 15 2007 	Excellent Hotel Excellent Value	My wife and I stayed in the hotel for two nights, and everything went flawlessly.At check-in, because of reading the reviews on Tripvisor, we requested an upgrade to a room with a view of Navy Pier , and was immediately upgraded to a room on the 30th floor.The rooms were clean, and upscale for the low price we paid. The beds were comfortable, and the bath contained both a shower and tub, and all of the amenities you would expect.At 45.00 per night, I thought parking was a bit high, but since time and convenience where important during this trip, we opted to pay for the parking. We always left our room about 15 minutes after calling for our car, and it was always waiting.We thought the breakfast buffet in the Geneva room each morning was excellent. You'll pay hotel prices for breakfast, but the price was on par or slightly below breakfasts that we've had via room service at other hotels. And the selection was excellent. This was probably the best trip we've had to Chicago, and this hotel was part of that success.	
Jan 11 2007 	Great Views...Great City	We had a very enjoyable stay in the Swishotel Chicago for two nights between Christmas and New Year. The room (on the 29th floor) was very comfortable and the views - outstanding. The Hancock building and Lake Michigan were both beautifully clear from the windows which wrapped around the room providing views on three sides of the building. The location was good- a short walk from the Magnificent Mile, Millennium Park and museums. The facilities were ok- the pool and gym are on the 42nd floor with good views but are rather small and dated.The hotel's restaurant 'The Palm' is worth a visit. The lunches are reasonably priced and the service is great.(handy tip) The map given to us by the Hotel had restaurants in the wrong places so its better to use your own.	
Jan 8 2007 	Great Hotel with Great Rooms	I thought the Swissotel was a great hotel. The rooms were very spacious and clean, especially for downtown Chicago standards. Most importantly, the rooms were quiet. I never heard people in the hallways when I was trying to sleep. The only downside was that the beds were not anything special. Sure, like all hotels in Chicago, this hotel caters to wealthy and/or business clients with ridiculous minibar and parking price. However, if you are aware of that prior to arrival, its not a big deal (ie finding a different place to park the car, bringing our own snacks for the room). It would be nice though if hotels such as the Swissotel had a microfridge in the room for guest use.Staff was very helpful. Bellmen instantly got cabs upon request, and the front desk was efficient and helpful. Overall, if I can get a good rate again, I'll stay at the Swissotel the next time I am in Chicago.	
Jan 4 2007 	Not bad...if you get a good rate at Priceline	I stayed in this hotel when there was also a Bears game and they were woefully unprepared for the influx of people. The lines for registration snaked all the way to the elevator banks. And the front desk staff dealt with folks with a general disdain (though the valets were nice, I guess they should be for $45-which is much higher than parking usually is in the city). Having booked the room through Priceline didn’t help, I’ve noticed that a few hotels treat Priceline folks as little better than pond scum and these folks fall into that category. Room service quality was great, but the prices were outrageous. $50 for soup, shrimp cocktail, and a salad. The rooms and common areas were bland and far from a top flight hotel. It was clean, but unspectacular. Kind of like a Courtyard by Marriott, which is probably much cheaper, unless you go to Priceline which is what I did. I can’t fathom spending over $200 for this place. Location is fine, a 3-4 block walk to Michigan Avenue isn’t that bad and the views are above average if you can get a good view, the northeast views are best. I expected more from this hotel for its rating. Given that this is their last hotel in the US, I imagine they’ll be selling it off soon to some other industry leader. As a result they won’t be upgrading it much any time soon.	
Jan 4 2007 	was expecting much more..	The Swissotel Chicago would be a wonderful place to stay if either (a) you're on a business trip or (b) you're rich. These seemed to be the only two groups that were catered to at this hotel (we fell into neither categories).We went for a romantic getaway, and got a pretty good price for this hotel, so we booked it. Upon arrival, they have a bellman who takes your stuff to your room for you. The patrons who were dressed in suits and the women in fur coats were taken care of right away. However, we were not dressed up by any means, after a 14 hour drive we were dressed more for comfort than dressed to impress. Anyways, instead of a bellman taking our suitcases for us, they brought us a cart and told us we could put our stuff on there. So we had to load our own cart and bring our own luggage up to our room, while the business-ee/ wealthy people were waited on hand and foot. We just laughed it off but I really did think that was quite rude.The parking is ridiculously expensive, especially when you have to wait 1/2 an hour for your car. There is a parking garage next door which I believe is $28 a night instead of $45 at the hotel. I guess that's not really the hotel's fault, I think most of the hotels downtown charge insane amounts for parking. At one point though, we waited 45 minutes for the car. I would rather have parked next door for less money and gotten my own car in less than 5 minutes. The location isn't as great as we thought. The views from higher level floors would probably be amazing, however we were only on the 5th floor and on one side looked at construction and the other side was a view of the building next door.All in all we still really enjoyed our vacation. The hotel is really pretty, but the rooms need some upgrading to be considered anywhere near a 4/5 star hotel. If you look like you have money, or are on business, this would be a great hotel for you. But even in the same sense, the location isn't that great (at least a 10-15 minute walk to the core), and they charge an extra $10 a day for wireless internet that is ridiculously slow. There were a lot of kids, which made the use of the pool/hot tub anything but relaxing. Oh and as mentioned on here before, the mini-fridges are sensored so if you move anything inside you are automatically charged for it. So anything you buy outside can't be stored in the fridge. Bring a small cooler to keep anything you bring with you cold.I would say the best part about this hotel was that it was very very quiet from inside the rooms. We had a family with small kids in the room next to ours and didn't hear a peep through the walls or in the hallway. It was clean and the beds were very comfortable.There are many other hotels downtown with better amenities and a better location. We're going to Chicago again in June but will not be staying here.	
Jan 2 2007 	Not a 4 star hotel	I'm surprised by the reviews here, because we were disappointed by this hotel. It exhibits neither Swiss efficiency nor American service. The decor of the rooms and the communal areas is really dated, looks like it hasn't been touched for years. The other big gripe was with the reception staff, who were rude. There was absolute chaos in the reception on the afternoon of new year's eve - it appeared the hotel was overbooked, and the place resembled a refugee camp.The only positive was the view from the room, which was stunning. But the location is a little isolated - not a massive deal, but it's a brisk 10 minute walk to anywhere in the city centre, and it can be very brisk in Chicago at this time of year. There are loads of good hotels in the city centre which offer bargain deals - go for one of those instead.	
Dec 26 2006 	Quiet clean and close to the Magnificent mile	We took a chance and booked our first trip to Chicago through Priceline, and ended up staying here December 22 through 24th. for an unbelievable price ,lower than any I saw posted here. After reading all the comments, I felt we should add our experience. The Swissotel was a great place to stay, rooms were very clean, and quiet at night for a great nights rest, with extremely comfortable beds, and high quality bedding. The hotel staff was very courteous and helpful, switching our room to one with 2 double beds from a king, even suggesting local restaurants to eat at just a short walk away. The pool located on the 42 floor was also nice, although the health equipment charge seems a little odd. The hotel is just 2 blocks from the Magnificent Mile, for shopping, eating, or just watching people, with lots of things to do in all price ranges. Several nearby Walgreens also. We decided not to use the hotel parking at $45 a night, and parked next door at 303 E Wacker, at $28 a night. Just park the car, elevator to the first floor, open the door and you are at the Swissotel. There are several other parking garages nearby, 101 E Wacker, and of course Millennium Park 4-5 blocks away. The free trolley system pick-up is right next door at the Hyatt, and takes you all over downtown, as well as the Navy Pier and the Field Museum Campus. It would have been a prefect stay if there was some kind of breakfast included in the hotel price, and if you could use the in room refrigerator without the sensor going off, you move anything on it or in it, and you will have a charge on you bill to dispute .Would we stay here again? Absolutely! We enjoyed our stay both at the hotel and Chicago! It was great!	
Dec 20 2006 	nice rooms comfortable beds	We stayed at the Swissotel on Dec. 2nd, It was extremely busy when we got there and yet check-in moved along quickly. Front desk was very pleasant. It was a bitter cold day and they had mulled cider in the loby, which we thought was a nice touch. Our room was clean and spacious. TV remote didn't work so we called the front desk and they had one up to us within 10-15 minutes. We had a great night sleep because the bed was so comfortable. We spent just one night, but all in all it was a great stay. Would recommend it and would definitely stay again.	
Dec 19 2006 	Terrific hotel if you get it at a good price	Booked this through a special deal for $109/night. It's a great hotel at that price. I even had to cancel a day off the reservation because of flight cancellation, but front desk had no problems and no penalties with that. Cab from Midway cost $27 + 8 tip and there was no traffic whatsoever even during rush hour. (Chicago is awesome this way compared to NYC.)The rooms were very clean. We had a pretty bad view on the 27th floor relative to the other rooms which faced Lake Michigan (east) (north or west is probably nice too) There's some construction right now Southwards and we stared at a giant mud pit with big cranes the entire visit. Bed was comfortable, bath robes were luxurious, room was large with a good desk for working.The strawberry and orange water in the lobby was a nice touch.The health club is excellent. Mostly empty with a wonderful pool and a hot tub with jacuzzi. Weight room and cardio room was well equipped even though I didn't get a chance to use.Palm restaurant is great. I've been to the one in Washington D.C. and Las Vegas and this one is the best tastewise. Friendly service.The few complaints I had were as follows - refrigerator was stocked with food that was weight sensitive. The moment you remove an item, you're charged, even if you replace it within 10 seconds. I didn't even open the refrigerator or touch it for fear of setting off the Indiana Jones boobytrap. It would have been nice to be able to put my store-bought Gatorade into the refrigerator.Additionally, elevators are the slowest I've ever encountered. They take forever to pick you up. I literally waited 10 minutes one time for an elevator to stop and take me to the pool on 42.Also, no continental breakfast.All in all, an excellent stay - close to the southern end of the Magnificent mile and not too far a walk to the Art Institute and the Shedd and Field museum.	
Dec 15 2006	its good!	No doubt the cleanliness ..the decor everything is A+!!!just one small problem you have to wqalk faaaaar to long for the nearest Starbucks ,Wallgreens and the remaining shops...else there is nothing wrong.great room..nice channels ... cosy!!!	
Dec 10 2006 	A Touch of Class	A friend and I decided to have a long weekend in Chicago to get away from it all. Swissôtel, midway between the bustle of North Michigan Avenue and the Loop seemed an attractive proposition. The hotel website offered what it called &quot;Package: Field Museum&quot; with the &quot;Swiss Lakeview Room&quot; for $289 for the both of us per night for three nights. This package included a free trip to the Field (which, as it happens, we didn't use), complementary use of their well equipped gym on the 43rd floor, which I used on Friday morning at 6.30 watching the dawn come up over Lake Michigan, and, most especially, complementary breakfast. I just hate hotels which do not offer this. Nothing is worse than realising, too late, that the hotel will charge an arm and a leg for breakfast à la carte, or offer nothing at all, sending you out to fend for yourself in the morning. In fact, this item on the agenda is what clinched it. And what a buffet breakfast it was: assorted cereals, assorted fruit juices, fresh fruit, including raspeberries, strawberries, blackberries, bluberries, pineapple, melon, orange, watermelon, bananas, apples; I have never seen such a spread of fruit! Plus the usual cooked items, pancakes, sausages, bacon, etc, (I don't eat cooked breakfast, so I can't vouch for the range, but it, too, looked very big). Then, to round it off, a big variety of cakes and breads. I was so stuffed after breakfast that lunch and dinner became nominal! It was superb. The views from the 29th corner-room floor were great. The room was spacious and well-appointed. We did have an argumentative lavatory which blocked each day we were there, and which was unblocked each time we got back (having mentioned it to the conciège each morning on the way out). Ah, for perfection... The total bill for three days, after the state and city taxes were added (which total is not mentioned at the time of booking) came to just over $1000 for the two of us. Oh: something else which took us too long to find out. The hotel is connected underground to Michigan Avenue through various corridors and lobbies, except on weekends, when it is all closed. We arrived in -6° wind chill conditions, and this piece of information would have been most welcome. There are a few entrances which look like big office entrances on the east side of Michigan south of Wacker: just go in and ask for directions to Swissôtel. Enjoy!	
Dec 5 2006 	Loved the Swissotel	We just returned from a trip to Chicago and after staying in the Swissotel have nothing but the best things to say about this hotel.We arrived at about 11 am and were told that the room wouldn't be available until about 3 pm which you could expect. The bell staff was happy to hold my bags till I returned. Returning to the hotel about 4 pm I was then able to check into my room. To my surprise I had a great king bed room looking over Lake Michigan, the Chicago river, and Navy pier. It was a million dollar view. We found everything in the room to be fine. Then headed to the 42th floor to use the pool &amp; whirlpool. Once again the view was to die for. The pool and whirlpool were a great way to relax after spending the day shopping. Didn't use the workout area, but looked like they had plenty of equipment for guest to use.After checking out on Sunday we checked our bags so we could do some more walking and shopping. Returning about 5 pm and found the fireplace located off the lobby a great place to warm up and relax having a cocktail. All I can say is that I found nothing but good things about this hotel and their employees. I will be staying here on my next trip back to chicago	
Dec 2 2006	Dull and outdated	This Swissotel feels dated and although there was no major problem during our stay, we didn't leave the hotel feeling satisfied. The property was under the standards we would expect from a property at this price level. Beds should be more comfortable and the room and hotel in general were rather dull and feel more like a 3 than a 4 star hotel. Front desk staff was not pleasant at all and did not bother to satisfy our room preferences. Next time in Chicago I would skip the Swissotel and stay elsewhere.	
Nov 30 2006	Great location...decent hotel with 1 problem	Stayed here 1 night over Thanksgiving weekend. Probably my 10th different hotel I've stayed in downtown Chicago and would be in the middle of the pack. Location was nice because it is in a neutral location between the loop area, the north michigan ave area, and the waterfront/park. Was able to check-in before noon which was great. The room was nice and spacious with a good view of the water and Grant Park. Nice large bathroom with seperate shower and bathtub. Comfy bed. The problem we had was the room wouldn't get cool (even with the ac blasting all afternoon). I had a repair person come in to check it out and they did, but said they couldn't get it any lower than it is. Which was strange because the hallway was a nice temp but our room was warm and stuffy. So, they opened up the window for us with their allen wrenches. That helped out, but they could only crack the window, so still not as cool as I like. Oh, and the ice maker on our floor was broken, so I had to go up 3 floors for one that worked. Other than these problems, not a bad stay.	
Nov 23 2006	OK but bid low	Won this Swissotel priceline for $75.Stayed last night in order to be downtown for the thanksgiving parade. Hotel is VERY hard to find- it is at the END of upper wacker- and if you're not familiar with upper/lower wacker you can get very mixed up! we spent 25 minutes just driving around all the wackers. I did not want to spend the $45 for hotel valet parking, since the public parking next door was $28, but after 25 minutes of driving around I just wanted to be at the hotel! So I paid the big bucks to drop the car at the door. My initial impressions were positive. Very classy entrance, nice staff. Very kid friendly, have a little desk with crayons and coloring books while you check in, and give you a kids pack with things for the kids to do.Pool is nice, whirlpool very nice. BUT... there were definitely some low class, trashy people in the hotel who felt they deserved the entire pool to themselves, doing cannonballs, etc.Room was nice, but more like 3* Hyatt, than a 4*. Beds very small- luckily we brought our inflatable bed. Bathroom was nice, separate shower and bathtub, lots of toiletries. But the hairdryer was hanging in the closet, didn't find it till my hair was dry. They also short you on pillows- 2 per bed instead of the usual 4 per bed.Location is not great- a good walk from any sights. And there is not direct route to anything- you have to walk up, down, to this side and that side. And with priceline we got the cheap view, not the navy pier view even though the hotel was pretty empty.Valet service is a joke- takes forever to get the car, and then they stand right next to you until you tip them. I understand they work hard and all- but for $45 I should have the right not to tip someone for just driving my car up to the door.Anyway, I would not be terribly disappointed if I won it again, but next time I would bid lower.	
Nov 17 2006 	Great view from the room	Great location for all the main sights and restaurants.You can walk everywhere and it's well worth doing this so you take in all the sights and sounds of the city.In terms of getting into the centre of Chicago, from the airport just follow the signs for the train and get on the 'blue' line. This runs right into the middle of the city. For this hotel get off at the 'Clark' stop and it's about a 10 - 15 minute walk from there. The cost of a return trip for 2 was £12, a real bargin since it takes about 30 - 40 minutes on the train to reach the centre.	
Oct 28 2006 	Pretty Decent Business Hotel	This is a good quality business hotel, although I do think it's terrible to charge $10/day for internet and $10/day for the gym. Internet access is via ethernet cable.Check-in was below average; the woman who checked us in barely made eye contact the entire time, and was just generally grouchy. I like the duvets...very cozy and they're white so you don't have to get grossed just thinking about sitting on the bed. Mini-bar is one of those sensor ones, which I didn't know and moved around all the bottles and now I have to go down to the front-desk and tell them I only had a diet coke. Bathroom has separate tub and shower which is nice. Personally, for me the location is just okay. You're not really in the heart of things...if you're here for pleasure, I would try staying on Michigan or a block or two off of it. The gym has a couple of treadmills, bikes, and ellipticals. No free weights. Pool looks nice. Gym is on the top floor, so views are really great. View from my hotel room is pretty fanstastic--out onto Navy Pier and Lake Michigan. That's probably one of the nicest things about the hotel.Nice touch in the lobby with the ice water and orange slices. So--overall, pretty decent, but nothing spectacular.	
Oct 26 2006 	Great experience	One of the most pleasant stays I have had in Chicago. From checking to checking out, I loved the room and the staff. The view we had from our room of Navy Pier was outstanding.	
Oct 23 2006 	Overall a nice place but a few minor inconveniences	The Swissotel was pleasant and clean. The lobby and check-in area is okay, although it's certainly not as grand as those areas in the Palmer House Hilton or the Renaissance. Our 31st-floor room was clean, spacious, and tastefully decorated, and it was very quiet on our floor. We never had to wait long for an elevator. The toiletries were similar to those in other major downtown hotels. There was a separate tub and shower stall. The toilet didn't always flush completely, so we sometimes needed to hold the handle down for the entire flushing sequence or we had to flush more than once. A minor inconvenience...The volume control on the TV remote didn't work, and the picture on the TV was too dark (but viewable). We didn't ask anyone to replace or fix the TV remote, nor did we ask anyone to come in and adjust the TV picture. We couldn't find any controls on the remote that would allow us to adjust the TV picture, although it's possible that such a control was there. (Ah, for the days of having manual controls on the TV...)We were on the south side of the building, so the view was just okay--between two buildings, you could see part of the Gehry-designed structure in Millennium Park. If we'd been on the northwest side, the view of Navy Pier, the river, and Lake Michigan would've been great.All in all, a pleasant enough stay, but there were enough fit-and-finish glitches that I give it 3 stars instead of 4 stars. We'd stay there again without hesitation since none of the issues reported in this review were major problems.	
Oct 18 2006 	Spacious room with a stunning view	Our spacious room on the 33rd floor looked out over the Chicago River, the Navy Pier, and the Lake Michigan shore. The room was comfortably furnished with a king bed, a desk, and comfortable chair with ottoman. It was extremely quiet--we couldn't hear our neighbors or people in the hall. The minibar was well stocked with soft drinks at $4.00 each. We could also buy a half literbottle of Evian water for $6.00. In the last hotel I stayed in, bottled water was complimentary. Their fitness center is nice but will cost you another $10.00 (as will internet access).The hotel is well located--several blocks from Millenium Park, The Art Institute, Michigan Avenue shopping, and many fine restaurants.This is a very well run hotel, which is as it should be, considering our one night's stay cost us over $300. For that, we should have at least received a complimentary bottle of water and free access to the fitness center.	
Oct 17 2006	Wonderful in Every Way!	What a tremendous value, $99 for this 5 star hotel, perfectly situated at the beginning of the Magnificent Mile. Everything was wonderful, including the staff and service.	
Oct 15 2006 	Dont let the fancy European name fool you....	Believe me, It was just OK. Great fancy hotel name - but ultimately disappointing. Uneventful dated 80's room decoration, hot water faucet in bathroom leaked constantly - tried reaching front desk to have them fix it and there was nobody ever available to help. Room phone gave out after a day, front desk management &quot;too busy&quot; to attend this very simple request - fix the faucet. OK Dreadfully slow laptop connection and yes - NO Wi-FI available. Air conditioning got me sick, do they ever change the filter? guess not, since my sinuses were literally killing me. I was truly disappointed with this hotel- frankly, I went for the FANCY name w/o first reviewing it on this site - learned my lesson. Please stay elsewhere in Chicago - there are plenty of options know what I'm talking about.	
Oct 14 2006	Very Clean But Rude Service	First of all, let me say that the location, although&quot;out of the way&quot; in some manner, is rather a luxury.It is within walking distance, if you are fit to walk,to most of the attractions in the city including themediocre and overrated &quot;mall type&quot; Navy Pier. The riveris directly in front of the hotel and the view of theNavy Pier is wonderful, if you are lucky enough to geta room there. Now on the side of the service andstaff, there is a real &quot;snobbish&quot; attitude that isprobably related to the fact that the Swedish-Germanprogeny of Europe work at the hotel, except as luggagehandlers, toilet cleaners and car parkers. With thissaid, they were very rude and utilitarian, not evenasking me if I needed help with my luggage, I had 8bags in total and I had to come back twice to get themup to the room while being stared at by the &quot;roboticlike&quot; security thugs. The hotel has no charm, thelackluster and practical design might move fans ofGropius but it is severely lacking in warmth or charm.It is CLEAN though, I must give them that. Uponentering the hallway to the rooms, the decor changesfrom the mild pragmatic blandness of the lobby, to acozy, down home 'flowers and stripes pattern' thatreally works well after a day of hard sight seeing.The room is very clean, not too large and the plus isthe bathroom, which boasts one of the best androomiest showers I have ever had the pleasure ofusing. The neat rock tiles and cleanliness add to thedark color, there is even a large bath to use,although I did not take the opportunity because I wasparanoid of getting a fungal infection at the time.The downturn is in the parking fee, which is somethinglike $35-$65 a night and is absurd, considering my carwas lost for a few hours in the dingy cement stylebasement. So, in all, I would definitely stay hereagain, even though the service stinks, the restaurantis for rich patrons with money to blow and the peopleare snobs, the rooms make up for it. The cheaper placeto park is on Michigan Ave by the Art Institute in oneof the city run underground parking chambers, it isonly about 12 blocks away if you are up for it.	
Oct 7 2006 	Very Good	Very nice hotel, good rooms, great bathrooms and good breakfast.Location is good for tourists and views are spectacular.I would recommend this for any one staying in Chicago.	
Oct 3 2006 	Great views great location	Stayed here for 6 nights in late September. During the week it's mainly a business hotel but there were lots of families with small children at the weekend and became rather noisier. Reception was efficient but not warm. Our room on the 29th floor was good, plenty of space, and a wonderful view over the yacht club marinas to Lake Michigan. Bathroom was a good size. Air-con and internet connections were efficient. The one bad point was a note on top of the minibar forbidding you to put anything in (to keep cool) and that infractions would be met with a charge on top of the cost of the room. We got round this by using the (free) ice machines and bucket. We ate breakfast in the Lobby Lounge, where the two waitresses were friendly and welcoming - top mark to them. On the last night we ate in the Palm Restaurant where we were overwhelmed by our waiter - it felt like we were taking part in an audience participation show rather than having a meal. But the food was good and fresh.This hotel has a great location - as it boasts ,&quot;where the river meets the lake&quot;, two minutes from Michigan Avenue and the majority of the major tourist attractions are within walking distance or easily reached on public transport.	
Sep 30 2006 	great breakfast great view and great service	My room had a great view of Lake Michigan. I enjoyed waking each morning to see the blue sky and shimmering water of the lake. The breakfast is a jewel! It's downstairs a little out of the way and is fabulous. Very friendly servers and nice selection of food at a reasonable price. The front desk staff was friendly as well. My room was very comfortable - glass enclosed shower, jaccuzi tub and cozy bed. I'd stay there again.	
Sep 25 2006	Great location	We stayed here for five nights in September 2006. It was raining when we got to the hotel and it was nice the rest of the time we were there. Check-in was smooth and we confirmed non-smoking, high up floor. When we got to the room, right at the door, it smelled of smoke. Not necessary in the room itself, but right at the door. We turned on the A/C and it was fine. The health club and pool and spa were nice. Its $ 10/day for the health club and the business center charges $ 5 per 15 minutes to check e-mail and internet. The pool and spa are free. Its a drag when its a first class hotel and they nickel and dime you.Room service was great. We called several times and within 30 minutes our food was at the door. We would leave typically between 10-11am and be back about 5pm to change for dinner. Our room was always made up. One day we left before 9am and came back about 1:15 and the room was not cleaned up. No sign of the houekeeper or their cart. My husband had at a conference call at 2:30 so we went to the front desk and asked them to see that our room be cleaned. We went for a walk and returned about 2:15 and everything was cleaned up. Overall it was great !! We would stay here again.	
Sep 23 2006 	Great views	I was surprised at how much I liked this hotel because there does not seem to be much hype about it in the travel books. I have stayed at four other hotels in Chicago and this is my favorite so far. I really liked our room it was clean and comfortable and had the amenities that I appreciate in a hotel room. I really liked the bathroom and thought the view from the room was just great especially at night! The location of the hotel is also good and the staff seemed friendly. Some of the other hotels in the same class in Chicago might be a little more decorative or chic but their rooms are not as comfortable and don’t seem to have the same dependable amenities that the Swissotel has. I would defiantly stay at this hotel again!	
Sep 8 2006 	Absolutely Superb	Stayed here for a night at the end of August! The room was just excellent- we had views of lake michigan, millennium park and other buildings! the location was superb, next to magnificent mile and a short walk to navy pier! The concierge were really helpful and they also have really nice complimentry strawberry and orange water in the reception area! We felt it was the best hotel room we have ever stayed in - so spacious! We booked on hotwire and got what we felt was a really good price via the 4* wacker drive option for $100!The only downside was the Chicago weather, which took away the beautiful view on the 2nd day! But the hotel gave us an umbrella to use for the day!A highly highly recommended hotel!	
Sep 7 2006 	Just off MI Ave and on the Lake	Swissotel Chicago is on the corner of the river and lake, just about 2 blocks off Michigan Ave. Be prepared for slightly uphill walk if you are shopping MI Ave. That is the only downside to the location, but you may enjoy the access south to Millenium Park. The Chicago bus does come in front and along with El (rail) very easy to use. Rooms were good, nothing spectacular about them except the views. The building is tirangular shaped, and we could see Millenium Park. Bath is roomy with separate shower. Single sink and tub were nice also. Room included desk &amp; chair along with casual chair &amp; ottoman. Overall good but not great 4* hotel. The rate we received on travelzoo special $159/nt for labor day weekend was ok. If you want to be in the middle on MI ave shopping, this is not the best location, but a nicer hotel at decent rate (less than $200) this is a good choice.	
Sep 5 2006 	OK but expected better.	I stayed at the Swissotel Chicago for 3 nights: August 31st-September 3rd. I booked my room via Priceline.COM and got a decent rate.I think the hotel overall is good, not great. I have stayed at many nice hotels in this class before. I had also stayed at the Swissotel Boston several years ago and this was a much different experience from a service point of view. This is the only Swissotel in the US now as the Boston one I believe is now a Hyatt.The hotel seemed understaffed at the front desk as there was only one agent when I checked in. At anytime in my stay I only saw at most, 2 agents and many times there was a line. I thought that the concierge staff was OK, certainly not too pleasant, but adequate. I got an early check-in by calling the hotel the morning of my arrival. I was happy to be able to check my stuff in at 9AM vs. 3PM. Granted, they put me in a room by the elevator on the 33rd floor but I wasn't about to complain. Quite honestly there wasn't a lot of noise outside my door and I was not in the room a lot of the time.Regarding the room itself though, there was a problem with my minibar, the refrigerator didn't work. The internet access/guest services/movie selection didn't work either. Of course I called downstairs and was put on endless hold due to them not being staffed sufficiently. I hung up and just dealt with it, I didn't want the hassle when I am on my way outside to enjoy the beautiful weather I had while I was there. So the issue never got resolved and I am sure the next guest had to deal with it. I had a note slipped under my door early Friday morning telling me that they were working on the guest services/movie thing and that they hoped to have it back working that night. Also, that the water in the hotel would be turned off from 9:30AM-11:30AM. I took an early shower that morning. The view from my room was really nice for the most part, but I wasn't going to be sitting in my room staring out the window either.The location on Wacker Drive is fine in that you can walk a couple blocks up to Michigan Avenue. It's a block away from the Hyatt which I have also stayed at and isn't as nice as the Swissotel but at least its better staffed. It's two blocks from Millenium Park which is very nice. There are a couple of fountains in Millenium Park designed for kids to play in that is nice if you are staying here during the warmer months. Perhaps my room was the only one that didn't have a working refrigrator/minibar. I would say if the company is paying for it, the hotel is fine. However, if you are doing this for a special Chicago experience, look elsewhere. There are better hotels and better locations to be at in Chicago.	
Jul 30 2006 	Nice but you can do better	I travel to Chicago on business fairly often, and have stayed in about a dozen different four-star properties. This was my first time at the Swissotel and, while it's not &quot;bad&quot; in any significant way, I think one should at least consider other hotels unless the Swissotel can be had at a bargain rate. My room was paid for, but I noticed the rate was $259.00 and I don't think it's worth THAT kind of money. The view of the river and Navy Pier was certainly great, and it was quiet there, but the room itself was just so-so. Once you shut the door, and without the view, you wouldn't necessarily think you were in a luxury hotel in a major city. Furnishings were nothing special and kind of 'worn'. The shower was a stall with a curtain, and the shower head was at about shoulder level for a man of just average height; no place to put anything either. By the time the shower was over, even with the curtain closed, there was a lot of water on the floor, etc. Toilet seat would NOT stay up on its own, not much counter-space by the sink, and when you open the door to the room, it swings open and stays there on its own until it's ready to automatically close. And I never could tell exactly what they meant by the term &quot;Swiss hospitality&quot; I kept hearing about. When the TV check-out system wouldn't work, I called to check out, and the voice on the other end cut me off and said &quot;it's all taken care of&quot; in about half a nano-second, like I was a huge interruption to something really important. I agree with other reviewers who found the staff to be efficient, but not terribly personable. None of these things is a big deal, alone, obviously, but I have to say I've been more impressed with hotels like the Intercontinental, the Sofitel, the Sheraton along the river, the Marriott on Michigan Ave., the W downtown, or the Drake, at this price. If you can get a bargain for the Swissotel, then it should certainly be on your list. All things being equal, though, I would opt for one of the others I've mentioned, at least to compare before you decide.	
Jul 29 2006 	Chicago as always is a great city	Stayed here for 2 nights 8th and 9th July booked with purelyamerica £189 for 2nights.great location great views we were on the 27th floor over looking city Wrigle building and chicago river . Where ever you are in this hotel you get great views we loved sitting in the jacuzzi on the 42nd floor over looking navy pier lake michigan and the city. For my 16 yrs old daughter it was one of the many highlights of our holiday. We recommend the buffet breakfast. Staff were friendly.	
Jul 28 2006 	A+ for July 17th - 19th	I stayed at the Swissotel from July 17-19th for a business trip. I have to say I really though this was a great hotel. The beds were extremely comfortable, rooms were extremely spacious and the bathrooms were as well. I felt like I was at home while staying at the hotel and would recommend it to anyone who is thinking about going to Chicago. It is right around the corner from the Magnificent Mile and I have great views from my room! It was a little pricy thought, came out to around $414 a night (with all of the taxes).	
Jul 17 2006	Excellent Hotel Choice!!!!	Hi We stayed here 7-14 and 7-15-06. We had got a deal on Priceline. for 175.00 a night. We were on the 30th floor with a great view of Navy Pier. When we checked in they said they were going to give us an upgraded room, they did not say why?  The room was very large. It had a large dresser, king size bed, desk, and lounging chair. The linens and pillows were soft and a perfect end to long days of sightseeing!  Bathroom was large, it had a tub and a seperate glass stand up shower. Great air conditioning system.  I think they should provide complimentary breakfast.  Only complaint was that our headboard was on the wall of the elevator, which as you can imagine was not the best room to have. So be warned it is a large hotel, ask for a room AWAY from the elevator :) Great location, a couple blocks from Magificient Mile.  I would absolutely stay here again!	
Jul 11 2006	Quiet and comfortable bed!	Stayed at the Swisshotel Jun 30/06 - Jul 5/06 for 110 USD a nite plus taxes from Priceline. What a deal! The hotel is truly a 4* with large rooms, large marbled bathrooms that come with shower and tub. Shower pressure was very good. Robes were provided in the closet. King size bed with nice soft linens and pillows. A desk and internet hook up was in the room. Minibar and TV. Cost of internet was $25/day. Air conditioned.We were on the 31st floor and had a great view of Lake Michigan, Grant Park, and Lakeshore Drive. Hotel is walking distance (10 mins) to the Magnificant Mile (for all the serious shoppers, this is your street of dreams) and Navy Pier in the other direction. Closest subway station is a good 15 minute walk so prepare for some walking to get to public transportation. Taxi are available at the hotel. No complimentary breakfast was provided.Hotel is staff is courteous on the most part. The head concierge, Dan, seemed a little short at times but aside from him, everyone else was quite helpful.Definitely would stay again.	
Jul 6 2006	Within walking distance......	Stay at the Swissotel 7/1/06 - 7/3/06. Based on some of the reviews I was concerned that the hotel was old and far from the attractions that brought us to Chicago. If you are healthy and can walk it's the way to see the city and the beautifull buildings and parks. We walked everywhere. My wife is 53 and I am 47 so we are not spring chickens. So strap on your walking shoes and get outside to enjoy the sites of this beautiful city.  See Grant Park; Eat Chicago Pizza; and if your a beer drinker you have to try Goose Ale. Have fun in Chicago	
Jul 5 2006	The good and the so-so	Just returned from a three night stay at the Swissotel. I had read online about the corner room and possible upgrades so I asked if a corner room was possible. I didn't get it for free...it was offered at $30.00 a night and the hotel was pretty full so we took that. We didn't check out the normal rooms but my parents were in a &quot;normal&quot; room and loved it, and said it was one of the nicest and most importantly cleanest they'd been in lately. We took the corner room facing Navy Pier and Chicago River and we were high fiving for 20 minutes like kids in a candy shop. Two walls are solid glass the entire wall. The view was unparralled. The bed was PERFECT. Two plump down pillows for each of us, big fluffy white comforter, soft sheets, CLEAN. There were thick terry robes in the closet, an umbrella you could borrow, iron, coffee pot, lotions and q-tips all complimentary. The front desk staff was professional and very helpful. My only complaint was that there is a charge for using the gym that is not stated very clearly and openly and I was shocked that it was to be added to my bill without my knowledge. I resorted to only using the sauna after talking to management about the fee and suddenly the next day &quot;the sauna was being worked on for several hours&quot; and I could not use it. Swissotel has a famous restaurant inside it and the staff in there are charming and attentive. Loved them! I wasn't completely bowled over by the Swiss as they could have done a little more to really make our stay special (paper delivered only once to door, no extra ammenities or special touches that would really impress for very little extra cost). Make SURE to walk just behind the hotel to Millenium Park. It's RIGHT THERE! There's a nice cafe and sculptures and music. In front of the Millenium Park is a Starbuck's and a Walgreens since you can't use your in room frige without paying out the woo hoo. Very cool hotel. Loved it. View makes it!	
Jun 27 2006	Loved the Swissotel	I stayed here back in November 2004. Service was great as I was greeted immediately by bellstaff from my taxi and the desk person greeted me with a great smile. I had a great room overfacing the Chicago River. Will stay here verytime I go to Chicago.	
Jun 4 2006	Good value and location	Booked on Hotwire for less than $150, taxes included, per night. Stayed one night (5/17/06). Purpose of the trip was to shop, eat, and see Pearl Jam in concert at the United Center. Location was good for shopping since it is a three block walk to the south end of the Magnificent Mile. The cab fare to and from the hotel to the United Center was approx $13 each way.Valet parking was $41 plus tip for one night. We checked in at 1:30 p.m. (90 minutes early). A river view room was ready. The room was clean. The room included a big umbrella which proved useful given the weather that afternoon.We had drinks at The Palm lobby bar in the hotel bar before the concert. Service was good. Cigar smoking patrons didn't add to the atmosphere though.Ate at Rosebud for lunch. It is roughly 10-12 blocks from the hotel. What an EXCELLENT surprise. We walked in off the street in part because we were starved and because of the weather. We could not have picked a better place for lunch. The lunch entrees we picked were $10-13. Lunch for two with house wine, coffee, dessert and tip was about $90. The Italian food was superb. Talk about a tasty &quot;gravy&quot;. My wife and I are food snobs, and this place really was a treat.My only complaint about the hotel was the ice machines. There was no ice machine on our floor. I had to go one floor up or down for ice. I went up, and that machine was broken. No big deal other then it took fifteen minutes to find ice at midnight.Six months ago, we stayed three nights at the Westin Mag. Mile for over twice the price per night. I would definitely chose Swissotel over many others if you can get a good rate.	
May 31 2006	Fantastic!	We absolutely loved the hotel. Had a corner room with views of the lake/Navy Pier one way and downtown the other.Amazing view. Staff were courteous. The concierge did a great job with dinner recommendations. It is a easy walk or cab ride to all down town attractions. Anyone who says Michigan Ave is too far away is just plain lazy, it's 2 blocks. One block walk to Millenium Park. The closest &quot;El&quot; station was about a 15 minute walk. Only downside is parking was a bit expensive, but then most city hotels are.	
May 31 2006	Memorial Day Weekend in Chicago	Pros: Location--walking distance from State/Lake Orange Line stop (if you have more than one bag you might prefer a cab):, with a good pair of walking shoes (and if you luck out and get great weather as I did) you can walk the entire Magnificent Mile (though if you're power shopping you may want to stay at one of the hotels near/on the Mag. Mile so you can drop packages off. We found State St. stores more in our middle-class price range and closer to Swissotel.); easy walk to Millienium Park, Art Institute and State Street shopping; walking distance to Navy Pier. Chicago Arch. Center boat tours leave just across the street from hotel at riverside. I'm from Los Angeles and don't do a lot of walking but I found all of the above within my comfort zone. Cabs were parked outside in case I got lazy. Cons: I believe the hotel is categorized in the luxury category but seemed pretty plain wrap to me. Room and bathroom were clean, though shower stall was extremely tiny (and I'm not that big.) There was no room to put shampoo and if you put it on the floor and bent over you chanced hitting your head on the door. You had to turn the water on while standing in the stall or it would spray directly into the room before you had a chance to shut the door. There was no evening turndown service or complimentary bottled water. One day there was a newspaper, but not the other three days we were there. Staff seemed efficient though not overly friendly, no good morning, etc. when you passed. Room service is limited after 10 p.m. Though not completely isolated, I didn't find any interesting restaurants nearby. The Swissotel loyalty program is by invitation only which was disappointing. I recently joined the Fairmont's free President's Club and enjoyed benefits such as free wireless access, free health club and spa discount, my very first visit. As far as activities in Chicago, did the usual tourist stuff. Found the John Hancock Observatory to be expensive for the short time one's there. Instead of spending money for it, have a drink in the Signature Lounge or enjoy the reasonably priced lunch buffet offered in the Signature Room instead. Took in the Best of Second City at the Black Orchid Lounge--got the tickets at discount at the HotTix at the Old Water Tower building. Very much enjoyed the Chicago Food Tour, a walking tour that incorporates food tastings at various places like a bakery, traditional deli, pizza, chocolate lounge, etc. with informative details about Chicago's history. Our guide, Shane, pointed out significant buildings that we would have walked right past and introduced us to some wonderful neighborhoods that offered shops and restaurants unique to Chicago. The tour covers several miles so wear comfortable shoes and carry a tote to hold all the stuff you're going to want to buy--or better yet, ask Shane about his Hammock Bag--it holds a ton and you won't even feel that you're wearing it.	
May 15 2006	Disliked the Chicago Swissotel	Trouble in this hotel began when I entered the room and found it to be a room designed for disabled people and next to the elevator bank. I went straight back to reception and got a new room so up I went again. It turned out to be one of the odd-shaped but ok corner rooms, the design being a result of the triangular shapre of the building. Again, elevators could be heard. From talking to other guests, I concluded that rooms ending with numbers xx1, xx2, xxx19 and xx20 should be avoided unless you enjoy listening to elevators going up and down!The worst experience during my five night stay was breakfast. The lower-level restaurant called Geneva is run-down, both the carpet and the chairs need cleaning, not to mention the color design dating back approx. 20 years. The worst were the clorox-like smell on that floor and the level of service provided by the staff. One morning, the order of scrambled egg and bacon turned out to be fried eggs and sausage, one other morning, the french toast showed up as two slices of french toast on a bare dish, all the extras were just missing. What a sight! The staff is not helpful and sometimes hardly able to understand even a simple English sentence.Back in the room, the cleaning staff never made it there before 4pm in the afternoon, not very exciting when you have to spend a rainy weekend in the windy city! And due to the lack of a sign, you cannot indicate to the cleaning staff early in the day that the room is ready.Upon checkout, I was told that the printer was offline and no receipt could be printed, but was promised to get a pdf file per email asap. As one could expect, nothing happened and only after writing to the GM could I finally get the invoice I needed for the expense reporting.Alltogether, this seems to be a somewhat run-down place, far from its old glory and catering to a two- to three-star crowd of tourists, conference attendees and, at least over the weekend, the wedding croud. No reason to return to this place, there are better places more or less just around the corner. Sad to write this as a previous key customer of Swissotel, a chain which seems to be at the end of its lifecycle.	
May 15 2006	Wonderful hotel	I am a frequent visitor to Chicago and I found this hotel to be excellent in almost every way. MUCH better than some less &quot;impressive&quot; properties, and it was less expensive as well (though I found a special rate online).Swissotel offered all the services/extras I like -- lots of cabs, in-hotel bar, great views, room service, etc. Extremely helpful staff, a very quiet, clean and safe property.As for people that have complained about the proximity to attractions -- we didn't find that to be true at all -- a quick (2 minute) walk and you are on Michigan Ave. Plenty of restaurants/shops/etc nearby and easy access to everything. Of course...it is not like Rush Street, but then again...stay on Rush if that is what you desire.One thing that struck me as backward is that they charge $10 per 24 hours of internet usage in certain guest rooms. In this day and age...I think free wireless should be a given.	
May 12 2006	Don't stay here when a convention is in town (which is all the time)	I stayed at this property during the American Academy of Orthopedic Surgeons. I made the reservation well in advance. When I arrived, they stuck me in a conference room with a Murphy bed because they were overbooked. A TV had been rolled in on a stand and a little circular table placed in the middle of the floor to serve as a &quot;desk.&quot; Their &quot;compensation&quot; for this inconvenience was half off the nightly rate. They should have given me the room for free! I spoke with the manager who did not even apologize and would offer nothing more, not even a free meal or a discount the next time I stayed there. It was a horrible experience. I pointed out to the manager that my firm held a conference there just months before and had used the conference facilities as well as several hotel rooms. Still nothing. It was like he wanted to say &quot;---- you,&quot; without actually saying it.	
May 4 2006	Generally good value	We stayed at the Swiss in Sept 2005 during the week. The hotel was not very full so that was nice. Generally, considering the location it is a good value hotel. There are a few issues that I think need to be addressed. FIrst at check in the desk staff individuals were a bit rude and almost seemed to be looking down at people who are not business travelers. The hotel definitely caters to business travelers and so perhaps regular tourists are not important to them. The room was nice, basic and clean. The bathroom was also alright except for the need to be cleaned on the edges by the walls (seemed to have lots of dust). Little touches like putting the toilet paper roll into a triangle each day were nice but they failed to replenish the supply of toilet paper and tissues. These are not huge problems as not hotel is perfect but I think pointing them out is beneficial to some travellers. In general the place was nice and worth its money given its proximity to major landmarks in downtown Chicago. It is your avergave, clean, comfortable hotel but don't expect to be blown away.	
May 1 2006	overrated but what a great view	I have stayed at 15 different Chicago hotels over the years and was really looking forward to finally checking out the Swissotel. The reputation for pampering was not in evidence during our stay. The general feel was not what I would expect from a hotel with the reputation of the Swissotel. The room overall was a bit stale and tired. I did not find the service staff to be above average in any way, with the exception of the lovely concierge.I was impressed with the soft beds and quietness, considering a major convention was in town. The location is three long blocks east of the Michigan Ave bridge - some may find this inconvenient, particularly when coffee is needed! However, walking directly over to Millenium Park was a plus. I would not choose to stay here again for my next trip to Chicago.	
Apr 22 2006	If you get a great deal...	It took me a while to get down to writing reviews, but this was the second time we stayed at the Swissotel. We got an amazing deal on travelocity where we got a deluxe, river/lake view for an incredibly good price. When we arrived, they had a King bed reserved but instead we got stuck with two doubles, so they moved us to a higher floor. Front desk staff were not super easy to work with but it wasn't too bad. Not as central to everything as we would have liked - not convienent to walk to Navy Pier, but convienent to bus stops and everything else we wanted to see. Honestly, I would rate the service and location a three, the rooms a four, and the view a five! The view of where the river meets the lake is what makes this hotel magnificent!!-Although they seem to have plopped up some apartment buildings so the view seems a bit obstructed now. We love Chicago and will return as often as we can.. if we get a good deal, we'll stay at the Swissotel again!	
Apr 17 2006	Great deal for a great location.	My husband and I recently stayed two nights at the Swissotel. We booked our room after finding a $99.00 rate through travelzoo. To save money on parking fees, we parked at the Millennium parking garage and walked to the hotel. We arrived early Friday evening and were able to check-in very quickly. Less than 10 minutes after walking in the front door, we were in our room. The room itself was exactly as we expected. It was a non-smoking room with a king size bed, desk area with two chairs, a reading chair with ottoman and lamp, and other standard room ammenities. We were on the 30th floor and had a view which included some of the Chicago skyline and water. When we returned to our room on Saturday night, it had been nicely cleaned. On Sunday, we used the express check-out option which was very easy. When we returned home, we had a receipt waiting in our email inbox. Overall, the hotel was great. However, if you want the picky details, here you go.... The toilet paper was horribly thin. It's a small detail, but could easily be improved. Also, on Saturday morning, we woke up and there wasn't any hot water. We had to wait about an hour before we could shower and leave. It didn't really bother us, but if we had been on a tight schedule, it really would have been a problem. Also, the scale in the bathroom didn't work-- but who wants to weight themselves on a weekend away from home?!? Again, overall the hotel is a great place to stay-- especially if you can find a discount. The location is great for walking up MI Ave. And if the weather is good and you love walking, you could even manage to walk to the museum campus-- we made the long walk on one occasion because the weather was nice and we weren't in a hurry. To give you an idea of the location, we walked to Bistro 110, Heaven on Seven, Shaw's Crab House, Mill. Park, Grant Park, the Hancock Building, and many other places.	
Apr 10 2006	Liked the place but were annoyed by a couple of things	Last month my boyfriend and I stayed at Swissotel, which I bought through HotWire for $130 including tax and everything. My first impression is not so good, for when we drove up to the entrance and tried to park there just for a couple of minutes to check in(we had a plan to drive somewhere, so we didn't want to put our car in their parking). One guy(I think he was a porter, or &quot;parking solicitator&quot; if that exists) came up to us and yelled at us. &quot;Don't park here, hurry up, hurry up!&quot; Excuse me? We, your customers, have just arrived here to stay at your hotel. And we are just trying to check in and get out of here as soon as possible. Please give us a break.My boyfriend tried to explain our situation, but the guy continued to yell at us, &quot;Hurry up! Hurry up!&quot; So our first impression of the hotel was REALLY bad.(By the way, since we heard that their valet parking costs around $40 a night, we parked in the millennium park garage, which is located four or five blocks from the hotel. We entered the garage around 1:30pm and left it around 6:30pm on the following day, and ended up paying $40. I don't know if that's a good decision, but I kind of suspect that we might have paid more than a day-charge if we asked the hotel for the valet-parking.)Swissotel is located two or three blocks from Michigan Ave., where there is no walgreen or other small stores. You have to walk up kind of boring side of Wacker for a couple of blocks, so if you want to do a small shopping(like a chips and waters,) you should do it before leaving Michigan.Our non-smoking room was very nice, not too much decorated but not too business-like. It didn't have any stinky or smoky smell. It had a gorgeous view of the skyscraper and a partial view of the lake, which gave our nerve a rest. The bath room was really beautiful and big with a small shower cell AND the tub separately. Maybe in winter, you would love to take a long hot bath. The king-size bed was very comfortable if you prefer a bit firmer mattress. The amenity is pretty good with common bath products(including bath gel) and coffee maker(with free coffees &amp; teas.) The only thing that we hated in the room was the fridge. It was super tiny and did not allow you to put anything yours. The sign on the fridge said something like &quot;if you move drinks inside, that would be automatically added to your bill.&quot; So even if you have some leftovers from a pizza place or rib place, you cannot put it in the fridge. And waters and everything inside the room were SOOO overpriced. I strongly suggest you be aware of that.Our stay had another twist. We found a TV remote in our room broken. It might not be a big deal for some people, but if you lie down on the king bed and relax yourself by watching TV, that becomes a big deal. So we asked the frontdesk to fix it, and they sent an engineer. Well...fixing the malfunctioning remote ended up taking our supposedly-comfortable-1.5 hour. The engineer did his best to fix it, but the remote never worked. At some point, we began to murmur &quot;well, if you cannot fix it...&quot;-- and of course, the hotel decided to make up for us: they changed our room. So after the hardworking engineer's 1.5 hour struggle, we were asked to move to the next room. *Our next room was also non-smoking. Then we were told that rooms on the top 5 or 6 floors are all non-smoking.They apologized their inconvenience and offered us a free breakfast, which by the way was great with various kinds of fruits, cereals, and bread and we really appreciated.In the end, our impression is kind of mixed: the porter(or parking solicitator) was really rude and annoyed us but the room somehow compensated for it; then the trouble bothered our stay A LOT but was made up for with their sincere apology and a great breakfast. I have stayed in Lenox(currently under renovation), Allegro, and Fourpoints by Sheraton before. The size-wise, maybe Swissotel is the best and then comes Fourpoints. The convenience-wise, Fourpoints definitely beats Swissotel: Fourpoints has a small fridge in which you can put anything and even offers a free bottle of water as a welcome gift. Also people at Fourpoints were far nicer, friendlier, and warmer than ones at Swissotel(You can easily chat with anyone at Fourpoints but not with ones at Swissotel.) But the luxury-wise, Swissotel looks fancier and can make your day a bit different. We might end up staying there again but rather want to try different hotels next time.	
Apr 4 2006	Nice Hotel poor follow through	We went to go see the Toulouse Lautrec exhibit. Got a package through the hotel which was nice of them to offer (on the club level). The club level was nice, but some of the guests of the club level appeared not to be the same calibre as most - it was weird. Nice hotel, but not spectacular. View from room was okay, not great. I also called the concierge in advance and bought expensive tickets to a Cubs game through the hotels suggested broker. We got the tickets just fine, with a nice typed letter, etc. But, when we went to the game we were told that the game time had been moved and that we completely missed the game. I tried to approach the management about this, since being from out of town, not sure how we would have known this, and I got back a typed note with misspelled words in it - and nothing else - basically just - it's not our fault. Poor customer service.	
Mar 21 2006	Highly recommend the Swissotel	My husband and I spent this past Thursday and Friday nights at the Swissotel. We were very pleased with the hotel and with the service. We had a standard room the first night. It was large and comfortable. The next day, we were out walking for hours and returned to our room at 3:40 p.m. hoping to relax. The room had not been serviced and we were not pleased. The front desk offered to have housekeeping come right up, but we were not interested in leaving the room again. They offered us a free upgrade to a corner room. The views on all sides were spectacular. We didn't use the fitness center or pool but they are beautiful. I've posted one picture of the view from the standard room, and the rest are pictures of the corner room. We will definitely stay at the Swiss again.	
Mar 7 2006	Beautiful Room Exceptional Staff	We booked our room at the Swissotel on Hotwire for $88 (unbelievable rate!) and were extremely impressed with the Swissotel. The staff was so polite and catered to our every need. The room was oversized, clean, and had a large bathroom. We had a partial view of Lake Michigan, which was an added bonus. On the 42nd floor, they have a spotless workout room and pool with a view of the city and lake from 3 sides. Spectacular! We sat in the hot tub and looked down on Navy Pier. We can't wait to go to the Swissotel again!	
Feb 28 2006	Had a good time...	Prior to booking this hotel on Hotwire, I read some pretty bad reviews of it here first. I didn't experience any problems that people here complained about. I got it on Hotwire for $65, which is an absolute steal given its location. (off season, but still a steal. the retail rate was listed as about double). There are two reviews on the Hotwire site that make it obvious that it is most likely the Swissotel. One person says they got a lake view, the other says a river view. Very very few hotels (maybe 1 other) in Chicago have both a Lake and River view. We found the desk staff to be very friendly. We even asked and got a 2PM late check-out. She did say that their occupancy rate when we were there was 40%, which could explain why they weren't reluctant.The ammenities on Hotwiare at the time were listed as Tennis nearby, Spa, Pool, Restaraunt, etc.. There is no actual Spa, its just a service they make an appointment with and they come to the hotel--so the services are overpriced. The upstairs workout room looked nice, and the pool looked OK, though there was a maintenance guy reapplying some tiles to the wall while we contemplated swimming.The room itself was MUCH nicer than I thought it looked in the pictures. The furniture wasn't dingy, like others complained. And the bathroom was nice, with a seperate shower and decent sized tub (not jacuzzi, but a little larger than normal). Room service was efficient, average priced, and decent food. In room mini-bar was average priced as well. Bed and linens were very comfortable.Ignore anyone who complains the valet parking is expensive--they obviously haven't parked in downtown Chicago too much. The parking rates at the Swissotel are right on par with what they are anywhere else in downtown Chicago (in fact, some other hotels charge more).	
Feb 27 2006	Can get decent deals on a nice hotel	I booked this room on hotwire for about $130. The hotel was very nice, rooms were big, the pool/hot tub area was very nice, and the location was great and easy to get to. The only negative is the parking situation, which costs $40 for valet without many options. We parked in a public parking site nearby on Wacker and it only cost $14 for the night. I would recommend staying at this hotel if you get a chance.	
Jan 31 2006	A great value great location	We booked our weekend stay on Price-line with a $115/night rate. We stayed on the 33rd floor with wonderful views. It is true that the rooms have a little 'wear', but not to the point of being a problem. The bed was very comfortable, and room very quiet. The Swissotel is only two blocks from Michigan Ave, 2 blocks from Millenium Park and really an ideal location for most activities.	
Jan 30 2006 	Average far better places to stay	We stayed here for 2 nights, we thought we had booked in the Sofitel, which is great, but due to a mix up ended up here. First impressions are that the hotel is pretty tired and cold do with a refurb. Rooms are dated, our corner room's bathroom was shabby. When I discovered my door didn't stay shut (I noticed this on day 2) the engineer fixed the problem but then keys wouldn't function. Parking was expensive ($20+ for a couple of hours!), the concierge had gone home 7pm on Saturday. The location was adequate but there are far better places for the money. Can't recommend this I'm afraid.	
Jan 24 2006	Great Hotel Very Friendly Staff	I stayed at the Swissotel with four friends for one night on a weekend trip to Chicago. We got a great deal on Hotwire, so the value for what we paid was incredible. At check-in, the front desk staff member wasn't overly friendly, but certainly wasn't rude. We were greeted each time we entered and left, and always offered a cab if needed. The room was a little small for the furnishings, but the view was incredible and the beds were exceptionally comfortable. I ordered room service late on Saturday night, and the gentlemen who brought it up was one of the most pleasant people I encountered in Chicago! He was swift, polite, and extremely well-mannered. I didn't order anything fancy (pizza &amp; beer!), but the beer was cold and the pizza was decent. The hotel is located a few blocks out of the way of Michigan Avenue and the nearest train station, but it was located right on the water, which offered some incredible views of Lake Michigan and the canal. If you're not a fan of walking, plan on taking the cab or find somewhere else to stay. Otherwise, I highly recommend the Swissotel! I didn't mind the walk at all, though, since I was too busy being enamored by the city!	
Jan 2 2006	Great deal on Priceline	My husband and I decided on a spontaneous overnight during the holiday break so we pricelined a hotel and ended up at the Swissotel. We've used priceline for almost every trip to Chicago and I would say that the Swissotel is in line with the quality of the other hotels we've stayed in. For $65.00 a night it was a great deal. The hotel has a good location and a great view of the river. The best feature of the hotel however, in my opinion, is its beds. They were really comfortable. Priceline describes the hotel as 4 star - I'd give it 3 stars due to the fact that it is starting to show some age. The bathroom and the furniture in our room could have used some attention. Overall it is a nice hotel, especially if you can get a good deal.	
Jan 1 2006	A 'secret' hotel that might surprise you	I stayed in the hotel for four nights, and truly enjoyed my time. Although my key card always malfunctioned ( problem they promised they were addressing) the service was top notch.It is off the beaten path somewhat, but only a five minute walk to Michigan Avenue and Wacker. It is about a eight minute walk to the L at State and Lake. Not terrible. Great location to the business downtown area and the banks.---Would suggest for business travel or leisure travel looking for some a great quiet hotel.--- Very nice pool and fitness center (great locker rooms)--- Great onsite restaurant--- Elevators were NOT slow as suggested--- Billing for parking is expensive!!!--- Be aware of the fridge – they charge you for looking at the items (if you move a product, you are charged…although they took it off my bill, it was the one time the staff was cranky)Will plan to stay there in future visits to city.	
Nov 27 2005 	Awful place	When I arrived after midnight, having confirmed my reservation twice (including just a few hours before, when I'll called from the airport upon finding that my flight had been delayed), they told me that they had overbooked and that I now had no room, so they were sending me to a comparable hotel nearby. They sent me across town to an awful, noisy, foul place. The next morning they refused my request for a written record to use in regard to related charges; they also lied to me, to the group that had organized the meeting, etc., about what had happened. Folks attending the meeting who had stayed there reported various problems, so I'm not sure I missed out on anything other than sleep.	
Nov 24 2005	Swissotel Was Awesome	We stayed at the swissotel for our 25th anniversary. We got a corner room with both a lake and city view. The room was very clean and spacious. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. We asked for late checkout, and was told no problem. If you bring your car, park in millinum parking it is just 2 blocks away. The cost there is $14.00 compared to the swissotel which is $41.00.	
Nov 6 2005	Very nice	The Swissotel Chicago is an excellent hotel. Got a room on Hotwire for $136 + taxes (total $160). Usually all I care about in a hotel is the bed, and their bed was one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in a hotel. The room was big and the bath and shower were separate. Its in a great location, right next to Millenium Park. I would always park at the Millenium parking garage, where its $16 / day, compared to $41/day for the valet parking. Had some friends at the Hyatt, which is right next to the Swissotel and they had to wait 45 minutes to get their car out of the valet.	
Sep 23 2005	Overrated!!!	My husband and I travel quite a bit and just returned home from a Chicago vacation. We loved the city but were not impressed with the Swissotel at all. The employees were very rude to us and did not care if we were treated with respect or not. Upon arrival to our room we found that our TV was not properly working and would begin making an awful noise after being on a channel for 3-4 minutes. I called to request someone look at the TV and replace it or allow us to move to another room. I was told an &quot;engineer&quot; would be up to look at it but no one ever showed up. Needless to say we spent 4 days with a bad TV that was annoying to say the least. The room was okay but I have stayed in much nicer for much less money. The package advertised free internet access and we found they offer internet access for $9.95/day! I also read in the welcome book that local calls were free and we were charged for the 2 LOCAL calls we made when we checked out! All in all, I think this hotel is HIGHLY overrated and there were much nicer hotels with more to offer for less money all over downtown Chicago. If you're looking for a nice, plush place to stay, keep looking and spend your money elsewhere.	
Sep 14 2005	Swissotel - A Great place to stay.	After reading alot of hotel reviews on Tripsaver, my wife and I liked what most people had to say about the Swissotel. So we booked a three night stay for the first week in Sept. We were not disappointed. From the beautiful lobby, to the freindly staff, to the spacious room, we were impressed. The view from our room was spectacular. It overlooked the river, the lake and Navy Pier. We were in walking distance of most everything we wanted to see. Millenium park [loved the bean], Mag mile, Rush and State streets, and Navy Pier [you have to have lunch at Bubba Gumps]. We also had dinner one night at the Palms in the Swissotel. The food was excellent. We plan on coming back to Chicago during the Christmas season to do some shopping and see all the decorations, and yes, we will stay at the Swissotel. What a GREAT city!!!!!!	
Sep 11 2005	Swissotel package was a fine value	We spent last weekend at the Swissotel and were delighted with the service, the views and the amenities. We purchased a package which included wine and cheese upon arrival, two breakfast buffets for the next morning, and a reduced price for parking. The wine and cheese tray was outstanding. It included a very nice variety of fruit and cheeses including Brie, and it even had dried apricots and carmelized walnuts. Our room was spacious and included two comfortable swivel desk chairs, in addition to the easy chair with ottoman. After returning from the pool and spa on the 42nd floor, we moved the desk chairs in front of our window, put our feet up on the ledge, and enjoyed the Navy Pier fireworks display from the comfort of our room. The maid who had provided turn-down service had also turned on the radio, so &quot;Take Five&quot; accompanied the fireworks. It was GREAT! The next morning we were extremely pleased with the variety and quality of the breakfast buffet. After breakfast we walked the two blocks to Millenium Park. The total cost for the package with tax and parking was $265. We thought it was a wonderful value, and we intend to return.	
Sep 9 2005	Swissotel was Awesome!	Beautiful Hotel right on the water. The late night walks cant be beat. Very close to everything. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Will be going back and staying here.	
Sep 8 2005	A Winner Once Again	This is the second time in 2yrs I have stayed here, first trip as a lone female and I returned home yesterday having spent a week with my 80yr old wheelchairbound Mother in this delightful spot.The hotel staff were great, always on hand to help. The wheelchair accessible room was excellent with terrific views over the lake. The weather was mid to upper 80's for the whole week but I love Chicago any time of year. We stayed in another downtown hotel in May of this year, but the Swiss wins!!! The room was spacious and very very clean. Even on busy Labor Day weekend, there was always room in the elevators and lobby. I will certainly be returning.....with or without MOM	
Sep 7 2005 	Home away from home	Have stayed here at least 8-10 times in the last 5 years. One of our favorite city hotels. Great views, bathrooms (2 in the executive suites), and room service. Never had a problem with any service personnel.About 2000 paces to the stores on the magnificent mile, but the quality of the hotel makes the slightly longer walk more than acceptable. word to the wise--avoid the rooms ending with 11.The headboards back up to the high speed elevator shafts and you here whizzing all night.	
Sep 1 2005	Good VISTA + 10-15 min walk to Magnificent Mile	I liked its location. To know the city it is best to look over the city once or twice while visiting. And, I recommend this to the tourists although the setting is to impress the business travelers equally.I remember the staff were friendly to us during our visit. The room was not 100% clean but it was acceptable and I did not complain as the view from the room just compensated all other minor problmes I might have overlooked.Chicago is a Windy City and you will definitely feel IT while you get in/out of the hotel- it is a bit of walk to the loop trains or closest bus stop will be still 5 min walk. chilling!The location is good as it was close to the Millenium Park and there is one huge construction going on next to the hotel but it did not bother us at all as there was no big noise/dust coming from it. As Swissotel say in their website, this will be their best rated hotel and it did not disappoint me at all. So, my verdict is 5 out of 5.	
Aug 18 2005	Loved the Swissotel	My husband and I just stayed at the Swissotel for 2 nights. We got it for $100 a night off of Hotwire and they put us on the 20th floor with a great view. Check-in and check-out were very easy. The parking is expensive at $40 a night, so we took the advise from people on the Chicago forum and parked at the Millenium Park garage for only $20 a night. It was only a 5 minute walk away. Michigan Ave. is very close and Navy Pier is a 15 min. walk away or a $6 cab ride for 2 people.  The pool and hottub on the 42nd floor was awesome! Such a great view and very relaxing after a long day of walking. It closes already at 9pm though.  The bathroom was very impressive with marble tile and separate shower and bathtub.  Overall, a very good stay! We would definitely recommend the Swissotel!	
Aug 15 2005	Very Satisfied With Our Stay	My wife and I recently spent a night at this hotel after booking a room through Priceline. We were a little nervous after reading some of the reviews regarding the attitude of the staff, especially since we booked the room through a discount site. Our worries were put to rest the minute we pulled up to the front of the hotel and turned our car over to the valet. The service we experienced was top notch and everyone was extremely pleasant. Check-in and check-out were both very quick and painless. We had a room on the 9th floor and had partial view of the lake. The room was very clean and the bed was very comfortable. After the initial booking through Priceline I called and requested a king, non-smoking room and they were more than willing to give that to us.The location of this hotel was very close to shopping on Michigan Ave and was a short walk to Navy Pier. We will definately stay here again and would recommend this hotel to others.	
Aug 11 2005 	Very comfortable - great stay	Just spent 2 nights at the Swissotel in Chicago on a business trip. The room was big, clean and had a great view of Navy Pier. The bed was just perfect. I slept well on both nights.The Palms restaurant in the hotel is one of the top rated steak houses in Chicago. I ate their last night and the food and service were top noch.The only negative thing I can say about the hotel is the lobby smelt like a bad ashtray. On the other hand the room was fine and had no such problems.	
Aug 4 2005	Great hotel wonderful experience	While reading other reviews, I see that which room you stay in makes all the difference. Unfortunately, I cannot remember the room I stayed in though I think it was around the 8th floor and overlooked the water.I had a great experience here from the quality of the lobby, to the quality of the room, to the view, to the room service, to the food. The restaurant we ate from was the Palm, in the hotel, and is very well known for its high quality. I was not disappointed. There was some delay in receiving our order but they made up for it by delivering a dessert for free. I thought the bathroom particularly well-appointed, clean and roomy. It was worth the money.	
Aug 3 2005 	Good Choice!	I stayed in Swissotel-Chicago for five nights in July of 2005 due to an international conference in Chicago. I stayed with a special rate in Swiss ($ 179 per night before tax - only accommodation). Some conference participants stayed in Fairmoth and some others stayed in Hyatt Hotel. Swiss and Hyatt have great locations and very near to Madison Avenue, stations of city bus tours and boat rides (for canal). Hyatt Hotel seemed to me like a “human factory” due to massive conference groups. Most of the time, I found myself in the river of the crowds in Hyatt. In this matter, Swiss seemed to me much better. Even if it is not completely immune!On the positive side, my room was very spacious partly with canal view. (seeing partly another building) Well maintained room: with working table, big TV, large closet, iron set. The bathroom was spacious, large marbles with a big shower section. Housekeeping was wonderful. Elevators are very quick.On the negative side, I was disappointed with the breakfast section. It seemed to me pretty small for such a big hotel. Very crowded. So I went out for the breakfast after the first try. In terms of concierge in Swissotel, do not expect too much! Frankly Hyatt’s concierge seemed to me more efficient and helpful. Referring to the Reception, some guys seemed to me helpful. However, I requested a wake-up call for a very early flight to New York, but they somehow forgot to set this wake-up call. Therefore, when you need a wake-up call, set your own mobile phone alarm as I did just to be on the safe side! Madison Avenue is beautiful. We tried Grand Luxury Café. Very good ambience. What a city. I definitely put Chicago to my favorite cities in US, together with NY and San Francisco. Overall, I am very pleased with my stay in Swissotel in Chicago. And I would not hesitate to recommend it to my friends in my circle. When I booked Swissotel-Chicago, I relied on the positive comments from other tripadvisor users. Thanks for all your feedback and comments.	
Jul 28 2005	Very Nice Hotel	We booked our hotel/airfare package with United Airlines. We got a great price on our hotel and airfare, so this left me suspicious of our hotel accommodations. We were very pleased with the hotel! Our room had a nice view, not the best, but it was nice! The only real complaint was that we had a room by the elevator, but that even was NOT loud! Our room was clean and well kept! I was concerned that the hotel staff would not be KID friendly, but they were all great! They brought up an extra robe for our child upon request and when the ice machine was broke on the surrounding floors around us, the hotel staff went and got our ice for us! The night prior to our departure my husband called to find the business center to print our boarding passes, but they were closed for the day. The staff who answered the phone was happy to hang around so that he could complete his business. Overall, our stay was pleasant and I would consider staying there again.	
Jul 23 2005	Swissotel Chicago - A Big Disappointment	With the exception of the hotels location it was otherwise a huge disappointment ! I booked through Alpharooms as it was less expensive than booking with the hotel directly (although it was by no means cheap – around $180 per nights for a twin room) but what I didn’t realise is that I would be treated as an inferior guest. I felt like a second class citizen.I e-mailed the hotel about 5 weeks before I was due to arrive – requesting that they confirm the reservation and asking them to note my request for a room on as high a floor as possible. (the hotel has over 40 floors). They didn’t bother to reply to my e-mail. When I checked in on arrival a rather frosty-faced receptionist whose English seemed limited (although this may just have been due to her extremely formal manner) told me that the highest floor she could offer was the 10th. There was no mention that they had received my e-mail requesting a high floor “but regretted that non were available” nor was there an explanation of their policy (as I later found out) that the higher floors were reserved for their frequent guests or for those who had paid a higher room rate.The room I had been allocated had been adequately made up but was far from clean - I could write my name in the dust on the shelf above the bed. I phoned down and explained this to the reception and told them the room was unacceptable as it was. They didn’t seem particularly interested in my complaint but merely sent a key up for another room which was on an even lower floor.Two evenings later I had to get dressed to go down to the bar as they had not bothered to restock my minibar – again when I mentioned it to reception they didn’t seem interested.The final straw was that the day before leaving I returned to my room one afternoon to find that someone had been in and left a part used packet of cigarettes there. I mentioned this to the reception by phone and again as I was going out later that evening but again they didn’t seem interested. The cigarettes I assume (and hope!) were left by the maid (although it was a non-smoking floor). The worst senario is that an unknown person had been in my room whilst I was out. The hotel didn’t seem interested so I will never know.I certainly would not recommend this hotel and if this is the typical standard of Swissotels then I would not consider staying in one again.	
Jul 14 2005 	Send it back to Switzerland	The location is good. The hotel can use some updating worn carpets, bathroom tiles, etc.. The staff is quite unfriendly and unaccomodating.You will get nickel and dimed in this place for every little thing. The hotel's motto is experience some &quot;Swiss Hospitality&quot; if that's the case I will never visit Switzerland.	
Jun 18 2005	The BEST hotel yet!	This was our third trip to Chicago this year (we LOVE the city!) - every time we stay at a different downtown hotel. Swissotel was definitely our favourite. When we come back in July to see the play &quot; Wicked&quot; for the second time, we will be again at Swissotel. No more need to try other hotels! The location is good because it is between the financial district and the Magnificent Mile. The room was spotless and quiet, the view amazing and those elevators were so fast. Comfortable beds, friendly service, not as many noisy sirens! We even watched the Navy Pier fireworks from our bed! This was the best anniversary ever. We would recommend Swissotel to everyone!	
Jun 15 2005	Great Views!	Rooms were clean, good sized and great views of Navy Pier. Large bathroom with seperate shower and bath. Newspaper left outside door in the morning. They also have an indoor pool and weight room on 42nd fl.Check-in was quick. I arrived early and was able to check in at 10 AM too!I only ate breakfast in the hotel. They have a buffett that is nothing special.Service was adequate. They do cater to European guests. Concierge helpful with directions and trains. 10-15 min walk to trains and Michigan Ave shops.One thing to take advantage of if you are flying out of Chicago is to have the front desk print out your boarding passes. SouthWest only allows you to print boarding passes after 12:01 AM the day of your flight, so if you don't have a laptop and a portable printer, you may be looking at 30-45+ min wait at the airport to check in! They were extremely helpful and had it ready for me as I checked out.	
Jun 14 2005	Excellent Hotel	We booked this hotel very last minute, by looking up the Yellow Pages in Chicago. We were given a beautiful room over looking the river. The staff at the front desk were very helpful and friendly and couldn't have done more for us. The rooms were very clean and spacious. The hotel is very central, within walking distance of all the major attractions in Chicago and I would definatly recommend this hotel for anyone to stay in.	
Jun 12 2005	Unexpected snotty service	While the rooms are quite nice, I was dismayed by the snotty service I received at the Swissotel in Chicago. I was there for five nights, attending a conference, and was staying at a different hotel than my boss, who had the business' credit card. When I attempted to check in, I stated that I wished to drop off my luggage in the room and to freshen up, and that I could provide the credit card used to reserve the room in an hour, when my boss would be there for us to go to dinner. I didn't want a hold placed on one of my personal cards.At first, they were not going to allow me to check in. They didn't give me any option either. I persisted, and ended up having to give the front desk one of my personal checks in order to receive the room key. I then realized they were going to place a hold on my account anyway, which was fine as I had the funds and was simply wanting to get checked in.Even though I had about $1500 in my account, there was an error with the hotel's communication with my bank. I was told that my check wasn't any good. As far as the hotel clerk was concerned, I could just walk away, have a seat (with all my luggage), and wait. I asked if I could use her phone to call my bank. When my bank informed me that I had the funds, I asked my bank representative to give this information to the clerk. She did so. When they ended their conversation, however, this clerk asked her manager (right in front of me !) how they could trust that it was indeed my bank that I'd called !! She said I could have just called some friend. I was flabbergasted. Thankfully, the manager permitted me to check in, and they held my check.An hour later, when my boss arrived for dinner, I produced the credit card and asked for my check back. I was told that the clerk who had assisted me was on dinner break and that I'd have to come back later. My boss took over the conversation and asked why that should matter. Ten minutes later, I had my check. So, while the rooms are very nice, I will never stay at a Swissotel again, in any city.	
Jun 12 2005	Great modern rooms	We stayed here for our wedding night because we wanted a lake or river view - we had to pay a little extra for that side of the hotel, but got a view of both. Room was large, and the sleek, modern bath was great, even with separate bath and shower. Bed was one of the nicest I've ever slept in (although I don't usually stay at this nice a hotel).	
Jun 6 2005	Great views otherwise disappointing	We stayed at Swissotel over Memorial Day Weekend. While our lakeview room was spectacular (overlooking the Chicago River where it meets Lake Michigan and Navy Pier) I was very disappointed with the room and the service at this hotel. Furniture in room was beat up, a handle missing from a dresser drawer, a picture in the bathroom with mold growing on the mat inside the frame, desk phone not working...I could go on, but those were some of the problems we encountered. I also hated that there were no fitted sheets - woke up each morning sleeping right on the mattress as the sheets had come loose. As for service issues, the concierge gave us erroneous info about the Navy Pier trolley; the maid failed to replace toiletries and towels, despite a $3 tip that had been left (I normally tip $1-2 per day and wait until the day we leave to tip the maid, but I decided to try something different this time since we were at a 4* hotel.) We had a voucher for a breakfast buffet that included tax &amp; gratuity, but still left a $5 tip for the waiter; when we returned the next day, he put us in the back of the restaurant and pretty much forgot about us; we removed our own dirty dishes and I finally got a refill on my coffee after asking another waiter (while our waiter doted on a party of 8 without vouchers that was seated after us - they were immediately greeted with a thermal carafe of coffee while my cup sat empty....) Needless to say, we didn't tip him the second day. I should note that we had booked a &quot;bed &amp; breakfast&quot; special that had been promoted on Travelzoo - while the value was very good for a downtown hotel especially given the added breakfast, I didn't feel like I truly experienced a 4* hotel (despite my best efforts to be an appreciative guest.) Yes, the room view was teriffic, but I paid extra for a lake view room. I would probably stay here again if I found a similar deal. All in all, I feel like this hotel has 4* potential, but is probably in need of a renovation and some intense customer service training for its staff. I honestly expected more from a hotel of this caliber (and left wondering if I had been treated differently because of the price I paid.)	
Jun 1 2005	Can't beat the views!	Stayed at Swissotel for Memorial Day weekend and couldn't have enjoyed it more! Without question, the main draw is a fantastic view of the river and lake. Had a north corner deluxe room with a view of Wrigley Building and Michigan Avenue out one side and a panorama of the lakefront from Navy Pier to the Chicago River and Lake Shore Drive on the other, including the bathroom windows. There is no better view in Chicago!Staff was courteous without being &quot;over the top&quot; and was responsive to all requests. Lack of a room safe was noted, but safe deposit boxes at front desk are easy to use.The only negative would be that beds are sufficient but not exceptional. If you're looking for beds like the W or Westin, Swissotel doesn't have it. Then again, the rooms are much larger and the view more than makes up for it.Good location with an easy walk to Michigan Ave and an El stop about 5 blocks away. You can't go wrong here!	
May 31 2005	Swissotel was incredible!!	The best service!!! The staff here was incredible. You never had to lift a finger. The room was huge as hotel rooms go. The view was phenomenal. Location great. What a great weekend. We did stop for a drink at the Palm Restaurant and unfortunately, it closes at 11 p.m. Too bad!!! The Lobby Lounge is open later but drinks costs twice as much as the bar at the Palm.	
May 17 2005	Fantastic views	We stayed in the Swissotel for a weekend getaway and loved the experience. We had a standard room which was larger than I expected. There was a comfortable lounge chair and desk with two chairs which could double as a small dining table. The bath was marble with both a shower and a tub. The view from our room was fantastic. We could see all the way down Lake Shore drive to the Aquarium.The staff was very friendly and helpful. One nice feature is the lounge bar which also functions as a small coffee bar.A great experience.	
May 13 2005	a great location	We have been for the first time in Chicago and stayed in the Swissotel for five nights,a wonderful place.Room was on the 29th floor,absolutely clean and nice and a breathtaking lakeview.Breakfast perfect and service really good.People were always helpful.It's a little bit far from Magnificent mile and the loop,but in front of the hotel there are buses (number6)waiting there next turn,not a real bus stop,but drivers are frindly and you can get on the bus.Next time going to Chicago we will again stay in the Swissotel.	
May 2 2005	loved our stay at the swissotel....beware the parking garage	My husband and I just stayed at the Swissotel for the first time April 29th 2005 for 1 night. Beautiful hotel with great service and location. We live in the suburbs and drove to the city for our stay. Parking is expensive at $34.00 per night..that would'nt have been so bad but after leaving the hotel and driving a short distance we realized our full tank of gas had been siphoned. We called the hotel and learned that anyone can get into the parking garage...that there isnt an attendent on duty. They took some information from us but we never got the feeling that anything was going to be done as far as compensation. Beware if you park your car there.	
Apr 28 2005 	Classy interesting and sharp hotel	Stayed here on business a few nights and really liked it. Very attractive, classy and comfortable hotel that's got an element of sexy and sharp. Public spaces are very nice, with an open area bar in the front lobby and nice sitting areas. Rooms are lovely as well, with handsome fixtures and furniture, a terrific desk work space and comfortable bed. Bathroom amenities and fixtures are sleek and attractive as well. Best of all, the hotel has breathtaking views of the city and the water - both the river and the lake. If you're working in the area, it's the best choice for that part of town, and I prefer it to the nearby Hyatt and Monaco.	
Apr 28 2005	Luxury for less in the heart of the Windy City!	I've scored this 4-star beauty on Hotwire for $100 a night on two different occasions. The location is PERFECT for exploring the Magnificent Mile area up and down Michigan Avenue. We walked to dinner one night and down to the Hancock Tower one morning. You can also walk to the Navy Pier and you have great views of either the downtown skyline or Lake Michigan, depending on which side of the triangular building your room is on. Rooms were very comfortable and spacious with nice furniture, comfy bed, luxurious bathroom, great TV, etc. This is definitely a 4 star if not a 4 and a halfer.As you might guess, parking is expensive, but I parked my rental car at the meters on Wacker drive because we came in in the evening and the street parking was free after 6pm. The next morning I filled the meter's while we lounged around the hotel before leaving for the day.Hotwire lists this hotel as a 4 star on Wacker drive and the Hyatt, which is next store, is also often available thru Hotwire. Both are great deals for being in the heart of one of America's coolest cities.	
Apr 26 2005	Great corner room view but parking/executive lounge prices a rip-off	This was our 3rd or 4th stay at the Swissotel, and we always stay in a deluxe king, corner room for the wonderful, panoramic views of the river, Navy Pier, and the lake. The skyline is gorgeous. The location does require a little bit more walking to get to the Mag Mile, etc., but we didn't mind the exercise at all.  As a VISA platinum member, I qualified for a room upgrade (but we didn't need it since a king corner room is lovely enough), free breakfast each day, and late check-out at 3 p.m. I had to show the desk clerk a print-out of their own website in order to get the free breakfast and late check-out. He seemed confused about the hotel's own offers. I was hoping that since we didn't get a room upgrade, that we'd be allowed access to the executive lounge, but no go - they wanted an additional $75 *per night* for that. We felt it absurd to pay that much to have a glass of wine or two and a few cheese cubes, so we declined that lovely offer. We have used the executive lounge in past stays, but it was built into our room rate deal. I guess the $75 charge is to weed out the riff-raff out or something. The staff up there does tend to treat guests like recent parolees who might be about to commit new crimes or somehow misbehave. Chilly.  The room was beautiful, spacious and very quiet. The brunch was average. We also ate dinner in the Palm Restaurant, and it was fine but nothing to write home about.  We foolishly paid the rapacious $39/day parking charges. If we return, we will park in the Millennium parking garage. But I think we're ready to try someplace new and use the $ we save on shopping and dining!!	
Apr 6 2005	Great Find	I loved it here! My boyfriend and I booked this hotel online and were a little worried what it would be like since we paid next to nothing for our 3 nights here. (I've paid more to stay at the Santa Barbara Motel 6!!) Gorgeous hotel, great staff, fun bar/lounge area and we were most impressed with the room. The large windows in the bathroom were the best--I took a bubble bath one night while looking at the views of Navy Pier and the skyline. I remember thinking, &quot;This is really living...&quot; The room was comfortable and quiet, again with great views just like in the bathroom. Chicago is a wonderful town--I have nothing but good things to say about it. CAn't wait to come back!	
Mar 24 2005	pretty great	Got an unbelievably great rate on this hotel on Hotwire.com. Cost me more to park my car in their garage overnight than to stay there. Room was terrifically comfortable, quiet, and spacious. Great view of Lake Michigan. Terrific towels, toiletries, bathroom. Highly recommended.	
Mar 22 2005	Great Price on Priceline!!	We recently went to Chicago for St. Patrick's Day with some friends. I took a gamble and booked through Priceline for a 4 star hotel and I got the Swissotel for $99. We just had a short walk down Wacker to Michigan Ave., which was perfect. The hotel was very nice, great bathroom, comfy bed, etc. We were basically next to the Hyatt, which has a spectacular bar.	
Mar 17 2005 	Service needs improvement	This is a great hotel with no customer service focus. It amazes me that a hotel of this caliber does not understand customer service. I was asked to leave the health club at closing time -- something no other hotel I have ever stayed at has done. It didn't matter to the attendant that I was in the middle of my treadmill run. (Most hotels I've stayed at allow guests to be in the health club at any hour although an attendant is not always available.) Also, room service told me that I could not order scrambled eggs because it was after 11 AM. Yes, this is a stated policy however I've never stayed at another hotel that won't serve such a simple dish at any hour since it is not a big deal to do so. Very disappointing from a service perspective. The hotel is advertised to have multiple restaurants, but that was not the case either -- other than room service the only option for dinner is The Palms restaurant which is very overpriced for the quality of the food. On the plus side, the room was a nice size, the hotel was relatively quiet, the bed was of excellent quality and the view of the lake is outstanding. Just don't ask anyone to provide you with outstanding service!	
Mar 8 2005	Nice hotel but overpriced	I stayed at the Swissotel March 5th, 2005. It was very nice and had a great view of the lake and the Chicago River. The room was not huge and needed a little updating. I expected a little more for such an expensive hotel. As with all downtown hotels, you pay a lot of money and get very little in return. Everyone has their hand out for a tip for any little thing they do. My biggest complaint is that their parking was $37 per night and the guys who get your car want a tip for taking your car, and for bringing it back to you. We went to nearby Navy Pier and the parking was a flat $22. So for less than a 24 hour period I paid $59 to park plus tips. It's not worth it.	
Mar 1 2005	Excellent hotel	Stayed here for one night in February, 2005. The hotel is situated in a business-y area w/ many other hotels, although Magnificent Mile is w/in easy walk (maybe a 5 minute walk away). However, there's not much for nightlife other than the hotel restaraunts and bars very close by, although we walked to an area w/ plenty of bars (about a 20 minute walk, and only a $5 cab ride back). The room was very nice, very clean. The bathroom was also very nice and very clean. The hotel was very quiet. Overall, I was extremely pleased. We got a great deal on Hotwire (only $105 per night) - I think a hotel like this would easily be $300 per night in NYC or Boston.	
Feb 28 2005	Excellent room	I loved the room we had. 34th floor...very comfortable bed, beautiful bathroom and spotlessly clean. It was also extremely quiet despite full capacity. And because of this, check out was between noon and 2pm so it was great to be able to relax and take our time.My only disappointment was with the person who checked us in. He was extremely rude. We misunderstood one of his questions and he came just short of rolling his eyes. I could not believe it. Left me speechless to be honest. He is the reason I am rating the stay average. Otherwise everything else was excellent.	
Dec 21 2004	Fantastic Views	The Swissotel is one of the tallest hotels in Chicago, and it provides fantastic views of the city, the lake, and Navy Pier. It's located right on the Chicago River (directly south of the river) at the east end near the lake. It's over 40 floors, glass exterior, with a triangular shape. A large oversized revolving door serves as the entrance way to the lobby, which is quite large and impressive. There's a nice-sized gift shop with everything from magazines to drinks and chocolates, pretty much your standard convenience store. There's an escalator that goes into the basement where you'll find a nice upscale restaurant and a long walkway/concourse that leads to an underground mini-mall, with a grocery store, fast-food restaurants, barber shop etc. Back to the lobby..the staff is very professional and friendly and they go out of their way to make your stay comfortable. We were really impressed with how smooth check-in went and how helpful the clerk was. Each floor's elevator lobby has huge windows overlooking the lake and Navy Pier, and you can take a look at the spectacular view right there before you head to your room. There's also an indoor pool, large excercize room, and spacious men's and women's locker rooms on the top floor with floor-to-ceiling windows all around you. The views up there are incredible; there's really no other hotel in Chicago with better views. The rooms are not all that big. They seem spacious and well-appointed, and the fact that the entire wall was a window definitely made up for the fact that the room was on the small side. Beds were very comfortable, and the bathroom was spotless and beautifully designed. The only downside of this hotel is its location. The location itself (near Navy Pier and the lake) isn't a problem, but if you don't have a car, you'll be doing a lot of walking since the hotel is located at the end of an upper-level street that just drops off..you'll have to do a lot of walking around and over bridges. (On a side note, at the end of the street where it drops off, the road loops around and serves as a curb-side parking lot with meters..a quarter for 15 min. but it's free on Sundays, so if you're lucky enough to find a space on Sunday, it's free and convenient!) It's about a 15-minute walk to Navy Pier, and a couple blocks east of Michigan Ave, and there is no public transportation or El stop nearby. Nearest El stop is on the corner of State and Lake which is another 15-minute walk. Again, the location is fine if you plan on walking a lot or don't mind taking taxis everywhere, but there are many hotels along Michigan Avenue or State Street or right next to an El stop. It's a little away from the action, but the views are fantastic.	
Dec 15 2004	Clean comfortable and friendly	My mom and I stayed at The Swissotel in October of this year and had a great experience there. I searched this sight long and hard for a good place to stay in Chicago and was not disappointed! I normally don't stay at places this pricey due to budgetary constraints, but got a good deal at the hotel's web site. The room was clean, our beds (with down pillows and duvets) were comfortble, and the staff was friendly and helpful - everyone from the bellmen to the concierge to the business-center staff. Additionally, the view from our room (Chicago River, Lake Michigan, and Navy Pier) was excellent despite the construction going on outside the building. My reason for not giving this hotel an &quot;Excllent&quot; review is its' location. While the location is not bad, it's on the south shore of the Chicago River, meaning it's a few block walk or cab ride from the main shopping/sightseeing district on Michigan Avenue. I would stay at this hotel again.	
Dec 13 2004 	NOT BAD!	I was somewhat nervous about this selection for lodging after Hotwire ( $ 103./night) handed it to me because I was not familar with this hotel. Guess what? VERY GOOD, AND BETTER YET, FOR THIS PRICE IT IS A STEAL. A great view, no hassle checkin/out. Excellent housekeeping.	
Dec 12 2004	Wow.	Great View, Very very comfortable bed. We stayed their only on night and then moved to Lennox Suites (which sucked in comparison). I really did not have to deal with the staff too much, we asked for extra pillows and towels and they were brought right away, and check-in was easy.	
Dec 8 2004	~I wouldn't stay anywhere else~	My husband and I regularly stay here for our anniversary which always falls on the weekend of the 4th and during the Taste of Chicago. I have always used Quickbook and book the Executive floor with a king bed- non smoking, floors 32 and above. I have never had to request a lakeview, and have always gotten one with a great view. In fact we have always gotten the rooms with a view of the fireworks! . We both take advantage of the free self serve bar (wine and liquor, mixed drinks) and comp hot and cold hourderves, cordial and desert hour on the weekends, and great breakfast nibbles (incl smoked salmon, trout, and cheeses and real squeezed juices) in the executive lounge- all comes with the executive level booking. I woudn't pass up spending the extra on the E level, if you take advantage of the perks it more than makes up for the cost. The free health club with the saunas and full window showers overlooking the river are wonderful after a long day walking around Chicago. The museums are a decent walk, and if you get tired they do have free trolley, and the busses are cheap and come by every 15min! Location can't be beat, close to major attractions, easy cab ride to ones farther away. The rooms are spacious and I've never had any problems with noise- they are much quieter than other hotels I've been at. The bathroom is something I want in my house! All in all this is the place to stay!	
Nov 25 2004	Good deal	I was able to get a room on the 32d floor with a fantastic southeast view of the Drive, Field Museum, and parts of Millenium Park. All this for $99 through Quikbook. Service was friendly and courteous. The room was clean and large including a big stuffed chair, a desk, two desk chairs, good sized closet, and dresser. The bathroom was also large: bath and shower, all nicely tiled. It is not a four star hotel. I don't know what full fare is at this hotel, but there is a deal available and you can get above the 20th floor, it's a great hotel for 99 bucks.	
Nov 18 2004	Noisy Swissotel rooms	A 3-star hotel with 4-star aspirations. I booked through Hotels.com and got a nice view room on the 31st floor. Problem was, from 5 am until 10 am, whenever an adjacent room turned on their plumbing, I heard loud knocking (read &quot;wake you up&quot; loud). When I complained to the front desk manager, he condescendingly explained that all hotels had noisy plumbing. WTF!Got moved to another room. Won't be coming back here. Also, a longer walk to the Mag Mile shops than I had thought.	
Nov 15 2004	Great Hotel!	My husband and I booked this Hotel through Hotwire without knowing what hotel we were getting and were just a little nervous. We were pleasantly surprised! The location great and a short walk to Michigan Ave. The room was clean and stocked with toiletries and plenty of towels. They even provide an umbrella for your use. The beds were cozy with a down comforter and pillows. There is even an extra comforter and blanket in the closet. We were on the 23rd floor and had a great view of the navy pier. My only complaint would be that they elevators are slow and we had to wait a while at times. Otherwise it was a wonderful experience.	
Nov 11 2004	Great View but that was about it...	The Good:Great location. Stayed on the 34th floor facing the lake, river, and Navy Pier. Wonderful view, especially on Saturday night when the pier had fireworks.The Bad:CONSTANT elevator noiseLoose carpetingShower leaked all over floorHigh pitched tone from air conditioner (maddening!)Staff not very helpful or friendlyOverall, a so-so experience; will not stay there again.	
Oct 11 2004	Perfect	I recently stayed at this hotel with my family (10-1 / 10-3). We had a terrific experience. I landed the hotel through Priceline for $80 per night and paid an additional $75 per night for a suite on the 41st floor. My two young boys loved it as the view was unbelieveable and the pool on the 42nd floor was easily accessible. I found all the employees that we interfaced with to be very friendly and accommodating. I would love to stay here again.	
Oct 8 2004	Nice hotel	I've stayed here in Feb. '03 and my first impression of the hotel was that it had a nice lobby. When we went into our rooms, everything was cozy. We had a great view of Lake Erie. The front desk was very helpful in getting whatever we needed. The cleaning staff was superb and everything was accessible. The hotel is located near the Loop even though you would have to walk about 3 blocks to get to that area. But aside from that, i would defly come back to the hotel.	
Oct 6 2004	Horrible experience	I had heard of Swissotel and had the impression that it was a high quality hotel. Unfortunately, for my family and I that just was not the case. My family and I recently stayed in the Chicago hotel, (9/4 - 9/7) and I was so completely disappointed in both the room and the service that not only will I never stay in one of their facilities again, but I will certainly encourage all of my friends and family to do the same. I was lucky to have come across a wonderful promotion through QuikBook that offered both a discounted rate as well as a Breakfast Buffet for any attendees between August and the end of September. So, I booked our trip and my family and I were very excited about our trip. When we arrived the person who checked us in said that he had no record of our complimentary Breakfast Buffet, and after showing him my confirmation from QuikBook he said that he would have someone bring the certificates to our room later. I also inquired about the possibility of a corner room and a view of the water which I had requested with my reservation. The gentleman explained to me that since I had requested two double beds, no corner room offered that accommodation they only offered a single king size bed. I told him no problem and since he didn't mention the water view I assumed he had assigned that to me. When my family and I got to our room we were extremely disappointed to find that our view was over a very large dirt lot, (I believe the building next door had been torn down) and no water in sight. I called the front desk before we even set our suitcases down and asked if we could switch rooms. Basically, I was told that because I had booked through QuikBook I was getting the best room I could expect for the rate that I paid. I asked to speak to the manager on duty, (John Murdock) who told me that he could do nothing to help me, he reiterated again because I had booked through QuikBook that they would not accommodate me and if I didn't like it I could leave and he would not charge me a cancellation fee. I was shocked and scared!! At this point it was close to 2 pm and my first fear was that my family and I would be stranded in Chicago with no available rooms at a reputable hotel. I called QuikBook and was relieved to have been able to speak with a live person who immediately called the hotel to work everything out. Thank goodness someone was available at QuikBook, (but again had the manager been the least bit sympathetic or helpful, he could have accomplished the same thing!) Anyway, they ended up moving us to another room that did have a water view, but after we got settled in the room we realized that they had just pawned us off on a room with a view, yes, but with a multitude of other problems. Due to the location of our room we heard the elevator go up and down all hours of the day. There was no lid over the water reservoir on our coffee maker. The telephone on the desk did not work. The clock did not work. They locked us out of our room on the second day and did not clean our room until we got back at 6 pm. We requested additional towels and pillows and it was only after the third request that we got them. Honestly, I felt that because I had complained the manager was going out of his way to irritate us. You may be thinking that I am a difficult person because you don't know me or anything about me. But, I can tell you that this is the first time I have ever written a complaint letter and I have stayed in a variety of different hotels and have experienced all kinds of situations. We travel extensively and I can tell you that the scenario in Chicago could have been avoided had the manager taken any amount of time to use some form of customer service. The fact that another person out of the building could affect our situation shows that arrangements could have been made had the manager been so inclined. Our trip to Chicago was fabulous with the exception of our accommodations.	
Oct 5 2004	A wonderful stay	Got a great deal on Priceline for $79 a night. The views were amazing, the rooms were comfortable and the staff was always helpful whenever I had a question. Chicago is a walking city, but if you are not a walker I would suggest looking for something in the Mag Mile (although you'll probably pay more). We go to NYC a lot so we don't mind walking! Would definitely stay again!	
Oct 5 2004	Not as sharp as other Swissotels...	We were disappointed by the averageness of this Swissotel, especially in relation to its cost per night. Granted, our room had a KILLER VIEW of Lake Michigan and a very comfortable bed, but aside from that we weren't happy that each morning our &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign was slipped under our door between 9 to 10 a.m., followed shortly thereafter by a knock and a housekeeper telling us our sign wasn't out; the hotel's extremely limited cable service (only 12 channels); our housekeeper didn't refill/replace our shampoo or shower gel our entire stay, nor did she empty all of our trash bins at any one time; our room service on two occasions brought us cold/soggy--and very late--food; the lobby bar closes at 9 p.m. on Sunday; there's no weekend newspaper. Oh well--at least we had fun outside of the hotel!	
Oct 4 2004	Disappointing - This Hotel is Way Overpriced	I booked a room in the Swissotel for my boyfriend's birthday, requesting a lakeview room and expecting to stay in a nice room with an impressive view. You would think that when booking a room in a prestigious hotel such as the Swissotel, you'd get your money's worth. This is not so. I've stayed in cheap motels with better-looking decor than in this VERY PLAIN, VERY UNAPPEALING room. I am the kind who pays extra for that touch of stylish ambience, and I got none of that here. While I admit that the beds were very comfortable, the room was spacious, and the bathroom the biggest I've seen so far in my hotel-going experience; I was amazed at how utterly commonplace and practically ugly the furniture, carpeting, and wallpaper was. The lobby is particularly unimpressive too - especially the hideously outdated carpet. The other thing - the purportedly fantastic view is not that great. There was construction going on outside of the hotel while we stayed, so that was not a particularly enthralling sight - but even we weren't in the midst of construction, I don't think the view would be anything spectacular. Also, the toilet barely worked. It got rather disgusting, as we had problems flushing. I was expecting a wonderful stay at a great hotel, and what I got was an AVERAGE room in a clearly OVERPRICED hotel.	
Sep 27 2004	Excellent predictable	We had a very pleasant stay at the Swissotel. It is in an excellent location close to Navy Pier, Michigan Ave., and Millenium Park (all within easy walking distance). My wife and I felt very safe after dark walking from Navy Pier to the hotel. The bed was very comfortable, the room was quite large and quiet with a nice view. It is not an extravagant hotel such as the Ritz Carlton, but nonetheless very appealing.One tip: I did not want to pay the ridiculous $37 valet parking for 24 hours so I parked in the Millenium Park garage for $15.75 and had a nice 10 minute walk through the park to the hotel, but beware that the garage is underground and difficult to find.	
Sep 21 2004	A room with a view	Oustanding Swissotel in Chicago was everything we expected and more. The Hotel itself is in a perfect location, off the busy Michigan Ave. but only 2 blocks away. An easy quiet walk! The view from our window was fabulous! Looking over the new Millenium park and over to the lake. We even watched the fireworks at Navy pier from our window. I recommend this high class hotel with perfect service and will stay there again.	
Sep 8 2004	very pleasant surprise	Chicago is a frequent destination for us. We love walking and shopping on the Magnificent Mile. Our first experience at the Swisshotel was superb. The views are fabulous, the rooms clean and roomy. Service was european and elegant. The location is tops, particularly if you want go North to shop, or South to Millenium Park or the Loop. A great value in a luxury hotel. We'll choose it again.	
Sep 8 2004	Nice'otel	Nice hotel. Great service, nice view, nice room. It's off the Mag Mile by a few blocks and the street is very empty after dark. Other than that, it's great.	
Sep 4 2004	Loved the Swissotel!	We stayed at this hotel in July 2004. We loved it!! It was a gorgeous place...very clean...very acessible to everything in Chicago! The conciege was very helpful...as was all of the staff. The lounge right off the lobby had great cappicino and yummy appetizers. I would highly recommend this hotel. Our room was lovely, the beds were very comfy and the bedding was luxurious. Nice extras, robes and aromatherapy toliletries were among extras offered. I would stay here again!	
Aug 26 2004	Great Stay w/ Kids	We had a great stay at the Swissotel in August 2004. We took the kids and loved the location. We were able to easily walk to Navy Pier. We could also get to Michigan Ave. quickly where we could hop on a trolley to get to our shopping destinations. The room was very nice. The view was absolutely incredible. I had gotten a great deal on hotwire.com and was nervous after reading other reviews about the hotel overbooking. We had no problems. The staff was friendly and helpful. Would definately stay again.	
Aug 23 2004	The service is fabulous	My husband and I had one of our most memorable hotel experiences at the Suisse due to the service. Every person was polite, attentive, and helpful. We will stay there everytime we go to Chicago. Highly suggest staying there.	
Aug 16 2004	Disappointing	We did not have a very good experience at the swissotel. Just stayed for one night but did not receive the service one would expect from a 4 star hotel. They couldn't honor our early check in request, did not give us a lakeview as requested, several leaks in the bathroom, requested extra pillows &amp; towels (only 3 in room) and it took over 6 hours and 2 phone calls, one phone not working, etc. All in all we were disappointed in this hotel, I know we will stay elsewhere next time. Our last hotel stay downtown was at the Sofitel &amp; I felt the service and hotel were much better.	
Aug 11 2004 	Lovely hotel	Stayed for 10 days in July. Large clean rooms and comfortable bed. Large bathroom w shower &amp; tub. Fluffy bathrobes &amp; towels, wide range of toilettries replenished daily. All employees were extremely courteous &amp; helpful. Checked in and out in seconds. Wall Street Journal delivered daily to your door. No noise, great location, fantastic views.Only two negatives: The 42nd floor pool so shallow you scrape your knees swimming, jacuzzi doesn't work and the fitness equipment costs extra. The Palm restaurant had a 70$ for two lobster promotion and though we specified it when making a reservation were told they were out of lobsters after being seated and the Shiraz tasted like housewine.Would heartily recommend this hotel to all, but eat &amp; excersize somewhere else	
Aug 2 2004	Shiny urbanism at the Swissotel	Go for a corner room - we stayed in one about half way up and the view was exceptional - looking up towards Grant Park and out onto the lake. This is a sleek property that verges on the impersonal - the 42nd floor pool is worth swimming in - if only for the view over the rooftops, and showering afterwards looking out over the city is a pretty unbelievable experience. Food unexceptional although the breakfast buffet in the basement restaurant (a bit dark) was of good quality. Service was good - efficient and polite. I think there are probably better value stays in similar hotels to be had in Chicago - this was expensive at $269 a night - but if you're after sleek treats I would go for it. Modernist urban pleasures!	
Jul 2 2004	It's all about the view!!!	My wife and I recently stayed at the Swissotel Chicago with our infant son. This is my favorite hotel in Chicago for two reasons: 1. View and 2. Location. This hotel is only a 5 minute walk from Michigan Avenue, and the Chicago River boat tours. You can also walk to Navy Pier in about 10 minutes from this hotel. By far the Swissotel Chicago offers a superior location. But my favorite thing about this hotel is the view. If you stay here, opt for a corner room since it has a very unique triangular shape and will afford you a truly panoramic view. Our oversized room had a suberb view of the Chicago River, Lake Michigan, and Grant Park. We could see the fireworks at Navy Pier. You can't beat this kinda of a view. Despite the fact that this hotel is ideally designed for the business traveller, they had plenty of amenities to accomodate our infant son. We were able to get a crib, a play pen, and a small room refrigerator for storing baby food at NO additional cost. Many other hotels charge up to $50 for baby amenities like a crib or a room refrigerator. These rooms are very speceous and the beds are very comfortable.The hotel has the Palm restaurant which is ok but a bt overrated. This restaurant is within the hotel but seems to operate independantly so you cannot order room service from the Palm but you can get take out and then have plates/utensils delivered from room srevice. The food at the Swissotel is better than the average hotel but nothing special. This is why I opt for 4 stars and not 5. One other downside is that there is no self-parking at this hotel and valet parking costs a whopping $37 dollars which seems to be the going rate at all downtown Chicago hotels. If you want to self-park, you will have to find a nearby garage and walk to the hotel from there. There is a garage at the Hyatt Regency which is one block away. By the way, all housekeeping and room service requests are handled promptly.All in all, the Swissotel is an excellent hotel in Chicago and we will continue to stay there during our future visits to Chicago. This is an excellent hotel for families and is very baby-friendly. When you go, be sure to opt for a corner room or a room with a view of Lake Michigan. Otherwise, you might get a room that directly overlooks another office building. One additional tip I would offer is to call the hotel's in-house reservations department to make the booking. They have access to specials and packages that might not be on the Swissotel website. We got a $209 rate for a corner king room which included breakfast (room service or at the Geneva Restaurant), discounted parking at $16/day and 2 tickets to the Field Museum. As I said before, it's all about the view. The best views in Chicago!!!P.S. Please note that during our stay, we noticed some construction taking place in the lot next to the Swissotel. It seems like there is another building going up. I am unsure that impact this will have on the view from the Swissotel. I would call the hotel directly to inquire.	
Jun 10 2004	Over Rated - Many Better Hotels in Chicago	My wife and I frequently stay downtown for a night in the city. We have been to many hotels in the downtown Chicago area. My opinion of the Swissotel - spend your money elsewhere and get a much better experience. The Swissotel has a very 'cold' atmosphere and its very difficult to feel comfortable. The room was average at best however the cost per night was far from average. The view from our room faced a construction site which is a soon to be trump building that will block the lake view from the hotel. Other hotels are also a couple blocks closer to the action and again for the cost we would expect more. Our room and the lobby areas had a strange smell and someone was actually vacuuming the hallway floors at 8:00a which woke us up. We called the front desk to complain and were extremely shocked to be treated rudely by the person at the desk. We also had a couple of friends come downtown and they were waiting in the lobby when they were approached by a gentleman asking if they were guests of the hotel. They said no but that they were waiting on us and he actually asked them what our names were and then they looked it up to verify that we were on the guest register. He didnt even apologize to them for the inconvenience and imbarrassment. Overall it was just an unpleasant experience because we were expecting top notch treatment. Spend your money for a nicer hotel just off the lake or off Michigan avenue for real top notch service. Anyone giving this hotel a top review obviously hasnt had the opportunity to stay at a nicer hotel in the area. 	
Jun 9 2004	Worth it	Got a deal on Hotwire and was initially sceptical (given the reviews where people who booked through Hotwire got bumped). However we didn't have one single problem. Room was great, clean, nice view of the river. Walking distance to Miracle Mile, Navy Pier, Institute of Art. You do end up getting taxis to certain areas esp at night, but it was worth it. (and i think this is this case no matter where you stay in Chicago). Staff were very helpful - when there was a problem with the bill it was immediately cleared up, with no arguing or hassle.	
May 24 2004	One of the best	Stayed over a weekend in Nov/2003. Got the rate of $85/night off of ebay. One the nicest hotels I have stayed at. Room was clean and comfortable. Robes were a nice touch. Bathrooms were large and clean. Only thing that was a pain was the walk up Wacker to get there from Michigan Ave. More of a hassle due to the cold weather. Probably not a problem during spring/summer.	
May 19 2004	Loved it	Great view from 28th floor of Navy Pier. Walking distance to Mag Mile and Pier. All staff were very helpful and friendly. We upgraded for $25 a night, was well worth it. The pool and whirlpool were wonderful after all the walking we did. Parking was $37 a night, but worth the convenience. 	
Apr 27 2004	Loved this hotel!!	We stayed here April 22-25 and loved everything about the hotel, the staff, and our room. We booked through Hotwire for a rate of $105 per night plus parking is $37 a day - would stay here again.	
Apr 5 2004	Overrated	I wouldn't stay here beacuse it's a cab ride to get anywhere. Chicago is a great walking town and this hotel is a little too far off Michigan ave to accomodate that. The rooms were nice and the view was pretty good. I think it's a little too pricey compared to what you can get elsewhere on Michigan Ave.	
Apr 2 2004	One of Chicago's Best	 Just stayed at the Swissotel for 2 nights and I have to say that my stay was a nice treat. I was lucky enough to get an upgrade to a lakefront view room upon a fast check-in. It was my first time in this hotel so I didn't really know what to expect given the upgrade. On the way to the 29th floor, I immediately noticed how well maintained the hotel was. The public spaces, hallways, the details were just polished and clean. Elevators were fast, as well. The room I must say was great. It was very spacious, immaculately clean, and modern. The bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was all marble with separated shower and tub. And the view? Just breathtaking. That's when I realized why it was an upgrade. The view of the lake, Navy pier, Chicago river and, even the Hancock building , all infront of you, just accentuated my experience to another level. I would pay extra given the location of this room. I had many planned activities for this 2 night stay and I have to admit that I had a hard time leaving the room especially at night when the beauty of Chicago was just in front of you. I cannot comment on room services, however the staff in the front desk were professional and helpful. I have stayed in several Chicago hotels, including 5 star properties, but I have to say that for the value and amenities alone, it's hard to go wrong with the Swissotel. 	
Feb 26 2004	Nov. 2003	The hotel was nice, we got a corner room on the 22 floor. It was a bit pricey 220/night. I have only a few complaints, the bathroom counter was not cleaned, there were coffee spots and beard trimmings which is really gross, and my complementary moisturizer was already opened. Besides that, it was nice. Chicago is REALLY expensive, we won't be coming back to stay the weekend again, can't afford it.	
Feb 25 2004	Great location. Fantastic view. Exceptional rooms and service!	I took my fiance' to chicago durring our christmas trip to see my family. We stayed one night in the Swissotel Chicago! It was fantastic the room was amazing we stayed on the 32nd floor and the view was amazing. They treated us like royalty, the staff assisted us with information on some wonderful resturants and after hours entertainment. The kingsize bed had a down comforter and feather pillows. We had robes to wear. Swissotel gave me the oppertunity to really impress my future spouse, not just by the stay, but by the great price I paid as well! I can only repay them by letting others know just how fantastic they made our trip! Thanks Swissotel!!! We will be staying with you from now on!	
Feb 3 2004	Played with but rewarded	I booked through Hotwire at a great rate. I had just come from the wyndham and was comfortable there, but was very interested in the swiss as well. When we got there, they had overbooked (even though I also had confirmed weekly and even a few hours before our arrival the reservation and availability) and I was VERY upset with them as they said they couldn't help me. I threatened, and began to speak with others and demanded some help from some &quot;authority&quot;. I then was directed to a manager who gave us some &quot;meeting room&quot; suite with a murphy bed. It was a dissapointment, but it overlooked the pier and we enjoyed the fireworks and view. I made them promise me a room that would reserve and kindle my frustration with them and their lack of hospitality. They provided me and my wife complimentory meals at Currents and put us up in a very large corner room near the top of the hotel...It was beautiful. It made up for it. We've spoken highly of the hotel and the room since, but I must say that I'm very concerned over their common &quot;overbooking&quot; practices, and some of their pompus lower level employees. The credit goes to the manager for making it right and his professional interaction and accomodations. Currents was pleasant, but &quot;cold&quot;...	
Jan 29 2004	a 'glass wall'	I've stayed twice here, both reserved via a discount web site and I've had twice nothing to complain. First time, room was with view on the river, 2nd time on the lake... Hotel's architecture is nice, location near all point of interets and rooms are large, clean, quiet. bathrooms are some of the nicest I've ever seen... An adress to recommand and to keep in Chicago.	
Jan 22 2004	Memorable Experience at the Swissotel	This hotel was extremely excellent. The location was a little removed from North Michigan, but it was a very short walk to N. Michigan and the Loop attractions. However, the incredible view of the lake makes up for the distance. We were able to upgrade and have a lake-view room where we were able to watch the fireworks at Navy Pier. It is very accomodating for the business traveler but very relaxing and comfortable for the leisure traveler. The room was very spacious and the bathroom was very nice. It had both a shower and a tub, and well as ample lighting. The hotel people were very courteous and helpful. I suggest shopping around for the best price. We were able to find it on priceline.com so it was very affordable. Even after our upgrade it was still only around $150-$160/night.	
Jan 4 2004	Awesome New Years Eve	Although I live in Chicago, my friends and I felt that we should rent a room for NYE. From the moment we parked the car with valet, I knew we were in for a treat.The hotels lobby is small, but it's a nice change from overwhelming large lobbies of other hotels. The front desk person was very polite when we checked in.Security was tight at the hotel, as we had to present a room key to go to the guest elevators. This was nice, as we were 3 young ladies traveling alone.The room very very spacious, and the washroom was beautiful! Marble everywhere, a large soaking tub, and a seperate shower! Also, in room coffee maker was complimentry.Check out was very fast, as was getting our car from valet. As we were driving off, a valet person chased after us. We pulled over and he told us that our tire looked rather low. He gave us detailed directions to the nearest gas station. I just thought that he went above and beyond by making sure we knew about the tire.I would stay here again, especially for a weekend shopping trip!	
Nov 29 2003	terrific in every way	The location is as perfect as the hotel! You are right between the Chicago Art Institute and the Mag Mile. Service was excellent and the suites were large and comfortable. (well worth the extra money.) On the top floors, you have access to the gym and spa and a great continental breakfast. The bedding was sumptuous as were the marble bathrooms with lots of fluffy towels and robes. A very great place to stay that has everything you need and then some.	
Nov 21 2003	One Good/ One Bad	I stayed at the Swissotel this past summer and found it very nice. I booked a room through hotwire for the Chicago Marathon weekend. Yes, I paid for the room in advance! When marathon weekend came though, I was bumped out due to overbooking by the Swissotel. I had reconfirmed my reservation a week earlier, then at the last moment, I was bumped and left scrambling. They offered a room 25 miles out in the suburbs as compensation which was not acceptable. I booked the room for the location! I was able to find another room in the city and the Swissotel has promised to reimbuse me the difference in my stay. I am still waiting for my check from them.	
Nov 13 2003	Beautiful Hotel - Service Slightly Lacking	We made reservations for the Swissotel at Quickbook for a CONCEIRGE LEVEL ROOM (the upper floors of the Swissotel). When we went they had a special deal where if you showed a different hotel's rewards card, you would get free airline miles for staying at the Swissotel. We showed them our Wyndham By-Request card and were told for doing this one of our rooms would be given a complimentary upgrade to a conceirge level room - not both rooms but one room. Strange, we thought, since we had booked conceirge level rooms. So this would not be an upgrade but simply giving us what we booked and payed more for. We later (about 5 minutes later - after seeing the lower level room) asked for a conceirge level room and they told us that there was a conference and people were checking out late, and they apologized - and then went ahead and moved us to the conceirge level.It seems to me IF THEY ONLY HAD ONE CONCEIRGE ROOM READY they would give us the one conceirge room and ask us if we would like to wait for the second room to be ready instead of moving us to a lower level room (since we were paying more for the conceirge level room). And don't tell us we're getting an upgrade when that's what we booked. I guess perhaps they figure many people who use discount hotel sites on the web don't really know what they are getting room-wise and so they didn't really have to give us a conceirge level room. Who knows but it was not professional.The rooms with the Navy Pier view are beautiful and the restaurant on the lower level, Currents, was an excellent dining experience. It's a nice hotel, but we felt patronized because we did not book directly through the Swissotel.	
Nov 11 2003	Disappointing this time	I've stayed here twice before and completely loved it, but it was over 7 years ago. Alot of the common areas that I enjoyed so much (a lower level promenade with shops such as a swiss bakery) have been turned into areas such as large banquet rooms. Now, nothing much seems to be going on here and the hotel offered me nothing more than an expensive room and an expensive place to park my car. You also have to pay an extra $10 a day for using the exercise facility which is nice enough but, at that extra cost, I was amazed to find they didn't provide bottled water -- there was a $2/bottle machine! Come on ... nothing like nickle and diming you. To be fair, the room was very nice with a beautiful view of Navy Pier at night. For the price, I think I could do much, much better next time. I won't be staying here again.	
Nov 10 2003	Best Stay Ever!!!	Unbelievable stay at the Swissotel Chicago! Everything there was in great shape, and all the staff were wonderful. Upgraded to a 2-level suite at check in.....biggest hotel room I have ever seen. 180 degree views of the River, Navy Pier, Lake, and down Lake Shore Drive! Executive Lounge is a must if possible. Great service in there, and a nice quiet place to grab a drink and just talk. Will definitely be coming back to the Swissotel Chicago.	
Oct 21 2003	snobbish hotel but nice and clean	I stayed at this hotel in September and got a great deal at hotwire.com. It is in a very convenient location. The only drawback were: Parking was very outrageous, and the people that were staying at this hotel were snobs. The staff at the front desk and the concierge were a bunch of snobs as well -- very arrogant. A definate turn-off. The rooms were clean and big and the view of the navy pier was incredible. If one is not turned off by the reception one gets when one checks in, then it's a great hotel -- just try to ignore them all and you'll do fine!	
Sep 30 2003	Great views	Very nice hotel with well trained staff. But the beds are most uncomfortable! Get a room on the lakeside, the view from the higher floors is wonderful.	
Sep 28 2003	Loved the Swissotel! Expensive Parking but great rooms.	I got a great rate from an internet site at the Swissotel. Even my cityview room had a great view of the Chicago River. The concierge was quite helpful with dinner reservations. Rooms were nicely furnished. Desk was adequately sized and there was high speed internet acess. Gym large and there is a great view from the 42nd floor. Pool is nice with whirlpool and saunas in the locker rooms. Parking is expensive. I took the advice from another reviewer and parked in the city lot under Millenium Park and walked less than two blocks to the hotel, paying $13.00. The water pressure was low in the bathtub, but I found nothing else to complain about. Excellent location just off of Michigan Avenue, yet close to the Art Institute and Grand Park.	
Sep 10 2003	Nice!	We enjoyed our stay at Swissotel! The staff was courteous, professional and efficient; the room very pleasant, and the location great! The contemporary hotel is located on the southeastern edge of the Chicago River, just several blocks from Michigan Ave. shops &amp; the very interesting architecture of the Loop. The rooms are business-oriented, so they are not as hip or stylish as, say, the Sutton Place or the W. But still very nice. The bathroom was my favorite. The pleasant view from our window looked out towards an office building in one direction and the Chicago River, Tribune Tower &amp; points north in the other (since the building is triangular, there are interesting views) The top floor pool &amp; exercise room is a nice place to stop in after a day of sightseeing and take in the fabulous view of the Lake &amp; Navy Pier. Since the hotel garage was rather expensive ($33/day), so we deposited the car 2 blocks away in the Grant Park underground garage (circa $13/day) and just walked or took the El during our stay. We had gotten a great rate via the internet, which made our stay at Swissotel even better!	
Sep 8 2003	Top Notch Hotel		
Aug 26 2003	Nice hotel 		
Aug 23 2003	mixed review		
Aug 3 2003	Great Location		
Jul 30 2003	Was almost a pleasure!		
Jul 20 2003	Amazing views and service!!		
Jul 8 2003	Very Disapointed Again!		
Jul 2 2003	I Want To Go Back		
Jun 12 2003	Pricey But Perfect		
Mar 10 2003	Best Birthday Ever!		
Aug 12 2009 	Hotel perfetto - location - confort - estetica		
Sep 22 2008 	Genial		
