	awful beds	The bed at this hotel was the worst I have ever slept on in a hotel. It felt like a super cheap mattress and the pillows were bad, too. There was an open air window between the bathroom and the bedroom, with shutters, which is ok if you don't want any privacy. The service was good, but nothing is more important than comfort, especially for the bed. We were exhausted from the lack of sleep and that makes the trip less enjoyable. We had to pay $48 PER DAY to park there. Would have stayed mid city, had we known. Way to much money for the low quality.	
	Fabulous Hotel	After reading all the reviews, I was a little skeptical of my visit. I have to say, they couldnt have been more wrong. The customer service was great and top notch. The room was Great. It was big enough for three people. We had a great city view. We stayed on the 32nd floor. The bathroom is made a little weird with a sliding wood door and wooden shudders, but it still maintained privacy. I will definitely be staying here again. The only downside to the hotel is parking. There is no cheap parking ANYWHERE around the hotel. And the business center costs $6.95 per minute and .50 each additional minute. So needless to say, if you dont have a laptop, you will not be able to get online.	
Nov 25 2009 	Enjoyed but concerned with some of the bad reviews	I had a great trip with family and teenrestaurant was goodyes it is a &quot;bar scene&quot; lower level but no one was out of controlrestaurant was a little slow sometimes but overall good and food was goodI get concerned with the bad reviews as when I read that customer service doesnt care I equate that with dirty bathroomsI would go backyes elevators are slow but come on its not that bad (imo)	
Nov 20 2009 	They had me then they lost me...literally. But still lots of good amenities and terrific location.	My first business trip in a long while, went to Chicago to spend two days working on a project, and chose this from several in the area that my company offered because we had a great corporate rate and location was good. Initially was very impressed. We checked in mid-day and both my colleague and I immediately were able to go to our rooms (early). Trendy vibe the moment you walk through the door. Through some promotion I don't recall, I'm currently Starwood Gold, so was upgraded to a spectacular view of Lake Michigan and Navy Pier on the 24th floor and given 4pm checkout on the day of departure, which was nice with a late flight. Room had flat-screen TV, two double beds, well-equipped bathroom with nifty Bliss amenities (and there's a Bliss spa on premises). There is an odd window in the bathroom with shutters that can open and close. I didn't mind it, but can see where it might freak out traditionalists. iPod docking station on the nightstand has become an expected but welcome amenity in this class of hotel. Weird traditional analog bedside clock was very hard to see if you woke up in the middle of the night. Closet space is strange because clothing storage is in drawers undeneath the closet so you have to awkwardly bend down to get your clothes. Not a deal breaker but if I had a bad back, would be annoyed. I missed some small amenities like an in-room coffeemaker and a stand for my suitcase for packing/unpacking. Everything's very design-y and trendy and theme-y. The extra roll of toilet paper in the bathroom had a cover titled &quot;Backup Plan,&quot; the newspaper was presented every day in a grey bag titled &quot;News&quot; that hung on the doorknob,even the bathmat had the word &quot;Step&quot; inscribed on it. Little details were fun; guess these are a W signature but I don't stay at a lot of them.Had best intentions of working out so I did visit the pool and gym area, which seemed well equipped. The pool is indoors but there is an outdoor deck which would be fun in the summer months. Loved the treadmills facing the lake. Sadly, business and sleep took priority and I never made it there to actually work out. Had a great ahi tuna sandwich for lunch at the lobby bar and our group even briefly checked out Whiskey Sky, the rooftop bar, which wasn't as exciting as we'd hoped - very small and the view was better from my room.We had the chance to try their Acura &quot;Wherever Whenever&quot; service where their driver will take you anywhere you need to go within 5 miles of the hotel - much more pleasant and fun than a regular taxi cab. Service starts at noon so not great for early morning business meetings, but a really fun perk. So I was feeling great about the place initially, but the love affair ended abruptly when after a grueling 12 hour work day, I came back to my room to find that they'd checked me out. All my things were still there, untouched, but a friend came to visit and texted me to tell me the front desk told her I'd checked out. A half-hour ordeal ensued with a manager (Sasha) who insisted my reservation was only for one night (though I had an itinerary and materials given me at check-in that clearly stated two nights) and suggested that somehow I had made the mistake. &quot;No, there's nothing noted here in the change log, it always was for just one night...&quot; she kept saying over and over again. Wish she'd spent less energy insisting I was wrong and more energy trying to fix it. I was finally checked in again, but the next day the bill slipped under my door was wrong on so many counts that I had to go to the front desk again to fix it. Wound up with two separate bills, one for each night, which should be fun for submitting expenses.Parking was a breathtaking $48, so I was glad I didn't have a rental car, internet access was $40 for 3 days, and they charged me $2.29 access for calling the airline's 800 number. Be aware. Would I stay there again? Sure. But I'd make them print out proof of my check-out date and rate the moment I checked in. I would skip the internet access and stick to the cell phone for all my calls, even 800 numbers.The hotel is a block away from West Egg Cafe, a favorite breakfast spot, and another restaurant recommendation is Graham Elliot (not in the neighborhood but worth seeking out). Pumpernickel crusted sturgeon was amazing.	
Nov 16 2009 	Don't Worry about the Bad Reviews	I stayed here for my 40th birthday weekend and was a little nervious about some of the reviews...... Don't worry this is a nice hotel with a great staff. We got a lakeview room which I was also worried about and it turned out to be great. If you can get past the cost ,which you already know about, this is a great place to stay. Close to everything,free Acura car ride, GREAT BED!	
Nov 16 2009 	For the money I didn't like it enough	Cons:- Had to walk through parking/drop off area to get in.- 2 to 3 blocks from any restaurants etc.- No prices with snack bar- Continually transferred when talking to customer services- Cooooold barPros:- Good gym, and a pool (with a view)- Friendly staff on the whole- Nice room, comfy bed, cool furnishings and well supplied- Beautiful viewStayed here on the first night of our honeymoon, and were upgraded to a lake view room, which was pretty spectacular. The room was a good size and well furnished with a really comfy bed; although if you're not into contemporary design you might not be so keen.During our stay we used the gym which was pretty well equipped. The pool was a little on the small side, but there were rarely more than a couple of people in there so it wasn't a problem. A fruit bowl at the pool side was a nice addition too.The staff were friendly, and we didn't encounter any problems with service. When phoning down, we did tend to get transferred around quite a lot though; a problem I also encountered when phoning ahead of our trip.The hotel is a good looking place and well designed, but let down a bit by the fact that you have to negotiate a busy setting down area on the way in - an addition to a relaxed atmosphere this does not make.The W hotels make a bit of noise about the munchie boxes they have in their rooms, which are really just snack bars and definately not free so do not be fooled. Ours didn't have a price list, and some of the packets had been opened; not cool.The hotel is fairly central, and just across the road from Navy Pier. It's a good few blocks to anything much else though, which is why I wasn't so impressed with it's location.It's got a good bar up on the twenty something-th floor, but be warned; it's coooold. From chatting to the girl behind the bar, I got the impression it was always like that. Perhaps a busy friday night would warm it up.This is a great hotel if your into nightlife, with a bar in the lobby and another higher up, a buzzing atmosphere and good facilities. The rooms were generally well kept and well designed. I would recommend it for someone with plenty of money looking for somewhere with a good buzz. For me though, it was just a bit too expensive for what it was.	
Nov 15 2009 	Completely underwhelmed	The W Lakeshore hotel was a large disappointment from the moment we arrived. The hotel entrance was a mess with cars parked in every direction while we waited 10 minutes on the street. Check-in agents were unpleasant and did not provide us with any information on the hotel (including where to find the elevators). Elevators were slow. Walls were thin and we heard everything going on in the halls until all hours of the morning. The bathroom was tiny and had to step over the toilet to enjoy the weak shower. The only bright spot: the Bliss toiletries.	
Nov 3 2009 	Claustrophobia Anyone?	I thought this was a new hotel and found out that it has been in business for over 10 years. The upstairs bar reminded me of a bad dream from the pre-disco 70's with Black Lights. Daytime is alright with the Mackinac Island style rocking chairs overlooking the Lake. Everything screamed progressive - with young Turks ordering Martell and Red Bull cocktails for $20 a pop. Most of the visitors that weekend were government employees - not a business friendly atmosphere. Rooms were small, elevators were slow and very crowded - whoever designed the foot traffic pattern must have a sardine fetish - since this is how you feel at the elevator cue. Mediocre food - helpful staff though. Would only recommend if you are under 30.	
Oct 25 2009 	loved it	got lucky when i chose to &quot;name your price&quot; on priceline. i chose the area of the city and bid 100. my bid was accepted. at first i was a bit hesitant because of some of the reviews that i had read (not necessarily on this site). however, i was pleasantly surprised. we stayed in a cityview room on the 19th floor. though not as amazing as a lake view, it was still great. you can enjoy the lake view at the elevator alcove where they provide a telescope. i would have gladly paid the standard rate for our room. we had a king sized bed, and the room was quite spacioius. although i could hear people in the adjoining rooms, during the early evening, it was silent when i went to sleep. the hotel is very trendy and hip. wireless is free in the living room (also wonderful for people watching). the staff was very helpful and courteous. the rooms were spotless. would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 20 2009 	Kudos to Claudia from the concierge services	Overall, our stay was very pleasant. We encountered one hiccup and that was immediately addresses by Claudia at the concierge. I can't say enpugh of her. She even came up to our room and brought our delivery that was hung up at the security. Good service and personnel made this stay memorable. Keep investing on the best people.	
Oct 19 2009 	Very Hip Place to say with Positive attitudes!	I wanted to give a review since I almost canceled our stay due to the many negative ones listed on this site.We were here to celebrate a 40th birthday. In total we had 5 rooms. We requested to stay in the same vicinity and we were all on the same floor. Requested the 2 complimentary Acura car rides which were prompt and pleasant. Requested coffee make and brought up in a timely manner. In other words, &quot;the anything&quot; requests were granted and we were very pleased with our experience.The rooms were very contemporary. A bit worn but clean and comfortable (Love the bed!) I am a &quot;Westin&quot; girl and prefer the more traditional but I loved the &quot;hip vibe&quot; of the hotel lobby and atmoshere. My husband and I had a Marvelous suite with a great view of Lake Michigan and Navy Pier. It was also excellent to entertain the group before going out. Michigan Ave four blocks away so the location was pretty convenient.Don't be frightened to give this place a try. We will certainly go back sometime!	
Oct 18 2009 	Great location - very sophisticated hotel	The kids thought the hotel was very cool. They loved swimming in the pool and looking out the window in our room at the lake and Navy Pier.	
Oct 15 2009 	Overall Nice Stay	The W Lakeshore is located along the water and seems like a great location for the warmer months. We were about a 10 minute walk to Michigan Avenue, where all of the shopping is. Overall, we had a very nice stay at the W. The lobby is very cool and club-like. Our room was more simple than I would have thought. Since I had stayed at the W in Montreal, I would have expected more color and fur! The room was asian inspired and I did like the lounge chaise and the window with shutters that opened into the room. The staff was nice and helpful when asked, but did not go above and beyond. We were happy with the value that we received considering we spent about $200 a night. It was clean and comfortable.	
Oct 12 2009 	W stands for WOW!	What a great place! Beautiful hotel, comfy rooms, lots of amenities. Workout facilities were top of the line with indoor pool overlooking Lake Michigan.	
Oct 8 2009 	A Unique and enjoyable stay	A very interesting hotel. Service was great Be sure to arrange for a free ride to local attractions in the hotels Acura MDX. The only problem was the bed was so high we needed a stool to get in Don't miss the unusual lobby restrooms	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Style	Loved the design of the rooms! Small, but not to crowded.	
Oct 4 2009 	stay away	Good location...horrible service. Had bikes stolen from property; hotel could have cared less. Room was nicely decorated but soundproofing must be poor...could hear everything in the hallway. Really not worth the money.	
Oct 2 2009 	Loved the Bliss Spa but hotel could loose the "too cool for you attitude"	The bed was comfortable, but one of the lamps didn't work and the room service was beyond bad. The room appeared to have been renovated, poorly, from a hotel that was clearly NOT 4 star, as W rates itself. Too bad, because it's in a a nice location, good view. But the crux of it all is the &quot;too cool for you&quot; attitude. It's the antithesis of the other Starwood brands such as Westin and Sheraton. There are better options in Chicago.	
Oct 2 2009 	A smoking room...and I sure don't mean the view	I stay in lots of W Hotels. I have seen it all...and then some. The staff was nice, some were exceptional (Mark Bernardo), and the Acura Experience folks saw way too much of us. I was actually a little excited about this hotel: across the street from the beach, beside my conference at Navy Pier, walking distance to MI Ave, and it has a pool...and here goes the story.We check into the hotel. Our room 925 has a view of people working in their office (city side), the room was small, the furniture was chipped, the room was just blah. I just smiled, I was staying for free on a free weekend redemption. I refuse to even comment on the often bemoaned SHUTTERS separating the bathroom and bedroom! Well, I will say this, I don't know anyone...ANYONE, I am that comfortable to share necessity time with like you do without turning on the shower for a noise buffer. It was just all the little things that didn't add up for me. It is as always for the younger traveler, not the grandma that was complaining about the music on the elevator. The Whiskey bar upstairs was nice, if not a little bland in decor. The bartender was terrific. The next morning we called down to Whenever/Whatever for a coffee maker to be sent up, and it promptly arrived. The lady was kind enough to set it up and start it for us. I was glad to move to the Sheraton Towers after checking out of there, not that the W was bad...it just didn't wow me like usual. I blame it on being W'd out for a bit...am taking a break from them.Likes: location, Acura Experience, pool, staffDislikes: City view smoking room, amount of people that I don't think were guest floating around, paying for internet (and no, I won't walking to the lobby to get it for free...bring it to me), my overuse of the W brand at the moment (and being tired from too much work travel)Overall: It's great for younger travelers, you can walk most places you'll want to go, and you can easily cab it anywhere else. If you don't know who is on MTV, you probably shouldn't stay at a W. You will just complain afterward. Otherwise, I'll likely stay there in the future, but I will upgrade to a suite.	
Oct 1 2009 	Love the "W"!	Stayed here for a night during a business trip. Had a King Room (#2017). The bed was one of the best I've slept in as far as hotels go. Loved the decor and the overall set up. Especially loved the Bliss Ammenities! Bathroom had only shower, no tub, in case that's an issue.Hotel is walking distance (4 Blocks) to the Magnificent Mile, but there are closer hotels if that's a priority. One nice touch here at the W is the &quot;Acura Experience&quot; which is a complimentary Acura Shuttle service in a 5 mile Radius. Starts at noon...I booked lift to the Shopping District and the driver was informative and helpful as to where to find what I was looking for.Lobby has a cool vibe and the bar was very busy (Thursday night).I would definitley stay here again!	
Sep 28 2009	W CHICAGO Lake Shore Drive	W on Lake Shore Drive is a hip hotel right on Lake Michigan. We arrived off a train from NYC and got in early but were able to check into a great room facing the lake. The beds are the most comfy I’ve ever stayed in. Yes, the bathroom configuration is a bit weird with shutters that open onto the bedroom so that you cannot mask the noise within. Don’t know why they did this except to give you a view of the lake from inside the bathroom. We booked the architectural boat tour through the concierge and that was fabulous. Every W hotel includes free Acura drop off service that you must book in advance. We got a ride to the boat tours as well as to the John Hancock building that evening. We visited the Signature lounge for drink and the views before dinner. It was a wonderful place to see the city from high up. Dinner at Bistro 110 was disappointing and I don’t recommend it although the concierge did. W Hotels have a whatever/whenever button on the phone where you can request just about anything. The only time it disappointed was when we asked for help with our bags at check out, the bell hop never showed up even though we called twice. All in all a very pleasant stay, great location and the view sublime.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great views over Navy Pier and Lake Michigan	Hotel is right on the lake by Navy Pier, which has some tourist restaurants, boat trips and is a stop for the double decker bus sightseeing tours. Its about a 20 minute walk from the Magnificent Mile shopping area so if you just want to shop you might be better staying closer. Apart from Navy Pier, there isnt much in the way of shops or restaurants nearby, but you cant beat the views of the lake and cabs to Michigan Ave (shops) or Rush Street (bars and restaurants) are easily available. The bar at the top of the hotel is cool although its on a corner rather than at the front so it looks out over Chicago rather than the lake. Lots of reviews complained about the lifts and while its true we did sometimes have to wait 2 or 3 minutes for a lift, it wasnt really an issue. Breakfast is served in the lobby restaurant or outside at the front of the hotel. Unfortunately this is not far from Lakeshore Drive, which is quite a busy dual carriageway but its still a nice spot for breakfast. Staff were all friendly and when room service breakfast was late one morning, we didnt have to pay.	
Sep 17 2009 	Good water views and pool area	I have stayed at this W Hotel and the W Chicago City Center. Both stays were for business. I'd recommend the City Center location for business travel as I thought it had a quieter, cooler atmosphere and also better rooms. Both locations offer free internet in the lobby, but you have to pay for internet access in your room.The Lake Shore location rooms were more plain and I thought the lobby was incredibly crowded and noisy. The rooms do have great views of the water (if you request a water view room). Additionally, I stopped by the fitness center and it's really nice and modern. There is a great indoor pool and sundeck area. The location seems like a perfect spot if you're vacationing and also want some time to relax within the hotel.	
Sep 15 2009 	Nice Hotel good location	We thought this hotel was in a great location and it was pretty easy to get to from the airport..love public transportation! It is situated right across from the water, just the road in between so it was lovely. We didn't have any issues with noise or anything either, which was nice. we didn't try the restaurant so have no opinion on that. we got a good deal from priceline.com too so that was a bonus! The rooms were nicely decorated too, kind of a swanky type place with being really modern and &quot;shiny&quot; :) I wouldn't call it a 4 star hotel but it was nice. The only downside if there must be one is the staff is mediocre at best, but we got done what needed to be done they just aren't overly enthusiastic about anything. One of the valet guys was really awesome though, but he was the only one that stood out as great. So if you don't need to a lot of attention, this is a great place. We're pretty easy going so it doesn't matter to us. Oh, and only free internet in the lobby, not in your room. U have to pay to get it in your room.We also did the near north walking food tour which was alot of fun and not to expensive then we hit the free zoo after that. That took up a whole day and was great for sight seeing and learning more about the city, i recommend this tour! And it was only 42/pp!	
Sep 7 2009 	Unimpressed	We stayed at the W on our anniversary because we live in the suburbs and didn't want the long drive home after a late evening dinner. We arrived at about ten to four and we were told they we running 30 minuets behind. Considering check in is at three, this was pretty poor. An hour and a half past the listed check in time, really? That's pathetic for a large hotel chain.  Our room was ok, dark and pretty small. After dinner we went to Whiskey Sky, which was a tiny joke, and then back to the room when I decided to take a shower. I turned on the water and it was so loud I thought the pipes were going to break! I'm positive our neighbors could hear it, because I heard the same sound coming from another room the next morning.  Finally we had breakfast the next day at the restaurant in the lobby, $8 for an orange juice, give me a break! And the stupid benches that the waiters have to slide out and slide in, for you to sit down, ridiculous. This place is trying too hard and falling short. I was glad to leave.	
Sep 7 2009 	Management does not care about their customers!!!!	Check in time was at 3:00. We did not get our room till 4:00 and my parents could not get into their still 5:00. We were told we could get in our rooms at 3:20. When talking to management she had a oh well attiitude and did nothing. The rooms were nice but the service was absolutely horrible. Do not plan on going anywhere in a hurry because it will take a while to get on and off the elevators. It cost $15 to get on the interent also. We will not stay here again!	
Sep 7 2009 	Dark Dismal Stay away	We stayed because it was close to Navy Pier and we heard the W was a &quot;trendy&quot; place to stay. &quot;Trendy&quot; in this case, means particle board furniture with shoe polish touchups accented with non functional window blinds, blaring elevator music, cough drop and moth ball smelling hallways, dusty glasses and $6.00 bottles of water. Room service never showed so we left to get breakfast.	
Aug 29 2009 	Over Rated	My husband and I stayed at the W on his birthday and I have to say it wasn't even worth the price I paid thru hotels.com (I got it for almost 100 dollars less than the advertised price from the hotel). Even then, it wasn't worth it.I checked in (early) and they DID have a room ready which was nice. However, I paid for a king room and still got 2 doubles. The view was nice but I could hear the jackhammering even up on the 12th floor. I called the front desk when I got to my room and saw it was a 2 doubles, I called the &quot;Whatever,Whenever&quot; and reminded them that I had reserved a king room. They told me they'd get right back to me....20 minutes later, I called and it still wasn't taken care of. So I said forget it. So &quot;Whatever, Whenever&quot; I guess is only if they feel like it. The room had an odd smell. I know it was supposed to be retro but it was just really kind of cheap trailer looking. Not impressed at all. On the up side, valet parking was free:) Other than that, wouldn't recommend this one at all. Very disappointed.	
Aug 19 2009 	All Glitz No Substance	On the negative side, the lobby was simply packed with people all throughout the day due to the packed bar location 10 ft away from the reception. Elevators frequently backed up, causing a line. The walls were very thin. It's a tall building, though, so there are some very nice views from your room windows. Overall the room decor was fine and clean. The location itself is convenient to the beach &amp; Navy Pier, but not to downtown. You'll have to cab it, but at least there were always cabs waiting outside. Overall I'd say that if you're simply visiting Chicago and want to see the sights you could probably find a hotel with a much better location and more enjoyable atmosphere.	
Aug 17 2009 	Great location Nice Hotel!	The Hotel is a Hip place if that's what you're looking for, I liked the location directly across from the Navy Pier and right in the heart of Streeterville not far from the downtown Loop area. I was a little freakout at first of the Shutters on the Bathroom but it wasn't a problem. Staff was very Helpful.	
Aug 14 2009 	True W Experience	THe W is a unique brand of hotel and I hear some people knocking the way they do things. This should be a fun experience; a chance to feel hip, and a place to escape from the normal hotel structure. I love this place and prefer to stay at a W when ther is one around (there is not that many unless in a big city). I rarely travel for leisure so this is a great place to let loose. Plus you can't beat the location. I have not been to the other W in Chicago but the reviews sound simlar...I encourage people to navigate the website and leave preconceptions at the door. Some of us really need this kind of place in our life and I applaud the fact that they are doing somwthing different. Definately a step in the right direction for the hotel industry.	
Aug 12 2009 	Terrible Customer Service-Front Desk and Management	I just got back from my &quot;experience&quot; at the W Lakeshore and I am less than pleased. Upon checkin we were not able to receive our key. Our trip was pre-paid for by my father-in-law as a birthday gift and our names were not on the reservation. His name was the only name on the reservation, due to a hotel error. Due to &quot;security reasons&quot; we could not check in until he contacted the hotel to give approval. Understandable to an extent, but again our names were not on the reservation due to a booking mistake. I was ok with this mistake when the lady at the desk bought us drinks while we waited to get a hold of my father-in-law (who is a lawyer who happened to be stuck in court). After enjoying a few drinks at the bar I walked through the lobby to find a bathroom and all of our bags (which had been unloaded out of my car by valet) were sitting in the middle of the lobby completely unattended. It was check-in time and there were at least 100 people in the lobby. Any number of things could have been stolen! I alerted the front desk of this and they asked me what I wanted them to do. The girl at the desk talked to me like I was not a real guest and stomped over to her manager and clearly seemed like I was asking her to do something out of the question. Her manager also acted like I was being out of line for asking for my bags to be stored. 3 hours later we were able to check into the room and waited over an hour to get our bags delivered to the room. At the end of our stay we ended up paying $48 a day for parking even though when we booked the room there was a promotion for free parking during our stay. The front desk asked me to &quot;prove it,&quot; in exact words. Shouldn't they have record of their promotions that they advertise. Should the guest really need documentation? Again our trip was a gift we did not have any confirmation information with us, but the reason why we picked the hotel was because of the free parking promotion. On the website that we booked the room with it still lists the promotion which is still valid for a few more weeks!!!!! Overall totally incompetent snobby front desk and management that think that since they work somewhere nice means they can be snobs. News flash, our stay at their hotel cost more than their monthly paycheck! Our waitress was nice and the man who delivered our bags to our room was also nice, but they were the only exceptions! There are MUCH better places in Chicago to stay! I will never spend another penny at a W hotel!	
Aug 11 2009 	Three Star at Best	I recently stayed 5 nights in this hotel. It was dissapointing. We arrived at around 7pm after a long flight and we were exhausted. It was not welcoming to enter the lobby with very loud rock music like a trashy nightclub. One does not expect this from &quot;4 Star&quot; Starwood Hotels. We waited for at least 5 minutes to get an elevator and the lobby area gets really crammed around the lifts. Our room was on the 28th floor with a nice view of the lake and Navy Pier. The rooms are on the smaller side and it is immediatley obvious that a really cheap makeover is masking old bones. The biggest dissapointment is the air conditioning units. The hotel is not fitted with universal air conditioining and hallways etc are not air conditioned. The room a/c unit was very noisy and I was woken at least 10 times during the night by the squeaky noises from the fan unit. The beds are rather strange and sit on a wooden box. They are not the similar beds you get at the Westin and fine linen is scarce. The showers are ok although the water leaks onto the main bathrrom floor and is peeling the wallpaper from the walls. I laughed when I noticed only 1 bathrobe (even after booking for 2 persons). I had already read about this on a previous review. We had to call down for a coffee machine which is another normal inclusion in any decent 4 star hotel. The hotel has a DVD renting program which I thought was a good idea. The location is good and only short walk to Navy Pier and Magnificent Mile. There is Starbucks, 7 Eleven and McDonalds all within one block which is handy. Wine and Cocktails at the hotel are expensive (min $10 each) considering the ambiance of loud rock music every night. We walked to other hotels and found much better value and nice lounge type music often live piano etc but you wont get that at the W. The hotel is popular with young families and if you feel like using the pool, forget it as it is always busy with little ones having fun. In summary the hotel was a dissapointment and no where near the 4 star grading from Starwood that I expect. If you don't mind disrupted sleep from a/c units, loud trashy rock music in public areas then I guess the hotel may suit your needs. Like many of the reviews here there is a lot better value for money elsewhere in the city.	
Aug 11 2009 	Really nice great location	A friend and I stayed here during Lollapalooza over the weekend. I'd been worried about the bathroom situation (the little shutters as opposed to a door) but we didn't have any problems with that. We had booked through hotels.com so I was pleasantly surprised to get a room on the 27th (of 33) floor--I would have thought those would be given to more VIP guests. Obviously the location is wonderful; there were telescopes by the elevators so you could look out over Navy Pier and the lake, it was a quick walk to clubs, restaurants and shopping, and cabs were easy to come by. I was excited for the Acura car service but it only ran 12-8 so I never got to use that. I loved the Bliss bath products, but there was only one robe in the bathroom, which seemed odd. The staff was very helpful when we had questions, and while the breakfast I ordered from room service arrived quickly, it wasn't that great--definitely not worth all the surcharges tacked on to the already expensive price tag. We made use of the Starbucks and 7-11 down the block, as well as the parking lot that was $16/day cheaper than the hotel rate.I am not a luxury-hotel-type person, and I'll probably go back to my Hampton Inns after this, but it was definitely a fun splurge thanks to the hotels.com rate.	
Aug 8 2009 	Awesome hotel great location!	We actually hotwired this hotel and were quite pleasantly surprised with the quality of the hotel we received for the price we paid - as well - we got a complementary upgrade to lake view. I highly recommend hotwire if you dont' mind taking a bit of a chance on location - although there are tips to find out the location before you commit.	
Aug 8 2009 	A very pleasant surprise!	After reading lots of negative reviews about this hotel, one would think to go someplace else. Boy, were they wrong! We booked for a 3 night stay and everything went very well. The staff were very accomodative from the beginning to end and with a smile. Our room was a tad small w/ 2 kids in tow BUT the room looked nice and very clean. Did I forget to mention the FREE coffee, bottled water, and internet service at the hotel lobby? I did not see that dreaded $3 coffee from previous reviews. Hotel management must read these reviews and make adjustments. We prepaid at an awesome price and the hotel is close to eveything a tourists craves (beach, Navy Pier, Michigan Avenue, Water Tower). After putting the kids down for the evening, we decided to check out the night scene at the 2 hotel bars. Definitely not for &quot;married w/ children&quot; types BUT great for the &quot;checkout that hottie&quot; single crowd and a cool spot for people watching. This is what my wife and I did for the most part while sipping our drinks. In conclusion, I guess Forrest Gump was right after all. &quot;Life is like a box of chocolates, you never know what you're gonna get&quot;. Take a chance and see you next time at the W.	
Aug 7 2009 	Not Bad could be better	This is definitely a hip hotel. The lobby is cool and inviting and while we were there Jamie Fox and some other entertainers were staying there. The fitness center is excellent and my wife and daughter utilized the Bliss spa and loved it. We were offered a 2:30pm late checkout. The rooms are very average at best. They are small and need to be updated. Our comforter and sheets had stains. The internet charge is $14.95! The concierge was not very helpful, nor friendly. But the worst thing about our stay was the traffic noise. We stayed on the 12th floor, in a lake view room, overlooking Lake Shore Drive. The traffic noise was terrible until all hours of the night. Would stay there again, but would have to be on a higher floor.	
Aug 1 2009 	Sunrise over Lake Michigan	I selected Hotel W Lakeshore in Chicago as a place to relax before returning on an 8 hour flight to Europe after touring some states in the US. I expected a chill down at the shores of Lake Michigan would be perfect. And it was... The location of Hotel W Lakeshore is perfect: it sits right at Lakeshore Drive North and as I booked a double double with lakeview we had the best view ever. Also from there it is not far to the Magnificent Mile (Michigan Avenue) on which you find every kind of shop you can imagine.The hotel itself has a loungy feel to it and can be qualified as a boutique hotel but one withlots of rooms. Breakfast was good but expensive. The rooms are nicely decorated and well-kept. Room service is good too.On a trip to Chicago I would stay there again.	
Jul 31 2009 	Perfect location hip hotel	I have stayed in the W in Los Angeles before and I think the Lakeshore Chicago is much brighter and seems much busier. I think the location has to be the best part, right across from the lake and Navy Pier. Access is easy via an underground tunnel just a few yards along the street (there is a road between the hotel and the lake).The lobby, bar and restaurant all overlook the lake with floor to ceiling glass doors allowing the light to flood in and the gorgeous views to be accessed from any point. There are seats where you can just sit and watch the world go by out the front as well as restaurant seating.I had breakfast in the restaurant, a smoked salmon &quot;pizette&quot;. It was excellent and the coffee was great too. As a platinum SPG member I was upgraged to a suite. It was extremely &quot;cool&quot; and comfortable. Had a great living room, 2nd bathroom etc. The bedroom and ensuite bathroom were fantastic. (photo's attached). I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago. Oops, almost forgot the BLISS spa! There is a Bliss spa located in the hotel. Wonderful treatments available. I love that you can have a massage or facial and go back to your room in your robe without having to get dressed or be seen by the general public!!	
Jul 26 2009 	A big disappointment	W is my partner's favorite hotel, so for his birthday I thought I could not go wrong by choosing this hotel. What a disappointment. The hotel was busy, full of kids and teens, with very loud music. The walls of the rooms are paper thick and could not sleep for the first two nights from the noise. The lifts were dirty and full of finger marks, the tea pot was smudged with butter and the room was so dusty that after the first day we had to leave a note asking if the room could be cleaned. They had a DVD library service which we thought was quite good but took them over an hour to bring the DVD up. This W seem to be just selling the view, which is beautiful, and the brand. nothing else.	
Jul 21 2009 	Nice location cool lobby area worn out interiors and room only ok	Location (5/5): Off the lake.. close enough to Michigan etcLobby (4/5): Nicely done, club like ambience, a little small thoughOther interiors (1/5): Very bad, corridoors smell of staleness and moistness and look worn outRoom (3/5): Ok. Nothing specialService (3/5): Couple of interactions with the hotel staff weren't helpful (e.g., asking about nearby area, etc)Food (N/A): Didn't try	
Jul 20 2009 	All Fluff No Substance	They may think a sliding door and shutters for the bathroom look nice, but they don't muffle the sound of the shower, sink or toilet so that the person in the room is always disturbed.Further dysfunction is achieved by the motion activated air conditioning. It only works if someone is moving in the room. We don't move much when we sleep so the a/c would shut off making the room excessively warm. Green is good, but not at the cost of a good night's sleep.	
Jul 19 2009 	Not the best in the W chain but adequate.	This property needs a little updating. Iin my room, the pull cords on the shades were broken and the shades were frayed. The decor was &quot;ok&quot; and room was small.However, the view was good and I liked the fact that the hotel had an Acura to take us around. I would probably stay here again but it is not high on my list.	
Jul 16 2009 	Fancy!!!	I like the dark decoration in the room, kinda modern &amp; trendy style.I also like the breakfast in hotel.	
Jul 13 2009 	The worse W Hotel EVER - Horrible	With the exception of the lake view from my room(which has nothing to do with the hotel), I hated everything about this hotel. It is was noisy, kids running around, garbage bags and cleaning cart in the middle of the hallway on my floor all morning long ... not to mention they start knocking doors to clean at 8am if you forget the Do Not Disturb sign. I did not dare to order food. It took 20 minutes to get some coffee bags, not even a pot.A few other things. I am over 40 and look 40. I went up to the whiskey bar (roof top) where there were only 4 people sitting and having a drink. I was asked for an ID before the hello.The other place where you can have a drink is the lobby... it is a zoo. Vegas, cheap hotel lobby? You get the picture. I am used to W Hotels in New York. Chicago Lakshore' decor is OK... not even close, but only grown-ups should be allowed.Horrible. The worse W ever. I will NEVER go back and I split my time between NYC and Chicago.	
Jul 10 2009 	The "W" Really Should Be "Club W" Pick Another Hotel	If you are looking for a nice girls trip in Chicago during the winter, by all means skip this hotel. Our flight had us arrive about 8:00pm at the hotel on the Friday. We entered the hotel and the lobby was covered in people smoking and drinking and for a second we were so taken aback we couldnt find the check-in area. The people were sooo rude, we couldnt understand it. WE got to our incrrrrrrrrrrrredibly small room (with a nice view of the lake, I might add) but there was no where to put toiletries. The rooms have these awkward plantation shitters that close off the bathroom from the bedroom and unless u r with your husband that is a bit awkward from a privacy perspective. The &quot;Whiskey Sky Bar&quot; is on the top level of the hotel (which is pretty forgettable, is this really what people consider fun?) and guests of the hotel have to share the elevator with all of the patrons coming to the hotel to &quot;get their drink on&quot;. Yuck, my girlfriend unfortunately was the recipient of someones cocktail when he misstepped and lost his balance in the elevator. The spa was forgettable expect for the showers in the spa -AWESOME!!! but they serve you no brownies like they said in the add and there is NO COFFEE in that dang blab place- AWEFULLLLLLLLLLL!!!! I complained and wrote a detailed letter, do you know what I got back, an invitation to try them again- on my dime. ARE YOU KIDDING......apologize, give me a partial refund or even invite me back for a reduced rate, but just ask to come back again. DO NOT GO THERE EVER!!! Unless you really need a drink and can't afford one. Then step on the elevator, I am sure you will taste someone's alcohol!!!	
Jul 7 2009 	Never again. Easily described as "urban cheap."	Thankfully, we did not spend much time at the hotel. The room was small - we got shafted with two full beds, rather than a queen, two queens or a king. The bathroom is part of the room with a wooden sliding door. The cable went in and out. Our card keys had to be replaced several times - your card is required to use one of the few elevators and for entry into the fitness area. The fitness center consists of some treadmills, ellipticals, bikes, a set of dumbbells and several machines. There is only one free-standing bench and the ceiling is too short to do any standing exercises. There are no vending machines, only $6/bottle Fuji waters in the room, among other snacks, and over-priced room service. The hotel's web site talks about &quot;the moment when the sun sparkles through your window you awaken to the sky&quot; - even the cheap window shade would not go up. Chicago is an amazing city - staying at the W Lakeshore was the only negative aspect of our trip. If you care to try another W, stay at the W Chicago - City Center, an incredibly different hotel experience than at the touristy, poor attempt at a modern hotel, Lakeshore location.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great Hotel with a View	I stayed at this hotel for a few days for a girls spa getaway. We had a beautiful room with a gorgeous view. The spa was wonderful. Bliss spa let us use the sauna/steam room the day before our appointment because we didn't have time to use the facilities the day of our appointment. The hotel also offers free dvds rentals. Room service was a bit slow at times though. The concierge was very helpful with directions and dining suggestions but we weren't always able to reach them on the phone. We also took advantage of 2 free rides with their Acura promotion. The main downside was that the hotel was a little bit of a walk from the magnificent mile. Overall, we had a great relaxing time.	
Jul 6 2009	Hip hotel but pricey.	Had my wedding here last summer and was overall very pleased. I agree with the previous poster concerning room blocks. our group was spread out over a few floors. The guest rooms are clean and modern. The hallways aren't nearly as dark as the W citycenter.The suites are great. Large living room, great walk-in shower and sweeping views of Lake Michigan.	
Jun 22 2009 	stink stank stunk!!!!!	We went to Chicago for my best friend's daughter's wedding. They reserved a block of 15 rooms. Now, my understanding is a block is a group of rooms on the same floor or at least within a few floors of each other. Not in this case. NO ONE was on the same floor! Not the bride &amp; her bridesmaids, not the groom &amp; his groomsmen, not the family, nor friends! Before our arrival, the mother of the bride had requested coffee pots be in 3 of the rooms...ours, the grandparents, an uncle. This was confirmed in a email, there would be coffee pots upon check-in. NOT! The morning after our first night there, we called again to request a coffee pot. An hour later a gentleman arrived with a fresh pot of coffee stating he was sorry for the inconveniece and would get us a room coffeemaker ASAP. It finally arrived about dinner time. The bride had made &quot;welcome gifts&quot; for her wedding party that were to be placed in their rooms upon check-in. The hotel stated they would be happy to deliver, but there would be a $4 charge per item. No problem. However, while in the lobby, the bride noticed a man checking out that had, not one, but two of her welcome gifts! He was NOT a member of the wedding party! But she was sure charged for delivery! During booking, the mother of the bride had booked 2 Acura's for transportation purposes to the wedding. This too was confirmed by the hotel in an email. The day of the wedding, we called to confirm our Acura reservation and was told &quot;we don't have you down and we can't help you at this time.&quot; We then asked if they could call and get us 4 van taxi's for 5:00 as the wedding was to start at 5:30. They stated they would call right away. We went downstairs...no van taxis. Upon questioning the front desk we were told, &quot;uh, well, we called. Sorry....&quot; OH MY GOD!!!! The hotel is quite beautiful but the service STINKS!!! They don't even try to fix what is &quot;broken&quot;. They act as though they could care less if you are happy or not.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great Vibe - Great Hotel	Vibe of hotel is great. Love the chairs outside looking over the lake. Bars, upstairs and downstairs are both very W -- which is cool and trendy. Rooms are clean and updated. Highly recommend the hotel. My fave in the city (at this point).	
May 19 2009 	Best W in the Midwest	W Lakeshore is a great place to stay in Chicago especially during summer across from the beach! As a Gold SPG member, I always got a suite and late check out. Though the rooms could use some remodeling the staff and views are fantastic. From the GM to the room service, the staff is great. Bliss is great.	
May 14 2009 	Great hotel great location.	The hotel has a cool lobby and bar upstairs. The rooms are really nice and the location is great. You are in walking distance of many restaurants, shopping, etc.	
May 4 2009 	Old Holiday Inn turned into a W and it shows	Stayed here for the weekend to celebrate anniversary without traveling far. We always stay at Starwood properties and we got a great winter rate here so we thought why not. The lobby is well designed, large and comfortable. Unfortunately, the rest of the hotel isn't. The hallways are dark and confining and the rooms leave much to be desired. While I realize this used to be a budget hotel that the remodeled, it felt like it. The ceilings still had that popcorn stuff on it and the carpet felt worn and dirty. The bathrooms are small but nice and of course you have the great Bliss amenities. If you have a room on the lakeside of the tower you do have a nice view that many hotels in Chicago cannot offer. The one really great plus was the front desk. They found out it was our anniversary and when we returned from dinner they had a bottle of champagne and strawberries in our room. Nice champagne too, $125 on the room service menu. That was impressive. If you are going to Chicago and want to stay in a Starwood hotel or W the Westin River North and W Chicago City Center are better choices.	
May 1 2009 	The View Restaurant was terrible 	The View restaurant served the most horrible wine for $18/glass. I first tried the Pinor Noir, but it was horrible, so I switched to the equally disappointing Cab. Randy Gerber should be embarrassed to have his name associated with this place. I stayed at the hotel for 2 nights and there were glasses piled up outside the door adjacent to mine until the time I checked out.It was difficult sleeping because of the continuous overnight noise from Lakeshore Dr.	
May 1 2009 	Once is enough thank you.	I tried this place because I'm in Chicago on business all the time and wanted something different. The hotel has a very contemporary feel and is a little trendy. I found the staff generally helpful. The rooms were spacious and well kept, but I was put off by the $9.00 bottle of water by my bedside and the relatively high prices for room service. I chose to eat out mostly. The business center was nice once I finally found it, and the hotel seemed to be a pretty popular choice. The security after dark was a little annoying, asking everyone for their room keys before even letting you into the lobby (and this was at 7:00 pm). You need room keys just to go anywhere on the elevators anyway, so I thought this was a little excessive and made me wonder about their clientele. It was a clean hotel and a decent choice, but there are definitely better hotels downtown for the value.	
Apr 28 2009 	W Hotel - Staff is great!	I was in Chicago for business and spent an entire week at the hotel - I must say that my stay was great. Once the long day at the office was done - I walked everywhere. The staff was very helpful..the wakeup calls were on time, and my car was delivered to me at the door within minutes! Paying for parking and the internet is a given in downtown - but the view of the lake and the comfortable bed was wonderful!My Brit and Scots business partners love the W........next time I plan to stay longer and use the spa.	
Apr 24 2009 	Never failed to impress...	Recently stayed at the W Lakeshore for a conference and really enjoyed my stay. The rooms are always clean and the staff is very courteous. I think my favorite thing about this property is that it caters to younger, fairly affluent professionals. The lobby and lounge are nice to relax in without the headaches of &quot;tourists&quot; and convention road-warriors. Nice job W!	
Apr 17 2009	W Hotel not worth the price	This trendy hotel is very nice to look at and the rooms are cool but the staff does not care about customer satisfaction. The suits are not worth the price but the spa is outstanding. NEVER host a party there, the cost is very high and the service is horrible.	
Apr 17 2009 	W Lakeshore is my favorite hotel in Chicago	I go to Chicago a few times a year for a fun weekend. If the W Chicago is available it is my favorite place to stay.Pros: Exceptional staff, knowledgeable concierge and the &quot;whatever, whenever&quot; program is great. Great location walking distance to Lake Michigan and the shopping on Michigan avenue. Short cab ride to everything else. Well equipped fitness room with seperate cardio and weight machine areas. Bliss spa is great. Happening bar on top of the W and a nice casual bar in the lobby. Comfy beds and high end touches you would expect from a W.Cons: The rooms and beds are small.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great Price Great Location Decent Room Employees Could Care Less	This is a hotel geared to the younger crowd. I'm 40 and there were just a few guests older than me.I paid $150 per/night through Hotels.com and I got a &quot;Spectacular Room with a lake view. The decor is nice, it has a nice plasma TV, the view was nice. The room was clean. The best part of the hotel is its location which is only an 8-10 minute walk to all the attractions on Michagan Blvd or the Navy Pier. They also have a free shuttle that will take you anywhere within 5-miles. I found that that saved a lot of cab fare. The negatives are that you can hear people when they are walking/talking down the hallways (Although this usually only happened during hours when you would expect people to be awake. I was at the hotel for 5 nights and it only happened a few tiems.) I was never awakened in the middle of the night. I could hear the TV and people talking in the rooms next to me a few times during the day but it didn't happen at night so it wasn't disturbing.The curtain shades don't do a great job of keeping out the light and I found that it a little annoying in the morning when the sun came in through the sides of the &quot;Block-out&quot; blinds. I had this problem even when I pulled the other blinds down as well. The open shutter's from the bathroom to the bedroom are fine if you are alone as I am on this trip; however, would be a little uncomfortable if you are staying with someone as there is little privacy afforded when the shutters are closed.The staff treat you more as a number than as a guest. They are very distant.All in all, you get what you pay for. I got a very reasonable rate and feel that I got a good value for what I paid. If you are looking for a high end hotel this is not the place for you. If you are looking for decent decor, great location and clean room then you should be happy here.	
Mar 28 2009 	Very Nice Hotel	Its been a while since I stayed but wanted to write a review. When we first checked in it looked so trendy. The music they played in the lobby/ Living room was always upbeat tranquil. We had a room with the city view which was nice. The hotel did anything you would asked of them with no hesitation. The hotel was not far from the fair grounds which is probably a 10 to 15 minute walk. Other places I would suggest a cab or drive. I am from NY and attend the Cubs game that was also amazing. We hung out in the living room for drinks and relaxed. The concierge was also a great help with destination or places to eat for local Chi-town treats. In the future I would go back to this hotel. If you are not into the new hip trendy hotel with a club like atmosphere I would not recommend.	
Mar 22 2009 	Never Ever Again. Ever.	We never made it to the lobby. The stickily-but-sleepily friendly employees answering the phone with a straight face while spouting the enforced corporate tag: &quot;How may I make your dreams come true?&quot; are simply that-- corporate sheep being coralled as ordered.After doing quite a bit of research, my boyfriend and I found a reasonable rate online (which we checked literally nine times), but couldn't get the online system to book four consecutive nights in the same room. So we called the toll free number.The very nice guy on the reservation line took care of us, quoted the same quote we had found online, made it so we didn't have to change rooms-- it was great. He quoted our May dates back to us, we confirmed, all was well.An hour later, I get my confirmation e-mail, but instead of the reservation being for May, it was for THE FOLLOWING DAY in the month of MARCH. I immediately called back on the reservation line and was reminded this was a non-refundable reservation. I insisted we did NOT book a reservation for May so they said I had to call the hotel in Chicago. Upon my first two attempts, I was transferred BACK to the toll-free reservation line from the W Lakeshore's direct number. I finally learned I had to use a key phrase and ask for a certain executive title (which currently escapes me) to not get transferred back to someone at a toll-free number but instead someone within the hotel. Am I annoyed yet?Finally, I get another pleasant but useless person who says it's non-refundable. I say we're fine with that, we simply want the dates we requested in May. She says she doesn't know how to do that. So she can change one of the days of the reservation in the system but not the other three. Seriously?She needs to call me back. In the meantime, my boyfriend and I are panicking trying to figure out how to block a charged for a reservation on a date we didn't request. Eight hours later and more than a bit of anxiety and sweat, the last W Lakeshore employee I spoke with calls me to tell me they made a mistake and the room is DOUBLE-- YES, DOUBLE-- what they quoted us, but due to their mistake and the vast price difference, they will do me the &quot;courtesy&quot; (?!?!?!) of refunding the money. Gee, thanks.In the meantime, there's a restaurant convention in town that weekend (which is why they're jacking up their rates apparently) and the two other rooms at other hotels we were going to book-- but let go of because we had a confirmed reservation (confirmation number and all) from the W-- are now sold out. So is everything else.I write an e-mail to management at the W and am told they feel badly for screwing up our reservation so as a courtesy, they'll offer to let us pay $100 more a night for the room instead of double. As a courtesy.Am I crazy? Did they just screw us sideways and then offer to let us pay more-- AGAIN-- as a &quot;courtesy&quot;?I point this out in subsequent correspondence and am basically told I can take this version of customer service or leave it, and furthermore, they don't believe their agent did make a mistake (my boyfriend and I were both on the call, we made no mistake) or-- and they literally said this-- that this particular agent EVER makes a mistake.Is the customer always wrong at the W? Is a quote honored only if the reservation agent doesn't royally screw it up? And if the agent does, does the customer have the right to pay double for the agent's error or stick it where the sun don't shine?Yes. Yes. And sadly, yes.Never... and I mean... never again.	
Mar 21 2009 	Didn't disappoint	Just got back from our seven day trip in Chicago, it was our first time to visit and I wanted to share my review of this hotel, some great eating and sight-seeing places to go to and some mistakes that we made. First of, this hotel did not disappoint whatsoever. We found a great deal online to stay here and let's just say we either got really lucky or there was a fluke in the system. It's our first time to stay at a W hotel and we would definitely stay here again. I'm not sure if I'd pay for the normal price because it's a bit steep but if we find the same deal again or WHEN I become a multi-millionaire then definitely I would pick this hotel and location again. Things I liked about this hotel:1) Location - You're right in front of Lake Michigan and Navy Pier which is about a 5 min walk from the hotel. Michigan ave (or the Magnificent Mile) is about 5 or 6 blocks from the hotel. 2) Acura service - we didn't find out about this service until our 4th night there but Acura partnered with the W hotel to take guest from the hotel to anywhere within the city for FREE. You just have to fill in a marketing survey once and you can pretty much reserve as many times for them to drop you off at any location. Only thing is they don't do pick-ups so you either walk or take a cab back to your hotel.3) Great lobby - we got here on a Thursday and left on the following Thursday. The whole time we were there there was always something happening down at the lobby bar (even on a Monday). It seems to be the place where guests and locals hang out. It was a fun place to sit and hang around. 4) Staff and Concierge - The staff was very friendly and attentive. When we checked in, the lady at the desk gave us a free upgrade (17th floor lakeview). The W truly lives by the Whatever Whenever motto. They brought us everything we asked for at whatever hour (band aids at 8am, delivery menu's at 1am, whatever) and didn't expect a tip. At times, they dropped it off so quickly that I didn't even have a chance to tip. When I did, they were very appreciative.Things I didn't like about this hotel:1) Pricey cocktail drinks - it's like ordering drinks in L.A. granted their mojito is one of the best I've ever tasted and they're actually known for making good mojito's. I think it cost $11 for one.2) Whiskey Blue was fairly small and didn't have a DJ. More like a lounge.Chicago by far has the best eating places that can be found in any one city. Every place we went to...granted there was a lot of research done in our part...was phenomenal. One thing I would definitely miss about Chicago is the food. And we didn't even have the chance to try them all. Well, maybe next time.Great eating places that is a must try:1) Gino's East - definitely worth the 45-50 minute wait for your deep dish. We got the meaty legend. Love the New York style pizza and this one was pretty close. I've seen that they have several locations...not really sure which one was the original but we went to the one on the corner of Ontario and Wells. Don't forget to bring a marker as they allow you to tag their walls.2) Al's Italian beef - one of the best...if not the best Italian beef that's out there. Definitely need to get it w/ hot peppers and dipped in the sauce. They even deliver!!! 3) Ditka's - I'm pretty sure everything in the menu is good but the one we tried was the pork chop and NY strip steak. Perfectly cooked and seasoned. The Mac n cheese w/ bacon is an absolute must. Trust me. 4) Silver Palm - we saw &quot;No Reservations&quot; w/ Anthony Bourdain. If you've seen the Chicago show then you know which one I'm talking about. A little scared that it was all hype but the three little pigs sandwich was amazing. One piece of advice, make sure to ask for the gruyere cheese (our mindless waitress forgot to mention they offer it w/ gruyere and cheddar cheese) so we got the cheddar thinking it only comes with one kind. Oh and the onion rings were awesome too. 5) Le Bouchon - Located in Wicker Park/Bucktown. If you love French food you definitely have to go to this place. It is a hidden gem in a somewhat residential neighborhood. The place is very tiny and was always packed (We got there an hour before our reservation thinking we could be seated early but to no luck). So make sure to make reservations. Really good price. Three-course menu is about $25! On Tues, all items are available for the prix-fixe. The boudin noir is excellent. Things to see:1) Art Institute - Probably one of the best condensed collections of famous paintings we've seen so far. We've been to Metropolitan Museum in NY, Louvre Museum and Musee d'Orsay in Paris, and Getty Museum in L.A. But the Art Institute in Chicago was astounding. You must try to get here early as we got here late in the afternoon and there was not enough time to browse around and really appreciate the art. Definitely a must see.2) The Signature Room (Hancock Tower) - we wanted to see the city landscape and this is one of the best places to see it. You can also see the city view up in the Sears tower but you have to pay a fee to go to the observation deck (I think it's $15/person?? not sure) So instead of paying $15 to get a 10-15 min view why not put it towards food and cocktail where you can sit down and enjoy the view for 45 min. or more? Women, the view from the restrooms may be the best. Other tips when visiting Chicago:1) Taxi cabs - before going to Chicago we read in one of the guide books that the cab fare cost about $40-$50 from O’Hare to downtown, which we found reasonable since it's a 30 min. drive there. We could have taken the El train but with our big luggage’s during rush hour??? Not sure if it was a good idea. Our cab driver seemed nice and was telling us there were two ways to get there. The short route or the long route. Logically we chose the short route but he told us that even though it was shorter in route it will take longer because of traffic. So we opted for the best route he recommends. Well, when we got to the hotel our bill ended up being $80!!! We were shock at the cost and he reasoned the additional cost was for toll charges and blah blah blah. Well, we found later on that we pretty much had been duped. The concierge told us the cost should've been around $40 and there were no toll charges to be charge. He said that the cab drivers in Chicago own their cabs so whatever money they make goes entirely to them. And any additional charge is all up to their discretion. Best bet is to find out the cost for shuttles (make sure it's a flat rate) coz you don't want to be stuck in a traffic w/ the meter running. Or better yet make sure to pick Midway as your airport as it’s only 15 min. from downtown. We took the El train back to O'Hare around 5:30 in the morning. Definitely worth it coz the train was free and clear.  2) Do take the El train to go around the city – it only cost $5.75/person for a one day unlimited ride pass. It's definitely great if you’re planning to venture out of downtown. Things we didn’t like about Chicago:1) Poor transit layout. Not as effective as other cities like New York, London, and Paris. Very few trains run east/west.2) People were not as friendly as we thought they would be. Hope this helps.. =)	
Mar 12 2009 	Swank swank swank!	The W does scream &quot;swank&quot; - no doubt about it. I'm easily impressed by hotels that go the extra mile on this sort of stuff, so I was in heaven. They have an extremely clever marketing team that have done a incredible job of making the guest feel welcomed and special. Everyone I came in contact with was very helpful and aimed to please. The Whiskey Bar on the top floor is small but a great place to grab a drink at the end of the night. I'm not sure that it's worth the typical rate, but if you are looking for the &quot;wow&quot; factor and haven't been, it's definitely worth it.	
Feb 28 2009	4 out of 5 isn't bad	I set my parents up at W Lakeshore for their anniversary, just as a surprise. W takes the whole &quot;WOW&quot; factor to a new level. My parents were upgraded and sent a great martini amenity at check-in. I called to make sure all was okay, and happened to talk to Jenny Silvestri, and she totally surprised and delighted them. This made the experience from special to spectacular. Thanks to Jenny.	
Feb 20 2009 	It's True You Really CAN Dress Up a Pig	Like many have noted, the first impression of the W Lakeshore is all about the design - from the cute pillows on the oh-so trendy ottomans tucked inside the entrance, to the cascading orchids and curvy wood chairs in the lobby - it's all about the trendy decor. I've stayed at this hotel twice in the last two months, and I can say with certainty that all of the shimmery, velvety, meant-to-wow appointments in the lobby don't mean jack. The hotel is nothing special. If you can afford the “Whatever, Whenever” celebrity milk baths and bottles of Cristal in your fancy-smancy suite, then maybe it’d be better, but most of you will have an experience more like mine, checking into one of their regular rooms.On both of my trips, we pulled into the parking area and were not greeted, or welcomed. No one offered to help with bags. The lobby is nifty (though as someone else noted, some people may not like it at all - my mother, for instance, would squirm in a place that tries so hard to scream its &quot;coolness&quot;). Check in was efficient for both of my stays. We had a lake view room. The view of the lake and pier is nice, but there is something that looks like a water treatment plant taking up a lot of the view.There are issues with the room themselves too. It's your basic hotel room - entry with alcove closet (with no door) and no floor, so no where to store shoes really. There is a mini-bar, bathroom, and bed (s) with a desk across from it. There is the ubiquitous chair and tiny table, and that's that. As many have noted, there is an odd pass-through with shutters in the wall between the bathroom and rest of the room. The first time I stayed at this hotel, the shutters were broken, and would not stay closed. The second time I stayed here the shutters worked fine but the entire room steamed up the one time someone was able to take a shower that actually included hot water. The appointments in the room are Ikea like – inexpensive, but trendy, minimal and contemporary. But, add a flowery bedspread and take away the decorative pillow, and you could be in any motel/hotel anywhere. What they describe as a chaise is actually an armless chair.Sounds carry in the room, and listening to others using the toilet is not my idea of a good time. Speaking of noise, the walls seem very thin; sound carried from housekeepers in the hall, the people having sex next door, televisions and CD players. It was loud unless I turned my own TV on.There is no microwave in the room or coffeemaker (though you can get a coffee maker if you ask for it). When I did, I was sent one cup and nothing to stir with. I found the bathroom items to be OK in quality but small in size. They really don’t hold enough for more than one person. The way they promote their “sinkside six spa experience”, you really expect more. And that sums up what the real problem is with this place. They have clever marketers who know how to give everything a sheen of nice, making it all sound lux, but its lipstick on a pig. Useless. A good example is the bathrobe they leave in rooms. ONE bathrobe. Nice, but I wonder how many people feel irritated at having to call housekeeping to request a second one (for a tip). Better hotels think ahead about the things that really matter and don’t inconvenience their guests nearly as much as W.The beds are OK. I found them rather hard though I appreciated the abundance of pillows. They are mattresses set on boxes, constructed from what looks like plywood painted brown. Use care when approaching the bed since the frame goes all the way to the floor. We jammed our toes painfully into the side of the beds more times than I can count. Turns out there are reasons most beds have legs and a space underneath.Our window blinds broke in the down position, the chain coming off the track. The tub stopper completely came out of the tub when I tried to lift it out to drain water. Grout spilled from the tile into the tub whenever the shower was used. I noticed scuffs and wear and tear in almost everything in the room, though not horribly so. This place needs to pay more attention to the details that really matter.The local WGN TV channel doesn’t come in right, The repairman we called to try and fix it so we could watch a local hockey game said it’s been broken for years and gave us some lame excuse about why. Thing is, I live in the Chicago area, also have Dishnetwork and my reception is just peachy. We were offered a free movie to make up for the trouble (which was nice) but it was on our bill when we checked out. So, a freebie turned into another issue to deal with, another hassle.Someone mentioned how neat it was to come into the room for the first time to the CD playing, and that IS a nice touch, but not one they do for everyone. In both my stays, I was met with silence. Only one of the rooms even had the CD laying there. The music was awful too, very dance, frantic beat type stuff that I imagine someone in W Marketing loves and thinks really sets their tone. It just made me antsy and irritated. Contrasting this is another hotel I love (The Metro in Milwaukee) that also has a signature CD that they actually do have playing in every room upon check-in. It’s jazzy. It’s cool. It’s the kind of thing anyone would find enjoyment in and most of all it complements the décor and vibe so well that you truly do feel instantly transported to some chic yet soothing place. W’s music is bad disco at best and only made me wince. W Lakeshore also has a problem with their hot water. On both stays, at some point, they ran out of hot water so we had chilly showers (not fun in Chicago when it’s in single digits outside).The pool wasn’t open on one of my stays and we were not notified when we made the reservation or upon check in. When we complained to the manager, explaining that the entire reason for that trip was to give our daughter her birthday wish – time in a pool – we were told that some people had been given passes to the health club down the street. They must have been madder than I was, for no one made me such an offer. About the hot water in the room, she claimed engineering had checked and it was “fine”. Only after telling her how horrible I thought her attitude was did she even offer anything to compensate for our miserable stay – she said if we ever came back that she would inspect our room personally. Gee, thanks. If she actually did that for our second stay, I have no clue, but she missed the broken blinds and tub stopper, and forgot to turn that CD on.My second stay was more of the same. This time we ate at WAVE, the restaurant. Very nice décor, again, and the food was OK until we found something floating in my husband’s beer, and I found a bone in my duck croquettes. Service was slow and inattentive. The small plate concept leads to a lot of dishes when tables are not cleared. So I ended up eating with my elbows lifted to avoid dragging my sleeves through old dishes.Oh, and parking is $48 (robbery). The coordination between parking and the front desk isn’t very good. On my first visit, they hadn’t put the parking on the bill, so my husband had to run back inside, wait in line and handle it himself. Taxes are insane too. Bottom-line - stay here only if you are concerned mostly with how things look on the outside. If you want service, efficiency and a truly good hotel, look elsewhere.	
Feb 20 2009 	A Good Winter Retreat	We stayed at the W Lakeshore on January 2, 2009 for a one night romantic getaway. We were able to check-in to our room at 10am when we arrived (which was a nice surprise). Front-desk staff was polite but not overly friendly or welcoming. Our &quot;Spectacular&quot; room looked out at frozen Lake Michigan and had great views of Navy Pier (especially lit up at night). The room was clean and the size was adequate. The bed was comfortable and overall we had a pleasant stay. The fitness center was packed with guests using the equipment -- I've never had to stand in line to use a hotel fitness center before! The pool was closed for repairs (which I would have liked to know before my arrival) but we were given passes to the fitness club next door to the hotel. I didn't really enjoy walking in the January air with wet hair after swimming but I guess it was the best the hotel could do. We were awakened at 3am by loud conversations in the hallway, so I guess room soundproofing isn't the greatest. We enjoyed lunch at Fox &amp; Obel Cafe nearby, walked to Navy Pier to see &quot;Macbeth&quot; at Chicago Shakespeare Theatre, and walked to Michigan Ave for shopping. All were pleasant easy walks from the hotel (although they would have been more pleasant in the summer). Location was the biggest selling feature for us. Overall, a nice retreat but I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	
Feb 19 2009 	Great view - Good Location	I was pleasantly upgraded to a Lake view room, which is always nice.The room was comfortable, but here's a disclaimer. Because of the funky W styling, there are a set of shutters in a window that seperates the bathroom from the sleeping area. If you're traveling with a companion, this would not allow for much privacy, but if you're traveling alone it enables you to see the view of the lake while you're literally standing in your shower. The lobby bar area is fun, but seemed to close rather early.	
Feb 16 2009 	Nice - not spectacular	We stayed at the W Lakeshore for our anniversary, and booked their version of a romance package (champagne/chocolates/goody bag/late check out) Upon arriving at the hotel, the valet who assisted us certainly did not make us aware of the $48 parking charge, nor did the front desk agent who checked us in. I will admit that as a guest we have due diligence to make ourselves aware of that cost, but as a former Front Office Manager of another hotel, I certainly ensured that my staff would confirm guests had a vehicle parked and that the guest was aware of the charge. Regardless, at check in we were handed our goody bag. Five minutes after we arrived to our room, the chocolates arrived, and five hours later we had to ask about our champagne. Whiskey Sky was overpriced. Wave was great for people watching - though we felt ignored in the afternoon. And then there was the afternoon manager, I can only assume - as it was sometimes hard to determine who was an employee and who was not. - who was flitting about the lobby smacking her gum, certainly not saying hello to her guests. The room itself was very sexy - dark, romantic, comfortable. Bathroom needed some minor maintanence - one tile on the floor was very loose, with broken grout. Wallpaper near the door starting to curl, stand for the sink needs to be restained and sealed, as it is starting to show some wear. Minor stuff, but things that do need to be attended to. No coffee maker in the room, so if you care to have the morning cup o'joe and don't want to pay the super high room service charge, go down to the lobby - another thing that the front desk agent did not disclose. Bottom line - the stay was nice for us to just get away and celebrate our anniversary - however, this probably would not be my first choice. I am indifferent about the experience mostly because of the indifference from the staff.	
Feb 5 2009	W Hotel was AWESOME	I recently stayed at the W Hotel for my anniversary. I have stayed at almost every hotel in downtown chicago. The W Hotel was the best experience I have had at a hotel thus far. The view is superb, the staff was very nice, the valet had my car ready when I cam down, the Sip and Stay is an awesome deal. And above all the Manager went well above and beyond for my anniversary by providing us with aTop Notch room and even chapagne!!! AWESOME. The staff and especially management at this hotel made us have an awesome 9 year anniversay and we will definately return. Ignore any of the bad reviews because if I would have listeened to them I would have missed out on an awesome hotel. PS The pool has a view of Navy Pier and so does the gym. W= Wonderful Hotel.	
Jan 22 2009 	W- does stand for Whatever but not Wow!	Went to Chicago for the first time on a guy's weekend getaway. I had anticipated going for a long time even though it was winter, we are all from the south, so it's a nice change. We have W Hotels in our city, and have always had a good reputation, so seeing that Chicago had one right on the lakeshore we were all in. Hotel decor lived up to it's boutique reputation and the staff seemed accomodating, even moved us to a room overlooking the lake and Navy Pier. The problems arose with the rooms itself- very small and the bathrooms have no privacy being that they have sliding bamboo slats for doors and louvered window doors on the oposite wall. If your by yourself or with a significant other then it may not be an issue, but with mixed company it was awkward. Our second night we were invaded by a cheerleading group who were there for a competition....needles to say they did not sapre the expense on insulation- heard every word, in fact their phone rang and I reached to pick up mine. Bars within the Hotel are very pricey $15 for a mixed drink?? What this Hotel has going for it is the view and the location relevant to downtown and Michigan avenue- There are better Hotels out there for the same price, do your research.	
Jan 2 2009 	Rundown	I have been to the W many times before, and each time I was impressed by the cool interior and how sophisticated it was. WAS. It is so rundown, peeling wallpaper, dirty hallways, not to mention how much you could hear the people next door. It was really awful. The lobby, VERY loud in the evening, and the clientelle has definitely changed from the yuppy 20 somethings to something else not so great. We won't be back.	
Dec 29 2008 	What a Disaster	Booked and prepaid for two nights through hotels.com for $300 per night several days before my arrival. Arrived at 4:30pm and was promptly told that the hotel was oversold (even though there were several people checking in who received rooms after I arrived), they said there were no rooms available in downtown Chicago and they attempted to relocate me to the Westin O'Hare (a $99/night property). I told them that wasn't reasonable for several reasons: I had a dinner that night downtown, an early meeting the next day, etc. Traveling back to O'Hare, then back to the city multiple times was just not fair nor reasonable. I insisted they had an obligation to find me a comparable room in a comparable location. They said sorry there was nothing they could do. After two hours of sitting in the loud lobby I secured a room downtown with my effort and at my expense. The hotel should be embarrassed and ashamed to walk guests who have prepaid for rooms and if they do they should bend over backwards to find alternative accommodations. The W Lakeshore did nothing of the sort. I emailed the GM afterwards, who was very apologetic and offered me two free nights at the hotel on another occasion, which was generous. I have such a bad taste in my mouth about this place I probably will never attempt to stay there again. With so many terrific hotels in Chicago, can't see why anyone would go out of their way to stay here. I did have colleagues at the hotel at the time, saw their rooms, and they were nothing special. This is an old Holiday Inn dressed up with furnishings from Target.	
Dec 25 2008 	Spectacular.	This property is beautiful. We stayed in a Spectacular King Room (which meant we had a view of the lake) The ONLY thing I did not like about the room was the instead of having a door to the bathroom, it was more of a screen. Not as private as a bathroom should be! EVERYTHING else about the room was amazing! (of course, W Hotels are all amazing)A few amenities of the hotel I have not seen at other W Hotels are the pool and the Spa. Unfortunately, the pool was closed for maintenance while we were there. We didn't make it to the spa. The boutique on site is a must for shopping - i did my x-mas shopping here. I was able to find plenty of unique gifts. Check out the bar on the 33rd floor. It has AMAZING views of Chicago. It is a beautiful space full of beautiful people.ALSO Check out the Acura booth at thte hotel. Instead of taking a cab, you can book an Acura to cruise you around town!!	
Oct 28 2008 	reasonable option for Chicago business travel	Pretty well executed for a W. A bit out of the way for business or high-end leisure travelers, but always plenty of cabs to make up for that. Good service at the Port Cochere and check in. Lobby and lobby bar a bit tight and everyday for a W. Room (lakeview and high floor) was typically sized and had the Starwood bedding one expects. Bathrooms were what they were -- great for a solo traveler, not ideal otherwise. Walls thin as paper -- I was prepared to have to have security bounce out the room next door's guests, but they were respectful enough to move upstairs to the bar by a reasonable hours. Exhorbitantly priced Starwood internet service skipped. Room service adequate, other services not tested.Top points: a very spacious and very well equipped gym. One of the best hotel gyms I've been to in a while -- all the basics, no spa frippery either.	
Oct 27 2008 	Great Hotel If You Get A Good Rate!	This is also one of those &quot;super swank&quot; hotels as I call them. The decor is ultra modern and the door service is very good (not nearly as good &amp; polite as &quot;The James&quot; though). The room is a decent size, great flat screen plasma in the room, nice view of Lake Michigan, and super modern design. Bed is comfortable and there's a decent sized desk area for the business traveler and nice area to kick back, relax and watch some TV. I got a deal through Starwood where I was able to fork over something like 1,000 points (which is very minimal) and pay something like $140 per night for the room.I consider this hotel worth anything under $250 a night based on others in the area...above that, there are better hotels out there (unless everything is really jacked up in the area for a big event). If I had paid something like $400 a night like some of the other reviewers...I would give this place a terrible rating, but at roughly $200 per night, I think it's a great place to stay if you want to be super hip &amp; trendy!In the end, the bed &amp; pillows are always great @ the W, these rooms are nice, the decor is ultra modern, the lounges are super hip, and the place always has that young New York/LA style hip-hop vibe to it.	
Oct 24 2008 	practically perfect	This W made me feel like Goldilocks: it was just right. Fantastic location - just far enough from Michigan Avenue and Navy Pier - fantastic City and lake views, all the usual W comforts, and a friendlier staff than the usual W hipper-than-thou crowd. We wouldn't think of staying anywhere else next time we're in town.	
Oct 18 2008 	Great View so so Hotel	We stayed 4 nights at the W lakeshore in Aug 2008. As big W fans we were really looking forward to staying here. We have stayed at at least a dozen W Hotels but put this one quite low on our list exept for the great view. The Lobby was so busy when we checked in we could not get near the desk. Front desk staff was not in a good mood that day. When I asked if I got my Platinum upgrade she snapped at me and said &quot;I got ya a good view and thats it ,we are busy OK&quot;. Nice start. The room was very small and the shower was so dark I felt I was in a closet with the lights off. Room run down a bit and the worst thing was the ancient air conditioner that sounded like a truck with no muffler. We loved Chicago and used www.sneakysunday.com to choose our dinners and bars. I have to tell you it was right on! My trip would not have been near as good if I did not use sneakysunday. It is a non biast web site that chooses the coolest places to go . And Chicago has come of the coolest! So I think next time in Chicago I would pick another Starwood Hotel. The W just did'nt live up to W standards.	
Oct 1 2008 	RUDE SERVICE!!!	What a nightmare!!! This place charges 479.00 plus tax for a room the size of a box. I chose this hotel because they boasted they were the only hotel in that area that was on the lake. We got a lake view room. I couldn't believe my eyes...the room was so small and there were 3 windows that started 4 1/2 feet up the wall. Unless you were right at the window the view was of the clouds. There aren't any coffee/tea machines in the room so if you want coffee you must go down to the lobby. The bathroom and bedroom and separated by shutters so if you are looking for privacy, again this is not for you. We had a family issue on the way to the hotel. When we arrived right after checking in I informed them that we may have to leave the next day because we had a family situation. Later that evening I called down and told them that indeed we would have to go. They said that they would have to charge us $100 early departure fee. I was mad and went down to talk to someone. Downstairs a manager said that no, it was not $100 but $479 plus tax for early departure. My husband got the manager and explained that we had to leave due to circumstances beyond our control. She was obnoxious stating their rules and that she could knock it down to $150. She did not even ask if all was okay but rudely said, &quot;Well, what is your emergency?&quot; There was not one ounce of sympathy for our situation. After he returned to the room I then called down and spoke to the same rude manager and she finally said we owe nothing for our early departure. I am sorry but that is not good service. We will never stay there again. We have been to many W hotels and NEVER have had this experience.	
Sep 22 2008 	Make sure you ask for lake view room	The hotel itself is a typical W - very cool lobby, chic bar, nice outside sitting area. The rooms themselves are tiny and the bathrooms provide zero privacy because of the shutters that they installed between the room and the bathroom. The beds are amazing. Unfortunately, we got stuck with a &quot;city view&quot; room, which translates to looking onto a roof of a building and the pavement below. If you go to the top floor however you can check out the view of the lake.	
Aug 17 2008 	Average Hotel Experience	We stayed at the W Lakeshore the second weekend in August for three nights. All in all, it was a pleasant--but relatively average--hotel experience.Positives*Cool Decor*Great Bliss spa products in the room*Staff was helpful--when someone cut in front of us in the check-in line, we complained to the staff and were given free drink coupons*The &quot;Whenever, Whatever&quot; Desk was helpful when we needed to know more about Chicago attractions*Comfortable bedsNegatives*Not enough elevators--expect a decent wait during peak times*Bathroom was small and DARK--very hard to accurately apply makeup in this space*Bathroom also had an odd shower configuration--the shower had a wall on one half of the open side, with the other side COMPLETELY open--no curtain, nothing--so stuff on the floor gets wetAll in all, this was nicer than one of those chain hotels with ugly bedspreads and curtains (in fact, the purple bedspread in our room was one I'd love to have at home). But, if you are expecting an &quot;over the top&quot; experience, this falls a little short. The hotel had been part of another, less-expensive chain before, and it shows. The hotel would like to be &quot;rock star,&quot; but comes across more as &quot;American Idol&quot; than true star, if that makes sense.	
Aug 14 2008 	Nice place but not nice enough for the money	My husband and I stayed at the W for one night and had a good stay. The room view was fair...not of the lakefront though which was disappointing. Although the bathroom setup has taken quite the beating on these reviews my husband and I loved it. It was different from any where else we've ever stayed. Overall the room was nice, clean. However there was an adjoining door to another room and you could hear everything..very paper thin walls. We wanted to get room service but the charges were outrageous when we just spent 250.00 for one night. Great place for young singles, friends, romantic getaways but would definetly not recommend it for say my parents or grandparents. The lobby was a bit loud for thier taste but fine for us.	
Aug 12 2008 	Good experience overall	Overall we had a great stay at the W Chicago Lake Shore. Some positives - View and proximity to Navy Pier are great. The decor of the hotel is really done well. Beds are the most comfortable I've ever slept in. The service and staff were above average. Negatives - ask for a room without a connecting door - we could hear every word the people in the next room were saying. Luckily we had very different schedules so it wasn't too much of a problem. Also - I would have to agree with the other comments about the bathroom. Although it is a neat look, there leaves little to the imagination with the window between the bathroom and rest of the room. It was about 4-5 blocks from the Magnificent mile, so if you want to stay right in the thick of things this might not be the hotel for you. At night on the weekends, the beuatiful people do come out. The lobby turned into a clubby atmosphere which really isn't my thing.	
Jul 31 2008 	Great Surprise Weekend in Chicago	We are starwood preffered guest members and got a rate of 129 for a saturday night so we jumped on it for a quick getaway. We arrived to a 7th floor lakefront view and a great little room. The hotel looked really nice. The lobby was really cute, as most W's are, and the gym looked amazing. Pool didn't look too bad either but we didn't use it. WE had drinks at the bar and the bartenders were great. We went to see a show so we took a cab. When we got back later that night they had a DJ in the lobby so we had a few martinis. We went back up the room and ordered room service which was just find until there was a long blonde hair actually inside my burger which ruined the meal. The next day we had breakfast in the lobby restaurant which was excellent, and then we went to the spa and each had an 80 minute treatment that was excellent. The spa was very nice and I took advantage of all the locker room amenities. Overall it was very nice, minus the roomservice mishap. The rooms are very modern but clean. The only major flaw was that the room is small to begin with and the put slat wood sliding doors and a window on the bathroom, so there isn't much privacy. I laughed that the mini bar had emergency contraception supplies next to a W teddy bear, as well as room service breakfast that was fruit, whipped cream, chocolate syrup, champagne, and hold your calls for an hour for $150.	
Jul 30 2008 	Stayed here 5 years in a row and loved it	For the past five years we have booked 3-4 rooms at the W-lakeshore for our yearly (sometimes bi-yearly) shopping vacations. We love the view, and the atmosphere, and the location. We are always catered to and the service is very kind.The hotel rooms are cleaned and well cared for. And if we want an upgrade they almost always upgrade us right away, and if not they offer it a day or so after we have arrived.We travel with6- adults1- teenager2-childrenLast year we even met snoop dogg who was staying at the hotel.	
Jul 17 2008 	Great Hotel - Nice View	I stayed at the W Chicago Lakeshore while traveling for business during a packed convention week. The hotel is very modern and exactly what you would expect from a W hotel. The room had dark furnishings and the most comfortable bed with tons of pillows. The bathroom was modern yet compact with an interesting french door window opening to the room which made it feel more spacious. The closets and storage were abundant and very well organized. The hotel is literally on Lakeshore drive near the Navy Peir, which has shopping and several restaurants. It's a short walk to Michigan Ave and more shopping and restaurants. The lobby is very cool with several lounge areas, a bar and an excellent restaurant. There is also a very popular nightclub on the top floor.Overall I was impressed with the location and really liked the hotel.	
Jul 17 2008	Sexy Hotel	This hotel is recommended for young couples looking for an energetic hotel with club scene and trendy bar. The hotel is contemporary with flare. Beware the room bathrooms do not have doors for privacy, only shutters that do not lock, so if you are a private person request the handicap room. Location is awesome. Walking distance to the Navy Pier through an underground walkway (about 2 blocks distance). Chicago city life is awesome and a great place to have a romantic getaway! Hotel is upscale, but rooms are slightly older. View is awesome to the lake. Food is way too expensive ,but you can eat breakfast at Egg cafe just 2 blocks to the right. Beware of parking fees. Get a deal with parking included.	
Jul 13 2008 	Get-a-way to Chicago	My wife and I spent two nights at W Lakeshore. This was the first time I have ever stayed at a W hotel. We both had a wonderful time. Lobby: The Lobby was great, we arrived at 3:30 p.m. local time and there was no wait. Desk help was very helpful explaining anything we needed to know about the hotel. The lobby bar was great as well, I spent some time there when my wife used the spa. You can even bring your drinks out on the front sidewalk to sit and look out at the lake.Room: Nice city room. We had a King room facing the lake. The view was great. I liked the spa bathroom. Some may be put off by the shutters and open theme. After ten years together it was fine for my wife and I. Very clean and great housekeeping service.Location/Extras: Great location. We walked to shopping and dining on Michigan Ave, and Navy Pier is close as well. There is a 7/11 and Starbucks one block to the West if you don't want to raid the expensive mini bar. They offer free Acura car service anywhere in the city (one way). Drinks are expensive both in the lobby bar and Whiskey Sky, but that is what you get in a city. Smoke is no longer a problem (When will Michigan ever get rid of smoking?) My wife was happy with her massage at the Spa located in the hotel.We were both very pleased with the W Lakeshore. I'm sure it is not as nice as Trump or the Park Hyatt, but it does not cost nearly as much. If you are a 20-40 something (or still live life like you are) then book here. You will enjoy it.	
Jul 9 2008 	Very Pleasant Stay	I took a friend of mine to Chicago for a night of R&amp;R and we would most certainly go back! Although I read a lot of poor reviews when doing my online research I still chose the W for various reasons. Fortunately, I realize a majority of those who post here are completely disgruntled and need a place to vent.. and typically 90% of those who are disgruntled are normally hard to please anyhow. I have high-end taste but also realize the W is NOT the Waldorf Astoria. The W Lakeshore is a boutique hotel...meaning it is NOT your standard Holiday Inn, Marriott, etc. The decor is considered somewhere between modern and &quot;zen-ish&quot;. Although the lobby area is a little congested, we knew we didn't plan on staying in the lobby all night anyhow... ;) A few days before we arrived - I received a &quot;welcome email&quot;. The email suggests if you have any &quot;wish&quot; to make your trip even more joyful, to please contact the &quot;Whatever/Whenever&quot; desk. I thought it would be nice to have a bottle of wine delivered to the room while we were getting ready for dinner to &quot;unwind&quot;. I received a response the same day indicating we were upgraded to lake view accomodations and would have a complimentary bottle of wine awaiting us at 5pm. (WHICH WE DID!)Acura also has a program with the W - which provides complimentary car service to any place you want to go. We were picked up at 7pm by a driver in an amazing Acura MDX. We felt like we were being chauffered in luxury (and we WERE compared to the taxi service!). The following morning we decided we wanted a later check out then 1pm (their standard checkout time) and they graciously honored us a 3pm checkout with no issues at all. The W was VERY accomodating. As long as you check your attitude at the door, realize that its a HOTEL and again.. not a PENTHOUSE stay... the staff are very helpful, pleasant and will do everything in their power to make your stay a memorable one. YES... the bathroom DOES have a sliding door and a window that faces the sleeping area covered by shutter doors... unless your an absolute prude who needs complete privacy... I found the change delightful and interesting. I also loved the complimentary Bliss Spa prodcuts! :) I really liked the extra high beds as well. They were very comfortable and loved the pillowy effect. My ONLY complaint regarding our stay is that when the air conditioning fan seemed to automatically turn off - it would get a little muggy before it would switch back on.. and the hall leading to the elevator was a little muggy as well. I wouldn't consider this a big enough issue to allow it to ruin my stay or my opinion of the W!	
Jun 22 2008 	TERRIBLE experience ghastly design flaws	We just returned from a trip to Chicago, where we stayed at the W Lakeshore. The location of the hotel is pleasant, overlooking (as its name suggests) beautiful Lakeshore Drive and Lake Michigan. The atmosphere, especially downstairs, is about what you might expect from W properties, a veneer of swankiness complimented by thumping techno music and a bar scene that befits a eurotrash pick up bar more than a hotel lobby. When we arrived, bleary-eyed from a red-eye from the west coast, this was not the sort of greeting we wanted but we accepted it as the W brand. Fine. The rooms, however, showed the the swankiness and design consciousness of the brand is just a veneer that masks some rather awful, poorly thought out design choices that run counter to the &quot;Whatever-Whenever&quot; comfort philosophy espoused by every staff member from the front desk to the room service servers. First, the bathrooms. As other reviewers have pointed out, the bathroom is separated from the bedroom by a shuttered window. The idea behind this design is understandable, sensible, and shared by a number of many a luxury hotel (such as the Park Hyatt in Chicago or the St. Regis in San Francisco) -- while you take your bath or shower, you can look out both onto your lovely, tastefully appointed bedroom as well as a splendid view of the city. In execution, the W falls flat on its face. The above-mentioned hotels that share this design concept use a sliding partition that can block out the sound of the bathroom at night; the shutter system used in the W rooms does nothing to block out sound and the problem is compounded by the fact that the toilet (at least in our room, though I know it is a feature in most rooms) is not located behind its own door. So, lets say you're trying to fall asleep in your lovely bed and at say, 3 a.m. your significant other has to get up and use the bathroom -- you'll hear everything he/she does. Some might call this intimacy; we thought this terribly off-putting. When we raised this issue with the hotel staff, they apologized but said that all rooms were like this and that this was part of the hotel's charming, design-forward aesthetic. Our response: is this aesthetic scatalogical? The second problem, is the a/c system. While we had set the temperature to a usually comfortable 68 degrees at night, we woke up numerous times overheated. I kept running over to the thermostat to try to ensure that the system was working. We understandably called a maintenance person, who informed us that the a/c system is controlled by a motion sensor. Being from green-conscious California, the idea of saving energy through motion-sensing technology is a good concept and we applaud the W for that effort but, once again, the design was flawed. If you are in the room, the lights are out and you're in bed sleeping, this means that there is no motion in the room. So, no matter how low you set the temp, you'll be burning up around 3am. In sum, we would only recommend this ill-conceived and poorly re-developed property to someone who got a rate for well-under the advertised rack rate. For all the design flaws (and we only mentioned two), the regular room rate should not be around $300 in the summer. This hotel is a blemish on the Starwood brand. If you're already paying $300 for a regular king-sized bed for two people at the W, save yourself the aggravation and stay at a nicer property (and in Chicago, there are plenty).	
Jun 9 2008 	eh..	We stayed in what is billed as a &quot;spectacular room&quot;The view certainly was.. The room.. stylish but small for 300 night.The lounge downstairs had only one server the night we went andthe concierge left early as well, There was a skeleton crewpretty much everywhere after 10. We enjoyed the atmosphere, ie furnishings, but this hotel needs work on consistency. Some of the employees were great, others not so great.I would have been happier if it didn't cost so much and deliver so little.	
May 31 2008	an okay experience	My partner and I stayed at the W Chicago Lakeshore for a night at the end of May in 2008.We stay at W hotels a lot, and we know what to expect from them. In contrast to other W hotels in general, we found the staff to be adequately professional, knowledgeable and friendly, but we did not get the &quot;wow!&quot; experience that the W always talks about from any of them. We had made a special request that they obtain a Wallpaper guide to Chicago for us in advance of our arrival, and they came through on that with flying colors. I want to give them credit for that, as it is not a standard request. Yet we were not blown away by the staff's knowledge, professionalism, nor the anicipation of our needs and wants as we have been at other W hotels...including the W Chicago - City Center.We appreciate a friendly bellhop that bothers to ask what we're doing in town, if we're looking for anything special, makes suggestions, and takes the time to show us where things are in the room. At the W Chicago - Lakeshore, we just got the, &quot;here's your room, there are your bags&quot; treatment. Okay, but not impressive.The rooms are beautiful, although a bit small. We had a lake view room and it was nice, but I didn't find the view to be all that spectacular. The privacy in the bathroom isn't much, because there is an open window between bathroom and bedspace, and as another reviewer commented, it's only closed off by wooden shutters.The design of the public areas is quite lovely, especially the bathrooms in the lobby area, which offer floor-to-ceiling opaque glass so that you can see ghostly figures between the men's and women's bathrooms (only by the handwashing sinks). The lobby is rather small for a W Hotel, so we were disappointed upon going downstairs at around 7 pm to have a drink in The Living Room (the lobby) that there was no room for us to do so.The one feature that did impress us was the restaurant. They were offering Pan-Asian specials when we were there, and the wait staff was top notch. It's not cheap, but what we had was worth it. We booked a one-day stay at the Lakeshore to check it out and then booked the remaining two nights of our stay in the W Chicago - City Center because it was cheaper. We thought we'd be missing the W Chicago - Lakeshore after what we'd read about the City Center's small rooms and dark lobby, but we were very glad that we had booked our two night stay at the City Center instead. The location of the W Chicago - City Center is much better for doing things downtown, their staff seems much more personable and capable, and their concierge department is out of this world. The interior design is opulent, using projections on the high ceilings and large glass vases holding strings of orchids in water.If one is trying to decide between the W properties in Chicago, I would suggest booking a larger room at the City Center, as the small rooms are apparently very, very small. Still, I bet you can get a larger room for less at the City Center, and it is a lot more W-ish than is the Lakeshore...if you go for all that funky W kind of stuff.	
May 30 2008 	Who Puts a Window in the Bathroom that Faces the Beds?	Okay, I've stayed in some run-down places but come on W! I expected much more than a window with shutters in the bathroom that opened into the bedroom, right next to the bed! Who designed that? Were they thinking when they did that to the room? To the bathroom? A bathroom is a sanctuary of peace and private business doing, not a place where everyone and their mothers can hear and smell (sorry people!) everything you do! I can't tell you how many times my companions and I talked about using the facilities up stairs. COME ON! W, you are not what you claim to be. I was totally uncomfortable. Oh and thanks for putting horrible air conditioners that ran loudly all night. Ugh, never again!!!!!!!	
May 29 2008	a very expensive disappointment	My husband's secretary booked us at the W because of the view of the lake right across the street. The photos on line looked trendy and appealing so we were excited.When we arrived it must have been prom night, making the lobby pretty chaotic. The front desk rep. was cavalier when she told us we weren't getting a lake view room after all. No further explanation was offered. Instead, she said, we would get a &quot;city view.&quot; (This turns out to be a euphemism for a view of the office building directly behind the hotel and a roof top full of exhausts.)Our room was a huge disappointment! It was very small and had no real privacy between the bathroom and bed area, just wooden shutters! The bathroom had no exhaust fan, no heat lamp, and the lighting was ridiculous. Good luck putting on make up. One robe was provided for two guests.The beds were solid to the floor (watch your toes) and too high up. There were no blankets, only a sheet with a bedspread.There was no decor to speak of, just a ceramic cup with pods sticking straight up and one small frame on the wall with several vertical sticks inside. There were no lamp shades, only strips of cloth hanging from the wire frames. Bizarre!The snack bar items were not priced but we found out they were very pricey, along with everything else at this hotel. A poached egg and two orange juices set us back over $30. We ate at their lobby restaurant, The Wave, which has a modern look and sound. The food was extremely expensive and only mediocre. My glass of house champagne was $15.We had a rough time sleeping due to the noisy on and off all night of the cooling system and the loud slamming of the hall doors during the night. I imagine a lake view room would partially offset the negatives of this hotel but we'll never know. We're not about to go back!	
May 27 2008 	Great Place	I was pleasantly surprised after reading the reviews. The W was very nice, we had a great lakeview room with loads to do within walking distance. The Whenever/Whatever is a great feature of the hotel. The room had a DVD and there was a list of about 200 titles to choose from at no charge. This kept our kids busy while my husband &amp; I were out at night.Chicago &amp; the Navy Pier were a great place to visit for a long weekend.	
May 23 2008 	W Chicago = Watch Out! --This place is awful!	I will echo every bad review ever written for the W Lakeshore in Chicago, and then some. When the cab dropped me off on Friday night I thought I had walked in the wrong door as there was a full on club scene going on. Only when I walked in a few more feet did I realize that the lobby of the hotel also doubled as the bar/club/concierge stand. (As a matter of fact, when I walked in on Saturday night I immediately was met with several people screaming “watch out, watch out!”, to look down and see that I was standing in a puddle of broken glass and someone’s cocktail. ) So I didn’t like the lobby, ok. Let’s talk staff. The maintenance staff was super nice and friendly as was our waitress each morning at breakfast. Every other employee that I interacted with was rude, off-putting, and a snob. Really? You work in a remodeled Days Inn! Check yourself! Ah, but this is all just common areas, isn’t the W known for their beautifully decorated rooms, comfortable beds, Bliss product, etc? Well remember, this is really a remodeled Days Inn so the rooms are SMALL, not much room to get around, and the beds are raised up super high. I’m 5’8 and I still had a difficult time getting in and out of bed (no, I’m not elderly either). Although very pretty, and of course—who doesn’t like Bliss product, the regulated heat/air conditioner unit went off every 30 minutes all night, for the first 2 nights I was there. You know that generator humming noise? Yep, that’s it. The 3rd and final night it didn’t turn off at all, I was awake all night. And yes, every morning I asked that someone go in and adjust the unit so I could get some sleep. With rolled eyes, “Yes, sure. We’ll take a look at it today”. Maybe they did, maybe they didn’t, all I know is that I was exhausted. I spent $500 a night at this hotel and I couldn’t sleep! I love Chicago and will keep visiting but I will NEVER stay at this hotel or even meet a friend for a drink. Awfull!	
May 20 2008 	The "W" is Not a Winner	This is the most guest unfriendly hotel i have ever stayed at and not one professional among the staff! It was as though everyone was untrained in the business. Half hour to hour long waits each day for the concierge, bad disco greeting you at the door - ( you know that it's bad when you hear Alvin the Chipmunk over a droning ostinato of disco). No complimentary water for 500. per night- poor lighting in the rooms ( impossible for makeup)- and the rudeness of the staff who were sure they were &quot;the Chosen&quot; for working in this very Hip joint were just a few of my complaints. The bartender scowled at me for asking for ice water when i came in sweaty from a 4 mile run and without eye contact slammed the glass down about 5 feet away from my reach and shot me a look of death when i reached for a piece of lemon. When i related the incident to the manager she was not able to listen because she was the only person in the lobby who could tag luggage and was busy at the moment. At breakfast i stood in line in back of a couple who were seated immediately by a waitress who never bothered to tell me that I was standing in the wrong place and that there was a hostess station behind the pillar. I remained invisible and only by luck saw a hostess who then informed me of a twenty minute wait for a table while i watched her seat walk-ins within 5 minutes from the bar where i resigned myself to ordering and eating a very cold bowl of oatmeal without salt or sugar or water served with it as I watched INCREDULOUSLY the lack of help by the staff toward an elderly man that could not manage the steps with his walker (the lobby is not handicapped equipped) and the GUESTS jumped in to assist him . The Bell boy must have stacked 20 pieces of luggage on top of each other and just kept taking more and more for fear of lost tips without any regard to laptops falling or anyother sensitive items that might have been damaged. It was a totally untrained staff. The lobby is set up so that guests coming in through the doors and exiting out through the doors intersect the guests spilling out of the elevators at the same time that they will inevitably bump into the lines waiting for the concierge and the baggage that is being loaded onto the carrier. There simply is no room to do business here in this lobby. A VERY POOR DESIGN!!!! The chamber maids and the staff behind the scenes were very responsive and polite and made up for the lack of management all the way around. This place is understaffed-undertrained- and full of itself!!!!	
May 19 2008 	Not what we expected	I had to be in Chicago for business so we decided to spend a romantic weekend and explore the city. We have been staying in a W hotel before, kind of liked to concept and thought to give it a try in Chicago. Frankly, it was a bit of a mistake. The check-in was efficient but we did not end up getting the requested room, no king size, but two (small) queen size beds.... Beside that, the room was quite spacious and nicely designed, loved the iPod interface! The downside was that the place is VERY bad isolated. As we had a room with connecting doors we could here everything. Really bad. This hotel has also a Pet OK policy which is really a problem. On Saturday morning we woke up at 08.00am from a barking dog. I gave a call to the whatever/whenever service and they promised security would do something about it. Well, after 30min the dog was quiet. Unfortunately on Sunday morning we had to go through the same ritual again... When checking out I made a remark on this horrible experience and the answer was &quot;O, I am sorry&quot;. The lady was totally not interested in the feedback nor ensuring that we would leave with a happy feeling.The W chain has been enjoying a too long ride as &quot;The&quot; design hotel chain and must ensure to keep the quality up. While we liked the design part of the hotel, the total package was ruined by horrible front desk experience, the non-isolated rooms and a barking dog for 2 days in a row starting at 08.00am.	
May 19 2008 	Everything you expect from a W Hotel	If you have ever stayed at a W Hotel then the W Chicago Lakeshore will not disappoint. I've stayed various W Hotels in NYC, San Francisco, etc and do so for the modern, hip style and happening bar scene. If you prefer a more business-type or relaxing hotel, you might want to look somewhere else.Location - It was my first visit to Chicago and found the W to be very centrally located to everywhere I went. I found everything to be a 20 minute or less walk. Only cab I needed was to the airport.Lobby, Bar &amp; Restaurant - Yes, the lobby is busy and loud. Pretty much all day, every day. But I never had a problem with the front desk, or getting a drink at the bar. Ate at the restaurant on Friday night, which was okay. I recommend eating out some where else (if you can).Room - My room looked just like the pictures, so no surprises there. Room is not small, but no big either. It was pretty close in size to hotel rooms in NYC and San Fran. Bed was comfortable and TV had good selection of channels. There is also a DVD player and clock radio with Ipod hookup. Not a lot of closet space, but enough for a weekend stay. Newspaper was delivered outside the door every day.Service - Along with the vibe, W hotels are known for their service, and the W Chicago Lakeshore did not disappoint. Everyone I encountered was friendly and helpful. I especially enjoy the W's &quot;whatever, whenever&quot; service. On Saturday evening before dinner I called asking if the hotel had any sugar-free redbull. They said they don't carry it, but would get me some. About 30 minutes later, 3 cold cans were delivered to my door. The charge on the bill was less than $10, delivery included. I was told they can fill almost any request, for a price.Overall - I enjoyed my stay at the W Lakeshore and would definitely stay there again.	
May 18 2008 	Awful front desk service	The noise level in the lobby due to the thumping music was the first thing that struck me and the customer service was awful.The lobby is very loud and compact with the bar and restaurant right there. Hotel is geared to the under 30 set which I left years ago. They did not honor my request for a king bed when we checked in. The room next to us had an adjoining door with our room and a very young child who cried quite a bit. We requested another room - with a king bed and no adjoining door - that afternoon but we were told they were sold out. The next morning we renewed the request - but they were not accommodating until I told them we would be checking out early. They informed me that we would have to pay for our entire stay because we used Quikbook.com, but they would try to get us a new room. I called Quikbook's customer service, which was excellent. I did not repay and they did not require full payment. Their representative called the hotel and 15 minutes later we were given a new room.The concierge desk was very helpful.Overall, I will never stay at a &quot;W&quot; again.	
May 9 2008 	Not a business class hotel	The hotel has the W veneer, but under that is a not very good business class hotel. This property was converted from a Days Inn, and it shows. While on the surface, the property has all of the exuberant hipness for which the chain is known, underneath, it's just not a very upscale hotel. As others have noted, the rooms are oddly shaped, with small bathrooms and no closets, loud HVAC systems, no sound insulation between rooms, and only a single electrical outlet on the desk; all holdovers from it's time as a Days Inn. Worse, even on such things as service there are gaps -- a requested 5:30 am wakeup call one day came at 3:00 am and another 4 am wake up call never came at all. I agree with others, if you're here for the party and don't care about the accommodations, have fun. If you actually want / need a business hotel, you can do better.	
May 4 2008	Not that great....	I looked at the previous reviews and figured I would still give this hotel a try. Well I am amazed at how correct the previous reviewers where rating this hotel. The lobby had dirty seating; the reception desk staff was not very interesting in helping guests. My room was small, strange layout and in need of a renovation. The food was just OK. The one thing that I did like was the spa, gym and it was close to Michigan Avenue. Otherwise I would skip this hotel until they go through a major overhaul. Jacqueline Smith	
May 3 2008 	Faded and Tired No Longer Hip	I stayed at the W hotel for a business meeting for 2 days and was completely unimpresed. I suppose the lobby is okay but thats about it. I remember when these W hotels were kind of cool, hip and trendy about 5 years ago but when I stayed at this place is just didn't work for me. I actually found the so called trendiness way too over bearing and the cutesy phrases etc almost annoying.The worst for me though, was the rooms. My room did not face the lake so the view was of an offfice building. The room was small. The satinish bedsheets were stained and the walls had nicks in them. The furnishing looked cheap, tired and worn out. I found the fact that the closet is just an alcove with a sheet over it kind of weird. And the fact that the bathroom was basically not separate from the main room was odd too given the price of this place.My room wasn't cleaned the first day until around 3PM when the maid came by and asked my reluctantly if I wanted a room cleaning.I definitely wouldn't stay here on my own dime.	
Apr 27 2008 	fun hip hotel!	The W Lakeshore is one of the best hotels I've ever stayed at, hands-down. I travel a lot for business, and have stayed at some very high-end places... but the W has a style all its own that really fits with my lifestyle.I'll start first by saying that the W won't be for everyone. They cater to the 20- and 30-something traveler with a little more money to spend on interesting atmosphere. This is not an ornate old hotel with giant chandeliers and the kind of service that goes with a stuffy ambience. As an example, there's a dessert on the room service menu called &quot;Fantasy&quot;: strawberries, whipped cream, chocolate syrup, and a disposable camera. There ya go. Also, the ladies room in the main lobby has mirrored panels that are actually 2-way mirrors, so that as you're checking your lipstick the people on the other side can see you. LCD walls in the lobby play clips from &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot;, the lobby becomes a bar at night, the wall behind the reception desk is sequined. Much of the atmosphere is fun, tongue-in-cheek, with a little bit of edge.I found my room to be very comfortable and cozy, done in grays and purples... the Bliss bath products were a great touch (I can tell you that the set of toiletries you get each day sells in Sephora for $25). I found the food to be pretty good, except the $80 Kobe burger on the room service menu wasn't worth the $80 (but fun to try). Other nice touches: in the gym, they have a fridge with moist towels, so that you have an ice-cold towel to wipe off with after your workout. Your wake-up call isn't a recording, it's a live person saying, &quot;sorry to interrupt your dreams... shall we call you back in a few minutes? it's cold out today, please bundle up.&quot; They play ambient lounge music in the elevators, which changes slightly throughout the day so that at night the music goes more with the bar/lounge vibe of the lobby. They have a &quot;pillow menu&quot;, so that you can select the perfect pillow to get a good night's sleep.I'd stay at the W again in a heartbeat.	
Apr 10 2008 	Not what i expected	When i first got to the hotel i was happy because i was extremely tired from my flight . While checking in the front desk staff was so warm and helpfull. The room was trendy but not that comfortable. The restaurants managers were petty and fake. I sat at the bar and the bartender would not stop hitting on me !!!!!!! I know the difference between being firendly and inappropriate Uncomfortable!!! Not sure if i would stay there again to be honest. i was stuck there for a weekend and the restuarant had good food but lousy service and the bar....? Forget about it!	
Apr 9 2008	Service Problems	I stayed at the W for three nights on business. My room was nice and the location is great. However, the service was terrible. I travel quite a bit for business and am trying to stay at Starwood hotels to get points. I like W hotels because they tend to be hipper and offer more amenities that I like. I can almost universally say that the service at W hotels ranges from terrible to mediocre. The service at the W Lakeshore was no different. The doorman got into a fight with the taxi that brought me from the airport and it was downhill from there. They forgot to deliver my breakfast, despite the fact that I ordered it which meant I spent the morning in business meetings with nothing to eat. They forgot to give me a wake up call. When confronted about these issues the staff was aloof. I like W hotels but they have got to do something about their service!	
Apr 5 2008 	hip and expensive hotel	The W Lakeshore is a hip and modern hotel. The room is a decent size for Chicago. The bed is very comfortable with lots of great pillows. The bathroom has great bath products - Bliss, lots of towels and wonderful bathrobe. Lots of hot water and good water pressure. The towels could have been thicker. The light in the bathroom doesn't provide lots of light, but the cutout window to the bed area helps. There is plenty of desk space for work and a large flat screen tv. Issues- the heat/fan was hard to control- it would suddenly be cold and I had trouble turning it off. Internet - not wireless and $12.95/day Room Service- prompt and good food, but breakfast was $35! Each room service order automatically includes a $3 service charge plus 20% tip. The same menu is downstairs at half the price.Clock- the clock is hard to set for the alarmUmbrella - I rented an umbrella and was told of the $25 charge if not returned. I returned it at the end of the day, but the charge was on my bill. I called the front desk and they promptly removed the charge.Location - 4-5 blocks from Michigan Ave -closest Starbucks is about 3 blocks.The room service and restaurant food is very good. The dinner at the restaurant was reasonablely priced. The upstairs bar has great views of the city.In general, the customer service was very good. I had a wake up and back up call that was prompt and reliable. I was a little concerned, given I couldn't set the room clock.Overall, my stay was fine. For the price, there is room for improvement.	
Mar 28 2008 	Lousy Service-Typical of W! Hotels	I stayed at the W hotel and was disappointed right at check in. I booked the room through their own website and listed &quot;2&quot; as the number of guests. I put in my husband's credit card info with regards to the billing information. I arrived at the hotel before my husband as he was to meet me the next day (and thinking ahead, I had him give me his credit card in case there were any issues). Unfortunately, the lady at the front desk wouldn't let me check because she said his name was listed on the reservation and not mine, despite the fact that we share the same last name and are married (and I had his credit card as well as my license). Plus, the confirmation email was my email address but she could care less. Luckily I got a hold of him on the phone, but often when he is working, it could have taken several hours. The fact that did not use common sense was very frusterating, especially since I pointed out that their own website only asked for the number of guests, not the second guest's last name. Secondly, the rooms are nice and clean, but the safe was broken. We had a great lakeview but the windows are not big so you can't really see the lake from bed. I ordered room service and underlined that I wanted &quot;sugar&quot; and of course they forgot despite my underlines. Finally, upon checkout, I had to ask 3 times for the final bill (yes, 3 times) and they couldn't get it for me as all the room charges weren't up to date. They said they would email it to me the same day, but never got it despite 4 phone calls later. Upon the fifth phone call I demanded they fax me the whole bill, and they gave me push back because I was the wife and not my husband calling. Finally they said they would fax it to me because I was enraged at their incompitence. I finally got the final bill by fax thank goodness. I think they try to hire pretty but stupid people there.	
Mar 14 2008 	Great in Every Way	We just returned from a 2 night weekend stay at the W which was fantastic. I booked the room with Starwood points and as a Platinum member, was upgraded to a Marvelous Suite without having to ask. This was the first time in many visits to a Starwood hotel that I didn't have to ask for an upgrade. The room was great and our 2 year old daughter loved the incredible views of Lake Michigan and Navy Pier. The room was clean, spacious and had 2 plasma/lcd tvs - each with their own DVD player. The bed was very comfortable and the extra half bath was wonderful. Everyone on the staff was very accomodating. The location was great and we were able to quickly walk to Navy Pier. The museum campus with the Shedd Aquarium and Field Museum was only several minutes away. We had a chance to visit the hotel pool which was the perfect temperature and very clean. On Sunday we also enjoyed the complimentary hot tea and dessert in the lobby. Valet parking is $43 per night but the service was quick and we didn't have any issues. If I had to pay for my next stay, while a bit more expensive than other options in the area, the W is worth it.	
Mar 10 2008 	Not Bad But You Can Do Better	This is not a bad hotel and there is nothing really wrong with it. However there is nothing really spot on about it nor anything that makes it above average or more than a decent hotel experience. On the plus side the location is decent, on Lake Shore Drive, the beds were very comfortable and I found the staff friendly and eager to please. The color scheme in the room is nice however that doesn’t mask the fact that it is cheap furniture and crummy stuff done in a way to try to give it an ultra cool vibe that doesn’t hide its cheapness. …..for instance the lights at the side of the bed are bulbs with a cheap wire frame and white sheet like material around them as was the stand up light delivered to the room that we had to call down for so that we could read. There was an armless chair with no ottoman making it fairly uncomfortable but they did deliver an ottoman after we called.You pay for internet access….15.00 per day. Room service was decent except that morning coffee was awful…………..you can taste the coffee filter. Other room service meals….one lunch and one dinner were perhaps a bit more than fine…....nothing great but nothing awful. The restaurant was adequate. The service could be improved….they were very slow but at least friendly. I did eat at the bar one day as I was hungry around 3:00 PM. I was surprised to see a woman at the bar who looked like a hooker. I honestly did think she was a hooker. She turned out to be the bar waitress. Her outfit would have been appropriate in the evening but honestly at 3PM it was way too over the top for me and looked a little seedy.As other reviewers have noted the bathroom set up is not very good. There are two shutters with slats in them that form a window which can be opened into the sleeping area. I have no idea what the design idea was behind this other than someone elevated form over function or was trying to be uber cool and was instead uber talentless. The bathroom door is a slider made out of the same material and was off its track. We had to lift it to open and close it but that wasn’t a big deal. I just would not rush back to a hotel where you can hear everything in the bedroom that is going on in the bathroom and the bathroom has no ventilation.I was told by friends who live in Chicago that this hotel used to be a Holiday Inn and that makes sense to me……………..the ceilings in the rooms were not quite cottage cheese but also not really nice smooth ceilings and looked out of place for a W Hotel. There were also one or two stains/spots on the comforter that I was too tired to complain about. and they were quite small. The comforter did otherwise appear clean as did the room in general.In sum there was nothing overly offensive about this hotel although there were some issues. However there was also nothing impressive or that made it anything more than a decent hotel experience. If you want a great hotel or a great hotel for the money I advise you to keep looking.	
Feb 26 2008 	Stylish hotel poor service	This is a very stylish hotel. The beds were very comfortable, and the location was good. It was also a very expensive hotel, and along with that, there is an expectation of good service. My room was not ready when I arrived, although I was a little early. I had to wait over an hour and a half in the lobby. My daughter was also staying in the hotel with her team, who had a two day long competition at Navy Pier. Only one of the team's 6 rooms was ready. That meant 20 girls, their coaches, and all their luggage crammed into the one room (and one tiny bathroom!) trying to change into uniforms and get hair and makeup ready for competition on a tight schedule. The team's rooms were not together. My daughter and her teenage teammates were given a smoking room, which smelled terrible. We were also not told the parking was an additional $43. The desk staff, valets and bellhops all seemed overwhelmed. We ended up taking our luggage off the cart and wheeling it up to our room ourselves when the room was finally ready, because there was a wait to get anyone to wheel the cart and we were not allowed to take it ourselves. Overall, it was a pretty disappointing stay.	
Feb 26 2008 	Dated Dirty Worn Out Furniture 	We booked this through Starwood as a Preferred Member. First of all, we travel a great deal. I believe the people who wrote great reviews don't stay in many hotels. This &quot;hip&quot; hotel is a &quot;dated hip.&quot; Meaning, the furniture in the lobby is worn out and filthy. The carpeting is worn out, hardwood flooring in need of refinishing. The elevators are dirty. The rooms are the worst. Basically, modern &quot;Saunder&quot; put together type furniture --- really cheap. Worst part is the bathrooms in the rooms themselves. There is a large window from the bedroom with louvers that can be opened from the bedroom, along with the sliding louver door. There is no privacy in the bathrooms and no exhaust fan. We have NEVER seen such a poor design.The Whiskey Bar -- we love martinis and looked forward to this. However, it is the smallest bar in any hotel we have ever seen. At night, they pump the music and it's standing room only -- just try and get a drink. The Lobby of this hotel looks okay at night, lots of candles. Just don't look at it during the day.	
Feb 21 2008	don't want to stay anywhere else	Stylish, good customer service, all the little details were right, cool restaurant in the lobby, can't think of anything that should've gone better than it did, especially at the deal I got online!	
Feb 4 2008 	Great hotel!	Recently stayed at this hotel for 3 nights, and I thought it was great. The location is really good, and the hotel has the hip, cool W vibe that I love. Positive points: beds were incredibly comfortable (giving the Westin Heavenly bed a run for it's money), shower pressure was perfect, wonderful flat screen HD TV, both room service and food in the restuarant were very good, and the service was top-notch.Negative points: bathroom was pretty small, not a lot of privacy with the sliding door and area that opened into the bedroom, and the lighting was not so great in the bathroom. Don't get me wrong - it's great &quot;mood lighting&quot;, just not so great for putting on make-up. Overall, I would definitely stay here again. And make sure you ask for a view of the lake - even though it was frozen and snowing, it was beautiful.	
Feb 3 2008 	Great hotel but damn the details...	We arrived Saturday afternoon and took advantage of the valet parking. We checked in quickly and then walked to our room. The room was dirty! Unmade bed, beer cans on the night stand, etc. We call the front desk, the lady apologizes numerous times, and we're reassigned to another room. No upgrade was asked for or offered. Problem #2 came later that night with loud music coming from somewhere, some other floor we figure. Problem #3 came after we checked out and left the hotel. My wife kept commenting that she smelled smoke in our vehicle (neither of us smoke and she's pregnant and very sensitive to odors). After awhile we noticed a cigarette bud on the passenger side floor, and ashes at the front bottom of the window sill on both the driver and passenger doors.Unacceptable issues in our opinion. The hotel is cool, hip, and markets itself as a step above the rest. We enjoyed the room, the bed, and the amenities, but the devil is in the details. It appears that the W corporation knows how to design and build a hotel, but the local management doesn't know how to manage. How else can you summarize rooms being marked clean when they're not and employees smoking in vehicles that have been entrusted to them? Disappointing.	
Feb 1 2008 	one of my fave hotels	This is one of my favorite hotels to stay at.It's right on the lake. The rooms are great - great layout, decor, amount of space.Cool bar.	
Jan 30 2008 	Trendy with a great view	I was able to stay at the W hotel Lakeshore with a family member that had a comp stay for a business trip. The hotel is located in front of Lake Michigan off Chicago's famous scenic Lake Shore Drive. The hotel room was very modern and hip and beds were comfortable.. The bathroom looked really cool...but wasn't very practical. It was dark so it was tough to see clearly in the mirrors. There wasn't much sink space, the shower was a bit tricky and there were slotted doors and windows connecting the bathroom to the bed area so you could hear everything. The view on the other hand was spectacular. It looked right onto Lake Michigan and Navy Pier. The hallways leading to the rooms reminded us off decor taken from TLC's Trading Spaces with smooth pebble/stones bordering the walls/floor. We didn't take advantage of the fitness or pool area nor the restaurants, but there is a great (but expensive bar) on the roof ( Whiskey Room)) with one of the best views of Chicago at night. And there is a trendy bar on the first floor off the lobby that caters to the hip after work crowd. The location is a bit out of the way but walking distance to Michigan Avenue shopping/restaurants and the John Hancock Building. The doorman can easily get taxi's there as well. It is also pretty close cab ride to Navy Pier and to the AMC River East 21 movie theater. So overall, if you are looking for a trend setting hip place thats a little pricey but has a great view this would be a place to go.	
Jan 29 2008 	Super sweet and fun	I needed to get away and decompress for a day. Chicago is very hard to beat. Found a great rate and booked it. My daughter and I stayed at the Downtown W last summer so I knew what to expect (trendy and upscale). The positives were the big flatscreen, cozy bed, interesting view,in room safe and downtown location. You can walk to almost everywhere that matters. Great home base for shopping.The downside is paper thin walls. At 130am I called the &quot;ANYTHING-ANYTIME&quot; line for some earplugs. At 230am I called them back...never mind, Need sleepy! Also know it is $45 to park. Overall I would score the hotel a 10/10. Every employee was very kind and helpful. The room was cool, clean, and cheap. At checkout I told them about the earplug issue. Asked if they would take $20 off the parking. They said sure.	
Jan 4 2008 	Always enjoy my stay at the W hotel.	We were staying with family over the holidays but wanted a mini-getaway and I found cheap rates on the internet for the last weekend of December. It was $139/night and we get points for Starwood so it was worth it for us. This is our second time here. I had put a note that I wanted a lake view room although at this price we shouldn't have. It helps that we are gold members of Starwood. I called and asked for a early check in and they accommodated us. We stayed in room 614. For the W it seemed like there were a lot of families/children during our stay. It didn't bother us since it was the holidays but during our last stay we didn't see families at all. Must have been the lower rates. The room was a king room and had a view of the Lake but it was foggy/snowy. The room was clean and nice. Small but expected with all &quot;modern&quot; rooms nowadays. The only thing I was surprised about was the tub part of the bath. Very outdated tub. The tiling and shower head were fine but it was like they forgot to replace the tub. Haha. The rooms also have satellite cable and a lot of the channels seemed to go in and out. I think it was due to the weather. The rooms of course have the Bliss products in there. Not much drawer space if you want to unpack though.We went to the Bliss Spa that is connected and got massages and it was fabulous. They don't have couple massages which is a bummer. They have separate men's and women's areas. There's a dry sauna and I recommend using the steam showers. They also have water, tea and yummy lemonade. They serve cheese, crackers, cookies and brownies too. I would deifnitely stay again.	
Jan 4 2008 	Rock 'n Roll	I made a short trip to Chicago, late summer 2007, for the sole reason of visiting a dear friend who resides there.I chose the W because it is close to &quot;downtown&quot; however it enjoys a spectacular view of the lake, which I find more restful.Let me explain. Chicago is an awesome city and at least one visit should be on everyone's &quot;to do&quot; list, but I do find it quite frenetic and even as a born and bred Londoner it takes some energy to enjoy.My pal warned me against the W, saying it was a converted Days Inn, however I took the plunge and it was a hoot.The W is absolutely not a family hotel. It is however a young or young at heart person's ideal getaway. The rooms are little small (I was upgraded to a fabulous suite overlooking the lake) and the furnishing is a trifle kitsch, however the staff are excellent and the bar/restaurant is such a buzz that there is no need to risk a DUI by going out anywhere else in the eveningIf one word would describe the W it's sex, or if you need 2 it's rock 'n roll. If you are young, single or middle aged and lively you will love it.	
Jan 3 2008 	Nice place to stay	I booked the W for my husband's 30th birthday, he loves the W. We checked in three hours early with no problems and received an upgraded oceanview. It was nice room, a bit smaller than other W's we have stayed at. We had a king size bed, chaise lounge chair, desk and two night stands. The bathroom was a normal size for a hotel in the city. The one weird thing is that there were large wooden shutters that you could open so you could be in the bathroom to look into the bedroom (like a window almost) or close them for privacy. The bar on the 33rd floor had a nice view, but it was SUPER smokey. So we opted to go back down to the bar in the lobby. We had good service, strong and expensive martinis. I guess what do you expect in the city. We didn't valet the car, but it is $43 a day for those of you who drive to the city. The hotel is about four easy blocks from Michigan Ave, which is a great location. There is a great little place for breakfast about two block west of the hotel...I believe it is called West Egg. Great food and MUCH cheaper than eating at the hotel.	
Jan 1 2008 	W Chicago - Not for those who wants top service	Yes, it's a W Hotel and it's undoubtedly one of the hippest hotels in Chicago and yes, it offers a stunning view of lake Michigan and yes, the rooms are decorated in such a way that you feel like you live in a lounge bar. If these are the things you're looking for then go for it. BUT if you''re like me, someone who also needs top quality attentive services then you'll be supremely disappointed. Perhaps me and my wife need to be reminded that the word &quot;HIP&quot; is mutually exclusive with the word &quot;SERVICE&quot;.	
Dec 30 2007	You gotta be kidding	Chicago is my hometown, and I remember when this property was a Holiday Inn. It still is, though in prettier packaging. Nice lakefront location, and the Streeterville neighborhood offers a less intense nightlife scene than, say Rush/Division or Wrigleyville. I kinda like the W vibe, though it's a little forced. The W Lakeshore has so many service problems, however, that I'll be hard-pressed to stay there again. Let's see...where to begin? Would it be with the houskeeper...excuse me, *stylist*, who ignored the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign to pound on my door four times...on a Sunday...after I flew in from Taipei? Perhaps I should mention the stylist who took my comforter and featherbed, replacing them with thin blankets, saying the hotel was out of clean conoftrets and featherbeds? Or could it be the front desk staffer who called me to tell me about a FedEx delivery...and could not find it five minutes later.Ugh. If you're Starwood, the Sheraton Hotel and Towers is a much better bet. If not, the Sofitel is awesome, though the rooms are euro-small. The Drake is nice if you like the old-classy thing, and I've always had good luck at the Renaissance.	
Dec 11 2007 	Worst Hotel in Chicago	Here are some reasons why this is the worst hotel I've ever stayed at:- When I stored my luggage for the day, the bell desk &quot;lost&quot; my luggage. Never to be found again...everything gone.- Rooms are small- Bathroom is awkward with no real enclosure- Walls are super thin (you can hear people merely talking next door)- Customer Service lacks in all areas (I got attitude when I got a simple cup of coffe at the lobby bar, no one greets you when you come and go, employees don't acknowledge you in the elevator)- Got charged for items that I did not use and then questioned when I disputed them- Didn't have hot water for a shower (in December mind you)There are SO many other options in Chicago for people to stay and I recommend everyone stay elsewhere but here.	
Dec 10 2007	Cool Hotel	The W on Lakeshore is a nice hotel. Please keep in mind that this hotel used to be a Holiday Inn or something lower end and Starwood remodeled a few years ago. The rooms are small, but have everything you need for a weekend trip to Chicago or a business trip. The Bliss Spa is OK, too pricey for the average quality of the products and services. The restaurant is OK and the SKY bar are OK. Again, very small and lacking in creativity for the &quot;W&quot; brand. Nothing would make me say &quot;don't stay here&quot;, but I also would consider other hotels such as the James.	
Dec 5 2007 	most comfortable room ever	Let me say up front that the swanky, loud, disco lobby was way not for us. Much to much going on there, Lobby restaurant was average at the very best. BUT, BUT. we got a great rate and our, room, bed and bathroom were among the very finest that we have ever stayed in. The bed was supercomfortable, the bathroom was spa like. In general the room had a feeling of relaxed elegance. We would stay here again despite the disco lobby. housekeeping satff was awesome.	
Nov 29 2007 	Staff makes W great	A girl friend and I stayed at the W in early November for a girls trip to Chicago. We debated over staying on Michigan Ave to be closer to shopping and restaurants and bars, but we decided on the W because of a good deal online. As soon as you walk into the lobby the music is playing and you can tell it certainly is geared towards a young crowd. The check-in was absolutely seamless and quick, very pleasant. The music in the elevators is a little loud - and is always on, which is a bit much in the mornings. The room was small but not tiny by any means and we loved the decor. The best parts of the room were the comfortable beds and the plasma tv. I would have to say that the lighting is a bit dark, especially in the bathroom. Speaking of the bathroom, there is a shuttered window which opens and closes facing the sleeping area so if you want privacy you wont get it - especially since there is no fan in the bathroom! Could be uncomfortable...We were there from Nov 1 - 4th and were worried about the 3 to 4 block walk to Mich Ave and Rush street since it was cold, but it wasnt too bad. In the summer, the walk would not be an issue at all and if it had been warmer, we probably would have taken advantage of being so close to Nave Pier and gone over there. The lounge bar, Wave, was WONDERFUL. The bartenders were very polite and attentive - we started every night there. It seemed like a very popular place and there was always a good sized crowd. All in all, we probably could have paid a little less and stayed on Michigan Ave. If you have money to spend and want to be around a young, hip crowd - stay here.Recommendations: in between shopping on Mich Ave, have lunch at the Intercontinental; dinner at Rockit Bar is a MUST and across the street is a fun Irish pub to hit up afterwards.	
Nov 29 2007 	Horrible Experience	We reserved two rooms. We were given one confirmation number. We cancelled two rooms. We were given one cancellation number. Cancellation was after we viewed photos from previous guests and found the hotel VERY lacking for the price. We cancelled a week in advance. We were then charged two weeks later for $345 &quot;no Show&quot;. We are Starwood Preferred members. When the hotel staff could not seem to issue the credit, I called the Preferred Club and was assured that they had spoken to the hotel and all was taken care of and they even gave me the name of the manager in accounting they spoke to. Two days later, no credit yet. I called this hotel accounting manager, He claims he never spoke to anyone and even claimed he never got the 5 minute message I left him two days prior on his voicemail. After three hours and arguing over these past two days, they finally said they would fax confirmation of the credit. I am still waiting. I am appalled that the Starwood Club would outright lie to a member just to get us off the phone. I will never stay at their hotels again. The manager claimed he could not find our reservation because I used my first name instead of my husbands. We have a VERY unique last name. Kinda hard to not find. I have never been so frustrated with a cast of people.	
Nov 26 2007 	COOL Property	Fantastic location, wonderful view of Michigam lakeVery nice people and gilrs at the bar and restaurantStaff very helpfulmodern and cool roomsnice the fitness with swimming pool	
Nov 25 2007 	Making Improvements And Still A Great View	You can see my earlier review, complete with photos regarding our stay. Our earlier stay (December 2006) was riddled with issues including the filthy pool and dark hallways and rooms. After writing to the W about the issues, they we gracious enough to have us back for a complimentary stay. I can see that they have made improvements to a number of areas to address many of the comments here. On our stay this time, we were in a Marvelous Suite on the 30th floor (3018). The view to Navy Pier and the lake was wonderful. Some improvements of note include: There is now key card access to the elevators (to prevent others from getting to your floor). They removed the river rock gutters and low lighting in the hallways, replacing the carpeting and changing to much improved hallway lighting. The rooms themselves now feature white ceilings versus dark grey, which drastically brighten up the rooms. In addition, the huge, bulky entertainment centers are gone (along with the tube TV and cheap Fisher CD system), replaced by a LG 42&quot; plasma screen and Bang and Olufsen BeoSound1 system. A great change indeed! Doors and other things have been repaired and while some items remain a bit strange (the shutters in the bathroom) and just bad (bathroom lighting), overall, they have made improvements from our stay just a year ago and management has been very good about addressing things noted in these reviews.The location can't be beat, but yes, Michigan Ave. is a $5 cab ride away in the cold weather. You can walk it, but bundle up. They have a bunch of CD/DVD rentals available which were a nice touch. The lobby bar is OK with decent drinks at high prices. Parking is a bit steep at $46 and when looking at room service menus, keep in mind that prices are $2 higher than the normal menu price, plus a $3 delivery charge, plus 20% gratuity. So, your $4 OJ in the restaurant is actually $10.80 when using room service, quite a bit more. The gym is pretty good and the pool looked much improved from our last visit. Check-in speed was still a bit slow and the lobby can get congested with the comings and goings and check-in desk all within a few feet of each other.If you like the W's in general, you may feel a bit slighted by the room layouts and a few minor annoyances, but overall, the W Lakeshore is a pretty good place to stay when in Chicago.	
Nov 21 2007 	Decent but beautiful views of Lake.	This hotel is definitely more for the younger crowd. The bar is often packed in the evenings, which kind of filters into the hallway and lobby. We had an issue where they charged restaurant charges to our room that were not ours. It turned out the waitress did not check the signature to see if it matched the room. So please be very careful to review the bill before you check out.The view is amazing, if you have a lake side room, which we did. That you can't beat. Also, beware there is only a sliding door for a bathroom door and window shutters leave a open view between bathroom and room (no privacy if you are sharing the room with another person). Overall, the hotel was a decent walk to Chicago shopping and Michigan Avenue. Safe area, but not the top pick.	
Nov 17 2007 	Not worth it unless you're there for a party atmosphere	I stayed here with a friend to enjoy a night in Chicago before I flew out of O'hare. I honestly would not recommend this hotel. For what we paid, it's just not worth it UNLESS you are in Chicago, have some money to blow and want to feel like a hot shot and party. When we arrived (later on a Friday night) it felt like we were entering a techno club. We couldn't even figure out where to check in. Don't get me wrong the design is cool and that's why we booked it. But the room was small and lacked a good view. I will confirm what other reviews say about the strange bathroom. The lighting sucks for girls trying to do makeup - I've never seen such bad lighting - and I have never complained about the lighting in a bathroom but somehow it was just really bad! There was a weird shuttered window in the bathroom which you could open from either side - maybe nice for couples, definately not for anyone else sharing a room together. There was no fan in the bathroom either - a bit uncomfortable. The water in the shower overflowed several times into the rest of the bathroom also. Had to keep stopping the water and soaking it up.... and alas we couldn't watch tv without having to pay. As far as location it is a quick cab ride to Michigan avenue but not a walk you would want to do in the cold. Honestly this place isn't all it's cracked up to be. I wouldn't stay here again.	
Nov 6 2007 	Great View and Location	We stayed here for a fun little get away in the city. Overall, we had a great time. The lobby has alot of fun little areas to sit and hang out. The rooms were small, but comfortable. We were on one of the top floors and I enjoyed the view of Lake Michigan. It took about an hour to check in. They gave us some drink vouchers to hang out at the lobby bar while we waited for the room to be ready. The rug was wet when we checked in (maybe the carpet was just cleaned or there was a very large spill?) but since it took an hour to get in and they were booked, we just dealt with it. Whiskey Sky isn't super impressive, but it's a fine place for before dinner cocktails. Some areas of the hotel seem a little warn down, but you don't really notice it because the lighting is so dark. I've gone to Bliss several times for facials and massages and I would have to say that it is one of my favorite spots for a facial, but it somewhat depends on who gives your treatment. Overall, a great place to be when you are going to be hanging out downtown.	
Nov 3 2007 	Fun mod and sassy + TOP service.	I stayed at The W Lakeshore on business and it was more than I had expected. I knew this property was a former Days Inn, so that fact made me have low expectations of the rooms, but from the moment I pulled up, I was hit with superb service, a sense of mod style and sass.The Westin brand did an extreme makeover on the property to fit the W brand style. I loved the modern elegance, and fun it all.I found sassy humor around my room - from the Doggie Room Service Menu to some of the late-night room service selections for couples-only, down to the way they give you the extra roll of toilet paper in your room! Service was amazing - they had a lakeview room available (last one) and asked it I wanted it. Love the Bliss-brand bath products (they got me hooked) and the food via room service was great. I watched fireworks out my window over Navy Pier (certain nights of the week, year-round), and the sunrise over the lake the next morning. I WILL DEFINITELY be staying back at this hotel again. I felt like a rock-star.More info on my stay can be found on my &quot;travel/work&quot; blog at [--]	
Oct 14 2007 	A Westin by any other name	I'm double the age of a person on their 20's and I stay at Ws all the time. It's a just a glorified Westin without the &quot;estin.&quot; This hotel is pretty well run. The food is adequate, the rooms are well appointed and good looking while still retaining practicality. The view of the lack from the upper floors is great. The gym is big and roomy. The restaurant has a great outdoor area where you can look at the lake and passersby on a nice day. Room service is pretty fast if not 100% accurate. I would stay here next time I'm in Chicago for business. They tend to tell you &quot;yes&quot; more often than &quot;no.&quot;	
Oct 11 2007 	Nice place	The hotel is really nice, the room service is great, The restraunt service is so good, that when we wanted some ranch for the salad the server went to the local market and got some.	
Sep 17 2007 	Great for a single trendy in their 20's	This W is like any other W hotel. It's meant purely for 20 year olds that want to stay at the trendiest hotel.The standard rooms have a shower only. Bed is comfortable, and the rooms are fairly comfortable. They overcharge for everything, same as all W's. Even wireless internet which is free in every other nicer hotel costs approx. $20 a day. Lobby is filled with constant loud/trendy techno music. The upstairs bar at this one is too small, cramped and too dark. Wasn't that nice...Overall, in a city where you want a clean and reliable room that lacks another high end hotel to stay at, a W hotel is always a reliable back up.	
Sep 4 2007 	Delightful and deliciious!	I love this hotel. I stayed here for 2 days, and was totally spoiled by the fabulous room and the great staff. Amy checked us in and she made that a flawless pleasure. The room rocked: bed was killer, the bathrobe was so comfortable; I enjoyed the Bilss sink amenites, the Asian inspired shower and bath, and lovely lake view. I indulged in the BIlss spa which was great (as always) and highly recommend Gina and Serena for all spa needs (you girls rock!!). I had breakfast at Wave, which was pretty good-Phillip was the server and he's so great. I did prefer the room service menu as it has better food, more choices and the desserts rule (I recommend the brownie-it is so good). DIdn't go to the bar but checked out the pool and gym and both are pretty good. Everyone was helfpful, friendly and great, esp Christopher R. from Whatever/Whenever service (which we used a couple times)-this guy is the best! Angela is also great -they will go out of the way to make you happy. I can't wait to stay here again; this is my favorite hotel right now.	
Aug 29 2007 	If you are trendy this is the place for you	For someone over 40 who is from a small mountain town (and therefore not &quot;up&quot; on trends), this property was a bit out of my league. The feel of the place and the look of the room made me think of being in the &quot;in&quot; crowd and architecture digest respectively. The check-in service had its ups and downs. Ups: we were offered water when we pulled up and someone immediately came to take the luggage out of the car. The front desk was efficient as well. The down: we were not allowed to use a luggage cart to take up our suitcases &quot;due to insurance reasons.&quot; That's hogwash! I usually use other hotels' luggage carts with no problems. They just wanted the bellman to get a tip. There was always someone to open the door. At night there was even a &quot;bouncer&quot; near the elevators to our room so that someone from the public bar wouldn't stumble upstairs by mistake. The Bliss Spa was again wonderful (went there last year). Had different treatments this year and still pleased with the facility and service. Wish the hotel wouldn't charge $47 for overnight parking, though. The location is nice if you want to be near Navy Pier and the Lake. It was only 5-6 blocks from the Magnificent Mile so good shopping is nearby. The concierge is very helpful - they even had a shopping map of the area! The rooms were very fung shwei (spelling?) The colors were white and black. The bathroom was not fully enclosed. There were wooden shutters that opened to the bed area and the door was a sliding wooden one. Not the best if you want privacy in there...We used the incredible showers with eucalyptus in the spa so this wasn't a problem. The beds were nice. The &quot;goody bar&quot; was very expensive and included some items that you would not want to explain to kids if they found them...All in all, a good stay if you can get a good rate like we did. Wouldn't pay the rack rates which start around $350/night. We paid under $200/night as a special promotion. Would recommend for a romantic weekend or a girlfriend spa weekend.	
Aug 27 2007 	Over-rated!!! Over-rated!!!!	Just got back from the W for a long weekend and thought I would write my first review.We stayed at the W due to a wedding we were participating in and thanks to our great friends we had a fantastic time and it was easy to overlook the problems. None the less, unless you are there with a group, there are clearly nicer and less expensive hotels in Chicago.First off. The parking is a complete rip-off!!! 46 dollars a/night plus the tip to get your car. There is a parking garage around the corner that is a little less and is within walking distance.The W. trys to come off as a trendy modern hotel. Their staff certainly has the &quot;Beautiful People&quot; look, but, beyond that the hotel really comes off as a run-dow, dimly lit, holiday inn, that was re-furnished by IKEA......10 years ago.The rooms are clean but small and worn. The bathroom is even smaller and only comes with a shower, no tub. They have cut an open window between the bathroom and room to give the illusion that it is much larger than it is. The space is only closed by a set of shutters. Thus it does not allow for a lot of privacy; and as my wife observed, would not make the most romantic setting if you were there for the first time with someone you were dating.In fairness, the beds were awesome and we had a great nights sleep.The bar was a lot of fun, but anywhere and anytime, we get together with our friends it seems like fun. They play a lot of that trendy disco style of music and you would fit in well if you have one of those cool kid club shirts to sport around in. That trendy disco music is blaring at all times in the hotel which lend itself to a vegas feel but gets a little tired after a while.In short, the hotel is not dirty. The room are adequate and clean, the bed is very nice. But in the end, so is a Fairfield by Marriot at a fraction of the price. We were excited to be staying at the &quot;W&quot; but felt that the hype was more than the expierance. Over-Priced and Over-Rated	
Aug 20 2007 	A Chicago Staple	Though this hotel seems to get mixed reviews, I find staying there a consistently good experience and prefer it over the other W (on Adams I believe) and Westins in the area. The front desk staff has always been polite and very service-oriented. They always try to upgrade me to a lake-view room (great view!). Room service was tasty but quite slow the last time I stayed there, but they comped my meal without my even having to make a comment about it. The rooms aren't huge, but they are well-appointed. As all Ws do, they have great Bliss products for the bath. For other business travelers, I have never had issues getting online from the rooms, which is a bit rare in my experience. I have had FedExes sent to me at the hotel, and they are very conscientious about prompt notification of receipt. Note that the HVAC is a bit disruptive, as it's unit near the window that turns on and off quite abruptly, so if that type of thing keeps you up at night, you might want to bring earplugs. Further, I had Room #2002 the last time, and it was right next to a set of elevators, so note that you can definitely hear the &quot;swooshing&quot; up the up/down movement all night long in the rooms that end in 02 (not sure what the room # was next to the other set of elevators).	
Aug 8 2007 	Not as impressive as it's name...	I stayed here during the ice storm in Chicago this spring. And it was a bit of a disappointment. As someone mentioned, it is truly the darkest hotel on the planet. I guess they are trying to add ambience, or something. SO DARK, however, that I had a hard time even locating the elevators. My other guess is, maybe they just don't want everyone to see how dated and worn it all looks. That was my impression. Very drab. Even the sequin signage outside the hotel was in disrepair. The room itself could definitely use some spiffin' up. As for the staff...SUPERB!! They work their tails off to ensure you have a relaxing and wonderful visit. Of course, the location and view are to die for...except during an ice storm. But if not for that...it would have been a highlight, I am sure. Food is excellent, but pricey, as one might expect downtown Chicago. Overall, I was not impressed enough with the interior to pay the price, again. Not even for the view on a clear day. The interior is just too depressing.	
Jul 31 2007 	Not up to W standard	If you're looking for an experience along the lines of a W in New York, this hotel doesn't deliver it. Definitely visit Bliss Spa here, but stay elsewhere.I had a king room on the 11th floor with a city view. It was a wheelchair-accessible room (lower hanging bar in the closet, grab bars in the bathroom)-- otherwise it was done in the typical W style with darker colors and a rather sleek look. There was a random faux-fur, cube-shaped pillow that was supposed to be a whimsical touch. Overall, the room wasn't stunning, but it looked fine.The bed had a very uncomfortable featherbed on top of it. Usually, I love anything that makes a bed more pillowy, but this had sharp, pointy feathers in it! A bigger problem was that the bed smelled terrible. I couldn't tell what it was-- the pillows, the mattress, the featherbed--? At one point, I saw a guest taking a small dog into the elevator, and I realized that's what the bed smelled like-- unbathed dog! The minibar also had sodas in it with best before dates in 2006. They leave you a little comment card for housekeeping where you're supposed to be able to make small requests, so I asked for fresh soda... it never showed up. And I know they had seen the note (I left it on the bed) and refilled the minibar. (Furthermore-- no minibar price list.) The light in the makeup mirror in the bathroom was burned out, so I asked housekeeping to check that too-- never got fixed.Also, it's pretty clear that the hotel is trying a bit too hard to seem hip. Here's an example. The hotel information is presented in a weird lucite holder. It's fastened at one corner and you slide pages out. I'm sure it was not cheap to produce, and it's just silly. It doesn't make me think I'm in a cool place... it makes me think they don't particularly care for how usable something is as long as it looks funky. I generally enjoy more contemporary hotels, and I understand what Starwood is going for with this brand... they just have to deliver style as well as substance, a la The Hotel at Mandalay Bay.Good points: Bliss Spa is excellent. I had a facial, and I highly recommend it. The Bliss products in the bathroom are great. Nice high-def TV. Location is very convenient to shopping and good restaurants, as well as Navy Pier. Getting a taxi was never a problem.	
Jul 25 2007	Don't waste your money or time	I stayed there for one night with my spouse last week thinking it'd be the typical W experience: trendy + the view of the lake = can't go wrong, right? I had stayed at many Ws before, and this one looks like the rooms were decorated with Ikea furniture that was on a blow out sale! However, my biggest complaint is the level of noise. There was a connecting door between our room and the room next door. No soundproofing whatsoever, and of course, our neighbors had a party going on. It took forever for the security to resolve the issue, and the front desk waited over an hour before they agreed to move us (beause they couldn't locate the manager). Unfortunate, because or view was breathtaking, but if you have to stare at it all night... Long story short, terrible experience, and I should have listened to others who complained about terribly thin walls. We promptly checked out the next day and moved to the Intercontinental - not much romance but plenty of sleep.	
Jul 25 2007	Dark. Just Dark.	The stay at the hotel was nice.Some things I was happy about:a) it was clean.b) Internet link was good with low latency.c) the staff was courteous.d) room service food was good.Some things I was unhappy about:a) this was the &quot;darkest&quot; hotel I've ever stayed in.b) some of the staff were dressed and behaved very informally.c) over the top trendy.Despite the clean and courteous atmosphere of the hotel, I would never stay at it again. It was very dark in the common areas of the hotel and in the rooms. Everything in my room was very dark and the lighting did not help very much. I got the impression the hotel is/was striving for a trendy image, but they over did it to the point is seemed ridiculous. One of the young men that brought me my room service one night had very pale skin, wore eyeliner and makeup, and looked like a character out of a modern vampire movie. It fit right in with the theme and ambiance of the hotel.	
Jul 17 2007	Great hotel - but watch those phone calls	I recently stayed at the W Chicago for 5 days on business. I was not surprised by the charges for wireless ($15) or water ($8). I was quite surprised to find that I was charged $400 for phone calls that I thought I was making on my calling card, including $150 for &quot;attempted calls&quot;. When I disputed these charges at the front desk, I was told there was nothing they could do and I should &quot;take it up with accounting&quot;. I did, and have heard nothing in response. So err on the safe side and do not use the phone for anything other than a local call!	
Jul 15 2007	Hip and Trendy - a treat but not cheap	My husband and I stayed in this hotel for one night during our recent trip to the USA. It is a very different style of hotel and although we did like it, it certaily wouldn't be everyones taste.I would agree with previous reviews who commend the views from this hotel, they are incredible and our bedroom also faced onto the lake.The trendy furniture and extra little features in the room made it very interesting and the bed was very comfortable. Nice but small pool, with an excellent spa facility. A bit of a walk from the centre of town though. Overall a good hip and trendy hotel but quite expensive.	
Jul 8 2007	Trendy and certainly not cheap	We have just spent a week at the W Lakeshore. This is clearly a high-quality hotel, with a great emphasis on design. The lakeside position is excellent, although our room did not face the lake - and it did mean that a walk into town took a good 10 minutes through some pretty drab back streets. The staff were consistently helpful. I was surprised by the review which says that the hotel is not good for business. When we were there, the rooms in the business suite on the 7th floor were constantly occupied with meetings of one sort or another. A word of warning - the minibar prices were (as is often the case) astronomical, and it was only after a couple of days that we noticed that the bottles of water helpfully placed around the room were costing us 8 dollars (plus tax) every time we opened one. More fool us - but what a con!	
Jun 21 2007 	In ten years I may hate it but I love it now!	The W Lakeshore is definitely not for everyone. Having said that, if you do want to wake up to one of the most beautiful views around, there is no other hotel you should consider staying in while in Chicago. I have stayed at the W Lakeshore on numerous occasions and inevitably the more memorable stays were the ones in which I didn't come back to the hotel with some work to do. Otherwise walking into a lobby where it seems everyone is intent on partying is pretty disconcerting when you have work to do. For the record, I am a W fan. I enjoy the unconventional rooms, the plasma TV, the assortment of strange stuff for sale (W Teddy Bear) that they have in their rooms, the electronic music in the elevators, their trendy bar and their staff - who all seem to be model material. In addition to all that the W Lakeshore has two things that really add to the experience. The view of Lakeshore drive as previously mentioned and their gym, filled with every type of equipment and overlooking the lake - you cannot ask for a better workout. One of the things that does take getting used to in W's all over is the bathroom. The shower in the Lakeshore hotel simply &quot;drops&quot; water. It's not a trickle, it's a more than decent flow but it doesn't come out with any pressure. Also, the bathroom here has a window to the main room, which if you have guests in is not really an optimal setting. Beats the W Dallas though, which didn't have a door between the bedroom and the bathroom. But that's for another review!So be warned - if you decide to stay here you're going to be in a non-business hotel in which everyone looks good, people are drinking in the lobby, the elevators play techno, the corridors have purple light and they sell condoms and teddy bears in your room. I look forward to the W's - it's a sea change from the sameness of the Marriotts, Westins and Hiltons and always has you wondering what to expect when you check in. A 5 rating from me maybe a 0 for someone else, but that beats a consistent, boring 3 in my book.	
May 22 2007 	Over Rated W Hotel	I recently stayed here (May 2007) with friends &amp; found the hotel nice but highly over-rated. The hotels homepage (spg.com) rates this as a Category 5 hotel &amp; other websites rate it as 4****; I found this hotel to be no more than 3*** at best. It used to be a Days Inn &amp; that shows through out the complex, with broken everything in the rooms including mirrors hanging with 1 screw, airconditioning constantly breaking (&amp; loud), door handles, fridge, all required repair, we had 2 adjoining rooms &amp; neither room was &quot;maintenance free&quot;! The windows are old &amp; many were broken - some even missing glass!! I have a real issue too when the hotel advertizes &amp; promotes free coffee &amp; danish/bagels in the morning which being an early riser &amp; a smoker, was welcome while I read the paper outside on a cute little terrace off the lobby, but when I came for a refill was charged $4.50 for a coffee!!! Turns out &quot;free coffee&quot; is only until 6.30am!!!!The restaurant in the lobby has excellent food, though it is loud being right in the lobby with no walls seperating it.One thing that peeved us was the advertizing of the hotel's bar which upon arrival was found extrordinarily lacking &amp; appeared to be built as an after thought without any effort in decorating. Also, they don't have a food licence (???) so its all drinking without even a peanut, let alone being able to order appetizers, for that matter we couldn't even have room service bring us something. The hotel's brochure could use a radical editing!On the PLUS side however, the concierge was wonderful &amp; was able to get my 4 girlfriends into the Oprah Show on standby tickets which really made their trip.Also the beds were extremely comfortable &amp; the Bliss Spa on premises was lovely with a wonderful staff.The view of the lake was beautiful but with such a wonderful location you would think this &quot;high end chain&quot; would have spent a little more on decor &amp; quality.	
May 17 2007 	A Great Hotel!	This is a great hotel, very hip &amp; fashionable. The service was outstanding. The concierge was excellent. The service is A1, everytime you walk in this hotel they open the doors for you. Rooms are very cool, 42&quot; plasma TV, Big King beds, CD/DVD player to watch movies. Radio by bed has a CD player in it. The hotel has a computer room with PC's printer and fax. There is a pool and work out room. Trendy bar. Security is excellent, you need a card to work the elevator and at night security guards the elevators, only allowing guests through. The hotel overlooks the lake and Navy Pier and is only a few blocks from Michigan Avenue so you are very central.Also it is a very gay, lesbian, bi, transgendered friendly hotel. I went with my transgendered girlfriend and no one batted an eyelid.	
May 7 2007 	The W Lakeshore is the way to go in Chicago	My companion and I stayed at the W Chicago--Lakeshore for 3 nights in April 2007 for a conference. We had a fantastic time while there. The accomodations were wonderful--our room overlooked Lake Michigan, the beach and Navy Pier. I love that the W has a chaise lounge for relaxing in the room and watching the high-def LCD tv. The bed is so luxurious and comfortable that I had a hard time waking up to attend my meetings! Also, while the bathroom is made differently with the shutters, neither of us complained about not having enough privacy. In fact, I appreciated that I could watch tv while I curled my hair.Service was great while I was there. Housekeeping kept the room spotless and supplied plenty of towels. I did not find one member of the staff to be snooty or unhelpful. Yes, the staff tends to be on the younger side but they were trained to respond to requests cheerfully and promptly. The only negative I give the hotel is the Wave Restaurant. I tried it on Saturday night and was thoroughly disappointed. No one in their right mind should place a restaurant in the middle of a very popular hotel lobby/bar. The dining experience was loud and the food was horrible. The two saving graces were the staff and the infused martinis. Overall, the W Lakeshore is a great hotel. However, stay away from the Wave.	
May 6 2007 	Nice hotel cool lobby	This is a typical W hotel, which, for us, made it a LOT of fun. It's got a great, hip lobby with lots of stuff going on all the time. They have a good restaurant, and it is right within walking distance of lake Michigan and Navy Pier. The Mag. Mile isn't too far (several blocks), so it is a little trek...but if you're young and don't mind walking a lot, then it is doable. The rooms are fantastic. The beds, as always are wonderful. The view was good, as well. Overall, if you can find it at a good deal, I'd recommend it. It was a little pricy though.	
May 5 2007 	Felt like I needed to have a martini in my hand at all times...	I stayed at the W Lakeshore for a week on business. The rooms were nicely appointed-- the bed and the shower were nice, and there was sufficient storage space and hangers for a week. The bathrooms need fans.The price for internet access in the room seemed steep ($14.95 per day), however the connection was good and I experienced no disruptions.The walls between the rooms are very thin. I could hear my neighbours and the people in the hallway very clearly (particularly when they were talking on the phone or using the tv). Inter-room soundproofing needs to be addressed.The cardio equipment was good, but the weight room was mediocre. I went for a run one morning along the waterfront (a few steps from the hotel under a tunnel that goes beneath lake shore drive) and found that to be heavenly.The restaurant Wave had wonderful tapas food and the service was very good. Decent wine list, but overall the restaurant is pricey. Lunch is also good, but on the expensive side.The hotel location did seem a little isolated from the main strip on Michigan Avenue, as it is a 10 minute walk along Ontario Street. There is, however a very nice brunch place called West Egg Cafe that serves lovely crepes and omlettes at a very reasonable price. There is also a Chipotle and a Starbucks nearby.	
Apr 26 2007 	A good hotel though not for all tastes	The W Lakeshore follows the usual formula for W hotels: 'ambient' music in the lobby and lifts, stylish decor in the rooms and a not entirely convincing attempt at a chic designer feel. Overall, all this feels like a huge great hotel conglomerate - Westin - trying just a little too hard to be hip. That said, as a place to stay it's got plenty in its favour. The rooms are comfortable and appealingly non-stuffy (though I'm not sure all the design innovations are particularly practical). There's also a decent fitness centre and pool. The location - next to Lakeshore Drive - isn't especially memorable, but it's a short walk (10 minutes or so if you're ambling) to North Michigan Avenue. Overall, while this is a hotel that probably fails to provide the kind of luxurious boutique-style experience that its marketing claims, it is a perfectly good base to explore Chicago, assuming you can get a decent rate.	
Apr 23 2007 	Not worth it	Very smoky smelling lobby...15 minute waits for the elevators...Holier-than-thou staff oozing fake attitude...I have been either a gold or platinum member of Starwoods for over three years. My wife and I had a one day stay at this hotel - and hated it. The location &quot;on the lake&quot; - still involves crossing Lakeshore Drive for access. There are other hotels (the Drake) that have a Lakeshore address with much more charm.This place is a former Holiday Inn - you can certainly tell...	
Apr 22 2007 	Never again	We booked a &quot;marvelous suite&quot; with the business plan (printer and fax in the room), due to requirement to work while this hotel.Check in was abominable; reception desk is adjacent to the WAVE bar; needed to shout all communication. At 5:30 PM on a Saturday, the lobby was packed with people (spilling over from the bar).All hallways are very dark; the suite had seen better days: much of the furniture was nicked and scratched; the CD player did not work; no one at reception and concierge desks knew how to use the Sirius radio; no printer or fax; the bathroom was FILTHY...months of scum around the outside of the glass shower enclosure; the plastic flange on the bottom of the glass shower door was dark brown with scum.After unpacking, I started to flip through the &quot;coffee table book&quot;....a single edged razor blade was inside the cover, along with its brown cover (separated) and a little white dust. TWO requests (in person) at the reception desk to have it removed were ignored. We left the book open all day Sunday: housekeeping did nothing; Monday, room service took breakfast tray, but ignored to razor; no housekeeping service that day, either.I called the manager on Tuesday morning. She apologized, and sent a clerk up.....razor was removed that day (day # FOUR of the stay), bathroom was cleaned. Printer and fax: engineer left a message that the hotel would purchase and install the printer and fax BUT I WOULD NEED TO PAY FOR THE PRINTER AND FAX UNIT. I explained to the manager that the confirmation email from the hotel, FIVE DAYS before my arrival, mentioned the printer and fax (as we paid for the business plan)...she said that the email was a &quot;glitch&quot; and the hotel no longer offered the plan for which I had paid!Concierge suggested that I use the wifi in the hotel and &quot;relax&quot; as I did business, or use the business center.All in all, a very disappointing stay, especially since this suite cost $ 505.00 per night. At this rate, no one should have to ask to have the bathroom cleaned of scum, repeatedly ask for drug paraphenalia to be removed, etc. The furniture was in poor shape; reading in the rooms was very difficult as the lamps are of unusual design. On the good side, the bed was extremely comfortable; wide screen TV in living area worked fine, but the bedroom TV could not recieve many station signals. Bedroom curtain (&quot;black out type) could not be rolled up two days in a row....made for a dark environment in which to try to work.Room service and restaurant food was very good; no coffee makers in the rooms, however (concierge stated that &quot;our guests do not mind paying for room service coffee&quot;). I needed a Chicago telephone directory; none are placed in the rooms as (concierge again) &quot;our guests do not seem to use them&quot;....they sent up a local directory of the area around the hotel...not helpful for my business needs.We will never stay here again, nor at another W hotel. The attitude of the staff was very condescending, as well as abrupt.Starwood hotels should review this property very closely. I have NEVER complained at, or after, ANY hotel stay in more than 20 years; I consider the stay at this hotel well below acceptable.	
Apr 15 2007 	I liked it but you might have better options	We stayed here for 3 days while our condo was painted. This is a great location in Chicago, though it is a bit isolated from public transportation. The buzz is strong here, especially in the summertime with the bar and the sundeck. If you plan on spending time shopping on Mich Ave, this is okay, but if you plan on doing more activities in the city, I would try and find another location. For example, in the Loop is the City Centre W, which I think is a much better property, as I do the Seattle W.Other than that, some minor things bothered me, like the shower flooding the entire bathroom floor, though that might have been more a function of the long showers than anything else (thanks to a great showerhead).The design touches are a mishmash: the showerhead noted above was great. The rocks in the hallway? Not so much. We might have had a B&amp;O stereo, which is also great, but we could tell some corners were cut in room furniture and furnishings. But then the room had a great deal more personality than most we've been in.	
Apr 15 2007	Days Inn	This was a Days Inn, and they spent about $5 converting it. It's the worst W I've stayed in. The lobby and bar look reasonably ok, but therooms are very poor quality. Seventies stipple-paint ceilings, with chipboard walls thru which you can hear everything and anything from your neighbours. As others have mentioned, there is a bizarre serving-hatch kind of thing into the bathroom which means limited privacy. Housekeeping was poor - no-one bothered to clean our room at all one day; the other days it was 'tidied' as opposed to 'cleaned'. We complained and got a night for free, which is decent of them, but ultimately, the premium you're paying for the W brand is not worht it	
Mar 20 2007	W Lakeshore Chicago.. great hotel not the best location.	Loved the W! It is not the best location, so you will spend extra on cabs or have to drive to get out. The rooms are a little small, but the bar is fun and had fun people at night. Friendly responsive staff. Overall great experience.	
Mar 19 2007 	Wonderful Experience	We Stayed at the W for 4 nights. Pretty neat hotel. Yes the walls were a little thin but we were there St Patty's night &amp; slept great!Beds were very comfortable, Pool was average. Very Hip, alot of 20 somethings having a good time. We had our 2 Boys with us (12 &amp;9) They thought it was verycool! The Bellman even gave them some waterbottles,games &amp; a yoyo on check out. I parked at Millenium garage on advice from the forum here to save on the $40/ night valet. The going rate is about $300, we paid only $120 because of Hotwire so it in my opinion was terrific value. My advice: If you can get a great rate it is more than worth it! We found Chicago to be very friendly to tourists- It really is a great city! with GREAT People!	
Mar 18 2007 	Obvious this hotel used to be a Holiday Inn	This was my first time staying at a W Hotel and I certainly hope the Lakeshore is not indicative of all W Hotels. When we arrived to check in at night we had to yell to be heard over the people partying in the lobby. I know W is a &quot;hip&quot; chain, but putting the check-in area in a quieter spot would not be too much to ask. The rooms were nice but not soundproof at all. (We awoke one morning to very amorous sounds from our neighbors and we also heard everyone coming home late at night as they traipsed through the hallway.)The decor was pleasing but nothing special. I expected more for $300 a night, and my room had no view at all. It's obvious from the layout and ugly exterior that this used to be a Holiday Inn. The bathroom was small and had a window opening between it and the main room. The opening closed with shutters, i.e. no soundproofing at all. I love my SO very much but there are times when privacy is nice.On the plus side, the staff was very helpful and friendly, the rooms, lobby and hall were very clean, and the mojitos in the bar were excellent! The location was ideal for a weekend in Chicago, close to the lake, Michigan Ave, etc.With all the hotels that Chicago has to offer, though, I would not stay here again unless the price were less than $140 a night.	
Mar 16 2007	All vibe and some content	When they tell you W Hotels are all trying for a specific vibe - they are - W Lakeshore succeeds in generating and delivering the vibe. It is however sometimes with substance and sometime with none at all. The check-in was delightful; the elevators hip with Cafe Del Mar and Hotel Costes tunes; the hallways and the lakeview room - socialist. It is not enough to convert an old concrete structure into a hip asipiring hotel - you have to do more! Small room; paper thin walls (had to endure a 30 minute intermittent alarm my first morning from an adjoining room at 6:30am); small bathrooms; inexplicable lack of privacy with the shutters and a sliding door for the bathroom; dust everywhere; low ceiling; a bit shabby furniture and yes, $25 dollar snacks. For the price - not a bargain.....The pool was good. Even though I cannot fathom(!) how you can have a sign by the pool stating that no single person alone can use the pool - so what about the hip, single executive wanting to recreate???? Food at the restaurant - nice! Tasty! With good service! Room service - well - one bathrobe provided when I reserved for 2 adults; towels taken away with no replacements left; eerie 2nd bed turndown after a turndown service was done (spooky to have someone in your room so often). Somehow not a value! All flash and some substance......Too expensive....May not go back since it is not such a great deal....	
Feb 27 2007	56 out of 150 hotels is about Right	W lakeshore is very very average hotel 56th is about ranking i would give too .All other reviews are about on ..Negatives ..Most W Hotels are hip/cool this one is loud ...very loud ..Registration desk/conceirge desk are in middle of disco so impossible for kids (and they are kids to hear)We had horrible staff experiences to very good ones with front desk mgr daniel ,security guard damion,and evening doorman .,room service waiters were excellent ..Negatives .There are alot ...besides noise ,in hallways ,guestrooms,no quiet place anywhere ..Housekeeping comes into room regardless of signs to do otherwise very intrusive ,We had to have 10 keys YES TEN KEYS made before we were able to get them to change locks ..one desk clerk told us it was obviously our fault ..even though their security staff (twice had to let us into our room and couldn't get us in with keys provided ... finally i took front desk mgr to room and after he couldn't get it to work ..lock was changed ..Would i stay there again NO ...rooms are in need rehab but told they are doing it .. but just not good enough for $300.00 we paid ..Extra charges above bill we're substantial City bed taxes 15% so expect 45.00 tax , NOT their fault but when added to ..14.95 for internet (most chains now free),movies 12.95 (instead 8.95) 800 phone call cost us 16.00 and 3.00 bottle water .. $40.00 for drycleaning suit, You are paying 5 star hotel prices for Hip Days Inn quality room experience .I'm in hotel business ,own hotels and recognize stuff happens nanywhere ..,How you correct it is what matters ..W stands for WAcky .. there are probably 54 better hotels in chicago .. go somewhere else .Location might be good in summer but winter not good choice either ..	
Feb 22 2007 	W for whatthe?	Here for 2 night stay at the trendy W. I could see the Navy pier attraction from my window but was told by staff that it wasn't safe to walk over there at night via the tunnel. So I was trapped... in a hotel where the registration desk is in the middle of a Eurotrash bar. Loud techno thumps where one is expected to complete transactions. Don't be dressed causally, you'll certainly feel out of place. Wear earplugs for the rooftop lounge but don't expect a quiet drink anywhere in the hotel. The rooms and halls are cool, but I was hoping for comfortable as well.	
Feb 6 2007 	Poor service poor quality poor experience overall	From the outset, the W Chicago Lakeshore was lacking the appeal that Starwood's W Hotels have everywhere else. The staff is incredibly curt. They make it visibly obvious that any request you may have -- be it as simple as a wake-up call -- is an inconvenience for them.The communication between the hotel's front-end and its other staff is poor as well. I asked not to be disturbed when I checked in as I had just gotten in from a long flight and wanted to nap a little bit. To my surprise and disgust, a housekeeper walked right into my room without so much as a knock at the door. She claimed not to have been told that there was a guest in the room. The hotel insisted on buying me dinner at their restaurant -- Wave -- that evening (which was WONDERFUL, actually).The design of the hotel is poor. As another reviewer mentions, this was formerly a Days Inn (or some other such lesser quality hotel). As such, the infrastructure is thin and in need of repair. Entire conversations can be heard from adjacent rooms. The management is all too concerned with themselves to be of any assistance to the guests in this regard. In fact, when I mentioned it to them, the manager said, &quot;Well you got an adjustment yesterday; what more do you want from us?&quot; I was appalled to have been spoken to in that way. I wanted my reservation to have been carried out just as it was planned; I was looking for nothing special at all. It was audacious and overly obnoxious for the manager to have behaved that way. &quot;Whatever/Whenever&quot; at this hotel is more like &quot;Nothing/Never.&quot;After three nights of the same types of experiences (plumbing not working correctly, housekeepers ignoring the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on the door, entering the room when the guests are present, noise from adjacent rooms, and the audacity of the management), we relocated to the W Chicago City Centre. Our experience there was highly enjoyable and made up for all of the inconveniences at Lakeshore. When we return, we'll head straight to the City Centre hotel (or to the Intercontinental on Michigan Ave., which seemed incredible!).Last thing to mention is the decoration of the room: I was not expecting to have a window -- with shudders! -- leading from the bathroom into the main part of the room. It was an awkward design, to say the least.	
Jan 15 2007 	OK Stay at the W	I stayed at the W Lakeshore for one night on January 13th. I would agree with the previous post that had both pros and cons. The views are indeed fabulous. I loved that I could work out in the healthclub overlooking the lake. The hotel is totally hip and trendy, although I will say that I was not overly impressed with the Whiskey Sky bar. I personally like the lobby bar much better. Also, the hotel smells fabulous and the location is great. On the downside, I thought the walls were a little thin. You could hear everyone open and close their doors all down the hallway. I also didn't really care for the shutter window and shuttered door concept on the bathroom. It leaves much to be desired for privacy. The only other thing worth mentioning, which has also been mentioned before, is that they do nickel and dime you to death. I'm used to mini bar prices being high, but $6 for a small bottle of water is ridiculous. Breakfast for two a la carte in the restaurant ( not room service ) was $40 with the tip. I will say though, due to the great location there are plenty of nearby dining options outside the hotel that won't break you. Everyone that I dealt with on the staff was great and if I could get a decent rate I would stay at this hotel again.	
Dec 31 2006 	You should try it ONCE and make up your mind	Really, you should try this hotel once and decide for yourself. This was my third trip with my family and my kids think it is the coolest place on earth; the pool with the word &quot;wet&quot; at the bottom, the fluffy beds and techno beats playing as a backdrop to the whole experience...it is much cooler than well....me. I don't like the dark hallways, feel as though they are dark only because the place has something to hide. Frankly, it might. The hotel is not new by any stretch of the imagination; but it is comfortable. As I checked in this time, there was a guy in his late 40's checking in with a &quot;girl&quot; in her mid 20's just in front of me. It struck me that if I were to be unmarried or even, having an affair...this would be the hotel where I'd want to make it happen! The place is full of mojo. The beds are comfy, the service is fine and the view from the lakeside is lovely. Try it once.	
Dec 21 2006 	Ridiculously outstanding!	Was stuck in Chicago for a few days due to a huge storm in Denver - booked my room through Starwood Preferred Guest and from the moment I entered the lobby, I knew I was in for an experience. Exceptional customer service by all staff. The small touches are what I noticed at the W ... a real person instead of a recording for the wake up call ... staff noting their names and indicating that I could call them personally for any needs ... an attentive concierge with great suggestions ... turndown service on request .... Just wonderful. Hip, trendy lobby scene - rooftop bar is a little crowded and small, but the views from 33rd floor were likely stunning. Since I was traveling alone, I far preferred the &quot;Living Room&quot; lobby bar. Less clubby. Better people watching. My 23rd floor lakeview room featured a luxurious shower - a deluge from above! A perfect weekend that could have been spent at a regular, boring, chain turned into an adventure to remember. Absolutely, stay at the W Lakeshore.	
Dec 18 2006 	Recommended hotel	I just spent a few nights at the W Chicago Lakeshore and enjoyed it. I have stayed at the W in San Francisco, so I had an idea of what to expect. The staff was pleasant, the room comfortable and the ammenties were nice. At $300 a night for the regular rate, I would choose another hotel in Chicago, but it was a steal for what I got on Hotwire. As for the prices, they are in line with other four star hotels, so I do not understand all the complaining from other postings. I like the room/bathroom design and the beds are excellent. The concierge was helpful and pleasant.	
Dec 13 2006 	disappointed	My daughter made reservation through hotwire, so not sure of the exact total, but was around $150, I would have been very ,very upset if we had paid their usual room charge. Reading the reviews I was sure that the hotel would be great, a little different, but good .This used to be a days inn, and that is what it looked like, a cheaper hotel that they had tried to make look elegant and hip, but failed. The good was their bar, didn't go there but it did look inviting with a view. Location was very good if you wanted to go to Navy Pier.Indoor pool, on the small side, no hot tub. Comfortable beds, plazma tv. The bad, Small rooms, city view of roof tops, black ceilings in rooms, drab colors,not even enclosed closet, just a rod, such as you would find in Days inn. Bathroom,not enough water pressure, not enough hot water, color was grey with one wall red, not enough lighting, a pocket door that did save some space, but then they added a wood shuttered window opening from bathroom to bed area, that you could open from both sides, some might think that is trendy, but I did not. The hallways were on the dark side, with small rocks placed on both sides, the entire length of the hall , very different, I haven't saw that done in any other hotel. But I doubt if anyone would say they wanted to stay here because they had rocks in the hallway. I get really ticked off about bottled water in the rooms, I feel that if hotels place water in the room it should be complimentary, the W charges $3 for a small bottle, and $6 for the larger version. I was hesitant to make the coffee in the room, not sure if they were going to charge a fee for that also. Coffee in the morning downstairs was over $3, that is not a good thing. We have stayed at numerous hotels in Chicago, for the money this one was very disappointing. There are lots of better looking hotels in this city, with more services offered for the money. I would have to say I won't be staying here a second time.	
Dec 12 2006 	We love the W and had a great time	Me (36) and my girlfriend (32) stayed here for 3 nights with some other friends of us (same age) and a couple (in the mid 50s) and we all liked the hotel.Of course the style of the hotel is very hip and modern, we love that, and thats one of the reasons why we went there.The stuff was very friendly, rooms are very nice, bathroom is very nice and the location is also very nice.I was reading some reviews people complaining about the internet and stuff like that - I don't no nothing about it, because we were there for a holiday trip. I didn't use the internet. Also some people say in there reviews that there are alot stylish, hip young people staying at this hotel. We had a couple travling with us and they are about 55 years old and they also liked the hotel very much.The lobby is nice and also very modern.I would defently go there again.	
Nov 28 2006 	Trendy but nothing that impressive!	We visited the hotel because my husband was there on business. The W definitely lives up to its reputation as a trendy young hotel, however the accomodations themselves are not truly comfortable or &quot;luxury&quot;.. The lobby also doubles as a bar/lounge, and is full of young hip people almost every night of the week. IT's great to have a place to hang out at your fingertips. The hotel is relatively central and was within walking distance to Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. The rooms however while being cool are very average and really rather small. There is a bathroom with a sliding Japanese style door, that works sometimes. The bathroom had only a shower, and was tiny. I must say that the bed was very comfortable, however the walls are paper thin. We could hear our neighbor's every move all night long. Additionally there was no wireless internet which is a huge let down for the business traveler. In summation if we had been visiting Chicago purely to party and have fun the hotel would have been a great choice. It's young, fun and a great place to meet people. However, we were there on business. Not being able to sleep, having small accomodations that don't give you room to work, and not being in a business environment is just not conducive to work. Hope this helps you make a great decision.	
Nov 28 2006 	should be "D" for DON'T!	overpriced. it would not be terrible if it weren't priced to compete with hotels that &quot;get it,&quot; but they don't. hallways swarming with cleaning crews who seem to spend most of the morning talking to each other. third try at making a room key worked. worst: no wifi in rooms, and concierge reported that there are no plans to provide it. 1990's-era dsl is available at an exorbitant price, of course. this after a phone call BEFORE booking yielded an assurance that there is wifi.however, even if you decide to travel to the past and use dsl, you can't send email using your own mailserver, because the amateurs who administer the network have blocked port 25 in a misguided attempt to thwart spammers.add to these problems the crowbar marks on many door jambs and you have a hotel whose time has come and clearly gone. there are hotels where i gladly pay 12 dollars for croissants. this is not one of them. for one thing, the croissants are the size of silver dollars. the staff are very good-looking, and the views of lake michigan are wonderful. but don't let those details convince you to spend your money here. w has a trendy surface, frayed around the edges, with nothing underneath.and don't drink the voss water until you read the itty bitty price tag.	
Nov 28 2006	Great people hotel BUT overcharging for basics	Another great W Hotel experience. Every staff member we encountered was pleasent. We were a party of 2 adults and a 3-year old. The chaise in the king-bed room was perfect for the child's bed. We enjoyed breakfast in the restaurant and fun drinks in the lounge. Our only complaint was the shocking price of &quot;the little stuff&quot; such as $5 for our child's apple juice.	
Nov 20 2006 	Beware!!! Bait And Switch!	Arriving late and exhausted after an epic day of flight delays we arrived at the W's Lakeshore's check-in and were told that the room we had booked was no longer available. They gave us $10 and told us to find taxi to the other W at the Chicago City Center. We had specifically chosen the W Lakeshore for its location, its lake views and the pool, so shuffling us off to their other hotel which offers none of these perks, was outrageous. Beware...you may also be the victim of a bait and switch. The W staff was unapologetic, and mainly interested in pushing us out the door. I asked to speak with a hotel manager, and was told that he was busy, and that someone would call me in the morning. No one did. I'll never book at any W again. We ended up staying at the Park Hyatt. Were given top-notch service, a great room, and when they heard how the W treated us, they sent a complimentary bottle of wine and a delicious cheese course to our room. We felt utterly welcomed and relaxed! It was a rough night, but I'm happy I didn't end up staying at the W. It looks really cheesy and cheaply constructed. There were guys wearing big gold chains and sunglasses at night, posing, and preening with their giant SUVs by the hotel main doors. Once inside, expect pounding the music in the lobby area. The W may not guarantee its room reservations, but it does offer complimentary blasting music all night long. It was impossible to talk at a regular volume. The front desk attendant basically was shouting at us. If your room is on a lower floor, plan on clubbing all night. My 4 words of advice: Stay at Another Hotel!	
Nov 9 2006 	Great time!	A friend of mine and I decided on a whim that we needed to take a mini vacation and found a comparable rate at the W. The staff was friendly, the designs- super hip, and the hotel rooms nice and clean. I can't comment enough about what a sweet stay we had. The location of the hotel is just a few blocks from the shopping and restaurants of miracle mile. We took a cab once...and had no problem getting to and from our point of interest. Of the three evenings we were in town, we spent one full evening mingling and enjoying the lounge and bar of the hotel. It was def. nice not to have to leave the hotel to have a good time. Overall, it was one of the most relaxing stays I've had at a hotel. I highly recommend this hotel to those looking to have a good time and to be treated kindly.	
Nov 3 2006 	We'll be back!	My husband and I flew up from South Florida to meet my two best friends from NJ there to celebrate my 31st birthday in Chicago. The weather was suprisingly gorgeous, (high 40's low 50's) which made the short walk to Magnificent Mile from the W very pleasurable. The hotel seemed like the place to be. We arrived at midnight on Friday and the lobby was live w/ what looked like an afterwork crowd at the bar. Everytime you stepped out of the elevator you felt like you were at a party, or in the least a lounge. The music was not loud or overbearing as many have posted on this site. It is not a hotel I would recommend bringing your children to, and it is best suitable for anyone ranging from 23-40 who enjoys the party scene. The rooms were nice, beds and linens were very comfortable, and the bathroom was adequate (and yes the Bliss products were a total plus). The lighting was dim ( the type of lighting that makes you look flawless) which after a while can get on your nerves, but not enough to make me not want to stay here again. Back to the lobby- perfect for casual lounging while taking full advantage of their free wifi and sipping on a cocktail. The barmaids were extremely friendly and come by any part of the lobby you are in to take your order, so you don't even have to get up to go to the bar.  We found a great restaurant on Rush St called Heaven on Seven (Hi Mike!!) which served the best GUMBO we've yet to taste. They have an endless collection of hot sauces w/ all sorts of crazy names. They also have a great breakfast menu. Sears Tower was totally disappointing and was just a check on our list of things to do in Chicago. However, the corner of the Sears Tower was like a ride at Universal Studios. The wind on that corner was something fierce- we couldn't even get the cab door open, which was really strange since it wasn't windy anywhere else. The mall at the Water Tower Place was great. Best boot collection I've ever seen at the Lord &amp; Taylor's there. Best deep dish pizza is hands down , Giordano's. (Pizzeria Uno- the original- doesn't carry the same menu as the franchised Uno's do, and they don't have the happy hour menu's either- in my opinion- not worth the visit). We found a cool Irish Sports Bar w/ great drink specials called O'tooles. There is a place called West Egg that seemed like a great breakfast spot- but the wait was 25 mins so we didn't eat there. The menu looked great tho, and the prices were just right. You have to tip the copper cowboy on Magnificent Mile to take his pic, but definitely one for the memoir books. We took a 10 min cab ride to the Funky Buddha Lounge, and had a blast. Great place to meet locals who can tell you about other places to check out. Navy Pier was nice. You feel obligated to go since the W is directly across from it, but other than the Forest Gump impersonator in front of the Bubba Gump restaurant, it wasn't no where near the highlight of my trip--although the ferry ride around Lake Michigan made for great pics. There is a free trolley that travels all around. Ask the concierge for the schedule and it will save you alot of time and cab money. My friends took the train from Midway and said it was really easy to figure out. We took a cab from O'hare and that ran us approx $40 w/ tip. Depending on what time of year you go (weather permitting) there's lots to see and do within walking distance of the W. On our last night there we checked out the Whiskey Bar on the 33rd floor, but it was EXTREMELY dark and SMALL. Smoking is permitted, so if you don't smoke, it's not the place for you since it's so small the cigarette smell will linger all over you. Last, but definitely not least for me, we visitied the Chicago Public Library. 10 Floors!!! A library enthusiasts heaven!! Overall, I loved Chicago. It was exactly how I pictured, full of culture and diversity and proud of their locals who flourish in the arts. I can't wait to go back and check out Bucktown and Old Town.	
Nov 3 2006 	Nice stay at the Hip and Trendy W Lakeshore	Great hip and trendy hotel. Like the other W hotels the bar (Whisky Sky) is a big scene. My stay was during the week so it was very quite. I must say I was impressed by the level of service (expecting less from some of the reviews). The room was clean; amenities include daily newspaper, toiletries from their Bliss spa, robe, hairdryer, and comfy bed with down comforter &amp; pillows. There was a full business center on the 7th floor equipped with MACs and PCs. A great view of the Lake from the business center. The view from my room was only a city view; I guess that's what I get for booking with an online booking agent. Only ran into one snooty concierge, but she provide adequate info. Overall a great stay. Next time I will try to get an appointment at the spa!	
Nov 1 2006	Fantastic Hotel	I have to admit that after reading the reviews, I was slightly hesitant about staying at The W Lakeshore. But it lived up to the hype that usually surrounds W hotels - it was awesome. The staff was incredibly nice and accommodating. They helped us with cabs and suggested which places to visit over others. When it came to go out at night, the bartenders made some wise suggestions. When we got back at around 2 AM, it wasn't that crazy like some people have suggested in earlier reviews. Yes there were people in the lobby but it did not prevent us from making it up to the room. The rooms were beautiful - save the black ceilings - which does indeed make it difficult to apply your make up. They supply make up mirrors so you can see up close. The Bliss products were incredible. My friend actually bought the travel kit they sell in the gift shop, Love the facial scrub. The beds were comfy and were so cozy to get in after a night out on the town. Overall it was a great experience and when I go back to Chicago I definitely intend on staying there again.	
Oct 30 2006	Fine Line	There is a fine line between hip and cheesy and the line is drawn right down the middle of this hotel. I felt like I was staying in a Saturday Night Live skit...Night at the Roxbury meets Deiter the uber hip German. They try so hard to be hip but if you have to try, it just isn't hip.	
Oct 30 2006 	Very nice	We really like this hotel.I booked my company to stay here for a tradeshow at McCormick Place. It sounded nice and had a good location. Reading other reviews, I was worried it might be too trendy for my group, but everyone really liked it, from our president to sales manager to sales people. It was in a good location for shopping and restaurants. Rooms were very swanky. It has modern, fun decor. All employees were very courteous. While I did see some families here, I wouldn't bring my kids because I felt is as an adult atmosphere, which is fine - we need that sometimes.My only complaint would be I'd prefer more lighting in the bathroom - but that was no big deal.	
Oct 30 2006 	Uber Trendy!	Uber Trendy hotel! You'll see other reviews that compare it to a set of Sex in the City, and they're correct. However, The Ritz, this isn't. If you like traditional hotels, don't stay here for the following reasons: the bathroom lacks privacy because there's a shuttered window in it; the rooms are dark with stark lighting; the hallways are dark with mood lighting; the lobby is party central; the lobby and common areas smell like the spa and after awhile, it's a bit nauseating; the hotel shop has overpriced junk and little or no sundries; no phone books in the rooms and 24 hours a day there's the boom boom boom of techo music in all of the common areas. The upside? Wonderful location, comfy beds, nice in-room flat screen, terrific personnel and you'll feel like you're cutting edge hip just because you're staying there!	
Oct 29 2006 	Unique experience	I found a great internet rate at this hotel for a quick overnight stay in Chicago. It has an idea location within walking distance to Navy Pier and the walk there is beautiful!The room was small, but adequate with an interesting decor.The food in the dining room was pricey and not exactly kid friendly.	
Oct 24 2006 	Enjoyed my stay	I stayed at the W Lakeshore recently while supporting my friends who ran the Chicago Marathon. I did not have to pay for my room as my friend used here Starwood points to book two rooms. Both of our rooms had excellent views, one of the lake/navy pier and one of the city. The room was very clean and trendy. The bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was very nice. I must admit that the sliding door on the bathroom and shutter window was not my favorite. Not a lot of privacy there. If you are traveling with someone you are comfortable with (spouse, sibling, etc.) it would be fine. The lobby area is very active. It does resemble a night club feeling. When we checked in on friday there was a DJ playing in the lobby and a lot of beautiful people around. I thought it was fun and great that you did not have to go far for drinks and people watching in a trendy setting. The staff was excellent and really tried to please our every need. The service was top notch. This hotel is for sure geared towards the younger crowd and we really enjoyed our stay. The location was excellent!	
Oct 17 2006 	Great autumn stay at the W	I was in town in mid-October '06 for a one-night stay to celebrate a special occasion and was very happy with my whirlwind stay at the W Lakeshore. Some accumulated SPG Points were used for the Saturday night visit, which was booked several months in advance online. As I checked in, the friendly desk person (one of three on duty to accomodate the afternoon rush) not only honored my last minute request for an upper floor room, she also also made it one with a lake view -- without my asking! Sweet. I have to admit, since I was using Starwood points rather than actual dollars here, I half-expected a potentially noisy lower level room with a blah view...Well, my shutterbug travel companion and I were both VERY pleasantly surprised to wind up with an even-numbered room on the 26th floor -- a quiet corner unit at the end of the hall, offering a sprawling and perfect view of Navy Pier and environs.Though the guest rooms in this particular hotel are a tad smaller than other the W's I've visited (a nod to this property's Days Inn past) our king room and compact bathroom were both well designed and tastefully decorated. While the rain shower head and over-sized plazma TV were both definitely appreciated, my fave ammenity was (once again) the room's &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot; - I slept great - AhhhhhFor those (like me) who enjoy walking, the bustle of Michigan Ave was close at hand - a few blocks to the west of the W's front door. The neighborhood surrounding the hotel also offers several nearby conveiniences, including the Ohio Ave tunnel under Lakeshore Dr, which offers quick access to the lakefront running and bike path (and beach). Also close by: Starbucks, White Hen, and a nice Italian deli. An Interpark public parking garage is a few doors to the west , too (enter off Erie) and its rate of $30/day is about $15-20 below the W's valet rate.For a hip, relaxing, scenic, and well-situated place to stay in the Windy City, give the W Lakeshore a try!	
Oct 10 2006 	Better than expected	Just returned from a two night stay at the W and based on the previous reviews, we weren't sure what to expect. We can say that we were pleasantly surprised. There was no check-in line and the bellmen were courteous and prompt. Our room was small but tastefully decorated and very clean. Would have preferred a queen or king bed, but none were available. There was plenty of lighting in the room and bathroom as needed, and my wife and I both felt the bathroom privacy was more than adequate. Perhaps we were fortunate, but upon turning in for the night, we heard no noise at all, other than the somewhat noisy (but not terrible) air conditioner.We did feel somewhat &quot;old&quot; at the hotel (we are both 43), but it is only intimidating if you let it get that way. Thought the see-thru walls in the public &quot;w.c&quot; at the Wave was a scream. This is the only W we have ever stayed in, so we can't offer a comparison to others, but, if you're looking for a different hotelexperience, the W is the place. We would definately stay here again as well as give other W's a try.	
Oct 10 2006 	Way over the top	We are four women in our early thirties from both the east coast and the west coast, who stayed for a long weekend at the W. This hotel had a good rate on Hotwire and we booked a non-smoking room with two double beds.The problems began once we arrived. It was difficult to tell even where to check in because there were so many people partying in the lobby, you couldn't even see where the check-in area was!!I know that the hotel cannot always accomodate your preference for smoking/nonsmoking, but we were assured on the phone that our room would be non-smoking because one of us has pretty serious asthma. However, we were told that there were no rooms available with the two double bed set-up, except a smoking room, so we had to take it.The room is very, very dark. Many previous reviews have noted the lack of good lighting, and the black ceilings don't help either. The air conditioning unit is very loud and we had to keep it on because of the smell of smoke in the room. The bathrooms are really lacking in privacy since the &quot;shutters&quot; and door are both hollow. The shower, however, was very nice, but there was not a fan in the bathroom to clear out the steam. We also had a problem with customer service. No one could get a train schedule for us (so we could figure out what time to take the blue line back to the airport) and we asked for a wake-up call for 8:00AM, but got two calls: one at 8:15 and one at 8:30. I would like to note that we were able to change rooms the last night of our stay (a Sunday night) to a non-smoking room, but we needed to make a fuss at the front desk in order to do so (we knew that many guests had left the hotel that morning). We did like the location of the hotel and were able to walk many places. However, given the above problems, we would not stay there again.	
Oct 9 2006	Not a place for a business visitor.	Stayed for 2 nights for a trade fare at Navy Pier. Location was great for walking to Navy Pier, but if you are going to hop in a cab to get there, becfuase of the one way system, you end up going a couple of blocks in the oppoite direction, which means it probably costs and takes the same time to get there as hotels a bit further away. And although it is across the road from the Lake, it is one big, busy, ugly road. The hotel itself is more like a night club than a hotel, and was the opposite of a tranquil escape after a hard days work. And as for a singles scene, when i was there, it was full of convention type people, not beautiful young people - not the sort of vibe I was expecting.Room itself was nice, but I would defo not stay here again.	
Oct 5 2006 	Not worth it	The room was upscale, the facilities upscale, but the hotel was populatednot so much by guests, but rather by roving patrons of the lobby and upstairs bars. The scene is very hot in the bars, but the hotel needs to keep non-guests off the other floors.During the day the place is calm, but after work and at night it is a party place for the singles scene.	
Sep 22 2006 	'W' stands for Worst Service Ever	A group of us stayed at the W lakeshore for a weekend for my sister's bachelorette party. We chose the package deal which was supposed to include a luxury suite for the bride and 3 friends, limo transportation to and from the clubs, and special VIP treatement at Le Passage. Instead, we got a suite with one king bed (for 4 people), a BUS, and the bouncers at Le Passage acted as though they had no idea what we were talking about. So obviously I'd never recommend the bachelorette package. In addition, checking in took forever, the staff was unfriendly and rude, and the hotel decor is overrated. The only thing we liked about our stay were the Bliss products in the bathroom!	
Sep 20 2006 	..not for this price/hotel level	Chicago is my hometown which is why I never used to know much about Chicago hotel rooms. However, now that I'm in DC, I travel as often as I can to Chicago and get to choose hotels. My favorite remains Sofitel (design/amenities) and Sutton Place (location/amenities). I love to travel and typically go at least 4, if not 5 star hotels. I took my boyfriend to the W because well, it's the W and the W in NYC is pretty nice. I do not recall the last time I left a hotel but we left W. OK, here is my review:For a long weekend, we were booked in their spectacular room overlooking navy pier/lake. GORGEOUS VIEW and if you're into that, this is the place for you wan to stay. While the room looked very pretty, it was NOT CLEAN. The rug needed a vacum and the duvet cover was dusty on top. While the bathroom was designed to look ultra chic, HORRIBLE LIGHTING , girls! never have I experienced such bad lighting in a small bathroom anywhere! I don't know how they managed to get it so poor but I was afraid to put makeup on not knowing what I'd look like. Also, the shower had no door and is a stand up only. Note it has no door and the water just runs into the entire bathroom..ridiculous design. The shades on the room were exceptionally difficult to pull down to cover the brilliant sun which comes in with the great view at like 6am. BOTTOM LINE: beautiful design requires some quality and thoughtfulness to make it practical. SERVICEWISE, I ordered some hot water after a late night out with friends at about 12:30 on a thursday night. I had to call 3x in order to get a cup of hot water delivered almost a full hour later! Suffice it to say, my boyfriend and I cked into Sutton Place as early as friday. I will say that he and other friends of mine particularly enjoyed their spa, Bliss though I can't comment on that. Also, admittedly their feather bed and sheets were ultra comfy. As a Chicago local, I would also add that W lakeshore is not the best location for your visit. OK for navy pier but it'll be a short cab ride to MI ave shopping/rush st./food. If you want to see and do more, better stay somewhere else.	
Sep 16 2006	Paper thin walls	Every W Hotel is cool. Although there were a couple things that made this particular stay just average. The front desk guy was somewhat useless. I blame it on hiring young people who don't have an ingrained sense of sophistication. I'm used to more professional individuals. The room was cute except the walls were paper thin. That's my biggest complaint. I could hear a phone ringing - at first I thought it was the one in my room. Then on the other side of my room, I could hear a couple talking just regulary. That made me nervous since it's not like they were speaking loudly. I was promptly moved to another room after my request. I probably won't stay there again. Come to find out the next day from my clients that this hotel was an old Holiday Inn! It all makes sense now.	
Sep 14 2006 	The Perfect Stay	I booked a stay at the W Lakeshore for my husband's 30th birthday. We both live in Orlando and he's a huge Cubs fan, so I planned the trip around going to a game at Wrigley Field. While I expected a lot from the W, they really blew both my husband and I away. Everyone, from the valet to the concierge to the front desk to the restaurant/bar staff to the Bliss Spa staff were top notch. Everyone always had a smile and kind word and were willing to do &quot;Whatever/Whenever&quot;. I had emailed that GM prior to arrival to let her know about my husbands birthday and they were kind enough to have fresh fruit, full size Bliss Spa products and a Cubs hat in our room when we checked in. The hotel is very &quot;hip&quot;. The lobby/bar area has great decor, great lighting and smooth House music playing. During the evening there's usually a pretty good size gathering hanging out and socializing. The restaurant, Wave, has great food and has a very unique feel. My husband said he felt like it should be in a movie. There's also a small, but very nice bar on the 33rd floor called Whisky Sky where we spent a couple of evenings and watched the fireworks go off at Navy Pier. The rooms themselves are a little small and dark, but still very nice with the whole modern feel. The bedding is awesome and there are big LCD TVs to watch if you decide to stay in. The bathrooms are nice and the shower had this half glass door thing which causes the floor gets a little wet, but nothing too bad.If you have time, there's a Bliss Spa on the 8th floor. We had an awesome experience there with facials and massages and, of course, great service. All and all, I highly recommend this property, especially if looking for something modern, stylish and young feeling. The service and atmosphere are great. The W played a huge part in making the trip special. We really look forward to going back.	
Sep 12 2006	This Hotel Rocks!	The lobby is like a tastefully done club lounge, complete with DJ's spinning both weekends nights we were there. Adds a touch of party-time to your trip. The rooms are well done, nice toiletries, firm bed, 42&quot; plasma TV. The rainshower head is nice, and if you can score a lake view, it's about the best overall hotel room feel in the city. Be ready to spend some cash - The valet is pricey ($44.00/nt), bottled water is $8.00/ and the location a few blocks off Michigan requires you to take cabs, but you get what you pay for with this hotel. We're definitely staying here next trip - it's worth it.	
Sep 5 2006 	Trying too hard	I am the ideal candidate for the W hotel. Late 20’s, a design enthusiast, avid traveler etc…That being said I did recognize the quality of the design and materials used at the “W”; Its look is first class which is what I expected from the hotel.My only complaint as for the look of the hotel is that the hallways where very dark giving it a night club atmosphere. This is O.K. at night but when you return from the Gym at 11:00AM it’s nice to see some light. The reason that I would not return to this hotel is the people (other guests). It really seems that everyone is trying so hard to impress wearing there seven jeans and energie shirts. It gives the feel of a fake “look at me attitude” I was there over a long weekend and it seems that half the people there can’t afford it but they scrounge the money together to be seen at the “W”. Many people will enjoy this hotel: great location, resourceful concierge, nice rooms with plasma TV’s and bliss care products etc…. I also think some people will relate to my comments and stay away. Being at a night club for 2 ½ straight days is kind of insane.	
Sep 4 2006 	Only for 30 and under	We were so disappointed in our visit, and will not return to any W hotels. This is NOT value at all! There was NO TURNDOWN SERVICENO SHOWER CAPS IN THE ROOMNO INFORMATION ABOUT THE CITY IN THE ROOMTINY BATHROOMcaraffes of coffee in the lobby each morning, but it turns out each cup (paper cup) was $3.50!No bar to have a drink--unless you don't mind waiting over 20 minutes (when it's empty) and don't mind the LOUD LOUD MUSIC--IN OTHER WORDS, FORGET CONVERSATION!The place is such a scene, there was a line w/bouncers just to enter the hotel at night--we had to fight through the line and could only enter once we showed our room card. Expect to fight to get an elevator too.I guess if you want a &quot;scene&quot; this is the place.	
Aug 30 2006 	Loved the place!	I absolutely loved this place. When you walk into the lobby, you feel as though you've walked into something straight off of Sex and the City. The decor is very trendy and eclectic. The bed in the room was so comfortable that I could've spent my entire time lying in it. I loved the oversized brown suede chaise lounge that was in the room. The room had a flat screen television with beautiful furniture. I love the outdoor seating area where you could sit and take on the lake breeze which happens to be right across the street. The hotel is walking distance of Navy Pier.The lobby is turned into a &quot;night club&quot; after hours so if peace and tranquility is your objective then that won't be achieved here. It was a plus for me because we were able to party right in the lobby and stumble up to our room right after. This hotel is for people who are full of life and energy... Not the stuffy pretentious types.The staff were very accomodating and seemed genuinely friendly. Although I didn't get the opportunity to visit the spa, pool or many of the hotels amenities, what I did experience I loved.	
Aug 26 2006	Bad bones - Ok skin....	My partner and I love a modern, chic hotel. This is why I am a big fan of the W brand. However, I also like new, which the W Lakeshore is not. At first glance the property looked amazing but as you looked closer you could tell it was an old hotel that had a lot of issues covered up by dim lighting and modern fixtures.The Bliss spa was awesome. One of the best spa facilities I've been to and very reasonably priced.On weeknd nights the the lobby turns into a hip hop lounge with hundreds of people. We had to wait in line to simply get through the front door of our hotel. It seemed to be a very rough crowd. The concierge said they planned on getting a different DJ to try to distract the current crowd from coming to the W.Overall, it is a great location. Helpful staff and you can definitely get good rates. However, if you are hoping for something new and modern, this place misses out on the new.	
Aug 20 2006 	Better Than I Expected for Kids	We booked our hotel on Hotwire, and as a result had no idea where we were staying until we finalized our reservations. We were travelling with our two boys, ages 9 and 14, and I was a little nervous about our stay after reading several of the reviews. Namely that the hotel was high on attitude and not a good place for kids.Overall, we were very pleased with our visit. Not only did we NOT encounter attitude from the staff when we walked in with our kids in tow; they could not have been more accomodating. Everyone on staff, without exception, was as friendly and helpful as I have ever encountered in a hotel. We enjoyed the hotel's proximity to Navy Pier and Magnificent Mile (both about a 5-10 minute walk).The decor in the lobby was very modern and appealing, and always hopping with lots of people hanging out and enjoying a cocktail. I would have enjoyed the lobby &quot;scene&quot; more without the kids. I found our room however to be dark and showing wear, and not as appealing as the lobby. The pool was very nice, and I was relieved to find other kids playing in it, as kids do. No shushing or dirty looks from other patrons, as one might expect in a hotel with &quot;attitude&quot;.Probably would not be my first choice for a family vacation, as it is truly geared towards adults. But if you happen to get a great rate, as we did, don't shy away just because you'll have the kids with you. You won't be alone.	
Aug 20 2006	Interesting but don't look too hard for quality.	Having stayed at W Hotels in Sydney (now called Blue), Los Angeles and New York, I was looking forward to my 3 nights at the Chicago version. Based on the previous stays, this one simply fails to meet the standard. Staff are eager to please, but the place itself is a let-down. Room decor was trendy 10 years ago, about the same time as the noisy air-con units were last serviced I think. Rooms are small, poorly maintained (eg wet stain on carpet on arrival) and generally &quot;tired&quot;.So, is the hotel chic? Hardly. Chic is more than decor, it is the guests as well. Sharing a lift with a drunken guy in cut-off jeans maybe considered chic in Chicago, I have no idea, but not my idea at all.	
Aug 10 2006 	Will Only Stay @ W From Now ON!	This hotel totally rocked and was possibly one of the BEST hotels I have every stayed in! Mind you, I am in their target demographic of mid-20s to early 30s. If you were my parents, you would probably be annoyed.What We Liked:1) The Hilarious Nightclub Feel! Yes those are club beats pumping in the lobby, elevator, swimming pool and gym. Is it completely necessary? No. But would you get this in any other hotel? Probably not. It was just fun to roll with and laugh. U2's Vertigo blaring in the lobby was also a cool touch.2) The Ultra-NEW Gym - Yes, there are TV screens built into your elliptical and treadmill that overlooks the lake on the 7th floor. Chilled towels, apples and a large flat screen TV were also great!3) The Rooms - Bliss Spa Products worth $25 alone stocked into your bathroom everyday. Clear glass enclosed shower and a large LG flat widescreen TV in our room. Comfy bed and chaise!4) Free Cookies &amp; Juice in the lobby!What We Disliked:1) Loud, Old Air-Conditioning Unit - Would literally wake you up sometimes and overpower the volume of the TV.2) The $41/Day Valet Parking - Skip this part and park at the hotel next door (enter off Erie St.) at the Standard Parking Lot for $28/Day. Leave your car and walk only 3 blocks to Mag Mile.Enjoy Your Trip!	
Aug 9 2006 	Nice but soulless	This was my first time staying at a W, and it was adequate, but not remarkable. The decor is fashionable and modern, but also bland and unimaginative. The service was great for the most part, except for Saturday night, when a doorman demanded to see our IDs or hotel keys before letting us enter. This seemed like a consequence of the W's burdensome and contrived hipness. On the practical side, the walls were too thin and and air conditioning unit was very noisy. But the beds were very comfortable, room service food was delicious, and the Bliss bath products were a nice surprise. And the location was wonderful.It's not hard to stay at the W, but I will try the Hotel Burnham on my next trip to Chicago. It's in the same price range, and seems to have more character without being so desperately cool.	
Aug 8 2006 	Worst Hotel I Have Ever Been In	Terrible Hotel, Loud, Dirty, Rude employees.waited and hour to have our luggage sent up then after finally calling to find out where it was it came another half hour later.No phone books in the rooms which really stinks if you need to find a local number. Called to have one sent up (never came)We went down to borrow one and it took 5 people at the front desk to come up with one.Could not wait to get out of this place, it was awful. It was just an unorganized mess. Walls are paper thin, chairs in bar are plastic. Extrememly loud music is playing 24/7. Definitely not for the 40 something crowd. Maybe the 20 somethings if they don't care about where they are staying, want to pay $10.00 for a drink and sit on plastic chairs. There was not rhyme or reason to this place, it was just a mess.We had an awful stay. Very dissapointed.	
Jul 15 2006	Love this Atomsphere	I am Starwood Gold member and used my star points for a weekend getaway at the W; I arrived at 10am and the front desk was able to get me a room immediately. I had problem with my television upon entering my room the front desk sent someone up within ten minutes to repair it ; the problem happend again after the maintenance repair man left; the next time the front desk sent two gentlemen up and they replaced my television with and brand new one and gave me a free in room movie. Not only were the two gentlemen courteous but they also talked to my friend on the telephone and gave him directions to the hotel that would help him avoid rush hour traffic. I loved the lunch menu at Wave the food was wonderful as was my server who treated me like I was his only customer. I loved the DJ in the lobby. The workout room was great, it was wonderful to do cardio with a view of Lake Michigan. The room was wonderful , the bed made you not want to get out of it; the showerhead in the bathroom was great and the soaps and lotions from Bliss spa were great. The Bliss spa was great the staff was wonderful and the snacks in the waiting room were delicious. I will definitely stay here again.	
Jul 7 2006	really cool vibe at this hotel	This place is very nice. The staff all the way from the valet attendant to the front desk to the bellhop to the room service attendant...top notch helpful and friendly!! The room was a bit small for my taste and the bathroom had limited privacy. My room had this pacific island theme and there was a window with shutters that separated the living area from the bathroom...weird!! But it was kinda cool. The &quot;heavenly&quot; beds were very comfy and the view was great looking out across Lake Michigan. I'd have to say the only downside to this hotel is the fact that they were in the middle of renovations during my stay and we had to &quot;pardon the dust&quot;....I understood. Hey, they have to upgrade at some point, right?? And the weirdest thing would have to be when we came back at about 2 AM after the wedding we attended was over, we pulled up and to find the lobby has been transformed into a nightclub. I thought this was very interesting except for the fact that there was about 10 people laying down outside and they were clearly inebriated and ready to puke. I mentioned to my brother that if we were just arriving for the first time right then, I would've been very turned off that such a high class hotel turns into a pukefest nightclub. Don't get me wrong, I think the whole nightclub thing in the lobby was cool...just not the puking guests laying all over the place outside the front entrance. All in all, this is a fantastic place to stay in a tremendous location just 4 blocks from the magnificent mile!!	
Jul 5 2006	Mixed Results	As a Starwood Platinum member, I was excited to use points to stay for the July 4th weekend. Unfortunately, the weekend ended up being a mixed bag due to some unexpected items (see below). My wife, 19-month old son, and I spent four nights in a King room on the 27th floor with a lake view. Below is a summary of our experience:Great:- Amazing view of Lake Michigan and Navy Pier- Easy access to the path along Lakeshore Drive and to Navy Pier- Comfortable beds (the standard Starwood &quot;heavenly&quot; bed)- Nice soaps/amenities (Bliss spa soaps and gels)Okay:- Hotel is right on Lakeshore Drive, but is a bit of a hike to Michigan Avenue and the nearest train stop- Housekeeping was adequate...on one day, they hadn't made up our room as late as 4pm.Not Good:- The hotel trys too hard in the &quot;chic&quot; category. The hallways and rooms are much too dark - after spending a bit of time in the room, we felt claustophobic due the color schema.- Way too many drunks during the evening - the hotel is integrated with a bar on the 32nd floor which means you're riding up and down with all the party-goers each evening. Not cool when you're traveling with a toddler.- The elevators are extremely slow. There are four total, which are shared with the staff and club-goers. This ended up being a big pain everytime we came and went from the hotel.In summary, if you're a twenty-something single who likes to party, this is your place. Although, I will note that the &quot;W look&quot; is beginning to look a bit worn and tired (I question how much longer they'll be able to stay hip). Personally, the next time we use points in Chicago, we'll stay at either the Westin on Michigan Ave. or the one in River North.	
Jul 4 2006	What Wonderful Service....We Can't Say Enough....	From some of the comments that we read on this website about this being a hotel for the younger, business types and the hotel itself being of a contemporary nature and style, my husband and I both were kind of apprehensive about staying here at the W Lakeshore since we are both in our 50's. But we wanted to stay at a hotel right on the shore of Lake Michigan for our vacation that could provide us with a good view, and the W seemed to be the only one located right on the Lake. Well, my husband and I have just returned home after a 4 night stay at the W Hotel Chicago Lakeshore and I felt compelled to come back to Tripadvisor to post our comments about this hotel and their extraordinary service. First of all, I must say that we were both completely overwhelmed by the excellent service there. We have stayed in a variety of hotels over the years, and have NEVER experienced any stay at a hotel like we have just experienced staying at this W. From the moment that we checked in on Friday, 6/30/06, with their courteous, quick, and helpful staff, to leaving today, 7/4/06, we can't express enough positive comments about their wonderful service and first-rate, friendly staff. Each and every one of the staff members who we encountered just seemed to bend over backwards and go out of their way to comply with our requests. Our every need was met in a timely manner and well above any of our expectations, not to mention their extreme friendliness and very sincere concern that we were satisfied while staying there. The room met all of our needs with all the amenities that we could possibly ask for, and provided us with an extremely overwhelming view of Lake Michigan, the Navy Pier and even fireworks. It was also kept very clean and tidy by the housekeeping staff, providing fresh towels and linens every day.We both were extremely impressed by the W Hotel Lakeshore and the hotel staff, and if we ever get the chance to come back to Chicago, the W Lakeshore is definitely where we will stay.	
Jun 28 2006	Hip Fun Hotel	What a refreshing change from Marriotts, Hyatts, Hiltons, etc. This hotel is definitely for young professionals - but I enjoyed none the less. Wonderful room, wonderful bed, so nice to have a &quot;snack&quot; box without that irritating alarm system that charges you if you remove item longer than 30 seconds! Loved the Bliss products. Hotel was very dark (intriguing) loud, but not unbearable, loud dance music, lots of young folks in lobby/bar area and definitely not your typical elevator music! The public bathrooms are a hoot (rocks in the sinks) beaded entries, dark. The hallways are dark, with red lights, lined with troughs of rocks and room numbers are large red numbers at your door stitched into the carpet - yes it is that dark. They use cute names for things, i.e. the gym is called &quot;sweat&quot; and the pool is called &quot;wet&quot;. They love candles in that hotel and the staff is young, hip (GQ looking) but nice. that is why a copy of Rolling Stone Magazine was in my room.I was there for a conference for 2 days (3 nights) and stayed in my room in that wonderful bed, glass of wine, good book instead of wandering outside.	
Jun 15 2006	Amazing Hotel 5Stars!!!	The W hotel is the most modern and unique hotel i have ever been too. everything was extremely modern and up to date. when you first walk into the reception there is a lively atmosphere, and the staff extremely helpful. the rooms were very nice and funky.i would recommend this hotel to under 50s, as i feel it was be a little too modern for the older residents. there is a night club on the 33 floor. i loved the design of this hotel and the whole modern style. would deffinately stay here again and at any other W hotel!an amazing experience!!! *****	
Jun 13 2006	A fun change	Stayed at the W for a night and loved it. Yes, it's a little too &quot;hip&quot; (I felt like the room was saying, &quot;you're wearing THAT?&quot; to me) but found the decor interesting. I loved the glass-walled shower and gray slate in my bathroom, the open window between my bedroom and bathroom, the Bliss soaps and conditioners - finally, a hotel that gets that women don't use soap on their faces! There are little wear-and-tear signs - chips in the black furniture finishes, etc. - but the bed was heavenly and the plasma TV and soft music from the CD player were wonderful. My discounted room faced the city and I left the blinds open at night to see the city lights. Staff were unfailingly pleasant and helpful. Got into my room early - I arrived at 12:30 in the afternoon - which was wonderful.In short, I was wishing my husband could be there to share the fun!	
Jun 4 2006 	W for Wow	This is a funky, cool hotel. Nice gym, great room service, great staff. Be careful of parking though. It's a whopping 41 bucks a night to park your vehicle.Still a great hotel.	
May 24 2006	Great Attitude too funky for me	I recently stayed for a business conference at the W hotel on Lake Shore Dr in Chicago. The only good thing I could say about it was that the staff had a nice attitude. HOWEVER, the hotel itself was converted from a Ramada and it was dark and attempting to be &quot;chic&quot; . While I do not consider myself chic, I know it when I see it and this place was trying WAY TOO hard. The bathrooms in the lobby were almost unisex in that one could see through an opaque wall into the other sex' sink area. A sign on the male portion read &quot;Wave, Wink and meet her outside&quot; or something to that effect. Just stupid.The room was small. It was very tight from the end of the bed to the bureau and the paint was already starting to chip. I stayed on the 32nd floor. I will never understand how hotels have not moved to energy saving flourescent bulbs in rooms.. what a waste. I resented the litterally everything in the room seemed to be for sale. Not only was there VOSS Sparkling water with no lable on it saying that it was $8.00 a pop but there were also price lists (once I found them) for a stuffed bear, a W baseball cap etc. Tacky not chic.My most important criticism was that the fee for internet service was $15.00 per day until NOON the next day. (Upon checkin the front desk told me it was simply 24 hours, they should know how it is done.) Hotels have to get with the program and stop charging extra for this amenity. This is rediculous for a hotel that calls itself &quot;business class&quot; . I resent this a great deal.Finally, check your bill. I stayed on the &quot;City Side&quot; of the hotel and was able to hook into the many open wireless connections across the street so I never used the hotel's expensive internet connection. My bill stated that I had. The front desk took it off the bill but I am angry that they thought I had connected. I NEVER even plugged it in.	
May 23 2006	Nice Hotel	Stayed here mid-May 2006 on business. My room was nice and large, on the upper floors. Comfortable beds. Quick friendly service, great location across from the lake. I would definitely stay here again.	
May 15 2006 	Enjoyed my stay at the W!	Have to admit I was apprehensive about staying at the W having read some of the reviews here. Fortunately, I wasn't disappointed.The W is very different from the usual hotels in terms of concept &amp; decor- very Zen like with lighting in their rooms &amp; lobby that sets the mood &amp; reflects their vision of the warmth of cool- I loved it! Had a city view room on the 31st floor - thoroughly enjoyed the room amenities: their signature bed (pillows were abit too soft for my liking though), chaise lounge armoire, 27' plasma colour tv, cotton robe &amp; Bliss products in the bathroom. The bathroom was abit on the small side with just a shower, no tub.... but I liked the open concept and wooden window shutters &amp; sliding wooden door gave it a resort-like feel. The closet for hanging clothes just had a cloth curtain, no doors- it was interesting. The CD player with soothing music playing was a very pleasant welcome into the room after having endured a 16-hour flight into the States! I didn't spend alot of time at the hotel though (only stayed 3 nights)- during the day, was out &amp; about the Magnificent Mile and attending a day conference at the Westin Chicago River North. The hotel's convenient location is one of their plus points. Am considering looking out for other Ws the next time I travel.... it's a refreshing change!	
May 8 2006	Loved the W Chicago Lakeshore	We stayed at the W Chicago Lakeshore the weekend of May 5-7, 2006. We enjoyed our visit very much. The hotel is very nice, clean and well located. Staff was courteous and efficient. Our room had a wonderful view of the lake. It was clean and very comfortable, albeit a little small. The hotel is very close to Michigan Avenue and Navy Pier, as well as to many good restaurants. The overall atmosphere is trendy and vital. All in all, we highly recommend this hotel.	
May 4 2006 	Whatever..... Whenever	The &quot;W&quot; spends more time thinking about cutesy ways to incorporate W's into the things at the hotel instead of a few other letters.As the #57 of 157 hotels there is obviously need for a great deal of improvement and my recent 4 day stay there is a good indicator that this turnaround should not be expected anytime soon. It is entirely possible, probable, (and rightfully should) drop into the triple digits among preferred hotels in the Chicago area.Dining at WAVE is uninspired, pedestrian, and perhaps capable of enticing the palate of someone that has eaten at a mediocre hors d'ouveres buffet. Over-priced, over-hyped, &quot;grazing&quot;.The noise off Lakeshore Drive can be abated by cranking up the noisy air-conditioning units in the rooms.The &quot;W&quot; has a &quot;Whatever/Whenever&quot; policy that is meaningless:I only requested two things while staying here...1. Larger slippers for use with the robe. The ones in the room were obviously not designed for a size 10 Male. Never delivered, never explained, so I kept my socks on while walking around in the room.2. Expecting an important fax, I called the &quot;O&quot; and asked to have it dispatched to my room immediately upon receipt. 40 minutes later, I called again and was told it hadn't arrived. 30 minutes later, I called again, was told it would be checked into and a reply would be forthcoming. Ten minutes later I got dressed, went down to the front desk, inquired about the fax, and &quot;magically&quot; it had &quot;just&quot; arrived. Absolute Lies. The time stamp on the top of the fax showed it was received by the hotels machine an hour and 15 minutes earlier, and 5 minutes after my first call.Two items, Two failures...AdiosDon't waste your time at this place....move further up the list. I'm Starwood Platinum and won't stay here again, nor will I stay at any &quot;W&quot; hotel in the future based on this experience.	
Apr 30 2006	A good night's stay at the W	We stayed at the W Hotel Lakeshore on Saturday, April 29, 2006. We bid the room on Priceline and got a very good rate ($189).We had a room with a city view, king-sized bed. Nice room, comfortable bed. Soft sheets and pillowcases.The shower has one of those half doors that seem to be coming more prevalent. It has a rainshower head which was okay.Room was clean and quiet. Didn't know what to expect on a Saturday night.Would stay there again.	
Apr 18 2006	Not quite wowing	I booked a room at the W Chicago Lake shore for a girls Friday night out on the town. Since I work for another Starwood property, I get a hefty discount on rooms and the price was definetly a steal. We used the valet parking which was $41 a night with unlimited 24 hour re-entry. A little pricey, but better that trying to find a parking spot. Upon arrival, the check in was swift and easy and the staff was polite. The gal who checked us in put us on the 30th floor so that we would have a nice view of the city and was it ever; We had a great view of the John Hancock Building. The room was clean, there were two double Heavenly beds that were awesome as always, and a plasma TV to enjoy. The Bliss toiletries were amazing, but the bathroom was a bit strange. The door consisted of a wicker moving panel that slid over the entry-way opening. There was also a cutout in the wall with wooden shutters that closed to cover it. The bathroom was nicely decorated, but all in all not a lot of privacy! The conceriege was knowledgeable about the city and was very helpful. He provided maps of the city and showed us where to go. After a late night out we ordered room service (which is open 24 hours) which was good, but a bit pricey. We ordered the Sirloin Cheeseburger ($16) and the Chicken Wings ($12). The delivery gentleman was prompt and courteous.We asked for an extended check out so that we could do some shopping and it was granted for 2 pm. The staff was polite at check out and the bill was correct.All in all it was a good stay but I have two things to complain about. I purposely booked this hotel because it had an indoor pool. Upon check in, the gal told me the pool was on the 7th floor and that I should check it out. When we went to go for a swim, we found out the pool was closed for maintenance. That was very dissapointing as it was not noted anywhere on their website. I would have booked elsewhere, like the Sheraton Towers if I had known this. The second thing is that after heading off to bed at 4 am (bars are open until 5), we were awoken at 7:30 by a banging on the wall. When I called down to the front desk, I was told they would check into it. 20 minutes later, I heard it again and called the desk. I was then told that they were laying carpet in the room above us. I asked if they had to do it at 7:30 in the morning and they said that they were under contract and had to do it then. This was unacceptable. They knew that they would be laying carpet so why were put on the floor directly below? I was offered no apology or compensation. I hate to believe that they treat their guests so poorly and hope this was a one time bad experience, especially for the money most people pay to stay at the W Lake shore! Like I said, it was a good experience, but with other Starwood properties to stay at in Chicago, these oversights and lack of being able to deliver a wowing experience have made me think about staying elsewhere next time.	
Apr 18 2006	Excellent Place To Chill In Chicago !!	Just returned from 4 fabulous nights staying at the W Hotel Lakeshore Chicago.Hotel enjoys an excellent location right on Lakeshore drive with magnificent view across Lake Michigan and Navy Pier. The Magnificent mile with all it has to offer is only a short 5 minute stroll away.We stayed in a Lake View room which contained a very large and comfortable bed,funky Chez Lounge, 27&quot; Plasma TV, mini bar and lots of other useful goodies including an iron &amp; board and lots of Bliss Spa products.Rooms are not massive but are ample for a couple and their baggage. The bathroom was funky with a sliding door, slatted shuttered window and large walk in shower.Staff were helpful and friendly. We really enjoyed the hotel restaurant &quot; Wave &quot;. We had booked it to eat on our first night, however it was so good we went again. Other great spots to eat close by are Mortons Steakhouse, Ginos East Pizza, West Egg Breakfast and Coco Pazzo Cafe for Italian. These were all within walking distance.The hotel has an excellent vibrant atmosphere and we would definitely stay again!One watch out.............they do plan to do some building improvements during 2006, so probably worth an quick e mail to the hotel to check when!	
Apr 9 2006 	Fun in the City!	Just returned from the W Lakeshore. This is a fun hotel and the staff really seems to want the guest to enjoy their stay. BLISS spa lives up to it's name, don't miss it. The gym was great, including fresh oranges and plenty of towels. Now, this hotel is a little loud when it is full. We spent 4 nights, 2 were very quiet and 2 were a bit louder. The hotel did a great job turning an ordinary hotel into something with a unique decor and a fun look. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone looking for something fun and unusual in Chicago. Location was pretty good, very close to the Navy Pier and about 3 - 4 blocks from Michigan Ave. Taxi's are easy to get if you need them. Rooms service was prompt, housekeeping was very good.	
Apr 4 2006	Fab Hotel	Myself &amp; my husband were very impressed with the W Lakeshore. The rooms were fantastic, flat screen TV, large rooms, extremely clean &amp; well kept. The Whiskey Sky Bar was great with brill views of Navy Pier. Wave Restaurant devine, food fabulous. Whatever/Whenever service great if you need a little help with chargers etc. you just press a button. close to everything. Staff friendly. Bliss Therapy rooms a must the massages are great. They even supply the lemon &amp; sage body butter and shampoos etc in the rooms.Loved every minute of it, brill.	
Apr 3 2006	NOISY!!	Aside from the ubiquitous modern W vibe, the hotel has little to offer. We book a package through the W website that was to come with welcome amenities. Two hours after our arrival, nothing had come. We had to call the front desk multiple times to even get a confirmation that this was included in our package. The wine and apps finally showed about 20 minutes before we were to leave for dinner. Bad service!Also, our first room was adjacent to some partiers, this was clear immediately. We request a change (which was granted no problem) only to realize this hotel has NO sound proofing. We could hear our neighbor's entire conversation! Too Loud!Unless you can't live with out the W's chic styling, pass this one up!!	
Apr 3 2006 	Hit or Miss at the W Lakeshore!	I've stayed at this hotel 10+ times over the last 3 years. At first glance it appears to be quite a chic place with a definite euro-urban vibe. The lobby seems like a posh lounge, which may not appeal to some (like my parents, for instance!) The rooms are both good and bad. The beds are very nice, with high TC sheets and duvets and lots of pillows. The bathrooms are hit or miss, with common plumbing issues causing the open concept shower to flood the entire bathroom floor. My latest complaint is the skimping of amenity items. Previously, the hotel offered Aveda products, then they switched to Bliss. Great stuff! On my latest trip, I left my body moisturizer and conditioner at home b/c I expected to find these on my little shelf in the bathroom. I was very disappointed to find only a shampoo, soap and shower gel waiting for me upon check-in. My hair and skin are quite parched as a result! Overall, it is a decent hotel if you can find a deal. Beware, parking is $41/night for valet which is higher than most downtown hotels.	
Apr 3 2006	OK expected more	Stayed here on a Saturday night, used SPG points. Price would have been $300+ for the night. I agree with previous posters that mention Hip, Chic, Zen, etc. They try for it, no question. Here is what my wife &amp; I think. The location is great, on the Lake, near Navy pier, a short walk from Michigan &amp; Rush St. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I found the room and the hotel to be unique but tired. Lots of low lights and I think I see why, it helps to hide the faults. We were on the 32nd floor with a City View. The bed was comfortable and big, but AC was one of those individual ones you see in a Ramada and it was loud. We could hear the people in the room next to us when they used the bathroom (showering) while we got ready to go out. A look behind the mirror showed that there was an opening with wallpaper over it. Maybe I expected this Hotel to be on the same scale as the last hotel we stay in, &quot;THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay&quot; in Vegas. It's not close. I give it a 2.5 out of 5 stars. I expected more out of Starwoods' top of the line hotel, especially for 10,000 starwood points.	
Apr 1 2006	So sheek	Just thought I would write a quick review of a great place. When we pulled up to the valet, we got out of the car to hear some great club music. The W on the wall was all lit up in glitzy lights. It made you feel like you were stepping into an LA night club. The lobby was full of young, gorgeous people and again, that great music was going. You felt like you were in this great, trendy place. It was such a nice surprise. The room was incredibly clean. The decor was trendy, modern, straight clean lines. Very Zen. The colors were amazing. In our standard room, the details were a plenty. Everything looked like it had taken so much time to design. Each room has it's own flair instead of your plain room. So colorful and cozy. The bathroom was so beautiful. The shower had a solid glass door. The bathroom had a shutter that opened to look into the main room. The bed was huge with nice a nice fluffy down comforter. The pillows were feather tick and so soft. We got room service and it was delicious. We went upstairs to the bar on the top floor. That was a great place with great drinks and more beautiful people. The view was so incredible. It was great to sit in this flashy bar, with great couches and look over the city and the lake. We had a great time and I would recommend this hotel to anyone of any age that wants to feel like a star for a day..right in Chicago.	
Mar 30 2006	Never again	Just stayed at the W Lakeshore. If you're looking for a hotel room that is dark and dreary this is the place for you. If you like having privacy in your bathroom, meaning an actual door and no shutters, this is the place for you. I was very disappointed in the quality of the room and I will never, ever use Hotwire again.	
Mar 1 2006	Much better than expected!	After reading some of these reviews, I must admit I was a little hesitant about the W Lakeshore. I was pleasantly surprised. It seems that most of the complaints dealt with noise, small rooms, or that rooms were rundown/dirty. My experience was the opposite of all of the above. First of all, once in the rooms, the noise of the lobby, the hallway, the elevators, or from nearby rooms was gone. Regarding the size of the rooms, I thought my room was good enough...with a king size bed, chase lounge, and desk. And finally, there was nothing in the hotel or our room that seemed dirty in any respect.My overall impression of the W Lakeshore was trendy, modern, and incredibly comfortable. I loved the touch of the W CD playing in the room as we arrived as well. Without a doubt, I will stay here again, and stay at any other W. This was my first W experience and I look forward to the next. As some other reviews have said, if you are in to the traditional, standard, and somewhat boring hotel, this is not the place for you.	
Feb 27 2006 	Outstanding Service	The W Hotel Lakeshore is a wonderful place to stay. My husband and I were in Chicago for two days. We arrived early in the morning. The room was of course not available at 9:00am, so it was suggested, if I had the time to visit the Bliss spa. Bliss is just that &quot;Pure Bliss&quot; the staff was attentive, the prices extremely reasonable. Now for the hotel itself - any W Hotel is trendy with a modern sleek feel. The front desk staff was amazing - they bust serious butt to make you happy and comfortable - I cannot say enought about them. I went for my spa treatments finished at 11am and they had my room clean and ready to go - long before the official check in time. I was also given a late checkout due to my husband’s schedule. I know in some instances when a hotel is fully booked to the max – this is not possible – they were near capacity and still accommodated me. We are both in our 30’s and loved this place. The rooms were not noisy, in fact they were quiet - one of the more quiet hotel rooms we had ever stayed in. Our room faced the city not the bay, but the city view at night was lovely. The beds were divine, so comfortable. The Wave restaurant served as my lunch spot, the restaurant staff was attentive and helpful. The lunch menu was tapas style. The food was wonderful and light and well worth the price which was very reasonable. The location is also good – with easy access to the “Magnificent Mile” and the Institute of Art. This hotel is trendy and rather modern, chic – it may not be for everyone. Yes some updates could be done in the hallways leading to the rooms, but the lobby is very nice as are the rooms. Every staff member I encountered at the hotel was fabulous and helpful. If you like a more traditional hotel, basic and blah - this place is not for you. If you enjoy a funky flair and amazing hotel staff persons - this place is for you.	
Feb 26 2006	Trendy But Seriously Flawed	W Chicago is a trendy, upscale refurb of a formerly discount-type hotel on Chicago's lakefront. Our stay was a big disappointment. Our non-smoking room was seriously smokey. The space was tiny. The room was noisy. We could even hear guests next door talking at normal conversational levels, as well as the elevators going up and down all night! The lighting and atmosphere in the hotel is creepy--even sort of tawdry. Of greatest concern was that everything just seemed dirty, worn and unkept. Parking is an outrageous $41 per night. This is a hotel trying so hard to be hip that it's forgotten the basics.On the positive side, the staff was accomodating. The bed was nice, and the LCD TV was great. Room service food was quite good.You can do much, much better at other downtown hotels, especially at these prices. We cannot recommend the W.	
Feb 12 2006	NEEDS RENOVATION!	Not a place for a romantic weekend. Hotel geared for singles, like a dorm atmosphere. Noisy, cold and dirty. Water in bathroom was warm, not hot! Bathrobe was stained and old.	
Feb 12 2006 	Not up to W standards	In September, 2005, I stayed at the W Lakeshore in Chicago. There were several things that I found completely unsatisfactory, especially for a W Hotel. We stayed in Room number 2421 from Sept. 21-23: - The window shades were tattered and torn (right side) - The bathroom wallpaper was peeling - The soap holder in the shower was broken Non-Room Specific Related Items: - No one, not once, opened the front door for us. - There was no turn down service either night - While in the lobby, we asked the Whatever/Whenever attendant how we arranged a wake up call and instead of taking care of himself he curtly replied &quot;oh, you can just call '0' and ask for Whatever/Whenever and they will arrange it&quot; (isn't he &quot;whatever/whenever?!)- As an SPG Gold Preferred we were given &quot;upgraded room&quot;, the room was shabby and the view was terrible and overlooked a parking lot, not the lake. Not what I consider and upgrade. - The service and appetizer food at the living room bar was awful and slow - When we left on Friday morning at 6:30am there was no one outside or anywhere to be seen to assist us with getting a cab to the airport. I stay at the W in San Diego quite often. This W should take a lesson in staff training from them where I consistently find the service to be outstanding. There was nothing &quot;warm or wonderful&quot; about the hotel nor was there &quot;exceptional service and staff&quot; that the W hotel promotes. It was quite the contrary and I was thoroughly disappointed. I will not stay at this hotel again, nor will I recommend it to my business associates. I was there on business meeting with two of my top clients and I was unimpressed as were they.	
Feb 11 2006	modern luxury at the W	My husband and I stayed at the W for 3 nights in early Sept of 2005, and I have been meaning to write a review for it since that time. The exterior of this hotel leaves much to be wished for, but inside it is sleek and seductive. This hotel is a refurb, so the hallways can seem a bit drab and dark, but other than that everything else is gorgeous. The room we had (with a lakefront view) was zen-inspired, and the feel of modern luxury was everywhere. We enjoyed delicious, though pricey, 24-hour room service (the french toast and fresh-squeezed orange juice, out of this world!) round the clock, and requested CDs from their music library which they happily brought up to us within minutes. The pool was often filled with rowdy children, but the sun deck was relaxing with a wonderful view of Lake Michigan and Navy Pier. The Whiskey Sky bar was dark and intimate with an edgy feel, just perfect for a scotch on the rocks and a view of the city. The staff was helpful and prompt, and overall I would stay here again in a heartbeat, and recommend it to friends.	
Jan 25 2006	our wedding here was perfect!!!	OKAY, first of all I am writing this three and a half years after my wedding and weekend stay at the lovely W Lakeshore only because I saw some negative reviews and I want to set the record straight. First of all, this hotel is beautiful and yes, it has a bit of a hip &quot;club vibe&quot; but that's what W Hotels are known for- if you don't like that whole scene, then you are better off staying somewhere else perhaps on Michigan Avenue. My husband and I are honored that we were the first wedding booked at the W Lake Shore back in August 2002. Our room was ultra fancy and quiet which is exactly what we needed after having our reception. Not to mention, this hotel has some of the best views in the city!! It couldn't have been more perfect and romantic. This place will always be special to me...	
Jan 23 2006	No complaints	My husband and I had our wedding reception at the W Chicago City Center, and decided to celebrate our 1 yr. anniversary at the W Chicago Lakeshore. While City Center is more a business hotel, Lakeshore attracts the partyers. It's likely the hotel will be active (elevators zooming, guests in the hallways, doors closing) into the wee hours. The basic rooms are small and dark, but comfortable. Service was willing and friendly, accomodating everything we asked for. The lobby lounge is lively until closing, with great people watching. And the Bliss spa on the hotel's 8th floor is worth a trip -- friendly and unpretentious with *heavenly* services. Overall we'd visit again without question. But a quieter option may be City Center. It's slightly farther away from the action, but nothing a quick cab ride can't fix.	
Dec 25 2005	Nothing impressive but ok	I recently stayed for about 1 week, for my first time, in W Chicago Lakeshore.Well, after reading all the latest reviews, gotta admit that after all, my experience was not so bad.Two years ago I’ve stayed in the other W Hotel, the City Center, and I was really impressed with the service and stuff. So this year I decided to book the Lakeshore because it was nearer to North Michingan Avenue (just about 8-10 minutes by walk) and to experience this hotel.The room was located on the 19th floor and unfortunately with NO lake view, I could see just a part of the John Hancock Center. I was placed into a double room instead of a singular but at least the room was big and clean.The room service was not always impectable (sometimes the orange juice or toast was missing …) but the quality of the food was good but not excellent, considerating the expensive prices. The hotel staff was anyway friendly and helpful: they took great care of you, if you give nice tips … I appreciated the express check out.My experience was nothing impressive but it was ok. If I will have a chance to be back in Chicago I’m not sure I will stay in W Lakeshore.	
Nov 30 2005	Mediocre experience could have been worse	I stayed at the W Chicago Lakeshore with my wife for a surprise weekend on her birthday. We stayed in an urban suite on the 20th floor with a fantastic lake view. This is probably the most redeeming feature of this hotel. The decor was typical W, but far more worn around the edges than any other W I have stayed in (New York Times Square, New York Court, Montreal). The suite itself was just two small rooms patched together. If I had had a basic room, I'd probably have an entirely different reaction to the hotel. The corners were dusty and one of the doors separating the bedroom and living room had been knocked off its hinges. The bedspread had seen better days and the towels were downright ratty. Toiletries (Bliss) were great as always. No turndown service. The promised Sirius satellite radio did not work and the maintenance man, when called, failed to fix it and threw in the towel. The location is alright, but since it was our first time in Chicago, I regretted not staying on North Michigan Avenue, especially considering that for the price of an urban suite we could have had a room at the Park Hyatt (where a room is actually bigger than the W's &quot;Suite.&quot; Tiny bathtub, shower ran hot and cold, all generally signs that the physical plant needs some tuning.On the other hand, the breakfast at Wave was fantastic and we're pretty picky. Try the French Toast Sundae or one of the smoothies. The Bliss Spa looked great but my wife said that the treatments themselves were pretty weak. Nice touches like wine and cheese, but very expensive for poor treatments and a nice facility. All in all, the weakest of the 4 Ws I have stayed at, but W still creates an atmosphere very successfully. In New York, I can't speak highly enough about the W Court, which was fantastic, but the Chicago Lakeshore just showed too many signs of its former incarnation as a Days Inn. I'd say shop around and consider only if the rate is a steal. Warning: standard rooms are tiny.	
Nov 26 2005	Mediocre Hotel	I give this hotel a nuetral rating due to it being a 5 star hotel. It is a great location as far as being right on Lake Shore Drive and a short 5 block walk to Michigan Avenue. It was very easy to find by car and we arrived to find the front of the hotel and the previous block under some kind of construction which took away from my first impression. We were able to check in early which was nice though and the staff was very helpful getting us and all our gear out of the car as we were traveling with our 1 year old daughter. The reception to the hotel is all tile, LCD screens, recessed lighting, etc.The elevators smelled like lemongrass, which makes you want to rush to the newly incorporated Bliss spa for some pampering, but also made think it might be to mask some kind of elevator odor as the bulding seemed quite old despite the mod finish. The hallways are dark with red recessed lighting and smooth riverstones in a trough running down both sides of the hallway. The room is very modern and nicely decorated and the king size bed was very comfortable with lots of pillows. The requested crib was your basic crib and matress which was a dissapointment after experiencing the heavenly crib that is available in most Westins. The room was dissapontingly small especially when you have a crib in the room, but the view of Lake Michigan and Navy Pier (especially at night with the lit ferris wheel) made up for it. The bathroom is all Bliss products and the shower is one of the glass-with-no-door-rain-shower type of things.This hotel really does not cater to kids. Here is the list of cons on that aspect:* Small room means lots of bumps and bruises. Mirror leaning against the wall looks great but is hard to keep a kid from crawling behind.* All the nice knick knacks they put out (rocks, glass with twigs inside, etc.) were quickly cleared away which took away from the &quot;experience&quot; of the chick decor.* No bathtub.* Room service meal from kids menu (spaghetti, mixed veggies, miscellaneous tips/delivery charges, and milk) cost a staggering $28.00.We did use the hotel's preferred babysitting service which was expensive but VERY good and worth the money for the peace of mind.Overall, it is a nice hotel and not bad for the money. We'll probably try the Westin on Michigan avenue next time.	
Nov 22 2005	A disappointment - Would not return	Just returned from a 3 day weekend get-away at the W Lakeshore Chicago - and was thoroughly disapointed with our 'Whatever, Whenever' experience.The music was so loud in the lobby, I could not hear the front desk staff and had to shout during check-in. Not a great first impression.If you a are a light sleeper, this hotel is not for you. Rooms are very loud &amp; noisy - traffic sounds from the street below can be clearly heard on the 16th floor. Walls &amp; doors are very thin - noise from the neighboring rooms &amp; corridor woke us up more than once.Furnishings are showing wear &amp; tear - rooms looking rather tired, beat-up and uncared for. The shower was useless - very weak water pressure (no tub either) Next time I'd stay at the Sofitel Water Tower or Hyatt.	
Nov 13 2005	Whatever Whenever...whenever they get to it	My boyfriend and I are loyal to the Starwoods brand and have rarely been disappointed by the Westin hotels. Unfortunately, we cannot say the same about the W hotels. We have tried 4 W hotels around the US, the latest the W Lakeshore, and have had disappointing experiences at each. The decor at this hotel is funky and fun. However, the furniture and carpeting is dirty and old. The elevators smelled of vomit, and we found a disgusting stain in our room. The only saving grace is the lack of lighting that distracts you from the grime. The rooms themselves are loud. We stayed on the 32nd floor but could hear construction and traffic noises. Further, the walls are thin so we could hear conversations in adjoining rooms and the loud talking of the W staff late at night. The service is poor as well. When I arrived, I was placed in the wrong room. I was told my room would be ready in an 15 minutes. An hour later, I went to the front desk and they had no idea what I was talking about. Further, we could not find anyone to check our bags as the staff was too busy hanging around and talking with each other. I had to force my way between two employees and ask them to take our bags. We had a similar experience retrieving our bags. A note to those with late check out privileges--you will be locked out of your room at 3 pm. Stop by the check-in desk to get new room keys.I'm sorry to say that after 4 out of 4 poor W experiences, we won't be staying at the W hotels. It's so sad--the W has a wonderful concept but it is both poorly executed and maintained.	
Nov 4 2005	Very Enjoyable Stay	I stayed here with my eight-year-old and we both really enjoyed the hotel. Funky decor, and a very comfortable room, made our stay enjoyable. This is not the place to stay if you are looking for a very traditional-style hotel. Lack of a bathtub (shower only) might be a downside for some. No problems with the air conditioning in our room, and if you are headed to Navy Pier, it is within walking distance.	
Oct 3 2005 	Sloppy service	Checked in for 3 nights late in September. The location is very good - it's next to Lincoln Park which is wonderful for early morning running/jogging and is less than 10 mins walk from Michigan Avenue.The hotel rooms were nice - roomy, typical W hotel decor, but there was no bathtub! The bathrobe was pretty old and looked as if it had shrunk after being washed a zillion times. When I complained it was promptly replaced by a different, much nicer brown and white bathrobe. I am a Starwood Platinum member but did not get a suite upgrade because they were full. Instead I had a lakeview room with wonderful views, but traffic noise came through loud and clear even 25 floors up. However, this hotel's main drawback is its service, which comes nowhere near to the level one might expect when paying over US$280 a night. I had breakfast one morning, and the croissant that I ordered took ages to arrive. When it did, I was told it was the last one available, and that the waiter had to go upstairs to get it. Breakfast at 10 am may be late, but it does not warrant that sort of comment. Dinner from room service one night was a comedy. I picked a Goose Island beer from a list that was recited to me. 30 mins later I was told it was unavailable, and I then picked a Stella Artois, once again from a list that was recited to me. Lo and behold 5 mins later we had a replay of the earlier phone call. I ended up with a Sam Adams. 2 days later I ordered a Smart Breakfast from room service, but requested that the muffins be substituted for Danish pastries. I ended up with both the muffins and 8 pastries, and got charged extra for the pastries in spite of the waiter saying that they would not be charged!I shall stay at the Westin Chicago River North in future.	
Sep 30 2005 	nice but missing the finish	I like most &quot;W&quot;s but rarely are they up to the standard of their older sisters the Westin.When we checked in they had electrical outages at the front desk, the staff was squinting to read reservation and credit card #s using small candles (not sure what would have been wrong with a flashlight other than it wouldn't have matched the decor. )When my colleague checked in they asked to see his picture ID and then told him it was too dark to read ( N.C driver's license- and did he have anything else??!!!)The room was nice and cosy but the coffee maker didn't work and the plug in the bathtub was non functional.I've stayed in 3 Ws in the last 2 months, they work hard on their style but consistently seem to stumble on the delivery	
Sep 27 2005	Nice view. but bad hotel!	We stayed here to celebrate our wedding anniversary, but the hotel is really for singles only. I would not bring kids. The hotel staff were o.k., nothing impressive, not very friendly. The hallways to the rooms were smelly and dirty. We stayed on the 21st floor, the view was amazing, and the bed was very comfortable. Our door to the room was all banged up and scratched. The hotel bouncers were everywhere at night because the hotel lobby turns into a club at night. Bottom line: You can't get the Days Inn out of the W Chicago-Lakeshore.	
Sep 23 2005	Change the staff and the place will be better	If you get a room near the elevator call to the front desk to change it. The lifts are SO noisy when you are trying to sleep and to make it worse the ice machine is also located near the elevator so I had no sleep the first night.Front desk were very obliging and moved us right away. The rooms are lovely, the view is great, the location is superb the staff are slightly up themselves but hey they work for a trendy hotel so they at least have to try and act as if they are cool....seriously drop the attitudes, smile, say hello and you might get more repeat business.	
Sep 22 2005	Work in progress	I've read a lot of reviews on here, and I was a little nervous. First the Air-conditioner's are ok. They informed me that by next summer they will have all new ones. Which didn't help with this stay. It seems like there a work inprogress. There building a Bliss spa which I hear are newyork's it spot right now. They've remodeled there gym, and it's fantastic. Checkin was quick and smooth. I had booked a city view room with two beds. I was upgraded to a lake view. I still can't get over how nice every one was. I think with any-hotel you are going to have small problems. Like in room dining was cold. I voiced my complaint and it was comp. I think if you give them a chance to recover they will exceed your expectations. I already booked my next stay.I have to see how consistant they can be If any one staying there needs anything Daniel is the man to call. He took great care of me and my wife!!!	
Sep 19 2005 	Would stay here again	I recently stayed at the W for a business trip. This was my first stay at a W hotel and I was impressed. I found the beds to be very comfortable and the decor in the rooms to be contemporary and relaxing. The check-in area in the lobby was a little crowded, but we enjoyed relaxing at the bar and lounge. There are many nice touches that set this hotel apart from others. Our group appreciated that you could walk a couple blocks, passing under Lakeshore Drive, and be walking along the beautiful shore of Lake Michigan. Service was excellent, too.	
Aug 8 2005	Second time around	I had stayed here over New Year's previously, and so just wanted to update my review. Basically this time around the quality and friendliness of the staff was confirmed, as well as the quality of the restaurant and bar (great food and drinks and top notch staff). The concierges this time around were not only pleasant but very helpful, which was not the case the last time I visited. Also, I still found the shutters separating the bedroom and bathroom to be odd and off-putting (although I note that someone called me a 'privacy freak' in another review for having mentioned this), but at least the end panel of the bed did not fall off this time. I still think this W falls a bit short compared to other Ws, but that is largely due to the building being what it is (converted Days Inn with low ceilings), so there was not a lot to work with to begin with (although the location and views are great). The only couple off-putting things this time around was the top floor bar being closed for a private party (which I understand is not uncommon), and the fact that there appeared to be full of family reunions and lots of kids running around. Perhaps it was just timing, but usually a stay at a W is a chance to escape kids playing in elevators and running/screaming around lobbies... Overall, I rate this above average relative to other hotels in the price range in Chicago, but only average/below average for W hotels overall.	
Aug 4 2005 	awful and cheeseball	This &quot;stylish&quot; hotel is essentially a bland office building dressed up in Urban Outfitters-type 3rd tier mod. Loud wall mounted AC units which barely work. Indifferent staff.The best part is they do that sneaky mini bar charge thing. Small charges that you won't notice on your card unless you scrutinize it.Stay away....	
Jul 26 2005	Great Ambiance Dissapointed With Checkin	We had reservations for a Saturday night stay but our room was not yet ready when I checked in promptly at 3:00 PM. This was after waiting in line for twenty minutes to reach the front desk. I was told the room was being cleaned and that we should be in &quot;shortly&quot; At 3:30 I checked again and was told the room was still not ready, and asked to speak with a Manager. It took another 15 minutes to have a manager come out and speak with me, and then she left for 15 minutes and the room was suddenly ready shortly after 4:00 PM. We enjoy the ambiance of the W Lakeshore, and have stayed there several times before but the sense of urgency, detail, and attention to guests is definitely declining in my opinion. The efficiency of the front desk for check in seems quite poor, we always seem to encounter a standstill bottleneck at the front desk. This makes what should be a relaxing getaway start off frustrating.	
Jul 25 2005	Fabulous!	My friend and I stayed at the W for an extended weekend. I was a little concerned after reading some of the reviews, but was pleasantly surprised when I arrived. The hotel is stunning. The staff were friendly and very accommodating. We had a gorgeous room overlooking the lake. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 21 2005	sexy hotel	I highly enjoyed my stay at this hotel on a Saturday night. Though the hotel was full and the elevators were slow everyone was so nice and friendly. Having read the reviews here I knew what to expect and I was pleasantly surprised how nice the room was, not run down at all. First thing I did was start playing the CD they provided and mixing cocktails. Then off to the pool which is just OK but I do like the chaise lounges, nearly fell asleep in them. Then back to the room to use that awesome shower while looking out on the lake. Dressed and went to Whiskey Sky for cocktails, woops it was closed for a private party. Only disappointment of my stay. Went to Navy Pier for dinner at Riva's which was excellent then to the Shakespeare Theater for Second Cities Romeo and Juliet. What a hoot! Back to the hotel to watch the fireworks from our room. (See photo). Great bed. Good breakfast at Wave. Quick valet.	
Jun 29 2005	Eccletic Night Club Feel	The W is now one of my favorite hotels to stay at. As soon as you pull up, there are bellman (which all look like bouncers with ear pieces) there to greet you. When you walk inside, it is a very upscale trendy night club feel. Half of our group were able to get into the room before check in time, which was great. The hall ways to the rooms even have stones on the side. The rooms were beautiful and very trendy, a little small, but who cares we were in Chicago. The view I would have to say was the worse of the whole trip. We were on the 11th floor and we staring out onto the side of another building, not attractive. Breakfast was a little expensive, but had fresh squeezed OJ, it was a delight. I would highly reccommend anyone to stay there. It is also just a few blocks away from Michigan avenue and Navy Pier.	
Jun 27 2005	W Gets a B	I stayed at the W Lakeshore on June 25. I booked through Hotwire and paid 170 including taxes for the room-a deal for the area and time period (Taste of Chicago). This hotel is ideal for couples or young adults looking to have some fun. Upon checking in, I was greeted with great service, sometimes lacking when you book online. We had fast service for using their parking (it was $39 for 24 hours and allowed you to come and go). The hotel recommended using their service as it was the safest (I'd have to agree as the lot is located above the lobby). I took the time to be friendly to the car parking manager, Dan which proved beneficial as he allowed us to leave our car there extra hours if we needed, without charge, a service I saw others getting denied on. The bellman were fast and friendly and took the time to show us everything in the room. I agree that the hotel is beginning to show some wear-the curtains, hallways, and pool area was looking pretty run-down. The room itself was great, if you are a very private person, you will not care for the open-air feeling of the bathroom, a little embarassing if anyone but your loved one is sharing or in your room. The beds are great and our view was of the city versus the water but still nice. A great view of the lake can be seen from the 7th floor patio area. We checked out the bar on Sat night. I think anyone with a family would have been thrown off by the fact that the lobby basically turns into a bar at night-people and drinks everywhere. Getting to your room was no problem, but you have to take a special elevator to the 33rd floor to the bar. The view is great, a round of drinks was $18.The Navy Pier is very close, we walked there a couple times and the beach is also nearby. Go to the Navy Pier if you are looking for informal, inexpensive dining. If you head right out of the hotel, you'll also find an Irish bar (I don't recommend as the staff seem to give minimal and rude service to anyone looking like they are from out of town) there's Chipotle and Pot Belly too for a quick lunch. For a longer walk you can check out the shops on Michigan Ave. All in all, it was a good experience not as luxurious as I imagined but the location is great, just don't waste your money on full price especially if you are planning to spend most of your time outside your room.	
Jun 27 2005	You can't beat the location	We just returned home from the W Lakeshore Chicago and were pleased with the hotel. My wife, two children (6 and 3) and I stayed there for 2 nights and would stay again if we ever traveled back. Although the hotel appears to cater to a different crowd (singles and couples without kids) the staff was very helpful with all requests and even gave both of our children a pack with a bunch of games, a yoyo and water bottle upon our arrival. One cautionary note: we ran into a hotel employee on our elevator ride down to go walking and he offered us some water to take with. He then asked us for our room number so that he could send up “something for the boys.” We thought this was a very nice gesture but found out at checkout that he had charged the water to our room even though we never asked for it. The best thing about the hotel is the location. It is only a short walk of 2 blocks to Navy Pier, 10- 15 minute walk to Michigan Avenue and 25 minute walk to Millennium Park. We took a water taxi from Navy Pier to the Shedd Aquarium and Field Museum to save walking in the 96 degree heat for $12 round trip per adult and $6 for children over 3; this is much less expensive then a regular taxi and a lot cooler. There is also a FREE trolley system that goes all over the city with connections at Navy Pier. The only problem is that you may have to get on and off a couple of different trolleys to get to your destination, but it is FREE. The beds were VERY comfortable, the claim on their website about “pillow-top mattress, 250 thread-count linens and fluffy goose down pillows” was true. For a 4 star hotel the room was a little on the small side, it fit 2 double beds with just enough space for a chair by the window. The only thing that I didn’t care for about the room was the fold out window shutters in the wall between the bedroom and bathroom; they open and close so that you can watch your spouse shower. However, this could be uncomfortable if you have other people like older children staying in your room. Plus the shutters don’t give you a feeling of privacy. The swimming pool was adequate in size but there was NO hot tub. My wife went up to the bar on the 33rd floor one night while I was tucking in the boys and told me that it isn’t very large or impressive, but then we weren’t there for the nightlife. Be prepared to pay for parking if you bring a car, the rate was $39 per night. Also, an Internet connection in the room if needed was another $15 per day. We received a VERY good rate through Hotwire and felt like we hit the jackpot. It is definitely a 4 star hotel and again we liked staying there.	
Jun 25 2005	Decent Experience	Not as upscale as some W hotels, but overall a clean, comfortable stay and good service. Since it is the midwest and not east or west coast, the staff seemed friendly without too much attitude. Being New Yorkers, we welcomed this, as we deal with too much attitude daily. The lobby bar is great for casual drinks, and the upstairs bar is full during weekends with a little more of a scene. Yes, it is dark as some of the reviews state, but if you don't want contemporary with some attempt to have style, then stay elsewhere. Every W is a little bit dark...it's part of the whole chic atmosphere they create. It's fun and different. If you want conventional and brightly lit, try another chain. My husband and I are Starwood members so we've stayed in a few Ws in the past. We were happy because this two night stay at the W Lakeshore was free via Starwood points. If we had paid full price, I don't know if we would have been exceptionally impressed, but we would have been satisfied.The view of Lakeshore Drive and Lake Michigan were amazing. We could see fireworks at Navy Pier on Saturday night. You could not ask for a better corner of Chicago. Easy access to Mich Ave, shopping, and restaurants.Note that valet is $39/night. If you think you'll only be doing downtown activities, don't rent a car and just take cabs. If you must get a car though, be aware of the valet price.Overall, my experience was above average.	
Jun 25 2005	Top Location	Just got back from 5 nights at the w lakeshore.Having read some poor reviews I was concerned I may have made a mistake.Well I certainly don't have any regrets.The hotel couldn't be in a better location.The lake,park,pier,shops,restaurants,bars etc are all on your doorstep.The rooms are clean.The beds are really comfortable.The hotel bars and food are great.The staff were freindly and helpful.If you were being really fussy you could say the place was slightly worn i.e the carpet in the hallway was looking a bit faded and the wooden blinds in the room were a bit tatty.But this is me looking for faults my fellow travelers did not pick up on this.I went into the sofitel and that was absolutley fantastic but it's twice the price and not as good location.I would stay there again.Chicago is a great place.	
Jun 6 2005	Good but not great	Having stayed at a &quot;W&quot; hotel before, my expectations were high. Once in our superior lake view room, we realized we had a city building view room! Upon speaking to the manager who was not exactly sympathetic to our situation, we decided to keep the room, but at the lesser rate. We also had booked a pet friendly room. We didn't receive any amenities until we asked. Twice. Although it was a nice enough hotel, we were monumentally spoiled at another W hotel last year, so perhaps we expected too much.	
May 23 2005	W Lakeshore was great	We stayed at the W Lakeshore this last weekend. The room was beautiful. We had a lake view which was truly a terrific site. Everyone at the W was extremely attentive and willing to help us in anyway they could. My next visit to Chicago I will definitely be staying at the W.	
May 2 2005	The W was ok....	We spent two nights at the W on Lakeshore Drive in Chicago. The staff was excellent. The concierge was very helpful and the bellhops, doormen, and the rest of the staff were great. If you called down to the front desk to ask for something (toothpaste, razor, etc) they were there in about 30 seconds. The concierge gave us No Cover Charge passes and VIP passes (no waiting in line) to a few of the places we visited at night. Their restaurant suggestions were great. The hotel has it's own nightlife of sorts, Fri &amp; Sat night both were packed with people down in the lobby. The rooms however were a little on the rundown side. They tried to make them look very upscale &amp; ultra chic, with the black ceilings, modern furnishings, bamboo window coverings, no shower doors, a &quot;lookout&quot; from the bathroom.. but they just couldn't pull it off. It was nice from afar, but up close it had a very cheap feel. The rooms are smallI would not have been happy if I had paid full price for this hotel. I made my reservations through Hotwire and paid about $99 per night. I understand that regular rate is $250-300. I think the best thing about the hotel is their service. The rooms were your average 3 star hotel room.	
Apr 30 2005	Funky yet accessible	We went to visit some friends and brought my 2 year old.They were very kind to us and the pool was great. Right across the street we had the ferris wheel and lots of fun activities. The stores and restaurants were close by as well. We thought it was perfect experience.	
Apr 27 2005 	Loved the W Lakeshore	Just got back from my stay at the W Lakeshore and definitely recommend it! WONDERFUL service, from the minute I checked in to when I checked out (they even allowed a late checkout when I had to make some adjustments to my original flight arrangements). All of the concierges were great, suggesting several restaurants (NOT just the Italian place down the street mentioned in another review, which is great, by the way) and making special reservations as well. Another guest at the bar said that when he asked where he could find a phone charger, they even offered to go out and purchase one for him!The W offers something for everyone, with 2 fun bars and Wired, the W's business center open 24 hours a day (only $14.95 unlimited Internet, faxing, and copying for those who dread the hassle of carrying a laptop through airports). Bliss products in the bathroom and a bed that you could stay in all day...but with Magnificent Mile stores so close, there's lots more to do.	
Apr 17 2005	good for some families!	I stayed at the W with my preteen and teenage daughters for a weekend of shopping and sightseeing. The location was walking distance to both Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. shopping. My daughters really enjoyed the hip atmosphere of the hotel. The pool was great, because there were so few families there. The water was warm and there were not lots of out of control children screaming and taking over the pool. It was quiet and the girls had the pool to themselves. They didn't want to leave it! The rooms are small but we had a great view of the city. The girls also loved the bath products. So for this family, the W worked and we would stay again.	
Apr 7 2005	W is great!	I've stayed at the W-Lakeshore 3 times now and have not had a bad experience yet. The rooms are very nicely appointed and the staff very helpful. Rooms are a bit tight but neat.	
Mar 18 2005	Perfect couple getaway	This is a contemporary, boutique style hotel. Anyone expecting Omni or Hilton like experience will be disappointed. I loved the dark, modern interior. The &quot;window&quot; with shutters between the bedroom and bathroom was very romantic, but if you are a privacy freak, you might not like it. Lots of little touches which made our anniversary stay very special: CD player with a contemporary CD, a great pillow spray, comfy bed with a beautiful royal purple duvet cover, helpful staff. Did not eat at the restaurant, will when I come back for next anniversary.	
Mar 8 2005	You can't please all the people all the time!	What's with these people complaining about how there was no room for their family of four? No kidding! What hotel room is that big? Granted, the rooms are a little smaller than average but not bad for a big city hotel. Any non-suite hotel room will be cramped w/ four people in it! This hotel (and all W's for that matter) are geared towards couples and upscale clients. It's not Disney world. They have an image to keep up - don't get mad just because you didn't do your homework and the hotel &quot;wasn't what you were expecting&quot;. That's your fault, not the hotels. Also, the way the bathroom opens up to the rest of the room is VERY sexy when you significant other is in the shower!I only have two complaints - it's not right on Michigan Avenue so you have to walk and while it is only a half mile, it sucks in February! Also, the hallways were a little old and could use a touch-up.Everything else was great. The service was excellent. The food was A+++. I would recommend this place to anyone, as long as they didn't have a family w/ them ;)	
Feb 18 2005	W='wanna be important' but get used to hearing 'no'	stayed w/ my family on valantines weekend.Room was cramped and very dusty - all 4 of us had problems from the dust when we woke up the next morning.Only one restaraunt - only serving a 9 course meal - ONLY -- they told us to take our kid (4 &amp; 9) to the BAR! for dinner!Who are they kidding!Called room service - asked for a hamburger - they said &quot;can't do that&quot; asked for Mac/Cheese for kids - they said &quot;can't do that either&quot;we ordered a steak to split and a chicken ceasar salad --&gt; it cost $73 !! - no drinks we ordered either! What a RIP! food was fair -- for that price it should have been outstanding.for the level of hotel and cost they should have bent over backwards.Went to breakfast the next morning w/ continental free breakfast coupons - we have to make sure our son has protein and special food due to food allergies. They told us we couldn't apply a dollar value to the coupon to get him a different meal -- we just continually heard &quot;NO&quot; to everything.Strangely the following night we went to the Ritz Carlton for dinner - and they bent over backwards for us.. taking our coats, showing to the restrooms, table, etc, extremely polite, clean beautiful place.. worth the money... but NOT at the W Lakeside!Huge disappointmentThey even wanted US to call HQ to make sure my husband's unused hotel points were redeposited into his account after we decided to switch hotels. They made NO attempt to make things right or do what any other hotel would do.	
Jan 29 2005	Watch out your credit card statement-EXTRA EXTRA chrages show up!!!	I took my staff to a conference in Chicago and we stayed at W Hotel from 11/10/04 to 11/13/04. We had 3 rooms all together. During check out, our bill showed up additional $14.65 for telephone which we did not use. Everyone has cell phones and who would use hotel phone to call home? After verifying it with all my staff, we contacted the front desk and they removed it. When I received my credit card bill, Yes, they did remove the $14.65 charge, but a $35.10 charge showed up on my credit card bill! I contacted W Hotel Lakeshore Chicago billing department to ask them what happened, they never return my calls. I contacted Citibank and I am disputing the charges. I stay with Starwood hotels all the time when we travel, and I even own a timeshare with Starwood. This is by far the worst experience I had with any starwood hotels. I would avoid W Hotel Chicago!!!	
Dec 3 2004	Comtemporary Excellence	The W Lakeshore is beautiful. Yes the hallways are dark as is the lobby, but if you are looking for a contemporary style this is the place. The scent of vanilla candles in the lobby is inviting. The bartenders in the lobby are very nice. In the evenings you don't have to go further than the lobby bar downstairs for a good time. There are always a fair amount of people in the lobby having a good time. The rooms are beautiful with a very comfortable bed. The lakeview is awesome. We had a lovely time at the W. I completely recommend it. The only downfalls are the pool and the fitness center. They are not very nice.	
Dec 1 2004 	Just what I wanted!	My wife and I stayed at the W - Lakeshore for 3 nights after thanksgiving and we were very impressed. The contemporary decor and furnishings throughout the hotel are great. The lobby is such a fun place to hang out whether it be waiting for friends, reading, or having a drink. The music is always inviting. The rooms are big and well furnished. Our bathroom was wonderful.The staff was very knowledgable about Chicago and very friendly. My wife is anxious to visit other W hotels.	
Nov 24 2004	Awesome!!!!!	We were told that this was a remodeled Days Inn but chose to stay here anyways. The location of this hotel is unbeatable...everything is right around the corner within walking distance. We stayed here spring 04' and we couldn't have picked a more sunnier weekend! The staff at the hotel is great and the vibe is even better. If you're looking for a young, hip place to stay, stay here!!! We were upgraded to a lakeshore view room on one of the higher floors. The bar on top is awesome! If your're looking for great italian food, eat at MIA FRANCESCA for dinner, we loved it!! Hope this helped!!	
Nov 22 2004	Great hotel and staff	My family and I just got back from this hotel and I did not want to leave! I have stayed at many other &quot;W&quot; but I have to say that the staff here was wonderful. From the moment that I arrived it was geat. Dainel check us in (early!) and even offered a free upgrade. He gave us a nice lakeview room (awsome view!) for free. The bellman Dave Thompson was also very nice. He call us by name, and when we went to get a cab, he offered us a complentary ride to our destination in a 2004 Chrysler, water and snaks provide!! When it was time to leave they also give us a late check-out with out any problems. I travel a lot, and this by far was the best hotel staff I've ever delt with. And last but not least, that the rooms are very nice too.	
Nov 15 2004	The worst in the W chain not worth the price	I had been warned that this used to be a Days Inn by the locals in Chicago, but I didn't listen, because it does have an incomparable view of the lake. But for nearly 300 a night, this location has failed miserably in not renovating the rooms from the hotel's earlier incarnations. They have basically taken your standard rectangular no-frills low-end hotel chain box and thrown in some fancy linens and a little shuttered window in the bathroom wall. Then they threw a hip bar in the lobby and a big glittery &quot;W&quot; out on the curb, and, voila, now the rooms are 300 a night. Puhleease!	
Nov 9 2004	Overrated overpriced pain in the .....	I stayed here recently and I was disappointed. This is a typical W. Dark interior, cool looking lobby area with bar, young employees, nice beds, premium rates($200+)--BUT here are the problems:*only average service*average fitness area*elevators are too small*not enough elevatorsI was trying to leave the hotel on a Monday morning and had to let 3 full elevators pass by before I could catch one--and I was on the 20th floor. On the way down we stopped at 5 or 6 floors and waiting guests could only look in and shake their heads.One other thing-strangely, it appeared that around 75% of the guests were male. It was a football weekend, but I dont' know if that would cause this. This is not a bad place to stay, but there are many others in Chicago that offer better service, better location, and a better value.	
Nov 3 2004 	"W"onderful.......	This was my first time staying at a &quot;W&quot;, and from my experience at the Lakeshore, if there is ever a &quot;w&quot; to stay at, I will not stay anyplace else. Though my room was not available for early check-in, nor was it available at regular 3PM check in time, I was given a room on a higher floor as a result. The check-in staff was very efficient and helpful, and my room was incredible--view overlooking the lake and the Navy Pier. The Suite (with a fabulous bed!) and hotel were extremely clean and just very cool in general. I was known by name immediately after I checked in, and felt instantly like I was a part of some really funky new family. The concierges, of which I think 5 different ones helped me, were all very informed and gave me excellent advice. Jerry, Julie and Sheryl were particularly helpful and did everything in their power to see that I had the ultimate &quot;W&quot; experience. I thank all of the staff at the &quot;W&quot; from the doormen to the management for the excellent service and being able to all work together as a team who presents itself as one who really enjoys what they do.	
Oct 28 2004	W Lakeshore is Wonderland	Great hotel with fantastic service. Love the amenities.	
Oct 27 2004	Can you say DAYS INN!!!	It's still a Days Inn with paper thin walls and noisy elevator. Stay away, Stay far, far away from this so called hip hotel. May be great for juvenile college type. I don't understand all the hype of this hotel. It's not worth the money. I found a MUCH nicer hotel in the area at about 1/2 the price, but I'm keeping that secret to myself!	
Oct 20 2004	Absolutely wrong for families	I have to absolutely agree with the reviews that say this is not a hotel for families. Even though my 5 year old loved it, it was sort of &quot;creepy.&quot; The black pseudo-asian decor is pretentious. There are no vending machines in the entire place. If you want a pop, you have to go to the bar or order room service. We wanted to spend a weekend downtown without having to go back on the train each night. Next time we go it would be better to stay right on N. Michigan Ave.Part of our package was to have a &quot;spectacular&quot; lake view. They put us on the eighth floor and all we could see was the building. We had to schlepp down to the lobby and change rooms. Of course, no other rooms were available at that time.I guess this would be a fine hotel for &quot;hipster doofuses&quot;.If you are a regular person or have a family avoid it.	
Oct 18 2004	Great Hotel but avoid the rooms by the elevator.	I came here to celebrate my daughter's 12th birthday. She was dying to stay at a W! The hotel was great except...we were located in the room right next to the elevators and all night long it sounded like there were airplanes flying close overhead. There was also a sorority party going on at the hotel and so we were awoken at midnight and again at 3 am by the young party goers. Needless to say, rooms seem to lack a good sound proofing system. Decor was sleek and trendy and service was good. I wondered if I was given the not so prime room because I was there with 3 twelve year olds rather than a sophisticated partner! Who knows maybe I'm just being paranoid! I would stay here again, but request a room very far from the elevator shaft.	
Oct 18 2004	The Best Downtown Hotel	My stay at the W Lakeshore was wonderful. The rooms were fabulous as well as the courteous staff that made sure my stay was excellent. The hotel's modern rooms were awesome! I would recommend this hotel to all my friends!	
Oct 15 2004	"W"onderful!!	I loved this place! From the great reception at check-in and the friendly and informative bell staff to the heavenly feather bed and outstanding view of the lake! I've stayed at many different hotels in Chicago in the past, but will make it a point of returning to the &quot;W&quot;.....both Lakeshore AND City Centre!	
Oct 15 2004	Great ambiance!!	Staying at the W Lakeshore was a great experience. The staff was very accommodating and friendly. The views from the room were incredible and the decor was trendy. I would definitely stay at the hotel again and recommend it to friends!	
Sep 28 2004	What a Great Place	This place was great! I live in Chicago and wanted to do a get away in the city with a friend from out of town. We checked in on Friday around 2pm. The vibe was great! From the music, lighting, botanicals and what a VIEW! All you see is Lake Michigan from the lobby or as they call it, the Living room. The room was great and again the view of the lake from the room was awesome. We loved the bed and the calming décor of the room it was very cool. In the morning we rented bikes from the hotel and went down the lakefront. My friend loved the view of the city from the lake. Bike rentals were an unexpected nice touch for a hotel. But I guess it only makes sense being on the lake and all. Bottom line – I definitely will search out W Hotels for my travels. The staff is great. I think the atmosphere they work in makes them so happy that they are just a pleasure to deal with. I think I heard “Welcome to Wonderland” from every one of them by the time I left. Kinda cheesey but I guess we all need a gimmick. I think they have really got it. Comfort but not cold, fun but professional, resort but urban. Hats off to you!!!!	
Sep 28 2004	Love the beds	I love this hotel! Everytime I'm in Chicago I stay here. The lake view rooms are worth the extra cost, there's nothing like taking a shower and over looking Lake Michigan. The beds, like all W beds are out of this world. The staff I encountered were friendly, more than willing to give restaurant recommendations outside of the hotel. The layout of the room is fantastic, lots of cool, dark colors to add to the atmosphere! The only drawback might be if you're traveling with kids, it's not really a hotel for families with small children but being a single person I didn't mind that at all.	
Sep 20 2004	Very cool hotel	Just came back from a 3-night stay at the W Hotel Lakeshore. What a classy place, but hip enough that I didn't feel out of place being 25 years old. The lobby has really neat chairs and quite a bar scene in the evenings. The room was nicely appointed, lots of pillows and a neat couch. They were very accomodating to changing all the linens from down to synthetic. We were able to go to our room immediately, even though it was only 10 am (of course it was a Thursday so this could have been an anomaly). My only beef was that the concierge service was a little too into themselves, they didn't seem all that interested in helping us find a place to eat for a special night. I don't expect a lot from staff, but I felt that were bothering the concierge (taking him away from his personal phone call). All in all, I would so recommend a stay there. Very nice hotel.	
Sep 8 2004	Rude employee!	for work, i travel quite often, especially to chicago. I like to try different hotels whenever I'm in chicago and i've stayed at the W-lakeshore before and thought that the employees were pretty rude but i really like the bed and the ambiance of the room. Therefore, when my friend came over from Germany we decided to meet up in Chicago and stayed at the W hotel for one night during the week since we both had to fly out to some other cities around chicago and 3 more nights on the weekend. I was trying to reach him at the hotel since he checked in first and the front desk personnel who answered the phone was REALLY RUDE and kept telling me there was no guest by my friend's last name and when I spelled out my last name since the reservation was also under mine and it was a long last name he just cut me in the middle and transferred me to reservation!!!!! The reservation lady didn't quite understand why I was being transferred there but she was able to locate our reservation. So I called the hotel back to be connected to the room and AGAIN, the same person kept telling me in a very rude way that there was no guest by that name until he realized that he did not hear the name correctly. Seriously, for a hotel of this caliber, it can afford to employ more courteous and polite employees! for that particular hotel employee, i really don't get what your problem is - if you don't like to work in hospitality, then QUIT! This is the second disappointment I've had in the past 3 days w/ Starwood hotels. The other one was with Westin - Century Plaza and Spa in LA. No wonder I don't have that many points in my SPG account but have millions in Marriott Rewards. Yes, I cancelled my second reservation for the weekend, shortly after that. There are plenty of other nice hotels in Chicago!	
Sep 7 2004	Perfect spot for weekend exploration	I grew up in Chicago and go back often to visit family. My other half and I decided to surprise my family and show up for a family reunion, so we picked the W and decided to play toursit for a few days. First, I must say, downtown Chicago has made a huge comeback since I lived there over 10 years ago. Millenium Park is amazing and Michigan Avenue is thriving. The W is close to everything, yet located in a quiet spot on the lakefront. The service was perfect - others can learn about how to treat guests. The beds were an inspiration with pillowtop mattresses and high quality cotton bedding. Really cool furnishings and very clean. Definitely a place to come back to.	
Aug 13 2004	This place has it all!!!!	What a fantastic hotel!!! Worth every dollar spent....even for the overpriced drinks at the two bars! Was there July 23-25 for Manchester United soccer game. Walked into the lobby fresh from the airport and was met by three of the most gorgeous women imaginable....all employees of the hotel. The bar in the lobby was loaded with beautiful women. Was awestruck by the five-star quality room I was given....had a fantastic view as well. Whiskey Sky Bar on the top floor was just as great as the lobby. This place will ALWAYS be my first choice in Chicago. It is well-located for tourism, shopping and, best of all, nightlife! One note, this hotel is not for the faint at heart....like most W Hotels, it's for the young (or young at heart) and/or hip who like to hang out real, real late. I loved it!	
Aug 13 2004	Great Views and a Smarmy Pool	Like all W Hotels, the Lake Shore is modern and &quot;hip,&quot; with incredible beds. The location on Lake Shore Drive is excellent with views of Lake Michigan, Navy Pier and the city skyline (I won't mention the &quot;reclamation plant&quot;). We had a room on the 29th floor overlooking the lake, excellent view of Navy Pier and nightly fireworks. The decor is somewhat dark, the ceilings are painted black, but lots of interesting lighting and an entire wall of windows. The bathroom had an inside window with wooden shutters looking into the bedroom, the shutters however could be opened from the bedroom eliminating privacy. The Whiskey Bar on the 33rd floor is in need of a facelift. It is extremely dark, lit only by votive candles, burn holes in the leather bench and chairs, copious spider webs on the outside of the windows (How did they get up there?). Be prepared for sticker shock, a plain label rum and coke is $8.00. If you're flush on cash there are plenty of premium spirits at $600.00 a bottle. On the 7th floor there is a work out room, indoor pool and outdoor lounge area. The louge chairs had their legs cut off so they may as well have been pads on the concrete. I wouldn't get in the pool on a bet, the water was cloudy and smarmy looking, with a slimey brownish growth on the bottom. The W is pet friendly, a &quot;litter box&quot; and drinking bowls are right out the front door with other areas marked with a bone shaped sign designated for them to do their business. Michigan Avenue shopping is four city blocks away, easy walking distance. Turn left and 3 blocks up is the Chicago River, doubledecker sightseeing bus kiosks and architectural boat cruises. Most of the great restaurants require a cab ride and are plentiful. I have mixed reviews for the staff, from over the top &quot;I'm here to help you enjoy our city,&quot; to disinterested and non-helpful. Overall, the hotel is great if you don't look too closely.	
Aug 9 2004	Awesome hotel but pricey	This hotel was amazing. Below are my bulleted comments about the good and not so good.The Good:- The location is awesome. You can walk to Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. It is a short cab ride away to all other Chicago attractions.- The zen decor was beautiful. The rooms were beautiful. We asked for and upgrade to a suite and they were kind enough to accommodate us, even on a weekend (it may have helped that I'm a Gold Starwood member, so I don't know if they do that for everyone).- The service of every single staff person was amazing.- The exercise room and pool were very nice.- The view of the lake was nice. The city view rooms aren't as great, but cheaper.- The beds are heavenly as they are in all the Westins, W's and some Sheratons.- The bath care products were Aveda and were awesome.- It has three of the hottest and swakiest bars in all of Chicago. The bar on the top floor is a see and be seen bar of Chicago. It was pretty cool to stay at such a happenin' place.The Not so Good:- I was able to use some Starwood points for the stay or else I don't know that we could have afforded the room. Everything else was very pricey (i.e., parking is $39/night, but we found this to be about the going rate at all other hotels and public parking in the area)- I can't think of anything else that wasn't good about this hotel. You just have to know going into it that it will be pricey, but it is well worth it because it is an amazing hotel.	
Aug 8 2004	Great Hotel	I love the W. To all the reviewers who say the bamboo blinds let too much sun in check behind them. There are sun shades that completly block out the sun. The hotel is clean and the beds are the best.	
Aug 2 2004	What a nightmare!	If you want to enjoy your visit to Chicago, then avoid this nightmare of a hotel. It is run more like a dormitory or frat house attached to a nightclub. There are long lines at night for GUESTS to use the elevators, and they're supervised by rude/thug-like bouncers. The couple in the room next to me were screaming at each other at 2:30 AM. The room across from my friends' had at least 6 people in it, and they started their rampage at 4:30 AM. People go up and down with their drinks all night from one bar to another. The management was marginally responsive/apologetic. We were so disgusted, we checked out after only one night, and went to the Fairmont, where we had much bigger rooms for much less $--it was a welcome and refreshing change! I would highly recommend the Fairmont.	
Jul 29 2004	Dissapointed	I am a travel agent that lives about 30 miles outside of downtown Chicago and over the years I've had many opportunites to stay downtown at different hotels for various reasons. I chose this hotel because I'd heard many great things about the W properties from clients and friends, so I thought it would be perfect for 4 girls looking for a hip, trendy hotel for the night. My first impression upon entering the hotel was that it was very funky-fun and yet somehow tranquil in a minimalist sort of way. The staff and service I received upon check in, getting directions to a club and check-out were great and on par with how I expected to be treated at a hotel of this caliber. Where my disspointment comes from with this property is in the rooms themselves. The rooms are very small - there isn't much room to maneuver between the end of the beds and the counter that holds the tv, mini bar etc. The lighting is awful - in the bathroom and in the bedroom. Trying to put on makeup for the evening was a complete joke and we all left asking each other if we had too much on because we couldn't see what we were doing. The color scheme in the room doesn't make this any easier either, since everything is done up in dark browns, black cherry, black etc. The ceiling itself is even painted dark brown, which certainly doesn't help reflect light. The one positive thing that I can say about the room is that the beds are as wonderful as they say they are. Amazingily soft and luxurious - it would have been probably the best night of sleep in a hotel bed that I'd ever had except for the fact that there was only a bamboo woven mat shade covering the windows that did absolutely nothing in the way of blocking out any morning light. Needless to say after getting to bed at 5'am weren't happy about being woken up by bright sunshine at 830'am. I would not recommend this hotel to people with kids, anyone looking for a spacious and well-lit room, or for late night people unless you plan on bringing a sleep mask to block out the sunlight. For an overall more comfortable, pleasant stay in downtown Chicago I highly recommend the Hyatt Regency, Swissotel, Sheraton, Embassy Suites, or Hilton.	
Jul 22 2004	This hotel is fun.	This is a fun hotel. Firstly, children are treated perfectly there: games, cribs, a child menu -not on paper but in the whatever/whenever-. Secondly, the staff though a bit condescending are like extra in a 007 movie: the whole place is very very amusing with humorous reformulations (a bellman is a welcome ambassador), original decor. It is relaxing to be in a place which is so different. The rooms are not big but they are very comfortable. Service was fantastic and prompt.Will go back there and to all Ws anywhere.	
Jun 28 2004	too much 4 too less	Well i checked in 6/24/04 and to my suprise the rooms were too small. I thought it was gonna be bigger. They stated online that i could get a rollaway bed or the room came with a chiase lounge but they lied. I had a double room occupancy with 3 people sharing it! the sink was stopped up when we arrived and I honestly believe that the comforter weren't changed daily. I had a 3 night stay there and won't be back. the charge was reg. 435 a night, luckily I used my govt. discount wich made the room 150 a night- I still won't be back!	
Jun 14 2004	Ok Hotel	Stayed 4 nights at the W. Room in terms of design and comfort is superb, although may need some extra lighting for the color scheme makes the whole room dark. I love the the bathroom very stylish and different. I wish I can say the same thing about W staff. Most of the staff has no style or panache. The staff at the restaurant does not have their act together. On our first stay our foodserve looks untidy (black pants is fading, looks like it has not been wash for days.) to make it worst he switch our bill with another customer. The other customer was peeved. It seems that eveyone including people hanging out on the lobby tries hard to be cool and hip. Well they all tried but fortunately did'nt quite make it. Overall it is a good hotel. It's just the staff need some training how to run a sophisticated hotel,.. like Hotel Monaco. 	
Apr 8 2004	Cold showers only	Recently had a very unpleasant three-night stay at the W. On the first morning we noticed that we had no hot water in the shower or sink and almost no water pressure. After a cold shower and shave I complained to front desk who apologized and promised to have the problem corrected. The next morning the water was still as freezing as the day before. This time I spoke to both a supervisor and manager, both of whom apologized and again assured me that the problem would be fixed. Needless to say, the water was again cold the next morning. When I asked for a refund the Hotel informed me that this was not possible because I had prepaid for my stay (!!!). I was given enough &quot;preferred guest&quot; points for a free nights stay but I still believe that I should not have to pay over $250 a night for a hotel that cannot even provide hot water.	
Apr 5 2004	Love/Hate Relationship	Ten our my girlfriends stayed the weekend for a Bachlorette Party. Most of us had mixed reviews. Each room has something wrong with it, yet it was still fabulous. As I stated we had a Love/Hate Relationship with The W Hotel Lakeshore. Love: The decor was hip, the beds were O so comfortable, the view is the best in Chicago. The hotel is clean and provides everything you need. Just being there makes you feel very sexy. Hate: The rooms are so dark, you can't find anything you are looking for. Girls beware of trying to put makeup on. Our sink was constanlty clogged. One of the 3 rooms wasn't ready for check in until 7PM. The staff at the restaurant was very unorganized. I'd definetly stay again, considering it is the best hotel I've stayed at in Chicago, but next time I'll pack a flashlight.	
Feb 7 2004	Love those W beds	What a great hotel!! The beds are wonderful, you might not want to get up in the morning. All the staff I encountered were friendly and helpful. The bar aka Living Room was a fun place to hang out with friends and have a drink or two. The food wasn't bad from the bar menu, didn't make it to the restaurant. Like some other reviewers said this really isn't the place to bring kids as it does have an adult atmosphere. Do yourself a favor and splurge for a lake view room. You can take a shower while looking out over the lake. The hotel is only a short cab ride away from anything in the city. Like most W's the halls are a bit dark as are the rooms but it just helps to add to the atmosphere of the place. I love all the W hotels I've stayed at but I think this one is my favorite. The color scheme in the rooms are relaxing and romantic, lots of black, tan and red. I'll be back.	
Jan 26 2004	Fun 	 A much needed &quot;Girls Weekend&quot;. First time in a W. Now we understand what all the rave is about! We had a ball. Super hotel! Definately different than any other place we've ever stayed. Not for all travelers, though. Funky, sexy, chic, loud music, busy--fun fun fun!! So far from our lives as young moms with 3 young children at home. We traveled for a long weekend Nov. 7-11, 2003. I highly recommend this hotel. GREAT STAFF-very personable and accomodating. Book it-you'll be glad you did! 	
Nov 21 2003	Nice Place	The W Lakeshore is a wonderful hotel, though certainly developed for a certain crowd. This, as are most W hotels, has 20-35 year-old, affluent people in mind as its clientele. If you prefer more traditional luxury like the Four Seasons or Ritz-Carlton, or are traveling with a family, do yourself a favor and do not stay here. You will not be happy.My girlfriend and I stayed here one night to relax, we go to school in Chicago, and both of us loved the hotel. To feel comfortable in the public areas of this hotel, dress well. It is a very chic styled hotel, though not cheap or cheezy. The lobby turns into a night club atmosphere at night.The service we received was as good as I have ever experienced at a Park Hyatt or Four Seasons. We checked in at about 7 PM on a Saturday evening. The SPG line was quick and we were upgraded without question. At breakfast the next morning in the Wave restaurant, we had free continental breakfast, but our waiter gave us the entire menu for free.The rooms, undoubtedly are small, as the hotel is a converted Days Inn. Nonetheless, they are wondefully furnished. The bed, as in most Starwood hotels, is second to none. The hotel certainly has the best view of any hotel in Chicago. The bathrooms are very cool. There is an Asian, wood-paneled, sliding door and nothing surrounding the shower (makes for a very nice morning shower with the girlfriend ;) ).Check-out was a breeze. So, all in all, I thought it was a very cool hotel with excellent service. Though, again, I caution you in choosing this hotel. The rooms are far too small for a family. The bathrooms are not cool unless you're traveling with someone you feel comfortable being naked around. Also, the night atmosphere is certainly not for small children or adults who prefer a more laid-back atmosphere. But, if you like a hip place and to hang out with the in-crowd, chances are you will enjoy this hotel.	
Nov 8 2003	W Hotel Lakeshore Terrible	checked into the W lakeshore on thurs. nov. 6th...I have always been a very big fan of W Hotels, unfortunetly, this W Hotel along with the two before this, were absolutely horrible...I had reserved a superior king room for three nights at the W Lakeshore. The lobby was nice, but it ended there...when we exited our cab the attendants stood there as we lifted all of our bags out of the cab by ourselves and opened the door to the hotel as they stood and talked to each other...the rooms are incredibly small, they are run down, dirty, smell, and are very loud...for the amount of money they charge it should be a crime. It is basically a holiday inn express that has been painted with odd colors and had a large W slapped on it...on friday morning I spoke with a manager who allowed us to check out two days earlier because of all the problems...we switched to the Penisula Hotel (what an amazing hotel, i'm here right now)...Overall, W Hotels have gone way downhill, the lakeshore is a total rip off and so small you can't get out of your own way...they charge a gratuity on the mini bar of 20% (i have never seen that before, nor did a waitress pop out of my minibar to serve me a drink). The rooms are disgusting, they smell and are very loud...I really did love W Hotels, I don't know what has happened, but spend your money elsewhere, this hotel is expensive and you don't receive anything but dirty, smelly, loud rooms with an extremely rude person at the WHENEVER WHATEVER desk...I truly would not recommend this hotel. Thanks to the manager of the hotel for allowing us to leave after being there only 10 hours...that was the best part...for a few dollars more you can stay in hotels that are 50 times better...even a few dollars less you could probably get more...shame on W Hotels for ripping people off like that. I will never stay at a W Hotel again...Whatever happened when Starwood bought them has been a HUGE mistake...	
Oct 30 2003	The W is wonderful!!!	As the owner of a Spa my days are filled with taking care of others. I needed to be in Chicago the week of Labor Day 2003 to attend work related classes. So, I thought I would leave a few days early and have some &quot;Me&quot; time. I love the water so I looked for a hotel that would position me perfectly to take advantage of the lake. Well, I found it! The W Lakeshore is right on the Lake and is a stones throw from Navy Pier. I booked a room with a view and watched people night and day walking, biking and swimming. My room also had a perfect view of the Navy Pier Ferris Wheel. It was beautiful. When I arrived in Chicago my bags didn't! This has never happened to me before and I was stunned. [Note to travelers--don't fly ATA.] Once I arrived at the W I just made it in time for my pre-scheduled facial and massage at their spa. At first I was taken aback because when I spoke to someone on the phone I asked if she was their &quot;spa director&quot; to which she replied &quot;Yes&quot;. Well, the &quot;spa&quot; consists of two rooms inside the gym! The check in desk is an x-hotel room with a computer and phone. But, after having the services [which were top notch] I realized that 'size doesn't matter'! A good spa experience is more of a feeling anyway. So, on to the hotel details. This is an 'uber-Urban' hotel. Super cool. But not snobby in any way. One warning however, if you have work to do which requires leaving your room early, be warned, the beds are SOO comfy you might miss all your early appointments! I have fallen completely in LOVE with the rooms at the W. I noticed how every design detail is square/cubed and was surprised how comforting that was. The shower is unique and incredible. They supply you with a CD player which I thought, &quot;Great, I didn't bring any CD's&quot;. Not to worry they also supply you with a CD for your listening pleasure that is available for sale in the shop downstairs. So here's what I did. I ordered room service and a bottle of wine, put on the groovy CD, hopped into the shower--which has a rainhead!--and gazed out my window [from the shower!] out onto the gorgeous lake!!! Oh, did I mention they also give you a TEDDY BEAR! I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Since I didn't have ANYTHING upon arrival, the W provided me with everything I could have wanted or needed to be clean and comfortable. When I left, I left behind a note which said, &quot;It's so nice to feel taken care of. Thank You for a Wonderful Experience.&quot;	
Oct 22 2003	good service hit and miss		
Oct 7 2003	Stay some where eles!!!		
Oct 6 2003	Very Hip W		
Sep 1 2003	Not for Children/Families		
Jul 22 2003	Night Club or Hotel?		
Jan 1 2003	What a SCAM		
Sep 3 2002	WOW!!!		
Jul 29 2002	Great view of the lake and convenient location!		
Jul 22 2002	Overpriced 		
Jul 8 2002	Simply --wild--not your regular Holiday Inn		
Nov 3 2009 	?????????		
Mar 13 2009	Gut gelegenes Business Hotel mit Detailschwächen		
