	solid average but nice location	The hotel is conveniently located just off the Magnificent Mile which has excellent shopping, and is walking distance to many attractions (though not particularly close to the subway). The hotel is nice and rooms are well decorated (though no LCD tvs), but when we arrived, there was no shampoo in the room, no wash cloths (we had to call the front desk to have them and the shampoo brought up), and worst of all, the toilet seat was dirty and there was a used wash cloth from the previous guest drapped over the shower curtain. My wife and I would probably choose to stay somewhere else next time.	
Nov 24 2009 	Average Hotel Good Location	I stayed here this past weekend with some friends to go to an event in the city. I was satisfied, but the hotel has some things to work on for sure...read on:-I used Hilton's &quot;Requests Upon Arrival&quot; system online where you can order things like extra towels, pillows or beverages to have delivered to your room before you even check in. I knew that there were going to be 4 guys in 1 hotel room, so some extra towels and pillows would be great. These items were NOT in the room, even though I specifically requested them months prior when making the reservation. What gives?-3 bath towels in a room that is meant to hold up to 4 guests. That's the hotel being cheap right there, clearly. -We did not find out the hotel has an indoor pool available to guests until we checked in so we did not bring our swim suits. Why is this information not on the website?-Housekeeper tried to enter our room on Sunday morning without announcing herself when we had a Do Not Disturb sign up. Thankfully the room was locked, but still...come on now. -After returning late from a bar one night, we got in the elevator and had a security guard come in after us. He did not say a word to us, but just followed us to our room and then left. SO CREEPY. I am really not okay with this...made me feel like I was a criminal or something.-Location is very good...just maybe 2 blocks from Mag Mile and a few more to other good areas like State Street and the Red Line CTA. We could also walk to Vision/Excalibur where our event was at. -The hotel has been renovated and brought up to date with contemporary furniture, but you can still tell it was once a Holiday Inn back in the 80s just by the architecture and layout. The remodel really did do a good job though and it's on par with other Doubletree hotels, although they did not replace the TVs. Rooms really could benefit from some flat-panel TVs. Really like the window-seats in the room, great for storing luggage or extra clothes.-Friendly bellmen, always saying hello and seeing if we needed a cab.-Easy access to 7/11, McDonalds, bagel shop and Dunkin Donuts for quick bites. -Free WiFi in the lobbySO, all in all, I would stay here again if I got a really good rate; however, I think there are better hotels in this city with more personal service and a better attention to detail...two things that are very important to me as a guest.I would welcome a management response to my comments.	
Nov 1 2009 	Nice rooms good location	This hotel is close to the magnificent mile. Check in was swift. Room was spacious, especially for a city hotelroom. Nice view. Very comfortable beds. There's is a nice breakfast restaurant across the street (The Egg Cafe).	
Oct 31 2009 	A good stay	We travelled across the USA on a tour organised by Great Rail Journeys of York between the 7th and 27th October 2009. We stayed at the Doubletree Hotel Chicago Magnificent Mile between the Magnificent Mile and Navy Pier for one night. We were impressed that rooms had been prepared for occupation at 1145 on our arrival and we were presented with cookies on arrival and from our 20th Floor room we had a magnificent view although we could hear traffic noise from below. The room was large and comfortable and we slept well. The hospitality tray was limited. The hotel was very clean with modern decor and a large and busy foyer area. The staff in the gift shop were very friendly and helpful.	
Oct 29 2009 	Nice rooms missing a few luxuries	This hotel had a nice clean room newly updated. It was a few blocks from mag mile. The service was good. It did not have a workout room or pool. Also some hotels in this class have complimetary breakfast and this did not.	
Oct 26 2009 	Worked out just great!	I landed this hotel via Hotwire ($69), having a good idea that where Hotwire would place me in Streeterville would quite possibly be here. It totally suited my purposes and comfort as I was in the area for a few days for a friend's wedding in this area. It was lovely to be able to walk to the various locations (Ivy Room, Conrad Hillton, etc) we were to be at - and pay the rate I was able to secure for the quality of accommodations. The bellman who greeted me at the door and was on duty several times in the 3 days/2 nights I was there was cheery and helpful. Loved having Einstein's Bagels on the ground floor area for on the go lunch or breakfast option. Totally pleased with the 2 double bed room. Would stay there again.	
Oct 24 2009 	Good Choice	Two room suite with the usual Doubletree cleanliness. This hotel is a short walk from MM and all the shopping. The pool, which is located near the top of this hotel is such a change from the ground floor experience. I know you are not suppose to look in others homes, but I could not help but to see in the homes that were in the buildings from one of the windows. The room was very quiet. I would recommend this hotel, especially if you need to save money for shopping!	
Oct 20 2009 	Solid choice	Welcoming reception area with good staff and ground floor bar. Not on, but short distance from MM. Good size well appointed rooms. Did not eat in the restaurant as many options nearby.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great Location 	Stayed here for a weekend in August. I got a good deal through travelzoo.com. Check-in was pretty quick for a Friday (had to wait about 10 mintues) and they give you complimentray warm choholate chip cookies upon check-in. Our room and bathroom were clean. Staff we encountered were friendly. Parking is around $40 per day which sounds like a lot, but isn't bad for downtown Chicago. The location can't be beat. The hotel is only a few blocks from Michigan Ave in one direction and Lake Michigan/Navy Pier in the other. Would recommend to those looking for a nice hotel in a great location in Chicago.	
Oct 13 2009 	Good hotel would stay again.	My wife and I selected this hotel due to its relative proximity to the start line for the marathon which she ran. A quick cab ride from Union Station brought us to the front door of this hotel, where we were greeted immediately by Vlad who took our bags. Steve then grabbed the cart for us and brought them up to the room with us after checking in. The lobby is a very nicely decorated area, with rounded edges everywhere(someone else pointed this out to me--it was neat to see). The lobby is farily spacious, although given it was a busy weekend, it was sometimes tough to tell. I didn't take advantage, but free WiFi is available in the lobby.We got to the floor we were on, and again, nicely appointed, with a couch for waiting. Our room was a King lakeview. The room, including the bathoom was a very nice size, and clean. The bed was very comfortable. The location was terrific as well, a few blocks from Michigan Ave and all that entails.  I should note here that Lakeview is a bit of a misnomer. They aren't lying that you are facing the lake, the only issue that there are some pretty tall buildings between their location and the lake, and so your views of the lake consist of sides or between buildings. Not a big deal for us, but if you're the type who wants to see every sailboat and swimmer, you may be disappointed. The service was very good. Excellent, even. The one front desk agent was a little abrupt in informing us the gift shop was closed when we were checking out early, but otherwise the staff were excellent. Ben out front had a cab within seconds, and the concierge(want to say Dan, but I can't remember exactly) was able to arrange our large group(only a few who were staying at the hotel) some tables at a busy restaurant. We called for some sugar for coffee, and within 4 minutes someone was there with the sugar, and 20 minutes later there was a phone call making sure we got the sugar. The towels were a little inconsistent, but they were brought right away when we asked. Excellent service.The one big negative had to do with the TVs. Not so much that they weren't flat screens, although you might expect them in a hotel that was so recently renovated, but the volume that the hotel channel is at when you first turn it on. It didn't seem to matter what the level was when you last turned it off, the volume was such that most of an army barracks would be awakened in an instant. You have no control over that volume when you turn it on. It's a race to get it down ot a manageable level.The other thing was that ther was no information booklet, it was a laminated card that was folded 3-4 ways. This is minor, no question, just was difficult to figure out that was where you got the info. I kept meaning to check it out, but never got the chance, but apparently hotel guests have access to the Lakeshore Athletic club next door. This would definitely be a big plus if this is still the case.A very good hotel though. Would have no problem recommending to anyone.	
Oct 11 2009 	Who needs lunch when there's warm cookies calling your name...	This was out first trip to Chicago and our first stay in a Doubletree hotel. We were very pleased with of course the city and also the hotel. The people at the desk were very helpfull and did not judge you at all when you asked for their delicious fresh baked cookies everyday, sometimes even for breakfast! The rooms are a good size and the hotel is very close to shopping and restaurants. We had a great time!	
Oct 8 2009 	Terrific Stay in Chi-Town	The Doubletree Magnificient Mile was the Hotel we stayed in for our 5 Day 4 Night Stay in Chicago. We found the hotel to be quite convenient to most of the things we needed or wanted to do. The room was really nice, as we had booked a double queen room with a Lake View. The beds were really soft and comfortable, and the air conditioning was terrific. Bathroom was clean, and the housekeeping gladly gave us extra towels as we were travelling with our two children. Only complaint with the room was the lack of a fridge. A minor compIaint, but just wanted to mention it here. I would think that with the cost of staying here that a fridge would be included. There is a mini-bar fridge in the room, however that is full of the mini bar itself....with no room for your items. Keep in mind if you are travelling with children that the table top mini-bar has sensors that if an item is moved you will be charged for it. i.e. jar of peanuts, etc. This was not an issue for us as our kids stayed away from it, just wanted to leave that advice to anyone else. Other hotel ammenities included a rooftop pool (obviusly closed in October, but it was there just the same), and free Wolfgang Puck Coffee and Teas in the room which was nice. As well as Neutrogena shower products. Attractions: The hotel is within walking distance to Navy Pier, the Hancock Building (as a matter of fact, our room had a view of the Hancock Building which at night was spectacular!) and of course the 'Mile itself. Restaraunts: The hotel has its own restaraunt, Marketplace, along with an Einsteins Bagle shop, however we did not dine at either of these places, instead dining away from the hotel at easy to walk to locations like the West Egg for breakfast...across the street... (Awesome!), Gino's East Pizza (two short blocks away), or the Corner Bakery (located also real close to the hotel in the Northwest Medical building.) Convenience items: There is a Dominicks store across the street from the hotel that has everything you may need during your stay. The hotel is across the street from Northwest Medical, so you may hear ambulances coming and going at night, but hey, this is Chicago, if you wanted deep silence you wouldnt be booking a trip to the city.Taxis also are lingering around the front entrance to the hotel, so you will always have convenient transportation. The concierge was also wonderful, and always had good advice to local shops, restaraunts, etc. He also was able to get us transport to Ohare the morning we left, in a nice SUV (Infiniti) that cost us no more than a regular city taxi to the Airport would have cost, which was terrific. All in all, I would definately stay here again, this is a well run hotel, convenient to everything worth seeing, and family friendly....oh yeah, free warm chocolate chip cookies for you at check in...which as you can imagine was a big hit with the kids!	
Oct 8 2009 	Good location very busy place	The Doubletree is in a good location, walking distance to many shops and sights. The lobby is always busy. There were tons of out of town football fans there over the weekend.....3 busloads full of crazy Steelers fans! The rooms are nice sized and the beds are VERY comfortable. The rooms we stayed in also had a nice window seat with a great view.	
Oct 8 2009 	This was a great location and a nice clean hotel.	The staff was friendly and helpful and I really enjoyed the decorum of the rooms. The staff was very informative about transportation, local attractions, and restaurants.	
Oct 8 2009 	I'd Stay Here Again	Liked the location - they call it the Doubletree Magnificent Mile, but you're actually a couple of blocks off the Mag Mile. Felt very safe in this area. We recommend the West Egg for breakfast and Indian Garden for dinner; both are within a block. Had dinner at the hotel restaurant - good food and great service. There's an Einstein Bros. Bagels in the hotel, but had very long lines in the morning! Hotel was very clean, beds were comfy and service was very good, especially at the front desk and bar. The rooftop pool area was adequate, but sort of &quot;cold&quot; feeling - didn't have that fun, pool atmosphere that made me want to hang out there all day.Our only complaint was that there's no free wifi in the rooms, but there is in the lobby area, and therefore the lobby areas were very often FULL with people on their laptops! We found, however, that you could sign into wifi in the lobby, then take the elevator up to your room (we were on the 3rd floor) while holding your laptop slightly open so that it doesn't go to sleep, and we were able to maintain the free connection in our room! :)We booked this room at about $100/nt., and for Chicago in summer, it was a good price for a very good room.	
Oct 5 2009 	Good location needs attention	Stayed at Doubletree on Magnificent Mile October 1 &amp; 2, 2009, for $100/night including fees/taxes; good location to walk to shops &amp; great food; raining so didn't get out as much as anticipated. Hotel requires mgnt. to listen &amp; respond to housekeeping on repairs needed-- no stopper in sink in room 1704, stopper in the tub didn't work and the tub filled with water. I didn't care to be standing in water while showering. Room 1704 is right outside the elevator-- didn't think to ask for them not to do that; wasn't peak season so I Assumed that a better room would have been provided. Overall a good 2 night stay.	
Sep 27 2009 	Good downtown hotel.	Booked this hoel on Priceline.com; got a great rate for it. Excellent downtown hotel with rooftop pool. Located north of downtown on the Magnificant Mile. Very nice area; I felt totally safe walking alone in the area late at night. Close to Michigan Ave. Very professional staff, clean well appointed room, very enjoyable stay, especially for the price. Bus stops in front of hotel; subway about a 10 minute walk. Plenty of good restaurants about a 5 to 10 minute walk west of hotel.	
Sep 25 2009 	Awesome! Loved it.	This hotel is fabulous. Can't say enough about it. Obviously the location is perfect. The hotel is very clean, the rooms spacious and very clean. We booked online, and asked for a lake view room. It was a partial view, but we were up very high and it was still very nice!It was perfect for my husband and 1 yr old. We had a room with 2 beds and a crib and still had plenty of space!! Bathroom was super nice and big, perfect for a family of 3 to wander in and out of at the same time.The beds were super comfy, however the pillows could use some upgrading.Bring your pillow! The staff was very friendly and helpful. Loved the 'doormen' They were super sweet and caring and always tried to make my daughter laugh.I just wish internet was free at this hotel in the room (we paid for wireless) and that parking wasn't as expensive! We had no issues with noise as others had noted. Occassionally we heard doors slamming. Oh, and the Ice machine on our floor was not working...we had to go to another floor to collect ice. No big deal.Totally recommend this hotel. We walked everywhere. For those looking for a quick breakfast, we hit the Dunkin' Donuts around the corner.	
Sep 23 2009 	Uhhhhh...Not So Great	Just of bit of background...we are a family of five and Hilton's Homewood Suites is our brand of preference. Still, my six-year-old daughter and I decided to take an impromptu trip to Chicago and wanted to stay at a different hotel. We picked Doubletree because of the location and based on some of the reviews. We arrived at O'Hare and decided to take the subway in order to get a true feel of the city. The subway ride was entirely long and the train stop (Grand - Red Line) was quite a distance from the hotel. When we arrived, the lobby looked rather contemporary and new. The front desk staff were reasonably hospitable. My disappointment is with the room itself and the amount of noise you can hear in the hotel. Every morning and evening we would hear the other guests coming and going through our room door. It was so loud that one night my daughter and I jumped thinking someone was trying to get into our room. Then one guest must have been checking out at 5:30 in the morning so we were unfortunately awakened then as well. I so wanted to get some rest on my vacation since the whole purpose was to releax and have fun. We simply weren't able to do so at this hotel. We could also hear through the relatively thin walls. The noise reason alone will be the reason I will never return to this hotel. The beds were indeed comfy and as one reviewer already noted, the pillows weren't so great. There was a lot of settled dust around the nightstand (on the clock, the lamps, etc). The problem with that is it indicates the areas were not cleaned prior to our use. The bathrooms were just okay. We stayed in room 2507 and the cabinets in the bathroom were damaged and the door had visible dirt. The shower curtains were extremely fresh and had just been laundered. The towels were clean and so was the sink, toilet and tub. The shower head had an extremely soft flow and there was definite temperature restrictions on how hot you could make the water. I do feel we would have better enjoyed our trip at the Hilton Homewoood Suites. Not only was it much closer to the Magnificent Mile, it was much closer to the Subway. Also, I'm sure it was quieter since I didn't see guests complaining otherwise. I will also say that the Concierge (with the exception of a lady that was working Saturday, Sept. 19 in the evening) and the staff in the restaurant were extremely friendly. Also, the hotel is reasonably close to Navy Pier. Chicago is definitely a great city to visit! I will definitely be back but just not necessarily at the Doubletree.	
Sep 16 2009	Great location	I booked this hotel on expedia.com for $111/night. We stayed from Sept 6-10. I am a Hilton rewards member. I was disappointed to find out that since I booked through Expedia that I could not get Hilton points for the trip. The hotel is located close to Michigan Ave and there are bus stops near by. We had two rooms, one which had an ocean view. The rooms are clean, I like the decor and the beds are very comfortable. My only complaints are the refrigerator that is stocked with drinks and you will be charged if you remove any of them. There is no room in the fridge for anything that you may have brought with you. The showerhead is very large and it is like taking a shower in the rain. The staff is very helpful in giving directions. I was disappointed in the cost of the breakfast buffet $21. That's pretty expensive. We ate at the Markethouse for breakfast once and then ate breakfast every other day at the West Egg Cafe across the street. Overall I was satisfied with the hotel and would stay there again.	
Sep 3 2009 	Friendliest staff and comfiest beds!	Stayed here in chicago at the end of an american trip as the flight home was from O'Hare... so disappointed i didnt get to stay for longer then we did. staff were great, all recommendations were spot on. hotel room was spotless and the bed was unbeliebeable comfy. hotel is really close to the shops on mag mile (expensive and the more reasonably priced!) all in all chicago was a great town and ill definitly be back	
Aug 31 2009 	Very good location great for families	We stayed at this Hotel the end of August, for three nights.The rooms were very clean and housekeeping was very nice they even put my grandsons stuffed anumals on his pillows like they were sleeping. Plenty of towels and constant replacement of toiletries.The weather when we were there was rather chilly, but we used the pool and the towel container was usually kept full. The breakfast in the restaurant area was a little pricey but the quality was top notch. The waitstaff was very attentive.When the lobby bar closes, the one at the Marketplace restaurant is open late.They should have in each room a list of dining options at the hotel. Perrhaps this will be forth coming after they complete rennovations.Within three blocks from the hotel to Michigan Ave. There are a lot of dinning options in all price ranges, from pubs to sandwich shops to Tex Mex grills. Dominiks market is on the corner and has every thing at very good prices for a Big city downtown supermarket.	
Aug 29 2009 	Loved it!	Exceptional two day Hotwire stay here recently. Checked in at about noon--made no requests other than non smoking. Room turned out to be a two double handicap accessible room. Since the zero entrance showers bring back bad memories of 7th grade PE for both me and my BW---we called down immediately and asked for a non-handi room-preferably with one king. My request was rapidly met. One of the greatest thing about this hotel to me: It's got an old school &quot;unit to a room&quot; furnace/ac and you can get it as cool as you want!Clean. Quiet, great staff, great dining options--stay here if you can, unless you have some behavioral l problems--you should be happy.There is an excellent Einstein's Bagel store attached to this hotel. One morning I got carry out for me and my BW for breakfast. After I ordered My Bagels &amp; Nova lox--I paid the young lady running the cash register--who was adorned in full muslim headdress. I spent the rest of our trip hoping to find a Hassidic jew running a Falafel stand	
Aug 24 2009 	Nice hotel off Michigan Ave	We stayed here for 3 nights last July to check out the Mag mile and see the Cubbies. The hotel appeared to have a total rennovation and was very nice and clean. The check in staff was very friendly and helpful with suggestions on places to eat. You get a warm cookie upon check in!! Check in was very quick. Our room and bathroom were very clean and newly remodeled. The beds were very comfortable. The only thing I thought was silly was were requested a sofa bed because we were traveling with our teenage son and the room was too small for that. Once you opened up the sofa bed there was no room to walk. You had to crawl over the sofa bed to get to the bathroom. Overall though it was a great We had a good view even though we were not on Michigan Ave. Michigan Ave was about 4 blocks away. When we asked the concierge about dinner, they gave excellent suggestions and made all our reservations for us. We also ate breakfast at the hotel and it was pretty good. They offered us private transportation to the airport which was the same price as a cab. Their private transportation was a Lincoln Navigator which was much more comfortable than the taxi on the way in! Overall I thought for the price it was an excellent deal if you are ok with a little bit of a walk...	
Aug 21 2009 	Not up to Hilton Standards	As a business traveler and a Hilton Gold Member, I used points to stay at this hotel with my family. Certainly, when you use points you want a good value and a nice place for your family to stay. Believe me, there's better.This is an old Holiday Inn, at best. The rooftop pool was a big attraction for us and the main reason we wanted to stay there. Unfortunately the pool area never had towels, was horribly dirty and the pool side snack bar was never open. Cmon', middle of the summer in Chicago and a guy can't get a beverage? When is it open?Overall the staff was friendly, but the rooms were not very clean and there was absolutely no water pressure in the showers. The ice maker on the 25th floor did not work either. Another very disappointing issue was the hotel lobby bar was closed early every night. One night it was closed at 8:30pm. How can the hotel bar (a profit center) be closed at 8:30pm when the hotel is at capacity (according to the front desk who wouldn't upgrade me to a larger room).I must say, I would not recommend you using your valuable points on this sub-par Hilton property and if you are staying there, don't pay more than $99. It's just not worth it.	
Aug 17 2009 	good location unfriendly staff pool closes too early	We stayed here 2 nights in August. When I pulled into the driveway and unloaded the kids to go check-in, I was told that I needed to park in the parking garage FIRST and then check in. I thought this was interesting because the same guy was helping other people unload their luggage from their cars, and then waiting for them as they checked in. But we had to park in the parking garage, unload our car in the parking gargage and bring our luggage with us to the front desk and then check in. I have a theory on this, but hesitate to say. Anyway, minus the unfriendly staff, including front desk person, the hotel was nicely located close to shopping. There is a free trolley that will drop you off close to your hotel (not at) from Navy Pier. Our room was nice, bed and pillows were comfortable. The kids complaint was that the pool closed too early. Many of the hotels close their pools at 11:00. This pool closes at 10:00 pm so if you go out for dinner and don't get to the restaurant at 5:00, or go shopping later, by the time you get back to the hotel the pool will be closing. We did go one morning and it was neat that it was on the roof, (on the 5th floor) but in a city like Chicago with things being open later, it would be nice for the pool to stay open later as well. The biggest plus is that most things are within walking distance from this hotel.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great place - close to everything	We spent one night at the Doubletree after spending 3 nights in Westmont traveling into town each day. Both have their pluses, one being the cheaper prices out of town! We thoroughly enjoyed being within walking distance of everything! We parked our car early in the a.m. at the garage and checked in later. The next a.m., we walked around a bit thinking we'd be charged by the hour since we were past our 24 hour limit and were happy to still be charged the set $41 price that came with our room. My son and I walked to Navy Pier that evening and I felt relatively safe walking back at night with just the two of us. Since it's a tourist area, you can always find someone to hang close behind. The rooftop pool was nice, on the 5th floor, but ran out of towels on a chiily evening. They were replaced shortly after we left. We paid extra for a lakeview room on the 23rd floor but could see very little of it with the other buildings blocking the view. Elevators were prompt and staff was very friendly and helpful.	
Aug 3 2009 	good location and great value	Stayed here a week and found the staff helpful and knowledgeable. Location is just a couple of blocks off Michigan, convenient for shopping, also across the street from a Domenick's grocery store. Room was clean and well maintained. Lobby bar was inviting. Only downside was no free wi fi in rooms, only free wi fi in lobby. did not eat at any of the hotel restaurants, but West Egg across the street had great breakfasts.	
Jul 31 2009 	Nice Experience	Hubby and I went to Chicago for a couple of days in July to go to a Cubs game and sitesee. The hotel was easy to find and parking was easy. The check-in went smooth and the welcome cookies were tasty. Our room was nice and clean and had plenty of towels. The decor was modern and not something I would want at my house but cool to have in a hotel room. We could see a little sliver of the lake from our room, but we hadn't paid for a great view. The rooftop pool was nice. The water was cold and a hot tub would have been welcome. I guess there was wifi in the lounge area but we didn't use it. We didn't eat in the restaurant there, but the menu did look good and compettiive pricing for other restaurants in the area. The location is within a decent walking distance of shops and many restaurants. The door man did get us a taxi so we could go to the Oak Street Beachstro, the food there was just okay. But it was neat to be on a Chicago beach with palm trees. We also ate at the Weber Grill (hubby's choice) and that had good food. We did go out at night and felt safe in the area around the hotel. Overall the hotel was a good experience and next year when we go down for another Cubs game we will probably stay there again.	
Jul 27 2009 	Very Nice Hotel Great Location Friendly Staff	I stayed at the Doubletree for 3 nights July 10-13. Just a few blocks walking distance to Magnificient Mile, great eateries surrounding the hotel, and just a few blocks to the Navy Pier.The rooms were very nicely decorated and the staff was very helpful and nice.I think this was perfect location if you are interested in being close to the Maginificient Mile.I would stay here again. Walking distance to eateries, a great wine bar down the street, and a few nice breakfeast restaurants. Short cab rides to other parts of town such as Mortons or Harry Carays. About 20 minutes to Midway airport. Cab ride was $25.00 including tip.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great Location Nice hotel	My wife and I chose the Doubletree for its great location and very reasonable price over the 4th of July. When we first checked into our room, the bathroom wasnt completely cleaned but once we notified the front desk, housekeeping was sent right up. After the 1st night in the room, the ice machine just outside in the hall leaked water into the hall and into our room. Once again the front desk didnt dissappoint and apologized and quickly moved us to a different room. Also, the concierge was great and offered a few different dinner recomendations.As for the room, it was large with comfortable beds and pretty large bathrooms. We didnt go out to the pool but saw people in it constantly from our window. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting who wants to be near the Magnificent Mile. We would surely go back.	
Jul 24 2009 	really nice downtown hotel close to points of interest	3 of us stayed here for 6 days and loved every minute. Location is great for walking to Navy Pier, Millenium park, Magnificent Mile shopping and Riverside.Used the &quot;loop&quot; to get to Sear's Tower.Used the Trolley Bus tour to see city highlights and then Wrigley's Park Stadium- excellent value.Found that reasonably priced restaurant choice was a bit limited however breakfast at the West Egg opposite the hotel was very good.Rooms at the hotel are well appointed and well managed.Contrary to other reports we read we found use of the roof pool is free to guests.All staff were very helpful however a special mention must be of Ron at reception who seemed to find that nothing was too much bother- a really nice guy.	
Jul 19 2009 	No Complaints About the Doubletree Chicago!	My girlfriend and I do quite a bit of leisure traveling during the year, so we have come somewhat adept at selecting great hotels at bargain prices. The Doubletree Chicago on Magnificent Mile is definitely one of them!The hotel accommodations are more than sufficient. The rooms are spacious and nicely decorated, with in-room minibars, uber-comfortable beds, decent-sized bathrooms, plenty of towels, and cool Neutrogena bath products. As I've said in my other trip advisor reviews, you'd be smart not to touch the beverages in the minibar unless you want to waste money - these items are always way overpriced. We stayed during the July 4th weekend for a rate of $150 per night, so you can't beat that during such a busy holiday weekend. Plus, internet access is free in the plush lobby! The pool is great, the restaurant is friendly and decently priced, and the adjacent bagel shop, Einstein Bros., is ideal for your morning breakfast heading out to sightsee or whatever. Oh, be sure to check out the beaches along Lakeshore Drive if you're in town during the summer months. Nothing better than pina coladas at Oak Street beach to relax, or North Avenue beach if you want to party hard at Castaways with the frat/sorority crowd!Do yourself a favor: stay at the Doubletree next time you're in The Windy City. You can't beat the great bang for your buck amenities! Happy Traveling my Trip Advisor mates!	
Jul 17 2009 	Good location and accomodations	Just a couple of blocks off N. Michigan shopping and on the bus line. Stayed here when it was the Holiday Inn 4+ years ago and since into a nice property.	
Jul 12 2009 	Okay stay not nearly as nice as I had hoped	The Double Tree was a nice okay, nothing special. The best part was the location, 10-15 minute walk to the John Hancock Tower and Navy Pier. It was also close to bus and train transit stops. The hotel was attractive on the inside. There could be more seats in the lobby, where there is free WiFi. In the rooms you can pay $10/24hr for internet. Our room was on floor 10 of 26, nothing spectacular. It was kind of small, but pretty clean. We paid $109 on average for the 3 nights we were there which isn't bad for Chicago. Parking on site is $41/24hr, park across the street if you don't plan on moving your car during the trip, it is $31/24hr. We did not know that the Mini bar worked on sensor so every time we opened it to look at the stuff in there we were charged, fortunately the front desk understand and removed all charges from out bill. Besides a great location the concierges were extremely helpful in getting us on the right direction to get where we wanted to go. Not sure if I would recommend this hotel, probably the location but not the specific hotel. I think there is an Embassy Suites a block to the east and they at least have free breakfast.	
Jul 11 2009 	Great Hotel - Great Location - Great Staff	Just spent 3 nights at the Doubletree. The rooms were clean, the location was perfect for all that Chicago has to offer and most important - every single staff person we dealt with was friendly, helpful and gave me the impression they wanted our visit to be the best that it could be! My only negative comment would be that there was a lot of street noise in the room- but we got used to it. I'd stay here again.	
Jul 9 2009 	Perfect Location	Traveled to Chicago for the first time with my parents (in their 70's) and my 3 sisters (40-50 years old). We wanted to be near many attractions and in a fairly safe neighborhood. This hotel fit the bill perfectly. It is about 4 blocks from Michigan Avenue and fabulous shopping, and a short walk to the Chicago River. One of my sisters and I did walk back to the Hotel from Navy Pier, though it would be a bit long for older people. Beds were very comfortable, and the front desk staff responded promptly to all of our requests. The concierge even gave us a VIP ticket to Gino's East Pizzaria, and we walked past a a line of about 20 people and were seated within 3 minutes, we were also given a free basket of garlic bread. I highly recommend this hotel if you travel to Chi town.	
Jul 9 2009 	great location	The location is great. Check-in was quick and easy, they let us in our room before check-in time.The room was a standard hotel room--big enough, clean, nice bathroom. The bed was comfortable, we loved all the extra pillows.Restaurant on site, we did not eat there so can't comment on that.We would stay here again.	
Jul 8 2009 	avoid to stay if it rains!!	Staffs are very nice. Location is great too. Our room was roomy although it could use extra cleaning job, but I'm picky. The worst part was the wondows....On the sencond night, it rained hard and the rain leaked into our room. My husband's suitcase was soaked and we were worried how we pack next day. Staff came to put a lot of towels around the windows and floor. She said this happened before. I wonder why the hotel doesn't fix the darn windows!!! The hotel has INCREDIBLE gym, though....	
Jul 5 2009	OK but just only OK	We arrived Thursday to the Doubletree. It was exactly where I thought it was. GREAT location. Near the mag mile (about 4 blocks off) but not on the mile. Near good restaurants and shopping.Now for the hotel. It was OK, but just didn't have the extra something that makes one's stay memorable. This hotel was remodeled last year. To be honest, it looks like an old building that they tried to upgrade. The carpet down our hall was dirty. Near the elevators on the 6th floor there was a heating unit or something that had pulled away from the wall and you could see the area that was not wallpapered. The hinges on the doors were painted over instead of being removed during the painting process. Also for a hotel that was just remodeled last year I don't understand why they have old TVs in the rooms. Where are the flatscreens?Our rooms were large and clean. I liked the beds, but my sister thought they were too hard.Be aware, when checking in, this hotel will freeze up $50/day on your credit card for incidentals. That I don't like and I have never had that happen at a Marriott, Crowne Plaza or Grand Hyatt. If I hadn't asked, I would not have known and the only reason I asked is because I had that happen at a Hilton Garden Inn in another city.With so many nice hotels in the city, I think I will opt for the Courtyard Marriott or the Intercontinental next time I am in Chicago. Not because it's a bad hotel, but for a the same amount of money you can do better.	
Jun 25 2009 	Incredible Hotel Best One In Chicago	We stayed here for my wifes Doctoral graduation. We had several rooms for family and friends and all agreed the hotel was the best. The rooms were fantastic with great views toward Lake Michigan. The entire staff especially Carlos (Ft. Desk Mgr) &amp; Alfredo(concerige) were fantastic. The food, amenities,housekeeping, bellman and porters were all superb. We have stayed at several other hotels in Chicago during her school terms and none compare to this Doubletree for service, amenities, etc. This is the best one we have stayed in yet. In fact, we are going back in Sept. for a meeting and staying at this hotel.	
Jun 24 2009 	Stayed here when relocating to Chicago - great big rooms!	We were in a unique situation in that we were staying in a hotel until we were able to find a suitable apartment to live in. With no real expectations, we booked 4 nights on www.hotwire.com and found out the hotel booking was for Doubletree. First impressions were great, the lobby was spacious, and loved the choco chip cookie warmed up for my arrival. Our room was two doubles, which was fine as I believe it probably made for a bigger room than a king room did, the bed was very comfy and loved the decor. The rooms were very spacious and we had a view of the pool as we were on the 11th floor. Great view. Our daily housekeeper was so friendly and I enjoyed saying hi to her each morning. The TV channels were many - compared to the Palmerhouse Hilton in the Loop which has less than 1/2 as many channels as the Doubletree does. Einstein Bros downstairs does great bagels and we loved the breakfast across the street at the cafe there. All in all, great hotel choice for us. The one downside that is memorable for me was that we needed to pay for wifi. I think in this day and age it is something that should be provided at hotels free of charge.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great location...some problems with housekeeping.	We stayed here June 17-21. Check-in was great and easy with wonderful cookies!! We had no shampoo in our room upon check-in and the maid outside did not have any in her cart either and asked me to phone the front desk. We also did not have towels replaced when we asked. Our shower drain was broken and we had to rig it when we wanted to shower, not bathe. There was no vent in the bathroom and no hair dryer. Older T.V's too. Also, no safe in the room. The room and overall look of the hotel is great, very modern. Bathroom is very roomy. Concierge was very helpful, as were the porters. We got a great deal on the room, and in all honesty that's all we use it for on vacation, a bed to sleep in! Which was VERY comfy! Plus, the alarm was one I could actually figure out how to set. We were on the 8th floor and had no noise from the hall. If you don't expect street noise, go on vacation in the country-side. The pool was awesome, very clean and tended to.	
Jun 16 2009 	Great location but too much noise from hall and street	The Doubletree is located between many popular Chicago attractions. It's a quick walk to Michigan Avenue and Navy Pier. The Dominick's one block away is convenient for food and supplies. We especially liked the on-site Einstein's bagels. We had a standard room on the 8th floor, quite comfortable and clean, but the noise from the street and people passing in the halls is quite loud. Internet in the room is not free; you'll pay $9.95 for 24-hour access. Since the room rate is a bargain at this location, we accepted it.	
Jun 10 2009 	Clean 	This DoubleTree did not let us down, it was exactly to the standard that we expected. We did have a bit of a hard time with the room keys which was annoying but the staff was quick to fix any problems or issues we brought up. The beds are very comfy and the bathroom are large with nice showers. My only gripes were that they have a super-ultra-modern theme and big 'ol tube TVs in the rooms from 1990... it might be time to upgrade, oh and the wifi is $10/per day if you want it in your room, it's only free in the lobby, which was pretty blah if you ask me. Good location though, walking distance to lots of fun stuff, Michigan Ave, Navy Pier, restaurants etc.	
Jun 1 2009 	if you're looking for a downtown location hard to beat the value of this place!	stayed at the Doubletree dowtonw over Memorial Day Weeekend. the place has recently been rennovated and changed to a Doubletree. the rooms or well appointed, have kind of a youthful / funky feel. room size was good for downtown. The location was perfect. There is a nice restaurant attached, but didn't sample the food (the drinks, however, were good). I'd highly recommend this place if you plan to stay downtown and are looking for a reasonably priced hotel that doesn't sacrifice on quality.	
May 31 2009 	Fantastic Location	The location is perfect - a few blocks from the Magnificent Mile shopping in one direction and Navy Pier in the other direction.There were coins on the floor next to the bed that made me think no one had vacuumed, but other than that the room seemed relatively clean and attractive.The lobby bar is adjacent to the check-in desk which is convenient, but made checking in a bit of a challenge when the bar area was overflowing.Definitely eat breakfast across the street at West Egg! The food was fantastic (loved the blueberry and cashew pancakes), definitely cheaper than the hotel restaurant, and unbelievably quick without ever feeling rushed.Watch out for the pressure-sensitive mini-bar - don't even think about looking at what is in those jars!	
May 22 2009 	Clean well decorated 	The hotel had recently finished renovations &amp; become Doubletree when I stayed there with a friend during Lollapalooza 2008. The room was clean, as well as the sheets. You could spy Lake Michigan between buildings out the window from our room.It was an easy walk to Grant Park from the hotel (it's full of interesting outdoor art pieces like The Bean). This location provides easy access to downtown Chicago &amp; the El isn't far. The parking garage is attached to the hotel &amp; has an elevator, but parking costs extra (I think it was worth it). I would recommend it to anyone!	
May 19 2009 	Very nice place.	We had a great stay at this hotel. Staff was friendly and courteous. Would stay here again.	
May 12 2009 	very friendly..	Everything was excellent..really. I was slightly surprised how nice it was upon walking in. The lobby was huge and inclues a bar with plenty of seating! The front desk was very pleasant and welcoming. They also offered me a warm cookie..lol. After a quick check-in, I headed up to my room..Overall the room was a nice size and nicely furnished. Only complaint about the room was the dated television..probably like 4-6 yrs old. It was just weird to be in such a nice room with a dated t.v. After waking up I noticed a sheet had been slid under the door. It was informing me there was no need to come to the front desk to check out due to &quot;Express Checkout&quot;! Packed up and headed out!!! Good job DoubleTree!!!!!!!	
May 11 2009 	Warm cookie Warm Welcome and good stay.	Upon arrival was welcomed warmly by hotel and reception staff.Our request for a high floor was honoured.Room is spacious with nice big comfy beds.Good bathroom with Neutrogena toiletries.Good facilities in hotel.Downside was business centre was expensive to use. Internet $6 for 15 minutes.Location good, near the Magnificent Mile and facilities nearby such as a 7-11 shop and pubs and restaurants.A good stay, nice hotel.	
May 9 2009 	No disappointments found	This hotel is consistent with the quality that can be expected from this chain. My room was a nice size; however, the bathroom was a bit smaller than expected. The lobby was very inviting. The staff was more than nice and I caught a shuttle to the airport. They had luggage storage, a restaurant and a bagel/coffee shop attached to the property. The lobby bar was good. They gave away those chocolate chip cookies like candy (I traveled solo but got 3 cookies). Yes, I did ask for extras. I was able to place a cash deposit for incidentals and never used my credit card. Internet was an extra $9.95. Maybe it's free for members of their rewards program. I don't know. The building is new and modern. The beds were comfortable and the water was hot. Free wifi in the lobby worked well.	
May 1 2009 	Good hotel - great location..	My wife &amp; our 11yr old son stayed here over the Easter Break -we used the Lakeshore Leisure Club daily for the pool (excellent although no life guard on duty) but never ate in the Hotel. Facilities were good - location is excellent - literally 5 mins walk from Michigan Ave although there was no free internet anywhere within the hotel (we travelled from Ireland and did NOT bring the laptop!). We had a blast -room service was very good (even if the maid one day took our own bottle of wine out of the fridge &amp; repaced it with hotel wine!!) staff were friendly although the Concierge couldn't really explain the basic rules of baseball (however to be fair he had maps &amp; directions etc on how to get there witrh ease)!! I'ld recommend this hotel to anyone -the breakfast bar in the hotel got us over the morning caffiene slump but there are some really excellent restaurants for breakfast within yards of the hotel..hotel could be noisy enough from 5am onwards but we had a room towards the front of the hotel &amp; previous contributors had forewarned of this...room sizes were good - we never felt cramped - hotel bar didn't serve draught beer and lacked athmosphere but plenty of superior bars outside...	
Apr 17 2009 	Good Value and Great Service in the City	Visited with our grade school kids during Spring Break this week for site seeing &amp; to see a Cubs game: We were welcomed by a friendly professional staff. It's not a kids hotel, but they do a great job of welcoming them. The concierge is tops - an advisor to the local board of concierge &amp; featured in this month's guide - he is informed, connected and was a tremendous help. I'm not suprised to read the building formerly housed a Holiday Inn. No worries though, its totally updated, clean &amp; fresh. The rooms are clean. I'd have considered them worth 5 dots, but in checking for bedbugs (of which I saw no traces) I saw some crumbs &amp; dust bunnies along the floorboards behind the beds. The beds are super soft, ensconsed in clean, crips cotton sheets. A bit too soft for my back but most people would probably love them. It was one of those rare times when I felt the beds were actually clean &amp; safe enough for my kids to climb onto without worries. We stayed on a mid-level room, I'd go higher to avoid a view of the parking garage next door. In room temp control was nice too. Michigan Ave is 3 blocks to the South &amp; the train was about 6 blocks away.	
Apr 16 2009 	Excellence in Chicago	I stayed at the Doubletree-Magnificent Mile for a work conference. The facility is excellent. The hotel rooms were top notch. My colleagues raved about the bedding and room amenities (although flat screens would have been nice). The conference food was the best we've ever had. Each meal was high quality and got excellent reviews. We received access to the adjoining health club, which has a pool, and this was a nice perk. I highly recommend this hotel for your next business conference in Chicago.And don't forget the amazing chocolate chip cookies!	
Apr 14 2009 	Hard To Believe It Was A Holiday Inn	Stayed here for a big conference at McCormick Place and wanted a Hilton property near Mag Mile. Thy've done an extensive renovation and you would never believe that it once was a Holiday Inn.Lobby decor is simple but nice - the lobby bar always had a crowd and I heard from a colleague that the wifi (free in the lobby) was excellent.Staff was very nice and friendly. Love those Doubletree cookies.Room was average size. Good workspace and nice padded seating ledge along the window. Expected a flat screen after such an extensive renovation. Bed was comfortable. Housekeeping was fine. Excellent toiletries - not something I usually notice or comment on. Excellent hot water with a nice rainforest shower head. Good drawer space (something that seems to be disappearing these days and valued as I was there for 5 nights). Comfy arm chair and ottoman. Standard Hilton clock radio with MP3 cable.Elevators were a bit slow as previously reported, but not intolerable.Based on prior reviews, I did not eat in the hotel. Einstein's Bagels in the lobby is convenient and there are a few Starbucks within walking distance. West Egg Cafe across the street is a Chicago favorite for breakfast and did not disappoint - just get there early on weekends or be prepared to wait. Lot's of other dining options within a couple of blocks. Short walk to Michigan Ave and very close to Navy Pier. There were a lot of families there who seemed to be happy as well.	
Apr 5 2009 	Good	Good location. Front desk staff was welcoming and polite. We had package for the free breakfast buffet. It was a standard buffet, with omelet station. The service was exceptionally good.Room was two queen beds. Mattress a bit firm for my taste. Linens high quality. $10 a day for internet access in room (I hate that!). Self-park is $41 a day in the hotel ramp--go down the street to a public ramp where it is $30.The room was fine, a bit on the small side. There was some mold in the bathroom on the ceiling--the housekeeping staff needs to be a bit more careful.There was a fair amount of street noise (we were on the 17th floor.)It's a good location--about 2 blocks off Michigan Ave.	
Apr 2 2009 	Awesome Stay	There were 13 of us: three women and 10 girls. Upon check in we were greeted by a friendly staff. There were staff outside ( I remember Ben) that was ready to help us out in getting taxis and giving information to wherever we needed to go. The hotel was close to everything including a 15 min walk to Navy Pier. The warm chocolate chip cookies were delicious. They didn't have the rooms (double queens) that we wanted initially, but once available they accomodated us with adjoining rooms and the double queen beds. The beds were extremely comfortable, we didn't want to leave! The kids loved the indoor swimmimg pool. There was a charge but they waived that for us. Any request we had was accomodated right away. So all in all we had a great time staying at the Doubletree and would stay again anytime!	
Mar 30 2009 	wish i would have known you had to pay to use the pool	The hotel was very nice the people very friendly. When I planned my trip I was wanting a pool to relax in after walking all day, but at check in we find that there is a $15 charge per person to use the pool and fitness center, so much for relaxing in a pool! Nowhere did it stipulate that there were extra charges for this. If I would have known I would have stayed elsewhere. They did mention a $41 charge for parking but actually the garage isn't theirs so you can park in another garage around the corner cheaper. Also you here car horns and sirens thru out the day and night, makes sleeping fun! (Not!)	
Mar 26 2009 	Friendly Staff Comfortable Beds	The DoubleTree Mag Mile has a beautiful new lobby. I was greeted by a very friendly man at the front desk, where I received my yummy warm cookie. The room was a good size (2 queen beds). The beds were very comfortable. There was no refrigerator in the room, which would have been nice. Access to the Lakeshore Athletic Club, which was FREE, was very nice. It is a bit of a hike to the Red Line at Grand, but very close to the Magnificent Mile. Overall, it was a great stay.	
Mar 24 2009 	Nice hotel for the price	Booked this hotel via Priceline for $60/night March 20-22nd weekend. Parked at the parking garage right next door to hotel garage for $11 cheaper ($30/night). Check-in was smooth and received 2 warm cookies. Room was better than I was expecting. Nice view of Sheraton hotel. In room Wolfgang Puck coffee was very good. Room was spacious enough with 2 double beds and nice size bathroom. Neutrogena products. Good shower pressure. Hotel is about 2 block walking distance to Michigan Ave, movie theaters, grocery store, all kinds of shopping. etc etc. Elevators were working well. Free wireless internet in lobby only.	
Mar 23 2009 	Very Nice Chicago Hotel	We stayed at the Doubletree Chicago over a long weekend visiting family. It is centrally located and if you fly into Midway airport, take the Orange Line to Lake &amp; State and then walk about 15 minutes. The room was spacious and clean with all the amenities-shampoo, conditioner, etc. The beds were the best!!! Very comfy! New linens, comforters and towels. There is an Einstein Bagels in the lobby that is quite convenient for a quick breakfast. We did not try the hotel restaurant, but right across the street is a great cafe called Egg West. They have wonderful food! We also had a few drinks at Timothy O'Tools, a pub also located across the street.The hotel staff were friendly and knowledgeable about the Chicago area. If you need directions or reservations the concierge is the friendliest!The only glitch that I noticed is the lack of insulation in the doors. We could hear every door slam or person walking down the hallway outside the room. The walls in the room were fine and we heard little noise from our neighbors but maybe the doors could be better insulated? Not a big thing but just a minor annoyance.Overall, this is a great hotel and worth the $100 a night we paid. I would definately stay here again. The location is ideal!	
Mar 20 2009 	secret fees are fine if you're rich	my boyfriend and i stayed here for 2 nights, we got a really good deal on hotwire, otherwise we wouldve been somewhere a lot cheaper and less swanky. the bell guy made me mad because i asked if i could use wheeling luggage rack to bring our stuff up while boyfriend parked the car, he said yes, but then stopped me after i loaded it up &amp; said he had to get a bellboy for me..im not paying someone to carry my bags (im not spolied or well-off), so i brought everything up myself, pack-mule style.he was quite rude to top it off. so the room was really nice,large, and modern with a decent view,big comfy bed etc, i was mad to find out that the wi-fi internet that was advertised actually costs $10 for 24 hours, which i guess i shouldve expected coming to a richy hotel..the parking was ridiculously expensive of course.Turns out the indoor pool/hot tub they advertise as having are located at an adjacent health club that you have to pay $15 per entry to use. seriously, wtf? so all in all, the place is nice, but since i am not rolling in the dough, i cant stand places that charge a bunch of random fees like that.	
Mar 18 2009 	Great Hotel	My family of four (two teenage girls) stayed here during several days of college campus tours in the area. We have only been to Chicago one other time so I can't compare this to other hotels but I will say we were very pleased for the price we paid. The hotel is in a great location. The staff were friendly and check in was a breeze. Our room was very clean and comfortable and big enough to accomodate all of us. Parking was very expensive but from what I have heard, it is what is to be expected ($41 for one night). It was very close to all the great shops and lots of restaurants, all within walking distance. I honestly have nothing bad to say about this hotel and I would highly recommend it.	
Mar 17 2009 	Served its purpose central location not convenient for families	We stayed at the Doubletree Hotel Chicago Magnificent Mile in March, Room 2121. We paid for lakeview and did have a partial view of the lake. This is a nice hotel about 2 blocks east of the Magnificent Mile and about 2 blocks north of the Chicago River/Wacker Drive area. Convenient to shopping and walking to other attractions. There is a Dominick's across the street, and Dunkin Donuts, Panera Bread, and other places to eat right nearby. First, the positives. We really liked how friendly everyone was towards us. The check in was effiecient, except I had to remind them about our breakfast vouchers. But it was immediately corrected. We had warm cookies waiting for us. The concierge was helpful and friendly. The bellhop was professional and friendly. The restaurant staff was friendly, as was housekeeping. The food at the restaurant was great. We had a breakfast buffet, with eggs, bacon, sausage, hash browns, eggs made to order, cereals, pastries, bread/toaster, fruit, yogurt, regular and chocolate milk. We got this breakfast free each morning as it was part of the Memory Maker Weekend through the Doubletree website. The hotel was clean and presentable. The bedding was clean and crisp. Beds were comfortable. The bath towels were cozy. The furniture and accessories were high quality.Now for the negatives for me. Please keep in mind that others may not mind this. We traveled as a family of four. The first thing I noticed was there was no counter space in the bathroom. The sink was a pedastal sink. It seemed like we had a handicap accessible room so maybe that is why. There just wasn't any where to put our &quot;stuff&quot;. The room seemed small, although for Chicago standards, it was probably fine. Not a lot of room to move about. There was a $15 per person per day charge for the first day for use of the health club where the pool was, and a $5 per person per day charge for every day thereafter. There was a $9.95 per day charge for internet. Self parking is $41 per day. It just seemed like they nickled and dimed. There was a mini bar and a minibar fridge, but don't touch anything! It has sensors on it. If you pick something up and it is off the sensor for more than 30 seconds, your room gets automatically charged for the item, even if you don't open it. They will take the charge off, but that isn't the point to me.There were no channels for children on the TV. When we were winding down at night around 10 p.m., I turned on the TV. The cartoon channel had adult cartoons on it. No big deal there, but when I was flipping through, an explicit adult channel came on. Ooops. So I found the parental controls on the TV. There were no other kids channels on. So we watched Travel Channel, which was okay by me!! Our room was against the elevator shaft, so we heard the noise from that all night. In addition, there were at least 2 rooms that had partiers in them. However, the management came up when someone must have complained and they toned it right down. The staff and management is really on top of most everything in this hotel. I think for a business traveler or a couple on a get away weekend, this hotel would be very nice. I just don't think they cater to families.	
Mar 13 2009 	Beautiful place. Nice room with a great view!	I was staying with my daughter and granddaughter for one night at the Red Roof Inn. The RRI was horrible! I got up the next morning, after a fitful night of feeling like bedbugs were attacking, and walked down the street a couple of block and found the Doubletree. The staff was wonderful and very courteous. I was offered a room right away and we moved in for 2 nights there. It was great. When I come back again with my husband we will probably stay there. We had a beautiful view with a partial view of the lake. Gorgeous big room and very clean compared with the filth of our previous room at RRI!	
Feb 27 2009 	Great stay - typical downtown hotel	My two co-workers and I checked in on a Wednesday night and were greeted warmly-- this is a classic DoubleTree hotel, true to form. Rooms were satisfactory-- very clean, modern, and &quot;classy&quot;. They are of typical downtown Chicago size, so nothing really jumped out at me. I will say it's an excellent hotel for its value and a perfect place to stay, but there are many hotels in the area that also fit this criteria. Breakfast at Einstein's Bagels in the lobby was great, and while we didn't stop at the bar in the lobby, it looked like a great place to hang out. With a block or two off of Michigan Ave, the location cannot be beat. Don't hesitate to stay here if you are in town!	
Feb 26 2009 	Excellent Customer Service!	We stayed here Feb. 19 - 22, 2009 and I can not say enough good words about this place! When we arrived it was late and check-in was a breeze. Parking is great because the lot is attached to the hotel. So if you need to get your car out, you can do it yourself. Our room had a great view of the John Hancock Building. Hotel customer service was extremely professional and helpful. We asked for a couple of extra towels and they brought an armload right away. We had stepped out for breakfast one morning and when we came back to our room housekeeping was already there cleaning. She even asked us to put our room key in to verify it was actually our room. On the Sat. night of our stay my sister became violently ill (she got food poisoning from a diff restaurant) and I had to call the front desk at midnight. They told me where the nearest ER was and then when we came down to the lobby they already had a cab waiting for us. They were extrememly attentive and helpful. When we came back they wanted to know how she was doing and if there was anything they could do for her. They went above and beyond any hotel staff that I've ever seen!	
Feb 12 2009 	Great service but not as exciting as expected	My sister and I stayed at the Doubletree for a three day stay in Chicago. I had read all of the reviews on this site and ended up opting for the Doubletree instead of a four start hotel because it sounded so great. All of the staff at the hotel and the beds were excellent. The actual hotel was okay but really nothing special. The pool (though not owned by the hotel) and hot-tub area is in need of some upgrading. The location is convenient (about 2 blocks to Michigan Ave) and there are a few restaurants nearby. Overall, the hotel was average and next time I will opt for something different.	
Jan 29 2009 	Great Location - Great Hotel- Stylish Comfortable	Great Location - Great Staff - Stylish, Comfortable, Clean, This hotel is the best Doubletree i have staryed at, It is better than some of the Hilton Main Brand full service hotels. The staff etc where great, room very very nice, clean and crisp bedding in quality linen. and one a short walk from everything.Well done Doubletree Chicago.	
Jan 23 2009	Great stay for New Year's at the Doubletree	Stayed here with my girlfriend for three nights over New Year's...got a great rate under $100/night...this hotel did a very nice job with the renovations! Check-in was super pleasant, the room was clean and comfortable, the bed was unbelievable, and it was quite convenient having an Einstein's in the lobby. Did not use the access to the next door fitness center but it must have been great as I saw many other guests taking advantage of it.Location could not have been better...all the shops of Michigan Ave are a short walk and there is a Dominick's (grocery store) only a block away. Only con was wireless was $10/day...Would absolutely stay here again!	
Jan 22 2009 	Amazing Stay!	The DoubleTree Hotel Chicago at Magnificent Mile is not only a great hotel with an excellent staff but it 's location to everything is the best part. Places like the John Hancock Building, Mike's Ditka's bar, The Chicago Chop House (best steakhouse in Chicago), Lucky Strike Bowling, Shopping Malls, Millenium Park, Navy Pier and so on are about a 15 minute walk. Everything else is a 10-15 minute cab ride.	
Jan 13 2009 	Very enjoyable visit...	Husband and I stayed at this lovely hotel for 2 nights ending on Christmas Eve. We actually stayed in Chicago for 4 nights and split our time between this hotel and the Homewood Suites just a few blocks away (needed those last few &quot;qualified stayes&quot; to retain Hilton status), so I can compare both for you. This hotel was just recently re-done and in our opinion they did a fine job. Very nice modern feel and decor to the hotel. The rooms are beautifully done - standard size hotel room - awesome bedding. Very, very comfortable. Staff at this hotel was fabulous. Always smiling, there for anything you needed from the bell hops, to the front desk to the concierge, to the valet. Staff here was much more helpful and friendly than the Homewood Suites. Our opinion was this location was better as well. I suppose in the summer months it would not matter however in the bitter 35 below when we were there, we thought we were within walking distance of more shops, restaurants, etc. We would most certainly stay here again - as a couple. Geared more towards the couple weekend, business traveler than family travel.	
Nov 23 2008 	Nicely done	Stayed at DoubleTree for company meeting and was very pleased with choice.Meeting room was sufficient, food and food service was excellent, room was clean, spacious and modern. Guest services were friendly and professional.Hotel is walking distance to shopping on Michigan Avenue and countless first-quality restaurants and tourist related attractions.At $200 a night, don't know if I'd stay there when travelling with family but would welcome the opportunity to stay there again when it's on the company dime.	
Nov 3 2008 	Very nice!	I stayed at the DoubleTree for 5 nights and I think it is a pretty good hotel. The staff is friendly and want to help, but have their mistakes from time to time. The rooms are spacious and clean but have some details that betray the fact is a renovated hotel (old TV, noisy AC, no safe in the rooms) but everything else (carpets, bathrooms, desk, beds) is new and very clean. The bed is super comfortable. The hotels location is very good for shopping and eating, if you are more into museums it is better to find something in the Loop.Other reviews said the elevators were very slow, I didnt have any problems there. What I didnt like is that they charge the use of computers in the business center.	
Oct 29 2008 	Great location and service	Front desk staff were friendly and helpful, and housekeeping did an excellent job every day. There are signs that it's an older property; in our room there was water damage to the bathroom ceiling and some grime in hard-to-reach corners, though in general the hotel was impeccably clean and our room perfectly comfortable. Great location at the intersection of E. Ohio St. and Fairbanks Ct, lots of shops and resturants nearby, Magnificent Mile just two blocks west, and hotel is within easy walking distance of bus and subway (helpful as parking at the hotel is $38/day). Perhaps a bit pricey (we paid $236.55/night for a Thursday-to-Monday stay), but worth it to us -- your milage, of course, may vary. Overall, great service in a great location.	
Oct 18 2008	Vey handy for shopping.	We stayed here for one night on a tour. The hotel is very smart and is situated close to the shopping area and Navy Pier.Our room on the 7th floor was big and comfortable. The only small minus point was the very powerful air conditioning unit  it was so powerful that it tended to wake us up overnight each time the fan started.The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful.There is an Einstein Bros. Bagel Shop off the hotel lobby which we found to be very adequate for a light breakfast.	
Sep 25 2008 	Great Location - Great Staff - Stylish Comfortable Clean	The location couldn't be better; the staff couldn't be nicer or more helpful, (esp. Fre, Cookie, Ben and Vlad), and the facility itself is very modern and stylish. Rooms are comfortable, though not terribly large, and are beautifully decorated. Housekeepers were friendly, and did a great job keeping our rooms clean (I mean - really clean), and working around our come-and-go tourist schedule. The cookies, a Doubletree staple, are not to be missed (you can even purchase some for the road). Our only disappointment was with the young male concierge - who could have been a little more friendly and helpful without acting as though we were an interruption to his day. Other staff stepped in, though, to make great recommendations for top dining options; give directions; and just generally accommodate our every need.  We would definitely stay here again, and recommend it as a perfect choice for tourists and business travelers.  Nearby places we enjoyed were D4 (Irish pub/restaurant); Volare' Italian Restaurant; the Grand Lux Cafe'; and of course Mag. Mile shopping and Navy Pier's Ferris Wheel (which, though, at $6 per adult, only takes you 'round once).  Other Chicago favorites: Wrigley Field; Second City; Rebar at Trump's International Hotel and Towers (great river/skyline view!), the John Hancock tower 96th floor lounge; Architectural Tour on the Chicago River. Great job Doubletree!	
Sep 16 2008 	Good Location Nice Hotel	My stay at this hotel was my first vacation with my girlfriend and for this reason I was particularly keen that it be comfortable :-) Other than a rather annoying wait and initial difficultly at checkin (I had to be a little more firm than I would have liked in making sure we received our room in a timely fashion), we were both very pleased with the hotel. It's three blocks from Michigan Avenue and close to pretty much anything you could possibly need, consequently I would recommend this hotel unreservedly. Based on my own experience and what I've read on this and other online message boards it seems that you're best off price-wise either booking through a package (we used Travelocity) or even Priceline (I've never used it myself though.)	
Sep 9 2008 	great place	very nice, updated hotel. Very comfy, but only negative was that the parking was $38 per night. I believe you may be able to park next door for $28, but probably not worth the hassle.	
Sep 4 2008 	Great Hotel	You really can't beat the location. You are just a few blocks from one of the best shopping miles in the world. There is a restaurant in the lower part of the hotel and i would HIGHLY advise you to AVOID it at all costs. The food was terrible, bread stale and drinks flat. The lobby is very modern when you walk in and the service from the bell hop is great. The front desk staff is a bit slow on the check in but I am not sure if it is their fault or if they just need to have more people working behind the desk. The concierge is helpful and made some good recs.The room itself was a medium size room that you could easily see was recently renovated. Bathroom was very nice with a large mirror and sink/ vanity. Shower was clean and spacious. One thing that I would say the hotel should consider is putting a fridge in the rooms. Overall, great stay, good location, clean rooms, helpful staff.	
Aug 25 2008 	Great Location	Hotel was great! It was a very busy weekend for Chicago, but the hotel was clean and friendly. Elevators were slow, so we took the steps! (It helped we were on a low floor). We were able to walk everywhere we wanted to go. Would definately stay in this hotel again! We only had one bad experience while there...trying to get a Chicago Style pizza. We went to Giordano's to experience the worst service imaginable. The host was completely rude and insulting. We will never step foot in that restaurant again! My suggestion is to try Uno's or Dewey's. Field museum was a great way to spend the morning, the ballpark a great afternoon and American girl for the evening!	
Aug 25 2008 	Doubletree suits our needs in Chicago	Got a great rate ($159) through travelzoo for our King w/ sofabed room. The room was great for two adults w/ two small children. Even when the couch was opened to a bed, there will still plenty of room to walk around. Great windows overlooking the Hancock bldg (for a spectacular lightning storm the 1st night there). Beds are a little soft, the bedding was wonderful. We slept well in the room and never had any noise. 18th floor was a nice spot and the hotel even accomodated our request at check-in for our other family members' rooms (two add'l rooms) to be assigned to the same floor. Warm cookies at check-in always nice.The pool is outside and the water was cool. It was refreshing after a warm day, but we didn't stay in long. Customer Care staff were really helpful anytime we needed anything you just pick up the phone.Location great. Easy walk to Navy Pier, great hot dog stand outside the hotel (Hot Diggity Dogs), Michigan Ave a close walk. Although I would have preferred a suite style hotel, and/or breakfast included with the room ... this hotel met our needs and the location made it easy to walk and get a quick bite to eat before starting out our day.Would stay again.	
Aug 20 2008 	Great Hotel would stay again.	Close to everything. 5th Floor roof pool was cool. Kids loved it. We had an adult beverage while they swam. Staff nice, no problems. Had breakfast in restaurant. Kids had the all you can eat buffet for $6.95 (off menu was $6 for pancakes alone), I had an omelet skillet w/toast, hashbrowns. $10.95. Buffet would have been $15.95 for adults. Quick service, good food. Would stay again.	
Aug 16 2008 	Really Slow Elevator	The Doubletree has a great location on Chicago's Magnificent Mile. Our room was fine. Clean, comfortable, fairly appointed. We were there Thursday and Friday evenings. This is a large hotel with many floors. We were on the 20th. The average wait in the morning to get down to the lobby was over ten minutes. I timed it. Maybe only one elevator was working, but several times a packed elevator would come by and one just couldn't get on. It was very annoying. There was over an hour wait for room service. Our room was not ready when we arrived for check in...after the usual check in time. There was a 30 minute wait for a bagel and a cup of coffee from the Einstein Bagels located in the lobby. Once you got down to the lobby. Parking in the hotel is over $35/day but this is normal for this area of Chicago. We were overcharged for our internet usage. The operator quickly fixed this, but I was annoyed.The outdoor pool is fine for children. Nothing special. The afternoon we were there, the pool was shaded by the surrounding tall buildings. The indoor pool as spotty hours when children are welcome, so we weren't able to use it.I would avoid this hotel in the future.	
Aug 7 2008 	Great Location Safe area and good service!	Stayed at the Doubletree from 08/01-08/03, very clean hotel, close to mag mile, and in a safe part of town (next to Northern Western University). Tons of people staying there because of Lollapalooza, Cubs in town that weekend, and some various conventions.Enjoyed the stayed, cleaning staff timely, and front desk very helpful. ...Ask for extra cookie too, there are soo yummy!	
Aug 6 2008 	Noise Problem	We stayed at this hotel Aug 3 and 4. I agree with the other comments on this board, the location is great, the staff was friendly, and the room was nice. However, during the second night there was a party in the room next to us. At midnight, I called the desk, and they said they would send security up. I'm not sure if security ever came, but there was no quiet until much later that night. When we checked out, I asked at the desk, but the morning staff had no information about the issue.	
Aug 6 2008 	Quite a pleasant surprise. Lived up to reviews	I was in town for one night with my 6 year old and 10 year old. Upon arrival check in was smooth and staff friendly. We were early for check in and were able to check in anyway.The hotel was extremely crowed but the staff handled it like pro's.The rooms were clean and remodled and the the decor was trendy and cool.Although we didn't swim the hotel has an outdoor pool on the roof which was fun to see.When we checked in and out the front desk and all employees we met were friendly.This hotel is in a great spot, only about a 15 minute walk to Navy Pier and about a 5 minute walk to shops on Michicgan Avenue. Compared to the other hotels near Michigan Avenue this hotel was quite the deal.	
Jul 28 2008 	A delightful hotel in a great location!	We stayed at the Doubletree for 4 nights, July 20 through the 24th with our 5 and 3 year old children. We paid roughly $89 a night through Priceline and feel we got a great value. We had stayed one night prior at the Intercontinental. I would choose the Doubletree over the Intercontinental any day of the week! The hotel rooms have been nicely updated and feel fresh, clean and new. The bedding is fantastic and very comfortable. The rooms (we had 2 queen beds) were plenty spacious and our room on the 15th floor had a neat window seat with a pillow that our kids enjoyed sitting at and checking out the street action below. Overall the staff was very courteous and helpful, particularly the bellmen. I did not find the concierges helpful at all - they merely wanted to hand out a pamphlet with selected restaurants on it and seemed annoyed to answer my questions. You cannot beat the location of the Doubletree - 2 blocks to Mag Mile and public transport. We didn't bother to rent a car and spend the $40 or so a night for parking. We just walked 2 blocks and hopped on a bus or in a taxi to see whatever tourist attraction we were taking in that day. Shopping and restaurants are plentiful in the general area and the location is very safe.They have a great Einstein's bagels on the main floor which was a good, inexpensive breakfast option for us as well. I will definitely stay at this hotel again the next time I visit Chicago.	
Jul 22 2008 	Big Improvement	I last reviewed this hotel a few years back when it was under different ownership - it wasn't great. I'd heard it had been refurbished so travelling from Scotland with my wife and two friends we stayed in the Doubletree Mag Mile for three nights in July 2008. The rooms had been refurbished - including the bathrooms. A big improvement - new carpet, furniture and wallcoverings + new sanitaryware.Unfortunately, the reception area was still being decorated during our stay so I didn't see the end result. Friendly reception and porter staff and a new bagel shop for breakfast - hot sandwiches very good! The sports bar was just as bad as I remember - absolutely no atmosphere - but there are plenty of good watering holes close to the hotel.A clear improvement over our previous visit and this hotel is so well positioned for Magnificent Mile and Navy Pier. If you are looking for a clean, reasonably priced tourist hotel in a good location for a short stay in Chicago this place fits the bill.	
Jul 8 2008 	Classy and great location!	I had a great experience at this hotel! There were beautiful granite countertops in the bathroom and beatiful furniture in the bedroom. The bed linens were extra comfy. The front desk was also really nice and understanding. I had a great time!	
Jul 2 2008 	Great Location - Great Experience!!!!	My husband and I stayed at the Doubletree June 28-30, 2008. We paid a very low price ($75) and were VERY pleased. The hotel staff was very nice. In the past, we have stayed at the Hyatt Regency via Priceline, and felt we were treated poorly. Not the case here. We received our cookies upon arrival. I had called in earlier - worried because we were arrving via Amtrak and not until close to 9PM. Not to worry! They noted our reservation and also, asked if we would like a King or did we have a preference. I would definately stay here again. We've stayed at the Hyatt Regency, Sheraton, Palmer House Hilton, Whitehall and the Courtyard Magnificient Mile - and this was a very nice stay. The room had nice shampoo, conditioner, facial wash, etc. Very nice maid service. I did leave a note asking for fresh towels (I did include a tip because they do work hard) - and our room was stunning. Would definately recommend.	
Jun 30 2008 	Nice Hotel Close to Almost Everything	Stayed at the Doubletree from 6/21 to 6/25 for a conference. The hotel appears to have completed its remodeling and I received a warm cookie at check-in, which was very nice after a long trip. My room and bathroom were a nice size. The bed was comfortable and the linens/towels were great. The hotel staff were very friendly, and the concierge was quite helpful. Two drawbacks: no refrigerator in the room unless you want to pay a $25 rental fee during your stay; and get a room facing the pool if you are a light sleeper. The sirens and street noise definitely carry up to at least the 14th floor. I would definitely consider staying at this hotel again in the future. Its close proximity to major attractions allowed me to explore the city by foot the majority of the time.	
Jun 25 2008 	Excellent Room - Excellent Location	I understand that we are among the first guests to stay at the new Double Tree Mag Mile (after it was converted from the Chicago City Centre). I'd read the mediocre reviews of the CCC and decided to book anyway, for the proximity to my conference at the Navy Pier. I had no idea of the pending conversion but sometimes things just work out FINE!Everything is new...carpeting, furniture, beds, bathroom fixtures, etc. The beds and bedding are fantastic. Extremely comfortable. The hotel looks nice: clean and sharp. It's probably a 3.5 star on &quot;the scale&quot;. The staff are working very hard to get the operational systems and processes ironed out. Nothing major and every question is responded to politely, even if it takes a bit longer to get the right information.We just enjoyed dinner at a great pub literally across the street, Timothy O'Tooles. It doesn't look like more than a ratty bar from the street but the restaurant dowstairs is spacious, well ventilated and the menu is terrific. Next door is a B/L restaurant called the West Egg Cafe...menu looks good but a bit pricey.The free access to the adjoining health club is an awesome amenity. Excellent facility including sauna AND steam room. The indoor pool is nice for lap swimming and cold weather. The hotel also has a nice 5th floor outdoor pool with room for sunning, etc.I love this place for the location and the nearby restaurants (and even a grocery store). It's easy to walk anywhere including my conference at the Navy Pier. And of course, you get the warm Doubletree cookies upon check in...	
Jun 23 2008 	AWESOME STAY!!! Top Notch Hotel	I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a fun place to stay while visiting Chicago. We just returned from a two night stay at this Doubletree and could not be happier with our experience. I have so many positive things to say, I do not know where to begin. First of all, the location is amazing!!! It is a very short walk to the hot stores on Michigan Avenue. We were also able to easily walk to the John Hancock building and looked out from the 95th floor Signature Lounge. You can go up for free, have a drink, and enjoy breathtaking views of the city. The Doubletree is also within walking distance to Navy Pier. We walked down there on our first nights stay and had a wonderful time. It is also within walking distance of many great restaurants, I would highly recommend checking out Timothy OTooles across the street. It serves late night food, and it is a very cool and smoke-free place to go for drinks or to watch a game. Overall, the hotel is just outside the heart of downtown Chicago and is within walking distance of many downtown attractions and landmarks. As for the hotel, it is absolutely beautiful. It has undergone a complete transformation and the finished renovation is outstanding. I dont see how this can only be a three star hotel. I would not be surprised to see it become a four star, it definitely ranks up there. I booked this hotel through priceline.com for a great bargain. I have stayed at many other four star hotels in Chicago, and honestly the Doubletree is one of the better hotels I have stayed in. The hotel is very trendy and modern looking. Awesome pool area. Our room had a pretty nice view of the city and overlooked the pool. We could see the top of the John Hancock building from our window. The rooms are beautiful with down bedding and five pillows that could not have been more comfortable. The rooms have Wolfgang Puck coffee makers that we enjoyed and clock radios that hook up to mp3 players. The bathroom was gorgeous: granite countertops, very nice shower, curved shower rod, and very spacious. Housekeeping did a very nice and thorough job of cleaning and making our beds. They even left a light on for us when we got back into our room. Besides the hotels awesome appearance and cleanliness, the staff was exceptional. I called ahead of time about checking in late and it was no problem. In addition, I also asked to be switched from a room with a king bed to a room with two beds, and it was no problem at all. Luggage Services was also very helpful and held our luggage after we checked out free of charge. We took a train into Chicago and were able to leave our luggage after checkout and explore the town even longer with no extra charge. Very nice!Overall, this hotel is an excellent value. I had no hidden charges or surprises when checking out. It definitely exceeded my expectations, and I thoroughly enjoyed my two night stay at the Doubletree Chicago. I will definitely be going back. The only downside I can think of is that it is near a hospital, and you can hear occasional sirens throughout the night, but that did not bother me at all or keep me awake. It truly is a top notch hotel. By the way, the cookies given out upon checking in are delicious!	
Jun 12 2008 	Great location	Staff was very courteous, professional and helpful. Clean rooms and pool area. Great location close to the lake, shopping and only a few blocks to the EL.	
Jun 7 2008 	Very clean good location excellent service top health club ameneties	This hotel is putting the finishing touches on being remodeled, there's fresh paint and a place or two where they're doing some work. I didn't have any problem with noise at all, and it really is just a few places where you even notice they're finishing things up. The decor is updated and everything is new. That does mean, though, that they're not quite a Doubletree yet, so it's true, they don't have cookies yet, and I couldn't get our stay registered for points. These and the lack of free wi-fi are the only downsides of staying here.Its a quick walk to Michigan Ave, and very close to a grocery store and a couple of really nice places to have breakfast and coffee, beyond the bagel shop attached to the hotel. Great location. This time we didn't bring our car, instead we flew and rented a zip car, and the zip car is located near the hotel, too. More points for location!The rooms are nicely laid out, with plenty of seating, good for relaxing in the room. The decor is all updated and contemporary, and the bathroom is well-lit with attractive granite countertops. Great shower and lots of fluffy towels. I have to mention how great the service is. The blankets are down blankets, and when I told housekeeping that I preferred something other than down, they were fast and friendly about remaking the bed with fresh bedding. The housekeeper even came by to check in later and ask if the remade bedding looked alright.There's a great health club, with exercise machines and a terrific pool attached to his hotel, and a decent service center where you can use the internet if you'd rather not pay the $10 for internet access in your room. But you can also get free wi-fi all over the city, including at the contemporary museum of art, which is a 10 minute walk away. I booked the stay online at a decent discount, and if you can get your stay for a reasonable price, the location, cleanliness, updated contemporary style, nice health club amenities, really excellent service make this a good all-round hotel for visiting Chicago.	
May 28 2008 	Well appointed good location disappointing noise and service	The hotel is well located just two blocks east from Michigan Ave/Magnificent Mile, and a short distance from Navy Pier. The property has recently undergone $25 million in renovations to convert from a Holiday Inn Select to a Doubletree effective June 3, 2008, and operates under the name Chicago City Centre Hotel &amp; Sports Club until then, while advertising their upcoming name change.The building is basic 1980s dark brick and glass design, with a very open but bland lobby. The redecorated lobby is done in cool colors with a bright and modern tone, however the vast space and energy efficient lighting limits any real character as does its 1980s concrete architecture.The guest rooms and hallways all have new carpet, wallpaper, lighting and paint, with a urban, modern feel. The rooms are fitted with the nice Doubletree/Hilton trademark beds but surprisingly lacks a modern HDTVs, in-room safe, or min-bar (however a cabinet exists for one). The bathrooms are adequate, however the tub is quite shallow and there is no guest operated vent fan. There is a separate switch operated baseboard heater in the bathroom, that is either on or off but not adjustable. The HVAC equipment in the room has a modern adjustable thermostat but equipment looks a bit dated, however it was efficient in cooling our room. For having just undergone a renovation, both the vanity in the bathroom and the dresser in the guest room had a number of scratches evident.Housekeeping was efficient and quick, but was inconsistent in restocking the toiletries. I notice the housekeeping carts lacked racks of clean glassware, so it made me wonder exactly how the glassware in the room was cleaned. The vending machines on our floor were completely sold out as were the ones a floor below. We reported this to a housekeeping manager on Friday, but the machines were still unstocked on Monday afternoon when we departed.The real disappointment was the amount of street noise that could be heard in the room and the service from the front desk. We were on the top floor (26) but could plainly and loudly hear cars and motorcycles throttle their engines, as well as constant emergency vehicle sirens all day and night. It does not help that Northwestern Memorial Medical Centers Emergency Room is right around the corner from the hotel. Upon checkout, when asked by the front desk clerk if we enjoyed our stay, I did comment on the noise to which he quipped you must have sensitive ears. Clearly not the right response from an employee. The desk clerk should have at least acknowledged our disappointment and offered to pass along the complaint to his manager. This was after having to call the front desk twice and wait on hold for over three minutes to request a later check out due to a late flight.Given downtown Chicago has a very competitive hotel market, I would not recommend this property to others or return for another stay.	
Nov 19 2009 	Mil vezes magnifco		
Oct 2 2008 	Excellente surprise		
