	Great atmosphere -- lovely friendly and comfortable	Location -- wonderful for walking, shopping, dining and going outService -- extremely warm, friendly &amp; helpfulAtmosphere -- historic, elegant, uniqueRoom -- modern, comfortable, spotlessly clean	
Nov 23 2009 	Fabulous hotel in a great location!	The hotel was decorated beautifully for the Holiday season. We arrived earlier then checkin and the front desk staff was very friendly and efficient. We were lucky to get into our room early at no charge. The room was very clean and spacious we had a parlour suite since there was 5 of us in our party. The hotel is very close to the nightlife and about a 15 minute walk to all the shops on Michigan Avenue. It was a very lovely hotel and I would definitely stay there again!	
Nov 15 2009 	WOW!	I booked my stay via &quot;Last Minute Travel&quot; and was truly amazed at what a beautiful and historic property this is. The Staff was friendly and helpful, once you got past the bellmen. The bellmen / valet could work on their customer service just a little. My room was perfect. A standard room with a comfortable King bed, the bathroom was spoiless as had nice amenities. The carpet had a few worn areas, but the overall cleanliness of the room was tip top! The location is the best part of this property, the neighborhood is quite, but not too far from where you want to be. A true jem!	
Nov 10 2009 	Great Location but Rooms are Very Dated and Run Down.	This hotel is in a great location, nestled in the upscale Gold Coast neighborhood, very close to local restaurants, bars, walk to Lincoln Park/Beach or shopping on Michigan Ave. I love the location and was expecting an old historic hotel that is not in perfect shape. However, I must say that even so, I was sadly surprised by the rundown state of the rooms. We stayed in a parlor suite, and the space was nice, but the furnishings were dismal. The couch was rubbed thread bare in several places. The bathroom is completely out of date with chipping paint in the tub. The two TV's (one in bedroom and one in living room) were 20&quot; with poor reception. It was very disappointing to see this grand and historic hotel in such a state of disrepair.	
Nov 6 2009 	Charming historical hotel - love that doorman!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. My expectations were not that great but the price was so good (through Expedia) that I was willing to take the risk. Our room was not huge but it had a walk-in closet big enough to store suitcases. The view was interesting- a little slice of the lake, but mostly the backs of historic homes with interesting patios. Our kingsize bed was very comfortable and the bedding and condition of the room was very good. We were on the 14th floor. The staff is wonderful and the Concierge, Barbara, was so helpful as we were tearing around trying to get in as much as possible on this birthday trip. Of course the Pumproom Lounge is worth the visit even just for a drink - probably over 200 pics of moviestars from the 20s on. Frank Sinatra sang in this famous bar/restaurant. We never ate there. The Gold Coast neighborhood is definitely worth a walk around - architecture is incredible. There is a gym and a 24 hour office w/computers and free printing. Short walk to Rush Street and the Original Pancake House for breakfast or the Corner Bakery. Three blocks to subway to downtown or a cab is about $10. I'd go back in a heartbeat. But then, I love having a doorman open the door for me!	
Nov 5 2009 	FOUND NO FAULT WITH THIS HOTEL REALLY ENJOYABLE STAY!	Pro's: Large room with extremely comfy bed. Was very quiet slept well. Clean Room and bathroom with no funny odors. Maids do not wake you or barge in. Free and plentiful toiletries and coffee in room Neighborhood is wealthy, historic and residential......no hard rock cafe scene Walk to the Lake or Michigan Avenue. Or 151 Bus takes you there. CVS nearby. Lovely common areas with lots of fresh flowers. Free and fast internet access. only had to wait once Reasonable rate and friendly staff and concierge. Cons:None! I will be returning.	
Nov 5 2009 	Great Chicago Historic Hotel	I have stayed in many hotels in Chicago over the years. I always check the rates at The Ambassador, before I book elsewhere. While this hotel has been around for many years, it is well kept and you will not find a better location. The hotel sits near great bars and restaurants, while positioned in a very nice area of apartments and old Chicago homes.The rooms have a feel of being in a charming European hotel.	
Nov 4 2009 	We'll definitely stay here again on our next visit to Chicago	All staff members were friendly and helpful.The room was large, quiet, comfortable with plenty of drawers and closet space.The location was great. A lovely quiet area, but plenty of restaurants and shops within easy walking distance. Just a 10 minute walk to a Red Line subway stop.It's an older, but well maintained hotel.	
Nov 3 2009	Great Location and Stay	Location is excellent if you want to get away from the Michigan Ave. trap. Neighborhood was where I would love to live if I was young and just out of school and worked in Chicago. Yes, the rooms are in need of some up-keep, but were able to set that a side from so many positives. The rooms really need an upgrade to the TV's. This was very disappointing when trying to watch a game or something. They need to get with the times, flat screens. All in all, for the value paid, very satisfied.	
Nov 3 2009 	Very nice hotel in a great location	In a very nice location close to shopping and places to eat and also in a beautiful neighborhood. A small hotel with a pleasant place to sit in the lobby, the Pump Room is a classic place to have a drink. We did not have dinner there so I can not comment but we enjoyed people watching while we had an afternoon drink looking out the window at the people in the neighborhood. It is a short walk to very good shopping and eating.	
Oct 21 2009 	You probably can find a better room with the same budget	The hotel lacks in the room maintenance. Cracks on tub, doors, and sink. The carpet had stains and holes. You pay the price for the history of the hotel, but you probably could get a nicer room for the same budget or even less.Service was fine but nothing special. Very noisy in the morning, could hear other guests in the hallway.Be aware that when you check-in, they hold $150 extra on the top of your nights of stay fees on your credit card, not very clear on the website.	
Oct 20 2009 	A Fabulous Experience	Every thing was impeccable. Friendly service staff. A couple of them gave us some history about the Hotel and the Pump Room. Very top notch establishment. Not austentacious - simple yet elegant.	
Oct 10 2009 	Hangin' with Sinatra in the Pump Room Lounge	The Ambassador East is located in the Gold Coast neighborhood of Chicago. It is just a few blocks from the train station, so it was easy to get anywhere in town. The hotel is a National Historic Landmark so the lobby is elegant and beautiful. We loved the Pump Room bar with tons of B &amp; W photos of celebrities. The service was wonderful and everyone was friendly and helpful.	
Oct 8 2009 	Full of History-extremely clean with very attentive employees	The Ambassador East Hottel is located in the heart of the Gold Coast Neighborhood just seps from Michigan Avenue and great shopping. It is also located near great dining facilities and many neat pubs.The Ambassador is a Historic hotel that needs some tender loving care. This old lady could use a nip and tuck here and there. With that said this was the cleanest hotel with the friendlinest staff I have ever experienced. I will stay here everytime I am in Chicago. It has a great price value.The entertainment in the Pump Room and the food was incredible. This was an all aroun great experience	
Oct 7 2009 	needs extensive refurbishment.	Very disappointed in loss of previous prestige. I could easily see loss of old European type small hotel culture. Many years ago we were guests in the hotel a number of weekends, taking in the Pump Room dining and visiting with out-of-town friends. As a matter of fact, we hosted a post-nuptial dinner there 40 years ago. I would never consider doing that now.. Why do you not refurbish the hotel to go with the beautiful marble floors and intricate wall moldings? It really is sad to see what has become of the old Ambassador East.	
Oct 3 2009 	Perfect perfectperfect...	My girlfriend and I just returned and we were not disappointed with the Ambassador. Very comfy beds and the location is just beautiful and charming. Train is a short walk as well as various restaurants and nightlife. Quiet evenings and the staff could not have been kinder. Chris at the concierge was especially helpful. I plan on returning next May and will stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 23 2009 	Nice Hotel...Needs work	This is the second time I have stayed at the Ambassador East hotel when traveling to Chicago for business. The location of this hotel is not bad, it is close enough you can walk to most everything and is in a quiet beautiful neighborhood. There are also plenty of restaurants very close to walk to such as Irish pub type places. All of the staff is wonderful, bellstaff, front desk and conceirge. The hotel is very historic looking and beautiful when you walk in. However, the rooms really need some serious updating. The beds are okay, comfortable enough for a couple of days. But the bathroom is just terrible, I felt like I was in a gas station bathroom. They toilets are very old and the bathtub has a lot of chipping and peeling. There was also no full length mirror in the room which is not a huge deal, but I don't think I have ever not had one in a room. The other issue I had was the air conditioner, it smelled terrible and was very loud during the night. I think this hotel has so much more potential with the great location and the historic feeling of it. They really need to update their rooms.	
Sep 22 2009 	A very charming boutique hotel in a great location	A very charming boutique hotel in a great location. The hotel is a few blocks from the Magnificent Mile and Rush Street, within close walking distance to the lake, great restaurants, shopping, and entertainment. It's far enough away to avoid the noise from the restaurants and bars, which is ideal for the business traveler who needs to get some sleep. The bed and pillows are very comfortable. While the room and bathroom fixtures are a little dated, it is a historic hotel and doesn't take away from the comfort and coziness. The room rate is very reasonable and a better deal considering that the Best Western costs $80 more per night. I definitely enjoyed staying in this hotel and will likely stay here on the next trip to Chicago.	
Sep 21 2009 	Classy hotel in a fantastic location	We visited Chicago for a wedding and the couple had an agreed rate at the hotel, so the decision was somewhat made for us. That said, we had a fantastic time in Chicago and the Ambassador East is a wonderful place from which to explore the city. It has an ideal location - it is in a very affluent neighbourhood located 100 yards from the Lake, about 2 blocks from Lincoln Park (with its free zoo - wonderful for young kids especially now the schools are back) and 5 minutes from the excellent restaurants on Rush - Carmines is excellent for Italian. You can be on the Magnificent Mile (great shops, Hancock Tower, Water Pump Station, Tourist Information) in about 10 minutes. There is a play ground over the road which is great for young kids. Clark/Division red line (train) station is 2 blocks away, which is 10 minutes from Wrigley Field. The hotel itself has a real old school charm. Very classy reception area, rooms are comfortable if not opulent or hugely modern. The in-hotel restaurant is the Pump Room which has a lot of history as it has entertained many dignitaries and stars over the years (as evidenced by the photos on the walls). The food there is first class, whether for breakfast (as we took in every day) or a truly excellent evening meal (with live music). The staff were very attentive, especially with our little one who is 20 months.Room service menu is limited but service is quick. The staff were very receptive to our needs, lending us a microwave, refridgerator and high chair during our stay for the baby (as well as crib, of course).On the whole a very good experience and one I would thoroughly recommend.	
Sep 18 2009 	very comfortable and safe 5 mins from beach	After a bad experience elsewhere I checked into this hotel. The staff were very helpful, happy and polite. The rooms have a little wear and tear but are clean and very comfortable, The hotel is in a nice area I felt very safe and 5 minutes from the beautiful beach. There are plenty of restaurants with 5 mins walk. Internet access available and I would definatly stay again.	
Sep 16 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	We stayed in for 3 nights. We booked a few months in advance and got the room for $99 per night (RO). Staff were fantastic. We had breakfast one morning in the Pump Room and that was lovely and good value. We got the metro blue line from OHare to Jackson and switched to red line to Clark &amp; Division. Hotel about 5 mins walk from this stop. Its close to lots of supermarkets and restaurants and is about 15 minutes walk to the top of Michigan Avenue. Room was lovely with great views of city	
Sep 15 2009 	quaint locationexcellent service	good location to mag mile and restaurants on rush street, hotel needs updates but service was excellent	
Sep 15 2009 	The Ambassador East has good bones	The Ambassador East Hotel is a great place to stay if you wish to get off the ant trail. The location in the leafy, beautiful, Gold Coast area of Chicago is ideal. Very quiet and residential, yet only a couple of blocks from Michigan Avenue and Rush Street. Many small bistro type restaurants in the area also.The hotel is comfortable, clean and the staff is very helpful. This hotel has a cozy, elegant, atmosphere that you don't always get in the new sterile hotels.	
Sep 15 2009 	Classic hotel a little dated but still grand.	Service was what you'd expect from a stately older hotel with an excellent reputation. Walking in it feels like you've gone back in time. The rooms are larger for a Chicago hotel, the bathroom was positively HUGE! But the TV was small and old. The carpet needs replaced, and the upholstery had seen better days. The decor is dated, but I rather like that. All in all, it's worth putting up with an old TV and some cracked tile to stay in such a lovely historic hotel. I'd rather spend time in the legendary Pump Room than watch tv anyway!Ice machines are located on only two floors. Computer access in free in &quot;business center&quot; but it only has 3 computers. Free printing makes up for it however. No pool.	
Sep 14 2009 	Good Stay	I stayed in this historic hotel from 8-11 sept. (3 nights) by myself, booked at Expedia. It's located in the Gold Coast district of the city just a little north of the Magnificent Mile. This area is quieter than the River North district and the Loop area, because of the Old Money that there used to be (or in fact still is). The hotel has a history of attracting VIP's and celebrities and it used to be a film location for a Hitchcock movie, North By Northwest. But it's heydays are a little over I'm guessing because, while it still looks luxurious, it does also look as a place from yesteryears.The room I got, the kingsize Deluxe, was a little worn out, but for the price I got I didn't care. For instance, I didn't know how to use the small lighting in the room and I have seen better television-service in other hotel-locations. But then again I didn't spend much time in the room. A plus is the cleanliness of the room.The service was good, but I didn't get a satisfying answer on asking informations on city events and locations.Overall, this hotel is a good stay for doing a citytrip.	
Sep 14 2009 	We had a great experience until it came time to checkout . . . beware.	My wife and I spent our 3rd wedding anniversary at The Ambassador East. Our arrival and check in Friday went flawless. Everyone was helpful and curteous. We upgraded to a suite (for $69.00/night) and the suite was &quot;nice&quot; -- I've stayed in nicer. When I made the reservations I told them it was going to be our anniversary and when we arrived back at the suite after our afternoon of out and abouting (the hotel is located just a block from the lake and a short walk to the Magnificent Mile) we found a bottle of champagne and several chocolate covered strawberries waiting for us. Saturday night we had dinner at The Pump Room. Although it may no longer be the &quot;jumpin' Pump Room&quot; of days gone by the atmosphere was teriffic, the food was delicious, the service was impeccable, and the entertainment wonderful. Unfortunately, when we checked out Sunday morning they attempted to charge us for another day. After arguing with Nicole and Bill at the front desk for several minutes they finally took the extra charge off. Unfortunately, I did not check the bill closely and after we got home I noticed that, yes, they did take the one day room rate off the bill but they did not take off the rate for the upgrade or the taxes (15.4%!!) that would apply for the extra day. So now I have to fight with them about that. It's a great hotel but make sure you check your bill!!	
Sep 12 2009 	Really nice hotel	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights Sept 8, 9 and 10th. Before we even came to Chicago, I had correspondence through e-mail with the concierge of the hotel and the head of reservations. I got this hotel through Priceline for $70/night, so I asked the head of reservations for certain things. I asked for a room on a higher floor, got the room on the 15th floor. Asked for a room with a little refrigerator, got a room with a little refrigerator. Asked for extra pillows, got extra pillows. Very, very accommodating. The room was quite big, compared to other hotels I've stayed at. Room was a little worn. Tear in carpeting, broken tile on bathroom floor, toilet was broken on the inside. But other than that, room was very comfortable. Bed was huge and comfortable. I just wish there was a better view out the window, all we saw were buildings.Only went to the Pump Room to see what it looked like and to look at all the pictures, never ate there.I would stay at this hotel again. But since we usually use priceline to get our hotels, it depends on what they give us.	
Sep 11 2009 	An old Grand Damme needs some updating	This is a great location. Everyone is exceedingly pleasant. The rooms need an updated TV, new carpeting, drapes and bathroom tile. The beds were comfortable and the rooms quiet. It likely would meet your needs. But, you hate to see a great older hotel showing its age.	
Sep 10 2009 	A huge surprise...I loved it!	I stayed at the Ambassador East for 3 nights before joining my parents at the Intercontinental when they arrived in Chicago. I can honestly say that I just looked for somewhere cheap to stay to do this, rather than on service, quality etc.I was hugely surprised then when arriving at the Ambassador to find such a beautiful hotel, wonderful service and a great room.All in all it beat my stay at the Intercontinental following hands down and for a fraction of the price.I'd recommend this place any day - the only tiny flaw is that it's not on the mile. But transport public and taxi is so good - it really doesn't matter!	
Sep 10 2009 	Great Location and Value - Can't be beat!	This is a beautiful historic hotel, older but well kept and clean. Service is an art form here. We were treated with 4-star service everywhere in the hotel. So there are a few things that need updating (chipped bathtubs, ripped curtains) but who cares! There are so many options right outside the door that if you spend that much time in your room, you are missing out.The metro station is two blocks, and too many restaurants and attractions within walking distance to count.We got a great deal ($89/night) and would stay here again and again....great destination and location. The staff is top-notch.We even had folks with large dog in the next room but never heard more than an occasional bark - kind of a greeting when we returned to our room at night!Overall - great experience.	
Sep 9 2009	Excellent Service and value in a wonderfully nostalgic hotel	The service at the Ambassador East from absolutely all staff was top notch - without exaggeration the best we have experienced at any five star hotel in all of North America. Although the hotel may be attracting less &quot;moneyed&quot; guests with their specials, all guests are treated to high class service. At our request, we were upgraded to a wonderful 1 bedroom suite with a view of downtown for a reasonable additional charge. The room furnishings are showing wear but we thought it just added to the charm. Dinner at the Pump Room was excellent and wonderfully nostalgic with the same fine service you experience in the hotel (see my review of it.) The hotel is within an easy walk of the lake and beach, shopping on Michigan Avenue and close to other attractions. Other good restaurants and nightlife are just around the corner. We definitely will stay at the Ambassador East when we return to Chicago. Note: Although we dressed as guests did in the past, we did notice that the dress standards of some guests have dropped,as some other reviewers have noted; however, everyone was well behaved and &quot;covered&quot; by some sort of material so we are not too worried if that is what it takes for a fine hotel to stay in business in these economic times.	
Sep 8 2009 	Excellent	This is a beautiful historic hotel, older but well kept and clean. So there are chipped bathtubs, who cares. It was clean with great service and excellent location in a quiet residential street 2 blocks from restaurants, train, beach and short distance from downtown and Navy Pier (the fireworks can be seen from the end of the block of the hotel's location). The 2 beds in a room did leave limited space.	
Sep 8 2009	FANTASTIC HOTEL -- Had a great Bachelorette party!!	I recently had a bachelorette party at the Ambassador East in one of the large suites with balcony and adjoining room, and the rooms were just PERFECT! We had plenty of space to hang out, and we utilized the balcony for games and goofing off! The girls and I all had more than enough beds to sleep on, and the hotel staff even brought a cot in the room while we were out and cleaned the place up so it was nice and fresh when we returned later in the evening. It really was a perfect hotel room for a perfect evening with the girls!	
Sep 7 2009 	Outstanding	Staff was top of the class. Every one of them. The location is prime. If your looking to experience Chicago, this is the starting point. 2 blocks from the beach, walking distance to EVERythng! Metro 2 blocks away. Go anywhere. We can't wait to go back again. Pump room food excellent. Rooms are in need of updateing, however very clean. We stayed 4 nights for special rate 86.00 per. No place can match for value.If you like jazz and piano bars, Jilly's and the back room are great. There are too many restaurants in the area to even mention. The &quot;Feast&quot; for breakfast was amazing.	
Sep 7 2009 	mixed review	Alright, so the hotel it self is nice, the lobby is very nice, pump room is beautiful etc, the rooms were pretty small, alot smaller than i expected. It was kind of out dated in the walls, as there was random holes in the walls from god knows what that were not patched up. Service was good, Parking.. well.. its dt chicago.. parking was expensive if u have a vehicle. The biggest issue i had was suspecting the housekeeping staff stealing our drinks we bought outside the hotel. Its the morality of it, doesnt matter if it cost 1 dollar or 100 dollars, you dont steal things! The hotel is a very good location , its down town but on the edge of it so its kind of quiet but only 2 blocks from the magnificant mile.	
Sep 1 2009 	The amazing aroma when you walk in the door is just the beginning of a perfect stay!	This is our favorite Chicago hotel to stay in. We highly recommend it. Friendly staff, beautiful rooms, fabulous neighborhood and walking distance to fabulous places. Don't miss out on this one!!!!! We stayed 2 years ago after getting married in Chicago and when the staff found out that we had married that morning, they made our day very special and full of surprises!!!	
Sep 1 2009 	Friendly staff clean rooms great location if you don't mind a 10 minute walk to the magnificent mile	I loved this hotel: the staff were friendly and efficient, the rooms are lovely - big, airy, and not overloaded with furniture - and in a great location; I could walk to Lincoln Park and the North end of the Magnificent Mile easily. The Loop was further south but if you don;t mid walking then enjoy the meander otherwise the free trolley service can get you to where you want to go.Finally, there is plenty of choice eatery wise close to the hotel so I would definitely recommend this as a place to stay.	
Aug 31 2009 	The king parlor suite was the perfect family option.	I used to live in the Ambassador East neighborhood and it was so wonderful to be back in such a prime location. We got a wonderful deal on the king parlor suite. This was an ideal size for my husband and I, and our three year old daughter. She slept on the sofa bed and we had the separate master bedroom -fantastic space! It was an easy walk to a wonderful dinner after our arrival and another easy walk to a delicious breakfast - great Chicago neighborhood, great Chicago hotel!	
Aug 31 2009 	Love Chicago in the summertime.	Come to Chicago every summer to catch a couple of Cub games. The Ambassador Hotel was a great find on the internet. Nice room for two. Beautiful neighborhood, close to the Red Line, cafes, restaurants, night spots. Clean and safe at all hours. Very helpful staff. I would definitely consider staying here in the future.	
Aug 31 2009 	warm and friendly!	The staff recognizes you by name with excellent eye contact. The &quot;welcome back&quot; sets the tone for your stay. Flowers in the lobby and reception area beautiful. The house-keeping staff is terrific, helpful and prompt. Room service food was served hot and that makes a big difference too. Pump Room food was surprising tasty and impressed my clients.Well done!	
Aug 31 2009 	I love it....	The hotel needs some updating. New paint, wallpaper, etc. But, the service, food, etc is FABULOUS. It is the very best place we stay when we go downtown. Love it! Again, it needs paint and new wallpaper, but the decor is great. In order to receive the very good rating, you need to get a deal on the room....	
Aug 28 2009 	Great place	More than I expected. The staff is very attentive without being a nuisance. The room are well appointed. The Pump room has excellent food. Easy access to all of downtown.Will stay again.	
Aug 27 2009 	a bit worse for the wear	The Ambassador East has gotten worn over the years. It is always a bit sad to see a property that was clearly luxurious in its heyday become a place where groups of tourists in shorts stay with their kids, but I was frankly appalled by people standing around in the Pump Room in shorts or jeans. Anyway, the service from the front desk was good and helpful. The location is convenient to the beach and to the train. Housekeeping had some mis-steps. We left the privacy sign on our door one morning so we could sleep past 9, and housekeeping never came back during the day to do our room. Also when we checked in there was a smear of purple shampoo from the previous guest on the wall of the shower. They took our towels every single day, despite the fact that we hung them up and the sign saying they won't take them if you hang them. Another day they took our bath linens and didn't replace the washcloths or bathmat.Also, the ice machine was on our floor (7th) and it was THUNDEROUS, loudest I have ever heard. We were nowhere near it, thank goodness, but I would request a room far away.Overall though, we got good value and the price couldn't be beat--weeknights in summer for $100!	
Aug 25 2009 	Average hotel - needs new or updated bathroom amenities	This is the second time I've stayed in this hotel and this experience was much better than the first when they overbooked and I was stuck in a smoking room. That was several years ago and there has been little if any change in the hotel rooms. The bathrooms need to be updated as they're clean but appear dirty due to wear and tear. In addition, although it's not a big deal, the TVs are also old and small. If you need a hotel in this area, this is okay. However, I would recommend looking at other hotels before choosing this one.	
Aug 25 2009 	This room 1144 was not as good as previous stays.	Owner should eview the bathroom amenities and storage . i thought the tub and storage did not match the room price for the City.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great Experience	Hotel staff and service were great. The location is within walking distance of nightlife and the lake. We had a wonderful time.	
Aug 18 2009	Ambassador East Hotel Chicago - Great Hotel	We stayed at the Ambassador East in Chicago for two days in July, 2009. I would definately stay there again. We opted for the lowest price room available and after all the taxes it came to $115.00 a night. That's not bad for a hotel in a very nice neighborhood, the Gold Coast, which is great for walking, eating and barhopping. It is a short walk to Lake Michigan beach spots.If you like to bike, run or walk, the trail along the beaches is fantastic. Also the El's Red Line is nearby.About the hotel; I think next time I might spend a little more for a suite, but for this trip the room we had worked out fine. The only down comments I would have would be that the rooms do show some age (there were a couple tiles off in the bathroom and lying on the floor) and the bathroom didn't have an exhaust fan.But that's nitpicking, as everything was clean and we slept fine. The staff was helpful and friendly. There was an off property, indoor place to park, a block and a half toward the lake that charged $25.00 a day and I thought that was reasonable. Also make sure you have a drink at the hotel bar as it is one very nice room.	
Aug 18 2009 	Love the location. Clean. Best hotel bed ever. Great Value. Friendly staff.	Very pleasantly surprised during our first stay here on recent weekend in Chicago! Love the Ambassador East location in a beautiful Gold Coast residential neighborhood. Had always stayed further south in Mag Mile area, but this was quieter and still within easy walking distance to the lake/beach, Michigan Ave, Rush Street, Old Town, etc. Just a $7 cab ride to Millenium Park – otherwise we walked everywhere we wanted to be. Parking lot across the street saved $16 per night vs. valet and could see my car from our window. Staff was outstanding – friendly, knowledgeable about the area and helpful. The room, although a little dated in decor, was clean and the bed was the most comfortable hotel bed we've ever slept in. Only drawback was no free in room wireless access. Would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 17 2009 	Sadly behind the times	My husband and I recently stayed here for a wedding. We've visited Chicago before, staying at the Talbot and the Sofitel, so we definitely had other hotels to which we could compare. We booked at the Ambassador East because we were in town for a wedding, and almost all the guests were staying here. We wanted to be close to them, so although our instincts told us to book at one of the ones we had used in the past, we went this one. I now wish we had went with our first instinct!We were sadly disappointed. While the lobby seemed inviting and perfectly acceptable, the rest of the hotel did not follow suit. We had a standard king room. The first thing that jarred us was the layout of the room. The door opened right into the room, so if one person was sleeping, and the other came in, that sleeping person would be disturbed. The second thing – the decor and cleanliness. The wallpaper was literally peeling off the walls, the rug was badly stained, and the room smelled musty. The bathroom was not at all conducive to easy use. There was no counter top – just a small glass shelf above the pedestal sink that could accommodate our toothbrushes and contact lens cases. So we had to keep all our toiletries out in the room on the desk. Interestingly, there was a huge walk-in closet that seemed completely out of place given the small size of the room and the bathroom. Why not use some of the square footage to make a bigger room?Also, the noise level left something to be desired. We could here every door in the hall open and close, and when the maid service started the next day (at 9 a.m. no less!), we could hear the TV blaring in the next room while the maids cleaned.Next time, we will go with either the Talbot or the Sofitel, both of which, while a little bit more money, are far superior and worth the extra dollar!	
Aug 11 2009 	Stay for the excellent location. Don't stay if you want luxury and amenities.	This hotel was selected by my relative in Chicago, based upon its location, and proximity to family events. The location is excellent. A quiet part of the gold coast. Walking distance to the beach, MIchigan Avenue, and nightlife of the city. Yet far enough from all the comotion and noise of the city. I was travelling with my wife and two toddlers. We were able to book the Harey Carey suite, which has two separate bedrooms (one for wife and I, one for the children), entrance hall, as well as a living room / dining room area with table and chairs, etc. The hotel was running a special at the time, so that the cost of the suite was about $170 / night and we were there for four nights. The size of the suite was great and it was definitely a luxury to be able to put the kids to bed, and then entertain in the living room area. We had guests come for drinks and dessert one night. We also had a babysitter one night who was able to feed the kids at the dining table, put them to bed, and then hang out in the living room area while the kids slept. For a hotel, it was a great luxury for my wife and I at what we consider to be an exceptional price.The furniture in the room was dated, and the couch had holes in it. Not a very good first impression. The carpet is worn, and the bathrooms are extremely small. Unfortunately for the hotel, the bathroom issue can't be resolved because the hotel was designed that way. The place was clean, sheets were fresh and clean, bed was comfortable, and I was never worried about cleanliness. But they could afford to spend some money on updating amenities. For instance, the Televisions are 19&quot; tube TV that are at least 20 years old and grainy. I've stayed in cheap motels that had better televisions than this.But the draw to staying at this hotel isn't the luxurious amenities. This is not a vacation hotel, where you intend to stay in the hotel. You stay here for the location, and the ability to walk to MIchigan Avenue, beach, restaurants, etc. If you are looking for a destination hotel, and plan to never leave the hotel, then this is NOT the place for you.One more draw was the Pump Room. While its history was interesting, I was really impressed with the breakfast they served. Not your typical hotel breakfast. It was EXCELLENT. And they have a kids menu to order from. Our children were able to get kids meals from here sent up to the room and they were excellent, as well as reasonably priced. I am typically a loyal Starwood client (Westin, St. Regis, W, Sheraton, etc.), but I would stay here again because I thought it was clean, comfortable, reasonably priced, and the LOCATION WAS INCREDIBLE. However, if you are looking for modern luxury and amenities of a new hotel, you will be disappointed by this place.	
Aug 10 2009 	Terrific Bargain and Great Hotel	We live down the block from the hotel. We arranged to have new floors put in our condo while we were away. The floors were not finished when we returned so we looked for an inexpensive local hotel for one night. I think the Ambassador East was the least expensive hotel within a reasonable distance so we decided to stay there. Over the years I had had some visiting groups stay there. I had also eaten there and been to the bar but I had never stayed there myself.The lobby is elegant. The service is great and the room was large and clean although a little outdated. The location is the best residential area in the city (as far as I am concerned -- I live two blocks away) and it is very convenient to North Michigan Avenue ( a good shopping street) and reasonably convenient to the Loop ( the main business area) There are also probably 50 restaurants in all price ranges in reasonable walking distance including some of the best in the city.I paid less than $100 including tax for one night. I am not sure what their regular rates are but I think my deal was the best travel bargain around.	
Aug 4 2009 	If you're looking for Old World charm this is the place.	Overall, we were very pleased with the 3 nights we spent at the Ambassador East. We drove to Chicago and were aware before arriving that valet parking was $40 a day. (which allows you to come and go throughout the day) or general parking for $30 a day (no come and go). Factor the parking into the room and it's still a good overall deal.The hotel's central location is great (Wrigley Field is about 3 miles north and The Art Institute and Millennium Park about 2 miles south with and plenty of shops and restaurants along the way.The room was fine with the king bed being extremely comfortable. Other furnishings were showing their age but more than acceptable. However, the TV was somewhat small (maybe 20&quot;) and the reception was poor. There are no vending machines in the hotel. Our room had a small sampling of items (candy, soda, wine, chips, etc.) for sale, though outrageously priced. A 12 ounce can of Diet Coke was $3.30, a 32 ounce bottle of Fiji water was $6.00. There is however a CVS pharmacy about 2 blocks away where we bought our goodies. Also, there are ice machines only on the 7th and 8th floors. The 2nd floor has the Business Center open 24 hours with 3 old computers available for use with internet access. There's no charge for using the internet.The staff was courteous and friendly.We had breakfast in the Pump Room the morning we left and it might be the best feature of the hotel. It's absolutely beautiful and the service and food were exceptional. Do yourself a favor and try it.If you're looking for Old World charm at a reasonable price, this hotel is for you.	
Aug 3 2009 	Good overall experience would do again.	Older but grand hotel, some dated features in room, some noise from halls, ice machine, street. Great location, easy walk to features. Restaurant expensive but excellent quality. Fun history. Friendly and accommodating staff.	
Jul 31 2009 	Great location - in need of many updates	I stayed at the Ambassador East for a weekend in July. The service was friendly and the location was great. However, I did not feel the amenities were up to par for the price paid. The rooms are in desperate need for updates and had a musty smell. The exercise equipment was quite old as well. The upside is that it was close to many restaurants and shopping and an easy walk to the beaches at Lake Michigan.	
Jul 31 2009 	Great history service and location - old hotel	Spent 3 weekday nights at the Ambassador East, was quite comfortable and left feeling like the place still retains enough regal dignity to warrant consideration. As noted by other reviewers, the decor, particularly in guest rooms, is showing signs of age. However, the service, history, and location make the flaws easy to overlook. We had no problems with room or utilities. We were told that plumbing upgrades would disrupt water from midnight to 4 a.m. on our first night, but didn't notice. Don't know if they have internet service but picked up an unsecured free wireless signal in the room. The place is clean and staff are attentive. Only had drinks in the Pump room and saw mostly locals dining, which seems like a good sign. We booked as part of a package deal, so price was very reasonable given the location. Parking, at $30 a night, is offensive and the location makes finding a spot on the street impossible - but that has more to do with the city than the hotel. Neighborhood is quiet, upscale, residential. Easy to walk to dining nightlife and ready access to cabs, busses, subway. About $12 cab ride from Wrigleyville. McFaddens, a block away, has great weeknight drink specials and serves late night food. If you get stressed about small televisions and worn hallway carpet look elsewhere. But if you want a taste of what the old near north side is about check out the Ambassador.	
Jul 29 2009 	Overall Good Stay	I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. Older decor, but it fit well with the historic neighborhood. No free internet service and No swimming pool for the kids, but plenty of other things to do. 1/2 a block from the original Playboy Mansion. Rooms were clean, staff was pleasant. Try Edwardo's Pizza while your there. Best pizza I've had. Short walk to the beach, and less than $10 cab ride down to Navy Pier or Michigan Ave. The parking is $40/night for valet and there is also public parking right across the street for $29/night. Next time we will try the Pump Room restaurant.	
Jul 27 2009 	Pricey for what little you get	Perhaps I am just &quot;cheap&quot;, but really this place was nothing special. The room was fairly clean, but certainly not without flaws. There was rust around the caulk in the shower and some dirt spots on the rug. Overall the room was fairly small and the decor wasn't all that appealing. Kind of dated, actually. Finally, the television was tiny. The bed, however, was insanely comfortable. I would have like to have taken it home with me. The service was good, for what little I used of it. Be prepared, if you bring a car, for a pretty hefty parking fee they didn't mention here. Overall the hotel was fine, but I feel I would have been just as happy, and gotten more amenities and more for my dollar, at a &quot;lesser&quot; hotel. In general, it seemed like a huge waste of money. (I mean, please, no free wireless at these prices? Come on already....)	
Jul 26 2009 	Wonderful surroundings both inside and outside the hotel.	We will return to the Ambassador East when we return to Chicago. We were treated with great professionalism and courtesy. Each day we were greeted by all employees that crossed our path. The location is within walking distance of the Lake and several beaches, Lincoln Park, the northern end of the Magnificent Mile as well as the El. We were delighted with our stay!	
Jul 25 2009 	mediocre....	My son and I stayed here on a trip to Chicago. We came via Amtrak (Union Station) and got to the hotel using the bus system. I had called in advance to talk to the concierge, but got wrong info from her and that ended up costing us multiple bus transfers to get to the hotel. The hotel did provide a free breakfast in the infamous Pump Room for our ordeal. It was nice because it was free, but it was very mediocre food and there are many, much better places near by that I would strongly suggest instead. For example, Third Coast and Corner Bakery.The room itself, because it is an older hotel was very plain. It was clean but the bathtub was cracked and peeling, the grout between the tiles stained, the wallpaper peeling.... The bathroom was very small and a hair dryer was provided but the only plug in the bathroom was right next to the sink and the hair dryer didn't fit in that outlet, so you had to dry your hair in the main part of the room. The TV stations were few and no free movie channels. They had a mini bar and fridge that we didn't use....outrageous prices (6 dollars for bottled water!). Speaking of, there was an ice machine but no vending machines so if you wanted anything to drink, you needed to get water, juice, snacks somewhere and bring them in.I was surprised because all the reviews I read went on and on about the kindness of the staff. I was underwhelmed. If we didn't speak to them, they did not speak. One day, we slept in until 9am and were woken up before that by the housekeeping staff outside our room. They were so loud, I thought someone was fighting. The concierge was nice but not very knowlegeable. She tried to sell us tickets to Blue Man Group telling us that 68 dollars a piece were the best we could get anywhere. That afternoon, we went to Hot Tickets downtown on our own and got great seats for the same show for 35 dollars a piece. She had never even mentioned that option. She had us on the wrong bus a few times according to her directions and wasn't very helpful re: restaurants to have meals. She had a pre-typed up list and just kept referring to those but none had been suggested in travel magazines or by other people who had been to Chicago. She said all the deep dish pizzas were the same but that was NOT true. Ghiadono's and Edwardo's were great!Last but not least, the location. They say what a great location the Ambassador is in but really, I think you have to ask yourself what are you going to do in Chicago. If the Magnificent Mile is your main destination, the hotel is a five minute walk. Rush street, the same. I was with my teenage son and shopping was NOT high on his to do list. But if you want to visit the museums, the Navy Pier or go to a White Sox game, it is not a good choice. Overall, it was just an okay experience. I got a good rate here at Hotels.com so this is why we tried it. I would not stay here again, or suggest it to friends. There are literally hundreds of hotels in Chicago so I would try another one. Before you go, get a good map of downtown Chicago and plan out what you want to do mostly then decide.	
Jul 23 2009 	Rooms Definitely Need Updating	I booked this hotel on Priceline as I needed one night in Chicago before moving on to a conference hotel. Let me start with the positives: The location is great, very close to all the shopping and action of the Gold Coast and Magnificent Mile. The lobby is lovely, and I didn't realize that the famous Pump Room restaurant was located here. It's so much fun to look at all the pictures of celebrities on the walls.The staff is very friendly and helpful.My room was a very decent size, bigger than I expected for a smaller hotel in this area of Chicago. There is a king bed, two night tables, a TV/clothing armoir, a desk and chair, and and arm chair. There is plenty of room to walk around. Two people could be in this room and not be too crowded. My room also was right across from the elevators, which I thought was going to be a major problem, but other than hearing a few voices of other guests getting on and off the elevators, it was very quiet. Although I stayed on a week night, so this could be a different matter come the weekends.Now the big negative:The rooms, however are desperately in need of updating. Carpeting is worn and frayed in areas, furniture is scratched and dated. The biggest issue is the bathroom. There is no bathtub which is not normally an issue for me as I tend to only take showers but if you do want a bathtub, you might need to check to see if any of the rooms have them. Mine did not. In the shower stall there are several areas of mold/mildew/rust stains. The room may actually be very clean, but with all the areas of stains and such, it's hard to feel that it is clean. There have been obviously very shoddy repair jobs done to the floor and tile. And the toilet, while functioning, is positioned poorly and the seat is about to fall off. You'd think housekeeping would notice and report at least that little thing - the fix is minor.This hotel has a lot of potential, they just need to invest some money in updating the rooms.	
Jul 22 2009 	great location clean rooms great value	I found the location wonderful. Two blocks from the top of the magnificent mile. The rooms were clean and the staff very friendly. It's an older hotel with some class so don't expect the newer big suite type rooms you'll get near the airport. The inhouse restaurant/lounge looked very nice but a little pricey. We were too busy doing other things so I kick myself for not havig tried it. Taxi's are always in front and the subway is one and a half blocks away. For tourist travel I highly recommend this hotel because all you really want is a clean room in a convenient location. If I was on a business trip then I would have a few small quibbles. The chair in the room was mildly threadbare and the TV was small. The only other small complaint is I wish the room had a safe large enough to hold a notebook computer and passports. Other than that I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 21 2009 	Old World at it's best	We loved this elegant hotel because of the Old World feel to the building, atmosphere, and staff. Everyone at the hotel was most attentive and gracious. We felt for cost of our stay we received great value. We plan to return to Chicago in several months and this is were we will stay. Quite lovely.	
Jul 21 2009 	Needs a rehab	We stayed at the Ambassador East a the recommendation of a friend. This hotel has seen better days... Our room was nice, but wallpaper was peeling off, carpet was stained, and it did not feel clean. Additionally, we were awoken both mornings by staff for no reason (should have put hte do not disturb out). The shower was pretty poor, too.	
Jul 19 2009 	All aspects about my stay here were excellent!	Everything was great - service (efficient, helpful and friendly), cleanliness, the upgrade to a suite room, location (walking distance to the magnificent mile and public transportation). I would definitely recomment this hotel. ck July 2009	
Jul 16 2009 	Great location and price	Hotel was easily accessible to great dining, metro, lake, parks and beautiful neighborhoods. We walked everywhere and felt safe during the day and night. Hotel staff is friendly and accomodations were good. The rooms were well equipped and very clean but a little worn. In general a &quot;makeover&quot; seems overdue. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 15 2009 	European-style comfortable hospitable clean hotel	We had read reviews on this hotel and wondered if it would be ok. It was wonderful. It was exactly what we wanted. We were not expecting a brand new Disney hotel; we were hoping for a grand old European style hotel in a quiet neighborhood, and that's exactly what we got. We had access to the business center on the second floor to check email and print boarding passes, etc., so I didn't have to bring my laptop, which was nice.Our room was clean and comfortable, and I think very good value. We did need to rent a car for two days for a conference out of the city, and yes, parking is expensive, but parking in Chicago ANYWHERE is seriously expensive. We parked in a garage down the street for $29/a night. Mostly we just walked the two blocks to Michigan Ave and took the 151 bus that goes from there down to Millennium Park (and anywhere in-between). There's also a red line stop at Clarke/Divison, about 4 blocks away, which you take to Jackson and connect to any other line. There's a nice bistro two blocks away called the Third Coast which was great for breakfast or lunch. Rush St has lots of restaurants with sidewalk dining. I was very happy with the hotel and the area.	
Jul 14 2009 	Not what we expected	We had a celebrity suite that was supposed to have a master bedroom &amp; sleeper sofa in the family room, only to find out when we were going to bed, that our couch was not a sleeper sofa. We had two couples staying in the suite. The hotel was booked &amp; no cots were available in the hotel so we had to sleep on the floor! Not what we expected for the price we were paying. The hotel did give us a discounted rate when we complained, however this was not what we had bargained for.	
Jul 13 2009 	New management of this hotel has let the AE go to the dogs	I have stayed at the AE for years because of it's great location and friendly staff. However, now, the carpets are worn, the furniture is tattered and torn, the TV's are 19&quot; CRT models. This year the shower handle broke causing the water to only come out of the tub faucet. We had to call guest services twice before the engineer showed up 30 minutes later. On Saturday morning the main boiler broke and there was no hot water until after noon. The heyday of this historic hotel in now over. Now the AE is just old.	
Jul 9 2009 	The service is great but the building conditions are horrible	This hotel has excellent service and is in a great location. However, it needs major renovations. The hotel has a mold odor on the upper floors and has chipping paint. The window in room was filthy and had massive spider webs. The water was turned off from 11pm till 5am due to plumbing problems. It needs major renovations and would be wonderful because the service is 5 star.	
Jul 8 2009 	Affordable luxury with a few glitches.	Lobby is beautiful. Staff is outstanding. We stayed for 7 days and had a problem with the toilet and were moved to a new (slightly larger) room as soon as we were ready. The TV didn't work very well and was replaced promptly. The room was lovely, but showing it's age a little. The neighborhood is terrific and very quiet. We would return.	
Jul 6 2009 	july 4th holiday weekend in Chicago	Main lobby to the Ambassador is beautiful, the staff is very friendly and attentive but the room was dissapointing. The carpeting is old, the room is very small, the tv is very small but on the plus side it was very clean and the housekeeping was excellent. The rate paid for the room was excellent but valet parking was 45 bucks a day ( ludicrous) and of course tipping is on top of that . Overall, you sacrifice space and comfort for knowing your hotel has been visited by many old time Hollywood elite. Other than the cost of valet parking and having to pay for internet, I was satisfied with the hotel but will look for more modern and roomier accomadations next time I visit Chicago.	
Jul 4 2009 	Best Kept Secret in Chicago. Treat yourself and Stay Here!!!	WOW!! Where do I start? Booked this hotel through Hotels.com for less than I paid for the Travellodge Downtown. Check in was a breeze, the entire staff was friendly and helpful. Our room was huge. The king bed was very comfortable. Our room also had 2 nightstands, 2 chairs with a small table, a desk, and walk-in closet. Even with all the furniture, the room was very spacious. The room did show some signs of wear, but I think this adds to the charm and the rich history of this hotel.The hotel is located in a neighborhood, so it felt like we were staying in a condo or a home rather than a hotel. There is very little noise, however, you are only about 2 blocks from Rush and Division streets, with all the nightlife, and the Red Line at Clark and Division is only 3 blocks away. We decided to walk to Michigan Ave and the next thing we knew, we were at the Hancock building. By staying here, you are away from the noise, but not away from the action. Had breakfast at the Pump Room, which is a story in itself. We had our photo taken in booth 1. Take some time and research who has sat in this booth. It is impressive. Some 1400 photos of celebrity guests adorn the walls of the Pump Room. Didn't have a chance to have dinner here, but I will return for dinner someday. Breakfast was not anything fancy, and a bit pricy, but the history and experience was worth it in my opinion. The waitstaff was friendly as was everyone who worked at this hotel was. I can't wait to return here!	
Jul 2 2009 	Clean friendly hotel. Great Location.	My wife and I justed returned from a three-night stay here. We loved it. The hotel is situated on the near north side, nestled in a quiet area amongst beautiful million dollar homes and condos. We enjoyed not being in the hustle and bustle of the Magnificent Mile. Even so, the Clark &amp; Division stop on the red line is only three blocks away, which makes accessing the Mile and the rest of the city very convenient.The staff was friendly, the room was clean, and everything was in working order - I was impressed with this given the age of the hotel. Self-parking was available across the street for $29/night, which is a good price these days. Yes, as others have noted, there are some things that have just worn out over time, but they did not detract from our visit. We booked through Priceline, and at less than $100 per night, this was an excellent value!	
Jun 30 2009 	Wonderful wonderful wonderful	My husband, 10 year old daughter and 2 small dogs stayed for three nights. We all loved the hotel. Glamor, history, wonderful staff, clean, prompt and attentive! Very quiet in case you have a dog that barks at every little noise. We had reservations at a newer chain hotel but wanted to experience &quot;Chicago&quot;. We can stay at a chain hotel anywhere. Perfect location for kids and dogs. We will be back for sure!	
Jun 30 2009 	A great location and fabulous accommodations	Our stay at the Ambassador East Hotel was extremely relaxing and pleasant. We enjoyed the location. We could easily walk to the Red line or access the bus lines along Michigan Avenue. We felt safe walking along the neighborhood streets and viewing the fabulous architecture that is on N. State Street and Dearborn. We walked to 3rd Coast Cafe, the Chicago History Museum, and Second City from our hotel. Our room was spacious and well-kept, and it was quiet enough for us to take a nap during the afternoon before heading out again in the evening. We would choose to stay there again even if we could afford more expensive locations downtown. We definitely enjoyed the neighborhood feel of the place.	
Jun 30 2009 	Quiet respite close to all the lakeside action.	Gracious greeting and clean room and bath made my stay restorative and highly enjoyable. Luxury without snobbery means your welcome will be warm and staff highly responsive. The price was highly competitive with more modest hotels. Do give it a try.	
Jun 28 2009 	Don't Pay Full Price	Overall my stay was pleasant. The staff was very accommodating and customer service oriented. The location had a great neighborhood feel with tree lined streets and only three or four blocks from the beach. In addition, the hotel lobby and bar are beautiful. Unfortunately, the only thing dragging this hotel down is the old tired rooms. The hotel has been around for a while, so surely there has to be some equity in the property to renovate the rooms. As previous reviews have stated--many of the rooms are in desperate need of renovations. Here's a short description of the first room I was assigned on the 3rd floor: wore out and stained carpet greeted you upon opening the door, peeling wallpaper and paint, an old and tired bathroom with cracked and dirty tiles; positive--nice comfy beds, robes, and big room. I asked for another room and was given one on the 15th floor in better condition. For me, the condition of hotel rooms do matter ... no matter how little time I spend in the room. So for some people my comments may not matter to them. I booked this hotel on Hot wire and got a good price--$110 a night, so overall I say my stay was worth it due to location and the fact the staff was so accommodating in making sure we were satisfied. This hotel could be fabulous if the owners would invest in room renovations.	
Jun 23 2009 	Old Hollywood Charm!	The Ambassador East is a charming hotel luxury boutique hotel located in the heart of Chicago's Gold Coast. The staff was friendly &amp; informative. The room was comfortable &amp; well-appointed with all the comforts you desire when traveling. This hotel is beautiful &amp; filled with old Hollywood charm! If the walls could talk it would be amazing to hear all the stories of people &amp; events that have taken place in this lovely hotel. Just blocks from the Lake Michigan and the famed Magnificent Mile. I'd love to stay here again when visiting Chicago in the future!!!	
Jun 23 2009 	best hotel value with great location in Chicago	This place is great. The Pump Room resturant and bar is a throw back to the glamories days of travel. Rooms are large and old with big bathrooms. For the price and beatiful and conveinent location we will return again and again.	
Jun 18 2009 	1930's charm with 1930's everything else...	The lobby and staff were extraordinary. They made our stay feel very welcomed. We didn't eat at the Pump Room, but its decor was outstanding. The &quot;fitness center&quot; was barely more than a couple of machines and some free weights....good enough I guess. Overall, the room was less than average.....the hotel needs some serious updating to the rooms/bathrooms if we were to stay there again. We're just not into the nostalgia if we can stay at a newer hotel for the same price with more amenities.	
Jun 18 2009 	Before I even got there	I have not yet gone to the hotel and I am already pleasantly pleased. I started looking on the internet only today for pictures of the hotel and found the prices much lower than what our reservations were for. I called and Rose at the front desk was very, very kind. She looked up our room and I explained that I found for cheaper. She discounted our rooms to make it a great start to a wonderful weekend.Go Tribe!	
Jun 13 2009 	Absolutely Loved It!	I, too booked this hotel through Priceline and was starting to get a bit worried after reading some of the reviews. I called the week prior to confirm my reservation and to request two double beds, rather than a king. The gentleman, Brian who I spoke with was very helpful and even asked if there was anything else he could arrange ahead of time to make our stay more special. Once we arrived at the hotel we were immediately greeting by the valet, Brendan who (during our stay) parked our car and brought it back to us countless times, always with a smile on his face. The woman at the front desk, Nicole was also very sweet. She noticed my daughter carrying her American Girl Doll and gave us directions to American Girl Place. All the staff were very kid-friendly...which is why we came to remember their names...something we don't normally recollect. The hotel itself is nice. In fact, my two young daughters thought it was downright &quot;fancy.&quot; The rooms were accomodating and clean, as were the towels, sheets, etc. The location was really convenient and seemed really safe. Parking was $45/night, which I would normally think excessive, but because I got the hotel so affordably through Priceline, it didn't really bother me and it was convenient.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great location/ value	My wife and I stayed here for 2 nights and were quite pleased with the accomodations. After reading multiple negative reviews, I was a little concerned about what I had gotten myself into after getting the room on Priceline for $90/night. Sure, the decor is not how we decorate our house, but the room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The staff were friendly and helpful. There is a business center with free internet access. The fitness center has a few weight machines, a treadmill, an elliptical, and a recumbent bike. The hotel is a few blocks from the Magnificent Mile and there is also shopping along State and Rush Streets as well. Those couple of blocks put the hotel in a quiet neighborhood with little street noise. Addtionally, the L station is only 4 blocks away. We paid $20/day for valet parking in a garage behind the hotel. We would not hesitate to stay there again.	
May 28 2009 	Stay somewhere else!	The only positive thing experience about this hotel was the woman at the front desk named Nicole. Other than that - NOTHING! There were red, what looked like bloodstains, on the mattresses. There were hairs on the linens. The staff (aside from housekeeping) is unapproachable and uninviting, especially the fossil like concierge. Mediocre at best under the guise of being great. I will never stay here again!!!!!!!	
May 26 2009	Good location less than average rooms	The location of the hotel is very good. Close to Lake Shore Drive and State &amp; Rush streets. As for the rooms...very disappointed! My family and I wondered if perhaps the hotel has &quot;less than par&quot; rooms on hand for customers that book through discount hotel websites like Hotwire, Priceline, etc. The room was dingy, not four star at all. Carpet worn and stained, bathroom tile and fixtures have not been updated, armoire had no cabinet doors, and cob web hung from the ceiling. The price we paid was $84 / night. The location of the hotel and the house keeping service are the only good points. On the inside it looked looked Days Inn. I will not stay there again, I will try my luck with another hotel.	
May 26 2009 	Will never go here again.	I went to this hotel for 1 night. The windows in our room were broken. The bathroom door didn't shut. The bed was hard as a rock and the tv was small and received terrible reception. The worst part is my debit card was charged $50 and I wasn't told about it. I found out the next day that I had been charged and had to call the hotel to find out why. Apparently they charge a security fee that they said I won't get back for 5-7 business days. I really didn't appreciate them not telling me this during my check in. I wouldn't recommend this place.The only plusses were the cleanliness, the shower and the location.	
May 22 2009 	Historic and romantic	I stayed two nights here with a movie convention group. We had a great time.The staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are spacious and well furnished; very clean and tidy, nice views.A historic hotel with wonderful interiors, The Pump Room has played host to many a famous face through the years, so good photo opps for fans of Classic Hollywood, like me.A quick walk to the lake and to Michigan Ave.	
May 13 2009 	Courtesy yes cleanliness no.	Restaurant was surprisingly good.Hotel staff extremely helpful.Rooms need new carpets , furnishings.I found a dog treat in my bed. ugh.Bathroom smelled of mildew, ugh ugh.Bath tub didn't drain while taking a shower, ugh.No safe in room to lock up laptop etc. Safe in lobby but a pain to access.Air conditioner in room first installed in 1953. Worked accordingly.Price was right, lovely neighborhood but stay someplace else.	
May 7 2009 	Great time and great value	My wife and I went for the weekend and had a great time. The hotel was clean, staff was very friendly and willing to help with restaurant suggestions and fun places to visit. Our room was a good size and had everything we needed. The best part of our stay was ordering room service. The food was excellent and came fast. I will be back to stay the next time i come to Chicago.	
May 7 2009 	Wonderful Stay!	My husband, some friends and I stayed for two nights at the Ambassador East and had a great time. The room was beautifully decorated and quite large and comfortable. The staff was very friendly and room service was quick and delicious! It was a great experience, I would definitely go back!	
May 4 2009 	Worst hotel I ever stayed in..!!!!	This was an awful experience. We booked the hotel for 5 rooms/2 nights near eachother. We had tickets to see Blue Man Group. We came in a RV that the hotel told us that we would have a place to park it and it would be part of the hotel fee. That was a lie. We had to pay $250 for two days and then they would not let us into the RV until we left. On Saturday, we went to the Aquarium and when we returned, we were all locked out of our rooms!! I felt like I lived in a communist country all weekend! They were just plain rude about everything!! All of our rooms were supposed to be double queen and most only had a king bed in them. Totally sucked. Don't stay here!!!	
May 4 2009	Great personnel poor accommodations	The staff is great and the Pump Room great (both breakfast &amp; dinner); however, the accomodations left MUCH to be desired. The bathtub was older; therefore much taller than today's standard and there was no safety grab bar mounted. My mother (who's 76 with Parkinson's) had to be helped getting in &amp; out. Can't believe this is up to building code. The blackout liner for one set of curtain was torn and I had to use paperclips to insure that no light came thru. Paint peeling, lampshades fraying, headboard lopsided, etc. The great location and awesome staff cannot offset the extremely subpar accomodations for a hotel of this prestige.	
May 4 2009 	ok value nice and quite neighborhood. historical restaurant. ask for a clean room.	Fixture can be updated, TV shall be updated. Nice neighborhood, nice restaurant downstairs. some rooms are nicer, others can be less than “clean”, shall replace those carpets.	
Apr 27 2009 	Maybe nice hotel for couples do not stay here if you have little kids!!!	How many luggage carts should a 300 room hotel have???? I am guessing that the number should be more than 2! When we arrived with sleeping children and nussled them into bed, you can imagine how upset I was when someone knocked on our door (waking them up) stating that &quot;they needed the luggage cart back&quot;. I guess I did have it for 10 minutes...how rude of me???? The hotel does not have any ramp to the street, so they have a dumbwater (sort of elevator) that is very tight, slow, and not very user friendly....so again, if you do not have kids probably not a big deal, but when you have a stroller everytime you leave and come back it is a big deal. The staff also never goes above and beyond. I guess I have been spoilded by recent trips to Disney where they really appear eager to assist, and excited to have you there. The staff was friendly if you every asked them anything but the didn't really take the initiative. When we were leaving there were no luggage carts to be found (shocker) so I had to carry all of my bags down to the lobby and then out to our van. With two hotel staffers standing there I carried at least 12 bags out to the van. No one offered to assist, or even held the door. Finally another guest helped me with the last few bags. Lastly, I would say that the rooms are just outdated. To some it may be nice to say in such a nice throuback with such a rich history, but when you have little kids you worry more about the electrical cords, the paint peeling off the baseboards, the cruing 1 years old getting his hand piched in the window AC/Heater. It was not a relaxing as it could have been in a more modern place. I cannoy say this enough, but if it is just a couple, or adults....then this would be a good choice....but if you have kids I woudl stear clear!!!!	
Apr 25 2009 	Clapped Out - gut it and rebuild - forget about the past look to the future	I stayed at the hotel as a part of a visiting group from the UK. Check in was quick and efficient, we had a suite that was large with 2 double beds and a sofa-bed. Frankly the hotel has seen better days, I suspect in the 190s it was quite a fashionable hotel, however today it is threadbare worn sorely in need of a total refurbishment. The bathrooms are tiny and a tad dilapidated. The breakfast was a bit of a shambles with very little choice and it was exactly the same every day. On the positive side the staff were extremely friendly perhaps the most friendly I have ever experienced in the USA. The restaurant was very good with a good service, the bar however was expensive and slow on the service side. I wouldn't stay there out of choice, not abad hotel but certainly needs to re-invent itself for this century.	
Apr 18 2009 	A Hotel That Has Revived the Definition of Service!	I have stayed at this hotel several times and will continue to chose it as my hotel of choice in Chicago. The service at this hotel sets it apart from any other. I always feel comfortable entering this wonderfully eclectic and glamorous lobby. Smiles and &quot;Welcome&quot; around every corner. You just do not get that with the conglomerate! Tucked away a mere block away from Rush &amp; Division it is in the perfect location near shopping on Michigan, the upgraded Oak St and the night life. It is exactly where you want to be, but amongst the Brownstones makes you feel like you live in Chicago rather than just visiting. LOVELY!	
Apr 16 2009 	The pillow shams and outer bedding smelled like dirty hair.	The personnel was very helpful and kind. One of the front desk employees was very condescending when I was asking about getting a taxi for the trip to Union Station. Other than the smelly bed clothes and the one employee your hotel stay was a very nice experience..	
Apr 14 2009 	The Ambassador East is the Best	The people are friendly and helpful from the doorman who greets you every time you enter or leave to the maid who is perky when she says good morning. Everyone seems to really want guests to be satisfied.The location is close to Rush Street and some great restaurants and Michigan Ave and some great shopping, but the hotel is tucked away so it is quiet and peaceful.The Pump Room has a super breakfast buffet and tons of ambiance. We wouldn't stay anywhere else!!!	
Apr 13 2009 	Best trip in 4 years to chicago	My wife and I have made several trips and always came home exhausted because the noise at night kept us from sleeping . What a difference just a few blocks makes so quiet I never heard a horn . The room was nice and clean and our bed was like home . We were there to celebrate Easter with friends and walked to several very friendly restaurants with great service and food. We picked this hotel after reading a review that said because they were not married they were given separate beds. How Cute!!!! Francesca has quite the sense of humor She 's professional and very courteous. Would definitely stay there again!!!	
Apr 9 2009 	We loved this hotel	This year we ventured to Chicago for springbreak - all 6 of us. That's me and my wife and 4 kids. We found this hotel on priceline for cheap then paid $$ for upgrade to a Celebrity Suite - more room. It's older but quite refined. It was not overly busy. One night we ate at the hotel's famous restaurant, the Pump Room, and we were the only ones dining. We ordered hamburgers ($14.00 each). In the mornings they have coffee for free in the Pump Room, it was Lilly Coffee from Italy- better than Starbucks. We never ate breakfast at the Pump Room but walked to Starbucks for breakfast and also used our kitchen a few times (there were no pots/pans or plating). This hotel has a great history and we are glad we visited. It is not a &quot;family&quot; place, however the staff was mostly delighted to see some kids around. There is nothing here special for your kids. Our kids loved the lobby area playing the piano and watching the fireplace. The guy at the frontdesk was a little prudish. I suppose that since we had kids, wanted hamburgers for dinner and were not familiar with the hotel's history it may have caused him to act this way. Culture was here just like anywhere in Chicago. We heard French &amp; Polish speaking folks in the elevator. My wife thinks she would like to return with just us so she could take it all in a bit slower. We stayed 3 nights and took the kids everyday to downtown muesuems and sightseeing. Lots of public transportation....This is not a trendy hot spot but has more of a old towne feel to it like Prague. We really loved that and appreciated it's charm. We would only recommend this hotel to a friend if there were looking for culture and not convenience. Due to it's slightly off location (from downtown) and age you might not be as fast of a traveler as opposed to a Michigan Mile hotel with full continental breakfast.	
Apr 2 2009 	Great Stay over New Year's	Stayed at Ambassador East over New Year's last year for a three day stay with friends. Hotel was just what the doctor ordered. Elegant Lobby and bar, well appointed rooms, good location. If staying for a couple days and do not need your car, ask the porter for the long term lot which is 20 per day. This Hotel is located in a north downtown neighborhood. We were in Chicago for a weekend get-away with another couple and were going for a neighborhood tour rather than a downtown experience. There were many restaurants nearby, a couple of breakfast places within walking distance, L station three blocks.Room decor was a little dated but comfortable. Not sure why people trash the place in reviews. We got a great rate on expedia, and it is set in a pretty elegant neighborhood.	
Mar 31 2009 	Great service in an old gem	This hotel was a bit frayed but still has the old charm of its past glory years. The service was truly outstanding and the location in the Gold Coast was great. The Pump Room (Bar) had a nice combo with a good singer but draws a very old crowd on the weekends. Also, the bar is very expensive we had two drinks and the tab was 27 dollars without tip. Don't eat in the dinning room at the hotel; Chicago has too many better places to eat which are only a couple of blocks from the hotel. In general this hotel has great service and a very knowledgeable Concierge staff (Chris Baum) which all adds up for a nice weekend place in Chicago.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great location warm personal service.	I love the great location near Oak Street and Michigan Ave. Staff was eager to help me with restaurant suggestions and any other requests that I had. Great singer in the Pump room.	
Mar 30 2009 	Boyfriend and I had to be	After signing in, Francesca at the front desk asked me if my &quot;friend&quot; (my boyfriend of 4 years) would be accompanying me in the room. Upon confirmation, she stated that she needed his name in the event that he lost a keycard. I said &quot;Robert Brown&quot; and she proclaimed, &quot;oh my! Mrs. Brown! Isn't that much better than Peterson?&quot; (referring to my maiden name) and then proceeded to wave her hands over us in psuedo-blessing stating, &quot;Don't worry, you're the second couple I've had to marry before allowing to stay together in this hotel.&quot;We were absolutely stunned. Was she kidding? It wasn't until we made it up to our hotel room that we realized she was not. I had specifically ordered a one-bed room and instead Francesca had seen fit to designate us to a two-bed room. It was not very fun to duck in and out of this hotel feeling judged and shame when we, personally, felt we had no reason to feel shame. We are both adults and are not married to other people and we live well. It was absolutely insane to have her personal Christian beliefs shoved down our throats. I can't even imagine that is legal.However, if you're already married and not outraged to the point of boycott by my story (which you should be), I would fully recommend this hotel.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great Hotel	This is a very classic hotel. Its close to a lot of shops and restaurants. Clean and comfortable. Some room are smaller the others. A very nice hotel.	
Mar 24 2009 	Very nice hotel just north of Water Tower	I put in a bid on Priceline.com for $90 and got this hotel. I ususlaly stay more in the center of things (Hyatt; Swisotel; Marriott-all on Michigan or Wacker and Michigan), so i was a little reluctant but committed pricewise. I checked online and was able to secure a free membership to the, &quot;I Prefer&quot; program before I went which entitled me to a free upgrade, which definitely panned out ( I ws assigned a king suite which was VERY sweet!) .The hotel is a nice ten minute walk from Water Tower Place and in a very tony , quiet neighborhood. The staff are extremely courteous-Pump Room a cool place to meet up with friends! If you need to park, just go kitty corner on State and you can park for $29 for 24 hours (and the parking staff was very friendly, too!)-a better deal than the hotel valet which was more like $40.	
Mar 17 2009 	Loved Chicago just not this hotel	My family and I enjoyed a nice St Patrick's weekend in Chicago and stayed at the Ambassador Hotel. The location and room rate were the things that were attractive to us. When we arrived we discovered the cost for parking at $45 per night! We did find $30 per night parking close by. The room provided was not very clean you could not look out the window, it was filthy. The room was noisy, old, worn-out and stale. I'm sure this was a great hotel 50 years ago.	
Mar 9 2009 	Amazing Service Location - Will Return	Upon check in - the lobby was BUSY! I was tired and not feeling well from a tough road show. The Front Desk person I checked in with was so fast and so nice that I walked away from the desk smiling... that alone was such a great feeling. Every time I had any experience with a hotel staff member, I was so pleased! I have to say - service really is everything to me and I have to give this top marks for that. An added bonus was the location... I just think it is perfect for me. On top of that, I had a meeting down in the loop, but not quite sure how to get there - a person approached me in the lobby, asked if he could help me get to my meeting. I thought he was getting me a taxi - but no - he walked me to his SUV and drove me to the meeting, &quot;just a free service from the hotel&quot; he stated as we drove... really!!!! so cool! I haven't even talked about the Pump Room yet - great dinner, very professional service, and no attitude.I will return - just up date the rooms a little bit, thats all... the curtains need some help.	
Mar 9 2009 	Loved the location	Everyone at the Abassador was very helpful and friendly, I highly recommend this hotel.	
Mar 4 2009 	Excellent friendly service	We booked through Hotwire, and were very pleased with the quality of service we received. It's a smaller hotel, and we stayed for several nights, so we quickly got to know most of the staff, and found them all to be friendly and helpful - a real bonus since we were traveling with a one-year old and need all the help we can get. The hotel is older, and could use some sprucing up, but overall it did not detract from our stay. The location is great - very central to restaurants and many cultural attractions. Would have liked to have free WiFi in the room, but there is a business center with free internet access. Breakfast at the hotel restaurant, the Pump Room, is excellent, but overpriced on the weekends.	
Mar 2 2009 	A fly in amber.	Staying here is a bit like visiting your elderly aunt with classic taste--all is elegant but nothing is new. The Ambassador East is a bit like a fly in amber--it is well kept, but nothing is updated. The location is wonderful--the immediate neighborhood is among the priciest in Chicago, and Rush Street bars are a block away, with Oak Street and North Michigan Avenue a ten minute walk away. Lake Michigan is within sight. And the Clark/Division L stop in the Red Line is but three blocks away.If you don't require modern, or even relatively new, there is a certainly faded elegance to the hotel. Hallways are bright and clean, and notably well lit. My room was a &quot;corner&quot; room, but only had one window. A 20 year old, 20 inch TV was in the huge armoire--the screen on my office computer is bigger--and the only flat screen is over the window. Beds are quite nice, though firmer than the newer cushy hotel beds. Bathroom is neither big nor small, and the toilet ran a bit. The heating unit at the window was a bit noisier than it should have been.Since I am a member of the Preferred loyalty program, I got upgraded, received chocolates, and was provided free wifi access. Not bad for $75 a night, given a promotion the hotel was running. Hotel is a great value with rates like that; less so at higher rates.The fitness room on 17th floor is barely adequate, with an elliptical better suited for a museum than a gym--it sounded like a pile driver as I exercised on it--and a bike and treadmill likely 20 years old. The hotel is a period piece, complete with one of the storied restaurants in Chicago, The Pump Room. At the right rate, it is worth a try. Clean, well located, and gracious, it is. Just decades away from new.	
Mar 2 2009 	Ambassador East is 'old Chicago' style we love it!	First time staying at the Ambassador East and we loved it. Myself, hubbie &amp; 17 year old daughter. On a visit to DePaul Univ. The hotel was a great location to Lincoln Park as well as MI Ave. for shopping and dining. Excellent spots right around the hotel to enjoy as well. We enjoyed a taste of old Chicago in the Pump Room Sat. night with drinks and dancing. Three of us stayed in a corner double room and it was perfect. Big walk in closet and plenty of bathroom counter space. We look forward to staying at the Ambassador East again!	
Feb 27 2009 	a lovely old hotel in a quiet neighborhood	This is a very nice place to stay. This was my second time staying at the Ambassador East. Both times I have taken advantage of special deals and have stayed at a very reasonable rate (under $100). The hotel is clean, quiet, and quite charming. It's an easy walk to the loop, to Old Town, and to Lincoln Park. Public transportation is also right nearby. On this last trip, we walked to a fabulous restaurant for dinner and to an even better restaurant for breakfast--both in Old Town. There are a lot of really good restaurants, shops, and movie theaters in easy walking distance (10-20 minute walks), but the hotel itself is on a very quiet sidestreet. I've recommended this spot to several of my friends.	
Feb 24 2009 	Hidden Gem	Best value in Chicago. Great food, drink and entertainment. Great location. Friendly. Very comfortable.	
Feb 16 2009 	ROMANCE at AMBASSADOR EAST!	Loved the Ambassador East! It's a great place for a romantic getaway! Reminded me of what Chicago in the 30's and 40's was probably like....very beautiful old hotel - clean and well maintained. Staff was excellent and very accomodating.Also, loved the Pump Room - wonderful food and jazz singer - Nan Mason -was really good.The hotel is right in the middle of the Gold Coast - so you can see multi-million dollar brownstones. It's very quiet - but just a short walk to Michigan Ave or Rush/Division area.We've been to Chicago many times, and would choose the Ambassador East again! Lovely!	
Feb 12 2009 	A Real Get-a-way Close to Home	My husband and I booked this hotel to celebrate my birthday. Although we are from the suburbs, we wanted to enjoy a weekend in the city. We really wanted to feel like we were &quot;away&quot; from the regular day to day.This was a perfect choice! First, we love the neighborhood it in: close to many restaurants and beautiful homes. When we walked in the lobby, I thought: THIS is what a hotel lobby should be. The staff was warm and friendly and obviously love their job. We adored the decor and found it absolutely charming. Right off the lobby is the historic Pump Room where we enjoyed drinks before going out to dinner and then went back again for breakfast the next day. There is no comparing the Pump Room to anywhere else-besides AMAZING food, it was fun to wander around and see all the photos of the famous people who come here to dine. We thoroughly enjoyed the weekend and it made my birthday that much more special! Thank you!	
Feb 5 2009	Top Choice Hotel	The Ambassador East Hotel is my favorite hotel in the Gold Coast area of Chicago. I love the European Charm and the elegance as well as the convenience to the Magnificent Mile. The property and rooms are always clean and fresh!	
Feb 3 2009 	Fabulous Find!	We love this hotel and stay there while visiting family in Chicago. Rooms are clean and well decorated. Staff is great! The location is great - within walking distance of Water Tower Place, shopping, restaurants and bars. We always stay at this hotel when in Chicago.	
Jan 25 2009	Pretty good	My feeling about this hotel is very positive based on what we paid for our stay.Like others we also booked this hotel through Priceline. We arrived and checked in with no problem - we parked several blocks away on the street to avoid the $45 valet fee. At $20 or $25 dollars we would have just used the valet but frankly if we wanted we could have hired a cab to take us back and forth to our car for about $5.00 a trip had we not been willing to walk. You have to be careful with parking - most of the immediate area requires a permit so pay attention to the signs before you leave your car. The staff was always wonderful - welcoming &amp; helpful. We did not eat at the Pump Room but did go there for a drink after we returned from Wicked. They had a nice jazz band and again the staff was attentive and accomdating. Our bill for one glass of house cab and one well drink with house whiskey was just over $20 not including the tip. Our room was on the smaller side with not such a fantastic view - but it did appear clean and was appointed nicely though I would agree with others that the room decor (in contrast to the lobby) does seem a bit dated. Here are the little thigs - in our bathroom there absolutely was not enough counter space and the bathroom itself was small and hard to accomodate just two people trying to get ready to leave. The toilet seat hinge was broken in one place - it did not seem to bother the function but just looked bad. Our mattress pad came off both the top two corners of the bed and on one side was badly torn which is what appeared to keep it from staying on. There was no fitted sheet - just a top sheet lying over the mattress pad so the problem continued throughout the night..And here was my biggest issue - the curtains used to actually keep light out were broken, dirty and did not cover then entire window. There was either a gap in the center or on the right. All in all we enjoyed our stay - we went up to see Wicked and spent most of our time out of the room so the size, view &amp; even bathroom were not that much of an issue. Had we paid the listed price, brought our son with us, or had a longer stay these small issues would have likely been far more of a problem. And we really can't say enough about the staff - they were all truly great.	
Jan 20 2009	As always an great stay	I always enjoy my stay. Excellent and comfortable accommodations, perfect location, friendly and helpful staff. Brendon was especially helpful and I'd look foward to seeing him on my next visit even though he's a Sox fan and I'm a Cubs fan.	
Jan 19 2009 	Get what you pay for.	I have stayed at this property several times in the past few months. They frequently are the &quot;3 star hotel&quot; that pops up on Priceline. The staff is very accomodating, lobby is very comfortable (w a fireplace in the winter). The rooms are very dated. I generally get a spacious room, but they all seem to be very worn. But, they seem to be clean and the beds are comfy, so when I pay less than $70 (this week $55) I don't complain. A couple tips - great restaurants within east walking distance - for great corned beef and lots of it try the Dublin Cafe (right behind Gibson's). There's also a Jewel close by if you want to get groceries or snacks. The Red Line is a few blocks away so commuting downtown is a breeze. And, if you need a ride, you can generally snag the town car if he's available. Just ask the bellman.	
Jan 19 2009 	Great hotel	This is a great hotel. Easy to park and walk to many fun locations. The staff is great. The Pump Room has a lot of history (phil collins named an album after an experience there) and they make a great martini for only $12.Our room was clean and had more room than expected. Elevators were decent. Ask the desk about parking at the Ambassador lodge? lot behind the hotel. It's a short walk north and is only $24/day- heated too.State and Division is only a couple blocks south. Highly recommend PT Clarks a couple blocks south of the hotel on State. Good food and nice atmosphere. The L is also close by to go downtown or up to Wrigleyville.Can't wait to stay here again.	
Jan 12 2009	Ambassador EASY Hotel	My wife and I have both been under a great deal of stress in our jobs recently and needed a relaxing getaway. From the time we drove up to the beautiful front of this gem of a hotel to the time we reluctantly had to leave, we were pampered at each and every turn, from a smiling, pleasant and prompt check-in to a wonderful evening in the Pum[p Room with dining and dancing; from the beautifully appointed rooms to the wonderful fireplace room off the main lobby, all was first rate. My wife said that it felt as though we had gone back in time to a kindler, gentler more grand place in history. We will definitely return to Chicago, if for no other reason than to visit The Ambassador East Hotel again.Bob and Pam	
Jan 6 2009 	Really needs updating!!!!	Stayed her for a Christmas break. The hotel is in a great location, the bars and restaraunts in the neighbourhood were great. The hotel lobby and The Pump Room were great and looked good. The staff were very friendly at the hotel. It was only about a 15 min walk to the Magnificent Mile. The rooms really let this hotel down. The room we stayed in was spacious, liked the walk in closet. The problem was everything was very tired and old. The bath had cracks in and was rusting. The carpets just looked unclean, like they need repalcing. One of the bath robes that were left in the room had a very noticable stain across the bottom of it (housekeeping did change this). The furniture was very threadbare. the room was ok for a short stay, but I would not return to this hotel while it's rooms are so badly in need of a rennovation. It was a bit of a let down after seeing the outside of the hotel looking good, going through a nice lobby, nice hallways and then getting to the room which seems to let down the overall image of the hotel. As I said great location, good lobby, restaraunt and bar. The poor condition of the room we stayed in would mean we would not stay here again.	
Jan 5 2009 	Great Spot for the money	This hotel was just what I expected: a classic who's beauty has faded a bit.We stayed 2 nights this past weekend. I got the room for $73 per nigth includeing all taxes and fees on Priceline. We arrived around noon on Friday and were given a room off a narrow corridor that looked out over the alley.As I mentioned she shows signs of wear. This was true of the carpet and furniture but the bedding was good quality. The TV was a 17 inch tube that served the purpose. We weren't there to watch TV. The room and bath were fine. Nothing huge or fancy just functional which is all we required.We parked across the street at an open lot for $29 per day. The hotel was charging $45 per day.This hotel is 4-5 blocks from the red line that will take you north to Wrigleyville or the Briar Street Theater to see the Blue man Group which why were in town or south to the Mag Mile.We used transit our whole time there and found it convenient. We shopped and had lunch on Michigan Ave. The Elephant and Castle pub on Huron just east if Michigan Ave had the best Shepards Pie.I would not hesitate to bid a 3* hotel again in the North Michigan Ave area bassed on our experience with the Ambassador East!	
Jan 4 2009 	Enjoyed the old world charm of the Ambassador East	We took the train into the city and were allowed to check in to our room early. The room wsa very clean and comfortable. The desk staff were friendly and helpful. The old world charm of this hotel has been maintained well. The neighborhood its in is quiet and we were comfortable walking in the evenng with our 8 y/o grandaughter and family to find a place to eat. Its a short walk to the Michagan Mile about (15 minutes) We do plan on returning.	
Jan 4 2009 	Friendly Old School Hotel	I had an absolutely delightful week-long stay at the Ambassador East attending a workshop at Second City. The location is a wonderful in the heart of the Gold Coast, a quiet residential neighborhood filed with brownstones and apartments that is terrific for strolling. It is about 2 blocks north of restaurants/bars/shops on Rush and 2 blocks east of restaurants/bars/shops on Wells - close enough to be convenient to N. Michigan shopping and Lakeview/Wrigleyville nightlife but far enough away to be quiet. No need for a car, convenient to both the El and the #22 bus line running 24/hrs a block away on Clark, or a short cab ride, Large room (#944 if I remember correctly) with a comfortable bed and terrific view of Chicago. Very clean, plenty of closet / storage space. The Pump Room was fun for a drink, and I had breakfast there one day (it is about 50% pricier than a comparable breakfast at nearby coffee shops, but the atmosphere is much nicer). Friendly staff, and no sense of &quot;oh, you've booked thru Expedia so we'll treat you as a second class customer feeling&quot; - in fact, when I checked in the attendant commented noted that she's give me a bit larger room since I was staying for a week. The negatives? Scuff marks along the base boards, lack of counter space in the bathroom which needed updating. The old-fashioned feel (which I thought was a plus) might not be everyone's taste, but I had a wonderful stay. Booked through Expedia, for my $100 budget in Chicago, I was expecting a room in a cheap motel and instead found this delightful old school hotel. I thought this place was a terrific bargain, albeit with a flaw or two, but I'll be back.	
Dec 31 2008 	Old fashioned emphasis on the OLD	My husband and I stayed here for the week of Christmas 2008 and were very very disappointed. Aside from the excellent location, friendly and helpful staff and the old fashioned beauty of the lobby (decorated wonderfully for the holidays), this hotel is sorely in need of renovation and restoration. While our room was large, it was dirty and worn (our carpets had multiple large stains and the upholstery on the arm chair was threadbare). The bathroom floor was dingy and the tub was scarred and dingy as well. They don't have enough lighting in the roms, so it was always dim and dark and overall it was very sparsely furnished. But I suppose what was most distressing to us was that the night we arrived the fitted sheet on our bed had a small stain and so did two of our (supposedly fresh) towels in the bathroom. These were not light stains, but dark, noticeable stains. I have a very hard time believing that hotel staff did not notice these stains when cleaning the room prior to our arrival. So while, this hotel has a wonderful history and must have been quite a spectacular place in it's day, it is clearly time for management to do an overhaul and bring this place back to it's former glory. If you like old historic hotels, I would recommend visiting the lobby and legendary Pump Room for a drink or dinner, but spending the night somewhere else.	
Dec 29 2008 	Love the Ambassador East	My family and I stayed at the Ambassador East over Christmas and had a wonderful experience. This is the 2nd time that my husband and I have stayed here. The location is so wonderful - you're close to Michigan Avenue and tons of bars and restaurants. Especially when the weather is nicer, it is a wonderful location to easily walk from to basically anything in Chicago. The staff is terrific. They are extremely friendly and accomodating. The first time my husband and I stayed here, it was for a wedding. Our flight was majorly delayed the night we were leaving and so we asked about availability in case our flight was cancelled and we needed an extra night. The rate was nearly $150 more than what the wedding rate we had for the previous nights. So, they offered us to stay there that night at the discounted wedding rate. The hotel couldn't be any more charming. It's an old Chicago boutique hotel and you feel like you're there only with modern ammenities. Definitely try out the Pump Room - not only is it super historic, the food is great too. My husband and I will definitely stay at the Ambassador East any time we travel to Chicago.	
Dec 16 2008 	Absolute Delight	Date stayed Dec.12 and13th. What an old world charm hotel away from the hustle and bustle. Only a short walk to Mag. Mile and Rush Street nightlife. Staff was superb from the bellman to front desk. Our corner room on 15th floor had view of lake and downtown. Nicely appointed and very clean. Small bath only issue, but no big deal. Nice work out area, business center. We have stayed a couple of times and will again for sure. Great stay and value.	
Dec 10 2008 	Enjoyed the stay	We found a great price on travelzoo for this hotel. We attended a fundraising event in Chicago, and decided to make a weekend getaway out of it. The hotel has a great location, if you want to be by Rush and Division / N Michigan ave. this is not a luxury hotel, however, it gives you everything you need. The service was friendly and the rooms were decent size. The place needs some updating, however, we were only in our rooms to sleep each night. Otherwise, we were enjoying the great city of Chicago!	
Dec 9 2008 	Terrific Location	I always enjoy staying at the Ambassador East. The location is terrific and the staff is warm, friendly, and helpful.	
Dec 7 2008 	Great location great hotel	We spent the weekend in Chicago for my wife's birthday and chose the Ambassador for its location and its ambience. The staff was friendly and helpful, the Pump Room was superb as I remembered from earlier visits. We enjoyed a leisurely dinner the night of our arrival and never felt the least bit rushed. Walking distance to both the Miracle Mile and Old Town - two of our favorite places - on a brisk winter day made for a wonderful weekend.	
Dec 1 2008 	Thanksgiving at Chicago's Ambassador East	What a lovely and gracious hotel in a charming location! Chicago's Ambassador East was beautifully decorated for the holidays. We enjoyed a glass of wine in front of the fireplace our first night. The staff is so helpful--the concierge (Christopher) helped us get dinner reservations on Thanksgiving night. The dining room and bar area are so elegant yet most inviting.We will definitely return ~	
Nov 25 2008 	Would stay again 	Every year, the women in my family do a girls shopping weekend somewhere. We chose Chicago this year and decided to stay at the Ambassador East. We were not disappointed! It was truly a wonderful hotel, with great staff, large rooms, large bathrooms, and just an overall feeling of being welcomed &amp; appreciated. We are already planning on coming back and staying at this hotel! The only thing to complain about was the high cost of parking, but we found a garage nearby that was half the cost, so I can't even really complain about that. Overall, we had an excellent experience at this hotel and I am so happy we stayed here. Oh - the walk to the Michigan Mile was not bad at all, as the stores &amp; buildings along the way were very scenic and enjoyable.	
Nov 24 2008 	Above and beyond expectations!	As it was our first time naming our own price via Priceline, my Girlfriend and I were a little skeptical about the hotel we were automatically reserved. To be honest, the pictures on the official hotel website make the Ambassador East seem a bit folksy--a bit older than we were hoping. We also noticed it's distance from the Magnificent Mile, something we were hoping to be on top of.Oh well.But upon arrival, our expectations had not only been met, they were shattered. Of coarse, the Christmas decorations made it seem more fanciful, but the lobby was gorgeous and the staff were incredibly courteous. Check in was a breeze and consisted little more than receiving the keys to our room and heading up the elevator. When we entered the room, any regret of saving a buck had vanished.For being in an older building, the rooms were kept very well. They were very spacious with tonnes of room to lay bags down, spread out, and move around without bumping into things. The furniture was nice and comfortable, especially the great king sized bed. The sheets and pillows were clean and comfortable. And possibly my girlfriend's favorite aspect, the bathroom was huge and bright. Although the shower head wasn't the best, it was clean and the water was hot. Pretty much everything you'd want in a good, clean room. The best part was our view. Understandably, not every room will have such a beautiful view, but we had a clear shot of the Chicago skyline including the Hancock.Though most of the time in Chicago was spent out and about and not in our hotel, it was great to see such friendly and helpful staff when we did return. There was almost always a doorman standing outside the main entrance, and the inclusion of outdoor heaters was nice while waiting for a taxi (which the doorman gladly hailed for us). This was something I didn't see even at the glitzier hotels like the Marriott on the Magnificent Mile. The concierge always answered our questions and helped us find a great spot for the Lights Festival parade and a few great local restaurants for breakfast.All in all, I've never had such a pleasant experience in a hotel stay before. I'd love to return to the Ambassador East on my next trip to Chicago, and I will most definitely recommend it to others.	
Nov 20 2008 	classic treasure	I love the Ambassador East, true, she's a little old but she's a classic treasure. The service is wonderful, from the minute you arrive you are greeted warmly and with a nice welcome! I felt the service was good, room was clean and quiet and that all the staff was very accomodating. The biggest gem is the Pump Room bar and restaurant. The best drinks, amazing food, exciting photographs and fun music on the weekends. This is set in the most fabulous location; historical neightborhood, close to walk the lakefront, well known hometown bars, excellent restaurants Chicago has to offer and most of all shopping. There was a nice street market going on over the summer-fall weekends, giving this area a real interesting flavor of Chicago. I can see it needs some updating but I was totally happy and content with my stay. I travel a great deal in my work and have seen all kinds of hotels. I will stay here again in the future.	
Nov 17 2008 	Loved the Ambassador East	My stay at the Ambassador East was great! The hotel is in a great location in the charming Gold Coast neighborhood of downtown Chicago. Gave me the feeling of staying in a Chicago neighborhood vs. the concrete jungle of downtown, but the Magnificent Mile and Rush Street are just a few blocks from the front door. The staff was very friendly. Also, really enjoyed having drinks in the historic Pump Room. They had a live band on Saturday, and I really enjoyed looking at the pictures of the celebrities throughout the lounge that visited from years gone by. Definitely recommend it.	
Nov 10 2008 	Colossal Disappointment	The Ambassador East is old, tired, and inconsistent in its professionalism. The rooms, which have been advertised as “newly refurbished,” feature small TV’s, water-mark stained furniture, and fixtures that were new in the Nixon administration. With regards to the staff, the porter, Jerry, was a consummate professional, as were a few of the door men; but the young men behind the desk just seemed upset that they had to deal with people to do their job. The bed did not have a fitted sheet, just a flat sheet that left my feet and calves on a dirty mattress pad. The exercise facility, which I was told over the phone had at least seven aerobic machines, sported only three in poor repair.Let me be honest. If I were in my 80’s and had stayed at the AE when I was a younger man, perhaps I would have fond memories of the old gal. But as I am not, it just came across like a 65-year-old prostitute with too much makeup and a rip in her fishnets trying to get me to buy her a drink. I paid $300 per night, and I realize Chicago ain’t cheap, but this was the lowest bang for my buck I have experienced in some time.	
Nov 4 2008	Failed to meet expectations- outdated dirty poor service	I used to live in Chicago, and I came back for a friend’s wedding. I booked through Hotwire requesting a 4-star hotel. I have stayed at hostels cleaner than this and had better service. First, on the AE hotel website, it suggests signing up for the Iprefer club, where you can get upgrades and extras when available. When we checked in, I let them know I was an Iprefer member and asked if any upgrades were available. The gentleman simply looked at me and told me he “didn’t think so” without even checking. Maybe I didn’t fit the image of their target market and didn’t qualify for an upgrade. Secondly, when we got up to the room, we noticed that the room was extremely outdated and the sheets were ripped and dirty. There was blood on the comforter. Not a lot, but still disgusting. We asked to have them changed, which was done. Third, the bathtub did not drain. After taking a shower, I had dirty, soapy water up to my ankles. We asked about 2-3 times to have them fix the problem and they finally fixed it for the last night we were there. I parked a car in their garage for 1 night and they charged us for 2. Upon checkout, I let them know about how unpleasant the stay was. The gentleman initially was only going to take off 1 day of parking, but after a discussion, he took off both. That was the least they could have done especially since I only parked 1 night. I have never dealt with such terrible service. I even called later to complain, and I was told the manager would call me back. I still haven’t heard from them. I will never stay here again.	
Nov 3 2008	Bloody towel	When stepping out of the shower and taking a towel off the towel bar, unfolded the towel to discover that it was BLOODY! Presented it to the front desk who assured me that management would get back to me. Two days later (no surprise) management had not called so I called them. They offered to credit my bill for a glass of wine that I had in the evening! I was appalled, and when I told them this, they finally took 20% off the room rate however I found this completely unsatisfactory.	
Nov 3 2008	Halloween weekend was outstanding at the Ambassador East Chicago	Absolutely wonderful!!! Every Halloween weekend my family and freinds spend the night at a hotel so that we could meet up in costume then visit one of the clubs there after. Your holel was so accomodating. All my friends and family that stayed in your hotel enjoyed it. The Celebrity Suite was perfect as a meeting place! The room had 1 dining room, a large living room, a bedroom, a kitchenette, and 2 nice bathrooms!! Breakfast was outstanding (the eggs benedict were the best). All our other guests who stopped by were also very impressed. We all agreed that the Abassador East hotel is the place to stay next year to celebrate our annual Halloween spookathon!! Our only complaint was the parking in the Ambassador Garage ran out early so some of our friends and family had to find parking elsewhere.	
Oct 28 2008	The Ambassador East is a Classic	A friend and I chose this hotel based on an excellent promotional offering and we were not disappointed. The premises were classy and the guest room was very clean and comfortable and of a very decent size. The Ambassador East is slightly north of the shopping on Michigan Ave., but a very easy bus ride away from the shopping and museums etc. We would definitely consider staying at this hotel on a return visit to Chicago.	
Oct 21 2008 	Ambassador East "WHAT A JEWEL"	What a great hotel. My wife and I stayed there about 10 years ago when I was there for business. This time we stayed for 5 nights. Had business for a couple days and the remaining time was pleasure. Was also there for my wife 42nd class reunion. OK, the hotel might need just a little remodeling, but it is still elegant. But the service, from check in to check out, from concierge to the bell man, everything there was magnificent. You will never find a hotel with better service, it was impeccable. The location is phenominal. Just a couple of blocks to the heart of the city. Many restaurants within walking distance. If you ever go to Chicago and want to stay at a beautiful hotel, stay here. Also, I priced the hotel on every website possible and wasn't going to stay there, but I decided to call the hotel directly, and believe it or not, the price was much less expensive than booking on hotels.com etc. I give this hotel a AAA+++.Jeff from California	
Oct 14 2008	will return	our second time here in 1 year will definetly return.....terrific service and staff	
Oct 14 2008	Beautiful classy old hotel	I just returned from staying 3 days Ambassador East in Chicago. The hotel is very nice, beautiful for an older hotel in a great neighborhood. The lady who checked me in was new, but very friendly and efficient. The doormen were all very polite. The Pump Room is very elegant and it was quite a pleasure to have breakfast there. The presentation was so nice that you hated to take something and mess it up. Service was prompt and not intrusive at all. At over $25, it was overpriced. The internet price that I paid for the room was $119 per night which was more than reasonable. Overall I would say this is one of the nicest hotels I have stayed at for the price. They could do a better job of maintenance.	
Oct 14 2008 	Fantastic Location	The Ambassador East hotel is located in the posh, beautiful neighborhood of Gold Coast. It is two blocks from the lake and about a 15 minute walk to Michigan Ave (Magnificent Mile).The Hotel is surrounded by amazing homes with gorgeous architecture. It is very quiet and tranquil, yet so close to great restaurants and nightlife. The rooms are nice and clean, the staff super friendly, the amentities great. We had a suite (for 3 people) and the sofabed and king bed were very comfortable. Nearby restaurants that have great food at great prices are:Marios - Italian foodChipotle - MexicanCorner Bakery - great for breakfeastI will absolutely stay at this hotel again on my next trip to Chicago!!	
Oct 8 2008	great value	Ambassador East is on a quiet side street just north of Water Tower and great shopping. The staff was friendly and efficient. The rooms are clean but small. Overall it's a great hotel for the price.	
Sep 25 2008 	Loved it loved it loved it!	I chose this hotel based on reading past reviews and we couldn't have been happier. Everyone in our party thought it was fabulous and you just cannot find a better, more friendly staff, from the doorman to the front desk! The street it's on is beautiful, lined with trees and flowers and it is located close to everything! We were there during the &quot;flood of Sept. '08&quot;, where it rained for 3 days straight and still had a blast. We HIGHLY recommend this hotel to anyone.P.S. yes, the bathrooms are small but how much time does one spend in the bathroom??	
Sep 24 2008	Ambassador East Review	Quaint boutique hotel nicely located at the north end of the Magnificent Mile (Michigan Ave). Excellent service, quiet neighborhood, good atmosphere/food at the Pump Room restaurant and lounge, nearby parking (at a reasonable price), well-appointed rooms, and great restaurants within walking distance on Rush Street. Stayed in both a suite and a king-bed standard room and both were clean, comfortable, and had a nice old-world atmosphere. Would highly recommend.	
Sep 22 2008 	Satisfied Customer	We stayed at the Ambassador East for a weekend gettaway and we were quite satisfied. We booked off of priceline and for under $200/night, what more could we ask for? The location is great (very close to the Magnificent Mile, Rush Street, the Subway) with a lot of sites within walking distance, and the best part is that at the same time it's in a quiet little pocket of the city.  If you love being waited on hand and foot and like extravagance then this is not the hotel for you. But if you are looking for value and cleanliness, an elegant charm, in a great location, with a friendly knowledgeable staff then I think you will enjoy the Ambassador East!	
Sep 8 2008 	Lovely Hotel Overall	We stayed 3 nights, 4 days in Chicago at the Ambassador East. It is a decent hotel, overall. There was one person at the desk who was &quot;eh&quot; but everyone else was super nice and super helpful. The location is really good...walking through charming residential neighborhoods on our way to the Magnificent Mile. I used the gym also everyday we were there and that is decent. A couple of exercise bikes, Elliptical &amp; 2 treadmills, it also has free weights &amp; some other weight lifting machines. There are some areas that could be given some TLC of the Ambassador East but it is clean and really nice, plus the hotel is an old building- i think a landmark of sorts. The bed was super comfy as well.	
Sep 2 2008 	FHM Ambassador East Hotel is Wonderful	My husband and I stayed at the FHM Ambassador East hotel for our 5th Anniversary. The hotel is very unique and beautiful! The staff was absolutely wonderful! Everyone was very nice and wished us a Happy Anniversary! We had a great time! We highly recommend this hotel and would love to stay ourselves again! Thank you!!!	
Sep 1 2008 	location location location	Be prepared the hotel is old. It is on the historic list. The is updating to be done no doubt.. So just be forewarned. It is clean and the staff is phenomenal.Having said that, you can not beat the location. Right in the heart of the Gold coast. Take a train from O'hare right into the city. It drops you off only 4 blocks from the hotel. One block from the beach and public transportation is right there. Incredible area to explore.I highly recommend the Ambassador East	
Aug 30 2008	great location lacking in other areas	I stayed at this hotel as part of a wedding group and it was my first visit to Chicago. The location was great; the area charming, restaurants and shops, even a farmer's market on Saturday morning, within walking distance. I was, however, extremely disappointed with check-in and front desk service. I arrived early, and while completely understanding that my room wasn't available, let them know I would return after a planned wedding activity, about 5:00 p.m. Returning between 5:30 and 6:00 p.m. I was told a room still wasn't available, only one room in the category I'd chosen and it wasn't ready due to &quot;a full house the night before, a full house that night, and late check outs.&quot; Their best offer at that point was a lesser room or waiting. Declining the lesser room, after about 10 minutes, the front desk clerk said the room was ready and gave me the keys. I arrived at the room to find housekeeping still there. Back at the front desk they remained relatively unsympathetic to a tired traveler, finally offering a small monetary discount off the first, of three, nights. The room was nice but with obvious wear (torn upholstery) and an extremely small bathroom. My experience didn't improve on checking out. My bill had the incorrect nightly rate and when I mentioned the discount for the first night, the clerk ask &quot;who I'd spoken with&quot; as if I was making it up. Talk about adding insult to injury!	
Aug 30 2008 	Nice Hotel	I was looking for a reasonably priced hotel in/near downtown for the 4th of July holiday, and I found it with the Ambassador East. As others have noted here, the neighborhood is pleasant, and it's a short walk to where you want to go. It's a couple of blocks to the red line subway, but, surprisingly, I hardly used it because it was such a pleasure to walk everywhere. I didn't think it was too difficult to get to/from the hotel using the orange &amp; red subway lines from Midway airport. Then again, I only had one small suitcase &amp; do not have limited mobility. I typically don't opt for elegance or luxury when I travel, since I don't spend a whole lot of time in the hotel. The first impression at the Ambassador's lobby is elegant, however, with plenty of marble &amp; crystal throughout. Nice, I thought, but I wouldn't be living there, so how about the room? I found it to be quite comfortable, and I couldn't believe I scored such a decent room in downtown Chicago for well under $100/night. The chairs &amp; carpet showed signs of wear, but they weren't objectionable (if I'd paid a lot for the room, I would object). The bed was comfortable and adorned with an abundance of pillows.  The staff was very helpful and courteous. They let me store my suitcase there all day after I'd checked out so I could get in some more sightseeing before my late afternoon flight. Free internet is available in the business center.  Overall, I enjoyed my stay in the Ambassador East and would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 26 2008 	Great hotel	Booked a room online and got a great rate under $200 which is very cheap for a summer hotel room in Chicago in this nice location, 3 blocks I think from the water.Even though our rate was so cheap, the service was wonderful, the front desk were polite&amp; cheerful, the doormen and valet were great and helpful, and they even put a fridge in our room when we requested on, free of charge! The fitness room was clean, large and provided fruit and clean towels, and it had the greatest view of the city as it was on the top floor of the hotel. Location of hotel is safe, and such a beautiful area. Check the rates directly online of the hotel's website, as it was the least expensive. We will stay here again for sure.	
Aug 20 2008 	Awuful Service at the Ambassador	the only reason I'm giving this hotel 2 stars is that the doormen were extremely nice and helpful. Otherwise, the services was terrible. We booked thru Priceline and got a room at $200. We then called to ask for 2 double beds. They only had a king bed and told us that the upgrade would be $20 extra and we could call closer to the date to see if any opened up. Meanwhile they assured us that we would have a roll a way waiting for us in the room.-Day before arrives and called to see again, if any double bed rooms opened up. The lady said they had &quot;changed their policy regarding Price Line Customers&quot; and it would be an extra $100. and they were going to try to sell the room at $300. When we asked about the cot, she again quoted the &quot;change in policy&quot; and could not guarantee. Finally, when we arrived and requested the cot, it took 3 phone calls and most of the day for the cot to arrive. As for the room, it was fine, nothing special, ice machines were only on 2 floors. Elevator was tiny, and the bathrooms were small. They definitely should not advertise on Priceline etc, if they have such obvious dislike for those customers.	
Aug 15 2008 	AMbassador East needs work	A large group from my company stayed at the Ambassador East in the beginning of May. The hotel has good bones but is in serious need of renovations. I'll just list a few problems and please keep in mind I am NOT a picky traveller. Wallpaper in the room was literally falling off the wall at point. The room shapes and sizes were abnormal and generally very small. The bathroom was very old and not very clean. The rooms need redoing, there is no way around it. It looks as though not a cent has been spent on updating the hotel in 30 years. The staff at the hotel was pretty great. The front desk personell were super friendly and helpful. The valet staff could have been nicer but weren't terrible. The hotel is located in a beautiful neighborhood just a block from &quot;rush and DIvision&quot; , a great little strip of bars. Rish Street also has a ton of great restaurants, this is where you want to be if you like going out to eat.	
Aug 4 2008 	The Ambassador East Hotel - Chicago	The Ambassador East Hotel is the place to stay when you are visiting Chicago for fun or business. The style and design from the 1930's are unrivaled. We love this hotel and will continue to visit everytime we come the the Chicago area! GIVE IT A TRY, YOU WILL LOVE IT!!!	
Aug 1 2008	Great hotel in an off the beat location	Everyone was very friendly and helpful. Our room was near the elevator, I figured it would be noisy, but I don't think I heard it much at all. The train was within walking distance. I 'd definitely stay again.	
Jul 31 2008 	I found the hotel a great experience	I found the Ambassador East Hotel a real gem. It is in a great area of town, close to the lake for running, walking, and biking, as well as being situated in one of the best neighborhoods in Chicago, the Gold Coast.The hotel is well maintained with the staff warm and friendly. I was in Chicago for business so I wasn't able to take advantage of all the amenities the hotel has to offer. I did use the fitness facility on the top floor and it was well maintained with good equipment to use. Apples and oranges were also available there.The bed was very comfortable, the bathroom a little small but fine for my use, soaps and shampoo of good quality. New carpet throughout and my room was quiet - I didn't hear other guests or the elevator even though I was right next to it.I didn't need ice but I think I noticed that ice dispensers were only on the 8th and 9th floors. I was on the 12th floor.I will return to the hotel when in Chicago.	
Jul 29 2008 	ambassador east disappoints	We were disappointed overall . The staff was very friendly, professional, &amp; efficient. The common areas were lovely but aging. The Pump Room seems to have lost some of it's charm. It was closed for events much of the weekend leaving no where to eat or drink in the hotel. The hotel doesn't even have any drink machines. Our room was not acceptable. The carpets had large stains as did the furniture. The bathtub had mildew &amp; was so small &amp; the toilet so close to the wall you have to sit at an angle.The dust ruffle looked as if someone had been ill &amp; was left soiled. This particular room was REALLY small &amp; you could barely walk between the end of the bed &amp; the entertainment ctr. without getting bumped. Altogether overpriced for what we got. Check rooms before accepting !	
Jul 25 2008 	Ambassador Class	My wife and I stayed at the Ambassador East from the 17th to the 23rd. I had only been there once before for a Thanksgiving dinner at the Pump Room some years ago. The dinner was amazing but that's another story. The hotel is in a wonderful location in a tony neighborhood, on a tree lined street just west of Lake Shore Drive. The building is classic Chicago architecture and the reception is classic Chicago as well. The staff was friendly, helpful and went out of their way to make our stay memorable. I think it’s the little things that a well run hotel does that make the stay special. And the Ambassador East is certainly well run. The woman who took care of our room always greeted us with a smile and a hello whenever she saw us. A small thing but one that's appreciated. Another actually not so small thing: I mentioned upon check in that we were celebrating our 8th wedding anniversary and the check in clerk made a point of saying &quot;Happy Anniversary.&quot; Then, when we returned to our room from dinner that first night, we found an anniversary card, a bottle of champagne on ice and a plate of chocolate covered strawberries waiting in our room! How about that for attention to detail? As for the room itself, it was comfortable, well appointed well kept and the bed was wonderful...wish we could have taken it with us. The other thing worth mentioning is that the Pump Room is still the Pump Room. We had breakfast there several mornings and the food and service were top notch. I should mention that the hotel bar is also a must visit. The walls there are covered with photos of the rich and famous patrons of the past and make for interesting browsing as you enjoy a cocktail. Bottom line? If you're weary of the high tech, overly hip hotels that seem to be the norm in Chicago today, you might want to slip back in time at the Ambassador East and find out what first class service was meant to be.	
Jul 18 2008	Great experience at the Ambassador	This is an upscale hotel with very friendly, efficient, and helpful staff. The common areas are tastefully decorated and there is a definite feel of luxury. The standard rate would have been too high for us, but we were able to find fabulous mid-week rates. After we booked our original reservation with Travelocity, we found out we needed an additional room. We went to the hotel's own website and found a very reasonable nightly rate that was better even than the Travelocity rate. All in all, we feel that we got very good value for the money we spent. It was a great time for us!	
Jul 15 2008 	Great hotel in Chicago!	We booked this place on Expedia without having been to Chicago, or knowing the city at all. As it turned out, we couldn't have picked a better place! Location is fantastic, with Michigan Avenue only a short (and nice!) walk away, the subway is only a few blocks away, and the lake is just around the corner. The area is lovely and full of places to eat and drink. The hotel itself is very nice -- we stayed for 5 nights and our room was a good size, with a nice bathroom. The hotel felt very clean, and the staff were friendly -- we didn't use any services, or eat in the restaurant/breakfast but judging by the other experiences in the hotel I'm sure these were fine. The only negative thing I can say is that the airconditioning in the bedroom was quite loud (but that might be more due to the fact that I am not used to having one in the bedroom). Also, phone charges were very expensive -- everyone knows that hotel phones are notoriously expensive, but there charges were excessive. Other than that, however, we had a fantastic stay and I would recommend the Ambassador East to anyone.	
Jul 8 2008 	Exquisite and Comfortable	I was pleased in almost every way with the Ambassador East. The staff was extremely friendly and accomodating from the moment I arrived. The classic feel of the hotel does not feel stale in the least. My room was clean as a whistle and extremely comfortable. The maid service was sharp and the tiled bathroom was spotless. My only qualms were the price of valet parking ($40/day- I suggest you park yourself at the lot directly across the street for $26 instead), the small TV (my computer monitor is bigger), and the view (we faced towards the north, which is not very scenic). The hotel has a rich history and you can appreciate it's character from the moment you enter the lobby. I never made it into the Pump Room, but I heard good things. The neighborhood is fantastic- quiet and safe, lined with trees, near the shore. For the price ($150/night on a summer extended weekend), you'll be hard-pressed to find a better value in Chicago.	
Jul 7 2008	Dreary hotel	I had a promotional rate through Travelocity, so knew I wouldn't receive their finest room. I was only in Chicago one night and would barely be in the hotel. Thank goodness. The room was small, but what I noticed immediately were two huge circular stains on the carpeting. The room could have used some paint, and a good cleaning. The public areas were dreary, and the furnishings &quot;tired&quot;. Pump Room breakfast was very good. Would not recommend this hotel at any price.	
Jul 7 2008 	great value	We booked a couple of months ahead of time through a special rate offered directly by the hotel ($99/nt weeknights) and stayed for the Fourth of July holiday weekend. The location is ideal, as you are a couple of blocks from the Clark/Division train stop (and the Rush/Division &quot;scene&quot;--whether or not you wish to partake in that), but the hotel itself is located on a quiet side street, toward the lake, and it feels a WORLD away from Rush/Division. We walked to a brunch date in Lincoln Park, just to the north of the hotel.The staff was extremely helpful, from the doorman to the concierge staff (who helped us make dinner reservations a week in advance). When we left the room for the day on one occasion, we forgot to take the &quot;privacy&quot; sign off, and the room was not made up. When I called to explain and ask for fresh towels, they offered to have someone make up the room immediately. Also, we were surprised by a nice cheese tray and bottle of wine for my husband's birthday. Only downsides were that the rooms felt a little &quot;dated&quot; and there was nowhere to put toiletries (a good shelf or vanity) in the cramped bathroom without being afraid that things would fall in the toilet. Things were very clean, and the bed was comfortable. I think we asked for a room away from the elevators, and we ended up in a room with the door DIRECTLY across from the elevators, but the noise was not a problem at all. An in-room safe would be very nice, as well. All in all, not a lot of &quot;wow&quot; factor compared with some ohter places we have stayed, but a GREAT value for the money in a town where it can be hard to find good lodging deals.	
Jul 4 2008 	What the other reviewers aren't telling you	Funny how no one has mentioned that the rooms don't have curtains. Oh, yeah they have these little sheer curtains but you can still see out and of course anyone can see in. Also, if you want to sleep in past 5:00 am you can't because all they have are these sheer curtains and the sun shines in. The bathroom doors either don't close or you must slam them very hard. We know this is true because we had to change rooms. Why did we have to change rooms? Because the room next door was having a party. Very loud and with paper thin walls you can hear everything they are saying and doing.It is a great location but I think next time we will stay someplace a little more modern where you have curtains and a decent bathroom.	
Jun 30 2008 	Will stay here again	This hotel is definately a 4 star.It is located within walking distace of everything that is a MUST do in Chicago.Most of all, the price per night was unbeatable for the type of hotel it is.It will be the stay of choice for me every time I visit Chicago.The entire staff are the most frienlist people I have ever met.You need to try it out for yourself!!!	
Jun 18 2008 	Impressive building	The hotel is situated in the nicest part of Chicago and the building is great. The Pump Room has this impressive history. Rooms are very nice and according to expectations. However, the personnel of the hotel was below expectations, correct but not what you are used to in these type of hotels.	
Jun 9 2008 	I'll recconmend it to friends and family when they go to Chicago.	The Ambassador East was a delightful surprise at a great price.The service was great, the neighborhood delightful and it was within easy walking distance to the Lake. Tthe Concierge provided us with all the right bus information (#'s, places) to get around Chicago quickly and efficiently. The Pump Room was like stepping back in time, it was easy to imagine movie stars and politicians populating the tables. I will be recommending the Ambassador East to my friends and family when they come to Chicago.Mary Ellyn from Cleavland	
Jun 7 2008 	Ambassador is Perfect	I didn't find it tired at all. It's a classic. The service was fantastic, room was lovely, small bathroom but so what? The service and property is a really good value. Location is great -- two blocks from Michigan Avenue -- Two blocks the other way to the lakefront and Lincoln Park is very close. We loved it. The restaurant, with all its history, was probably better at one time, but there are so many close wonderful restaurants, who cares? Caveat: leave the kids at home. Not kid friendly, which frankly we like. Room service was okay, not a huge choice, but adequate. Wouldn't recommend the pizza. Overall, though, it has that grande dame hotel appeal that I personally love, its history resonates throughout, making the atmosphere quaint and relaxing.	
Jun 4 2008 	Great stay for our Girls Trip!!	Got a great deal on this place through Hotwire.com.Downtown Chicago for $79 a night (in the dead of Winter - boy are we the smart ones, huh?)We called to get the room upgraded and even though they were booked up, the reservations lady (super nice) kept searching for us day after day after day until she found the room we needed!In addition to that, the front desk Manager was extra helpful in accomidating some other needs of ours.The hotel lobby was beautiful. It is a few blocks down from Lake Shore. Once you're on Lake Shore it's just beautiful stroll away from Michigan Ave (which I might add, is perfect for a girls trip!).It's in a beautiful neighborhood and also right down from a few pubs (if you want to have a fun night dancing), a great breakfast joint, some national banks (Yay for the ATMS), and even a CVS and Walgreens (this is also a MUST have for a girls trip).I visit Chicago every year and this was my first experience with the Ambassador East Hotel. I am happy to say that it did meet our expectations and then some.	
May 27 2008 	Perfect location	Stayed there for 3 nights, great location, Mag Mile and Hancock Observatory are just 10 min away, restaurants on N Rush and Division are 5 mins away. Everything is close. The room was clean, unfortunately we got a smoking one, but it didn't smell as much as I feared it would. For the price of $70/ngt thru priceline it couldn't be better.	
May 27 2008 	Pros and Cons	Overall we enjoyed our stay at the Ambassador East. We got a great deal on it, and we were not there much. We were pounding the city sidewalks for most of our visit.Pros:We found a deal for $99/night, but it's not unusual to see prices exceed $300/night for this hotel. The lobby is large and elegant and a comfortable place to sit and hang out. The service was very good. They allowed us to check in early and check out late. The consierge was very nice helpful. The location is in a very nice residential area, so it was safe and fun to walk through there and admire the stonefont townhouses. The hotel's location was ideal for us, because it's between Lincoln Park and the City, and we ventured out in both directions. The Pump Room, which is the restaurant in the hotel, is famous and fabulous. Breakfast there is great and affordable. Ask the front desk for a 20% off coupon. Cons:It's an older hotel, but they are supposed to be renovating it soon.We stayed on the third floor, and the room was small, but we didn't mind so much. We didn't have a great view, but we didn't stay in our room much. We did see a small cockroach in the room.The elevators are really slow, so we used the stairs to and from our room...good thing we were only on the third floor. The TV was smaller and the sound got loud during commercials.	
May 22 2008	American Girl Weekend	Checked in to find that our Travelocity &quot;superior&quot; room with one queen bed faced the interior of the building. I asked if we could upgrade for a price and the attendant gave us a different style room. This upgraded room that included a 11th floor view was complementary. I know that can't always happen but she listened to my appeal on behalf of wife and daughter who don't get to travel that often and really improved the quality of our stay. Thanks again and keep putting the customer first!	
May 13 2008 	Loved the Ambassador East Chicago	I stayed at Ambassador East with a group of friends May8-11, 2008. We just wanted to get away and celebrate Mother's Day on our own.We had three rooms each room was wonderful. The hotel is so European in décor; it is nestled in a quaint neighborhood called the “Gold Coast”. We were able to walk to shopping, dining and nightspots. The location gives you a sense of security. We felt very safe walking day or night.The staff of the hotel was very friendly and extremely knowledgeable of the area and gave us many suggestions of places to go and places to see. So many in fact we will be returning in September.The world famous Pump Room is a must do. Chef Nick Sutton is very talented. Mother’s Day Brunch was a culinary experience, there were so many choices. The lamb and Eggs Benedict were my personal favorites.If you have not dined here you should.	
May 10 2008 	GREAT STAY No Complaints!	Hubby, myself and 2 adult daughters stayed at the Ambassador East for 2 nights (May 5 &amp; 6). Hubby and I had an Executive King Suite and the girls had a double/double room. The Ex. King Suite was just as pictured on the hotel's web site. A large &quot;L&quot; shaped room. Sitting room had sofa and club chair, coffee table, 2 end tables flanked the sofa and a desk and chair. Two windows in this area and AC unit. I especially appreciated that the lamps had 3-way bulbs with ample wattage for reading! Bed area had one window and AC unit. King bed with excellent mattress; good quality sheets and down comforter. Bed was flanked by nightstands with lamps. On the dresser was a coffee maker. Coffee was dripped directly into disposable cups. I liked this so much better than those small pots. I can never convince myself that they are really clean! Absolutely won't use coffee pots if they are in the bathroom! Bathroom coffee...YUCK!  Mini bar had the TV on top. Could be viewed from bedroom or sitting area. Bathroom was small. Pedestal sink with 2 glass shelves above. No vanity. Good water pressure. The double/double room had 2 double beds, separated by a desk. This room was fine for 2 people. If 4 people were to share this space, they better really like each other and be neat.  No problem with noise from the hall or adjacent rooms. The staff were very friendly. We have absolutely no complaints about this hotel. It is farther north than many of the other hotels, but this did not present a problem for us. The 151 bus is only 2 blocks east on Lake Shore with easy access to Michigan Ave.	
May 8 2008	Amazing Value Great Location!	Travelzoo advertised an amazing rate during the time period we'd be in Chicago, so I made a reservation. We were a little apprehensive because of the mixed reviews on tripadvisor, but the rate was unbeatable. Walking into the lobby, we were just intoxicated by the aroma of all the beautiful lillies. 2nd impression was Francesca, who checked us in. This woman could have the world's worst grouch eating out of her hand. She's totally genuine, great sense of humor, remarkably professional. Actually all the staff is that way, but Francesca especially impressed us. On to the room (1450). It was fairly small, but had enough space for a few nights. Re: other complaints on this site about thin walls: it actually wasn't that bad, and I'm a very light sleeper. I didn't hear anyone in adjoining rooms but in the morning, you will hear everyone's doors slamming inadvertently - they seem to be spring-loaded. The workout room on the top floor has cool views and enough equipment to keep you from feeling guilty. Nice touch that they stock it with fresh fruit. There's also free internet in the business center. Husband really loved getting 3 papers every morning, not just the usual USA Today. We both loved the comfortable bed and turn-down service. Another advantage is the location - you're just a 5-min walk from Rush St. restaurants/entertainment, about 10-min walk to the lake, and about 5 minutes to the Red Line. Beautiful neighborhood too! If you don't need in/out priviledges, use the $29 parking across the street. We'll definitely stay here again!	
May 6 2008 	Great Ol' Grandeur in heart of Chicago	Stayed at this hotel, after reviewing many on-line choices, by asking my college friend, who lives in Rockford, her advice on which hotel we should stay at. We picked this one, based on its location near the lovely older neighborhoods near the Lake. Upon arrival, the doorman, bellman, and front desk staff were all welcoming! Explained our package, including free internet, free breakfast in the famous Pump Room (great food!)), and a lovely large room with view of the city! It couldn't have been more perfect!	
May 5 2008	I loved everything about the Ambassador East Hotel	The Ambassador East is a wonderful hotel. Conveniently located in a pleasant setting, the room was beautiful and comfortable, the staff courteous and helpful, and the Pump Room a great place for a meal or a drink	
Apr 27 2008	Great Historic Property	My company booked our group for a Conference and Sales Meeting. The service was friendly, helpful and the property was beautiful. The hotel was clean and filled with history. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and the rate was reasonable as well.	
Apr 17 2008 	Easter at the Ambassador East	I spent Easter in a great Suite at the Ambassador East; it was the Frank Sinatra Suite. When we arrived we had a bouquet of Tulips in the room. Saturday night while we were at dinner the Easter Bunny delivered a chocolate box full of Chocolate bunnies.When I made reservations I spoke with Sarah and mentioned this was our 30th anniversary. She upgraded us to the suite and sent us the amenities. I was totally blown away this was very unexpected. Our stay was very special and one we will never forget. The hotel is located in a very historic neighborhood, ‘the Gold Coast” it is three blocks from Rush Street and great dining, although you don’t have to leave the hotel for a great dining experience. We were able to walk everywhere; it was closer to Michigan Avenue than I thought. We felt very safe walking around this area of Chicago.We had Easter Brunch at the world famous Pump Room, the food was over the top. There chef is very creative and brunch was a culinary experience.This was my first time to stay at the Ambassador East but it will not be the last. I love history and this hotel is rich in history; service was impeccable. The staff was warm and cordial.	
Mar 27 2008	Very Nice old Hotel/Great resturaunt PUMP ROOM	We stayed here for a wedding, Lobby is beautiful,It is an old hotel but the beds were comfortable, it was very clean,and the service was great. Heat and a/c are a bit noisy, walls are a bit thin., but reasonably priced for Chicago. Not recommended for families with kids. It was close to resturaunts and local bars. The Pump Room in the lobby has the best breakfat buffet I've ever had, well worth the money. Lots of celeb pics there it was neat!! Not exactly downtown, taxis are expensive, you will need one to get to, but do go to Navy Pier, The Sheds Aquarium and the museum. Be sure to drive by Soldier field. Its a site. All and all a great experience.	
Mar 16 2008 	Love the Old Charm	If you love old buildings and GREAT customer service, then stay here. The walls and doors are thin as stated in other reviews. The room was very clean. Room had big windows, which let in great light. The bathrooms are small by today standards, but this hotel was built before America developed a love affair with bathrooms as another room instead of a room with a specific funtion. The bed was great and my back loved it!! Front desk crew were very helpfull and nice. I did learn that the locks on doors are battery operated. This problem was fixed very quickly. Hotel in a safe area, which is important. Close to shipping, good restarurants, and public transportation. If you enjoy the slow pace of life, GREAT customer service, old buildings, then this hotel is perfect for you. When I visit Chicago again, I will stay here.	
Feb 8 2008 	Major value!	The Ambassador East is a 1920s grand dame located in Chicago's very best neighborhood, the Gold Coast, and a five minute walk from superb restaurants, shopping and night life. We paid about $100 on Hotwire. The location, price and staff's welcoming attitude more than made up for the fact the hotel is overdue for a cosmetic redo. Bottom line: if you get it for the right price, you will have scored- big time. At $300 a night, go elsewhere until the renovation is complete.Our room was neither large nor small, an average sized hotel room, with a white tiled 5 X 8 bathroom (tub, pedestal sink and toilet- stop, that's it) typical of prewar buildings. The decor was neutrals and mauves with English flowered drapes. It's been in place for a while and is both time worn and a bit dated. However, the room was clean as a whistle; the bed was both new and well appointed; everything worked and nothing was gross or decrepit. The hotel's smallish lobby is warm and gracious.If I had paid a lot of money, I would have pulled out my defects itemizer and made a long list. If I had come to Chicago to use my hotel as a resort stay, I would have been disappointed. However, I love a bargain (especially when it's in a great neighborhood) and we came to Chicago to be out in the city so the Ambassador East was perfect.For our mid-December weekend the AE was cheaper than ticky/tacky cookie cutter budget chain hotels is less desirable locales. For us, the character, soul, location, functionality and price combined to equal a wonderful stay.	
Jan 23 2008 	Wouldn't Stay There Again	The best thing about this hotel was the very curteous staff: amazingly friendly. The poor tiny room was way past it's prime. We had 2 pieces of broken glass on our floor, hair on our coffee maker, a terrible drippy shower head, dirty smudged wine glasses, a broken TV, and loud furniture moving noises in the morning from the room next door. I'm sorry to report such a bad experience from a 4-star hotel, but I won't stay there ever again.	
Jan 14 2008 	OK for the price	Stayed two nights, Friday and Saturday, for a weekend getaway.1. Got the room for $70/night on Priceline2. Parked across the street for $29/night instead of the $41/night the Ambassador charges3. You could hear every noise in the hallway or room next door. Don't stay on the 7th or 8th floors unless you want to listen to the ice machines.4. Staff was nice and helpful5. The maids cleaned the rooms twice a day6. The hotel is very old and needs to be updated. The room was clean, but is showing its age.7. Its in a good location. Lots of bars and restaurants near by. 15 minute walk to Crate &amp; Barrel, 45 minute walk to the theatre district. It's located in a residential area. I had no safety concerns walking at night. &quot;L&quot; station nearby.8. Room was small.	
Jan 10 2008 	Disappointed with the Ambassador East	I booked this hotel thru Hotwire thinking I was getting a 4 star hotel. I would rate this more like 2.5 stars.The hotel has seen better days. My keys didn't work for the first room assigned to me. I had to go back to the front desk and they reassigned me to a different room.Upon arriving to the room, I was disappointed in the holes in the walls and the condition of the bathroom. It was very worn, the bathtub was chipped and did not look very inviting. The toilet barely functioned also. The bed was ok but I did not sleep very well on it. I have had more comfortable beds at other hotels downtown that I have booked through Hotwire.I ordered breakfast through room service and it was mediocre. For $20 including tip and tax, I would of liked to have had juice and/or coffee included. All I ordered was eggs and toast with potatoes. The location is also off the beaten path. I would have rather had a hotel on or near Michigan ave. as I have had in the past.I would definitely look elsewhere while staying in Chicago.	
Jan 8 2008 	A bit faded but good value	I was a bit hesitant about staying here; I had previously thought of it as one of those &quot;once great hotels&quot;. In fact, it does look like it could use a bit of a rehab; Some of the public areas are a bit faded, and my room carpet had a few small cigarette burns. The room heat is on a thermostat, but it is loud and would start up and shut down in sharp, wheezy bursts. The business center consisted of three PCs, two of which were always on the fritz. There is wifi in the rooms, available for purchase at a very reasonable rate, but it could only be purchased for the entirety of a stay.But overall I was satisfied with my stay. The staff was extremely helpful; the room was quiet and bright; the beds were very comfortable.There is an exercise room on the top floor that is very simple, but is up-to-date and has nice views of the city. Although the business center was too primitive for a serious businessman (see above), it was free, including the use of a printer -- a refreshing change from the exhorbitant printing rates at most hotel business centers.Since I like the northside neighborhoods, and am happy to take the El, the location was nice for me.The immediate neighborhood of the hotel is very nondescript.But a few blocks south it gets nicer, and it is 3 blocks to an El stop going into the loop. In good weather you could walk to the water tower or the lakefront, but in the winter you will need to take a cab or El to get anywhere. I have a hard time finding a good &quot;mid-range&quot; hotel inChicago. This hotel isn't nearly as good as the &quot;full business hotels&quot; (e.g. Marriott) that are just north of the river; but it was much cheaper thant those hotels (when I booked) and much better than any of the hotels I know of below that level.	
Jan 6 2008 	Past her Prime!!!	This hotel was cute but also reminded me a bit of a haunted mansion. It had a cozy grandmother's china cabinet feel to it but was romantic as well. The location was great and was just a few blocks away from Rush St. which was home to many trendy and fantastic restaurants. N. Michigan Ave, home to the Magnificent Mile, was about 6 blocks away with a scenic walk. Upon my arrival, there was hair leftover from the previous guest on both the pillows and all over the restroom! Really distasteful! The wallpaper was also very worn due to the old age of the hotel. I enjoyed my stay here but would not recommend it for more then 2 nights.	
Jan 3 2008 	Ambassador "Least".......	like the website pictures or the stars attiibuted to it. Although this hotel is situated on a quieter street in the Gold Coast area of Chicago, it needs an extreme makeover. Although the lobby and check-in experience were OK, the room itself was not up to the standards or the room rates posted/paid. Our particular room was smaller in size and lacked the updated or clean decor you would expect from this type of hotel. Although I have high standards, I am willing to comprimse on certain things. A comforter / or duvet cover is required - but I don't require it to be a certain thread count or fill level - I just would like one to be on the bed upon arrival to said room. When we opened the door and almost stepped on our King bed, it was clearly apparent that we were lacking bedding - other than two sheets and pillows (other than the two small pillows that looked like the pillows you would typically find in a closet as spares for the other pairs). I immediately called down to the front desk, for which they accomodated us (later in the evening - after we had departed our room for the evening) with a comforter and additional pillows. For their oversight they did accomodate us with a complimentary breakfast - which I will comment on later. The bathroom was dirty at this hotel --- paint was chipping off the walls and the toilet seemed to be archaic looking. I was surprised it actually worked. The walls of the room need a major rennovation, as do the common areas such as the hallways. The whole place looks worn and old (for which I understand that it is - -or historic as the website may indicate as so). The service, overall, was OK at the front desk. It was hit-or-miss when I inquired about various things. The Pump Room, albeit stately, was good food (it was complimentary so this may have altered my opinion somewhat), but the service was uneven and barely there. I am not certain if this was due to our server noting that we had a complimentary house certificate / instead of being a typical full-paying reservation making guest. Overall, I would look to stay somewhere else when in the Chicago area.	
Dec 29 2007 	A grand old lady that's seen her days (but great value for the $)	I booked this hotel via Hotwire, so it certainly wasn't my first choice in places. The purpose of my visit was an overnight stay in Chicago while changing between a flight at O'Hare and an Amtrak train the next day. I have various friends in Chicago that I can hang out and have some fun with during my overnight stays there.I hadn't been to this hotel before, though the neighborhood was certainly well known (the Gold Coast). Upon check-in, I was impressed with the pretty Christmas decorations in the grand old lobby. Though, after peeking into one of the side lounges, I noticed a large old-fashioned room, but with furniture that seemed cheap, small, and out-of-place with the spaciousness of the lounge (also, there was no bar in the lounge, like you might expect).My room was very nicely appointed and with a comfy bed. The bathroom was small. However, there was a HUGE walk-in close the size of some NYC apartments. Being an overnight stay, I didn't make any use of the closet, though.The carpet in the hallway outside my room was faded and old-ish. Overall - a great place for the $ spent (right around $100 including tax via Hotwire) -- and it's definitely walking distance to Rush/Division bars and, importantly, all the shopping along Michigan Avenue...I walked it even in a blustery wintry day with 2 degree (Fahrenheit) wind-chills. Also, it's close to the Red Line subway station on Clark/Division.	
Dec 28 2007 	Very disappointing	Booked a one-night stay to avoid interrupting my future husband's bachelor party. For $300 a night, it was very disappointing. Paper thin walls like everyone reports. Bathroom very small with poor shower operation. Valet parking is $40+ and was slow.	
Dec 26 2007 	Great experience	My wife and I stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel for the first 3 days of our honeymoon in mid-October. We decided to split our honeymoon up and stay in two different hotels so that we could experience different aspects and areas of Chicago in a week. I'll start out by saying that this was a great experience. At check-in, I indicated that we were on our honeymoon and were upgraded to a suite.The Ambassador East is probably a 10 to 15 minute walk from the North end of the Magnificent Mile. It is also just a 2 or 3 minute walk to a lot of great restaurants and bars on Rush.Our room itself was incredibly spacious and well appointed. Our suite (on the 3rd floor) had two very large closets, a large &quot;living room&quot; and a large bedroom. The bed was incredibly comfortable and the bathroom was nice enough. If I would have payed full price for this suite, I probably would have given it a rating of 4, but because the staff was so kind and because my wife and I had such a great time here, I decided to give it a five.It is also worth mentioning that the concierge was very helpful.My wife and I decided to eat at The Pump Room restaurant, but we were not very impressed. We found the food and service mediocre. The atmosphere was probably pretty neat when Sinatra used to eat there back in the day, but not anymore. Although we were unimpressed by the Pump Room, the staff were kind enough to seat us in the &quot;Sinatra Booth&quot; which was back in a corner and enclosed by curtains. That neat experience was really the only redeeming value of our meal here.The Ambassador East is an older hotel, but it is in a charming older neighborhood. The staff's kindness and overall charm of the hotel itself really impressed my wife and me.When we are in Chicago again, we will definitely consider staying at the Ambassador East again.	
Dec 18 2007	Paper-thin walls!	Unless you want to hear conversations and intimate relations in detail (and I mean intimate!), don't stay here. The walls are very thin. My husband, daughter, and I woke up at 7:am to the sounds of some very intimate happenings in the adjoing room. The following night, at midnight, I could hear the entire conversation of the couple next door. The location is great but I would not stay here again. The carpet was very worn and the upholstered chair was stained and dirty.	
Dec 12 2007	Not recommended unless you don't shower	Not recommended, unless you don't shower The shower required 20-30 minutes of running in order to warm up to a lukewarm temperature. When I complained to management the response was 'it an old building and you are on the 13th floor, it takes a while for water to get there'. While I understand the challenges of old buildings, the poor infrastructure in this hotel was unacceptable. Overall the hotel was a little worse for wear. The service was also poor. The room was booked at discounted conference rates and master billed and then our credit card was charged the normal rate - they double billed us.	
Dec 9 2007 	Not terrible just really worn	Our tradition is to spend the night in Chicago for our anniversary. This time it was at the Ambassador East Hotel. It wasn't outstanding, and I guess for a 4 star you want a little more than &quot;just ok&quot;. It was a corner room on the 5th floor, pretty good size. The furnishings would have been tasteful in their day, but most everything was tired and worn. The carpet had stains and was raveling at the door jam. Our view was of the street, which was nice. The bathroom sink had deep water stains, the towels were extremely rough. This hotel is 80 years old and could be much more charming, just needs some freshening up. I'd say it's probably a 2.5 to a 3 star. It's a little off the beaten path (in the Gold Coast area) leans more to residential but within walking distance to everything.	
Oct 26 2007 	Good time at the Ambassador East	I booked 3 rooms for 3 nights for my extended family on holiday at the Ambassador East during October 2007. We found the service provided by every member of the Hotel staff to be fantastic, the location very handy for our needs and the rooms superb. Hotel and room decor is self-described as 'timeless grandeur with distinction'. We found it to be very pleasant and tasteful.Parking was exxie (around $25/night) but just part of life in Chicago we imagine.Hotel staff helped us arrange 3 aspects of our visit (Second City, Chicago Tour Bus and an excellent dinner venue) for which we were very grateful.	
Oct 25 2007	Disappointed with the Ambassador	My wife and I recently celebrated our 10 year anniversary and decided to go to Chicago for a long weekend. We stayed at the Ambassador East and was extremely disappointed with the room. I wanted a 4+ star hotel (paid a 4+ star price)and was expecting a little more. I'm sure that the Ambassador was a beautiful hotel 50 years ago, but unfortunately they have done nothing to keep it up to date. The room was extremely small, outdated, and the air conditioner continually made this annoying rattling noise. The staff was very friendly but it defintely in my opinion was not worth the money. DaveQuad Cities, IL.	
Oct 5 2007 	Convention	Stayed at AE last December for wedding anniversary and the service was over the top. Clean, comfortable rooms and staff was excellent. Came back and reserved six rooms for my company to attend a convention. Everyone loved the rooms and location. Will be back again for this year's anniversary.	
Sep 25 2007 	Great Location.	Just returned from the Ambassador East Hotel. Overall good time. The staff and service was wonderful - they were able to accommodate us with an early (very early) check-in - so that was wonderful. The location was great. We walked everywhere. It was about 1-2 blocks North of Division street and close to Lake Michigan and Rush streets. We parked (expensive - we chose a public lot across the street for $29) and walked everywhere else.We had a room on the 9th floor - end of hallway - so very quiet. View was not much to speak of - looked over another building and their court yard. Room had a king bed - that was SO SO comfortable - nice linens and plenty of pillows. There was a sitting chair and table (both worn) and a small desk. TV was in an armoire. There was a small closet with robes. The bathroom was OK. There was a basic tub w/shower. The sink was pedistal and the toilet was industrial looking. No shelfs or room for your toiletries - found that annoying. The room/carpet and ceiling looked a bit old and tired. The building is older brick building that fit in nicely with the surrounding structers. There is a bar and restaurant in the hotel - The Pump Room - menu looked great and we peaked in and the atmosphere looked very nice. Trouble is the dress code - no jeans allowed and we had planned for a casual weekend getaway.Check in and out was a breeze. Mini bar in room - prices really o.k. Room service menu looked good (you can order the Pump Room menu to your room - but in our room - really no place to &quot;eat&quot; other than if you wanted the table on the bed).For the price and location - would definately recommend it and would stay there again.	
Sep 25 2007	Very Nice Place!	I really liked this hotel. In a great neighborhood, near but outside of downtown. It had real Euro charm and didn't have the usual issues you experience in the &quot;quaint&quot; places (noise, nothing works). It was comfortable, clean, quiet, and the staff is unbelievably anxious to take care of guests. A very nice break from the corporate hotels. The rooms are a bit small and could use a little updating. All in all, however, I liked this place and would stay there again.	
Aug 27 2007 	Very nice stay. Will return!	My family and I stayed at the Ambassador East for 2 nights earlier this month. We had 2 &quot;oversize bathroom&quot; rooms. The hotel itself is a lovely older, charming hotel. Sure, it could stand to be updated soon, but that does not really detract from one's experience here. Our rooms were quiet, spacious and clean. The beds and bedding were so comfy. We had a lovely view of the Hancock building from our room too. The hotel is located in a great neighborhood, on a quiet street, with shops and restaurants a block or 2 away. The beach is also only a short stroll from the hotel, as is the Magnificent Mile. The hotel restaurant was also very nice. We only ate breakfasts there, but they were very good. Overall, this is a very nice hotel and we plan to stay there again the next time we're in Chicago.	
Aug 10 2007 	What a gem!	We felt lucky to have found this place. We were in Chicago for 4 nights and the Ambassador Hotel was perfect for what we needed. The lobby and rooms have very classic and formal decor. Yes, you can tell the hotel is old; some of the furniture shows wear, but the place is kept very clean. The location is prime. You're shopping on the Magnificent Mile or walking through beautiful Lincoln Park in a matter of minutes. Also Rush/Division bar district is right around the corner. We're in our 30s and stayed with my younger siblings in their 20s (like to party) and parents (like it quiet). Everyone could enjoy themselves in this prime area. Perhaps the most impressive aspect of the hotel is its employees. Each and everyone of them was incredibly polite, professional, and quite knowledgeable about the hotel and Chicago in general. We ate a few meals at 3rd Coast, a restaurant down the street which serves very fresh and flavorful meals!	
Aug 9 2007 	Nice hotel with lots of character	We really loved this hotel. The location is great - within really easy walking distance of magnificant mile, water tower place etc. It's a little north of magnificant mile so really great if you want to be near Rush and Division for nightlife and restaurants. Also right beside the beach. The hotel is old so don't go here if you are looking for modern. The halls are stuffy and shabby looking and the furnishings in the rooms are well worn. However the bed was huge and really comfortable, the room was very clean, there were beautiful big windows and LOTs of space. Maybe we were lucky, but we had a huge room. The Pump Room restaurant seems really cool but we didn't end up eating there, except for breakfast which was very good although expensive for breakfast. Luckily we did not have to pay because the water broke while we were staying at the hotel so we got a few freebies! Most people relocated to other hotels because of the water but we took our chances and stayed and luckily it came back on our floor. Overall we really liked this hotel but would not reccommend it if you like everything to be new and modern!	
Aug 8 2007	Elegant comfortable homey hotel	Recently returned from a two-night stay at Ambassador East Hotel. Was looking for a comfortable hotel to stay at while visiting family now located in Chicago. Mission was accomplished. If you would like a quiet, comfortable hotel in a great area - this is it. While some of the furnishings show some signs of their age, it does not detract from the elegant style of the rooms and adds to the comfortable and home-like feeling. Found staff to be friendly and helpful. We will be return guests many times in the future for sure.	
Aug 6 2007 	must pay the price for the old charm	The location was great, front desk staff was very professional and courteous and the room is spacious, clean and nice. The lobby has maintained the beautiful old charm and the building in general has that feelings to it. The problem is though they haven't upgraded the room's window treatment. I am sure the area wasn't all that noisy back when the hotel was built, but seriously with all the comotion going on in the area late night some major sound proof is necessary. First night there without my ear plugs I didn't get much sleep. The fitness center consists of work out machines first introduced in circa 1987. Getting in and out of building through a very small manual rotating door with a suitcase was annoying and then having to climb up a few stairs to check in wasn't a pleasant surprise at all.	
Jul 30 2007 	Ambassador East was great!!	We stayed 4 nights at the Omni Ambassador East. Everything was great. I haven't stayed in an older hotel in a while, and after reading some of the reviews, I was afraid the rooms would be bad. Our two rooms were both, very nice, clean and large. The bathrooms have had some updating and were fine. My wife is big on nice bed linens and she was happy. Our air conditioner worked great. The staff was very nice and helpful. Didn't get to eat at the PumpRoom, but would like to in the future. It is also a nice neighborhood to stay in. Walgreens and CVS are just a block away. The &quot;El&quot; is two blocks away. Lots of restaurant choices starting a block away.	
Jul 24 2007 	Ambassador East needs rehab	We just spent a long weekend at the Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago. The weekend was wonderful, but we're regretting our hotel choice. When we checked into our room in the morning, the decor was somewhat shabby. But more importantly, the bathroom towels were frayed, thin and stained (black smudges, yellowish tinge on some) This made me notice how old the bed linens looked. When we headed out for our day, we stopped at the front desk and requested towels that were in better condition. Upon returning to get freshened up for dinner we noticed the towels weren't switched yet. We called the front desk, towels arrived looking just as bad as the ones we had. I sent the young man to look for something not stained...about 15 minutes later he gave me the best he could find. (not great...but better than the ones we had) We went to bed around 10:30 - exhausted from the day's early start at 4am ET - to be awakened by the incessant whining and barking of a dog in the room across the hall. I didn't realize pets were allowed in this hotel...even if they weren't, clearly the occupants disregarded this policy. We called the front desk; they sent someone to &quot;investigate&quot;; dog went nuts with barking; we did not get a call back with next steps. My husband got dressed and went down to discuss. He returned saying they couldn't do anything and couldn't locate the owners of the dog. The best they could do is offer another room. I was groggy, upset and frustrated and called the front desk again to inquire why we had to be inconvenienced by a disruptive guest. The night manager spun a story about being blocked out of the room...we all know this is impossible. Needless to say, we moved so that we could stand a chance at a decent night's sleep. The night mgr also agreed to waive the cost of that night's stay, which I ensured was conveyed to the front desk in the morning. With no staff assistance offered, we moved to a better room (larger, slightly better bed linens), but the bathroom was tiny. After that, all was quiet and uneventful for the rest of our stay. Not sure what else the night manager could have done, but am researching so that I am armed for my next hotel stay. The hotel is in a good location, and the hotel staff is pleasant enough. After the dog incidicent, we had 3 quiet nights of sleep. I'd call the dog incident a freak occurance, but this hotel REALLY does need some rehab. Rugs in the guest rooms are worn out, all linens need to be replaced, showers / tubs are in really bad condition, ceilings/walls need some patching. Definitely not worth a 4 star rating.	
Jul 23 2007 	Nice location great service baaaaad room	We stayed here to attend a wedding at th eChicago Historical Society, as most of the wedding party stayed here. The location is great. 3 miles south of Wrigley Field, 3 blocks or so west of the lake. Just down the street is Rush St, Hancock Building/North Michigan Ave, Lincoln Park Zoo and Navy Pier. The service was very good. Very accommodating staff. Friendly valets, helpful at the front desk, helpful staff. Room key initally didn't work and we needed a rollaway bed...all taken care of quickly with ease and a smile. The problem was once we did get into our room we found a tv cabinet with one door, the other door was torn off. Wet spots on the floor and the bathroom wasn't very clean. The wallpaper was coming off the wall in places as well. Now I've never really stayed in an historical hotel before but I'd think for the price we paid for the room that it would have been in much better shape....very disappointing room. It sounds like other people from the wedding party didn't have any problems with their rooms so maybe it was just ours (#432)...and it sounds like other reviewers have liked their stay...	
Jul 17 2007	First rate	Travelzoo publicized a great rate of less than $100 a night for this usually 4-star hotel. AAA had it listed as having construction. We stayed after July 4 and no construction was oblivious. Beautiful hotel in safe area close to buses and train station. Valet or self parking costs, but there is little street parking available anywhere. Room was spacious and well appointed. Bed very comfortable. Staff was friendly. We took the bus to Lincoln Park and downtown and the train. It is fairly near the beach too. Eating spots and shopping near the hotel. Would recommend it.	
Jul 15 2007 	Desperatly Needs Cleaning	On a spur of the moment trip my husband and I packed a bag and headedto the city. This hotel was not our first choice. We wanted to stay closer to the shopping on Michigan ave. However, all of the hotels were booked for the evening. One hotel suggested this hotel. I have heard of the Ambassador East Hotel I had never stayed there. I was told it was a 4 star hotel. They could not have been more wrong. Upon entering the hotel the staff was very friendly and the lobby was clean and well kept. The decor was dated but charming. We arrivedat our room and the charm quickly faded. Our room was small stained worn carpet and dirty bed linens on the bed. I quickly went back downto the desk and advised them the room was unacceptable. They quickly moved us to a much nicer 2 room suite. We were very pleased with the upgrade, that is until we used the bathroom. Upon closing the door itlooked as if someone had urinated on the back of the door. There was hair and dirt stuck on the trim and some unknown substance stuck to the tub. The worst part was the hair in the soap dish. At this point it was to late to pack and drive over an hour home. I will never stayhere again nor would I advise anyone to stay here. I expected to pay a premium price for a walk in but $386.05 for a filthy room and parking is unacceptable.	
Jul 11 2007	Still My Favorite	No matter where else I have stayed in Downtown Chicago, I always end up at the Ambassador. The staff is always wonderful and once they know you, they are even better, if that is possible. If I do not like the room, they immediately change it, no problem. I am not saying the hotel is perfect but the staff more than makes up for any shortcomings it has. The tubs are huge and the rooms a decent size. It is also centrally located close to Clark/Division stop on the Red Line which is important to be in close proximity to State Street near Michigan and close to Lakeshore Drive which is beautiful. There are buses along Lakeshore that go directly down Michigan Avenue, a five minute trip. The food in the Pump Room is great as is the service. I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. If you want to avoid the convention crowd that you will encounter at the big hotel chains, then this is the place. Personal and they truly aim to please. I was stuck overnight at O'Hare Airport and while everyone went crazy for a hotel, I immediately booked a room for the night at my standby favorite, the Ambassador. They always come through.	
Jul 9 2007 	A lovely historic hotel	I took a small group on a sight-seeing trip to Chicago and we found an excellent deal on this hotel for our four night stay in July 2007 at $99 a night. I read some &quot;mixed&quot; reviews about the property since it was older, but our stay was excellent! After booking the hotel, I signed up for the &quot;I prefer&quot; loyalty program. That entitles you to free internet access while staying, plus they gave us each a $5 coupon to their hotel restaurant, The Pump Room. Our non-smoking room was on the 14th floor, with a nice city view of downtown Chicago, including both the Sears and Hancock Towers, through the three sets of windows. The room was huge! The biggest hotel room I've ever stayed in. We had two double beds with tall poster headboards. The beds had two plush comforters, many pillows, and were very comfortable. The bathroom looked like it had been recently re-done, with nice sparkling white tiles throughout. The room had all the normal amenities, including an iron and ironing board. My daughter and wife really enjoyed the Aveda rosemary mint soaps and shampoo. The only thing I thought was a bit unusual about the room was how small the television was compared with the size of the room. It looked like a little portable TV in this gigantic room. I guess it had to fit in the armoire, so maybe that's why it was so small. But that was the only down side of the room. It room also had a desk, two chairs for sitting, and a stocked bar with candy and drinks, (which we didn't use). Everything was very clean and elegant. The hotel was very quiet during the week (July 4), but got a little busier on the weekend. Only one time did we ever hear any other guests while we were in our hotel room. The hotel only had two elevators to serve this 17 story hotel, but there was never much of a wait. They gave complimentary Wall Street Journals, USA Today, and the Chicago Tribune each day. The hotel lobby was very nice and the staff was very helpful. The hotel is located in what I believe is the &quot;Gold Coast&quot; section of Chicago, a quiet, elegant residential section of Chicago about one mile north of the incredible shopping on the Magnificent Mile (N. Michigan Ave.). We had a 7-day visitor pass to use CTA buses and rails, so we often caught the bus at Goethe and Lake Shore (about 3 blocks away) to journey further into downtown Chicago. It took about an hour to get from the hotel to wherever we were going each day for sight-seeing. We loved walking through the neighborhood each day on our way to and from the bus. The north beach on Lake Michigan is just about 4 blocks east of the hotel. We often walked to the beach, and we really enjoyed watching the July 4 fireworks (held at the Navy Pier) from our beach viewing. There is an excellent little restaurant just down the street (I believe at the corner of Dearborn and Goethe). Terrific breakfast! There is also a small CVS pharmacy one long block south on State and Division. The Red Line subway is four long city blocks away at Clark and Division. We rode the train from Midway to this station, and walked the rest of the way to the hotel. I would not recommend doing this (if you have luggage) because of all the stairs you have to climb. We decided to take the Continental Airport Express back to Midway at $12 per person. Some of the places we visited while there included the Museum of Space and Industry, The Institute of Art , the Shedd Aquarium, the Field Museum, The Hancock Tower and the Sears Tower. We also took an architecture riverboat tour, which was excellent. There is a Giordano's Pizza Place on Rush Ave (about one mile south of the hotel). Giordano’s has the best stuffed crust pizza I've ever had! It's an hour wait to enjoy the pizza, but definitely worth both the walk and the wait. (We could have taken a bus, but chose to walk instead). Our group was all very impressed with the hotel, as well as with the cleanliness of Chicago, and friendliness of the people. Everyone was so nice to us. I had two senior adult ladies with the group. Every time we got on the bus, if it was full, someone always volunteered to give our ladies their seat. That really impressed them! So Chicago...congrats to you on being a very visitor friendly city! And the Ambassador East was definitely worth the $99 we paid. However, I will say that if you could get something on Michigan Ave for the same or just a bit more, I would do that the next time, because the Ambassador East is just a little bit far away from the &quot;action&quot; of downtown Chicago.	
Jun 26 2007 	Great Stay at the Ambassador East	We stayed at the AE for two nights for a three generation &quot;girls weekend&quot; (Grandma, mom and daughter). I looked at their website for an idea of rates and looked at any packages that might interest us. Then I called the property directly and was assisted by a very gracious man named Reece. Rates were a bit high for the Saturday night portion of our stay but when I requested the American Girl Package, he was more than happy to honor the advertised rate. The American Girl package was perfect for us. My 8 year old daughter was thrilled. They give you a doll bed, a backpack and a travel kit to keep. They have matching bathrobes for girl and doll (you don't get to keep those). She also got a special welcome letter and a complimentary room service snack from a specially printed menu. Our room, 1334, was large and clean. It had two double beds with nice linens, two chairs, a desk and a clean bathroom. The employees are all very friendly and helpful. We had a drink in the Pump Room but did not eat there. We ate breakfast nearby at a great place called the 3rd Coast. This hotel is north of Michigan Ave. But it is just a short, pleasant walk to the Mag. Mile. I would definately stay here again in Chicago.	
May 3 2007 	Desperate for a Renovation! Stained carpet dust mites and dark rooms	I have stayed at this hotel in the past, but was completely turned off by my recent visit. My room, #351, had so many stains on the carpet, the chair in the room was soiled and thread bare, the corners of the room were caked with dust and the room had no light whatsoever. This room was unacceptable and when I complained, I received the typical response one gets from a reservation booked on Expedia, &quot;Sorry, we can do anything about it.&quot; To their credit, they were willing to change my room 3/4 of the way through my stay. This would be such a great hotel if they put some money into it. The area is fabulous. The hotel is NOT!	
Apr 7 2007 	Great value for money	I really enjoyed my stay here on a business trip in Feb. I work for a non-profit, and the Ambassador East is the most reasonably priced hotel in the northern downtown Chicago area. My room was huge, the bed was very comfortable, the linens were great, everything was clean, and the staff was all very friendly and helpful. Yes, the carpet and upholstered chairs were a bit worn, and the enamel on the bathtub was chipped, but as I say, everything was very clean and that's all that matters to me. The location is fabulous- within walking distance of numerous restaurants, museums, shopping, transit, etc. One caveat- don't be tempted to have breakfast at the Pump Room. For $22, I got lukewarm food and slow-as-molasses service. I'm sure it would be better at lunch or dinner, but I didn't try it.	
Apr 7 2007	PUMP ROOM IS A MUST!!!!	Ambassador East is an awesome hotel!!! Understand that this hotel is full of history and is a boutique hotel. My family stayed at the Ambassador for two nights in a suite. Very clean room with great space.The best part of the Ambassador is not the rooms though. The staff was extremely courteous, especially the concierge. If you stay here you have to go to the Pump Room. The restaurant is full of nostalgia, the staff is great, and the food is excellent. Great atmosphere and music.	
Apr 3 2007 	Perfect for us	We 4 women had an excellent stay. Everyone was courteous and helpful. Our rooms were clean and the beds were well appointed and comfortable. Heating / cooling system was quiet. Nicely within walking distance to shopping. All advice given to us by the staff was helpful and accurate. I would definately stay there again.	
Mar 28 2007 	What a great hotel!!!	We just returned from 4 nights at the Ambassador East. What a gem! The location in the Gold Coast neighborhood is perfect for finding restaurants and walking the Magnificent Mile. There is a train station about 2 blocks away. The room was very comfortable, with nice amenities, and there is free Internet service on the 2nd floor. Best of all was the bell and lobby staff! They really went out of their way to be helpful and greeted us warmly each time we left and arrived. I would say that this was the nicest hotel staff I've encountered in all my travels.	
Mar 19 2007 	Old worn hotel.	Ok. I've stayed at a lot of hotels that some posters on this site have classified as old and worn. I have disagreed with many of those posts and resigned that some people are way too picky. But let me tell you that the posts about the Ambassador East hotel being worn and tired are spot on. I love staying at old hotels, but this one is way too worn and in dire need of a makeover. The &quot;suite&quot; I had, though spacious, with a separate living room, bedroom with 2 full/queen beds, 3 huge closets and a bath, was just in overall sad shape. The vinyl blackout shades were torn, falling down and dirty. Lampshades were also torn. Furniture -- though nice I'm sure when new -- was faded and frayed. And overall it was like being back in the 80s when Laura Ashley was all the rage...lots of prints and florals and brass fixtures.I was disappointed in the room. No new washcloths morning 2 of a 3 morning stay, which would've been fine if they had left the used ones. Turndown service and chocolates were a nice touch, and the staff were friendly and helpful.The lobby is nice, with the smell of lillies almost over-powering.The 17th floor fitness center was run down and much of the equipment wasn't working.The hotel's restaurant -- we had dinner there one night -- the Pump Room, was VERY nice. Live jazz, awesome cocktails, and dinner was very good. The menu was limited, but it was great and the chef came out to make sure everything was ok. It was nice to have a great late-night dinner then take the elevator up to your room. For 3, including a couple glasses of wine, dinner ran about $250...about the norm for Chicago.The property's location is close to Rush and Division streets. Lots of bars and restaurants, but more of a walk to the Magnificent Mile for shopping. There's a Corner Bakery that's close for coffee and snacks/breakfast.I have read posts that make the claim that the property is being renovated. I cannot confirm this. The Pump Room menu said the restaurant was being renovated in March 2007. I'm not sure whether or not the entire property is, but I suppose it would make sense if they did it all at once.That said, i would only stay there again AFTER the renovation. Defenitely, in its current state, NOT a 4-star property.	
Mar 12 2007 	Classy Old Hotel	I love the history of this place. The Service was excellent. The rooms were small but clean and well furnished. The bathroom is where the hotel really shows its age. Small, with tub-shower. No room to set much of anything by the sink... shaving kit, make-up etc. But I would stay here again. My favorite part of the hotel was the Pump Room. The famous old restaurant and bar. Didn’t eat there, but a great quiet place to have a couple drinks with friends or while waiting for the wife to get ready.	
Feb 28 2007 	A perfect stay.	Just returned from 2 nights at the Ambassador and I have to say that I am very happy that I chose this hotel.It is true that this is an older hotel. But it is well kept and it does not lack in style and grandeur. (think of the hotel from the Shining, minus the elevator of blood and creepy twins.) From the check-in desk to the surprise turn down service from the maids, I was made to feel like royalty.A special acknowledgment goes out to the doormen who helped me with all my tourist questions.Also the location of the hotel is great. Close to all the action, but on a quite residential street with beautiful old mansions.I also got a sweet $89 per night room by booking on travelzoo. That was just an added bonus however. Even if I paid $200 per night, my impression of the Ambassador would not change.Highly, highly recommended.	
Feb 19 2007 	Expected better but could be worse	My wife and I stayed at the Ambassador East (AE) on a recent Saturday night. We booked our stay through Hotwire and paid $100 for the night. This doesn't pertain to AE, but we were a little surprised that the AE qualifies as being in the &quot;WaterTower&quot; section of Chicago, as it is actually a good walk from the WaterTower. On to the hotel itself. The lobby area is quite nice with marble floors and appears well kept. There was a large sitting area with fireplace and a piano, which we didn't make use if during our stay, but could be nice. The valet service leaves much to be desired, don't help with luggage or doors upon arrival, slow getting out vehicle when leaving. As another reviewer noted the lobby area had fragrant fresh flowers in it. Check-in and check-out were as quick and efficient as you could ask for. They even let us check in even though another person we were spending the weekend with, who had a different last name, had reserved the rooms. The actual rooms themselves were decent sized and appeared to be clean. The bathroom lacked for sized but towels were fresh and not worn. The ceiling of the room had several spots where the plaster was coming lose or had fallen away already. The chairs in the room could use a major update. A telephone jack in the room was basically falling off the wall. These little things leave me with an impression that this isn't really a 4-star hotel as it was billed. But it's certainly could be worse and for $100 is probably worth it. If you're looking to hit some bars on rush and near rush and division and then stay over-night you can't beat the location. If this had been a 3-star hotel all expectations would have been met. The bed and pillows were alright, but after many a drink I wasn't going to notice much as them anyway. I wasn't overly impressed with Pump Room, the attached restaurant. We went there Sat. night for late drinks and for Sunday breakfast. Though not busy either time, service was slow and the service staff seemed annoyed by our presence. My drinks were made as they should have been but my wife's drinks must have been mixed by a rookie bartender. The morning breakfast was good, but for the price it better be. Don't let me give you the wrong impression. This is an alright hotel, not 4-stars, but alright and at a good location.	
Feb 16 2007	Not bad but you could do a lot worse	We recently spent two nights at the Ambassador East, the 9th and 10th of Feb. Got a pretty good rate via an internet site when I looked for what was characterized as &quot;boutique&quot; rather than &quot;4-star&quot;. We've stayed in a half dozen different hotels for weekend getaways in the last six months and there are better options out there for comparable or better prices. First off, access to the entrance is logistically difficult; the street is narrow, no one seemed to be manning the valet parking so there was no place to disembark from our vehicle without parking a half block away...which is what we had to do. Bell help was non-existent. I don't require help with luggage as a rule but with temperatures in the single digits and struggling to produce the valet key for the parking guy...a little help with the bags would have been nice. Finally got inside and got checked in which was no problem at all. Pleasant desk help. Beautiful lobby, fresh, fragrant bouquets of flowers on the stairway up to the main lobby floor and also in the lobby proper...a very nice touch. Room was OK. Furnished adequately but not extravagantly and not terribly large. Carpets, walls, hardware, bathroom were all in good repair and I only mention it because I read reviews where people got threadbare carpet or stained bed linens. We saw nothing like that. Pillows really weren't up to what you would expect in a place like this...very flat with virtually no support but the mattress was comfortable. Ambassador East is in the portion of Chicago known as the Gold Coast so if you like downtown (Michigan Ave, etc) then this would not work for you. It is a ten minute cab ride to get to downtown, and, there aren't many restaurants within walking distance that are what I would consider good dining experiences. Back to the hotel. After we checked in Friday night, we went down to the lobby to talk to the concierge about restaurants...and found the concierge desk unoccupied on a Friday night. The desk clerk said he didn't know where the concierge was but he tried to recommend restaurants close by, within walking distance but his tastes were skewed by his age (mid 20s) and personal preferences which were not necessarily the same as ours. We did get fed and enjoyed ourselves primarily because life is what we make it and we like to enjoy life! Next day, we wanted to go out to lunch and on the way out, again stopped at the concierge to inquire about making dinner reservations. Again, no concierge, no manager, no one except the desk clerk who was no help at all. Finally, the bell captain took our name and our restaurant choice and left it for the concierge who would presumably be in later..... We went out and did some shopping and walking. Upon our return at 4 PM there was still no concierge and we learned that the bell captain had personally tried to make us reservations at the restaurant of our choice but could not because they were booked. I admired his tenacity but could not help but wonder where in the world the concierge was since the desk is prominently displayed in the lobby with a big sign on the front of it denoting its purpose. We ended up checking out Sunday morning and never ever once saw or even confirmed the existence of the aforementioned concierge....I don't think the hotel actually employed anyone in that capacity...I think that if someone had spare time, like the desk clerk or the bell captain, or the valet, they would sit there and assist people but no one was dedicated to the job which is a big mistake. People traveling to Chicago for the weekend or from out of town freqently want and need advice about night life and restaurants. Bottom line is that if you want good location and access to great restaurants, stay elsewhere. If you are looking for a cheap bed in Chicago, then this will work for you.	
Feb 8 2007 	Charming Old-Style Hotel	We also just returned from a frigid weekend in Chicago. I booked the Ambassador East because of its great rate, $89.00 with my AAA card and we were delighted. Yes, the rooms show some signs of wear, but the warmth and charm far make up for it. This was such a pleasant change from the sleek, modern look of many other chain and boutique hotels. We became members of the I preferred program and were therefore eligible for an upgrade which we automatically got upon check in. We had a lovely suite with lots of sitting room and a comfortable bedroom and bathroom. We had wonderful food at the Pump Room which is classic. Our oatmeal there was so tastefully served, I'd love to have some right now! The location was great. Had it been normal winter weather, we could have easily walked to Michigan Avenue for shopping, but due to the minus 20 degree windchills, we opted for a cab which was less than a $5.00 fare. We also enjoyed a glass of wine around the fireplace in the lobby and found it so welcoming and cozy and not overcrowed at all. We would definitely stay here again!	
Feb 5 2007	Excellent hotel	My husband, ten year old daughter and I stayed at the Ambassador East this past weekend. Although temps were below zero, the hotel was warm and inviting. When we requested a larger room after arriving, we were placed in a large room with living area, modern bathroom, Aveda products and two double beds. Service was excellent and the fireplace lounge was cozy in the evenings. The Pump Room is beautiful, even though we had a child with us they invited us in one evening, let us enjoy a glass of wine and brought our daughter a special dessert while we listened to live jazz. We hear this landmark hotel and restaurant are about to undergo some serious changes, and although I'm sure renovations are probably needed, it will be a shame to give up any of the charm or history. We will definitely visit again.	
Jan 13 2007 	Felt right at home...	I was recently forced to leave the comforts of my Chicago condo due to repairs. A neighbor of mine reccommended the Ambassador East Hotel. He had lived there for several months before he moved into his condo. He seemed to hold the hotel in high regard so I took his advice. I never expected such a warm and welcoming environment. The hotel is so unique. Much more character than any of the other hotels I have seen in Chicago. To say I was impressed would be a huge understatement. The staff remembered my name and by the end of my stay they felt very much like a family. I reccommend this hotel to all.	
Dec 19 2006 	Wonderful hotel	My husband and I recently had our most enjoyable trip to Chicago, staying at The Ambassador East Hotel. From the first person we spoke to while booking our reservation to the last person we saw as we left the hotel staff was the friendliest we have encountered. The room we stayed in felt warm and home-like and had a breath taking view of the city. We will definitely stay at The Ambassador East Hotel again. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 24 2006 	Very nice stay at this hotel	This is a lovely, historic hotel. I liked the &quot;comfortable&quot; rooms that didn't have all black accents, weird colors on the walls, and nothing fluffy in sight. The lobby was warm and welcoming on a blustery, cold Chicago weekend, especially the fireplace area. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. The Friday evening concierge and lobby staff were particularly helpful when my husband and I came in, literally, drenched from standing in the rain at Shedd's Aquarium waiting for a cab. It was about 35 degrees and we were, to put it lightly, miserable. They offered to order pizza &quot;in&quot; and we could sit in front of the fire and eat after we changed and got warm. We ended up taking a cab and going out to eat pizza, but they remembered us as we came back down and were walking out and inquired if we were &quot;warm yet?&quot; Perhaps the carpet was a bit worn in our room, but the linens were nice, the bed comfortable and the room (suite) was very clean and cozy. Small TV, but that's not why I stay in a hotel, so no problem for me.	
Nov 19 2006 	way overrated 	This Hotel is about 40 years past due for renovation!!!!! Bathroom door knob broken-door does not lock except when using the deadbolt. A/c unit rattles. Carpet needs a major cleaning. Bathtub surface peeling. Walls need new wallpaper. Drafty windows. Furnature scratched and worn. Staff was very nice and professional. For the money spent I will go elsewhere next time. I have stayed in Holiday inn's that looked better than this. This hotel is no value for the condition it is in. In my opinion this is not a three or four star hotel!	
Nov 13 2006 	Not impressed	We were not impressed with this hotel at all. First the Doorman did not acknowledge us upon arrival, we had to get our own bags out of the cab while he stood and talked to a co-worker. Check in was neutral, desk staff definitely was not over friendly. During our stay we were only greeted by the maid staff that we saw in the hallway upstairs. Otherwise, we passed by the Concierge, Front Desk, Bellman and Doorman several times without ever being greeted! The room was small and located down a side hallway which was only big enough for one person to walk down at a time. The beds were not very comfortable and were just topped off w/ a down comforter w/ no cover. The bathroom was small and not clean. There was &quot;pubic&quot; type hair in our tub and on the floor, and the tub needed to be reglazed. The only good thing about the bathroom was the mirror was big, they had Avedo products and the sink was a cute, newer free standing. When we called about the hair they did respond quickly but the maid didn't even get it all and we just ended up rinsing in down the drain ourselves. We paid $285 for this hotel through Hotwire b/c we went on a weekend packed full of conventions and wanted to scream when we realized what we got for our money. The location isn't ideal either, it is out of the way so it was quite but it is a $5.00 cab ride to the Mag. Mile or you can walk about 4 blocks to the Subway station at Clark/Division and take that down for $1.75 plus a $.25 transfer fee (to take the train back within 2 hour window).	
Nov 3 2006 	Too pricey for accommodations!	The Ambassador East would have been a fine hotel if we had paid about half the price for the room we had. The room was very worn...the carpet seemed dirty and definitely had seen better days (about 20 years ago), the bathroom was very small and the toilet and tub both had cracks. Fortunately, the linens on the bed were fairly new and comfortable; however, the 2 pillows provided on the bed were not comfortable and there were no extras in the room. We ended up paying about $300 (after taxes) a night for this hotel and couldn't help feeling a little ripped off for the accommodations. The location is good and the front desk staff was friendly, but I would only stay here if you get a really good rate.	
Oct 14 2006 	Good location for the price a 10 minute walk Michigan Ave.	This Hotel is located in a very upmarket end of Chicago. We found it was a very plesent 10 minutes to Michigan Ave. Our room, by European standards was very large, we had a twin and it had two double beds, still with ample space to walk around, a walk in wardrobe, with a iron and iroing borad provided and a comfortable large bath. It was clean and comfortable. Within walking distance are many american style restaurants both for breakfast and dinner. The Concierge staff were really helpful with booking tours and with suggestion as to how we might get around to see the city. For us it was all we needed in a hotel for a short city visit.	
Oct 13 2006 	A Gem	I was allocated this hotel by Priceline and after reading some reviews was a little concerned. Okay so some say it's not the jewel it once was, but it's a gem by my standards. I called the hotel a few days before we flew out, to ask for a non smoking room, and have nothing but praise for the courteous way in which my call was handled. On arrival, the front desk staff were also courteous and helpful. A quick word here about access: there are 5 or 6 steps up to the lobby and another 5 or 6 up to the bar and restaurant. If steps are a problem for you , check with the hotel. All rooms are served by elevators.Our room was large, clean and nicely appointed with plenty of drawer and hanging space ( a proper wardrobe too). . The location is perfect - just a few short blocks to bars (Division St) and restaurants (N Rush St) also bus and 'El' stops. The lake is 2 blocks away - but to get to it you have to go under the busy main road ( steps ). The restaurant is pricey but worth every cent: we only had breakfast but it was divine. We could not fault the Ambassador East and would like to thank all concerned for making our stay so enjoyable.	
Oct 13 2006 	Beautiful old hotel	After reading reviews here and on other travel websites, I was very worried about staying at the Ambassador East in Chicago but I was pleasantly surprised. From the moment I stepped out of the cab, the staff was ready to serve. The check-in was fast and smooth as was the check-out. The hotel is old and I knew that upon arrival but it is old school gorgeous with its' architecture, light fixtures, paintings and pictures on the wall. The suite was large with antiques. The bedding was all new and I would have to say, one of the best nights of sleep in a hotel that I have had in a long time. The bathroom was tiny, the tub drained slow but it was clean and the HBA products were Aveda, which is a nice touch. We did have dinner in the famed Pump Room. The food and the service was excellent. My mouth is watering thinking about the Wild Alaskan Salmon. My cousin had the Dueling Soups for a starter and said that it was fantastic. Applebee's price range it is not so keep that in mind. The neighborhood is gorgeous, too. It is close to the lake and not far from Wrigley Field. Our only complaints were that they still want to charge $10 to hook into their Internet and we did not feel that we should pay even more to check on business. Another complaint was using the valet service. We hoped to just put the charges on our bill but in the early morning when we tried to leave, the valet had to jump into the vehicle and take us (2 women) around the corner to a parking garage to pay. Take note: there is an outdoor self-park right across the street.	
Oct 2 2006	Loved it would return historic hotel in the Gold Coast	I found the Ambassador East to be great. The location is great, tucked away in an elegant neighborhood. The hotel is historic, the lobby is beautiful. They are in the midst of a renovation of their rooms and we stayed in a room with new bedspreads, new bathroom amenities, etc. I am pretty picky about my hotels but nevertheless would return to the Ambassador in a second.	
Sep 21 2006	Prime location and great staff	My stay at the Ambassador East was for a company meeting in September 2006. My organization required 30 rooms, plus meeting facilities, and extensive use of the catering and restaurant services. All in all, the hotel did a great job. The events coordinator and staff in general were stellar. A few small exceptions were some wait staff/bar staff who we noted had worked some extreme shifts - they seemed to always be there, whether early AM or late PM. Their endurance for our loud bunch seemed a little taxed at times, but I can hardly blame them. When we acknowledged our surprise (and sympathy) for their ubiquitous presence, they seemed to warm to us. The hotel itself is a historic property - I believe 100+ years old. Charm follows, but so does certain unfortunate elements such as persistent humidity throughout the hotel. While it was occasionally raining during my stay with outside humidity around 70% most days, I would still expect my hotel room's environment to not feel moist all the time. Most people in our group commented on this problem, noting that even their clean clothes felt dewy right out of the suitcase. It reminded me of that feeling you get when you go camping. Maybe it was just the time of year - who knows, but after my business stay at the Ambassador I moved to another hotel a block away - Hotel Indigo - and did not experience the interior humidity issues. Décor in the rooms was dated and frumpy for my taste - but most noticeable was the general wear of the furnishings (room 447): stained carpet, threadbare/stained bedspread, and some banged-up walls. The good news is this should all be completely updated with a fresh, boutique-like décor within six months or so. The hotel is finalizing their new appointments and the hotel events coordinator showed our company’s meeting coordinator their “model” room. The report came back very favorable with clean-lined furniture, wenge wood detailing, and a neutral color palette. That should be much better. When complete, it sounds like the new look will warrant the price and its AAA four-diamond rating. The Pump Room restaurant was alright. The historic photographs and wine selections are the best thing going for it. Since we were relegated to their catering menu, I can’t comment for the real menu offerings, but what we had was palatable and satisfactory. Concierge was extremely friendly and helpful. The business center is a little lacking and high-speed wireless internet should be free. They’re a little behind their peers on that detail as most hotels in their price range offer that service at no extra cost. It’s a good property, with a generally great staff and the location is prime.	
Sep 6 2006 	Excellent choice good value	Just about everything worked out great with this hotel, it was a first time visit. I prefer to stay closer to Lakeview area but the hotels there were all booked for the Labor day weekend. After extensive shopping around I found the Ambassador East with a rate of $143 a night for a nice room with a king size bed. When we arrived we were professionally greeted with prompt service and expedited to our room on the 17th floor (top floor). It was nice and large and very comfortable. I did notice a smell of chlorine or chemicals and thought they might be from the fitness room which is on the same floor, but there is no pool or whirlpool. The chemical odor disappaited after our first day so it must have just been from the room getting a good thorough cleaning. The view of the city from the 17th floor is quite spectacular. Positive things: Nice fitness facility although we never got around to using it, the weather was to nice and we spent most of the time outdoors, location - only 3 blocks from the red line stop at Clark and Division and walking distance to the shopping along the magificent mile and the Ohio River. On the negative side, getting hot water on the 17th floor takes a long time, about 10 minutes actually so you will be waiting to take a shower, the carpet in the room is somewhat worn but is clean, as is the tub in the bath which could use resurfacing or replacement. All in all it was pleasant and for the money we spent there, a good value.	
Aug 21 2006 	Good hotel for my money	My fiance and I spent Memorial Day weekend visiting Chicago, his first time ever and my first since I was a kid. We booked through Hotwire for about $120 a night and I was a little worried from previous reviews. I was happily surprised. It certainly is not at Omni standards anymore: our room was a bit old looking (the bedspread and bed covers were clashing loud florals with a forest green carpet). But everything was pretty clean and the bathroom was great! I was happy to see Aveda products in the bathroom! Our remote control did not work and the front desk sent up a replacement. I also forgot a razor and they happily sent up a toiletries kit with nice products. The cleaning was thorough (except for one little corner that never got cleaned but there was nothing gross just a bit of dust). The location of the hotel is awesome! The walk to the metro (I don't know what the El is called underground) was about 7 minutes which was perfect and was also only a quick walk to some fun (sort of expensive) bars on a trendy strip. We enjoyed the Whiskey very much. Service at the hotel was great and I know that can depend on who is at the desk but I think it also has something to do to what the customer brings to the situation. We had a good experience and it was definitely worth 120/night though I would not pay more than 150 for this hotel.	
Aug 8 2006 	loved love love	I took my 2 teenage girls on a trip back home to the Chicago area and wanted to stay in the city a couple days to show them the sights. Wonderful hotel, the area was so Chicago. Walking distance to EVERYTHING. The hotel is just stuck right smack dab in one of the wealthiest neighborhoods in Chicago. Very classy, nice and quiet old town Chicago. The rooms were clean and nice, the halls were quiet and the pump room was wonderful, welcoming and friendly.I recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a real taste of Chicago, or if you are going back for a visit home and want to really feel like you are home.wonderful staff and just a great feeling all the way around.Cannot wait to go again. This hotel is not for the 20 something party maniacs, its very sophisticated and filled with old style class if you want loud out of control music and drunks hanging around the halls go the the &quot;W&quot; hotel down the street.	
Aug 2 2006	Great hotel	We booked this hotel through Priceline and were worried after reading the mixed reviews from other visitors. We needn't have worried because everything was excellent from the moment we stepped through the door in to the splendid lobby area, to the very pleasant reception staff and friendly gentleman who showed us to our room. The room was very large (particularly by English standards!), beautifully decorated and lacked nothing. We had been a bit doubtful about being further north than we had wished to be but the area was excellent. A lovely quiet residential area only two blocks from the lake and only a few blocks north of Magnificent Mile with plenty of good quality and good value restaurants within easy walking distance. We thoroughly enjoyed our time in Chicago - a wonderful city made even better by staying at the Ambassador East - I would recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 31 2006	The dirtiest most run down hotel in Chicago!	Please do not even consider staying here. I am a Chicago native and used to think this hotel was an old, classic, grand hotel. Was I ever wrong!!! From the second we walked in, we could tell that most of the guests were the type of people you find at a motel in Atlantic City. We walked into our room and almost got sick. There were disgusting stains all over the carpeting and on the bedspread. The sheets felt like sandpaper and had old stains on them. We were going to try to suck it up but just realized for $475 (2 nights), we would rather sleep standing up!After we complained they showed us another room that was just as creepy, run down and dirty. Since we booked through orbitz the hotel could not give us a refund but we called orbitz and after they spoke to the manager, gave us a full refund on my credit card.I was so sad to see that this hotel had become some unsanitary...it used to be a Chicago landmark.	
Jul 12 2006	Pass the Windex	We stayed 3 nights at The Abassador East. It was not without its charms as I enjoy older, boutique style hotels but I have much experience with 4 star hotels and do not see this hotel deserving anything above a 3 star rating. My complaints are thus:1)Two smallish windows in the room were filthy. It really looked bad and gave a dirty feel to the entire room.2) Our king sized bed had a non-fitted bottom sheet which was barely tucked in. Throughout the night it would bunch up exposing us to a bare mattress.No down comforter, no pillow top mattress, just 2 king-sized pillows. Nohigh thread count sheets.3) Really small television with low quality audio.4) A bathroom door which would not shut unless locked into place.5) No vent fan in bathroom.6) Single air conditioning/heating unit, room either too hot or too cold and those things are always loud. The nicer hotels use vented systems, not these units.On the plus side, I would say the staff was friendly, the neighborhood was charming and convenient.	
Jun 13 2006	Great Staff vintage hotel not an Omni anymore	This Historic hotel has character. The staff made our stay very enjoyable. We were there June 8-12, 2006. When we arrived we were unhappy with our room, disappointed,room hot even with A/C running at MAX cool and blackout curtains drawn. Bathrooms have no fans. We had an additional night stay on Sun because of flight schedules (Hotwire hotel prices had gone up significantly by the time we found the good airfare prices, plus with Hotwire we didn't know where we would end up, even with 4 stars.) We immediately made other reservations at both The Drake and The Omni. (We used our cell phones, EACH local call $1.15 whether connected or not.)Ambassador East Staff was tenacious, yet courteous and professional in their efforts to keep our business at the Ambassador East. Oumania was upfront about wanting to keep our business with them and upgraded our room to a suite on the opposite side of the building (no afternoon sun) .We received the upgrade whether we or not we stayed the extra night. We decided to spend our entire time at the Ambassador East, partly because the cost was significantly less than the Omni or Drake but also because the Ambassador East staff was friendly and helpful plus the upgraded suite was more what we were expecting from the original booking on Hotwire. We were not exactly thrilled with Hotwire's policy of not knowing the hotel until AFTER you pay. We only tried Hotwire because friends we were going with recommended Hotwire, they had gotten The Drake for less than we got the Ambassador East. The bottom line for working stiffs like us is PRICE. We will probably use Hotwire again,but we will book as early as possible. As it was we booked about 2-4 weeks after our friends (who have used Hotwire for the same timeframes and have gotten The Palmer House and this time The Drake, both for less than we paid for the Ambassador East) and we paid $150/night for the Ambassador East, they paid $112/night for The Drake. The Ambassador East is no longer an Omni hotel. I loved the Ambassador East's Business Center (2nd floor), open 24hours, free internet and free printing for my Yahoo! maps of the area. I could check my e-mail but more importantly I could print my SouthWest boarding passes 24 hours in advance.The Pump Room restaurant was okay (2 comp breakfasts) but pricey. It would have been $47 plus tip for the Chef's Table(buffet), an American Breakfast(2 eggs, ham, potatoes, toast), coffee and juice. The Pump Room itself was cool, B/W pics of celebrities from &quot;the good old days&quot;. Staff there was also very nice.We did not rent a car, mostly because of the high daily valet parking rates $36/day in/out privileges, covered garage Across the street was a public parking lot $29/day, not sure of in/out rights. The parking in Chicago was expensive, about $10-15 minimum, $20-30/day rate.) We would stay at the Ambassador East again, if the price was right (less than $100 night).	
Jun 1 2006	Nice hotel nice location terrible service	The first and most important requirement for a hotel is to be able to get a good night's rest. This hotel did not provide that and so you should avoid it. The hotel was nice enough, if you like vintage hotels as I do. The location was very nice, easy walking distance to Old Town, Rush St., the Hancock Center and 3 blocks from the red line.But they blew it our last night there. Somebody decided to have a drunken party in the room next to ours at 1:30 am. It took four phone calls to the front desk and 30 minutes to get the situation resolved. Their initial response was to call up to the party room and ask them to be quiet! Give me a break! Have they never been around drunk people before? This response from management was unacceptable and they offered no apology and no effort to right the issue.	
Jun 1 2006	Way past it's prime	We booked this hotel through Hotwire, fortunately for a single night stay. Though the hotel has an interesting history, it is 'over the hill'. . .ambience does not equate comfort. Our room was tiny but the bed was comfy. The bathroom needed renovation. Upon entering we noticed a distinct 'toilet' odor. We asked to be moved to another room but were told that our request could not be considered until late afternoon. .so, because our stay was to be short, we remained in the assigned room. I'm certain we will never book the Ambassador East again. Not rcommended!	
May 30 2006	Disappointed	Made reservations several months ago for two rooms with two double beds because we were attending a wedding at the Pump Room over Memorial Day weekend. Arrived to find that they didn't have the rooms we reserved. They had a single bed room and offered a roll-away bed.Also paid $36.00 for valet parking only to discover later that the rear bumper had the paint scraped and also had white latex paint. It appears it the car was backed into a wall or fence.Hotel is old and dated. Doors and moldings are covered with many lawers of paint. Facet in the bath was the type you press to turn on. The water would remain running for over 50 seconds after being release.	
May 26 2006	Horrible service	We had booked a block of rooms with this hotel for our wedding (15 rooms). However, they could not get a single thing correct. First, they gave us a cutoff date on when the rates wouldn't be guarenteed. A family member called a few days before this, but they would not grant the discounted rate. My husband called and they said that they supposed they would try and give them the discounted rate and it wasn't their fault because they were training new people. (How is this not their fault??). They gave us nothing to make up for this. Next, we were supposed to have a room to get ready in for the wedding. However none of the staff would help us carry up our stuff. There was no iron in the room as promised. There was nothing to hang our clothes on, so my wedding dress was laying on the floor. They were told we were ordering food from there, ordered sandwiches and were told that it would be at least 45 minutes. Once we finally ate, food was mediocre at best. When we were ready to leave, we, once again, could not find anyone to help us carry stuff down so my parents and older relatives and friends got stuck carrying bags and boxes of stuff down. They had promised strawberries and champagne in our suite, however (surprise surprise) they didn't show up! The rooms were ok, definitely NOT worth the price. Very disappointed in the service. Would strongly recommend staying AWAY from here!!	
May 8 2006	Bumped out of the Hotel.	Booked to stay 2 nights 3/5/06 to 5/506 through Hotwire.Arrived at the Hotel after a long Journey at 20.00 hours to be greeted with you do not have a room,we have over booked and we are transfering you to &quot; The Gold Coast Hotel&quot;the Taxi driver said he had never heard of this Hotel but said he will take us to the addresson arrival it was the Days Inn a no star dump from a 4 star booked hotel,we returned to the Ambassador and told them that under no circumstances were we going to stay there,they kept on telling us thst there was no other Hotels available due to a big conference in the City,we said that we would sleep in their lounge and advertise our plight,low and behold they suddenly found us a room in the IDIGO HOTEL around the corner,we left with doubts but on arrival at the Inigo it was a dream,staff were great,rooms fabulous the Ambassador gave us the option of staying the 2 nights there or return the next day for a up grade no way were we going to return,this ment checking out at 12.00. check in at 3.00 which would have ruined that complete day.The Ambassador Hotel had sold off the empty rooms weeks earlier to Hotwire and then when a Big Conference came up decided to Bump the Hotwire guests (approx 56) to the Days Inn and cash in on the Rates to the the Delegates of Companys.Hotwire have kindly refunded all my costs and we hope that they never use the Ambassador again.The outcome is a very Greedy Ambassador Hotel with no regard to the people who had booked this Hotel in good faithThe good thing to come out of this is the INDIGO HOTEL was Fab.we would recommend this Hotel to ALL.Regards Alan &amp; Gwen Moran 88 Delph Park Ave. Aughton, Lancs L39 5DQ U.K. e-mail 2more@moran3.wanadoo.co.uk	
Apr 8 2006	Yes it's older but......	it definitely has character. We spent a week there, just last week. Couldn't have been happier. What with seeing the negative reviews, we were a bit worried. We paid $100/night on Priceline, and I figured we'd get the short end of the stick. Couldn't have been more wrong. From check in with Oumania, behind the counter, we were off to a great start. And talk to Mark, the security guy, if you're into sports. He can fill you in on your favorite and not so favorite players that come thru town. The doormen, too were all very friendly. And here we were Sox fans in the North of town. They all couldn't have been nicer. OK, so our room carpet was a bit worn, and one wall had a crack, and the tub had some paint peeling around the drain. But it wasn't dirty or moldy, like I've read here. The one BIG negative......didn't care for the room coffee. OH, it wasn't the coffee it was the water. Once we changed that to bottle water, it was great. Housekeeping took a worn bathrobe (yes, they have bathrobes)and didn't replace it. When my wife called, they were up within 10 min. The King bed was very comfortable, with a ton of pillows. It's close to the &quot;L&quot;...4 blocks. 2 blocks away are Lakeshore Dr. and bars and restaraunts on Division. A bit further north on Wells is Old Town which has a great atmosphere for an older neighborhood. Only had drinks at The Pump Room, and it too had a great atmosphere. We'd be back!	
Apr 6 2006	Lovely Old Hotel with a Nice Staff	We reserved two rooms for three night at the Ambassador East in Chicago using Hotwire and got a terrific price of $101/room/night. I thought this was wonderful, for a Chicago &quot;Gold Coast&quot; hotel. Being Hotwire, I did not know the name of the hotel till after I paid my money. I was really concerned when I read some of these unfavorable Trip Advisor reviews. All I can say is we had a lovely visit. The hotel is old, but very charming and the staff is polite and helpful. The rooms were very large and had great beds and linens and bath products. The surrounding neighborhood is really lovely, so walking to shopping and restaurants was very pleasant. We even walked to the Art Institute, though that is a long way. They do charge alot for valet parking ($36/night) -- but so do all the hotels in big-city-downtown areas. Since we were traveling with teenagers, we did not dine at the Pump Room. There are great restaurants within easy walking distance of the Ambassador -- in all price ranges and styles. I highly recommmend this hotel, for people who appreciate old-world charm, and want to enjoy a lovely big-city neighborhood, with easy access to Magnificent Mile shopping.	
Apr 3 2006	Fabulous!	I loved the Ambassador! What a great hotel. It's really beautiful, and the room was absolutely striking, very classic and elegant. Everything was done really well: the staff treated me like a regular. This is a top-notch hotel, the best place I've stayed in a long time. My only complaint is that I wish it was on the Mile, but that's it.	
Mar 31 2006	Great Deal Great Location Great Staff	Our family of four got a deal through Priceline for the Ambassador East for three nights, 3/27-3/30, it sounded like a nice hotel but after some of the reviews I was a little worried. But it was great. All the staff was very professional and helpful, and didn't make us feel like second class citizens for the Priceline deal($ 90 a night.) I hadn't realized that Priceline didn't guarantee two beds, and so I was worried about that. But they not only gave us a room with two double beds, nonsmoking, as requested, they saw that our boys (12 and 16) were &quot;pretty big&quot; so they gave us an upgrade to a large room with two beds and a fold out sofa. The boys were delighted they didn't have to share a bed! And it was terrific to have the extra space as we weren't there for the nightlife and were usually back in the hotel, after a full day at the museums, by nightfall, so we had space to hang out. And yes, the bathroom was small, but the old-fashioned deep bathtubs are terrific for soaking after a hard day of sightseeing! It was in a nice neighborhood within easy walking distance, as everybody says, to the subway and to restaurants and that worked out great. Yes, the hotel is older, and the furniture a bit worn,and the TV reception wasn't great, but the beds were new, and very comfortable, and for a deal like that, you don't complain! We left a generous tip for the maid each day and the room was always made up promptly and we were &quot;showered&quot; with extra towels. And the best part? When we checked out -no surprise extra charges or fees for the upgrade or &quot;extra people&quot; - just exactly what we were told in the beginning. I've been to hotels where you think you &quot;got a deal&quot; only to get hit with surprise fees and charges when you check out. Not here! We were very happy with our stay and delighted they gave us the upgrade. Give it a try.	
Mar 29 2006	Ambassador East	We had a fantastic stay at the Ambassador East. We stayed March 11 to 16/06. Within 1/2 hour walk of most attractions north of the river. 5 minute walk to Lake Michigan. 10 minutes to subway. Lots of great retaurants within 10 minutes.Valet parking a little expensive (~ US$36 per day). Pump Room (in house restaurant) requires &quot;dressing up&quot; for dinner.	
Mar 28 2006 	great hotel		
Mar 27 2006	A wonderful hotel		
Mar 26 2006 	AE is over rated		
Mar 20 2006	What a DUMP		
Mar 16 2006	Wonderful hotel experience!		
Mar 13 2006	A great hotel and super service from staff.		
Feb 26 2006	Ok for a discount price not a 4-star hotel		
Feb 16 2006 	Not bad; not four-star		
Jan 29 2006	Oldie but Goodie		
Jan 18 2006	Just What I Needed		
