Nov 4 2009 	Convenient reasonable Chicago Downtown Hotel	In great location on Ontario Street, a block off Michigan. 4 blocks from the El. Good price including breakfast. Great staff that goes out of their way to help including printing out directions to places you want to go. Free internet in all rooms and computer to use for free in the lobby with a printer so you can print your boarding pass. No restaurant or food pantry for snacks, but a number of restaurants of all caliber nearby. Most of the places we went to in Chicago, Drake hotel for drinks, Chicago cultural center, Millenium park, we could walk to.	
Oct 14 2009 	Good functional hotel walk to restaurants some downtown attractions	Good, clean hotel with cheerful staff. Stayed here for a trade show. Reliable wireless. 1.5 blocks from Michigan Avenue, about 4 or 5 blocks up to the Water Tower area where there is a Walgreens. Across the street from the Courtyard (which has a small Starbucks and paid Internet) and the Red Roof Inn. Walk out of the hotel and make a left and about halfway down the block is a Chipolte Mexican Grill and a Pot Belly's Sandwich shop (if you've ever traveled through Midway Airport, their location there has a constant long line; better than Subway, Quizno's). Free breakfast is minimal, with waffle-maker and microwaveable Jimmy Dean breakfast sandwiches, dry cereal, some fruit, and juices. Good for a quick meal. Rooms and facilities were clean. Views on sides and back of building are not remarkable, just other buildings. A good functional hotel, a place to hang your hat, just like Fairfield Inn is supposed to be.	
Oct 12 2009 	Good location - that's about it.	The location for this hotel is great. It is right off of Michigan Avenue about 5 blocks from the Hancock center. The lobby is nice as are the people who work at the hotel. The rooms leave something to be desired. While clean they are not updated and provide the bar minimum of comforts. There is no lotion in the bathroom. The towels are as thin as paper. The blanke is a thick sheet. The workout room is pathetic. It does come with a decent breakfast. My rate was not that cheap (around $200 a night). For that much money I would expect a little more. My conference was at the Drake and I could have stayed in absolute luxury for $240 a night. This is a god place if all you care about is locationa nd you want zero, and I mean zero, frills.	
Oct 11 2009 	Hotel that lives us to its promises	My husband and I stayed here to celebrate our wedding anniversary. We are native chicagoans but had not been near the magnificient mile in ages. This hotel was in a great location and did not costs an arm &amp; leg. When we got there, the staff greeted us with a smile. The continental breakfast was just awesome. The room was very very clean and very comfortable. I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 22 2009 	Great Service and Location	I attended a convention for Print09 and found the staff to be outstanding. Janet at the front desk helped in making dinner reservations and pointing out places of interest.My hotel room was perfect after a long day at the show - Maricela, my room attendant did an excellent job.I would definately stay again and would recommend it to anyone attending the convention center.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great Stay at Fairfield Inn Dwntn Chicago	I had a great experience at the Downtown Chicago Fairfield Inn. Usually, I stay at full service Marriott's because of the service, but I can tell you that the service at this Fairfield was better than I have received at most Marriotts. The front desk reps gave me directions to where I was going before I asked for them. It kind of spooked me that they could read my mind like that. ;0) They called up to my room to make sure everything was ok with it. Above all, they smiled where very pleasant to deal with and made me feel very welcome. You can tell that the hotel is well managed and that the people really liked to work there. That really comes through and makes a differnce in their dealings with customer.Even if the Marriott isn't full, the next time I travel to downtown Chicago, you can find me at the Fairfield Inn.MB	
Sep 8 2009 	Perfect for a city break - great hotel!	We stayed here last weekend on Friday and Saturday night and had a great time. The hotel location is perfect - easy walking distance to the shopping area and great night life/places to eat. On first appearances the hotel looks really good from the outside - nice frontage with drop off parking area and staff waiting to help. Inside it is just as nice, the lobby is spacious and really modern looking with a cool, chilled out city vibe. The staff were great - really friendly and gave us some great advice on where to go and what to see (also, they originally booked us in on the top floor but as I have issues with lifts they were more than happy to move us to the 3rd floor so I could use the stairs - no fuss!). The rooms were brilliant - really clean, airey and nice places to relax after a hard day shopping (or a great night out!). The hotel breakfast was good - continental style with bread fruit, cereals, juices and coffees as well as Jimmy Dean breakfast sandwiches or hot oatmeal. Overall I would highly rate this hotel and next time I'm in Chicago I plan on coming back here to stay. Although the hotel doesn't have free parking there are loads of parking lots nearby where you can park for 24 hours for about $30 which is not too bad for a city centre!	
Aug 31 2009 	Affordable and conveniently located	From it's friendly staff to it's good location, this hotel made our stay in Chicago much more enjoyable. The bed was comfortable, you don't pay extra for internet access in your room, breakfast is fair since it's included in the rate, and they were always willing to help giving directions or suggesting restaurants or places to visit. We walked to Navy Pier, Millenium Park, Magnificent mile, and different restaurants without feeling drained.I would deffinitelly recommend this hotel :) it's official, I LOVE CHICAGO :)	
Aug 13 2009 	Location Location Location	This was the perfect location for a first-timer in Chicago.It was great value and close to the sights of Chicago. The service was very friendly and my rate included a free breakfast (although it was very busy on the second morning)If I go back to Chicago, I will be staying here again!	
Aug 11 2009 	Perfect location	We stayed here for an opera weekend in late Feb. and got a stellar rate with Marriott eBreaks. The location is perfect, the rooms comfortable and the staff efficient and helpful. Free breakfast was unusually good. The hotel is mere blocks from the Mag Mile and very close to a Dunkin' Donuts with extended hours (not to be underestimated during freezing Feb.). Highly recommend.	
Aug 8 2009 	never been so impressed by a hotel!	This hotel was absolutely perfect! I traveled with two of my good friends and we got a great rate for a fairly large room! We had a king sized bed and a sofabed and two large tvs &amp; a stereo. It was clean, and the staff was friendly and helpful. After we checked in, they called to make sure the room was okay! The location was also perfect; not even 5 minutes from Michigan avenue and within easy walking distance of Navy Pier! The room ended up being $50 split 3 way! I would recommend this to anyone staying in Chicago.	
Aug 1 2009 	Solo Female From Small Town/Felt Very Safe	I was in town for a family member having surgery and the location was excellent for the commute. I am a smoker and the staff made me feel comfortable at all hours that I had to stand/sit out front to smoke. The breakfast variety was great, and the cleanliness and staff courtesy was wonderful at all times. I will be staying again in August for a second surgery scheduled at that time, with the comfort of knowing I'll be in safe hands, and I'm sure to have a restfull retreat from the hospital visits. Thanks so much for an enjoyable stay at a difficult time.	
Jul 28 2009 	Excellent Value and Super location to everything Chicago!	What a gem to find in Chicago. Just off Michigan Ave, so not super busy. Quick walk to Michigan Avenue and subway station at Grand or Chicago. Parking was expensive ($42 per night) but typical for Chicago hotels. Staff was very nice and helpful. Free breakfast was fine for our needs, but tended to get very crowded. Room was very clean and updated. A little small for the four of us, but we were not in the room much. You could hear the voices of those next door and in the hallway and it seems the hotel is close to a hospital since we could hear sirens at night. Nothing to ruin our trip, but the rooms are not super quiet. We would stay here again for sure--watch for Marriott weekend deals for great prices!	
Jul 20 2009 	convenient clean friendly	Stayed here July 11-14. Wife was in town on business, me and the kids explored the city. The hotel was very clean and the staff was always very friendly and knowledgable about the area. We took very short cab rides ($6-$12) to Navy Pier, Shedd Aquarium/Field Museum, Sears Tower. We walked to Pizzeria Due, Magnificent Mile, and the Grand Ave El Station. Walked back 6 blocks from the El Station at 10 PM and felt very safe...lots of people walking around. Continental Breakfast was a plus.	
Jul 16 2009 	Very pleasantly surprised!	I stayed at the Fairfield Inn, East Ontario Street for three nights last February. So glad I opted for this hotel. The staff were very welcoming, the room was ideal, and I found the breakfast good and filling. As it was my first visit to Chicago, I wanted to be somewhere central, so I could visit the main sights easily, again the Fairfield Inn came up trumps as Michigan Ave and the Navy Pier are just walking distance away! I couldn't have asked for a more ideal base from which to explore this wonderful city, and would definitely stay there again.P.S. A good way to get there from O'Hare airport is by train initially to Chicago Avenue and then the bus which drops you just around the corner from the hotel. It only cost about 3 dollars!!	
Jul 8 2009 	Excellent downtown choice	Just spent 2 nights at Fairfield Inn and Suites in downtown Chicago, with my wife and 2 year old. The hotel experience was excellent in every way. All the hotel staff we encoutered, check-in, room service, valet and cleaning persons were very friendly and professional. We had a King Suite so that our 2 year old could sleep early and we could still have another room to watch TV, read, etc., and it was wonderful. When we arrived, I asked where we could buy some milk for the baby and the front desk clerk said they would just bring some to the room. Within 5 minutes of getting to the room, some milk arrived. By that time, I realized I had not requested a baby crib so the guy turned around and had a crib back up to us in 5 minutes. All with smiles.The breakfast was included in the room rate and had the standard continental fare, plus make your own waffles and surprisingly good prepackaged Jimmy Dean breakfast sandwiches. It was very busy but they did a good job of keeping things stocked and clean.The location is excellent, on Ontario a block or so from Michigan. We walked to the museum campus, millenium park, navy pier, etc. There are unlimited restaurants within walking distance and of course all the shopping most people want on Michigan Ave, Watertower, Northbridge, etc. We have stayed in this area for long weekend stays and business trips many times and this is our new favorite place.	
Jun 25 2009 	Downtown Bargain	My wife and I were in town for one night to see a concert at the United Center. After much online comparing of properties, amenities, and prices, I settled on the Fairfield. It turned out to be a good choice.The staff, from valets to concierge to bellman was very polite and equally helpful. When we arrived at our (first) room, we opened the door to find that the room had obviously not been cleaned after the last guest. The bellman apologized profusely, said he'd be right back, and in five minutes was back with another room number and keys. This room was just fine. It was smallish but adequate for our needs and also very clean and well maintained. The property's location was great for our needs although if we'd been staying for several days and visiting multiple locations I think I would have wanted a more centralized location. As it was, we were a $15 cab ride from the UC so it was great for us. All in all I'd recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice clean facility with top-notch professional staff. I'm not if the price we paid was the normal rate but it was very reasonable, especially when compared to other properties in the same neighborhood that were $200 and up per night.	
Jun 24 2009 	I didn't wanna leave	I have never said this about a hotel...but I truly wanted to stay longer. Everything was perfect...EVERYTHING! And I will be back...count on it!	
May 27 2009 	Fantastic service-would go back again and again!	This hotel was more than we'd hoped for. The service was excellent, the location was perfect, and the price was extremely reasonable. Staff went out of their way to take care of our needs. Thanks for a great stay!	
May 4 2009 	Courteous as Ever	From the reception to the room, everything is the best. I had a King suite on the 10th floor and it was amazing. Breakfast was complimentary and very rich. Prices were very much low. Great Deal. Enjoyed the stay for 5 nights	
Apr 30 2009 	Stranded in Chicago staff helped so much	I got stranded in Chicago at 400AM on April 27, 2009 and was able to get a ride to downtown Chicago. I first tried to get into the Courtyard which was across the street and wanted to use points for my stay of what was to be only 6 hours long. The Courtyard receptionist was horribly rude and refused to help. I walked across the street to the Fairfield Inn where the receptionist helped me beyond belief. He called reservations and was able to accomodate me for the few hours. The staff in the morning helped me arrange a rental car and provided me with every direction I needed. Staff was amazing.THe room itself which I slept in for a couple hours was average. The beds were way too hard though which made it a little uncomfortable. The stay cost 25000 points because it is a catagory 5. I wouldn't stay here if I had a choice but it is what it is.Overall, I wouldn't recommend this hotel but the staff deserves to me recognized for what they did. I understand it's a downtown hotel within walking distance of the major attractions which was nice but I think its a little pricey point wise.	
Apr 12 2009 	Honeymoon getaway	Room was wheelchair accessible, clean and ultra modern looking. the bed and tons of pillows made for a great night sleep. Quiet room on the 3rd floor. No window view but the window did open for fresh air. the handicap shower was huge and nice to play in. Front desk staff were super helpful. The two HDTVs were captivating~!! They made it hard to leave the room in the morning. The free breakfast was very good for a free breakfast with lots of variety. We found out on the last day that we could have used the pool and coin op laundry at their sister hotel across the street. , Now they tell us. We would recommend this for families and newlyweds like us!. Free in room Internet was nice! The price was high compared to the other hotel we used during the week of our vacation.	
Apr 8 2009 	Clean modern friendly	I wasn't in the mood to be critical, because I had completely lucked out (after a month of trying) and got our rooms here for $55 each including tax, using Priceline. That's cheaper than any cheap motel I could have found, and the Fairfield Inn was an overnight haven for us. We had come to see a show the night before and needed rest before driving back to Ohio the next day. The front desk service is extremely friendly and helpful. The valet parking is EXPENSIVE--$42--but we didn't mind because of the rate we'd gotten. The rooms are decorated in too modern a style for my taste--weird shaped furniture, a lot of ORANGE--but very clean. Bathroom amenities are too sparse--no lotion?! The bathroom was small but clean. The best thing about the hotel might have been the FREE breakfast which had a fantastic selection including hard boiled eggs, good donuts and muffins, waffles, and healthy varieties of cereal and yogurt. The location of the hotel was ideal. Right in the middle of everything we wanted to do; we had a wonderful dinner at the restaurant Viand which is right around the corner from the hotel. We recommend it. The theatre was a very short taxi ride away (we could have walked but one of our party is disabled). Overall, we got an amazing value and felt very welcome and comfortable.	
Apr 1 2009	Great place great location	We stayed here over President's weekend while our daughter toured colleges and auditioned. Check in was speedy (and this was at 12:30 AM!) We were in our room within minutes of arriving. The complimentary breakfast was good, and the hotel was clean throughout. Front desk was very helpful when asked any sort of questions! Just 1 1/2 block off of Michigan, it has a great location, yet was quiet at night. We slept soundly! They will keep your luggage for you if you are not departing until later in the day of checkout. All in all, I would recommend Fairfield Inn and Suites. Loved the lobby!!! (A great place for our daughter to hang out with some friends from Chicago while we were there.)	
Mar 27 2009 	Pleasant Surprise!	I booked the hotel because of the very attractive rate of $86/night and was expecting bare-bones. I was pleasantly surprised by the level of service, the comfort, and the overall attractiveness of the hotel. The front desk staff was very accomodating (albeit, a little overwhelmed) and the room was always spotless.The continental breakfast was decent (coffee, muffins, cereal, nothing hot).The best part of this hotel is the location. You can't beat it, especially for the price. It's literally steps from the magnificent mile, and about a 10 minute walk to navy pier. There are also several pharmacies, convenience stores, and restaurants nearby.I will DEFINITELY consider staying here again.	
Mar 26 2009 	Look forward to staying here again!	I can't say enough about this hotel! When I have stayed in minimally priced hotels in larger cities, I pretty much only expect a queen size bed in a closet size room. We were terribly pleased with our room, the King sized bed was comfy and the bathroom was large with the extra treat of a handheld massage shower. The staff was very nice and we enjoyed a late night wind down in the seating area outside. This hotel is a block from Michigan ave, and is walking distance from a bunch of cool restaurants and nightclubs, if that is your intent. Valet Parking is $42 a night, and well worth the price. We foolishly thought we would save money by parking the rental outside of the city and take the metra, TRUST me, save money- park at the hotel.He and I are planning a trip back to the city this summer, and we plan to stay here again!	
Mar 24 2009 	not special but perfectly acceptable	Stayed here 2 nights to attend a trade show at McCormick Place. Location is 1 block from Magnificent Mile shopping. Many restaurants within 2 blocks. Friendly staff. We arrived at 10AM and our room wasn't ready so we left our bags with the bellman who promised to take them to our room later. When we returned, the bags were still secured in the storage area. We brought them up ourselves.Our room was located 10' from the elevators but was so well inuslated that unless the door was open, there was no distraction. The room was clean except for the one 9&quot; long hair on the back side of a bath towel hanging on the rack. Needless to say, that one went straight to the floor and I used another.Free breakfast included freshly made do it yourself waffles, cold cereals, breads and bagels, donuts, muffins. This place was no better or worse than any olf the other hotels I've stayed at in Chicago over the years.	
Feb 18 2009 	Excellent for a quick trip to the city.	We were in town for a Blackhawks game and Valentine's Day and we were joined by two other couples. We all had separate rooms and all had very good experiences with all facets of our stay. Check in was an easy and friendly experience, our rooms were very clean and perfect for our needs. Check out was Noon so it gave some extra time to sleep in and still catch some of downtown Chicago. Location is perfect for all of the downtown attractions. No pool or hot tub which I would prefer on an extended stay or if I were bringing children but it was perfect for a one or two night stay.	
Feb 10 2009 	Wonderful hotel and location!	One of the few hotels that I know of that offers a great continental breakfast to everyone staying at the hotel. The hotel is clean and freshly remodeled for being right downtown. The price was very fair and location couldn't be better.	
Feb 9 2009 	Wonderful :)	We stayed here for a 5 day long weekend full of lots of shopping, walking around and eating. This hotel is in a prime location, its close to everything and if you needed to take the bus (that will take you anywhere) it stops right in front of the hotel. There is a coffee shop across the street (dunkin doughnuts) and great restaurants all around (highly reccomened Rosebuds &amp; cheesecake factory to eat at, and cheescake factory for both food and EXCELLENT deserts). Our hotel room was great, VERY clean and fresh. Bathroom was very clean, everything was restocked daily and the staff was very nice and helpful. On a PLUS side our room was directly across from the elevator and we NEVER once heard it open or people out there. Continental breakfast was AMAZING! SO much to choose from, even make your own waffles, fresh fruits, cereal, many types of milk, danishs, bagels, etc. Only thing that sucked was no pool. But its Chicago I don't think there are many hotels that have pools there. Hotel was great though. VERY CLEAN, front desk staff was really nice and held our luggage behind the counter while we shopped, AFTER we checked out, but before we had to catch our train. I would stay there again in a heartbeat anytime I go back to Chicago.	
Jan 7 2009 	Excellent for the money	We were here just one night for a quick city getaway and could not have been more pleased. We had a King Suite, which had a sofabed, where our two daughters slept. The room had a fridge and microwave and two tvs. Free breakfast included waffles, oatmeal, bananas, yogurt, and breakfast sandwiches. One word of advice would be to park offsite--the valet parking is $38 but the desk will also tell you about parking yourself. It's about a block away but the cost was about $26.Excellent location off of Michigan Avenue--this is not your typical Fairfield!	
Dec 27 2008 	By far the best hotel we have ever stayed at.	Everything was perfect!	
Dec 2 2008 	Great little hotel	Stayed here the 3 days before Thanksgiving. Room and bath were spotless and comfortable, beautiful hi def TV, staff went way over and above to be helpful with tour and travel info. Never had to wait more than a few seconds for attention at the desk, and everyone was so pleasant. Love the mod decor in lobby, including the Jetsons. Breakfast was great - make your own waffles, oatmeal, fruit, pastry, bagels etc etc. You pay for valet parking, but no problem in or out, and the attendant was so personable. Probably best deal in town if you don't need spectacular views or lush accommodations. Right in the heart of things.	
Nov 26 2008	Good location room not the best	The location couldn't be better: very close to Michigan. The male staff is friendly, female staff less so. Expensive valet parking. The lobby is not impressive at all. The room had no view, was small, lacked most toiletries, but was clean. A major complaint was the heating that didn't let us sleep at night, turning on and off all the time. Breakfast (if you want to call it so) doesn't deserve your time: go out and use the closeby Starbucks! For what you get the price is barely acceptable, but if you consider that you are at least getting free internet, I'd say, go for it, if you want the cheapest acceptable hotel in the best location!	
Nov 23 2008 	Great Place 	Just got back from a great long weekend in Chicago. Saw the reviews of this hotel on this website (good), and thought we'd give it a try. Good choice! The room was very clean and very quiet - looked like it was recently re-done (new carpet in halls &amp; rooms, nice bedding, flat screen tv, in HD) With it being only a block and a half off Michigan (one block south of Crate &amp; Barrel), we could shop, drop stuff off at the room, and continue. The breakfast was great - the staff really worked hard and kept everything well stocked. Check-in and out were both quick and efficient. Friendly staff everywhere we went. We were there for 4 days - wish we could have stayed longer!	
Oct 14 2008 	Great hotel - excellent value!	I must say that I was a little leary to stay at a Fairfield Inn -- most in my area are motels and on the lower grade, but I'm glad I decided to try it. We had an excellent room rate and the location was also ideal-- two blocks off of Michigan right in the heart of the &quot;good&quot; shopping. I was first impressed when pulling up to the hotel-- there are about 4 pull-in spots in front of the hotel and the bellman allowed me to leave the car there (wife in the passenger seat) while I ran in, checked in, and dropped our bags in the room. Most downtown hotels will not let you do that, especially if you aren't using their valet service, which we were not. Check-in was a breeze-- the lobby was modern and had a cool vibe to it. I don't think I would call the room small as others have-- I would call it typical for a downtown Chicago hotel. Trust me - I've stayed in some SMALL rooms-- this one is average and has plenty of room. The king size bed had a decent sized end table on either side of the bed, and that was the width of the sleeping area-- no problems at all. The flat screen TV was nice, and the shower had great water pressure which is always a test for me. The bed was very comfortable.All in all this hotel is an excellent find-- don't hesitate to give it a try-- I doubt you'll be disappointed!	
Sep 28 2008 	Great stay!	Had a wondereful stay at the Fairfield. The staff is wonderful, the breakfast is very good and the location is perfect!	
Sep 27 2008 	Not what I expected for the money	We (self, wife and baby) were in town for a conference. Generally stay at Marriotts, and this one was, in my opinion, only average. They obviously tried hard to give it a big city feel, and everyone was courteous, but overall, we were treated like just another tourist.We are gold level marriott members, but were given a TINY room for 2 adults and a baby, and obviously not upgraded. Also, none of our requests were filled (extra pillow, extra towels, and a crib), until a call was made. To us, not worth the price we paid.On a good note, breakfast was very good, the hotel quiet at night, the valet ($38/night) was quick, and the location is truly fantastic.FYI, ice and vending are in the hall, so beware of rooms ending in 01, 02, 03. Also the breakfast area is on the 2nd floor.	
Sep 21 2008 	Great location zero complaints great stay!	What a great visit. We arrived early to the hotel (11am) just fully expecting them to hold out luggage while we ventured out. We able to check in immediately. Very clean spacious room walk to everything!	
Sep 9 2008 	Comfortable room reasonable price courteous staff good location	Gearing up for my first trip to Chicago, I consulted TripAdvisor and looked at the postings for several hotels downtown. I knew I wanted to be fairly close to a subway so I could get back and forth to Wrigley Field easily. There were very few negative reviews (out of 80-plus) of the Fairfield, and the price ($141.55 for the AAA rate) was very reasonable for a major metropolitan area. That's about $50 or more cheaper than one would expect to pay for similar accommodations in New York City, for example.In reading the TripAdvisor reviews of the Fairfield, I noticed a few customers had complained about night noise from a Dumpster behind the hotel. So I called the hotel and spoke with a very helpful man named Corey who acknowledged the noise problem and also pointed out there was a hospital nearby the hotel that also shared that Dumpster. He said the way to avoid the noise was to ask for a high floor in a room facing the front of the hotel. I booked the room, and he noted my request for the high floor in the front of the hotel. He also gave me directions as to how to get to the hotel from O'Hare airport via mass transit. (When I got to O'Hare and asked an airport worker if the mass-transit directions I had from Corey were accurate, he said they were mostly accurate with one change, and he was right. But Corey's and the worker's directions involved only one train transfer, and it's possible that Corey's directions would have been accurate if one of the subway lines, the Red Line, had still been undergoing construction by the time we arrived.)The Chicago subway was easy to find at O'Hare, and I found it easy to navigate once in Chicago. All the lines are color coded, and that includes the station decor (walls, floor tiles, signage). You are never in doubt as to which line you are on; all you have to do is look around. The ride into Chicago from O'Hare took about an hour on the Blue Line. For $2, what could be easier?The Red Line stop at State and Grand is about a 10-minute walk from the hotel. It did seem arduous on our way there, because we were tired and carrying luggage. We could have hailed a cab, but we were New Yorkers, and 10 blocks to us is nothing. We got to the hotel and were impressed by the cool, modern look of the lobby, with an ice-blue-and-white color scheme. We were checked in immediately by helpful front-desk people. (I met Corey later in my stay, and he was as helpful as he had been on the phone.)The room, with one king-size bed (not a suite), was small, as other TripAdvisor reviewers have noted. I wouldn't want to be cooped up in there with four kids, that's for sure. But it was just the two of us, so we didn't mind. We weren't there for the room, anyway; it was just a place to sleep. We were initially wondering whether the bed was in fact a king size, as it didn't look as big as one would expect a king size to look. I called the front desk to make sure, and the woman I spoke with said the bed was indeed king size. (When I got home and saw my queen size mattress, I realized the hotel's bed was in fact a king size, or at least it was bigger than my queen size.)The bed and pillows were comfortable and clean, my companion and I agreed.The room was spotless, and there was no peeling paint on the ceilings or walls. The shower--walls and tub--was clean. (Water pressure and temperature were both excellent.) No sign of previous habitation anywhere, actually. The counter space around the sink was limited, but this man and woman seemed to cope well. An iron and ironing board, coffee maker, and hair dryer were in the room. We asked at the front desk upon check-in for a fridge, and one was wheeled into our room within minutes of our arrival, and there was no charge for it. We were glad to have it.We asked at the front desk for directions to the Lake Michigan waterfront and Grant Park, and we began walking. It was about a 20-minute walk, picturesque in spots because you cross the Chicago River.Later, when we asked at the front desk for a recommendation for Mexican food, the nice guy we spoke with steered us to Lalo's on LaSalle Street, and my companion and I had one of the best Mexican meals we had ever had. Lalo's is apparently a local chain. The chips are served hot, and the veggie quesadilla comes with three stuffed soft tacos and beans and rice. Add a pitcher of iced tea and pleasant service for about $15 each, and you have an excellent restaurant experience.The next day, we asked for directions to the Chicago River boat tours, and we were directed by another helpful staff member for about a 15-minute walk. After the boat tour, we walked over to Navy Pier and spent the afternoon wandering around. I went to Wrigley Field via the Red Line, and that was easy to do and took about 25 minutes each way.My companion said she enjoyed shopping the Magnificent Mile, which I think is about a block or so from the hotel. One night (early morning), we couldn't get the air conditioning system to come back on, so I called the front desk at 5 a.m. The clerk said he would send someone up immediately, and five minutes later, a helpful security guy came up to look at it. He adjusted the thermostat on the wall (instead of using the control on the unit), and the air conditioning came back on. He said some of the units worked via the controls on the unit and some worked via the wall thermostat. But I thought it was impressive that the hotel would send someone up immediately, even at 5 a.m. Other than that instance, the air conditioning worked very well (it was 85-plus and sunny during our stay, so the AC was welcome).Our room was serviced efficiently by housekeeping, which we never saw. The TV worked and seemed to have a lot of channels, but we weren't there to watch TV.Checkout was quick and easy, and somehow the walk back to the Red Line to go back to O'Hare didn't seem as long, maybe because we knew where we were going by then.I would like to go back to Chicago someday, this time to see the White Sox play, and if I do, I know where I will be staying: the Fairfield. You really can't beat it for price, location, and excellence of service.	
Aug 30 2008 	Very decent but got the order wrong at first	We expressly asked for a roll away bed to go with our king size bed in our reservation, but when we got to the hotel, they informed us that they didn't have any left. This was going to screw things up royally since our daughter is no longer a toddler. They tried to call other hotels nearby to borrow one but to no avail. However, the young lady at the desk decided to give it another try in their own facilities and I followed her in to the laundry room where she found one tucked away in a corner. Happy just to have one, I didn't mind rolling the thing myself back to our room.The roll away bed unfortunately was horrendous and our daughter complained of a backache the next day. The hotel was happy to move us to another room which had two queen beds at no extra charge. Fortunately, the second room was much more spacious and on one of the upper floors. With the exception of that first night, everything worked out fine. The staff was always courteous and helpful. The location is superb. It's a block and a half from Michigan Ave. and within walking distance to the Navy Pier. Lots of great restaurants in the neighborhood including the Capital Grille which serves outstanding steak. Have to have steak when in the Midwest, no question about that, and you have to have Chicago pizza when in Chicago. This hotel is within walking distance of all and at worst, a short cab ride away for those who don't like using their feet.	
Aug 28 2008 	Great Location	Stayed here for 4 nights. The staff was pleasant, especially housekeeping / breakfast staff. Small hotel, quick elevators, quiet (except for the sirens that you become acustom too very quickly). Everything is walkable. Would recommend this hotel as it seemed to be cheaper than others in the same area.	
Jul 31 2008 	Good Service Great Location!	My family of four had never been to Chicago, so this was our first trip. I spent several hours online comparing hotels and prices, finally settling on Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites Chicago Downtown. The hotel was clean, the staff was very friendly and courteous, and we even received a room upgrade at no extra charge. The location was very convenient. We were able to walk to all the downtown attractions as well as over to the lake for a morning jog. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 24 2008 	Great place to stay	The Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites is a great place to stay in Chicago. It has excellent location (steps away from Magnificent Mile), the rooms are fairly comfortable, the beds are great and the hotel offers a pleasant enviroment for visitors, wheter you are a tourist or go to Chicago for bussiness. I think it is a good choice for all of those who want to travel to Chicago.  I found a deal at Hotels.com, and I could reserve a Suite for a quite low price (considering the prices downtown Chicago) . I have to say that the suite was awesome. Too bad that I only stayed for a couple of days !	
Jul 20 2008 	The little hotel that tries hard	General statement: We have only compliments regarding our stay. The Fairfield is a not too this, not too that hotel. But they try hard. The hotel was small enough to feel intimate and not overwhelming. Check in: Our room was ready when we checked in and check in was very quick.Front desk staff: The front desk staff were professional, eager and friendly. They provdided correct, helpful info regarding bus schedules, local &quot;joints&quot; and even ordered a pizza for us late night. Room: The room was smaller than most hotels we stay at, but it was clean. Definitely a no frills hotel, but not a &quot;bargain&quot; style hotel either, just simple. I do have to say, the bed was the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in!!!Although we travel regularly, I usually dread hotel beds because of a bad back. The bed was perfect. The pillows seemed to be a mixture of regular and down pillows. Nice option. I'm not sure about the other reviewer's water pressure comment. Ours was fantastic. Continental breakfast: A bit crowded but that may be because it was a weekend. Again, the little hotel that tries hard atmosphere. They offered the usual coffee, teas, juices, milk, cereal, danishes, donuts, muffins, toasts, breads, oatmeal, yogurt and fruit. They also had hard boiled eggs, make your own Belgian waffles, breakfast egg biscuits. The staff did a phenominal job of keeping up on supplies as the crowds and masses moved through on a Saturday morning. Nice surprise: About 20 minutes after checking in, our hotel phone rang and it was the front desk checking to make sure everything was alright with our accomodations and room. I thought that was a nice touch. When they asked if they could get us anything, I asked for an extra pillow and blanket. It was brought to our room in less than 5 minutes. Also noteworthy, the windows to the outside were fairly sound-proof. Ontario is quite the busy street and we really could not hear much outside noise.Conclusion: A no-frills hotel that tries hard. Decent location. Good for a stay where you just want a clean hotel room to come back to and a very comfortable bed to lie in at the end of a day.	
Jun 16 2008 	Location and Breakfast are nice	Pros: Location, Location, Location. Close to Navy Pier and Magnificaent mile. It looked like the room may have been renovated recently. Beds were very comfortable. Breakfast was above average. Make your own waffles, with blueberry topping. muffins, Danish, OJ, coffee, etc.Cons: Water pressure was the pits (as other reviews have indicated). You would be taking a shower and all the sudden the water would stop. Then it would start back up. Really annoying. The &quot;self park&quot; was about $25 but it is not really at the hotel. It is actually at another garage a few blocks away. Note it is also a change every time you enter or leave the garage. Valt is available at a more expensive price but does include in and out prveleges. No pool, small work out area.Summary nice room great loacation if you are willing to put up with the low water pressure and no pool.	
Jun 7 2008 	Good value for downtown Chicago	We spent a weekend evening at the Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites in April. We were a little early for check-in, but the front desk was extremely helpful and checked us into to a ready room quickly. The room itself was recently redone, clean and was plenty large for 2, although it might have been a little small if a party of 4 or more were staying there. Our room was on the street side, but street noise was not bad - although we were on the 10th floor. Check out was equally quick. The room rate was lower than the expensive hotels, but higher than the lower rated properties in downtown Chicago, and seemed pretty fair. The hotel is close to Michigan Avenue, a short walk to the loop, and near many restaurants and other activities in downtown Chicago. There is no parking directly at the hotel. The parking lot that is recommended is about 2 blocks from the hotel and $35 for an overnight 24 hours(extra fee if you want valet service), which did not seem too outrageous for downtown Chicago. We found a nice Irish pub that served good food at reasonable prices about 1/2 block to the east of the hotel.	
May 26 2008 	No frill hotel	As others have mentioned, the best thing about the hotel is its location, only 1 block away from Magnificent Mile. The free breakfast is nice as well, with variety of items including hot items like oatmeal, waffles, and bacon biscuits which is served from 6am to 10pm. The people at the front desk were helpful as with the rest of the staff. The front lobby has been renovated so it looks different from the pictures on Expedia. The hotel is pretty much no frills. It has a tiny gym with only 4 treadmills. The free internet is nice as it helped a lot with finding attractions and restaurants. Our room was on the 8th floor, not much of a view. It was on the smaller size, especially the bathroom sink area. For some reason, it was very humid in our room and on our last day, the bathroom light went out. Also, the water pressure in the shower goes in and out. Not a big deal really, just a minor annoyance. I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a no frill type of hotel that is close to Magnificent mile.	
May 16 2008 	Over priced medicore hotel wanting to be something more	Staff and service is mediocre and real service hotel wannabes. Front desk not very 'with it.' Upon entrance to room, there was a heavy fragrance odor - like standing next to a person wearing too much perfume/cologne. Aside from this heavy lingering frangrance, room was clean and average. Free internet access was very handy.Location is excellent blocks from the magnificent mile. Starbucks, Panera and the Corner Bakery are blocks away. Breakfast buffet and location were the best things about my stay here.	
Apr 20 2008 	Excellent Stay - Perfect Location	The rooms are comfortable with new upgraded beds and linens. The rooms are not large and there are no views, but overall very pleasant. Our housekeeper did an excellent job cleaning every day. The breakfast is excellent as other reviewers have said, and there is coffee and tea 24 hours a day.The breakfast room is on the second floor and there are plenty of tables.The staff at reception was consistently helpful and pleasant and there is a computer in the lobby including a printer - very helpful in getting boarding pass. The lobby is small and was being renovated while we were there. An additional plus - free internet access.The location is unbeatable - 1 1/2 blocks off the Magnificent Mile - and there are 14 restaurants on the hotel's block. It is within walking distance of many other restaurants and other places of interest including the Navy Pier. Several times we took a taxi and there was never a problem getting one right outside the hotel. Chicago is a great city and the stay at Fairfield Inn made our visit very enjoyable.	
Apr 17 2008 	Fantastic Stay!!!!	Myself and a friend of mine stayed at this hotel for 3 nights at the end of March for a girlie shopping trip. I have been all over america and have to say the free breakfast was one of the best I have had there is such a good range of food to suit everyones taste. The check in was good and smooth. We got given a rom right at the end of the corridor on the 9th floor, which was quite, good size and clean. the maid service was brilliant even laid out our products for us, as we left them in a pile.The staff were great, reccommending some resturants for us to try, I have to say concierge Robert was lovely - he was funny and really helpful. The situation of the hotel is fantasic - one block from michigan avenue and is literally 2 min walk with subway next door and 7- eleven just down the side road. I would have to say our overall stay was great and we had a fantastic time especially as my friend had never been before. I would deffinately reccommend to friends and family and have done so already and when I go back to Chicago with my other half, We will deffinately be staying here as the price is right for the great service you get. Thank you to the staff at Fairfield who made our holiday an even better one. TIPS:Got to go to signiture room at top of John hancock centre as sun is setting amazing view. Warburtons (I think thats what it is called) steak house 16 oz new york strip best steakl i've ever had and huge portions - i swear they think they were feeding a family of 5 not 2 people.	
Mar 28 2008	Great Price  Great service Excellent Stay	Can't beat the location right downtown close to all. Service was very good and room was clean and large. Breakfast was better than expected and free. For the price you won't find a better deal. Not cheap to park your car there over night, but anywhere downtown costs to park. Highly recommend it.	
Mar 17 2008 	fantastic breakfast!	my boyfriend and i stayed at the fairfield over a weekend in chicago and were extremely impressed. the location was great, and the room was nothing special but more than enough for the price. the continental breakfast was GREAT...one of the best i've had, and the make your own waffles were a great touch. the hotel doesn't have a pool, but being able to used the one at the nearby marriot on michigan avenue was awesome when we wanted to soak in a hottub after a long day of sightseeing. very close to many good restaurants, michigan avenue, millenium park, etc. i will definitely be back next time i'm in chicago!	
Mar 3 2008 	Great Location	What a lovely hotel. We were given a suite, which was absolutely beautiful. The rooms were very spacious and the beds were extremely comfortable. The hotel is located within walking distance of the Magnificent Mile. Breakfast was provided at no additional charge and was the best we experienced on a 16 State USA tour.	
Jan 29 2008 	Great price great location!	We spent a night here. We got a great deal, it was like $150 and that included valet with in/out privileges ($40) and 2 tkts to the Field Museum ($50).The room is a little on the small side, but it's very clean and the staff was very helpful and friendly. The hotel is located 2 blocks from Michigan ave. There are no restaurants in the hotel, but there are a bunch of good ones nearby.We were very happy and definitely will look to stay here again in the future.	
Jan 17 2008 	Great value!	The Fairfield is clean and newly renovated, with an attractive (if minimal) lobby. Free WiFi is available in the lobby and the 2nd-floor breakfast room; I also managed to find some other WiFi from my fifth-floor room. Breakfast is good, as free hotel breakfasts go. If you've got business downtown, the location can't be beat. Very firm and comfortable mattress. Friendly, helpful staff. A great value for the price!	
Nov 13 2007 	Great place to stay	Chicago's Marriott Fairfield was a great place to stay on Magnificent Mile without paying a mortgage payment for four nights. I have stayed in more than 5 different hotels in downtown Chicago (I prefer 4-5 star hotels). The average price is at least $350 or more per night. However, I have never visited Chicago in November and it seems that the okay hotels wanted more than $300 per night and the luxury hotels wanted $499 and up per night which is absolutely crazy unless you are a &quot;rock star.&quot; If you are a parent visiting your college kid, all of your money is needed to spend on your struggling college student (smile). The hotel was very very clean, staff were very polite, the continental breakfast was the best and inclusive in your daily room rate. And, if you are driving and need to get to the expressway, it is a straight route to major thoroughfares. I am glad that I decided to stay at the Marriott Fairfield and would definitely stay again. It was in a great location. And for those folks who gave the hotel a low rating, they are probably unhappy in their lives and are a pain in the ...................... for most people they meet. Also, I've stayed in many European hotels that were more costly and much much smaller. In comparison, the room was like a suite and the beds more comfortable.	
Nov 4 2007 	Decent for the price.	Stayed for 6 nights, and thought it was an ok hotel in a great location.To find good hotel deals in Chicago is not easy, I learned that even an ordinary hotel room can cost more than $400 a night, which I find absolutely insane. This hotel was the cheapest Marriott option in town. We paid around $250 per night, not too bad.Continental breakfast included.The room was nothing special. The interior was nothing to write home about, but the bed was comfortable (Marriott's beds are the best). The room was of standard size, but I guess small for american standards.Desk staff seemed very busy, and not particulary helpful. They seemed almost annoyed when asked a simple question. When we asked for an adapter they just gave us an adress where we could buy one. I think it is very strange that a hotel in a major city don't have adapters.Anyway, we loved the location, walking distance to many of the main attractions, including Navy Pier, and would recommend this property if you do not wish to pay the ridiculous prices some of the other hotels are charging.	
Oct 2 2007 	Excellent Value and Great Location	I could not find a room in Chicago so I &quot;settled&quot; for the Fairfield Inn on Orchard in downtown, one block off the Magnificent Mile.The staff was super fast and friendly. The suite was large and very clean. The room was quiet and everything worked. I got a great rate (well under $200) and I will now stay there rather than the more expensive hotels around the corner. I had to give up nothing! A great value and location.	
Sep 17 2007 	A quiet convenient basic Marriott hotel that provides a good value	Fairfield Inn properties are generally in less urbanized location, they are more commonly found around town malls than downtown. Thus the Marriott Fairfield Inn and Suites, 216 E. Ontario St., sits rather incongrously in Chicago center city, on a relatively quiet street less than 3 blocks from Chicago's Michigan Avenue in the Magnificent Mile district. Within walking distance are the Chicago River, John Hancock Tower, Navy Pier and shuttle access, Water Tower Place and Millenium Park. I found the interior to be simple, but clean and well maintained. 1402 overlooks Ontario Street, and does get the noise from the occasional loud vehicle. There is no in-house restaurant, the breakfast self-serve area is healthy and offers good choices. Within a block of the Fairfield are: 1 sub shop; two Japanese restaurants, an Indian restaurant, donut/coffee shop, a high end dinner dining establishment, corner bar and grille and others. So this is a convenient, comfortable, reasonable value hotel in an outstanding area of Chicago.1402 was a relatively small queen, but well outfitted and suitable for one or two people. As you can tell I liked this property and recommend it. Staff is friendly and outgoing to guests. Valet parking exists but I didn't use it.	
Sep 9 2007 	Spacious Room for 4 people	I stayed at the Fairfield in a room with 2 double beds. I was travelling with my mother and 2 children. This was one of 3 hotels on our travels, and was the most spacious. Very easy to move around with 2 small children playing on the floor. Staff were always pleasant and helpful. Wonderfully close to Magnificent Mile without any of the noise. Breakfast was great and plentiful. I would stay there again without any hesitation.	
Sep 4 2007 	Great Service	I stayed with my family and extended family. Asked for two rollaway beds and they were delivered fast.Breakfast was plenty and good. Rooms and hallways were always clean. Staff was very helpful giving acurate directions.Best of all is that's located away from the noisy big streets but you could always walk everywhere.	
Aug 14 2007 	Great Place...but	Our room was very clean. Not the largest I've stayed in, and the bathroom layout is a little tricky to maneuver (the toilet is REALLY close to the tub...and the toilet paper is a far stretch). But a nice, firm mattress.Breakfast is good. Someone a few reviews below me gave a great explaination of it. There were also little heatable bacon, egg &amp; cheese biscuits that were pretty good.My only complain is this: We're elite members with Marriott. The front desk people seemed to not even glance at our preferences. We prefer high floor and foam pillows, which we ended up on the 5th floor (out of 14 or 15)..and feather pillows. They weren't flat like most are, so we didn't complain. We were late getting in, and tired, so we didn't have the energy to complain at the time.Anywho. It's just a block down from the Coach store. A couple of restaurants along the street...a good pub, TImothy O'Tooles, around the corner (east)	
Aug 10 2007 	Good stay at the Fairfield	My family just returned from our stay at the Fairfield Downtown Chicago. Overall it was very good. The rooms were very clean and well kept. The staff was very friendly and helped us several times locate restaurants and bus routes. The location is great if you're wanting to be by the Magnificent Mile. It's only a block away! They don't have a pool, however, will allow you to swim at one of the other Marriotts nearby. The bus system is easy to pick up there. They have free shuttles during the summer, but they're not well organized. There are only a few of them running during the week, so you have to wait a long time. Then, it's iffy if you'll get on because they're not very big. Breakfast was good! They had waffles, cereal, fruit, yogurt, pastries and microwavable sandwiches (bacon, egg and cheese). It was definately more than your average continental breakfast fare.	
Jul 23 2007	Nice place to stay	The hotel was very clean. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The location is excellet. Just a short walk to the Magnificent Mile, Navy Pier, or to a double decker bus stop. I must say however, that what ever frangrence they are using in the lobby, needs to be toned down - the smell of whatever potpourri that was, took my breath away whenever I walked into the lobby.	
Jul 16 2007	Location Price Location Price	For the price this hotel is great. We parked our car and was able to walk everywhere from Michigan Ave. to Millenium Park in no time(3-20 min.). I'm very picky when it comes to hotels since it's my home away from home so I am pretty hard when it comes to scrutinizing service and overall quality. In short I usually go no lower than 4 stars so I wasn't sure what I was getting into going here. But hey it was an earned gift, so I figured I would give it a shot. For the money it gets an A+ on all the following:cleanliness, friendly and accomodating staff, and again location. Good family hotel.	
Jun 15 2007 	rude staff damaged our suitcases and no redressal as of yet	Booked this hotel on the net. I was going to USA the first time to spend some time with my daughter, a freshman over the chrismas hols. When we arrived at the hotel, the bellboy mishandled our luggage and handles came off from our suitcase. All in front of the reception, no staff offered any apology or any solution. Did not bat an eyelid and behaved as if it did not happen. When I asked them about any compensation, well, they told that &quot;mam, you report this and we do a in-house investigation'&quot;. Okay but what about my prediacment as I have to travel half the world? The receptionist came with this gem&quot; WELL, MAM, YOU JUST HAVE TO INVEST IN ONE SUITCASE. THERE ARE SO MANY SHOPS NEARBY.&quot; So, the damage took place in front of the reception, within the hotel premises and by hotel employee and THEY NEED A FORM! What for?To have an investigation! Fantastic! And if I broke anything or did any damage to their property, they would charge my credit card immediately. This was actually cheekily told to me by the same receptioinst. No amount of talk made them see any logic and they just kept on throwing the 'HOTEL RULE'&quot; to me. Well, I had to face lot of hardship moving with broken suitcase, and two young children. Mind it, it is now more than 6 months and not a word from the hotel on my ordeal. Forget about any compensation, not even a word of apology or even an acknowledgemnet of my complaint(sent by email on my return) till date.I am off- Mariott for life and I think the staff did take some perverse delight in a guest's discomfort.	
May 20 2007 	Good Location and Rate	We stayed at this hotel in room 1301 for 5 nights - Sunday April 8th 2007 arrival and checked out Friday. The staff were very friendly except for one female night staff member. When we reserved the room we had the option of feather or foam pillows. We requested foam and received feather. A call was made to the front desk and the pilows were promptly changed. One of the perks advertised was a daily newspaper deliverd to our door. The first morning we didn't receive a newspaper we were told it was probobly stolen. There was a newspaper at the front desk we could have, so I picked it up. The next morning we again did not receive a newspaper and I was told that the hotel orders the newspapers the month before and they hadn't ordered enough so only reward members received them. A few minutes later a newspaper was then thrown at our door so that the sections seperated. I called the front desk to thank her for the way the newspaper was delivered and I didn't receive a response. We received a newspaper the remaining mornings.This hotel is advertised as a non-smoking hotel. Our room smelled heavily of smoke so during the day we left the window open to air it out. The stale smoke smell was still just as heavy the day we left.The &quot;free&quot; breakfast was one of the best we have ever had. There was allot of variety and it was very tastey.The downtown location was good once you get used to the sirens. The room rate was very reasonable for Chicago.Avearge room size and cleanliness.	
Apr 27 2007 	Great Location - nice staff	This place is run by Marriott, with whom we've had some poor experiences in the past. The Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites however, proved a very satisfactory place to stay. The location is excellent; a short walk from all the shops and restaurants of the 'Magnificent Mile'. The staff are knowledgeable, courteous and friendly. The is a free internet connection with keyboard and screen in the lobby, which is handy if you don't have your laptop. There is even a printer. A wide choice of breakfast options - porridge, toast, fruit, yogurt, cereal etc. Room pretty bog standard - clean and functional. We were front facing and so there was a bit of noise from emergency vehicles etc, but it became much quieter later on and we slept well. Its not a luxury hotel, but has all the usual services and is good value given the central location.	
Apr 24 2007 	Fantastic Fairfield	Every single staff member that we came in contact was exceedingly helpful and polite. In most hotels the staff are typically polite because their job depends on it, but this hotel's staff seemed to enjoy their work and it was obvious in their treatment of their guests and easy, friendly manner. The accomodations were clean, the price was reasonable and the hotel is barely 2 blocks from the heart of Michigan Ave and within walking distance of the Navy Pier.	
Apr 18 2007 	Fantastic	This hotel is lovely. Upon arriving, we were greeted outside by the bellperson, who had our bags taken to our room. The front desk personnel were friendly, helpful, and greeted us with a smile. Upon entering our 4th floor room, we noticed it did not have a rollaway bed, as we requested. We were advised a roll away was not available. We were then advised that we would be transferred to a larger room on the 10th floor. This was great as it had a better view. Additionally, the price stayed the same., no upcharges. The bellperson returned and transferred us to the new location.Breakfast was delightful, and it was a pleasure going to their breakfast room. We had a choice of hot waffles, eggs, and hot oatmeal. Additionally, they had 3 different juices, toast cereal, fruit, and much more. The rooms were extremley clean, and the beds were extremely expensive it was the best sleep ever. We received a complimentary newspaper at our door the last day of our stay. It was a joy to stay at this hotel.	
Mar 21 2007 	Perfect for family on a budget	We traveled to Chicago for Spring Break and wanted something under $150 close to the Magnificent Mile. This came close... one night was around 200 and the other 2 were around 120. Location was perfect... about 2 blocks from Michigan Ave. Just a really good, CLEAN property that fit our needs completely. We stayed in a double room and it was plenty roomy for us and our 2 boys. Granted, we were not there all that much with all our activities. The staff was cordial and helpful with directions. Complementary Breakfast selections were fine- we just took it to our room, since the breakfast room was full of business people and we had the kids. I would stay there again, most definetly.	
Mar 6 2007	Very very nice stay	Stayed over Feb. 5-8, 2007 ... very cold outside, very nice inside. The staff at this hotel was awesome, even though they were freezing inside the lobby due to a water line break.The hotel is located two short blocks east of the Michigan Mile, near a post office, restaurants, and public transportation on Ontario Street. The king room we had was immaculately clean, one of the cleanest we have ever stayed in. The morning breakfast was very good, with waffles, breakfast sandwiches, hot oatmeal, cereal, etc. If you leave hungry, it's your fault. Then entire staff was very personable, cheerful, and went out of their way to please us and other guests.It's about an $8.00 cab ride from the hotel to Union Station, and we were right on the bus lines we needed to go to the various attractions, like Navy Pier and the museums. We highly recommend getting a CTA visitor pass and map, and it's not hard to travel in Chicago. All in all, we will return again and stay at this hotel.	
Jan 13 2007 	Super-clean hotel in a great location!	My husband and I visited Chicago for the first time on November 10, 2006 for my 35th birthday! After exhausting tripadvisor's resources for the best place to stay within our budget, Fairfield Inns &amp; Suites downtown Chicago was our ultimate choice. The fact that the hotel was completely non-smoking greatly appealed to me, as did the reviews stating it's excellent location.Unfortunately, due to several conferences sandwiched between the dates of our intended stay in Chicago, we were only able to book for one night instead of two. The military rate was $169.The room was very clean. The bathroom was absent of mildew and mold. There were no off-odors in the room, and the carpet looked good. Our room was very quiet. We requested a high floor. The breakfast was very good and plentiful. The crowd was a bit large, as anticipated. The wait to make your waffles was no longer than standing in a fast-food restaurant line.The location of this hotel is awesome! Just a short walk to the Mag Mile! Our purpose was to sight-see, shop and experience the culture and pizza that Chicago has to offer. Mission accomplished!Not only would we stay again, but we are! We have a trip scheduled for the American Girl Place in April, and the military rate is just $138! Furthermore, the manager was able to book my second night this time (I did not think to call the manager in November for our first trip), so we get to stay for 2 nights/3days.	
Nov 1 2006 	Good location price is an issue	This property is located in downtown Chicago, home of the most unreasonable hotel rates outside of Manhattan. In relation to other hotels, the $200/night list rate for this hotel isn't expensive but it is hard to get out of your head when evaluating the property.This was a clean, quiet hotel that is really nothing special. I've received similar accomodations at hotels under $100 in other major metro areas. Breakfast was good, though the space was crowded enough that I just took it to my room. Free wired high speed interest worked flawlessly.Those who have read my other reviews know I'm a light sleeper, and noise was not a problem at this hotel. I was right outside the elevator, but never heard it or any traffic noise other than the occasional siren.My only complaint was scarce bedding. Another blanket tucked in a drawer or in the closet area would have been nice when I work up in the middle of the night chilled.The shower had intermittent pressure, but it didn't affect the temperature and the low pressure lasted less than five seconds. Even the low pressure was enough to shower by, so it was more amusing than annoying.The hotel is six blocks from the nearest subway station (Red Line). If you are looking for subway convenience in the same area of town, there is a Holiday Inn Express right across the street from the local station.I am not sure I would stay here again for a similar trip, though I have no complaints about the hotel. I would probably find something a little closer to a subway station.	
Oct 31 2006	Impressive and Great Value	This was a very clean, modern, pleasant hotel in an excellent location. Free internet, cheerful and helpful front desk, free breakfast. All at a great price. Would definitely come back, (and I've stayed in many Chicago hotels that are more expensive and better known).	
Oct 27 2006 	Great location to explore the city of Chicago	Stayed at this hotel for 5 days and totally enjoyed the experience. The staff were always very friendly and courteous from the moment we arrived. The rooms were of a good size and spotless with power shower, TV and coffee making facilities. The hotel is in an excellent location (just around the corner from the Magnificent Mile) with many shops, restaurants and bars located nearby. The only slightly down side was the small breakfast room (for the size of hotel) which could get a little crowded during the high season. However I would definitely have no hesitation staying at this hotel again.	
Oct 24 2006 	Good location	We stayed for 3 nights during the marathon weekend in Oct. My company had a good corporate rate so I was very happy with the price/location. The hotel was very close to all the shopping and there were tons of good restaurants only a few blocks away. It was about a mile from Grant Park and it was an easy metro ride from Midway airport (although the metro stop was about 5-6 blocks away). The breakfast hours were great (6-10am) and they were very good at refilling - even right up to 10am. There was a nice selection of waffles, cereal, bagels, muffins, patries, juice, yogart, etc. The room was very clean but there was only shampoo and soap so make sure you bring everything that you need. The sign in the room said $299 / night....which is way more than I would pay for any hotel. This was a nice hotel but definitely not $299 nice although the location was really good. However, there were tons of other hotels within a couple of blocks so I would recommend looking around for a good deal when planning your trip. I would definitely stay here again!Suggestions......Timothy O'Tooles for a good sports bar, good lunch at PJ Clarkes (next to Embassy Suites).	
Oct 10 2006 	Great location but not worth the price	We recently stayed at the Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites conveniently located two blocks from Michigan Avenue in downtown Chicago. We chose the hotel because of its location and the fact that it was slightly less expensive than the other major hotels in the area (Hilton, Westin, Sheraton, etc). However, the hotel left much to be desired for the price we did paid. The rooms were small and cheaply furnished. Plugging in the TV caused the brakers to blow in our room and left the plug smoking. The TV was not replaced. Furthermore, the rooms lacked key ammenities that are common place in most hotels. For almost $300 a night, you expect to get lotion and hair conditioner at a minimum! Our recommendation -- spend the extra few dollars a night and stay at the Westin!	
Oct 9 2006 	SUPER HOTEL / CLOSE TO EVERYTHING	Some friends and I stayed here for Memorial Day 2006. It was my first trip to Chicago we stayed for 3 nights. We walked from the hotel, to Hard Rock, Rainforest Cafe, Michigan Ave, The Navy Pier. It was a great location. Easy to catch a cab to Sears tower etc. We took the train to the Cubs game. Super nice bed,, the best nights sleep ever in a hotel! Super clean. There was a Dunkin Donuts across the street for coffee drinks etc. I think they also have a cont. breakfast. We parked our car on the street and fed the meter on the weekdays we were there, to save on the parking.... Chicago was really fun, I would stay here again.	
Oct 4 2006 	This Hotel has Many Plusses.	Although I had some problems with this hotel, it's actually a decent place. And for the price and the location, it's a winner. For service, it's a bust. So if you need a clean, comfortable, well located place to flop in the middle of everything in Chicago, this is it. If you're looking for the slightest bit of help from the staff, go elsewhere.What a great location. Walk out the front door and your steps away from much of what makes Chicago great. And the room is everything you would expect from a Fairfield Inn, with the newer bedding and towels. And for being in the middle of the city, the room was very quiet. What great plusses.Nonetheless, I did have a significant problem with the staff. Details for those that want backstory: I needed something for the room that was noted in my Marriott profile, this particular reservation, and in another box that pops up when I stay in a Marriott property. Just to be on the safe side, I called the hotel earlier in the day I was arriving and doublechecked with the Manager who assured me the request had been done. When I checked in at four in the morning after the flight from heck, of course the request had not been done. When I complained to the Manager the next day, he told me that was because they didn't know I was coming. This was a lie, as my Marriott Platinum gift was in the room, with my name on it. My daddy always taught me, never believe someone who lies to you. So my warning to anyone who wants to stay here is it's a good hotel so long as you don't need the slightest thing from the staff. Obviously, there is a say-anything, do-nothing environment at this property. But as long as you're totally self-reliant, this place is a bargain.	
Sep 19 2006 	Nice Hotel Great Location	We had such a nice stay at the Fairfield Inn... We will be sure to visit again! My husband and I traveled to Chicago for an exhibit at the Field museum and a Cubbies game, and decided to stay at the Fairfield Inn, as we could not get a room at a Westin, W, or Marriott property. We typically like to stay a full-service hotels, so we were not expecting too much, but the Fairfield was really nice! What makes it so nice?Staff - This hotel has about the FRIENDLIEST staff in Chicago. Everyone, from the front desk agents to the maid to the people working in the breakfast room were warm and friendly. They all gave you the feeling that they were happy that you were there.The room - It was not elaborate, but very nice and SPOTLESS. The bed was comfortable, and there was plenty of room to move around. And quiet! I know we had neighbors, as we could hear them when we were in the hall, but once we were in our room, it was quiet!The breakfast - It was terrific! We had fresh waffles for breakfast - it was such a treat. They also had cereals, bacon, egg, and cheese sandwiches, donuts, bagels, and oatmeal. The only thing I would improve was the coffee (but there is a Starbuck's at the Courtyard diagonally across Ontario!)The location - Really great - about 2 blocks off of Michigan Ave., it is REALLY easy to walk to the best shopping areas, and to some great restaurants (Capital Grill is next door, and Cafe Coco Pazzo is just across the street). You are also not too far from Navy Pier and from the Museum of Contemporary Art, as well as the beack (Ohio Street beach).I would recommend the hotel to anyone, and we will likely stay again.	
Sep 2 2006 	Outstanding value on the Magnificent Mile	Downtown Chicago is expensive. Expedia saved the day and found a great rate at a Marriott property on the Magnificent Mile. Close to shops, restaurants, and transportation.Clean, excellent beds and bedding. Thick walls so you don't hear the next door's TV. :-) Enjoyed having a PC and printer in the lobby. Was able to print the airline boarding passes there.	
Aug 27 2006 	Spotless Room	My husband and I just returned from staying at the Fairfield Inn (08/25-08/27/06) and we were very pleased. Room rate was $160 (AAA rate). We found this to be reasonable compared to other hotels in the area.Some points:1. Room was on the 14 floor. Did hear some sirens and traffic noise the first night; none the second night. We set the fan on the air conditioner to run continuously...this helped to from hearing small noises. Any noise we did hear did not prevent us from sleeping comfortably. Room was spotless. I did not see any random hair on the bathroom floor or in the bed. No mold in the bathroom. Cleanest room I have seen in a hotel.2. King bed. The bed was so comfortable. Had no problem sleeping, other than the pillows were small (standard size). We did not ask for bigger pillows so not sure if the hotel offered any. We have bigger pillows at home so that is what we are used to. Again, just a small item...didn't prevent us from sleeping.3. Breakfast. My husband brought me a toasted bagel, yogurt, banana, muffin and tea to the room (while I was getting ready), so I didn't see the breakfast spread. He said it was a great breakfast. Indicated there was an area to make your own waffles, oatmeal, coffee, tea, juice. Indicated that the staff kept it well-stocked at all times.4. Staff. Never had a problem with any of the staff. Everyone was very friendly and helpful. 5. Hotel area. Great area...one - two blocks from Mag Mile. Other points of interest: O'Toole's bar was good for lunch and drinks. Friendly staff.Chicago Chop House: Best prime rib I ever had. Wished they offered a smaller size (only served 16 oz). Husband had filet and was very pleased.To sum it all up...we will definitely stay here for our next trip.	
Aug 17 2006 	Great weekend in Chicago	We stayed at the Fairfield Inn July 8-10, to celebrate my husband's birthday with a Red Sox/White Sox game (the 19-inning marathon, actually......we stayed through 14 and are glad we didn't stay longer to see Boston lose!). Anyway, the Fairfield Inn was a perfect choice for our weekend. Definitely plusher than other Fairfield Inns (and most Courtyard Inns). The location was unbeatable - right in the middle of the action - restaurants, shopping, 5-minute walk to the subway, the beach, or Navy Pier. The room was larger than we expected. Decor was clearly recent. We could have done with more toiletries and a larger breakfast room, but otherwise, it was a good deal.On Saturday nights in the summer, the Navy Pier has fireworks. They were quite good, and it wa sa fun way to experience Navy Pier. We also enjoyed Millenium Park and the CAS river cruise. For meals, we recommend Harry Carey's - I feared it would be too touristy, but actually a lot of Chicagoans were eating there (at lunchtime) and the food was excellent.	
Jul 21 2006 	Great location to walk the magnificent mile	Just spent a night here on July 17th, 2006 The room was clean and the location is great for shopping or eating at the best restaurants in Chicago. In fact while watching a Chicago local channel that night in our room, three of the top ten restaurants (according to the local channel) were located within four blocks of this hotel. We thought it would be great for a Christmas shopping stay. I forgot the taxes were so high, so our 249.00 room came to about 300.00. The desk staff was very knowledgeable. We took the metra in, so we have no information on parking.  For the money we had no view. Even though we were on the 15th floor, we got to look into a square courtyard view of nothing. So I'd ask for a view if we stayed here again. The room even with a sleeper sofa seemed small. But we had to remember we were in the best area of stores and restaurants Chicago has to offer and nothing will be cheap. The breakfast was good enough to hold us over until lunch. Boiled eggs, waffles, pastries, coffee, orange juice, cereal, fruits and more. 6 to 10 am breakfast. A free U.S.A. today paper. I'd stay here for a romantic night of dinner and theatre. But we had our kids and nothing for small kids to get a bang out of.	
Jun 14 2006 	Wonderful beds great location!	We stayed here in mid-May (the coldest May in decades!), and I must say I was very pleased. We initially had a regular room. It was VERY small, and we were to be there more than two nights. We asked to upgrade. There were no available suites, but we were given a king room, which was substantially larger. The mattress must have been new, because it was very comfortable, and the sheets were a very good quality. Our bathroom was immaculate. No mold or mildew in the caulking, no dust on the fixtures--I mean immaculate. Breakfast was a little better that the average continental style (fresh fruits, pastry, and the usual you-make waffles, etc..), and there were plenty of tables in the breakfast area. Coffee was available all day. The area can't be beat for convenience. Walking distance to Water Tower, John Hancock, a short block off Michigan Ave., Subway sandwiches next door for quick lunch, and two good Thai places nearby. Also, a White Hen on the next street over for anything you may need for mixed drinks, snacks, etc...An easy walk to Pizza Uno too. The hotel does not offer anything in thee way of views, but who is going to spend that much time in their room in Chicago? Only one negative; if you are on the back or lake side expect to be awakened early every day by laundry and garbage trucks. The medical center is behind the hotel, so they come EVERY morning! We were on the 8th floor, and it was still loud, but not horrible. On the morning we were trying to sleep in, we were able to go back to sleep. I woud stay there again in a heartbeat. Our chambermaid was lovely, and the desk staff were as helpful as could be. Also the valets out front were super nice, and we didn't even have a car. They will snag a taxi for you if you need one. Unlike Hilton chain hotels, we had no hidden charges, and the free high speed internet was indeed free. Local and toll-free long distance calls were free, and we were charged the exact price we were quoted at the time of the reservation.	
May 30 2006	Wonderful!	My husband and I stayed two nights at this hotel over memorial day weekend. The hotel was very clean and in a great area of downtown. We saved alot of money by walking most places and not taking cabs since the location is excellent. We arrived at the hotel early, 11am but a room was ready! That was fantastic! The beds/pillows are comfortable and the shower was great too! The included continental breakfast was nice since most downtown Chicago hotels don't offer anymore. Only downside to this hotel was that it didn't have a pool. We would definitely stay here again!We ate at the Capital Grille right down from our hotel - we would highly recommend as well - great dinner!	
May 24 2006	Clean plush great location	Just 2 blocks off the Mag Mile, this is the plushest Fairfield Inn that I've every stayed in. Comfortable, firm beds have 4 pillows each and down comforters. Absolutely, totally, sparkling clean! And you can't beat the location. At $229 a night, this was more than I usually pay for a hotel room on a trip, but the location was wonderful - a short distance to the Loop, about 4 blocks from the El. 2 suggestions for the hotel: an adjustable office chair or recliner, and a way to fasten the curtain (ours gaped open a bit when closed). But those are minor points. A wonderful hotel. I felt very safe.	
May 8 2006 	Terrific Room and Location at a Great Price	My room at the Chicago Fairfield Inn and Suites was, quite simply, the cleanest, freshest hotel room I have ever stayed in--including Ritzes, Four Seasons and assorted boutique hotels worldwide. The decor was typical &quot;budget Marriott,&quot; but so what? I would stay here again for certain--the hotel is a block or so from Michigan Ave.; the bed was comfortable; my room, a kind of minisuite, I think, had a fridge and microwave, a tv in the bedroom alcove as well as in the sitting area, where there was also a DVD player and an impressive radio. The highspeed internet connection was free, as was a continental breakfast. I am a very picky traveler and I had nothing to criticize--well, maybe the fact that the morning paper was USA Today instead of one of the Chicago dailies and the coffee not so great, but it was hot and it was free so who am I to complain?	
May 2 2006	loved marriott fairfield inn	This is great location--1 1/2 blocks from the magnificent mile. Room with king size bed and living area with sofa. Great to have wired internet access and good selection for breakfast included.	
Apr 17 2006	Great Location!	We spent two nights at the Fairfield Inn in Downtown Chicago,and we were very pleased. It's a great location, clean, and the service was outstanding. It was a great value for the area. With the magnificient mile just a short stroll away, it was handy for shopping, and there were many restaurants nearby. The staff at the front desk was always willing to help in any way they could. They were very helpful with directions and made our stay very pleasant. We were even able to check in early! The continental breakfast was enough to get you started for the day. If you're looking for a nice hotel, convenient for area attractions, for a lesser price, this is the place!	
Mar 19 2006	A great find!	I just stayed in this hotel 3/17-3/19 and loved it! The price ($139) and location can't be beat! I lived in Chicago for many years and still travel there often for pleasure and business. I often struggle to find a good value hotel with real amenities and location. The hotel was only a block from the heart of the magnificent mile, with plenty of places to eat within walking distance. The room decor was surely not the W or the Westin but very clean and updated. The beds had plush down comfortors and pillows, no scuzzy old bedspreads. The tub was clean and the towels were fluffy and thick. The free breakfast was the best part! There were waffles, bagels, donuts, oatmeal, cereal, muffins etc etc. Even on the busy St Patty's day weekend the staff kept the room very clean and the food area well stocked with choices. I don;t have a single complaint! I think this hotel is a well kept secret!	
Feb 28 2006 	excellent value	I've stayed at both ends of the hotel scale in Chicago. I was very pleased with my three nights here for these reasons: 1) very clean 2) location great 3)shower was fabulous, hot and high pressure 4)sink outside the bathroom - my wife likes this because she can fix her hair without getting a steam bath while I'm in the shower 5)breakfast was just right, very well maintained and fresh/clean (not a huge breakfast like Embassy Suites but good oatmeal, cereals, juices, milk etc).It's not glitzy, the lobby does seem like a well kept dorm lobby. The staff is friendly and helpful, but not gushy and overly &quot;at your service.&quot; I didn't feel catered to, but felt well taken care of, which was fine with me. I don't have any negative things to say, overall a really nice place!	
Feb 20 2006	Great for a budget hotel in Chicago	I stayed at this hotel February 17-19, and was very pleased overall. First, the hotel was in a very central location right by Michigan Avenue which made for easy shopping along the Magnificent Mile. Second, the staff was very helpful. They recommended restaurants (good ones!) and helped us get a taxi as there was a -20 windchill Saturday morning when we headed out. Third, the room was very clean and the housekeeping staff friendly and very good at their job. The room was on the small side as I expected from a Chicago hotel. But the heat worked great, and we didn't spend all that much time in the room anyway. The only negative was the lack of a lightbulb in one of the lamps, but they took care of this problem within minutes of calling the front desk. The valet parking was expensive, but on par with other hotels in the area. The continental breakfast was chaotic, but I was impressed with the efficiency that the staff had in replenishing the food. The breakfast included waffles, boiled eggs, yogurt, cereal, a variety of breads, coffee, and nasty juice (the only downside). I'm not a huge breakfast eater, but my mom was very pleased with the selections, especially the waffles. I stayed in a room with two double beds, for 119 dollars including breakfast and high speed internet access. I didn't think the beds were all that comfortable, but I had no problems sleeping so no real complaints there. For the price, this is a great hotel choice in Chicago. You might get a slightly bigger room and a more comfortable bed for 80 bucks more, but I was satisfied with the Fairfield Inn and will likely stay there again on my next trip to Chicago.	
Jan 15 2006	Fairfield is the best! Wouldn't stay anywhere else!	You can't beat the location of this hotel - right around the corner from Michigan Ave - right where all the great stores are located - short walk to the old water tower etc. Hotel itself is great - very clean - new carpet - well presented - apartment wasn't spacious but wasn't too small either - quiet - the breakfast was excellent - a massive selection of cereal, toast, bagels, waffles, pastries, hot chocolate, coffee, tea and fruit. Staff kept replenshing supplies often - nice and helpful staff - would suggest the Grand Lux Cafe for a nice place to eat - not expensive and was lovely food, nice atmosphere too - cheesecake factory a little further down which was great too. We loved our stay at the Fairfield and have already recommended it to others.	
Dec 28 2005	Very nice for the Price	This is a nice hotel. Clean rooms, helpful staff and bountiful continental breakfast. Just a block or so from Michigan Ave. Though it does not have it's own restaurant on site, there are plenty of options nearby. I recommend a room on a higher floor, especially if located on the front side of building overlooking Ontario Ave.Every area of hotel was very clean and inviting.	
Dec 19 2005 	Great location great value	Although I was only there for one night, the staff was friendly and courteous, always greeting me when I entered or left the hotel. I had several appointments during the afternoon, and I was able to check in early and 'set up shop' in the room before my first meeting.I didn't have an ethernet cable in the room, but on my return from an appointment, I stopped by the front desk and requested one. No hassles. No problem. I was handed one with a smile and an apology for it not being there when I checked in. The room was small, reminding me of the Marriott Marquis New York, and the furniture wasn't especially fancy. However, it was clean and while I did spend time in the room working, I didn't feel especially cramped. Granted, I was only there for one day, had a Queen Single, and paid $129/night.Still, if you're looking for a hotel close to the Magnficent Mile, with a tasty Italian restaurant on St. Clair street close by, I recommend this hotel.	
Dec 19 2005	Get a Suite and you'll love it	After seeing the generally positive reviews of the Fairfield, with negative comments about smallish rooms, I booked a suite (normal rooms were going for $89+tax with AAA discount on the weekend before xmas, so a suite was only $116+tax), so I spent the extra $27 and was really glad I did.The suite had two oversized TVs, decent bathroom with great water pressure, and was nearly the size of 2 separate rooms. A pull-out couch, coffee table, and desk, along with a TV in one room; a bed with nightstands in the other room.Breakfast was actually excellent--I'm really not sure what &quot;Deluxe Continental Breakfast&quot; should mean, but that's exactly what it is: cold Cereals, hot oatmeal, 6 kinds pastries/muffins, waffles, bagels, toast, yogurt, coffee/tea, juices, and more. Arriving at 9:30am, I thought it would be mobbed, but even though it was busy, food was CONSTANTLY replenished--things were kept so neat, in fact, that when I left an empty plate on the counter for a second (because I'd forgotten to retrieve my make-your-own waffle), when I returned to get it, it was already cleaned up!Simple check-in, friendly staff, and (using my Marriott Silver level) I was even allowed a 3pm check-out.Location is perfect--better for shopping (North Michigan Avenue shopping, including Water Tower Place, Marshall Field's, Filene's Basement, H&amp;M) than just about any other hotel, other than maybe the Ritz-Carlton or Peninsula. Of course, those cost $400 per night! Within a block of the Fairfield, away from Michigan Avenue, are several nice Japanese restaurants, plus a Chipotle, Potbelly Sandwich shop, Baskin-Robbins/Dunkin Donuts, and coffee places, along with a White Hen Pantry (a 24-hour mini-mart).We only used public transport, since it's less than 2 blks to Michigan Avenue. So, coming from Midway Airport, it's about 40 minutes; same out to O'Hare. Also, without walking more than 2 blocks, you can get buses to Sears Tower and to the Lakeview/Boystown neighborhoods. Get the $5 per day tourist transit card, and even if you don't use $5 worth, it's great because you can board any bus or train and you never need any money.If you can get a good price at the Fairfield Downtown, this is really a no-brainer!	
Dec 13 2005	Great Location Ok Room	We paid $169 a night for this room for the weekend of 12/9. We chose this room for the location and because of being Marriott rewards members. The location is ideal, the rooms were not what I was expecting. I've stayed in nicer Fairfield rooms that were $69 a night. The continental breakfast was by no means &quot;deluxe&quot; as the website states. Overall, I think that for the $$ there are nicer rooms out there if that is what you're concerned with. If you only want location, then this hotel might be a good option.	
Nov 14 2005	Wonderful service even better location	This hotel was all we needed for our 3 day stay in downtown Chicago. We arrived at 11AM on a Friday and were allowed to check into our room. I had requested an upper level floor and the top floor (the 15th) wasn't ready so we got a room on the 9th floor, which was fine with me. The rooms are a bit small and no space is wasted but it's a moderately priced hotel in downtown, so a smaller room was acceptable. The staff is exceptional and always friendly and willing to help. The complimentary breakfast is fully stocked and has lots of choices like waffles, yogurt, oatmeal, english muffins, bagels, pastries, cereal and juice/coffee. When we checked out on Sunday, our flight was later that afternoon, so the staff held our bags. Overall, we will stay there again and it was a great bang for our buck!	
Oct 23 2005	Great Location Lousy Room	My wife and I booked this room for a three day weekend without the kids. Whatever else you want in a hotel, keep in mind that about all you're getting with this one is location.The hotel is located about a block east of Michigan and the Miracle Mile. Great for shopping, eating, etc. The staff was friendly and fairly helpful. The compimentary breakfast was also good.Our big problems were room size and noise. This room (queen bed) may be the smallest I've ever booked anywhere. There wasn't even enough room between the bed and walls/tv/desk for my wife to unfold her travel workout mat (about 5 feet by 2.5 feet). The bathroom was also terribly small. The toilet was closer to the shower/tub than it was to the toilet paper. And forget about getting a good night's sleep. The bed was average, the pillows below average. The heating unit was noisy. We were also treated to about 10 times per night of someone dumping glass (beer bottles?) into a dumpster behind the hotel. I don't know if this was hotel staff's fault or not, but even on the 5th floor it sounded like it was right outside our room. Oh, and the hallway smelled like smoke.The $200 per night rate did not include $35 per day for parking (plus tips) and over $30 per night for taxes. When I go back to Chicago (and we loved our time in the city) I'll book elsewhere, even if it means a higher price.	
Oct 11 2005 	Great hotel Great price!	A coworker and I stayed at this hotel during our recent trip to Chicago for a convention. Our convention was held at the Palmer House, but the prices were very high there, and in an effort to save money (and get some Marriott points!) we stayed down the street at the Fairfield. We were both trilled by our stay! Although the rooms are small (all hotels are in Chicago!) we found the breakfast a nice touch, everything was immaculate, the street was quiet (we faced Ontario), and the staff was very nice. Additionally, we ended up saving about $200 a day including the cab fees back and forth to the Palmer House (they ran about $6.00 to $8.00). Overall, we were impressed, and when we pointed this out to the other convention goers, they were jealous, as one of them pointed out that they didn't even get a window with their overpriced room!	
Oct 7 2005	Couldn't be better	Spent the weekend in Chicago with a couple of buddies and had the pleasure of staying at the Fairfied Inn. The staff was great and met every demand and answered every question we had. Room was very comfortable and large enough for the three of us. I would definitley stay here again.	
Sep 26 2005	Great location. Great customer service. Clean	My sisters treated me to this my first trip to Chicago for my 40th birthday. The hotel was perfect. I would definitely stay here, again.We arrived in the morning, asked if a room was ready early, and they were able to get us in our room (around 10 a.m./check-in was 3 p.m.). It was a relief to be able to unload. They were extremely friendly. We told them the purpose of our trip. They surprised us with a basket of fresh chocolate chip cookies and a birthday card. What a treat!We always felt safe here. The location was just right. Just far enough off the madness of the Mile, but close enough to be there in a couple of short blocks. The Schezuwan (sp?) restaurant at the next corner has a wonderful Dim Sum. My sister had eaten at the Indian restaurant across the street on another trip and recommended it. Everything's nearby.I understand the beds are being replaced, soon. I slept like a baby. Wonderful pillows. But, the bedding did seem pretty worn. Water pressure could not have been better. Great shower. Our view was not interesting. Perhaps we might have gotten a better view when more rooms were cleaned by 3:00 check in. It was worth it to be able to check in early and take the view of the room on another building.Breakfast was just right. Stocked constantly. Basic stuff, but plenty of selection. Pretty location on the 2nd floor. I loved this hotel and would seriously consider staying here, again, as long as the price was right.	
Sep 21 2005	Very Satisfied	My daughter and I stayed at the Fairfield Inn September 15, 2005. We arrived at 11:00 a.m. and they actually had a room ready for us! There is easy access to park your car when checking in, then a valet takes care of getting your car in a parking garage. The room and bathroom was clean and spacious. A continental style breakfast was included which was very satisfying. When checking out on the 16th, we had additional shopping we wanted to do but had shopping bags and our suitcases to deal with. They have arrangements to tag them and keep them in a locked room behind the front desk until you return. The hotel is nicely located close to Michigan Ave. Very accomodating.	
Aug 7 2005	security and guests first!!!	An old friend and I went away for a girls weekend. We loved the Fairfield Inn. It was very comfortable and in a great location. We got back to the hotel and were sleeping.......at 5AM the phone started ringing. Thinking it was my wake up call, I answered the phone, said thanks for the wake up call and hung up. Someone was knocking at the door, yes at 5 AM. The phone rang again, this time my friend answered the phone. It was the front desk. Some guy walked past the front desk and said he was going to our room. We got to sleep early since I had to get up at 6AM to catch the early plane out. The girl at the front desk asked my friend if we were expecting a guest. Of course the answer was NO. She thanked us and told us security was on their way up to remove this &quot;guest&quot;. Two seconds later we heard Security talking to this guy to remove him from the hotel. I can only guess he met some girl in the bar and she said she was staying in our room and he was going to pay her a visit. A little scary for us . Hats off to the Fairfield Inn in downtown Chicago. I will stay there again because of the top security again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jul 14 2005	Great in every way!	I just came home from the Fairfield Inn and everyone there was awesome! I was there with my mom and sister; the Fairfield gave us a great rate because our mother is a senior citizen! They also include a continental breakfast - we were used to coffee and day-old danish = here they have juices, cereals, toast, hard-boiled eggs, bagels, fruit, the requisite danish, but also 2 make-your-own waffle waffle-maker with individual waffle mix right there for your convenience! Very tasty and easy; ready in 2minutes! I wanted to take one home with me! The front desk staff were always very courteous and knowledgeable, even when we arrived tired and cranky after our red-eye flight at 7am! The best part was that our room was ready so we were allowed to check-in at 7am and take a nap. The room was fine, and the Fairfield's location was really great - just 2blocks from Michigan Ave. and the free Trolley to Navy Pier. I would definately recommend the Fairfield!	
Jun 25 2005 	Absolutely Amazing Find!!!!!	Let me start by stating that I am typically the world's greatest deplorer of so-called cheap (budget) hotels. But having stayed at many chain and non-chain hotels across the globe, both on business and pleasure, this is definitively one of the best value for money hotels you will ever ever (ever!) find. That is a fact, not a mad Brit raving about a one off experience. Fantastic location, highly functional rooms, very helpful staff...it hits the spot every single time. I really don't need to write much more. Try it. You will be very pleasantly surprised!	
May 24 2005	Great Location!	This hotel is amazing! The rates are extremely reasonable and the location can't be beat! It's only a block and a half from Michigan Avenue! This is the only place we stay when we're in Chicago. The rooms aren't fancy, but they're clean and comfortable. The staff is very friendly. The breakfast is pretty decent, but the breakfast room is kind of small. I recommend bringing the food back to your room. I highly recommend staying here. It's great.	
May 24 2005 	Excellent - seemed like new Chicago hotel	Stayed 04/25/05 - 04/26/05.In Chicago taking photos for work and this hotel is very close to Michigan Avenue.The hotel had a very new look to it and the staff were first rate. Rooms had high speed internet and decent cable channel selection.Breakfast buffet was very crowded - a group I think - so I headed to Cambridge House 1 block south of the hotel - my favorite place for breakfast in Chicago. Valet parking was quick and they let me retrieve some items from the car after it had already been parked. Highly recommended.	
Apr 30 2005 	Good deal and great location	The location of this hotel is definately great! Just off Michigan Avenue, near Navy Pier and only about 4 blocks from the large Convention-focused Sheraton, it is a great alternative place to stay for those on a budget. I was in Chicago for a convention at the Sheraton and could not justify the rates there; this was a short 4 block walk, and saved me lots of money! Add in the really better than average complimentary breakfast and you have a great deal. Be aware that the rooms can be quite small, but if you're not there to spend more than just sleeping time in the room, it should be no problem.	
Apr 7 2005	Great value and location	Three of us stayed here in a studio &quot;suite&quot; for two nights in mid-March. Rooms were clean and comfortable, although the sleeper sofa mattress was thin. Bedroom does not have any doors closing it off from the rest of the &quot;suite&quot; so consider this if you are looking for any privacy. Included free continental+ breakfast. The location just of Michigan is great. There is a computer in the lobby that guests can use for free internet access/printing. We would stay here again at a similar rate (less than $130), but would probably book separate rooms rather than a studio suite.	
Mar 30 2005	Surprisingly elegant and convenient!		
Feb 11 2005	What a find!		
Nov 2 2004	Pleasantly surprised		
Aug 30 2004	Not a bad Place		
Jul 21 2004	Good for Budget Conscious-		
Jul 10 2004	spotless retreat		
Jul 10 2004	great stay		
Mar 23 2004	Fantastic service!		
Feb 9 2004	great deal		
Jan 20 2004	Most value for the Dollar-Downtown Chicago		
Sep 5 2009 	Fairfield non si smentisce mai !!		
Aug 12 2009 	Muy buena experiencia		
Jan 27 2007 	veramente confortevole e pulito		
