Nov 3 2009 	Excellent location friendly staff highly recommended!	My wife and I stayed here in early October on a brief trip to Chicago. The hotel is ideal if you are going to a show as we were. Even in raining weather, we were able to walk to dinner and the show.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great Location	Great location, but after booking I checked the location with the orange suited guy on Google Maps, and realised there was the elevated metro on Wabash. E-mailed and requested a room away from the street, which we got. Background whoosh of trains, but did not disturb our sleep.Checked in with hand baggage so really never used any of the hotel services, except was able to use their internet facility and print our boarding cards back to Houston. Would have been nice to have a microwave, even with the ice machine and automat.Rooms at the rear would have been quieter, other than traffic.Great location with CTA train station at the front door and buses one block away.	
Oct 15 2009 	EXTREMELY QUIET Comfortable Bed with 6 pillows 	Even though this hotel is located on a street where the train runs right out front....it was so unbelievably quiet! When you think about why you go to a hotel in the first place, it's usually to get a good nights sleep! You will here. If you are looking for a room with a view...don't stay here! If you are looking for a good nights sleep...this is it. We did have breakfast in the dining on the ground floor and it was a nice breakfast. Staff was very friendly and helpful, parking and valet was a breeze! Would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Oct 10 2009 	I loved my stay at the Silversmith!	I stayed at the Silversmith in Chicago for 2 nights on Sept. 13 &amp; 14, 2009. I loved it! I was looking for a small boutique hotel and it was perfect. Great location within walking distance to everything downtown. I thought the room and it's furnishings were very nice. And we were shocked at the fact that you couldn't hear the El even though it was right out the front door. I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. I would recommend this hotel to friends and family!	
Oct 8 2009 	Horrible Horrible Horrible	I stayed there with friends on the night of September 11, 2009. The valet person was lazy and took his time to move our cars and picked them up when we had requested for them. The front desk was untruthful in where to park which caused one of the guests to have her car ticketed and towed. The housekeeping was very unprofessional. We had requested more sheets and blankets at 4am and they took an hour to bring it to my room. I will never stay there again nor recommend anyone else to do so.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great location Shabby rooms	We stayed 3 nights at the Silversmith. We had previously stayed at this hotel and were looking forward to our trip. The Silversmith was a complete letdown. The bed was so uncomfortable my fiance barely slept the entire time. The bathroom was also dirty (the garbage was not cleaned out, one of the ceiling tiles had been wedged into place and had a piece of toilet paper hanging out, the tiles were cracked and moldy). The service was also so/so. On the plus side, they let us check in early. But they gave us one bottle of shampoo for the two of us for 3 nights. I finally called after I realized that the room had been cleaned but they hadn't replenished our soap/shampoo. The only great thing about the Silversmith is its location. It's 2 blocks from Millenium park, about half a mile to the museums, a mile or mile and a half to the heart of the shops. Even so, there are other better hotels that are just as conveniently located.	
Sep 30 2009 	A Real Gem	We just spent three nights at the Silversmith and couldn't be any happier with the hotel. We planned the trip primarily to visit the Art Institute, only a few blocks away, and the hotel was perfectly situated. We were very pleased with the room, the staff, and the especially convenient location. Great area to stay in, with plenty of attractions, wonderful and reasonably priced restaurants, and shopping if you're into that. We will certainly stay at the Silversmith again and recommend it highly.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great location deceptively quiet but gym and Internet weak	Paid about $170 a nite for three mid-week nites, which seems high but was the cheapest that week, it seemed. The Silversmith is a historic-registered downtown building that faces a noisy elevated L train. Don't worry: many of the rooms face rear-ward. Mine did, and it was dark, but totally quiet, did not hear the L at all. Room and bed was comfortable but smallish, which was emphasized by the large Oak furniture...happy I didn't stub my toe :)The gym was tiny, as many hotel gyms are. The wired Internet was very slow, made it hard for me to do my work. And I was disappointed by the downstairs Ada's deli...friendly wait-staff but food was only so-so.	
Sep 25 2009 	Nice hotel - terrible internet	Hotel was nice, spacious, and clean. Fridge and coffee maker in unit, but no microwave. Good location and a good place to stay. Amenities were nothing special. Internet was free, but virtually useless - I'm a network person and clocked my speeds consistently at 1/4 of traditional 56k dial-up. If you need to use the net (ie. business travelers), you'll be disappointed.	
Sep 16 2009 	Spacious rooms poor internet connection (hey it's free)	I stayed in the Silversmith for two nights during a recent business trip.I was pleased with the size of the room and the bathroom. Very spacious, especially for downtown Chicago at this price point.Pillows were a little lumpy.The internet was very, very, very slow. Many sites failed to load after five minutes.The hotel restaurant isn't anything to write home about. Hoof it about a block and you have plenty of fast dining options (Chipotle, Jimmy Johns sandwiches).Bell hop was friendly and efficient.Lobby area was huge but deserted. They've got lots of chairs and tables to relax in, but no guests seemed to hang out in that area.	
Sep 13 2009 	Good Location Well Mainatined Very Comfortable Stay	We stayed here for three nights in August. I booked at an unbelievable rate of $80 per night via hotels.com and I'm more than happy with the value I received for the rate! The regular rooms are quite spacious, with a fridge and very nice larger than normal bathrooms. The hotel is older and the rooms don't appear to have been remodeled any time recently. However cleanliness wasn't an issue. The place was so well kept and the hotel has a quality craftsman type feel to it. You could hear the &quot;el&quot; from our room on the seventh floor, but it didn't disrupt our stay. I appreciated the proximity which made getting around a breeze. Just a couple of criticisms; the mattress on our King sized bed was sagging in the middle although it was still comfortable. The sheets were looking a tad on the threadbare side. So the hotel could invest some money in those small areas. Also, the free wired internet connection didn't work in our room. Not a big issue, we just enjoyed the free wi fi in the lobby instead. All in all a very good value if you can get a discount as I did. For the normal price though there are other options in the same area that are just as good. I would stay here again if I were to get a similar deal.	
Sep 9 2009 	Very clean and great location	I used &quot;hotwire&quot; (crossed my fingers) and this was the hotel we got!! I could not have asked for more. The &quot;EL&quot; is right outside the door which made it very easy to get to/from Midway Airport. It was very clean, comfortable and very spacious. Also, the higher the better.. Our room was on the 10th floor so we really didn't get bothered by the noise.The hotel is located on the loop on Wabash and Madison, only one block from Michigan Ave. and Millennium Park. The staff was just great, they stored our luggage and were of great help.	
Sep 8 2009 	Excellent Concierge Service!	I had booked a couple days at the hotel with my mom, sister, and young nephew. We had two very nice rooms and greatly enjoyed the pleasant reception and warm cookies! My nephew was very happy chatting with the friendly staff. Most importantly the manager handled a potentially disastrous situation unbelievably well. I was leaving with my mother to attend a funeral in Mississippi after 2 days and we had to get an early start. I had sent my bags with the bellman on duty (5 AM) and the valet brought my van around. As the bellman was outside already and had opened my door, I assumed he had already placed the bags in the back and off we drove. We didn't notice they weren't there until we were many hours away. I frantically called the hotel and the manager assured me they would get our bags to us in time for the funeral. He had my bags flown down to me that very day and I was not charged at all for the service. It was the most unbelievable concierge service I have ever experienced. They really take care of their guests and are conscientious about getting things done quickly and accurately!	
Sep 1 2009 	Excellent hotel in heart of the city	I stayed at the Silversmith with a friend for the weekend and had an excellent time. The room was incredibly quiet and comfortable, and the staff was very nice. They went out of their way to greet us in the hallways, and the desk staff was very courteous about our needs (arranging for a taxi, FedEx, etc.). I have absolutely no complaints.I haven't slept that well in a hotel room in a while!One thing to note -- the internet is free (a lot of hotels in the Loop charge extra for wireless) but it is wired, so you will be chained to the desk (they provide the cable). I was very okay with that.	
Aug 31 2009 	Excellent Hotel	My husband and I were concerned about the negative reviews, but were pleasantly surprised when we found the hotel to be very nice and the staff were excellent. I approached each staff member with a smile and they were very kind in return. The room was large and the bathroom was very trendy and huge!! The room was clean and linens and coffee were replaced daily. The only negative was the computer speed was very slow.We plan to stay there again next year when we return in August.	
Aug 29 2009 	Nice Room some L noise	Based on concerns raised by others on Trip Advisor, we requested a high room away from the elevated train that travels along the east side of the hotel. We were assigned a room on the 10th floor, facing east into a central courtyard that was open to the south. The passing trains were noticeable, though over the course of 6 nights we became less conscious of them. When we ran the A/C, we could not hear the trains at all. On our floor, the rooms that faced west, and would be least likely to experience the L noise, were # 1014 to 1018.Based on the hotel name, I had been expecting our room to be a suite; rather it was a slightly larger hotel room with a hide-a-bed couch, coffee table, and chair in addition to the normal king-sized bed.Maid service was good; the room was clean and odor free. The free high speed internet is cable (wired) only; there is no Wi-Fi available.The location is great! It is a very short walk to Millennium Park and the Art Institute. We took many walking, one bus, and the boat tour with the Chicago Architectural Foundation - they really make this architecturally rich city come alive.	
Aug 22 2009 	Bad Experience	I travelled with my 3 teenagers &amp; myself (the Mom) to Chicago, from Toronto, recently just for a few nights &amp; days.My goodness! not even bottle water in the refrigerator....how cheap! The staff were very rude!....They thought we were all kids...I Iguess!....Myself the Mom looks like a teenager...so I guess no RESPECT!I will never recommend this hotel.	
Aug 17 2009 	A gem in the heart of the Loop	My wife and I spent several days here celebrating our 40th wedding anniversary, and finishing the research om my book about Chicago. This hotel is a gem. First of all, the price was fabulous. I found a very low rate on a popular hotel-booking website, then called the Silversmith directly and they matched it -- just over a hundred dollars a night. NEVER pay rack rate! The staff was friendly and helpful. The room was spacious and immaculate. Elevators were quick, public areas were comfortable -- we enjoyed our 4-night stay enormously and will certainly return next time we are in the city. Two tips: 1) If you are very sensitive to noise, ask for a room away from the street. The L runs right outside the hotel and you will hear it. In interior rooms, however, the trains sound more like a whoosh of wind than a clattering train. 2) There is a large parking garage half a block south at Wabash and Monroe. If you park your car there yourself, you'll save about $7 a day extra the valet parking costs. We just parked our car and left it, and used the L and buses -- order visitor travel cards in advance from the CTA website for great savings.The hotel is on the east side of the Loop, very close to Macy's (nee: Marshall Fields), Grant Park, the Art Institute, theaters, restaurants, and all sorts of public transportation. If you're here to shop the Mag Mile, Michigan Avenue is one block east, a 2-minute walk, where a five minute bus ride on just about any bus that goes by will take you to that shopping Mecca. All rooms in the Silversmith have access to free high-speed internet via an Ethernet cable provided in the room. It worked flawlessly. The restaurant is open from early morning until 10 p.m., but we didn't eat there, having our own favorites. It's not cheap. An inexpensive breakfast option is half a block south at Wabash and Monroe (across from the parking garage I mentioned) called the Corner Bakery.	
Aug 3 2009	Nice hotel with the exception of one rude front desk clerk.	My two sisters and I traveled to Chicago for a weekend getaway and stayed at the Silversmith for two nights. The hotel was a bit tricky to locate from the street due to only a small sign at the hotel entrance. We called the hotel and the front desk clerk was able to provide us with exact directions. We opted to park in the Self-Park garage located on Monroe Street (just around the corner from the hotel) instead of valet parking. The garage fee was $36 a night versus the $42 fee that the hotel charged. We checked in without any problems and went to our standard room with two double beds. Overall the room was clean and appeared to be spacious with very high ceilings. After a few minutes of getting settled in, we noticed a very foul fishy/urine smell on one of the beds. It was not only on the bed spread but also on the sheets. We promptly called the front desk to notify them and the front desk clerk, Rossi, was more than rude to us. He told us that it was unlikely that he had any other rooms with 2 double beds and he didn't know how soon a maid could come to take care of the bed. He then called back and in a rude tone of voice told us that he could give us a room with a king sized bed and a sleeper couch. We agreed to take this room. When we went back down to the front desk to get our new keys, we asked to speak to a manager. Rossi, snickered and shook his head at us before getting the manager. While the hotel manager listened to our complaint about the room and the rude treatment we had received, he did not offer an apology. After we left the hotel for a few hours, we returned to find a nice gift package with bottles of water, wine, snacks, and a card from management. The room we were moved to was a very nice suite. It had a refrigerator, microwave, and a tub with jets. We had no other problems with the hotel. The shower had great water pressure and plenty of hot water. While you could hear the &quot;L&quot; train, it was not an annoying sound by any means and did not bother us at all at night. This hotel was certainly not the nicest we have stayed in but for the price, it was just fine. All in all, we did have a decent stay at this hotel with the exception of our encounter with Rossi. All of the other hotel staff were pleasant. I think if we were to return to Chicago we would probably stay in a different location that was closer to the Magnificent Mile or the Navy Pier.	
Aug 3 2009 	Nice hotel...terrible staff!	We stayed here because we were going to a very nearby theatre to see Jersey Boys. The hotel was very nice and clean but the staff was the most rude and unfriendly we have ever run across! We passed a bellman three times in the course of our first day there, spoke to him and he just looked right through us. He is the first person any guest sees and he was extremely rude! Bad start! The young man at the desk when we checked in was a little better but not by much. The room was very nice and clean but you had to walk sideways through it because there was so little space between the end of the bed and a huge cabinet that housed the tv. Once you managed to get past the bed and cabinet there was a ridiculousy large office space. Tiny room with close quarters but an oversized office and desk?? Not a good thing for leisure travelers! We were awoken at 5:15 am by several 20 something women, obviously drunk out of their minds running and screaming off the elevator and down the 8th floor hallway. I called the front desk only to receive a response of &quot;What do you want me to do about it?&quot; Excuse me, is it not your job to make sure the patrons at your hotel are safe and comfortable? I could not believe his response!! We did talk to the front desk clerk about this when we checked out, but based on the simple response that &quot;she had no idea who that would have been that answered and spoke to me that way, but she would look into it&quot; I highly doubt it will even be repeated.It was a nice hotel and in a location very close to many things to see, but the terribly unfriendly staff made it a place we would not recommend or stay again!!Parking was $42 a day!! (The internet stats it is $30!) We chose to walk a couple blocks and pay $20!	
Aug 3 2009 	Location and value rock everything else needs help	If you are unfamiliar with Chicago and driving to the hotel, you will need to be a detective to actually find the hotel on Wabash. It will take you several trips around downtown Chicago to find it. Cool building and ok lobby. Not very welcoming or warm feeling. Nice lady at check in. The rooms, while large are about the darkest and gloomiest I have ever seen. The couches are in dark greys and the lighting is very poor. Nice large bathroom and the bed was great and spacious.I would recommend this hotel if you want to be in a safe, downtown hotel and want to be a good location. Wonderful proximity to Millenium Park and shopping downtown. I also got a very good rate online, so if you are a bargain traveler, you can get good rates, here.When I go to Chicago again, I would not stay at this hotel.	
Jul 29 2009 	A Positive Surprise	We booked The Silversmith based on the reviews of others, but more than anything based on price/location. We make at least annual trips to Chicago, and have tended to stay somewhere along North Michigan. This was only our second shot at staying inside the Loop...and it was terrific. The location is, indeed, exceptional for Grant Park, Art Institute, downtown shopping, theater, etc. And El stations are literally at your doorstep. The entry of the hotel is almost hidden, but the rooms ar grand (we stayed in two.) You will read complaints about El noise, but city noise is part of the downtown Chicago experience. Don't stay here if you prefer the quiet, suburban chain hotels. This is older but in nice shape, large rooms, convenient to everything, and a real Chicago &quot;immersion.&quot; And the staff treated us remarkably well. It is our new favorite Chicago hotel. Note that parking is very pricey, but why are you driving into Chicago's Loop?	
Jul 23 2009 	Very nice!	The hotel was a bit understated as far as the entrance goes since it really only has a doorway with little indication of what is there (I have stayed at the Palmer House a couple of times so compared to the big cheery entrances for the Palmer House, the Silversmith entrance is bizarre). Anyway, the staff was quite nice and the doormen (and they were men) were always friendly. The room (910 I believe) was great. A king bed and a longish padded window seat. A nice chair and good desk set. Our view was not that great but the room was quiet, clean and comfortable. I stayed here to attend a conference at National Louis University. Very close to the University so that was great. I also liked that it was so close to the institute of arts and Millennial Park (I think that is what it is called). Lots of nearby restaurants and shopping too. We especially like Gage for drinks in the evening.	
Jul 17 2009 	Refused to honor Priceline quote and receipt	The Silversmith has a certain amount of deco charm, and the location is very convenient to Millenium Park and the L train, but those are the only things it has going for it. Our room faced a brick wall, but I think the only other option was to face the noisy L train, so perhaps we got the best option of the two. We also asked for a high floor when we reserved the room 6 months ago, and we were put on the lowest floor. Most frustratingly, the hotel did not honor our Priceline quote. After quite a bit of haggling, they were only willing to knock $50 off the price of our entire 7-night visit, though our Priceline quote was much less. There were also a lot of small things that let you know that you weren't staying in a 3-star hotel, like the fact that they only order a few copies of the newspaper, so you have to get up early and rush downstairs to try to make sure you get one.	
Jul 14 2009 	Good location; friendly staff; average on the rest	Silversmith Hotel is an average hotel in a great location with a friendly staff.You are only a five minute walk from the Art Institute and Millennium Park and ten to fifteen minutes from Wacker Drive and the Chicago River.In terms of getting there, you are right next to multiple L routes and a couple of blocks from the blue L line that takes you to O'Hare. I drove my car to the hotel to drop off and pick up my luggage and the valet parkers and busmen were very friendly and allowed us to park our car short term in the valet parking area.Check in and checkout were handled smoothly and other questions were answered by friendly people at the main desk.The room was good-sized with the sleep quarters in a separate room from the bathroom and a pretty small living room. I liked the Arts and Crafts furniture.Bathroom had very good water pressure and was just fine, as were the bath towels.They followed their stated environmental policies and did not wash our linens or towels as requested.So what makes me give this an average rating?Even though we were on the side away from the L, we could still hear it from our bedroom (that doesn't bother me, but it did bother my wife). There were no shades to pull closed so the light came pouring in. The mattress was not very supportive, nor the pillows.The Internet was free and was available both wired and wireless. Unfortunately, the service was kind of poky and spotty. I tried going back and worth between wired and wireless, but had to give up a couple of times because it was taking too long.Business office was pretty sad. There were two pretty old computers that inexplicably used the wireless signal and not wired access. That limited its speed. In addition, only one computer could use the printer at any one time. As cheap as computers are at this point, I couldn't figure out why they didn't just buy some newer computers with better capabilities.The T.V.s in the bedroom and living room were 25&quot; CRTs and the remote didn't really work for one of them. It also turned on at a bracingly high volume.There were no recycling options in the building for paper, plastic bottles, plastic bags, etc.The power went out on Friday morning (utility issue, not their fault) and an elevator got stuck. It was still stuck when we left on Monday.All in all, I would stay at the hotel again, but given it was in the same price range as much nicer conference hotels, I would think twice if I could get into a nicer place.	
Jul 11 2009 	Low Bull High Quality Great Value	We arrived at midnight, and were handled efficiently and well by the night staff when we found them (a small idiosyncrasy of the hotel is that its lobby is not at street level). It was clear from the lobby decor that if our room lived up to the same stylistic standard we wouldn't be disappointed, and we weren't. Our room was first class. There was nothing in it that we would criticize, and it showed the results of the painstaking makeover which we knew had been done. Service, when we needed it, was also first class - easy, friendly and without frills; and the location is terrific. We didn't hear any trains on our side of the building.	
Jul 5 2009 	Great hotel location and value as long as you stay on courtyard side	The Silversmith is in the Jewelry District (about two blocks from Grant Park), and is immediately in front of an elevated train stop on the loop. The stop connects to four lines, which makes it very convenient to anywhere in Chicago. It also makes all street front rooms very noisy, not just from the passing/stopping trains but the train announcements, too. I stayed on the courtyard side and could still hear the noise, and the wind surges, created by each train. But, enough of the negatives. The hotel was very attractive, with rich oak furniture and paneling. The prairie décor was reminiscent of Frank Lloyd Wright. The L-shaped room was approximately 600 square feet, with twin queen beds, a large bathroom and a large foyer. Lots of quality, small touches in the room. The service was first rate. My rate was only $122 (not including breakfast) thanks to hotel.com.	
May 28 2009 	Good value but a few downfalls.	The Silversmith is very promising -- good location, nice big rooms, right price. A few issues make it a bit less than ideal, however.The good: we had a gigantic room with a king bed and pull-out sofa, along with a huge bathroom with separate shower and jacuzzi tub. The price was right at $90/night from Priceline.The bad: The hotel is right next to the El, so it is a little noisy, even on the other side of the building. Of course, this is also rather convenient if you want to take the metro. The staff was fine, though at times they seemed patronizing (talked very slowly, described everything they were doing -- it was odd, though perhaps a Chicago thing?). Worst aspect of the hotel was the &quot;business center&quot; -- a pair of seriously underpowered PCs and a low-ink inkjet printer that probably came free in a bundle. Trying to print a boarding pass for the flight home was an exercise in patience at best.Overall a fine stay for the price, but nothing particularly great.	
May 27 2009 	Good Value for the money.	I booked this Hotel through Priceline for 80 dollars plus tax. Price was good when I booked it. Then afterwords, I started receiving promotions for 4 star Hotels for 100 dollars.Pros: My conclusion is for the money 80, is good. Clean, good bed, good towels, good and large bathroom. I 've got a room in the back, no L noise. Service is excellent, check in and check out ( they gave us a late check-out ).Cons: Although location is good, the Hotel is &quot;under the L rails&quot; which appears sad, odd and scary.Lobby is old, very old, big and dated. However, if you do not mind about it, it's fine.If you go during a weekend, I would recommend a more northern ( Michigan North) location....	
May 23 2009 	Good hotel for a good price	Overall, I was pretty happy with the room, the location and the price. No complaints or anything. I enjoyed my stay here and would return to the hotel. It's not super fancy but you need to ask yourself what you're looking for..The hotel is located near the base of the L train and my first impression was that the area seemed a bit dodgey (and that was during the day) but the Hilton (Palmer House) is only a block away. Having walked around though the area a few times it seems totally fine. Also, the L train is right above the hotel and it's pretty noisy (I could hear it inside at the reception desk)The room is pretty large but rather dark (I was facing inward to a closed off area in the hotel complex. But if my option was facing the street and listening to the train, I'd prefer the inward view (and you could hear the train from this room but very faintly). The bathroom is large, the internet is free but they have an older tube tv. The fitness room comprises of two treadmills, a step climber, an elyptical machine, a bench and a small universal type machine. This is located a few doors down from the E. Madison subway entrance. I took a shuttle bus to the hotel and given the ride (over an hour and a half) I would recommend taking the subway/train. The hotel is also near the &quot;bean&quot; and the Art Institute of Chicago. Everything seems pretty walkable (Wacker street is probably a 15 minute walk away). You're within walking distance of deep dish pizza (Pizzano, Giordano's) and a bit farther out but walkable blues music (Blue Chicago).	
May 21 2009 	The Silversmith exudes excellence!	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at The Silversmith. I am not from Chicago but knowing friends who are, they informed me that I was definitely going to be in a great location being one block away from Millennium Park and Michigan Ave. Once I arrived, the bellmen were very prompt and had my luggage handled before I knew it. One of the things I thought to be unique of the hotel is that the main lobby is elevated to the second floor. It was a very nice presentation once the elevator doors opened. The lobby was spacious with a nice atmosphere and the front desk was happy to greet me. I had a reservation for a suite, and it was absolutely gorgeous! There were very nice surprise personal touches in the suite including a variety platter. The suite was very large which was unexpected, and despite the L train I noticed right in front, it was very quiet and I slept very well. Their staff was helpful and friendly in addressing any additional needs I had. I highly recommend The Silversmith, as I will continue to come back and stay in the future.	
May 20 2009 	Great Place Doorman is a treat!	I stayed here with family while visiting Chicago. The rooms are clean, the bathrooms are of a decent size, and the people were wonderful. However, the doorman, Vincent, was the real treat! He greeted us, escorted us with our luggage to our room, and recommended some great places to eat (none of which included the restaurant next to the hotel.) On the way back to the airport, we decided to take the el, which drops off right in front of the hotel. He packed our bags (50 lbs each) to the platform for us!This hotel is clean, and nice. The lobby is a great place to hide out if you want to get out of your room and read. Be aware that if you're looking to spend a great amount of time in your room, there isn't much of a view - it's surrounded by buildings and the el runs right in front. Don't be too afraid of the el, though - from the rooms we were in, you couldn't hear it unless it was really quiet, and then it sounded kind of like the ocean. The location is great - it's surrounded by everything within walking distance. However, I would avoid two things: 1) The restaurant downstairs - it's pricey and not very good, and 2) Room service - it comes from the same restaurant. There's a corner bakery a 1/2 block south which does a great breakfast and lunch, or a diner called B&amp;B's that's on the west side of the next block south that is much better and has a great breakfast special.In all, it's a pleasant place, and great if you're on vacation or planning to do other things besides sit in your room.	
May 19 2009 	Not the greatest but ok	We checked into the Silversmith Hotel on Friday May 15th. We had a suite and it was spacious and suited our needs perfectly. We ordered room service the next morning so that we could sleep in a bit longer before our tour. This was most likely the worst room service I have ever had. We normally let things slide and hardly ever complain about service. They forgot one breakfast, cutlery, drinks and napkins. The food they did deliver was barely luke warm. I called down and was told that if I wanted it fixed I would have to come down to them, they only had two waiters on that morning. Finally my husband went down and the person in charge was not going to do anything to correct the error. The manager happened to walk in and when told about the problem he said he would correct the bill. To add insult to injury they automatically add an 18% gratuity to the bill. Our tour operator told me that we had a great place for breakfast and was astounded when I told her about the service we received. We checked out on Monday and the bill had not been corrected, the person at the front desk did so though. The location is good but for the money we spent I would go else where. Chicago is a great city to visit and we had a great time and good memories. I just wanted to share this so that others can avoid the problem.	
May 17 2009 	Rude and Dishonest Manager	The manager lied to us. We tried to check in twice at 10am &amp; noon. We checked our bags with the staff and were told both times that our reservation was in order but we should check in later in the afternoon. At 5:30pm, we were told that Silversmith had no room for us! They said that they could not give us a refund, because &quot;Expedia&quot; had our money. My sister had booked the room and prepaid in full through Hotels.com. They sent us a mile away (as we were walking everywhere, it was not a convenient location) with no compensation other than $10 for cabfare. We called Hotels.com and were told that they couldn't refund our $ because Silversmith already had it!	
Apr 26 2009 	Girls Weekend - Great Hotel Choice	Booked through Groople at a decent rate (for Chicago). Was a bit worried after reading some of these reviews. But, no problem. Hotel rooms were spacious and furnished nicely. Great location, near the theaters, park, and restaurants. Only wierd thing was no glasses, only mugs, in rooms. Staff were all gracious and friendly. Kudos to Shannon, Patty and Vincent especially. Already planning next girls getaway for the same hotel.	
Mar 30 2009 	Weekend Stay for a Wedding	We stayed at the Silversmith Hotel and Suites this weekend for three nights. My daughter was married nearby and we arranged with the hotel for special pricing and to save rooms. Many of us stayed there over the weekend and we also had a private brunch in one of the meeting rooms. I can't say enought about the wonderful way we were treated, the beautiful setting, and the great room. They were willing to put the families on the same floor so that we could be together, pass out gift bags to our guests and helped us with the details and emergencies that came up. The brunch was wonderful and the servers not only did a good job during the meal but also helped us find boxes to pack up our decorations afterword. I just can't say enough good things about the Silversmith!!!	
Mar 29 2009 	Very pleased with the Silversmith	A very nice hotel with a wonderfully convenient location. My only real complaint would be that the hallway doors are very loud so that you hear all your neighbors comings and goings. Could get annoying with the wrong neighbors! At the moment access to the front door is awkward due to sidewalk construction but it was not a real problem. Valet parking needs 20-30 minutes advance notice to get you your car. Several alternative parking areas within two blocks.	
Mar 20 2009 	Fantastic hotel	Currently staying here for two nights with family. This is a beautiful restored landmark. Hallways are beautifully decorated and clean. Our room was immaculate, well-decorated, very pleasant. The main thing to be aware of is that this is a typical urban center hotel, which means the rooms are small. It's a tight fit for two adults and two teenagers, but the location and pleasantness of the hotel make up for that.If you are driving to the hotel, be aware that there is no parking adjacent to the hotel. A valet service is available at the entrance, but you may have to call the desk or send someone inside to let them know you are outside. Currently, there's some construction on the street in front of the hotel, which makes this a bit more difficult.Overall, a wonderful place to stay. A great value in the heart of the city. It's only a short walk to the Art Institute or Millennium Park.	
Mar 9 2009 	Best Kept Secret In Chicago!!	WOW!! This great hotel is the best kept secret we have found in Chicago. This is a charming place with beautiful rooms. The suite we had was great with plenty of room. A huge bathroom and beautiful bedroom were an added bonus. We surely were not expecting such a surprise. It is close to the L on Wabash but if you ask for a room toward the back you will have no problem with any noise. The rooms were large, clean and the staff were extremely friendly. The price is much more reasonable than any place we have found in Chicago. We definately will be going back when we visit Chicago again. Another convenience is the fact that it is located in the theater district so many theaters are within walking distance. Great place to stay!!	
Feb 19 2009 	Nice hotel for a great price	Silversmith is tucked away on Wabash - in the center of downtown, walking distance to Millenium Park, Michigan Ave and State St. Plenty of places to eat and bars around. The room was pretty basic, but nice. The hotel itself seemed very empty, not much going on. Great place downstairs for breakfast - Ada’s - and drinks at the 14 Karat Lounge. Miller’s Pub is a few doors down - great place for drinks!	
Feb 10 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	Really loved the hotel. Second time there. Paid with tax $114. My girl friend and I wanted a room with 2 beds and when we arrived at 1pm, we were told there were none available so they gave us a suite. My only regret is that we didn't spend enough time in the room to enjoy it. It was beautiful.The staff at the front desk (African American) was terrific and very helpful. Couldn't have asked for a better worker.	
Feb 5 2009 	Beware!	Don't let the reviews fool you, when the low price seems too good to be true, it is. We arrived and were very disappointed with the condition of the hotel and the neighborhood, and when we saw our room we decided we were out of there. The manager, Jeremy, said that since we booked on the internet (on their website, not some third party) they would not refund our money even though we were dissatisfied and were moving. He was obviously used to having this arguments with unhappy guests. Luckily we booked with AMEX and will dispute the charges but what a terrible start to our trip to Chicago. I even offered to let them keep the money for the first night and refund the second night, but they wouldn't do it. Can't deal with people who take your money for something and won't give it back when you tell them you are unhappy and won't be using their facility.	
Feb 3 2009 	Never again	It seemed like such a promising start: they had a room ready for me when I got there very early. Sure it was a queen, and I'd paid for a king, but I could put up with that.Sadly, it was all down hill from there...After heading out for the day I returned to the room for the evening and tried to set up a wake up call, but for some reason the phone in the room was set to 'rotary' and while I could hear it churning, it wasn't connecting with anyone. I gave up and set alarm on my watch and went to bed. But I couldn't sleep because of the stratchy things in the bed: turn out they were toe nail clippings. Yep, the bed had only been made after the last user, the sheets hadn't been cleaned. Disgusting.In the morning I went for a shower, but the setting on the shower head was stuck between two settings and wouldn't move. All I was getting was a dribble by the one cluster of massaging jets: the other two clusters were too full of gunk to send water out. DISGUSTING!I told the Front Desk this (again, phone not working... had to go down in person), and when I returned for my second (and thankfully last) night the shower was working properly and the phone working. And the sheets appeared to be clean. Unfortunately the rest of the bedding wasn't so good.I had noticed it was cold the previous night, but there was a major cold snap on in Chicago so I just put it down to that. That day, however, had been mild and so there shouldn't be a problem. That is when I really looked at the bedding (other than the toenail-ridden sheets) and discovered there was only one blanket on the bed. A summer-weight blanket. And the bed spread was also a summer weight blanket. Also, no extra blanket in the closet, as you'd expect in most hotels. I spent the first half of the night waking up every hour, getting up and turning the heat up in the room and then tucking myself back in and hoping it would get better. Finally, around 2 am I got up, maxed out the heating, folded the blankets over a few times and got fully dressed before returning to bed. I managed to sleep the rest of the night until my early wakeup call.When I tried to check out using the on-screen process it said that it could not be done. Great! Another stop when I am trying to rush out... I go to the front desk and am told that I couldn't check out that way because I had prepaid the hotel through a third party, and I had to pay for the incidentals. I said, yes, but I gave you a credit card for the incidentals at check in. It is the credit card that you just finished saying &quot;should I just leave it on your ...... card?&quot; I am treated to a lecture on how if I had gone through the hotel to book my room this wouldn't have happened. Way to punish your customers!To add insult to injury, I am coming off the elevators on the first floor and the bell man walks by, heading away from the front door. I am almost at the front door (a good 30 feet away) and I hear &quot;Hey you! Do you want a cab?&quot; yelled at me. No, I don't want a cab, what I want is something to help me forget the horrible stay I had at this disgusting hotel.P.S. It is a day later and I now have a major head cold. Wonder why...	
Jan 25 2009 	Wonderful Experience!	I stayed for 4 nights in January. Got a great last minute rate through the hotel's website. I took the &quot;L&quot; from Midway airport, got off at Madison station, and was literally steps from the hotel entrance. The location absolutely cannot be beat! Hotel staff was friendly and helpful. The room was very clean, comfortable and spacious, esp. the bathroom. The noise from the &quot;L&quot; was not bothersome to me. I would definitely stay at the Silversmith again -- very highly recommend!	
Jan 20 2009 	Great hotel and price!	My friends and I came to Chicago for a girls getaway weekend/30th birthday party. We found the Silversmith hotel on hotels.com. The price was very attractive at $80/night and the photos looked really nice. We knew we didn't need a large hotel because we wouldn't be there very much so we went with the hotel. The staff was extremely friendly upon check-in, thanking my friend three times for booking at the Silversmith. The concierge was more than helpful with our bags, hailing us cabs, welcoming us back to the hotel, wishing us a good day when we left, and giving us accurate information about the city. The room was much larger than expected and the high ceilings were a plus. The bathroom was large enough for all 3 of us to get ready in the same mirror at the same time. Most of you girls know how difficult it is to get ready at the same time in one bathroom! We found that very convenient.We are already planning our next weekend trip hopefully in April and we would book here again in a minute.There is a cafe attached to the hotel called Ada's. We ate breakfast there on Saturday morning but wouldn't recommend it due to pricing. The food was good - service was slow - but the prices were outrageous. $4.50 for ONE egg... a block to your left is Dunkin Donuts and a block to your right is McDonalds. All in all though - we were very pleased! Can't wait to come back.	
Jan 10 2009 	Loved it-what happened to Housekeeping?	We (my husband and I)stayed at this hotel over the New Year holiday. The Silversmith was picked for its location to a Blues Club several blocks south on Wabash. Vincent was particularly helpful by calling a restaurant for us and helping with walking directions. No real problems, but the housekeeper never cleaned our room. Not a huge problem as we planned to re use our towels. It would have been nice to have the trash emptied. We will return despite that small problem.	
Jan 4 2009 	Silversmith is Good as Gold!	Our family of 4 (2 adults, 11- and 13-year old girls) along with another family of 4, recently returned from a 2-night New Years stay at the Silversmith. We booked on Priceline...2 standard rooms were $86/night (each). Super value. Stay was excellent all the way around. Rooms and beds were very, very comfortable and spotless. Had two corner rooms at the back of the building, 4th floor. No hint of train noise (of course, our windows were closed at this time of year). Bathrooms are huge, towels plentiful, shower function was perfect. Lobby is spacious and gracious, but not overbearing. Very good coffee/tea in the a.m. Staff were polite, helpful and prompt. Walking distance (even in 25ish degree weather) to State St. shopping, Milennium Park and Mag Mile. Attentive door staff and bell captain. Good elevator security. Building itself has been carefully renovated...very lovely. Will stay here again without question. A really sweet oasis. Note: check out nearby Pizano's for delicious, cozy, family-friendly Italian and Chicago style pizza.	
Dec 5 2008 	Silversmith Hotel 	If you're looking for a comfortable smaller hotel (only 140 rooms/suites), in a great location, consider the Silversmith. We just returned from a long week-end at the Silversmith, and we couldn't have been more pleased (our second visit to this hotel). We had two young granddaughters with us (7 and 9 years old), and the location was such that we didn't have to walk more than a few blocks where ever we went. Silversmith is on Wabash, which is between Michigan and State, and Monroe and Madison streets. Millennium Park is only a block from the hotel. The orange line stop is almost at the door, and the red line is about a block away. Yes, there is some noise from the orange train line, and yes, you can hear it in the room, however, we didn't find it to be a problem. During our stay we walked through one of the larger hotels, and it felt like we were in &quot;Grand Central Station&quot;. The Silversmith lobby is spacious, warm, welcoming, and very quiet. Monday through Thursday they serve evening desserts from 8:30 p.m. to 9:30 p.m. They also have a complementary computer center which we used. We parked at the Millennium Parking Garage; cost is $22.00 for 24 hours. The parking entrance in on Columbus off Monroe, and about three blocks from Silversmith (we had no problems driving into the city). Just be certain you know exactly where you parked your car; the parking garage is huge with several entrances. The visitor center is located in the Cultural Center located at the corner of Randolph and Michigan (only two blocks from Silversmith). There is a CTA machine at the visitor's center (for multiple day transit passes), which can be used for the bus or trains. 3-day pass was $12.00 for unlimited rides. We used buses on Michigan as well as State streets, and the red line. We had a wonderful time showing our young granddaughters around Chicago, and look forward to a return visit. If you have any questions about the hotel or what we did with our two young granddaughter (don't miss the Children's Museum at Navy Pier, it was wonderful), please know I would be happy to respond. Chicago is very easy to get around, with so much to do, and by all means consider staying at the Silversmith!!	
Dec 2 2008 	Great Stay	I stayed at the silversmith with my parents over the summer, and over all the hotel was a good choice.***TIP***We had a discount bc my father works for the government, you have to mention it during booking and then show proper ID, at the web site there is a part where they mention this, which is easily missed, so be sure to use this to your advantageThe hotel is practically steps away from the train stopGood and Bad depending on where ur room is, i had already read reviews mentioning this so i made a point on telling the person on the front desk to get us a room away from the train!!!At the lobby...which is very nice...there is a hidden buisness center with two computers and a printer which came in handy, so i was able to use it to print out the flight tickets and other web surfing stuff...but i must say the connection isnt that fast...but the access to computers was very convinientThe room was very clean...which is always one of my biggest concerns...and the view was not great...unless u consider looking out into an aley amusing...but overall it was goodthe bathroom was huge and that was really comfortable when you have 3 people wanting to use the sink in the morningthe beds......oh the beds....thats the only negative....there were two double beds...which really r not that comfortable for two persons to sleep in, and the beds where kind of stiff as in very stiff.....but everything cant be perfect!! at least the sheets were cleanThe hotel is at a really good location....i already mentioned the train stop....and the bus stop was i think about two blocks away....there was a wallgreens 3 or 4 blocks away...there were places to have breakfast subway, dunking donuts...a nice cafe place that i cant remember the name...and it was really really close to millenium park!!Ohhhhh!!!!! and i dont remember exactly where but i know it was to the right if u have the hotel entrance in front of u and taking a left there is Jareds!!!!! the popcorn place....u must go if u hadnt been there best popcorn!!! the cheddar one and the caramenl one are superb!!!Also...when i stayed the hotel had like a midnight snack going on...get there early and take advantage...they have cheescake, cookies, cake it was really good...the coffee...not so good , but it was nicereally overall the hotel was a good choice!!!!!	
Nov 18 2008 	very pleased with The Silversmith	stayed at The Silversmith for a few days in Nov. Loved it.Was convenient to just about everywhere. I was initially concerned about the noise with construction going on but it was not a problem for us. We stayed on the 10th floor in a king size suite and was very pleased with the room. Bathroom is huge! Two minor complaints: the fitness room was pretty tiny , but for a few days, the 2 treadmills were fine....and natural light is limited due to where the hotel is located..but with such a great city to explore, enjoy the natural light outside! would definitely go back!	
Oct 20 2008 	Good location - downtown	It has a good location: downtown, close to Macy's, close to the Millennium Park. But be aware: it is a noising neighborhood. The train passes in front of the hotel and makes quite a noise during the day. At night, noise level was ok.There is no thing such as a lobby on the hotel’s entrance. It’s a little bit weird. The reception is on the second floor. The front desk lady (blonde one, forgot her name) was incredibly nice and smiley. The concierge is also very willing to please.There is no breakfast. The restaurant on the first floor has a decadent appearance with old carpets and lousy bathrooms. Food wasn’t good at all.	
Oct 20 2008 	Love this Hotel	I stayed at The Silversmith Hotel &amp; Suites the weekend of Oct 17th with my boyfriend. The hotel is so perfectly located. Just a short walk to Millennium park, Sears Tower, most of the major attractions, great shopping, and eating. The staff were extremely kind and went out of their way to be helpful. Especial kudos goes to Ms. Peggy at the concierge, and Frank at the front. They were the most wonderful, warm, helpful and amazing people to talk to. The hotel was extremely clean, quiet, roomy, and comfortable. It was the perfect weekend with the perfect place to stay. I absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to have a wonderful time in Chicago. This hotel is outstanding.	
Oct 17 2008 	Good hotel in an excellent location!	We stayed at The Silversmith for 4 nights in July 2008.We thought this was an really good place to stay. The location was excellent - a very short walk from Millenium Park.The room was very clean, had excellent air conditioning, was very spacious, and had use of a free internet connection. Although the hotel is right on the road, we couldn't hear any noise from our room.Overall, I thought this was an excellent place to stay at a reasonable price. I would stay there again, and it is an easy place to recommend.	
Oct 17 2008 	Ok to stay but difficult to get into...	Let me start with something positive: the location. Situated in &quot;The Loop&quot; it makes it a top overnight accommodation for a tourist trip in Chicago. Most of the main tourist attractions are just a stonethrow away.Unfortunately, this has its downsides as well: There is no parking, so if you travel by car, you depend on one of the public garages or the hotel's valeting service, both rather hefty in price. At the time we travelled, there were building works on the streets around the hotel, which didn't make it easier.Second downside: getting in. We had booked our one-night stay via Orbitz in advance, but somewhere along the lines the hotel had lost the relevant paperwork. So we had to prove to them that we had actually booked our place there, which was annoying to say the least + we weren't necessarily treated with the utmost respect. After re-iterating that we booked via web and getting the reference number out of the publicly available computers there, they finally found the booking.The rooms were nice and there are pretty much all facilities you would expect, including a ice cube and a soft drink vending machine. All in all: If you have all your booking references with you and are prepared to drive into a public garage to go to the hotel to check in, then a stay at the Silversmith should be pretty much ok.	
Sep 29 2008 	Loved out stay	Three friends and I went for a &quot;girlfriend&quot; long weekend getaway. We found that the Silversmith fit our needs perfectly. We had a small suite style room which allowed for space yet conversation as well. The beds were extremely comfortable, the bathroom was huge, and the room was perfectly clean. The location of the Silversmith was perfect with Millenium Park, the Art Institute and shopping within short walking distance. Everything else is either a somewhat longer walking distance or a very short cab ride away. The staff was great--all very friendly and helpful.There were many restaurants in the area that we wanted to sample but we did have breakfast at the hotel one morning and it was cooked to order and delicious. One note of caution: We easily took the Orange Line from Midway to exit right in front of the Silversmith however as of 9/27 the El station in front of the hotel has been closed for construction. We took a pleasant cab ride to Midway for our return trip.	
Sep 10 2008 	Location Location Location	Reading the previous reviews, I called the hotel after booking on Priceline to give my cell phone number in case there was a problem. I also requested a late check in and that we have a room in the back.We arrived around 2:00 a.m. and the staff was helpful, friendly and efficient. Our King room was spacious and clean. Being in the back of the hotel saved us from El noise (I'm a light sleeper), but there is no view there. But, I didn't come to Chicago to look out the window. The location is cool because it's kind of under the train tracks and between two train lines along 'Jeweler's Row'. We were also a five min. walk from the Millennium Mile and State Street. It took the same amount of time to walk to the theater.Overall it was a great stay, nice hotel, good staff. I would DEFINITELY stay here again.	
Sep 6 2008	Light Sleepers Stay Away	I had read about the noise problem due to the trains running next to the hotel and I had requested a room in the back. This did not minimize the noise problem. I couldn't sleep because I heard the trains go by every 5 minutes or so. The rooms are suites and are very nice.	
Aug 11 2008 	Enjoy your vacation...Don't stay here!	We booked thru hotels.com (Mistake #1). When the 4 of us got to the Silversmith they did not have a room with two beds for us. They had a choice of two VERY small rooms with one bed and a roll-a-way bed. They did not even offer for us to have both rooms. When we said this is not acceptable they said that they couldn't do anything about it since we booked thru hotels.com. We were only guaranteed a room, not a room with two beds. The L train is right in front of the hotel and kind of loud. The night we were there there was a shooting in that neighborhood. We only stayed there one night and will never stay there again.	
Aug 5 2008	Avoid this hotel!	Avoid this hotel at all costs! I booked a suite for my husband, nephew and me at this hotel in February. When I arrived on Friday, Aug. 1 at 11:00 am to check-in, I was told by the front desk clerk that they didn't have early check-in, which was fine -- or so I thought. I told the clerk that we wouldn't be able to get back to the hotel until after 9 pm that evening and she said that would not be a problem. However, when we returned at 9 pm,we were informed that no rooms were available, despite the fact we had arrived early, checked our bags, and valet-ed our car. Why did the front desk clerk tell me my later check-in would be fine?To their credit, they had reserved a room for me at another hotel eight blocks away, which seemed promising, but they weren't sure what kind of room it was. So they had to call the hotel and discovered the new room had only one bed. Where was our nephew going to sleep? They refused to pay for a second room to accommodate him. Throughout this interaction, the manager was decidedly non-sympathetic and non-empathetic (the desk clerk did the best she could under the circumstances). He never admitted the hotel made a mistake, he never said he was sorry for our inconvenience, he never offered us additional compensation beyond paying for the inadequate room at another hotel. In fact, he had quite an attitude. He did not seem to care in the least that he had ruined our trip, which was a Christmas gift to our nephew.The only empathetic people were the valet guys, who were very nice.We found out that at least two other parties had also had their reserved rooms given away that evening.Because of the rude management, deceptive (or, at the very least, incredibly uninformed) front desk staff, lack of professionalism, lack of customer service and general sense that they don't really care if a customer has a positive experience or not, I will never, never stay at this hotel.	
Aug 4 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	The Silversmith Hotel was in my humble opinion a fantastic place to stay. The hotel offers great accommodation in a historical building right in the heart of downtown Chicago without having to pay extortionate downtown prices. We stayed in the city at the beginning of July 2008 on the way to Las Vegas. The hotel is ideally placed to explore this wonderful city. I had read many reviews stating their was noise from the loop. This is the historic overhead railway. All I can say is I slept like a log every night and didnt hear a thing. Granted when you walk out onto Wabash Avenue the loop is directly in front of you and YES it can be noisy but tell me any city centre in the world that isnt noisy. A little tip as well...for a great meal take a right out of the entrance, walk two blocks and you come to Millers. Fantastic food with a great atmosphere. Would definately stay here again. My next trip to Chicago cant come soon enough!	
Aug 4 2008	Too noisy	We booked two rooms for one night through Travelocity for $206 per room, including taxes. When we checked in, the hotel had reserved one room for 2 nights. Luckily, I had my comfirming email with me. They honored the reservation without question or complaint. (Thank you, Shannon.) We ended up with one suite and one regular room. Both rooms had views of brick walls and HVAC units--no view. The suite had a bedroom that was a separate room. The hotel is located immediately adjacent to the el train tracks and the noise from passing trains was very intrusive, even though we had rooms in the back. At midnight trains were still going by almost constantly (one to two per minute). It reminded me of that scene in Blues Brothers where they are at Elwood's place and the el rumbles past. Jake says, &quot;how often do the trains come by?&quot; Elwood says, &quot;so often you won't notice it.&quot; I'm a good sleeper but I could not get to sleep until I got up and found some ear plugs that I had thrown in my bag for a different trip. The ceilings are 12 ft high, the WIFI is free, and the location is wonderful (just off Millenium Park, a block west from the Art Institute). The valet parking was $46 per day. The Self Park at 55 East Monroe (about 1.5 blocks away) is the nearest, I believe. I paid $63 for 28 hours at the Self Park so I wished I had used the valet service. The staff was friendly &amp; helpful. Despite the pluses, I would never go here again because of the noise problem.	
Jul 25 2008 	Location is Everything	My friend and I traveled to Chicago for 4th of July weekend for the Taste of Chicago. Let me just say that the location of the hotel was outstanding. It is literally 2 blocks from Michigan Ave and Millenium Park, approx. a 5-10 min. walk from Grant Park and 1 block from State Street shopping. There's a Garrett Popcorn shop around the corner in addition to several other restaurants, shops, etc. Also the El is right outside the hotel door. Here's a tip, for convenience fly into Midway Airport and take the short train ride (orange line) to and from the hotel for $2 each way to save money on transportation. Great for downtown Chicago access!	
Jul 15 2008 	Great Location	We enjoyed our stay. We had a king suite. The extra room, with the sitting area was nice after a long day of walking in Chicago.Location was excellent. We rode the El in from O'hare, take the blue to green and you get off a stones throw away from the entrance. If you do take the El, there are no elevators at that stop so luggage might be a problem for some. The El tracks were outside our window, but the noise was not too bad. The complimentary desserts at night were excellent. We booked our trip through priceline, no problems we stayed for eight nights.	
Jul 13 2008 	Great Location	I chose this property because of its downtown loop location. I wanted to be within walking distance to The Art Institute and the Harris Theater. I was only staying in town for a couple nights and was not trying to see it all! My room was very large, well furnished, clean and quiet. In spite of it being right under the El train; my room was very quiet - I had a view of a brick wall but it was quiet. All in all, I would stay there again. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom is really spacious!	
Jul 11 2008 	Silversmith for Chicago Blues Festival	We stayed at the Silversmith over the week-end of Chicago Blues Festival and before embarking on Route 66. We arrived at O'Hare and at the suggestion of others on TA took the public transport option, easy access at airport, journey was swift and cheap, with just one change at Clarke and Lake, the train stopped at Madison and Wabash which is just about outside the doors of Hotel, slight difficulty in bumping suitcases down the wooden stairs but not a real problem.Check in was swift and efficient, room located on seventh floor. Room was spacious, v. well decorated and spotlessly clean. Bed linen, towels and robes were of excellent quality. The 'fridge was a useful addition to the room for keeping drinks cool, store for soft drinks, beer, wine and snacks just across the street.The deli which is attached to Hotel was convenient for dinner on our first night, good selection of American cuisine at a v. reasonable price. There are a selection of restaurants in the immediate vicinity from steaks to burgers to pizzas.Despite ongoing work around Hotel and the train line just outside we weren't disturbed by any noise what so ever, you may just hear a swoosh! in the distance as the train approaches, which probably wouldn't wake the lightest sleeper. Alltogether a very good option for a Hotel in Chicago, close to Grant Park and all City centre attractions, we would definately stay there again.	
Jul 9 2008 	Never fails	This was the second time my husband and I stayed at the Silversmith, and we will continue to stay here, as long as the hotels standards are maintained to the present high level,the location is wonderful and the rooms are spotless and very comfortable, and decorated in neutral tones which is very relaxing, just what is needed after a long day shopping and sight seeing, only one slight snag on our second stay, we were given a room Instead of the suite I had booked, but this was swiftly corrected, this hotel is excellent value for money and I would not hesitate in recommending it to anyone. We would recommend the Beef and Brandy restuarant for breakfast which is only a block away on State St, plently of choices and friendly service, also Millers bar is only a few minutes walk down the street and has a olde world atmosphere, a great menu, great staff, and a great reputation so richly deserved, its also very reasonable and with large potions. If you are about to holiday in Chicago, we envy you, we cannot wait to return to this great city.	
Jul 9 2008 	Great Value Considering the Alternatives	If you want a downtown hotel in Chicago and not go completely broke this is probably the place for you. It is literally a block away from Millennium Park and just a few blocks down Michigan Ave. from the Magnificent Mile.My group made the mistake of booking through Expedia, so we were not guaranteed to receive the two double beds we needed. All they had was a room with a king bed, but they gave us a roll-away without charge.The hotel is in a rather shady part of town (right under the L-train), however, the hotel is very secure and we did feel safe there. As other reviews on this site have indicated, the L-train is right outside the front of the hotel. They informed me that one way to avoid being booked by the L is to request a room with two double beds. All of those rooms are on the opposite side of the hotel from the L. Our room was off to the side, so we could hear the L, but honestly it sounded more like a quiet rain storm. We actually didn't mind it.The staff is a bit stone faced, but once you engage them they open up and are very nice. Maybe that's just a Chicago thing!Very nice hotel. If you are looking for a hotel downtown that is lower on the continuum for downtown hotels, than this is a great place.	
Jun 30 2008 	Good but not great.	We booked our trip through Expedia, and, because it was important to us to have 2 beds, confirmed with Expedia, and with the hotel, that we had booked a room with 2 beds. When we arrived, however, all they had was rooms with one bed. After some discussion, the front desk person booked us into a suite, with a king and a pullout couch, which was nice. Admittedly, I pulled the &quot;I am 6 months pregnant card&quot; to get them to do it, but hey, at least it worked.Our room was on the 6th floor, about 3 floors above the train. It was much noisier than I expected, given the other reviews I have seen. I imagine if you lived there, you would get used to it, but since we don't, it was distracting and noisy.The hotel is located 1 block from Millenium Park and one block from the huge Macy's in the old Marshall Field's building. All in all, a great area, although not super close to the Magnificent Mile.	
Jun 11 2008 	An Excellent Place	We stayed here for four days in June 08. This was probably one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in. We were a little concerned about some of the previous reviews concerning the train noise, but did not experience it. The entrance to the hotel is only a single door and small canopy on the west side of Wabash, so it is easy to miss. The lobby is up the elevators on the 2nd floor. Rooms start on the 3rd floor. The hotel is horseshoe shaped, open to the south, and our room was on the inside. There are about 15 rooms per floor. On our floor (6th), rooms 601-605 faced east to Wabash, and the 'L' train is right outside, so I would avoid those, especially on the lower floors. The only train &amp; street noises we heard, and only when the A/C was off, was a short, muffled, 10 second sound every few minutes, kind of like what you hear sitting in the airport terminal when a plane takes off in the distance. The room was fantasic. Very tastefully decorated in classic Frank Lloyd Wright art deco style. The details of the room were absolutely perfect, like is was completed yesterday. Houskeeping was extraordinary. The bed was very comfortable, but the pillows were thin. All of the staff was very nice and professional. An overall excellent experience! You have to eat breakfast at the Pittsfield Cafe, in the lobby of the Pittsfield Bldg, one block north of the opposite side of Wabash. Closed on Sundays. How about two eggs, bacon, &amp; two big pancakes for $5.55? We will stay here again on our next trip. The train to/from O'Hare stops 2 blocks west (Madison) and costs $1.75 from the airport. Hope you have as great of a stay as we did.	
May 31 2008 	Great Hotel	My wife and I went to Chicago for our 15th anniversary. A friend at work suggested we stay at the Silversmith as they had a $99 deal on Travel Zoo. It was a great experience.The Bellman and Front Desk are very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and the bed was very comfortable. Even though the hotel is right next to the L train, we could not hear it in our room.The location could not be better. We went to go see Wicked - the play, and could easily walk to and from the theater. It is easy to get anywhere down town with the Visitor Pass for the publick transportation.We would definitely stay there again and highly reccomend this hotel.	
May 27 2008 	Worst experience!!!	My usual stay in a hotel rarely requires any contact with the front desk other then checking in. This time we were asked to wait for the room we booked or check in right away into a downgraded room. We decided to wait for our room. When we returned, they had a different front desk person on duty and a different story, take it or leave it. We basically waited for a room that didn’t materialize wasting our precious time while on a short vacation. No apology. Non existent customer service.	
May 23 2008 	Great!	I stayed at this hotel for work on May 20 and 21, 2008. We were brought in by a bell hop that took our luggage for us. We had excellent service at the front desk. The room was very nice and clean. The bed and pillows were very comfy! The hotel is located right by the train tracks, but I couldn't hear the train from my room and it didn't bother me at all. My coworker could hear it in her room though, so I guess it just depends on where you are in the building.They offered free internet on two computers in the lobby, which I greatly appreciated! Most hotels that I stay in charge for the internet. They also had a dessert hour both nights of my stay and offered cheesecake and freshly baked cookies. The hotel is located near a lot of great shopping and the theatre district. We were able to get a cab right away whenever we needed one. I really don't have any complaints about this hotel. I would recommend it and I would stay there again.	
May 12 2008	FYI: Major Construction	While I agree with the positive comments posted here, beware that this hotel is located on Wabash with the &quot;L&quot; loop train tracks right outside. Currently, there is round-the-clock construction going on (rail replacement, etc). Heavy construction noise all night (trucks, jackhammers, chainsaws, etc). I don't know if this was just over the weekend (we were there May 9 - 11) or if it will continue during the week. Might be better if you have a room on the backside of the hotel.	
May 5 2008	Don't stay here!!	I made a reservation via Orbitz for an out-of -town guest, which requires the full payment of the reservation. However, I received a call from Orbitz at 3:30 p.m. today saying that the hotel couldn't receive my guest and that a full refund was my only option. So my guest was left homeless and I didn't get an explanation or apology from the hotel for the inconvenience. Please don't stay here unless you want to be without a room when you arrive. The hotel won't care if you paid in advance or not.	
May 1 2008 	Absolutely Wonderful!	This hotel was just lovely. From the moment we arrived, the service was wonderful. Everybody was so pleasant, helpful, and quick to offer suggestions. I read some reviews that the hotel was outdated. After staying there 5 days, I'm trying to figure out where that was. The hotel is furnished in beautiful old oak. Perhaps they don't like that look? The room was immaculate. The bathroom has gorgeous marble floors and countertops and is quite large, which was a nice surprise. As others have mentioned, the beds were fabulous. The pillows were fluffy, and the bedding was soft and warm. The comforter was more like a down comforter as opposed to those dreadful &quot;cotton flower bedspreads&quot; you get at a lot of places. Our room faced Wabash and the El is right there. We were never bothered by it and we were on the 10th floor, so we were pretty much even with the tracks. The location is fine depending on what you're there for. You're in the heart of the loop, where the financial and theatre districts are located. You're also only about 4-5 blocks west of Millenium Park. If you want to go uptown, it's a good little walk, or a $8 cab ride. Your best best, however, is to walk one block on State Street and take the redline to Michigan Avenue's shopping. This is my 4th stay to Chicago because of business and I've stayed at 4 different hotels in 4 different areas. This was by far the best.	
Apr 27 2008 	Wonderful experience!	The Silversmith is beautiful! My family and I had a wonderful stay there. It is beautifully decorated and clean. The rooms are nicely sized. The beds are covered in pillows and real bedding- not the typical hotel bedding. You get real comforters and cotton blankets. The staff was always helpful and courteous. It was worth the money and not your typical hotel stay. I would stay there again in a heart beat.	
Apr 26 2008 	I wish I could go back everyday...	Hotel was very clean. The staff was so nice. I think that this hotel was phenomonal. I had a great stay. They were very nice to children. The lobby was very nice and relaxing. It was a great weekend stay. Ask for Patty or Shannon because they were so kind. Bob was a great bellman. The Doorman was also very nice. I think the Silversmith Hotel is a great choice when visiting Chicago.	
Apr 20 2008 	Gorgeous clean friendly and convienient	I loved the Silversmith! The location was convienient. It is just a few doors down from the Palmer House. The whole hotel is decorated beautifully. The celings are at least 9 ft tall. There are floor to celing velvet drapes in the guest rooms. I loved all the light fixtures in the hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The bed was VERY comfortable and had lots of pillows. The bathroom was very spacious and clean. The entire hotel was immaculately clean. Even the ice machine, vending room was spotless. There was a desk area in the room and the hotel offers free wireless internet access. The street outside is under construction and the EL train is located right outside the front of the hotel. Neither of those bothered me during my stay. We had a total of 3 people staying in the room. The sleeping part of the room was not really large, but adequate. The comfortable feeling made up for the less than large space.	
Apr 15 2008	No resolutions to problems by hotel staff	We called well in advance to request a room overlooking Wabash on the 7th or higher floor and also requested an early check in. When we got there we were told no early check in and they gave us a room overlooking the top of the building next store which was overgoing some kind of noisy construction. When we call the desk and asked to be moved we were told that they had no other rooms available as there was a convention going on and all the rooms had been reserved. We were attending this convention and had reserved a room?????Teleprompter in room said free bottled was available in the room, when I called because no water was in the room they told me the service was no longer available.The room was clean, the bathroom large. The hotel itself was somewhat dated but not upleasant.The location was fantastic, just around the corner from the theater district, which is probably the only thing that would make me go back. There is a deli and small bar on the lower lever.The bar is small and with very uncomfortable seating and windows looking out onto the street. Certainly not the type of lounge bar to relax in after a long day. The deli was nice.There was a nice gas fireplace in the check in level, however the room was so dark it was hard to sit and read the newspaper.Just o.k. with a good location.	
Apr 14 2008 	Great Hotel Great Service!	We used some &quot;Thank You&quot; points to stay at this hotel for a little getaway in the city. We live in the suburbs, so we were familiar with the area. What a great hotel! It's tucked away, so you may walk or drive right by and not even notice it. But that would be a mistake. The room was beautiful, clean and very large. The bathroom had a beautiful jet-tub and separate shower. The front desk staff was fabulous and had great recommendations. Don't be afraid of the L-tracks, we didn't hear them at all. This hotel is actually only a block away from the Palmer House Hilton, so it's close to shopping and the theater district. Overall, it was great!	
Mar 30 2008 	nice hotel in the Loop	We booked the Silversmith for a short two day trip to Chicago, based on decent reviews and a great price (less then $100/night in the Loop). When we checked in we were upgraded to a suite, though on the street/train side of the building. We did not mind the train much but if you are a light sleeper, you would want to request the other side of the hotel. It basically sounds like a rumble of thunder that comes every 90 seconds or so. The room itself was very nice and spacious as it was a suite. Everything was in good condition. We found the location to be pretty convenient for transportation and close to many of the attractions. The hotel also has a dessert reception on weeknights consisting of coffee and cheesecake, etc. If I were going back to Chicago, I would consider the Silversmith again, but I would ultimately end up with whoever had the best rates at the time.	
Mar 30 2008 	This place is GREAT!	Wow! What a hidden gem right in the Loop! If you blink you'll miss it, but what a find inside! There is no concern about being right on top of the El tracks, I couldn't hear a thing! The rooms were clean, the bathroom was huge! The location is fabulous, walking distance to many things right in the loop, theaters, shopping , art institute, millenium park etc. Convenient, undergound parking in Millenium park (1block away). I'd highly recommend this place.	
Mar 27 2008 	Nice hotel but billing NIGHTMARES!	Stayed at Silversmith over Easter weekend, March 2007. Booked a Travelzoo special via their website. Upon checking in, was first told they could not locate my reservation, then they insisted on payment despite my reservation receipt showing I had paid in full at time of reservation. I was told their were only taking card for incidentals but after returning home noticed I had been billed again for entire stay. Front desk refused to provide at checkout stating the &quot;third party site&quot; I booked through would have to provide receipt. Calls to resolve duplicate billing were ignored and eventually filed dispute through cc to resolve. Having said all that, I really liked the hotel. Concierge Peggy was great, rooms were very clean and nicely furnished. El station was directly in front of hotel. King suites are good sized and deli on site had decent food. I tried to give the hotel another try and booked for Easter 2008 but then cancelled over a month in advance due to change in plans. Hotel again billed my credit card as a no show, despite my cancelling through their website and having a cancellation number. So nice hotel, but DON'T STAY HERE unless you want to be billed and billed and billed. Read other reviews, it's not just me!	
Mar 25 2008 	Wonderful hotel!	We stayed at the Silversmith for a girl's weekend in February. Everything about our stay was pleasant. The room was exactly what we reserved, it was very clean, especially the bathroom, and very spacious, as we had a suite. Check in and check out was a breeze, with friendly and professional front desk attendants, and no problems with the billing. We liked the added security of needing a hotel key card to access any floor above the lobby. I visit Chicago three or four times a year, and usually stay at the Palmer House Hilton (basically next door) but for the value and positive experience beginning to end, this is now my preferred hotel.	
Mar 16 2008 	This place is a jewel....shhh don't tell anyone!	The Silversmith Hotel in Chicago was pure delight. This hotel was found by reading online reviews of about 40 hotels in the downtown Chicago district. I had stayed at two of the major hotels, meaning large chains, on prior trips and was looking for something a bit different. The reviews that people write are difficult to understand at times, especially the ones that had written about not finding the front entrance to the hotel. It couldn't be more obvious! Flags flying overhead with the name Silversmith printed on them, and the brass in-lay on the threshold as you open the front door reads SILVERSMITH! This hotel offered so much style, character, and class throughout. I stayed for 2nights, during the week. The room, with 2 double beds, was gorgeous, and roomy....very roomy! Ceilings were 12 feet tall, and there was plenty of closet space, a frig to use with bottled water in it, big screen TV, and a gorgeous bathroom with marble everywhere and white robes! I will stay here again. It was right around the corner from the theatre showing Jersey Boys. The L was NOT, in any way, a huge noise issue. Slept great as the beds and linen were first rate. Staff and help all very helpful! Am looking forward to another stay in December!	
Mar 3 2008 	What a nice suprise!	We just stayed at the Silversmith this past weekend... What a great place! We decided to stay here at the last minute, so we preparing to make the best of our rushed unplanned situation. Imagine our surprise to find that the Silversmith is actually a very pleasant place! The room was more than comfortable and very well kept, and the staff was very helpful and polite. I'm glad we decided to give it a try. FYI: It's easy to drive by the entrance; It's very close to the corner of South Wabash and Madison.	
Feb 27 2008 	Great room great location great service	The Silversmith was a wonderful find through Tripadvisor for a girls weekend in Chicago! We all went to college in Chicago and know the area well so a hotel in the loop was very convenient. After reading reviews of other hotels we decided to spend a little bit more for a hotel that goes just beyond the basics, to make sure we weren't in mold, mildew and bad service. What we got was much more! Upon checking in, the room we requested, two double beds, was not availble in non-smoking so we had the option to have a suite with a pull-out bed. We took it and were very pleased. The room was spacious with two small closets, two TVs and a very spacious bathroom with plenty of lighting and a large, beautiful granite counter top and imported toiletries. A wired internet was available at the desk and offered a quick connection, although wireless was not available in the room.The El stop is just outside the hotel and we walked to Michigan Avenue, Millennium Park, Auditorium Theatre, Macys and more. We only took a taxi to save time when traveling far.I asked for assistance on two occasions and the hotel did not fail. Upon my late arrival on a Friday night after 11 PM I asked for a late-night restaurant recommendation and the front desk suggested a few in the area. When I mentioned that I was pregnant and looking for a milkshake he offered to walk to the store and bring it back for me! When I checked out and asked the doorman for the closest El stop to the O'Hare blue line, with an elevator, he thought for a while and could not think of a stop with an elevator. The valet parking guy was next to him and said there was only one flight of stairs at the stop 3 blocks away and he volunteered to walk me there and even took my bags down the street and down the stairs. This was a very kind gesture, and I don't think he even noticed that I was pregnant.	
Feb 5 2008	Good experience until we got the bill	We had a wonderful experience with the hotel and staff until we received our credit card bill. Our bill at check-out time was correct but when we received our credit card bill they charged us twice for one night during our stay. After about 2 weeks of calling the hotel and conveniently the person that we needed to talk to was never there and never returned any of our messages, we finally turned it over to our credit card company to take care of, thankfully it was on our American Express. It is now February and we stayed at the Silversmith in November and the credit card company has still not been able to reach anyone at the hotel who can resolve the charge.I wouldn't recommend staying here unless you are willing to pay double price, in the already overpriced hotel.	
Feb 3 2008	Great Weekend Experience	My son and I spent a Saturday night at this hotel. We were in Chicago checking out SAIC and this proved to be an ideal locaton to walk to the Art Institute of Chicago as well as Millenium Park. Extremely easy to take the train from OHare to a stop no more than three or four blocks from the hotel.Hotel was clean, attractive, and the staff where competent. The staff at the front entrance gave us lots of good advice on food and getting around. Great experience overall. I plan to go back sometime to visit Chicago with the rest of my family and will stay at this hotel.	
Jan 26 2008 	Solid service good rooms	I'd stayed here about a year ago, but I just had my first stay since the Silversmith became independent. All was fine; the room (916) was clean and had a great bed, the front desk folks and bellhops were courteous and attentive, and the internet worked fine (though not wireless). I also paid for several rooms for my colleagues and the front desk made the process easy.The location is fine although it's right under the El tracks; request a room away from the train if you're concerned about the noise (I was on the opposite side of the hotel and didn't hear anything).	
Jan 21 2008	Great Location for Weekend Shopping Trip	While not located in as glamourous an area as the N. Michigan Ave hotels, the Silversmith was a very positive experience. All shopping was within walking distance - the State St. shopping area was right at our doorstep. Excellent location also for theater, cultural and Soldier Field. Staff was very friendly and helpful. On site deli was convenient and hotel bar was lots of fun; it was nice not to have to venture outside on frigid January nights to have a nice evening out. The train noise which I had read about in other reviews was present, but more of a distant background noise which did not keep us awake at night. We took the advice of locals we met at the bar not to venture more than a few blocks south of the hotel.	
Jan 2 2008 	Great find	Great hotel and location. This hotel is on Wabash, a couple of blocks from Michigan Avenue. If you don't mind walking (which if you are visiting Chicago, it is assumed you will be doing a lot of walking), the location is great. It is attached to a deli which has a wonderful menu. Even if we don't stay at this hotel next time we visit, we would definitely eat at &quot;Ada’s Famous Deli and Restaurant .&quot; Check in was a breeze. Our room was very clean and roomy, however we were located directly over the El tracks and it was very noisy. We went back to the front desk and asked to be moved and they were very nice and moved us to another room away from the El. We had a suite and it turns out they upgraded us to a larger suite. Each staff member we encountered was very polite and courteous. We would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Dec 18 2007 	Lovely boutique hotel	We stayed at the Silversmith in October. Yes, there was construction out front but the location can't be beat and we got a fabulous rate. I believe they said construction was supposed to be completed by Nov. 15 but call to make sure.It holds an old world sort of charm. The rooms were nice size with tall celings and the bathroom is HUGE! There were plenty of pillows and towels which can sometimes a problem at other hotels. The staff was sweet and attentive and don't forget Dessert Night w/cheesecake and sweets. YUMMY!If the price is right, I will definitely stay there again.	
Dec 12 2007 	Great Small Hotel	I booked the Silversmith on a special rate and was pleasantly surprised that they upgraded us to a suite. The room was very nice and quiet. We were on the 10th floor and could hear the EL train as only a low rumble. I can see where someone on a lower floor might be bothered by the noise. The bell captain and the front desk attendants were very nice and very helpful with questions. The location is close to Macy's and within walking distance of the Art Institute and other places. We would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 28 2007 	Mold and Mildew Problem!	I really wanted to like this property and, I wanted to wait for a response from the hotel before I wrote my review but, 3 weeks later and no response.The Silversmith is a beautiful property in a very convenient location with a gret bar and deli on the property. The room and bath were large and nicely updated but we just couldn't get past the horrible smell in the room. This was not the 'room closed too long and a little musty' smell. This was a 'knock you to the floor when you open the door' smell! Overpowering mold and mildew stink! We told the front desk as soon as we checked in but they had no other rooms available. We asked that it be cleaned or sprayed and they said yes but, when we returned from dinner it appeared to be exactly as we left it. We went across the street to CVS and purchased 2 cans of Lysol spray and attacked the bath, carpet, drapes, bedding, etc. then left for the evening. We returned to a slightly better smelling room but, really, got very little sleep all night.Mold can raise very serious health problems for many people with any kind of respritory issues and should be taked very seriously! I understand that issues occur when you are running a business but what really bothered me is the way we were just waved off with no compensation or appologies. The staff was polite but ineffective in offering any type of resolution to this problem - even after I completed the 2 surveys they sent me - no response from the hotel what so ever!When booking a 4 star hotel such as the Silversmith, you should be guarenteed a clean and comfortable room. The Silversmith did not meet my expectations for the basics and my valid complaint was not handled well at all.	
Nov 27 2007 	Great hotel!	This place is great. The rooms are huge and well-appointed and very well-maintained. Great service, friendly staff. I would definitely go back and recommend to all my friends. Loved it!	
Nov 15 2007 	great hotel poor view	We stayed one night at the Silversmith and asked for a quiet room after reading the TripAdvisor reviews. The room was exceptionally quiet but the view out the window was a brick wall. The room was cleanand the bedding very nice. The bellhop, front desk, and conciere were very friendly. We booked through Hotwire and paid $89 which for downtown Chicago is a great deal. One hint is to watch for the entrance on the right hand side of the one way street. It is not an easy hotel to find.	
Nov 6 2007	Don't stay here if you have any choice.	I would not stay at this hotel again under any circumstances.I was given a card key to my room. However when I got there, it was clearly occupied. Fortunately the person was not in the room at the time, however it was quite unsettling and the hotel had no understanding of why this might bother me. I asked what steps would be taken to insure that nobody would then go into my room. None were given.I was supposed to be in a suite. It was a room. The street is sketchy, and while there are hotel security personnel on the first floor at times, there is no 24 hour coverage. We came back late from a business meeting to find nobody there. Anybody could have followed us into the elevator at the second floor.When my colleague phoned downstairs to arrange a wake up call, nobody answered. This despite the fact that I had called for one seconds before she did. The street construction makes it difficult to get dropped off with bags and the El is noisy to say the least. Do not stay in this hotel if you have any possible options.	
Nov 6 2007	Not Recommended	There is still construction going on in front of the hotel, making it difficult to find the valet. L-Train runs right outside the hotel - not sure how it could be listed as 4-star hotel with the noise? Aftercheckin we went to our non-smoking room to find someone had just been smoking in the room. We went downstairs to the receptionist torequest another room and were told there were no other rooms available. She insisted that we got what we reserved &quot;a non-smoking room.&quot; And would not conceed that it was the hotel's problem that someone had just smoked in the room. She offered to spray the room down - but we wouldn't be able to enter the room for an hour. At this point it was 11pm and we were tired from traveling. When we told her we wanted to cancel the room she said we would not get a refund, even though it was the hotel's problem they are not enforcing the no smoking policy. We eventually got a refund through hotels.com, but theSilversmith could use a lesson in hotel management and customer service.	
Oct 17 2007 	The Silversmith Is An Excellent Choice	We just returned from a long weekend getaway to The Silversmith. After researching the many hotel options in Chicago we settled on the Silversmith for location, value and overall features. When we arrived there was some confusion regarding the room type we were assigned (a standard double) versus the room type we had booked (a suite). Unfortunately there were no suites available for our first night. The manager on duty, Jeremy, was very apologetic and blocked a suite for our remaining 3 nights. He also offered us breakfast at the hotel restaurant for our inconvenience. Since we are a family of four, with college/high school children, this was a reasonable compensation. After breakfast the next morning (which was very good) we moved to our suite which was excellent (featuring a very large bathroom which apparently is not the norm for downtown Chicago). The staff was very friendly and accomodating. The general manager, Jason was very responsive to our needs and also apologetic for our first night inconvenience. Peggy, the concierge, was very knowledgeable, helpful and friendly (calling us all by name after our first meeting). The room was clean and housekeeping was respectful of our schedule. The beds were extremely comfortable and the toiletries were first class. The location is outstanding, within walking distance to shopping, parks and a convenient cab or train ride to many other attractions. The lobby is comfortable and relaxing. I enjoyed the complimentary coffee and paper each morning. The dessert reception the evening we arrived was a nice touch (the cheesecake was delicious). The only negative is really beyond the hotel's control - construction. The sidewalk is torn up in front of the hotel making it a bit difficult to find and unattractive from the exterior. However, I understand that when it is completed it will resemble the look of Michigan and State Streets which are on wither side of Wabash. Even with the construction I would stay at the Silversmith again. It was a minor inconvenience. If you are looking for a good value in a great location with a comfortable, unpretentious setting and the personal attention characteristic of a boutique style hotel this is an excellent choice.	
Oct 15 2007 	Terrific Hotel	After seeing the other reviews for October here, I can't believe that we were in the same hotel. The Silversmith Hotel where I stayed on October 11 &amp;12, was clean, stylish, well maintained and the staff was wonderful. The only down point was the shower flow restrictor was too restrictive. The attached restaurant/bar was also delightful with great people watching and generous drinks. Tom the Bartender is great and always on top of whats going on.People should understand that this hotel is not a brand new Westin or Omni. This is a charming Grand Hotel in the style of warmth and charm, not brass and glass.The beds were comfortable and the room was a good size with great high ceilings. I was on the backside of the hotel and didn't hear any train noise at all. The location is perfect for sight seeing and transportation to any area of Chicago.All in all, it is a Grand Old Hotel and well worth a visit	
Oct 2 2007 	Great Stay - Super Location	We just got back from our stay. I had read some reviews and was a little concerned about problems with the reservation based on some of the prior reviews. When we checked in, they thought we were only staying 1 day while we were staying two but they corrected it quickly and with no problems. The room was fabulous. Yes, we could hear a faint rumble of the train but certainly not enough to detract from the room.The location was perfect being so close to both Millenium Park and various train stations. The player piano in the lobby was nice. It would have been nice to be able to get a drink in the hotel somehwere. The restaurant was OK although my husband loved it as he was able to get a sandwich for breakfast.We would not hesitate to book a stay there in the future.	
Sep 2 2007 	Chicago and the Silversmith Hotel made a perfect mini-vacation.	I found and booked a three night stay at the Silversmith Hotel for the last weekend of July through Travelzoo.com. We loved the location downtown and the conveinence to Millenium Park and the transportation options. When we first saw the hotel we thought it might be a little noisy because it is located next to the elevated train downtown loop. Our King Suite on the eighth floor facing the elevated station was very quite and exceeded our expectations in every way. The room was large, clean and modern with a large bathroom, very nice furniture and a great bed that made us feel pampered. The staff was friendly and helpful and made our stay very enjoyable. The hotel lobby was functionable and nice but not a place where you would want to hang out very long, and the fitness center was small but adaquate. I did bring my laptop and was never able to get a wireless connection. It might of helped if I had asked the front desk for assistance. Overall we had a excellent experience at the Silversmith and would recommend it to everyone.	
Aug 30 2007 	Great Value	We had a great experience at The Silversmith. Reading the reviews we asked for a quiet room away from the El and I guessed received it as we barely heard it. The construction was a little awkward getting in but that's certainly not the hotel's fault and it's really not that bad. Everyone was very nice and helpful. The room was great. Very clean room, comfortable bed, large bathroom and high ceilings. A really nice room and great value for the price. Centrally located and close to most that Chicago has to offer. Called for some additional coffee and it was brought very promptly. Upon checkout we asked the bellman if he could hold our bags for a few hours. He jokingly said we had 30 days and after that the hotel would have to claim them. Just a nice friendly touch. Based on our experience I would highly recommend The Silversmith. It's our new home when in Chicago. And with our daughter and son-in-law there that will be pretty often.	
Aug 29 2007 	Hidden gem!	I received a notice that the hotel was offering a special rate on rooms for August and I booked online with no problem. This hotel is great. It is in a good loop location with access to the buses and trains and the room was wonderful. Plenty of light, big bathroom, great amenities and comfortable beds. The staff is responsive and very pleasant and even though the hotel is right by the &quot;L&quot; train, you cannot hear a thing in the hotel room. I would highly recommend you consider this hotel when looking for a place to stay in Chicago.	
Aug 23 2007 	Very disappointed in their customer service	My family and I stayed at the Silversmith on August 18th booking our room several weeks in advance through the hotel website. I had stayed on past occasions and found it to be a nice experience. When we arrived, we found the hotel entrance blocked by construction requiring us to be on the opposite side of the street to access valet parking..a trip around several blocks in traffic but it was accomplished. The valet had the bell person come from the hotel while we waited in the rain. Not a big deal. We were given our hotel room and when we arrived it seemed warm. I attempted to call the front desk but there was no answer. We thought perhaps it just needed more time but when we returned from a wedding later in the evening it was very hot. It took two tries to get the front desk but they sent up a bellman who looked at it and said it must be broken. He said there was no one around to fix it. When I asked to be put in another room, I was told rudely that they were full and there was nothing they could or would do. My mother, who has respiratory problems had to sit up all night, struggling to breathe. When I checked out the next day, I asked to speak to the manager. There wasn't one on duty. I was given a card to call later. The manager said that they would make a small adjustment in the bill..not adequate to cover the discomfort that the broken air conditioning caused...overall, the attitude was that if they are full, then they really don't care if their customers have had a satisfactory experience. I asked to be forwarded to another manager. I was forwarded to a voicemail and have still not received a response. I have used this hotel for business in the past but based on their behavior..won't be again.. To their credit, the bell staff were helpful, prompt and courteous.	
Aug 15 2007 	A Good Deal for the Money	They are currently doing construction outside the hotel and to be honest, the entrance a bit obscure. When looking for it, I turned the corner from Madison to Wabash and drove right by the valet, which is RIGHT around the corner. Had to go around again. Couldn't even see the hotel because of the construction fences but the valet pointed us to the hotel, thankfully.Doormen were very friendly, though they didn't seem very informed. We asked them where we could buy a day pass for the El and the first doorman told us a place to try. Then he said, &quot;Well, they might not be open,&quot; and then he asked the other doorman. That man gave conflicting information entirely, and finally they decided to call the front desk. No one answered so we went up to find out ourselves. Again, we got different information than either of the doormen gave. In the end we opted to pay the $2.00 fare for a one way ticket.Positives: Rooms were clean. We opted for a suite, which was only a few dollars more than a standard room. We were happy with the choice and happy to have a little extra room. Big bathrooms. Warm blankets. Peggy at the front desk is very helpful and accomodating. Previous reviews say that the El is noisy but we had a room on the inside and it was generally quiet. The whoosh of the El was still heard but it wasn't clanging like other people claimed. I'd ask for a room on the inside and you'll be fine. Location is great! El is right outside. There is a bakery one block down, a pizza place one block up, and Millenium Park is practically across the street. Walk about 5 blocks and you get into Michigan Avenue shopping. How can you complain about that for the price?A few of the negatives: a phone in the room didn't work, a light in the room didn't work. When I called Housekeeping using the &quot;Housekeeping&quot; button on the phone, they said they would bring me two more towels as I requested. 25 minutes later, no towels. I called Housekeeping. No answer. I called the front desk and repeated my request. Towels were brought to me immeadiately. If you're in Chicago for Business or to see a show, this hotel is right in the heart of it. If you want to shop, you might try to get a little closer. If you don't mind walking a little, you can't beat the price.	
Aug 15 2007 	Wonderful location and staff	My brother works in Chicago and recommended this hotel. It was our first visit to Chicago and we felt immediately welcomed by the staff there. It's in the loop, with great restaurants all around and very convenient to all public transporation. You don't need to struggle with transit maps, just ask the doorman for help getting to any part of the city. Two blocks away you can have coffee at Centennial Park, two blocks more and you are on the &quot;Magnificent Mile&quot; (though I don't know what's so great about it-- while the architecture is beautiful it's nothing more than an outdoor mall).The bed was perfect, the bathroom large and clean, the evening dessert buffet (free Mon. thru Thurs.) delicious and the concierge extremely helpful.Only problem would be if you had a room in the front of the hotel, as those rooms look out over the elevated train which is very noisy.	
Aug 13 2007 	I'd stay here again in a heartbeat!!!!	I was so thrilled with my stay there last weekend I had to make sure I put in a good word for this hotel! We went there expecting less than perfection but I can't make one complaint about it unless you count that the entry into the hotel is a little hard to find with the construction fence at the curb. I had to call the front desk to find the valet parking across the street but once I did, it was a piece of cake. Everyone there is friendly, courteous and helpful. All I can say to those who had negative things to say about the staff is maybe you get what you give. We paid an extremely low price based on a Travel Ticker special ($89!) and I expected to get not the best room. Instead of a king room we had a suite (similar to Embassy with a much bigger bathroom) on the 5th floor. It was overlooking the construction and the el but the soft whoosh of the el was not in anyway disturbing. Everything in the room was clean and fresh and the fridge with bottled water was a nice touch. I thought the Mission style was perfect and very relaxing. Even though there was a family with small children on our floor we never heard any noise from other rooms. The hotel location is superb ...tons of shopping, theaters and restaurants just a short walk away. I had to drive several times and never had a bit of trouble getting my car out when I needed it. I really love this place and I have stayed at several nice Michigan Avenue hotels in the last few years. If I can get anywhere close to the price I paid (instead of the $229 quoted on most sites that list this hotel) I will pack my bags again! I LOVED it!	
Aug 8 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location Good Value	This is my second stay at the Silversmith Hotel. I love this hotel. It is located one block from Millenium Park, Michigan Avenue, Lots of Shopping. Super comfortable rooms and beds. The Cheesecake Dessert at night in the lobby is fantastic, and FREE! The staff is very friendly. NOTE: There is a lot of construction going on directly in front of the hotel, but once inside you hardly knew anything was going on. I paid just over 200.00 for my room, ( AAA discount available ) and compared to the other chain hotels in the area like Hilton, Sheraton, etc, they were all over 300.00 and more. Be sure to request a room away from the Train for a good nights rest. I will definitely stay here again.	
Aug 7 2007 	Fantastic	Beautiful, elegant, well appointed room. Huge. Wonderfully large bathroom. We have only good things to say about the Silversmith. Will definitely stay there again.	
Aug 7 2007 	Excellent value excellent location	I was attending a conference at the Palmer House Hilton this May. The conference rate for the Palmer was more than my employer was willing to pay ($250). So my travel agent found the Silversmith, just around the corner, for a much lower price (about $130).I was prepared for a more 'budget' experience, perhaps even a somewhat seedy one given the price differential, but I was pleasantly surprised. The Silversmith is a very a nicely appointed hotel, and a considerable bargain in that neighborhood. My room was lovely - large enough to get some work done in, a nice comfortable bed, a huge bathroom. It was both larger and considerably nicer than a similarly priced Comfort Inn I'd stayed in on a previous business trip to Chicago. Unlike other reviewers who have complained of noise, I didn't experience any disturbances.The location is great - right in the Loop, and right under the El - excellent access to public transit. I also had no difficulty catching a cab. Overall a great experience for the price, and if I was returning to Chicago again for work, I would definitely return.	
Jul 31 2007 	Once Past The “Wow” Factor…	The property sucks you in &amp; then, when given a little time, the flaws start to show.I was at the Silversmith from 27-29 July 2007 for a wedding in the city (though no festivities took place in the hotel).The Silversmith is no doubt a beautiful hotel, especially in the common areas. The woodwork in the lobby is very nice. My room (# 314) was spacious but had a rather unfortunate view of a back alley (instead of the noisy El), which meant that trash bins were being clanged around at all hours of the night. Once you have a little time you realize that it’s not as spectacular as you thought when you first entered. You notice that the blankets are a little frayed around the edges, that a button or two won’t work on the TV remote, that some of the finish work in the bathroom needs touching up, that the concierge gives you wrong directions to a restaurant, that the heavy drapes don’t quite block out all the light from the spotlights in the alley…One thing you would expect in such a hotel would be a nicer restaurant than what is on site. “Ada’s” is just what it advertises – a deli, &amp; one with decent food. However, there is no quiet place to sit with a drink of have a quiet conversation or a knock-your-socks-off meal. I guess the Silversmith gave up on trying to compete with Michigan Ave for the food scene – what a shame, as they could charge more, get better reviews, &amp; actually compete with other hotels in the area like the Palmer House &amp; the University Club.I would strongly recommend the bar in the hotel called the 14 Karat Lounge. Though loud &amp; packed with people, it’s a welcome respite from a hard day in the city. Tom is a phenomenal bartender who can mix a heck of a drink, give better directions &amp; suggestions than the concierge, &amp; gives you all the courtesies of a regular after you place your first order.I, like others, had some issues with reservations. After they failed to email the reservations 3 times I insisted they fax the reservations to me. It was received shortly thereafter &amp; there were no problems at check-in.I would stay at the Silversmith again, but the price would be a consideration, as there are other hotels in the area that may not be as nice but offer similar amenities at a reduction in cost. The location of the Silversmith is ideal, with Michigan Ave one block away &amp; a public parking garage a half block away on E Monroe saves you from the $37+tip valet fee you would be charged.	
Jul 17 2007 	Happily Surprised	Booked this hotel through Priceline, so I didn't choose the hotel when I booked, it got assigned to me, which always makes me a bit worried! And then I had read mixed reviews here, so I wasn't sure what to expect. But I must say I was very happy...my room (404) was huge...I guess it was a suite, though that isn't what I had booked. They had ran out of baby cots, so they sent someone out to another hotel to get us one! The noise from the EL was there as others had noted, but didn't bother me as I had brought earplugs...other then that, it was absolutely quiet, clean and in a great location. Great breakfast at the Corner Bakery next door, plus the EL stops right in front of the hotel.	
Jul 15 2007 	A Hidden Gem	In Chicago for the LATE RIDE midnight 25-mile bicycle event, we wanted a hotel that was affordable and close to Grant Park, where the course begins and ends. We also wanted a hotel that wouldn't have a problem with us bringing our bicycles into our room. (Yes, last year, the hotel we stayed at would not let us bring the bikes into our room and we worried about them being stolen the entire time.) We booked a King Suite and were upgraded to a King Whirlpool Suite at check-in. After the bicycle ride, I was so grateful for that free tub! We absolutely loved the hotel's Frank Lloyd Wright motif. Our only &quot;problem&quot; was a long line at check-in. The problem was that the woman infront of us was upgraded, free of charge, to a better room and she couldn't understand that it was actually free. Yes, lady, this is something that hotels sometimes do because they overbook. Take the room and move on. We had our *active* toddler daughter with us, so after hearing this woman debate the free room issue for 15 minutes, we just wanted to get our key card and get it to the room. The room - WOW! We've traveled a lot and we've never had a room this nice for what we paid. The ceilings and windows were high. Breathtaking. We didn't want to leave the room come check out time. Hell, it was larger than our first apartment. The bathroom was huge. Shower, whirlpool tub, robes, thick and juicy towels. Bed was comfortable. I would have liked more blankets, but that's because I am a blanket person. No complaints from my daughter and husband. Room service was expensive, but it is at every other hotel as well. Free bottled water in mini-fridge was a nice touch. Great door men at the enterance. This is our hotel from now on for ALL our Chicago trips. (We come down often for cycling events.)	
Jul 13 2007	Great location	We two ladies of a &quot;certain age&quot; planned a long weekend in Chicago in April, 2007. Travelzoo had a special for the Silversmith so as usual I checked out the TripAdvisor reviews. They were quite mixed but we decided to make reservations anyway since they had a good rate of $139 for a suite with 2 double beds. When we arrived from Midway a double/double suite was not available until the next day (there was a conference at the hotel) but they gave us our choice of a room with 2 double beds or a king suite for $60. We chose the King suite which had a bathroom as big as a typical european hotel room but the sofa bed was not very comfortable. The next day we moved to a suite with double beds which was very nice with a sitting room with two comfortable chairs/foot stools &amp; large TV. The El is very close &amp; easy to navigate from Midway. We could hear the trains but it was more like &quot;white noise&quot;. The bar downstairs was fun but lots of smokers so we weren't able to stay there long. Ada's, the deli was good for simple food, breakfast, etc. but Murphy's down the street was a great old non-smoking place with really good food. We walked to the Chase Auditorium for a taping of a PBS radio show and the two day tourist pass allowed us on all the public transportation to the Navy Pier, The Water Tower, Midway Airport and the train station on the last day. All in all a very pleasant adventure. I will agree that the hotel's reservation system could use some improvement but Brian at the hotel's desk was very helpful in making sure we were comfortable. If we could get another great rate I would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 11 2007	Our Downtown favorite	We have been going to Silversmith for several years and have found it to be a great place to stay. The location is close to everything. We usually go 2-3 times a year and park the car til we leave. Everyone is very helpful. The rooms are not huge but are well appointed and we are not in the room. It is close enough to walk to shopping, use the trolley for the museums, walk to the theater, walk to the lakefront or a restaurant. We live in the suburbs and know the downtown area and we choose to go to Silversmith when we want to spend time in the city. We have been there at all times of the year and have never had a complaint. The area is very safe at night too.	
Jul 7 2007 	great location but bring earplugs!	got this hotel for $80/night. it had a great location, only 1 block from the art institute and very close to the taste of chicago food festival. it's only 1 block to the &quot;el&quot; for anyone needing public transportation. the staff was very courteous and the room was larger than what we've stayed in before. the bathroom was large and the towels were fluffy. if i had any complaint, it would be that you can hear every door shutting and that was very annoying to me as a light sleeper.	
Jul 3 2007 	Yet another mishap with the reservation	Because of other reviewers' recommendations, we asked for a room away from the El. We had arrived at 1pm and had to wait until 3pm for a room to be available (understandable). At 3pm, we were given a room that hadn't been cleaned (bed not made, towels scattered on the floor in the bathroom). The room was also dark and dinghy. The front desk clerk was not very nice about our returning to the desk for a cleaned room. After 30 minutes of waiting we were given a clean room. Upon checkout, the front desk had lost all record of the group (corporate) credit card that had been used to secure the room and was presented on the day of arrival by the corporate cardholder, and wasn't able to process the payment unless we gave them our personal credit card (room was part of a conference and the corporate group paid for the room). No manager was available either in person (&quot;he didn't come in today&quot;), or by phone for 3 hours. We had to get someone to come to the hotel (from the conference at another hotel) with the corporate credit card (for the second time) to pay the bill. The clerk kept saying, &quot;there's nothing I can do.&quot; This is unacceptable given the $250 a night conference rate. This hotel needs to figure out how to have a functioning computer system.	
Jun 26 2007 	Horrible Dingy Expensive	We had a similar experience another guest did on this site - we arrived from Los Angeles in the evening and when we got to the hotel the room we were promised had been given to someone else but would be available the next night. When I said we had a confirmed room and showed the woman at the desk our confirmation number she shrugged and said &quot;we can't guarantee the rooms&quot;. THEN WHY EVEN BOOK THEM? This woman was unhelpful, quietly rude and didn't care in the least. They finally found a room for us and it was horrible. Dingy, dark, gloomy and the window stared right out at the EL and this was a $400 room!. We went out to dinner and checked out The Hard Rock which was fantastic but booked but their rates were $100 LESS and the place was fantastic! In the morning we decided to leave (and found a room at the Chicago Athletic Club - an affiliate of the Los Angeles Athletic Club where we are members so it was great). The Silversmith had promised to charge us the same rate we were quoted when I made the reservation but when we checked out they charged us $50 more and couldn't take it off the computer. We had to wait for 1/2 an hour while they tried to figure out how to fix this. And to top it all off, our daughter left a shoe in the room and when we called the next day they said they didn't have it. I'm not sure they even looked for it. Anyway, this hotel was really horrible. We couldn't wait to get out of there and practically fled with our luggage as soon as we could the next morning.	
Jun 23 2007 	Good location beware the reservation/rate system ...	Great location near Michigan Ave/Loop Area, Art Institute, Symphony Center, Millennium Park, the El, etc ... Nice rooms with tall ceilings and large bathrooms. Lobby on 2nd floor. Quiet if you have an inner room away from Wabash Ave. Would have ranked the hotel higher if it wasn't for the four months prior of dealing with the reservation system. Make sure you have a reservation # from the hotel directly (not just your initial internet confirmation #) before you go and have it in writing. And call to confirm during daytime hours when the reservation manager is there. Evening calls to confirm resulted in multiple reservations at the wrong rate or date (or being put on hold with an eventual disconnection) which had to be fixed the next day with the reservation agent. And several others with my conference group had incorrect room rates in the system which they had to fix when they checked out. But the check-out receptionist was very courteous, patient and helpful the morning of check out.	
Jun 13 2007 	Almost a great stay	Everthing started off well with this hotel until we checked out. The morning valet did not show up for work causing us to wait 1 hour to get our car. This caused us to miss a committment when we got home. Booked this hotel throught hotwire and when I checked my CC account on-line, the hotel had charged us for an additional 2 nights. The hotel claims that they never received payment from hotwire and hotwire claims that they were paid soon after I made the booking. The hotwire price was about half the amount that the hotel overbilled us for. This issue has not been resolved yet. I am not sure if I will stay at this hotel again or whether I will use hotwire again. However, I have used hotwire a few time and this is the first problem I have ever encountered.	
May 30 2007 	The Silversmith - Chicago's best kept secret	+ Arrived at O'Hare airport and took the Blue line CTA train to the Monroe stop (2 blocks from the hotel) for $2+ Hotel is walking distance to Grant Park, shopping, museums, restaurants, night life, Chicago river, Sears tower, John Hancock building, magnificent mile, Water Tower, boat rides, etc.+ Rooms are well maintained and clean+ Large bathrooms with marble countertops, lots of hot water+ Great security! Elevators do not work without the guest's key cards+ Thermostat in room kept temperature constant+ We reserved using Hotwire and paid only $114/nite	
May 29 2007 	Great Hotel; Helpful and Nice Concierge and Staff.	The Silversmith Hotel was excellent, the rooms are very comfortable and while not super contemporary very nice and inviting. The beds were super cozy we really enjoyed our stay over memorial day weekend. We arrived well before check in time at 3pm - arrived about noon - however our (upgraded) room was ready and suprisingly better than the actual standard room we booked (Thanks to the very corteous desk clerk.... )Also the concierge, Peggy, was super friendly and very helpful booking us last minute reservations for the comedy club ZANIES, which was awesome.This is a great hotel .. great location... great time....	
May 4 2007 	Lovely Arts 	Stayed here for 3 nights Nov 2006 &amp; had a very good experience but since then management has changed so not sure what else might have changed too.Had a 1 bedroom suite that was lovely &amp; spotlessly clean. Very large bathroom. Whole suite was beautifully decorated, including great prints/artwork &amp; very comfortable bed. Only negative, not much natural light, as I choose to go with room at the back vs. front, which overlooks &amp; hears the El. Very good italian restaurant across the street, food to-go or dine in.Pro: loved hotel decoration style, historic building, close to EVERYTHING (due to EL), 1 block from Fine Arts museum, M Park + suites are really nice, good priceCon: rooms at front have natural light but very loud; ones at back are dark but quiet.	
Apr 27 2007	Do Not Book This Hotel Thru Travelocity!!!	Love this Hotel and will be staying here again in May BUT...don't make the mistake of booking the Silversmith thru Travelocity. The Travelocity booking does not &quot;cross-over&quot; into Silversmith's antiquated system and has to be MANUALLY inputted by some clueless off-site &quot;reservationist&quot; and it takes about 2 weeks! After 4 phone calls and unreturned email, I finally got the manager and I'm hopefully getting the room that I paid for. Travelocity did intervene and contacted the hotel and faxed them my specific request for bed-type and the hotel still got it WRONG. Hopefully the problem is fixed. I'll make one more phone call to the hotel before leaving for Chicago.	
Apr 21 2007 	Enjoyed our stay	Arrived late due to flight delays. Even though I had confirmed directly with the hotel a couple of days prior, I felt compelled due to an earlier review to call the day of arrival after I realized we would be arriving really late. Spoke with front desk and they said I was guaranteed and not to worry. So at check-in around 10:30pm, I was surprised when I was informed that the room we had reserved(exec.,2Dbl beds) was not available; however, she did accomodate us with an exec., king suite( 1 bed and a sleeper sofa- my 2 sons didn't appreciate that). She did offer to switch us the following morning, but we decided to stay put. Also watch your bill. We were charged $30 for parking each night and we did not have a car. After several phone calls, I believe it was resolved-I haven't checked my bank statement yet. Besides the above two aforementioned problems, the rest of the stay was pleasant. It was relatively quiet. Actually what train noise I did hear was more like white noise and was restful. Note, since they are no longer a Crowne Plaza hotel, they no longer offer the CD, ear plugs or eye mask or atleast that is what I was told.The breakfast, though limited, was delicious. The croissants to die for. cereal/hot oatmeal, fruit, yogurt, coffee/hot chocolate, fresh juice and milk and individualized preserves.Rooms clean and comfortable size. A little dark, but the high ceilings and large windows helped. Turn down service with cookies at night, great touch.Felt safe, esp. with the keycard and security on the ground level.Lobby on &quot;lobby level &quot;was cozy with fireplace and piano. My boys enjoyed playing when we returned in the evenings. Self serve coffee throughout the day.Conveniently located to millenium park, Ford theatre, restaurants, and shopping. Everything else including airport, easily accessible with train right outside your doors. The blue and red line approx. 1-2 blocks away-easy stroll.I would definitely stay here again, esp. for the $115/night rate received.	
Apr 14 2007 	fabulous hotel adjoining rooms	My family and I stayed at the Silversmith Mar 29 - Apr 4. The hotel staff was always courteous and helpful, especially Peggy the concierge. When I called the week before our visit to confirm the reservations (orig reservatns made in Dec), I told her that we were celebrating my daughters' spring birthdays. She arranged a surprise of balloons and a plate of cookies in their room the evening of our arrival. Also, Peggy suggested and arranged a flat rate limo for us from O'Hare to the Silversmith. The difference in cost for 4 passengers to take an airport shuttle vs. the limo is negligible, and it was wonderful to stretch our legs in a limo after being crammed in an airplane and crowded airport most of the day! It is difficult to find the hotel if you are not looking for it , but that was part of it's charm. The Silversmith feels like a club or private hideaway. We had asked for adjoining/quiet/non-smoking rooms and were placed on the 10th floor. The king room was spacious, with a roomy bathroom that had a large granite countertop and granite tile floor, the windows in the room were very tall and had deep sills that my daughter used as a window seat. There is no extra charge for in-room internet hookup, the refrigerator is empty for our personal use (no honor bar/weighing crap like at other hotels) and Mon-Thurs there are cookies and cheescake in the lobby. The hotel was in excellent repair, no peeling wallpaper; everything looked freshly painted; the hallways, rooms and bathrooms were pristine. I loved the Arts &amp; Crafts decor; the rooms each had old fashioned desks with wooden chairs on rollers; armoires with usable drawer space. The crisp white duvets and linens and very high ceilings also make the rooms appear roomier. The adjoining double/double room was on the small side, but had the same large windows, high ceiling and large bathroom as the king. The location was great, too! We were first time visitors to Chicago and were delighted to find that we could easily walk to the Art Institute, Oriental Ford Theatre, Macys(formerly Marshall Fields with Tiffany dome!), the Bean, and Giordano's Pizza. We also felt very safe at the Silversmith and the adjoining area. You must have an electronic card to go past the lobby on the elevator and the card only lets you get to certain floors (for instance, my card wouldn't let go to the 3rd floor only mine and the floor below.). The El is located right outside the hotel, but that was never a problem. It was a novelty, not a nuisance, to see the El cars go by at night outside the lobby windows. I would recommend asking for a quiet room if you think the noise might be a problem. Cabs are easy to catch outside the hotel, also. I wasn't sure what to expect based on the conflicting reviews on ths site, but I absolutely loved the Silversmith. I called several boutique hotels before I made reservations at Silversmith, and I can tell you that the Silversmith has many amenities that others did not offer, including adjoining rooms on top floors (other hotels only had adjoining rooms on lower floors facing construction), free in-room internet access, free refrigerator, and because we were on the top floor we had complementary breakfast each morning. I can't wait to visit again!! (and I'm very picky)!	
Mar 14 2007 	guaranteed reservation? With a conf #? Ha!	I arrived at the Silversmith on 3/12 at 8 pm. My travel agent had made the reservation on March 1. I had a confirmation code and a print out saying that the reservation was &quot;guaranteed.&quot; But the &quot;reservation&quot; had &quot;not yet gone through the system,&quot; according to the sole front desk person (who made a phone call unrelated to my situation and helped another guest, all while I was waiting for her to resolve the problem). My colleague's reservation, made through identical channels after mine was made, had somehow been received by the hotel. The manager was not available -- he had &quot;gone home.&quot; I was told that I was being moved to a hotel more than a mile away and across one of Chicago's rivers. This was distressing to me as I had selected the Silversmith because it was walking distance from my meetings the next day. I explained this inconvenience, but the Silversmith told me that I could not be moved to any other hotel in Chicago except the Hilton Garden Inn that they had selected for me that was, as I said, inconveniently located. I was handed $8 in cash to pay for the cab ride there and then summarily sent on my way. I think I got one mumbled apology.	
Feb 16 2007 	That was a Crowne Plaza?	I had nothing but problems with this hotel. While booking online, I called the hotel to get more information and the pushy phone personnel insisted I book over the phone, not online.When they screwed up my reservation, I had only their word against mine, and the customer in this case was not right. I don't know who taught this place about customer service, but it was the worst I've ever experienced. The desk clerks accused me of lying, and even argued with me about how many towels were supposed to be in a room, since we were short of towels. Honestly, just send up another towel, why argue with me?After speaking with the assistant manager about the fact that my 2 night reservation was only made for 1 night(and that wasn't the ONLY problem, just the biggest one) he graciously offered me a room for way more than I had paid for the first night, knowing my itinerary left me too little time to change hotels. When I left the hotel later, I came around the corner into the lobby in time to overhear him making fun of me to the valet staff. He had the courtesy to turn red and at least stop talking while I walked out of the lobby. That was the most unprofessionally run hotel I have EVER stayed at and I will never be back. If you choose to stay there, get your confirmation in writing to back you up, and you'd better hope you don't run into any problems, because they will not be resolved.You may also want to take into account that the train is running right outside the door, and it's rather noisy. The supposed 'Frank Lloyd Wright' theme falls way short and feels like an excuse to have an outdated, worn-looking interior. For what I paid to stay at that hotel, I am shocked. I can't believe they call themselves a Crowne Plaza. They do not live up to the wonderful customer service and quality I have enjoyed at their other hotels.	
Dec 31 2006 	Great location good wheelchair access	My partner and I stayed here for four nights in May 2006. I'm a wheelchair user and chose the hotel based on price, location, reviews on TripAdvisor and the ability to check accessible room availability and book such rooms directly online. Other (especially Australian) hotels take note - the ability to check availability of accessible rooms and book these directly via hotel online booking systems is a real selling point for me, and probably other wheelchair users. It saves a lot of time and effort, and says a lot about a property's willingness to treat wheelchair users as real customers.The hotel facilities were good, and noise from the EL (noted by other reviewers) was not noticeable in our room. I felt the room was a bit dark in terms of decor and a little cramped with a wheelchair. The room accessibility was otherwise good (no roll-in shower though). Hotel staff were very helpful with obtaining taxis when required and made us reservations with accessible seating to see a show. Given that we arrived after a two-day train trip from Seattle, we would have appreciated a coin laundry for guests though.The location was a major bonus. There was plenty to do and see in easy walking distance (e.g. Art Institute, Architecture tours, shopping on the Magnificient Mile). I was very pleasantly surprised at how easy it was to get to major attractions and restaurants in a wheelchair.The hotel's onsite restaurant is a New York-style deli restaurant, which serves great meals and very reasonably-priced breakfasts. My non-observant Jewish partner especially enjoyed being able to order matzoh ball soup from the restaurant menu for room service delivery.Overall, a great experience and a hotel recommended for a Chicago stay.	
Dec 24 2006 	Cold Shower	I only ask two things from a hotel: bed and a shower. When you pay $300 for a night and can't get a hot shower, well you aren't going to get a good review from me.Had they given me a hot shower, I would have rated the hotel as above average. And offer of a free breakfast didn't balance out in my book with the very cold shower we both had to suffer through.	
Nov 12 2006 	very quiet room	Asked for a quiet room away from construction. Got room 814...which had no view, but was VERY quiet. 11' ceilings are wonderful. Had a long entryway with a wall blocking noise coming from the hallway. It's also in a corner, so not a lot of people walk by.The bed was very comfortable, as were the pillows, and the bathroom was a nice size. It was nice to have a mini fridge, too. Received a complimentary bottle of water each night (that was put in the fridge...nice touch), and turndown service with a couple of chocolates. The only problem was an inconsistent knocking sound coming from the bathroom sometimes. Closing the door helped somewhat, but could still hear it.Loved having to have a key card to get the elevator to go past the lobby, but like some others on here, had to have the card key remagnetized twice the second day because it wouldn't work. All of the employees were very friendly. Called about 1pm the day I arrived and was able to check in early. Was very handy to Garrett's Popcorn, Pizano's Pizza (try the buttercrust thin crust), and the Randolph St. station for the South Shore commuter train. Would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Nov 11 2006 	A little gem of a hotel	My wife and I have arrived back in the UK after a five night stay at the Crowne Plaza Silversmith in Chicago at the end of October and into early November.If you forgive the irony, this is an absolute gem of a hotel located in the jewellery quarter right in the heart of the financial district and in the Central Loop, 1 block south of the Marshall Fields Department Store (now Macy's). It provided us with an ideal and safe base from which to explore Chicago as tourists.After a lot of research and poring over countless Chicago hotel reviews, we decided to back the judgement of others and book the Crowne Plaza Silversmith via its own ICH website. What a great choice of hotel we made and one that is fully deserving of its high ranking on Trip Advisor! We think you will struggle to find a city centre (downtown) hotel anywhere with such spacious, quality and affordable rooms, backed by high cleanliness standards, attention to service detail and superb, polite but not over-effusive staff. For our part, we feel competent in assessing if staff attitudes are forced rather than natural. There wasn't a single staff member at the hotel, who did not acknowledge us on eye contact, smile when necessary and provided what we wanted when called upon. Truly remarkable!We decided to pay extra for a room with a seating area, having been the victims previously of undersized accommodations in San Francisco and Washington DC and we were allocated a spacious, yet tastefully decorated room on the fifth floor at the back of the hotel. It was spotlessly clean and well equipped and had a big comfy bed, superb bathroom with walk-in shower and marble sink surround, efficient airconditioning, and was a lot less noisy than we expected. We hardly heard the &quot;EL&quot; below and never once heard our hotel neighbours eirther side or above, even though the hotel was full every night.Two good restaurants are close by:1 - Italian Village - 4 blocks away - great food, superb decor, supreme service and all at a sensible price2 - Millers Pub - 1 block away - good food and service, extensive menu, excellent prices and a great atmosphere as wellWe will certainly visit Chicago again in future and stay at the Crowne Plaza Silversmith but during Summer next time.	
Nov 1 2006	beautiful but noisy	I stayed at the Crown Plaza in September 06 and should have heeded a tripadvisor review to get a room away from the L. It is a very nice hotel, very comfy room, but there is the regular whooshing sound of the L. The complimentary bag of sleep aids, including earplugs are a nice touch, and they did help. However, I would only go back if I could be assured of a room away from the L.	
Oct 19 2006 	Nice hotel but some glitches	I recently stayed for 4 days at the hotel. One of the best features is it's location and service but the staff seemed 'understaffed'. For the most part, every one was very professional and accomodating (except for one concierge who suggested I call the restaurant to change my reservations). It just seemed like they needed one more person. The hotel was full at the time which may explain the situation. There were several 'glitches' ; the room keys easily became demagnitized and didn't work; the safe in my room needed some maintenance; and room service didn't deliver breakfast at the requested time. On a positive note, there were several nice amenities, including comfortable beds/pillows, housekeeping, a relaxation CD, earplugs, dark velvet draperies that darkened the room, cheesecake in the lobby during the evenings, and personal wake up call that included the daily weather report. If you are planning to make a reservation in the near future, request a room away from the construction taking place across the street.	
Oct 5 2006	Hard to Find but Worth it	This is a great location for downtown Chicago events. Suite was lovely, and reasonably priced. But as usual: ask the desk clerk for discounts until you get what you think you should get. The Frank Lloyd Wright motif went throughout the hotel, and the coordination was rather soothing, but the uniform brown was monotonoujs. Except you'd really have to take it up with Frank Lloyd Wright. Only problem was the restaurant downstairs, which was frankly not good food. But the pizza parlor across Wabash was fine.	
Oct 2 2006	Excellent location	Hotel was centrally located to attractions and within easy walking distance. Enjoyed the beautiful room and the turndown service. If staying go to the Italian Village, a short walk, the food was awesome. Would definitely stay her again in the future.	
Sep 18 2006 	Fantastic Find	My wife and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza this weekend, Sept. 15-17. We were amazed how good the hotel was, from the location (next to the L) to the great service and rooms. After looking to find a hotel we choose this one by the user feedback on this site and couldn't have been happier. We got a rate of $189 a night!!Location: Next to the L and a block from the Millennium Park. Also a 10 minute walk to Michigan Ave. Couldn't pick a better spot in terms of walkability. Another plus is there's a restaurant across the street that's open till 3AM, which we tried when our flight was delayed and got in at 11PM. A nice bonus.Room: We requested and got a room towards the back so we wouldn't be bothered by the L. The room was very clean, very comfortable bed, and large bathroom. The room was very quiet and comfortable. Service: Very good. Fast check-in, helpful in getting directions, and coffee in the lobby in the morning for those early departures to the airport.As far as I'm concerned, the best value in Chicago and I will not stay anywhere else in the future.	
Sep 4 2006	Great Service and Location	It is rare for a hotel's service to exceed expectations. I make a point of selecting hotels based on comments made on TripAdvisor, and as a result, set high expectations. The Silversmith exceeded my high expectations. They deserve my time to stop and make an endorsement. The hotel's overall facility, rooms, and bathrooms are upscale and in very good condition. Relaxing classical music is played in the lobby and the staff covers every detail in making sure you get a quiet night's sleep as part of the Crown Plaza Hotels Sleep Program. Our requests for amenities were addressed promptly and courteously by every staff member we met. In summary, it is a First Class hotel.The Silversmith is also perfectly located for walking access to Milennium Park, Grant Park, Marshall Field's, the gorgeous waterfront and it's walking path to all of the major museums including the Art and Field Museums. There are also plenty of fine dining and quick bite establishments surrounding the hotel.For anyone seeking a great place to stay while touring downtown Chicago, The Silversmith is your best bet.	
Aug 29 2006 	Talk about service!!!!	I had to go to Chicago for a week for some training, I had also taken my daughter, mom, and little sister (I figured they could play and sightsee while I worked.) WHAT A GREAT HOTEL!!! They were extremely courteous, upgraded us to a suite no problem and no charge. Housekeeping to the front desk employees bent over backwards to help us with everything!! There was also a dessert bar every night (Mon-Thur) at 9pm in the lobby! The El was not noisy like I thought it would be in the room, outside standing underneath it is different. GO Eat at Carmine's, and Italian Village. ADA's was great too and located at the hotel. The Valet service was great, busy but great!! It's worth the $30/day to not have to park it yourself! I HIGHLY recommend this hotel to anyone and everyone. FANTASTIC!!!	
Jul 25 2006 	Excellent	We booked the Silversmith to meet up with family whilst staying in Chicago.Location is good, but right on the loop, so best to request room at the back of the hotel - it must be noisy at the front. Easily walk to most of the attractions, but station is right outside for those further afield.Rooms were excellently presented. We had a suite, and had plenty of room to stretch out. Bathroom was very clean.There is no bar, but Millers pub is only 1 block South, and worth a visit.	
Jul 16 2006	Why Stay Anywhere Else? (Unless you have to)	Positives:Peggi T conceirge is the soul of the hotel - inspiring, big hearted. Good value for quality product, much better stay here than I’ve had at some Chi megahotels.Free high speed internet access at this hotel - at some hotels this is $13 extraFree access to 800 numbers, unlike at Starwood hotels where there’s often a $2 per call access feeCordless phone in room is appreciated.Nice, tasteful Prarie style decor, refreshingly  not generic, no cookie cutter look to the hotel. Real oak furniture and doors, comfortable look in room, good lighting.CD player, clock radio wasn’t as tinny as most hotels.Good sized bathrooms with close up make up mirrors, granite countertops.Location located right at the ‘el’ subway stop - extremely convenient and I took the ride from the airport one transfer right to the hotel for under $2. Within two blocks find Art Inst, dept stores, many restaurants, kinkos/Fed Exp. Personnel that ask ‘How is your stay?” you have a chance to respond and get resolution then and there.Employees at the hotel are alert, hospitable, good communication with all levels of hotel empoyeesBathrooms had comfortable robes,Bedspreads looked clean without a ‘history’Patrice Brazil, all the conceirges and front desk employees good.Peggi T, the conceirge you’ve read about on this site, i-s inspiring, and helpful, ‘soul of the hotel’ - we didn’t need special services but we were enriched by her presence and comments.Good quality in room coffee and coffee maker, fridge that’s quiet, Free in room safes that Four Points hotels sometimes don’t provide - helpful for storing passport, ID’s, laptop.Excellent security - one needs hotel guest key card to access your floorEnough staff on duty at front desk unlike some hotels.No signature fragrance in public areas, as Starwood hotels has doneClean, fragrance free environs - no disguising hotel odorsDoormen are very efficient, they pay attentionHousekeeping staff really good - supervisors check, follow upNegatives:Shower head doesn’t release strong torrent of water - it's ok.Ada’s Restaurant downstairs - best to skip this food that’s an embarrassement to the taste buds - huge portions, reasonably priced, not very good food - with maybe the worst coffee we’ve had, food has too much deep frying, the corned beef tasted like turkey or ham corn beef, the noodle krugle overkilled with sweetness. Needed: a fresh menu of fewer, higher quality choices. Service is good.Executive guest floor breakfast has uninspired pastries and breads, a toaster to warm bagels/rolls should be on public view instead of in the kitchen area hidden from view. Loud, intrusive TV in small breakfast lounge on 10th floor. Room closed after breakfast. Hotel doesn’t list how much local calls are or 800 numbers,No tongs with ice buckets.Lobby could use a little more personal touch - such as magazines, newspapers, fresh flowers for friendly ambience.Overall, good find that we wouldn't known about unless tripadvisor reviews told about it - thanks everyone! A very good hotel overall.Why stay anywhere else?	
Jul 13 2006	Unbelievable Hotel for the money	This was our 4th trip to Chicago, but our first staying downtown (in the Loop). The Silversmith Crown Plaza was an unbelieveable. We arrived the weekend before the 4th of July. Starting with checking in, we were completley taken care. The hotel staff could not be beat!!! They were the best staff I have seen at any hotel I have ever stayed at and being in the military for 23 years, I have stayed at quite a few. The rooms were large with very comfortable beds. There was a turndown service everynight, with chocolates my kids looked forward to. The bath rooms were huge for hotels. The intricate tile floors and high ceilings spoke a lot of the quality of this fine establishment. The concierge was extrememly helpful for directions, places to go, etc... I wish I would have listened to her when she told me how to get to the Science and Industry Museum. She gave me the bus routes to get dropped off at the front door of the museum. I decided on my own to take the El and found out the museum was 3 miles from the stop in a VERY rough part of town. All the time we were waiting for the bus to complete our trip, I was thinking &quot;I will ALWAYS listen to the concierge from now on&quot;! The rest of the staff are just as helpful. When we left we discoverd our van battery was dead and the staff jumped through hoops to find jumper cables and a vehicle to get me on my way at 0430 in the AM. THEY ROCK!!!!!There are absoluty zero downsides to this hotel. You are a fool to stay any where else unless you have money to burn.bob	
Jul 11 2006	Excellent value couldn't have been more pleased	I took my chances with a priceline 3star search in the Grant Park area and ended up here for $140. Couldn't have been happier since it was a &quot;Taste of Chicago&quot; weekend and every price I saw on the web was $200+ for a hotel within walking distance to Grant Park.The 12 foot ceilings are great (you just don't see that anymore, thank goodness for old architecture). The room was very comfortable with a nice and very large bathroom. Free internet access was also a plus. Staff was extremely helpful, no problems whatsoever. I asked for a room away from the train tracks and was given a room on the 5th floor...I could barely hear the train go by, it wasn't a problem at all...but it's right outside the front door of the hotel if you need it! I read some poor reviews of Ada's (Deli adjacent to the hotel) but my family had breakfast there on Sunday morning and loved it. I used the valet parking and didn't have a problem with that either (it's expensive but you'll find that anywhere in the heart of the city).I would recommend this hotel to anybody who wants to be close to all the action in the Millennium/Grant Park area. We even walked to Navy Pier from this hotel but it was a bit of a hike. You don't pay top dollar at Crowne Plaza Silversmith but you definitely get the quality of a 3-4 star hotel.	
Jun 16 2006	Labor Day Rocked at Wrigley! Thanks Silversmith!	We stayed at the Silversmith last Sept. (Labor Day) Checkin was fast, courteous and we were able to checkin early, this was great considering we just got off a long flight. The hotel Staff was very friendly and helpful, whenever we had a question about directions, they were more than happy to give us detailed directions and at times point it out.After we checked in, we found out Jimmy Buffet was in concert at Wrigley Field on Labor Day(also my Birthday) The tickets were sold out! We asked the conceigre if there was anyway she could find some tickets, she made a call got us great seats, cheaper than the face value of the tickets. I have always been a big Buffet Fan! Not only did I get to see Jimmy but on my birthday at Wrigley Field !! The concierge at Crowne Plaza Silversmith made it all happen!!The room was clean, quite, beds was very comfortable. Bathroom was very spacious and bright. Every morning we went and ate breakfast at &quot;Ada's Deli&quot; it was delicious, a big variety on the menu. Omelets are really good!This was my first visit to Chicago and it was beautiful! I hope to return again and stay at the Crowne Plaza Silversmith.	
Jun 3 2006	No ComplaintsW	My husband and I stayed one night at the Crown Plaza Silversmith and purchased the &quot;Art of the City&quot; package through the Art Institute. We mapquested the route and had no problem finding the hotel. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful from the doorman to the front desk and consierge. We were very pleased with the room as well. It was absolutely spotless with a huge bathroom and lovely arts and crafts decor. We were on the 5th floor and the El was right below us but we agreed that we'd stayed in hotels with a/c units that were louder! It was not a factor at all and we slept great. We very much enjoyed our stay at the Silversmith.	
Jun 1 2006	Beautiful Room Home Away from Home	My husband and I LOVED our stay at the Crowne Plaza Silversmith over the Memorial Day holiday. We stayed two nights and paid $161/night + tax + valet, through a discount broker in Chicago. The hotel was a little hard to find at first - our online map showed that the hotel was on the east side of Wabash, but it's on the west side. Heading south on Wabash, look to the right for flags between Madison and Monroe. I thought the location was great, if you want to stay in the Loop/Theatre District/Grant Park area (and just a 5 minute CTA ride to River North). A taxi ride from Navy Pier cost about $8. The neighborhood is great, not seedy, as it's in the North Loop area, but it does feels more &quot;downtown&quot; than Michigan Ave's &quot;uptown&quot;. When we got in, the front desk staff asked us if we'd stayed with them before, and as we hadn't, they upgraded us to a Suite (retails at $529/night). Absolutely beautiful room. We had asked for a high floor because of the El running parallel with Wabash at about 2nd/3rd floors. We still heard the El at night, but not too bad, sort of like a whooshing noise. The bed was doublesheeted and we had white robes to wear. The two TVs, ethernet connection and refridgerator were excellent amenities and the bed was super comfortable. Our tall windows let in a lot of light and had a window seat too. The view was of another building though. We ordered room service for lunch one day, and although many reviews thought the attached restaurant Ada's Deli was bad, the pastrami sandwich we ordered was fabulous. The gal who answered the room service phone wasn't very pleasant though. Also, our valet took coins from our car - they tell you to remove valuables but I guess that translates to &quot;or else&quot;. It was only 90 cents, but it put a damper on our experience. Everything else about our trip was dandy though and we feel like the hotel is our home away from home in Chicago - especially if we can get that rate again.	
May 29 2006 	adequate but poor location	We stayed for two nights on a last minute trip. While the cost seemed comparable to Michigan Ave, the location leaves a bit to be desired. This hotel has an entrance below the elevated train, and really appears to be a nicely converted office building. We actually thought the GPS on our rental car was wrong and drove by the entrance twice before finding it. The neighborhood was a bit seedy, but we were able to find a nice Italian resturant a few block away (Tratttoria 10). The rooms are very nice, unique, and not at all like a generic chain. There are NO views.The staff are nice.They've done a nice job with what they've had to work with, but due to the location, we would not choose to stay here again.	
May 11 2006 	A great find	I stayed at the Crowne Plaza Silversmith while in town for business and pleasure. This was one of the top Crowne Plaza hotels I have stayed at. The rooms were nicely decorated with oak trim, oak beds, and oak wardrobe/entertainment center. I had a King premium room, which was nice sized for downtown standards. The location was good - about 1/2 mile from Michigan/Chicago River and a block from Millenium/Grant Park. The L stops right outside and it is fairly convenient to the McCormick Place. Most of the good dining is North of the river, so a 1.5 mile walk or short cab ride will get you there quickly. I have stayed at the Palmer House, Hotel 71, Grand Hyatt, and some of the other 3* hotels in the area. This was far superior to those in my opinion.	
May 10 2006	Enjoyed our stay at the Silversmith	Our experience at the Crowne Plaza Silversmith was very good. The hotel is within easy walking distance to Millennium Park and we thought our museum package was a good value (the room, free breakfast next door at Ada's Deli, and tickets to the museum). The room was spotless, the bathroom was large and elegant, and the mattress was very good. We were worried about noise from the El, but with the fan running, we slept right through it. Some of the ground floor staff are not very friendly, but most were great. The only disadvantage is the difficult parking in front of the hotel to unload, requiring several trips around the block until we could doublepark.	
May 8 2006	Enjoyed this hotel!	Stayed at this hotel for a birthday weekend of theatre and shopping. We were very pleased. The staff from valet to desk to housekeeping was friendly and helpful. Peggy, the concierge, was excellent and had wonderful recommendations. The room was very nice with the high ceilings and very large bathroom. We did not hear the train hardly at all. As others have noted, the deli downstairs isn't the best food, but staff was pretty good. This would be one of my first choices next time we stay downtown.	
Apr 27 2006	Cozy and Good Value	As expected, the taxi driver from ORD didn’t know where this hotel is located so be sure to have the street address at hand. Staff at the second floor lobby was friendly and helpful. We had booked a suite on the executive floor. Suite 1005 has the best view of the lake, but the view is across some black roofs and I wouldn’t fight for it. The noise from the train below was not disturbing at all but the refrigerator was far too loud for the poor guy (me) who had to sleep on the sofa bed. The rest of the room was very nice and practical. There was even a microwave and a sink – very useful for preparing baby food.Our suite was not very large, in fact it was rather cramped when the sofa bed was in use. Also, there is no window in the “living room” and no door between bedroom and living room. But there are two TV sets.Continental breakfast at the club lounge was ok. There are only two cocktail tables and eight chairs in the lounge although we were always lucky with space.While both the suite and the executive lounge were nothing to write home about, it must be added that the surcharges for “suite” and “executive” were minimal. So at the end, it was a great value for a family of four. A very comfortable place and a perfect location.	
Apr 11 2006 	Beware on ground floor	Beware of pickpockets in the lobby and front of the hotel..The Hotel Lobby is not on the Ground Floor and you enter into a smallish entrance. I have stayed here before but this was a red flag for us not to return.Hotel management were told of the problem but seemed to be annoyed with us not the pickpockets.	
Feb 27 2006	Exceeded expectations	Great convenient location. Helpful staff. Rooms were spacious and very clean. Ada's restaurant/deli/bar connected on the ground level was good with pleasant staff.	
Jan 12 2006	Great Hotel	We stayed with our 2 children for a weekend in December. It has a perfect location to visit Millenium Park, the museums, &amp; the holiday decor at Daley Plaza &amp; Marshall Fields. We arrived &amp; were upgraded to a club level room. (only complaint, not much room for all of the guests to sit in the continental breakfast area) The beds were comfortable &amp; the bathroom was huge for a city hotel. We only heard the swoosh of the L while awake, no one noticed it at night. Ada's was convenient for an evening cocktail or breakfast in the morning. We would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 16 2005	Good value in the Loop	3-night stay over Veteran's Day weekend. Got a 10th floor executive room with breakfast coupons for Ada's next door, average price $229 a night (Thurs-Sun.) Ada's food is lousy, we ate there the second morning because the continental breakfast offered to 10th floor guests was in a small, uncomfortable room with a TV blasting. (Another disappointment: I assume an &quot;executive lounge&quot; would be available evenings and whatnot - it's not, only open for breakfast.)The desk staff was borderline rude when we arrived an hour before official check-in time, and had us trudge back downstairs with our suitcases to give them to the bellman. Our terrible first impression was fortunately mollified by the quality of the room once we were allowed in. The construction is solid; we never heard a sound from either occupied room next to us. These are not rooms for families, but they're perfect for a couple. Location is good, with easy access to subway, El and buses. Millenium Park and Art Institute are only a couple blocks away.	
Nov 7 2005	Great Room Close to Theater and shopping	This hotel was one of the more reasonably priced ones in the area around the theater district. The hotel is one block from Michigan Ave. and only a couple blocks from the theaters! Our room was ready when we asked to check in early. Our room was gorgeous. The beds were comfortable and I love all of the products that they offer in order for you to get a good night's sleep! The bathroom was HUGE!! I loved it! The shower head was disappointing. It was one of those massage ones set on a horrible setting and I couldn't reach to fix it. Housekeeping came and asked if we wanted turn down service. We could hear the train, of course, but it was not that bad. The desk clerk who checked us in was not exactly friendly but she wasn't rude either. She got the job done quickly and efficiently. The concierge did not seem friendly but we did not actually talk to her so I can't say for sure. Most of the bellhops/valets were very friendly and they are the first people you encounter when entering the building. We will definitely stay again!!!	
Nov 5 2005	I couldn't have asked for more...	My sister recently came to visit from England for a visit. I chose the Silversmith because of the great reviews on this site!A few days before our stay I called Peggy the concierge and made a few requests. As it was my sister's birthday I wanted the stay to be memorable. When we arrived at the hotel our suite was ready! Not only were all of my requests met, but there was a bottle of white wine chilling with a birthday card for my sister! I couldn't have asked for better service! All of the staff and ammenities were perfect.My only complaints:1. I called the hotel before booking online because I wanted a two room suite (one bedroom with a sleeper sofa behind the french doors.) Upon checking in I found we only had a one room suite. This was a bit of an upset as we had three people sharing the room and wanted a little bit of privacy. However, it was nice anyway.2. We had breakfast at Ada's next door. The coffee was weak, the hashbrowns were cold and they didn't care. My main portion on breakfast, the Beneditct Arnold was perfect, but I'll never visit again. There's a 'Corner Bakery' one block south next to the Palmer House Hilton. Go there for breakfast, save yourself $5.00 per person and be much happier!	
Oct 27 2005 	I am down-grading my rating but still a nice place	This was my third stay here, and I'm a little disappointed about this last trip. First, prices have gone up significantly; it's still a fine &quot;value,&quot; but our &quot;suite&quot; was on par price-wise with a nice room at the Renassaince/Westin-types. When we landed at the airport, I called to ask the El Stop to detrain. I was calling on my cell. The woman who answered said, Yadda, yadda, &quot;I'm with a guest now, please hold.&quot; So I held. 5 minutes later, I hung up. I tried again, same thing. And I held. I called again later, as we were now getting closer to downtown and I was a little nervous. Same answer, so I shouted out &quot;I just have the quickest question,&quot; and she started arguing with me! You can tell I'm peeved about this. It's b/c service here used to be so wonderful, and there were always plenty of staff in the past. I had chalked it up to a single problem until I was at the desk later that day and the staff person did the same thing. I told her it was okay with me to attend to the caller, which she did (I have no idea if it was the same person).This was our first stay in a &quot;suite&quot; here. True, two rooms, which was our goal. However, and I guess this is in keeping with Prairie style, the wall between the two rooms is 3 feet shorter than the ceiling. This defeated the purpose of having a separate work space for me apart from my husband. Too loud.Gym is 3 aerobic machines. Not a big deal in nice weather, as you are a block from the walking areas, but that's 6 months of the year that are touch-and-go.Business Center is $5 to use (each time), and only one computer prints. If you stay on 10th floor with the breakfast room, the servers are TOTALLY stressed out on weekends (but they're sweet). Bagels weren't even bagels, stale bread in square bagel form. But the zucchini bread was awesome. Coffee very good.Location is still prime, prime, prime. And not nearly as expensive as the Palmer House.I had felt the pleasure of staying here was in part the service, and I found that lacking this time. Hopefully, it was just a passing phase.	
Oct 25 2005 	Nice Hotel - close to the el and the Sears Tower	I stayed here October 24th for one night. My room was not ready so I stored my luggage and went to my office building in the Sears Tower. I took a cab to the tower - it took about 5-10 minutes, but walked back (about 10-15 minutes).When you walk in you see the bell hop on the first floor and take the elevator up to the second floor lobby. The decor is fresh and appears to be recently renovated. Ceilings throughout the hotel are very high and leave you with a very &quot;open&quot; impression. My work travel agency had booked me a smoking room so I switched to a non-smoking, wheelchair accessible suite on the 4th floor. I also requested a room AWAY from the el - very important here. The suite was very large and had recently been remodeled. I did not hear the train at night and only heard &quot;whooshing&quot; sounds the next morning. The bathroom was huge with granite countertops. The fitness center is open 24 hours. It is small and has about 4 cardio machines and a Precor cable machine, but it was fine. There is a flat screen to entertain you while you exercise. I usually stay at the W on Adams St. but the rooms there were sold out. I would definitely stay at the Crowne Plaza Silversmith again.	
Oct 13 2005 	Great!	Three night stay for a conference, cute room with a little nook with a desk area. The train was right below my window but I couldn't really hear it, the windows are double panes, just sounded like a woosh of wind now and again. A good experience all around, and the train is actually a great benefit, took it in from midway airport and the stop is directly outside the front door of the hotel. Bathroom was larger than most hotels, rooms were spotless.	
Oct 3 2005	Easy from the airport and close to the Park	Great for the money and very well situated to go to Millenium Park and to take the train from O'Hare. It's not as good to get to Miracle Mile and that area, but there are plenty of cabs. As compared to other hotels of its quality, it's far cheaper. The concierge was just great and got us on the Architectural Tour about 15 minutes before it left. She was amazing. The whole Chicago experience was a brilliant one.	
Sep 21 2005 	Still An Excellent Hotel for the Monay	We stayed here for 4 nights this month and were not disappointed during our second visit. Room was clean, well appointed and the staff was excellent. Restaurant was very good for breakfast, lunch and dinner (if you like a diner-type New York-deli style food -which we do). Crowne Plaza also now offers ear plugs, eye shades, lavender linen spray and a relaxation CD in the room so any EL noise is a moot point. Only complaint is there is no parking (not that I would normally rent a car in Chicago but I had to drive to Milwaukee for a day) and the valet parking available was expensive and inconvenient since they park the car several blocks away. I waited about a half hour for the car and I called ahead 10 minutes before. What a waste of time. Otherwise the staff is excellent and the room is definitely a good deal in a great location.	
Sep 16 2005	Watch out! This hotel double billed my credit card!	I booked this hotel through Orbitz. I Had a nice stay at the hotel but when I got home there was a little surprise when I got my credit card statement. This hotel had double billed my credit card! Orbitz billed me for the room and so did the hotel. So far I have not gotten a satisfactory response from this hotel or Orbitz. I have spent hours on the phone being put on hold, trying to get this issue resolved. Be careful!	
Sep 12 2005	good value	We stated at the silversmith on the executive 10th floor the noise from the el was no greater than normal road noise. The service was very good and the suite of a good size. compared to the hotels on michigan and in river north you definitely get a lot more for your money.	
Sep 5 2005	Friendly Staff!	The staff is what really sets this hotel apart from other downtown Chicago hotels. They are always cheerful and helpful. Our room on the 10th floor even had a minor lake view at no extra charge. Most hotels (i.e. The Drake) would charge extra for a sliver of lake view. Not here! The &quot;El&quot; train outside the front door just adds to the downtown Chicago experience. You can hear it in the room but it's not very loud at all. The area seems very safe as long as you use common sense. We recommend The Big Downtown restaurant one block south. Millenium Park was great! Many of the reviews say the same thing but I would like to comment on a few minor negatives for you: The wall dividing our suite into 2 rooms only went about 75% of the way up to the ceiling (for air circulation?!). Provides privacy but not sound insulation between the two t.v.s. Also the lack of a pool is a bummer if you have kids. The cable t.v. channel selection is poor also; not even the Disney channel! If a hotel doesn't have a pool for the kids at least have the Disney channel! There was no bedding for the sofa sleeper in our room. Usually it is found in one of the drawers, some hotels will even have the bed made up in the sofa when you flip it out!. Had to wait 20 minutes for it to be brought up. Our floor had a lounge with a continental breakfast which was just pastries and juice. Overall a GREAT hotel!	
Aug 26 2005	Tremendous!	I came to Chicago with my mother for three days -- the sole purpose of our trip being a U2 concert. I chose this hotel primarily based upon this sites glowing reviews, and it's close proximity to the United Center. We were both incredibly pleased.As I'm lazy and did not want to drag luggage on the El, we opted for the airport shuttle service, which I believe was 30 dollars per person (the price varies slightly according to hotel, and since the silversmith is downtown, it was one of the more expensive stops). Although we arrived at the hotel three hours prior to check in (my genius self forgot to allow for the hour back time change), the staff promptly lead us to our room. About an hour after our arrival, we recieved a call from the concierge asking us if we were pleased with our room. We were in the back on the 4th floor. While we faced a brick wall, we didn't have any problems with noise from the El (although, as I live in Manhattan, I can pretty much sleep through anything). The rooms were spacious (high ceilings were a nice touch), and I only wish I had that bathroom in my apartment. There was a good size desk in the room (good for business travelers), and free high speed internet (as my laptop is glued to my hip, this was a much appreciated amenity). We also recieved evening turndown service, even though we didn't request it, and the front desk was very prompt in replying to my request for feather pillows. We ordered room service for breakfast one morning, and as noted by another reviewer, their potato pancakces were excellent. The portions were also very large -- a little too large. The concierge also called up about five minutes after our food was delivered to ask us if we were pleased with our meal. Unfortunately, as we weren't there for long, we didn't have time to do much site seeing. We did walk to Millenium Park one night, which was quite lovely. I never felt unsafe walking around the surrounding area of the hotel -- as with any large city, just exercise common sense and stay alert. A bus to the United Center also stops diagonally across the street from the hotel.There was a young female concierge there who was definately on too many happy pills -- her ear to ear smile was just a little too eager to please. We did recieve a reccomendation for a pizza place from her (Giordano's -- not bad, but I'm still partial to NY pizza ;). It was also Mother's Day weekend, and they had some free desserts in the lobby for all Moms.I certainly hope to return to Chicago soon, and will most definately stay at the Silversmith. It was an absolute pleasure!	
Aug 23 2005	Superb room location and service	I have stayed at numerous hotels in downtown Chicago: Essex, Palmer House, Almafi, Intercontinental, Club Quarters, Hyatt Regency, Best Western, Holiday Inn, Hotel 71, and a few others I can't recall. The Silversmith is in the top of the group in my opinion.A group of 8 of us arrived at 9:00am on a Friday morning and all were able to check-in to our 3 rooms that early. On top of that, we were each given an upgrade to a king suite at no extra charge. Another group came later and received a regular king room. The regular king room was spacious with high ceilings. The king suite I was in had 2 seperate rooms with high ceilings. The bed was comfortable. I was next to the L on the 6th floor. I could hear it, but it wasn't loud enough to keep me awake. Maid service was good. The bellman were very helpful with advice on blues clubs, bars, restaurants, and transportation. Friendly guys. There is a restaurant/bar downstairs open until 3am on the weekends. Good food (according to a few members of our group). A block south is a Corner Bakery with great breakfast. A block north is a Garretts popcorn for the best popcorn anywhere. Different L stations are very close enabling quick/easy travel nearly anywhere in the city.Only problem with the hotel occured when I came home and there was a charge on my card. It took a few calls before I found out I was charged for a robe. Took a few more calls to finally get the charge taken off. The robe had been thrown in with the dirty towels. Understandable mistake but became difficult to get the issue resolved. Although, it was resolved in the end and I thank the management for resolving the issue. Could happen at any hotel. I am really glad they took the charge off because I didn't want to have a reason to not go back to this great hotel in Chicago.	
Aug 7 2005 	The Best Value in Chicago!	This hotel is excellent! We only stayed one night at the Silversmith and then moved to the Four Seasons (that was on someone else's dime) for the next three nights...and, I liked the Silversmith better! It was $300 less per night too. The staff was so friendly, they let us check in early, held our bags for a few hours after we checked out, and made a fuss over our kids.The location is pefect. We walked to the museums and Millenium park. We also walked to the restaurant district, but that's not close, or you can take a cab for $6. Oh, we took the El from the airport (The El is $1.75 or a $45 taxi ride) and the stop is right at the door of the Silversmith, couldn't of been easier. You can hear the El sometimes (we were on the 10th floor) but after awhile you don't even notice.The breakfast had something for everyone, the room it was served in was just a little small. Silversmith also provided nice terry robes and turn down service. I highly recommend this hotel and we will stay here the next time we come.	
Aug 1 2005	way above and beyond	I have never bothered to post a review of a hotel before, but our recent stay (July 20-23) at the Crowne Plaza Silversmith was so wonderful I feel compelled to comment. We snagged a $168 a night on-line price from the hotel's website on the tenth floor executive level after reading reviews here about a higher level room being preferable because of the El outside. (We never heard a train once in our three days). The room came with the complimentary exec lounge breakfast but because we like to do the big breakfast thing when we travel, we tried downstairs at Ada's the first day (Good but too expensive $73 for four) and the second day, at Peggy the Concierge's recommendation, a good place down the block in a spiffy art deco building. Sorry can't remember the name but it was just a block north on the opposite side of the street. It had the feel that some young GI from WWII whistling a Glenn Miller tune with a few hours between trains to his next posting might just walk in to have a cup of joe and eggs and bacon. Perfect. The two great things about the service at the Silversmith:1) When our bags were brought up to our room our 11 yo son was complaining to me that he wanted jam with a croissant we brought from the airport. Well, I don't ordinarily travel with pots of jam and told him so. So he said to the bellman, &quot;Do you have any jam?&quot; I could have smacked him, but the guy said, &quot;Would you like grape or mixed berry?&quot; Huh?He whipped out the door, tipless, and returned with both varieties on a tray, with napkins, and a knife. Whoa!2) While we were working on dinner reservations, the aforementioned Peggy the Concierge found out that we were in Chicago for our 20th wedding anniversary (and to see the Red Sox play the White Sox). An hour or so later when my husband and I were down at the bar at Ada's, she sent up about a dozen warm cookies, two in-room movie passes for the our twin boys, and a card to the boys and a card to us.Yes, the room was small for four people. But it was nice and the bath was properly-sized. I don't expect a big room in an older city hotel. As others have stated in their reviews, they do give you ear plugs, but having stayed in the Crowne Plaza UN at 2nd and 42nd in New York many times for business, I know that the ear plugs and lavendar spray are a Crowne Plaza thing and not just because of the proximity to the El.The neighborhood felt completely safe for a family with kids day and night and we were able to walk just about anywhere we wanted to go. Public transport was close by to take us down to U.S. Cellular Field to see the game. Strangers were weirdly (we're from New England) and pleasantly friendly throughout our stay. The only exception was this Madame Mao chick who took control of the taxi line after the game with an iron fist. But she was probably from out of town too.	
Aug 1 2005	Excellent stay at the silversmith	I stayed in a suite on the tenth floor. The room very quiet and spacious and the service was superb. The breakfast that came with the room was very good and the complementary cheesecake was delicious. The hotel is definitely as good as any four star hotel I have stayed in and I highly recommend it.	
Jul 9 2005	Hospitality makes the stay!	I have never stayed at a hotel where I have been treated so nicely, and where the staff is accomodating and genuinely interested in helping you and making sure that you have everything that you need. Form early checkin to directions to wherever we wanted to go, the staff was ready and able to assist. The hotel is very nice, clean, and located close enough to anywhere you want to go. The Chicago experience involves the train and walking through beautiful downtown, and the location of this hotel gives you a chance ot experience the city that way. There are an abundance of local, non-chain restaurants within walking distance so you won't go hungry! The hotel also has its own restaurant that serves a delicious breakfast.	
Jul 9 2005	Awesome experience	For visitors looking for an exciting offbeat vacation, the Silversmith is definitely the of the best hotel options in the city. If you are looking for cookie cutter rooms with bland furnishings, this is not the place for you. However, if you want to stay in the heart of the city, move with the people who live in this great city, this hotel offers a wonderful location and great staff. Several points to some of the other reviews:1) This isn't a Mich Ave hotel. It's in the business district and as such, isn't as touristy a location. However, you get a wonderfully restored, historic building designed by one of the city's master architects. The furnishings are nice and clean and very relaxing. 2) Yes, the el is right in front of the hotel. As in, you can stand on the L platform and see the entryway to the hotel. But this isn't a problem, if you want to go anywhere in the city. It's a great attribute for those people who don't need taxis to get around an urban setting.3) Noise...we stayed on the 8th floor in the back of the building. Despite some noise the first night, no earplugs were needed. The beds are very comfy and the bathrooms are something I could only wish I had at home. The hotel was VERY quite in general, though you can hear the slight noise of the urban setting. 4)This is NOT a bad part of town. I was with two other females and we walked everywhere at all times of the day and night. It's not as glitzy or busy as Michigan Ave, but you certainly don't need to freak out about walking down the street to go to a club or for dinner. Yes, there are a couple of people who work the lobby on the first floor/street level. But they are working, not bouncing the street in front of the building. They are getting luggage, helping customers and generally doing things that people pay huge bucks for in expensive hotels. I never once thought they were guarding the lobby.5) Early check in--- We arrived in the city via the L at 10am. We were helped inside (the doormen could hear us clanking down the steps of the El with our suitcases and were quick to help out). The doorman were excellent, offering a lot of advice for us since we were going to see the &quot;Cubbies&quot;. The receptionist not only gave us an early check in (we'd asked for a place to store our luggage for the game)...but gave us a great room. In fact, I've never been in such a flexible hotel before. They definitely epitomize the word &quot;accomodating&quot;. The staff in this hotel is unreal. When we left, the awesome doorman (one who carried two of our suitcases UP the L stairway when we voiced concerns about them being too heavy) always greeted us and offered umbrellas and advice without hesitation. The concierge was very helpful and so cheerful it was almost like being at cheer camp. But everyone in this hotel was awesome, friendly and helpful. I had a nice time just talking to them about the city and local places to visit/see. In comparison, we were sent to the poshest hotel on Mich Ave to get L passes from their gift shop. After waiting 20 minutes or longer in line at their conceirge desk (just to ask where the gift shop was)...we realized that spending more money on a hotel doesn't mean better service. If I had paid that much for a room and had to wait that long for someone to help me, I'd be mad. You will never wait more than a couple of minutes for anything at this hotel. Overall, this was a great trip. We looked forward to coming back to the room and resting between site seeing. And it's location to the lake front, shopping and museums means that you can go for short trips and the hotel is always just a few blocks away. If you have small children who need naps or just want to dump your shopping and go back out, this is the place to stay.We ate breakfast at Ada's several times. The meals were good and fairly priced, even if the staff seemed less than outgoing at times. But if you are looking for a quick start to the day with a wide option of meals, this is a good place to start.I have to say that I will probably never stay in another hotel while in Chicago. The quirkiness of this place is endearing. And trust me when I say that the best way to wind down from an exciting day is sitting in the lobby at night, munching on cheesecake, sipping the variety of coffees/teas and chatting with fellow guests. An excellent touch with great lighting, a soothing piano and really, a relaxing end to the day.I am a picky traveller and a picky sleeper. The rooms were comfortable and very clean. You can't do much better than this hotel. Trust the ratings and stay here. It was a wonderful urban experience.	
Jul 7 2005	Location Location Location (and a great place too)	We chose the Crowne Plaza Silversmith for 2 main reasons:1) Location: within blocks from Millennium Park, Grant Park, Art Mus., etc. Since the weather was so nice we walked everywhere - Navy Pier, Water Tower, Sears Tower, Aquarium/Field Museum, Theater, etc. Marshall Fields is just blocks away as well as the Red Line subway/EL that takes you to Wrigley Field. EL is right out front that we did use a couple times since so convenient.2) Style: Arts &amp; Craft/Mission style throughout the hotel. Great touches throughout lobby, halls, and into rooms. Bathroom very large w/ marble floors &amp; counters. We had 2 room mini-suite with parlor with separate TV, desk, coffee table and sofa. 12 ft. high ceilings gives added appearance of spaciousness. Our huge windows even had a little view of Lake Michigan. So nice to see the sailboats and tour boats on the water.We tossed around the idea of staying closer to the Magnificent Mile area, but we are glad we didn't. It was nice to be in the heart of downtown, yet so close to the lake front and the parks. The Silversmith is a quaint, historic hotel with top notch staff. We always enjoyed being greeted by the bellmen &amp; doormen whether we were coming or going. We'd definitely recommend this hotel to others and would stay here on our next trip to Chicago.	
Jul 3 2005	Poor location service and facilities	This hotel was located in the downtown core but a long walk or train ride to the main restaurants and attractions on the North side. Service was below par, no flexibility of early checkin or late checkout. Limited lobby bar service offered with poor atmosphere and few drink selections.Lower floor rooms noisy due to proximity of the El train.Rooms clean and well decorated.Attached restaurant Ada's deli does good breakfast, didn't try evening meal. Miller's Bar is a short walk away and does an excellent evening meal (great ribs) for a reasonable price.	
Jun 29 2005 	One of the best Chicago hotels!	Just stayed three nights at this fine, beautifully appointed hotel. Small suite on the 10th floor, wonderful furnishings, nicely served continental breakfast just down the hall. It is a small and perfectly situated hotel in the Loop area, walking distance to the Art Instititute, the new Millennium Park, and much more. It was a safe and busy neighborhood even until midnight, shopping, decent restaurants and theaters nearby.  A lovely lobby and small but excellent fitness center just off the lobby (clean and comfortable, windows out on to the street, treadmills, elliptical trainer and universal wieght machine and more.) Super friendly staff, too. I have stayed in a lot of hotels in Chicago, and this is definitely one of my favorites, for families or business, whatever.	
Jun 19 2005	Truly wonderful	We paid extra for an executive room on the 10th floor. Our room was large with king size bed, lovely addition of a turn-down maid service each night with chocolates left on our pillows. Room was also supplied with earplugs, nightmask, lavendar spray and relaxation CD but only one kit - not that this was a problem. There was two bathrobes provided in the bathroom.We paid the additional rate for the room as included in the rate was continential breakfast - pastries, bagels, cereals, juices, tea/coffee which was supplied on our floor in a small meeting room.We could not see the L train from our room, as we were facing the back so did not have much of a view at all but at the same time we were not bothered by noise.The hotel is within walking distance of the main attractions of Chicago (well we walked to them!) and although not a particularly pleasant sight returning to the hotel at night-time but if you walk a block east, you come out by Grant Park which is wonderful and you do not feel like you are in the same city.We did not use any of the other facilities at the hotel nor did we get chance to sample the free cheesecake (but would have loved to) as we were still out at the time (and it is only served mon-thurs).Would highly recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Jun 9 2005	Wonderful Hotel!	This hotel has recently been completely refurbished, rooms were very new looking and very clean. Beautiful rooms. The views stink, but the noise level was very minimal. I heard more traffic noise when staying at the Radisson last year on a higher floor. Request a room on one of the upper floors. We were on 7, and heard the &quot;L&quot; swoosh by but it wasn't a problem at all. No earplugs were needed. The staff was friendly and very accomadating, especially the door/bell men. Ada's restuarant next door is very reasonably priced. The only complaint was the slow elevators and that is not much to complain about. Oh and no cheesecake on the weekends.....bummer! But overall for the price we paid on the Crowne Plaza website, this was one of the more affordable rooms in the city in June, and we were very satisfied!	
May 24 2005 	Holiday Inn Plus	The bottom line is that this is a Holiday Inn. A little nicer furnishings but basically a Holiday Inn. The biggest issue I have with the hotel is the location. It's right on Wabash and the &quot;L&quot; runs 20 feet away every 3-5 minutes. We had a room in the back which I requested and the &quot;whooshing&quot; sound went on forever. The noise is an annoyance, but not a prohibitive issue. Staff tries hard. All but one young man who works on Sundays and has an attitude. Management probably knows who he is. I won't give his name, but he's slight of build. Couple we were travelling with had a problem with a distinctly moldy smell in the room. They were finally moved, but it took a lot more arguing than it should have. And this was dealing with the manager, not my arrogant friend. Room rates seem to be all over the board on this place. Weekend rates can be reasonable or outrageous. We stayed for three nights. We had three rates and the highest rate was twice the lowest. And you don't get a lot of warm fuzzies walking on Wabash after dark. The hotel insists there's no problems, but they sure have plenty of security in the ground floor entry. In terms of hotel preference, the Silversmith ranks in about the middle of the pack of Chicago hotels.	
Apr 28 2005	Loved it!!	My husband &amp; I visited the Crowne Plaza Silversmith 4/20-4/23 and enjoyed ourselves immensely! We had researched a few options ahead of time and after reading previous Trip Advisor Reviews, decided on the CPS and were not disappointed... The reviews are not too good to be true... it's all factual. I'll breakdown as I can.Location - a block off of Michigan....so conveniently located near the Art Institute &amp; a short cab ride from the Field Museum. In fact, if the weather hadn't been too cold, it would have been just fine to walk, too. Marshall Fields is just a block away.....that building is fantastic (it was not on my husband's &quot;have to see&quot; list but, after doing so, was appreciative since it is a spectacular building with interesting architecture.)Service - EXCELLENT!!! We were assisted with our bags the minute our cab dropped us off and escorted to the lobby area to check in (which just took minutes.) I did need just a few more hangers (but, that is because I over packed) and they were brought up within minutes. The concierge was wonderful. We visited in great length dinner options and she was very helpful with our sight-seeing discussion. The doormen were always most courteous and eager to &quot;fetch a cab&quot; for us, if need be. Service was just wonderful! The Suites - FABULOUS!! We did request a suite above the 5th floor - on the opposite side of the EL. I usually have a difficult time sleeping the first evening in a different location and had NO troubles catching a cat nap and falling into a wonderfully peaceful sleep my first night. The suites were very spacious and with the suite layout, allowed me to catch a few winks more than my &quot;up at the crack of dawn&quot; husband. I generally do not rave about bathrooms, but, these really were spectacular. The beautiful Granite countertops, spacious design with fluffy white robes to use...just wonderful! We enjoyed and appreciated the Relaxation CD.... we were supplied the Lavender linen spray and ear plugs but, neither were necessary. There is a slight &quot;swoosh&quot; noise from the El, but, it did not, in the least bit, cause disruption. The refrigerator was wonderful to store leftovers and bottled water..... The Lobby - LOVELY Mission style room. Not Grand in appearance (in comparison to a Palmer House for example) but, lovely. They had a cheesecake hour I believe at 9:00 M-TH, however, we were always out &amp; about at that time but, it is there for the guests. The fitness center (which we did not use) was adjacent to the lobby and easily accessible, if one so desired. Quiet, Relaxing &amp; Enjoyable area. As I said, previously, just Lovely! Restaurants - Nothing to share, here. We were travelling with others and we did not ever seem to make it to Ada's Deli/Restaurant. However, did make it over (1/2 block away) to the Corner Bakery Cafe for a sandwich a couple of times....what a wonderful lunch or breakfast menu. We went to Miller's Pub one evening for a quick bite....one can't eat heavy, rich foods, every night so.... and Miller's Pub was a fun setting with good burgers ( my husband had a hamburger &amp; I had a turkey burger) and it was exactly what the doctor ordered for us, that day. Trader Vic's was fabulous... a bit pricey but, very good. Now, if you get the opportunity to get over to Greek Town, please go to Costa's.....FABULOUS!!!!! Their menu was tremendous, the food was DELICIOUS, and setting was just FUN &amp; very ENJOYABLE!!Overall, just a fabulous experience at the CPS! We would definitely stay there again. Now, if we could have only brought wonderful weather with us, the trip would have been perfect!!	
Mar 17 2005	Struck gold at the Silversmith	Wonderful room, service, location. I don't know how they perch a hotel right over the L tracks without noise problems, but that is the case. A helpful staff, easy going yet elegant atmosphere, and an overall great bargain. Very reasonable with a terrific concierge.	
Mar 16 2005 	Like a perfect dream.....	Like the others said, I had a bit of trouble finding the hotel, from the views from its website, it appears grand and elaborate, however, the entrance is simple and discreet. I called for directions and the front desk agent stayed on the phone with me and coached me in as I twisted through the city. I was a bit apprehensive about the experience until this moment when they actually spent 10 minutes with me helping me find the hotel. When I finally found the hotel I questioned myself because the entrance is an old drab hallway with 3 elevators. There was nothing else other than the cheery doorman who greeted me as I came in and directed me upstairs to check in. As the elevator opened, I saw the lobby - WOW - a hidden treasure! The room was spectacular - the view wasn't, just a birdseye view of the train, but the service made up for it and more! Remember these names - MICHAEL and PEGGY. These two are remarkable! When you go, you must meet these two people. The train noise is minimal and they give you earplugs and music to help subdue the sound. All in all, outstanding place!	
Mar 9 2005 	Old a bit drab but great location and service	When I checked in, the staff could not be friendlier - they even have a reception at 9pm with FREE cheese cake, coffee and cookies. the rooms are large and they provide nice amenities, but the views are horrible. My room faced a brick wall and my friend's room faced the &quot;L&quot; which was noisy! They do provide earplugs, but if you are not used to sleeping with them you will not be happy.The location is good for business travelers. they gym stinks - an old stairmaster, bike and treadmill - not worth putting on my sneakers. Overall, if you can get a good rate and don't need much, go for it.	
Mar 3 2005	Gorgeous decor kind staff great location for theater	4 adults stayed in a room with 2 &quot;double&quot; beds in mid-January. The beds looked more like queen size. We also had a roll-away so we could spread out a little - no charge. What a pretty mission-style room. And the bathroom was unbelievable...so huge we set-up the ironing board in there for the duration. The room rate was around $120/night. Valet parking (the only option) is $28/day - which is unfortunate but normal for downtown Chicago. Breakfast was not included in our rate. Attended a show at the Shubert and chose this hotel for its proximity to the theater and its lower rates. In the bitter cold we were able to walk to the theater (even grandma!) Also walked to Trader Vic's for dinner and the younger folks walked to the Art Institute. (In better weather, anyone should be able to make the walk.) Walking distance to Marshall Field's - it's basically right next door. There is a restaurant/deli in the same building so you don't even have to go outside. The staff were all really kind and helpful. We felt like the only guests at the hotel. In fact, I didn't hear any noise for 3 days! All rooms have a fridge, CD player, relaxation CD's, linen spray and earplugs - a nice touch. The el-train noise was not noticable. Requested a room above the 5th floor on the recommendation of another reviewer. Good advice! Join the Priority Club to earn points toward a free stay at Holiday Inn, Intercontinental, Crowne Plaza hotels - it's free.	
Mar 3 2005	Quiet Friendly Great Location	After reading a number of reviews of downtown's &quot;budget&quot; hotels on tripadvisor, we decided to splurge a little and go for the Silversmith - and we were not disappointed! Not having stayed in Chicago before, we were pleasantly surprised at how very quiet this hotel is. We took the advice of other reviewers and requested a room away from the El train, and it was just an occasional, 5-second, distant &quot;whoosh&quot; sound. It's nothing compared to the experience of staying in a hotel with an in-room blower! We couldn't even hear sounds from the street - It was amazingly quiet for being right downtown. That downtown location was equidistant from everything we wanted to see &amp; do - It's just a couple blocks from the Art Institute, Millenium Park (note that the Cloud Gate is under construction until spring), and the absolutely wonderful Berghoff restaurant. The room itself was super clean, well-appointed, nice high ceilings/windows, big bathroom, and comfy bed with lots of pillows. The hotel staff were all very courteous and friendly - When we mentioned to the front desk attendant that we would be stopping at the Museum of Science &amp; Industry on our way out of town, he gave us a pair of free passes that he happened to have that day! We found the hotel &amp; the city very accessible, with a nice, hometown feel that you don't find in places like NYC. The attached restaurant, Ada's, was also very good and reasonably priced, with great service. Try the potato pancakes! Overall an excellent experience.	
Jan 26 2005	Great value great staff - outstanding!	We stayed at the Silversmith for 5 days last September, based largely on recommendations from other TripAdvisor users. We owe them a debt of gratitude! The Silversmith is a lovely, well-appointed hotel with great staff. It's decorated in a turn-of-the-20th century Arts and Crafts manner, rather more interesting than the bland &quot;corporate modern&quot; decor of many hotels. It's in a very convenient location - we were able to walk to many attractions - Grant Park, the lakefront, the Art Institute and Michigan Avenue are all within a short walk, as is State Street shopping. And the train stations are very close as well, meaning you can get anywhere (even O'Hare!) in good order, and cheaply. I think we took a cab once in five days.The staff is very helpful without being obsequious, happy to assist with any questions or needs you have. Perfect. The continental breakfast (incl. with our room) was wonderful, the evening dessert buffet was lovely, the bed was ultra-comfortable, the bathroom was *very* large, and...what else can I say? A+	
Jan 25 2005	Comfortable quiet friendly. Lousy window view.	My husband and I stayed one night on Saturday Jan 22 and were very satisfied with the Silversmith. The personnel were fantastic - very friendly. The woman who staffed the little desk in front of the door went way out of her way when our taxi didn't arrive on time to take us to the airport. She actually went out in the snow on a COLD Sunday morning to grab us a taxi waiting at another hotel around the corner at 5AM. The rest of the staff was also very cordial. Our remote wasn't working properly, and they had a new one to us within a couple minutes of my call. The woman who brought it waited outside our door until I verified it worked and came back out to let her know. The doorman was all smiles and cheer too.The room was on the 8th floor (nice), but had a view of brick walls (what a shame). MOST importantly, it was VERY comfortable, and quiet. We didn't like the lavendar linen spray, but did play the relaxation CD which was nice. The fridge was handy for leftovers, though a microwave would have been nice for the late night snack.The location was great for us - a great middle stop for hiking to the sights we wanted to visit to both the north and south.	
Jan 25 2005	reviews are true	We went to Chicago the week of January 17th to visit family. I chose this hotel because of the reviews on trip advisor. We were travelling with our 17 month old son and so it was very important to us to find a hotel that had suites and was also affordable. This hotel was perfect. The room was large and had a separate bedroom. It also had a refrigerator in the room which was very convenient. We asked for a room on the opposite side from the train and it was very quiet. Still had some train noise, but unless you are extremely sensitive to noise it was hardly noticeable. Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and comfortable. We ended up staying an extra day and they gave us a reduced rate for the extra night. Only negative to this hotel is location. Because it was so cold we took a taxi everywhere we went. It is off the beaten track, but still close enough to walk if the weather is warmer. Most of our taxi fares were under $8.00. All in all a great hotel.	
Jan 8 2005	Great New Year's stay	My sister, nephew, &amp; I stayed at this hotel over New Year's Eve. We got a great rate for both the night before &amp; New Year's Eve by booking on Crowne Plaza's website in advance. The hotel is several blocks away from Shubert theatre where we had tickets to a show. The location is great. We drove in from the Detroit area and had a hard time finding the hotel. Look closely, because the only part of the hotel at street level is the front door. Once we found it we had a great stay. The front desk staff were very helpful and pleasant. The concierge, Peggy, was a delight. The room was big enough for the three of us, and we appreciated the relaxation CD since we were just above the train (on the 5th floor). Although you could hear it, the noise was not that loud. The room was very clean and well appointed. It had the largest safe I've ever had in a hotel. One note--if you plan to use the sofa bed, let them know when you check in. Although they had turndown service, they did not pull out the sofa bed for my nephew. When we pulled it out, we found it did not have linens on it. We called the front desk and they told us you need to inform them if you want to use the sofa bed. When we checked in they knew we were 2 adult women and one large 16 year old boy--I felt they should have known that we would not all fit in 1 king size bed. That was the only hiccup in a great stay. Oh, Ada's Deli in the hotel has the best potato chips if you like your chips well-done (not quite burnt). They make them there. Be sure to stock up.	
Jan 4 2005	Crown Plaza Silversmith a true gem!	What a great hotel for a downtown location. Marshall Fields is a block away! The service at this hotel was great! We had made modifications to our reservations and had no problems whatsoever! We had a suite on the 8th floor. Huge bathroom (with terry robes!). Pull-out couch for the son, and a wonderful king bed in a seperate room for mom and dad! Coffee maker, fridge, and turn-down service with mints! We highly recommend using the concierge. She had some great tips for us as well as having connections for quick seating at the Walnut Room (even during the holidays!).We requested a room opposite the train system - and it was very quiet. However, they provided a set of earplugs if needed, along with a CD to help you sleep.For a downtown location - we would definitely go back!	
Jan 2 2005	A Vacation Highlight	This hotel was wonderful -- it became a highlight of our short vacation in Chicago. We had a suite on the 5th floor - with an interesting view of the El and Wabash Street. Yes, there is some noise from the El, but the windows are well insulated, and the suite contained earplugs, lavender linen spray, and a relaxation CD -- all of which helped us to forget the noise and just enjoy the room. Great location and wonderful service. Well recommended!	
Dec 29 2004 	Great Hotel	I stayed here a few months ago. Had to be in town on business short notice initially could only get into the SuisseHotel which was nice but extremely pricey. I managed to get into the Silversmith by virtue of being platinum with Priority Club. I was not upgraded as the hotel was extremely full at the time however I was given access to the club lounge for free breakfast etc if I wanted it (unfortunately was also working a wierd hours shift and don't think I ever at a breakfast while in town). The doormen are all extremely friendly helping with getting your bags from cabs and saying hi and it seems like they mean it as well when you walk in and out of the hotel. The front desk manager was extremely nice and very accomodating with any requests that I had. They even went as far as letting me use their office PC's when I could not get their business center PC's to print out my boarding pass. The restaurant downstairs is nothing spectacular just good normal American type food (I personally liked it as I like being able to get something that looks regular when I'm in a rush). The room was not very large however the hotel is an old remodeled building that has these 12' ceilings so it gives the impression that the room is huge regardless of the square footage. I plan on staying there again if sent to the Windy City for business and hope to take my wife there someday if we go on vacation to Chicago.	
Nov 28 2004	What a GREAT Hotel 	I initially made our Chicago reservations at the Hotel Allegro, but after reading all the negative reviews regarding noise level between rooms, I made reservations with the Chicago Silversmith. We visited Chicago Nov 20-25 for vacation. The reviews were right on the mark -- this place is a FANTASTIC find!! I called prior to our arrival and asked for a room on the fifth floor or higher -- due to the noise level of the El train. When we arrived at 10:00 am, we were given a suite on the 10th floor, Club Level. Our suite was huge with wonderful big windows and mission style furniture (our favorite). This is a perfect hotel for families. There were three of us. Mom &amp; Dad in the bedroom and child in the living room (queen sleeper sofa). The bathroom was also huge. Our $153 rate included continental breakfast that was located a couple doors down from our room. It was staffed by a Silversmith employee. She prepared our coffee and any items we wanted heated or toasted. We also had the opportunity to use the Concierge (Peggy) several times. She was very knowledgeable and friendly. The entire hotel staff was top notch. The location of this hotel is perfect. There are plenty of great places to eat (the Berghoff is one of our favorites) and lots of museums and shopping. The Art Institute is just a couple of blocks away. We also walked to the Field Museum and to the north end of Michigan Ave to the John Hancock Building. We rode the El (right outside our door) to visit Oak Park -- home of Frank Lloyd Wright. We will definitely recommend the Silversmith to our friends and hope to stay again in the near future.	
Nov 17 2004 	I just pray they don't jack up their rates like everyone else!!!	This hotel is, in a word, superb. As a party of four, we rented a King Suite, which is a king size bed plus a fold-out queen size couch bed. My wife and I slept on the latter and it was very comfortable--no bar in the back syndrome. The couple who got the bed raved at its comfort. The bathroom was huge, and the shower terrific. Even though our room faced Wabash and thus the train, while it could be heard going by the windows were insulated well enough that it wasn't too much of a disturbance. The style and cleanliness of the hotel were excellent. The service and staff were wonderful. Also, the hotel doesn't nickel and dime you to death for every amenity you desire. I will definitely stay here every time I go to Chicago unless they, like every other great place I find, start jacking up their rates. Our suite was $136 + tax per night, and we were 100% satisfied. Please keep rates reasonable and we will keep coming back!!!	
Nov 16 2004	A Wonderful Place to Stay	We just had a great weekend in Chicago and stayed at the Silversmith for three nights. My first clue this would be a restful retreat was the understated entrance to the hotel. Simply a door off Wabash Ave. that leads to the elevators for the hotel located in one of Chicago's historic buildings. The room was beautiful, muted colors, very comfortable bed and sofa. A huge bathroom with separate tub and shower. Incredible tall thin windows with not much of a view but...Perfect Perfect Perfect. Yes, we could hear the trains going by but we just pretended it was the North Wind.The location was excellent for what we had in mind. Close to Trader Vic's at the Palmer House, Millenium Park, the Art Institute, Marshall Fields window displays, shopping, food. We walked everywhere we needed to go. Never felt the need to take the train. Paid $28 per night for valet parking and well worth it to us. Just knowing we could have the car whenever we wanted was great...even though we never needed it.Walked to Sears Tower, walked to John Hancock, all from this centrally located hotel.Plus there is an excellent deli located on the bottom floor where the Rueben's are to die for.Give this hotel a shot and you will be assured of stress-free stay.	
Nov 2 2004	Good value for the $	Very nice, clean hotel that must have been recently renovated. Great location, exception for being right next to the L train (very loud). That's the biggest negative. Other than that, excellent service. Paid $171/night for a suite on the concierge level. Well worth the money.	
Nov 2 2004	Once again-A1 Service!!	I stayed at the Crowne Plaza-Silversmith a year ago and had excellent service that I decided to take my girlfriend with me this past weekend. My girlfriends absolutely loved it!! The staff was very professional and helpful. Our rooms where very clean and roomy. Many hotels in Chicago have very small rooms but ours where a good size. The front desk was very friendly. It is located by all of the major shopping stores, so we walked instead of being bother with traffic. I have nothing bad to say about Crowne Plaza-Silversmith. This is the only place I will stay!!	
Oct 20 2004	a gem under the el tracks	The Silversmith is quite the find. It's a small, boutique-ish hotel in the loop, right next to the Madison El station and a little over a block from the grand old Marshall Field's store.The lobby is small and elegant, decorated in traditional furniture. The traditional look continues in the rooms, which are large with huge TVs in armoires, CD player-clocks and other niceties. The bathrooms are also big, with plenty of fluffy towels.But it's the service that really sets this place apart. The doormen are the absolute best, greeting you every time you enter and literally breaking their necks to help you with bags. Also, there's turn down service, a little sleeping aid bag with an eyemask and CD, and even a call from the front desk after you've checked in.The Loop location isn't the most lively on nights and weekends, but the Silversmith is in a great spot. You can literally walk out the front door and up the stairs of the El station (Brown, Green, Purple and Orange lines). The red line is a block away on State Street, and another block over is the Blue Line to O'Hare. The hotel is also within easy walking distance of Millenium Park and the museums, or even the Mag Mile on a decent day. (Save the shoe leather and take the red line up to Chicago for the Mag Mile tho).With rates that haven't gone bonzo like many Chicago hotels, the Silversmith is a jewel. I can't say enough good things about this place!	
Oct 3 2004	Crowne Plaza Silversmith - Great Price Great Place	After weeks of searching for the best hotel to stay at in Chicago along with the best price I followed the advice of other reviews from Trip Advisor and I was not disappointed at all. The Crowne Plaza Silversmith was a wonderful place to stay. Not only was the location convienient to many Chicago attractions, the staff was outstanding. My family and I were treated like royalty. The hotel staff were professional, personable and are willing to do whatever it takes to make your stay comfortable. The hotel is immaculate, everything was clean and in perfect condition from the lobby to the hotel rooms. The decor is tastefully done and well maintained. We had a suite and it was very roomy and comfortable, we felt at home in this room. The beds and bedding are very plush and cozy. They even provide you with a music CD to help you sleep. The bathroom was very nice and large. Best of all the price was very reasonable compared to other hotels in the area. The one and only complaint I have is that the hotel is located next to the Loop and depending where your room is located you can hear a faint sound of the train. I followed other travelers suggestions and requested a room on an upper floor not facing the loop and it was fine. Also, we took the blue line train from the airport for $1.75 each and it stopped about 2 blocks from the hotel which saved us about $50.00 in cab fare. All our luggage has wheels so it wasn't a problem walking from the train station. I felt we got a great value, outstanding service and a perfect location convienient to shopping, restaurants and attractions. I highly recommend this hotel, you won't be disappointed!	
Sep 11 2004	Great Service/Great Hotel	We just returned from a four night stay at the Silversmith, which I booked largely based on recommendations from TripAdvisor users. We were very impressed. The hotel had a lovely lobby and great rooms: large(!), clean, with stylish/comfortable furnishings, and roomy window seats and sills (which the kids loved). The staff was super friendly and accomodating. The hotel is about 2 blocks from the new Millennium Park, which was a big hit! A longer but nice walk from the hotel to the museum campus and a quick cab ride to other sites, like Lincoln Park Zoo and MOSI. For a family, the location was great: right near a CVS pharmacy, a Corner Bakery cafe, and a White Hen convenience store. It's also right next to the El (or the flying train, according to my daughter), but there was no real noise. Security was nice, too--you need a room key to access all floors but the lobby. I would definitely recommend the Silversmith.	
Aug 30 2004	A wonderful place for families	Just returned from a comfortable stay at the Crowne Plaza Silversmith. The location was exceptionally convenient, the staff was attentive and friendly, and the room was spotless. The blue line from O'Hare is 2 blocks away, all other lines are either out the front door or 1 black away, and there's a free green trolley(to the Aquarium) stop about 2 blocks away. Our executive floor room well-suited our family's needs with a large granite bathroom, a small breakfast buffet, and a refrigerator. In the lounge, available to all guests is a basket of apples and oranges, morning coffee, and on Monday-Thurs. there is evening dessert. The decor is tasteful and understated. Our only complaint was that our room faced a tall brick wall, so that we had no view, and the natural lighting was limited. But really, we weren't in the room much, so it wasn't a big deal. We would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 14 2004 	Great hotel great location	I had a good experience in August at The Crowne Plaza Silversmith. I got a deal through their website and a further discounted rate on the weekend for the concierge floor. The only real extra, besides needing your key card to access the floor, is a free breakfast buffet of the usual pastries, cereal, yogurt, fruit and coffee served on the floor. There is a micro and toaster you can use during breakfast in the floors lounge. High speed wired internet also.The hotel is right in front of the &quot;L&quot; subway trains, which are noisy and run regularly. Thankfully the hotel has excellent windows that do a good job of muting almost all the sound. The hotel is done in a mission style with lots of oak and architectural accents. Perfect if you're on a Frank Lloyd Wright-themed trip.The rooms are high-ceilinged and large with big windows. The site said the last renovation was in 1998, but it has held up well. The only blemish was an older shower head that wasn't as powerful as I would have liked.Location is excellent - one block from Grant park, the bandshell, Art Institute, Marshall Fields and other shopping. Also within 2 blocks of the L trains for Midway and O'Hare airports. The deli/restaurant downstairs is open late, has a wide variety of food from premium hotdogs to giant sandwiches to steak. The desserts and their own root beer are excellent.All in all a great hotel - worth the money.	
Jul 27 2004 	Great stay	We had a wonderful time at this hotel. The staff was pleasant and the concierge was so very helpful in finding restaurants that really gave us a feel for Chicago's cuisine. The hotel had nightly turn down service and every staffmember we saw in the halls or anywhere in the hotel, greeted us and welcomed us back when we returned for the night. It's in the Loop district and within walking distance to the parks, art museum, Buckingham Fountain and shopping as well. Very clean.	
Jul 1 2004	Wonderful comfortable stay!		
Jun 25 2004 	Loved it		
Jun 14 2004	We loved it!		
May 29 2004	Friendly Staff Beautiful Room		
Feb 4 2004 	Absolutely wonderful hotel		
Dec 5 2003	Our second stay at the Silversmith		
Oct 2 2003	Absolutely Fabulous!!!		
Aug 13 2003	Great hotel		
Jul 15 2003	Enjoyed my stay at the Silversmith		
Jun 23 2003	Hidden Jewel		
Jun 23 2009 	?????????		
Apr 3 2006	Veramente bello!		
