	hotel and a lot of history	hilton downtown, it has a lot of history, and a few film have been made here, when it was build it was the largest hotel in the world ,it was called the stevens.	
Nov 17 2009 	Good Hotel Clean and quiet	I look for hotels that are cleand and quiet, and this one fits the bill. Roomsare well appointed, bed is comfortable. Somefood options about 3blocks up the street. Parking behind the hotel for $25 per day.I have stayed here before and will stay her again.	
Nov 16 2009 	Good overall but weak on little things	I was just at the Hilton for four days for a Conference. I always roommate with a friend, and this is my first experience with having two bathrooms, and two closets. That makes a lot of things easier! The room was large and clean and the beds very comfortable. The towels were large and wonderfully plush. I thought the service was good and the staff very pleasant. Now the little things that seemed so odd: I drink tea. I used up the two tea bags provided in the room on the first day, and they were never replaced, though the cups were regularly replaced. Fortunately I bring along some tea myself, so it wasn't a hardship but an interesting oversight. There are only two lamps in the room -- one over the desk and one between the beds. They were barely sufficient for a room that size. Also, there was no way one of us could have stayed up to read, etc., without the bedside light disturbing the other person. Finally, whoever got the idea that elevators need televisions in them should be fired. If there must be televisions, at least turn them down! I was there for the National Communication Association - 6000 of us. We talk to each other, even in elevators -- especially in elevators! In every elevator, the sound on the television was so loud you had to raise your voice to talk. By some coincidence, on the last day every time I got in the elevator a commercial (yes, a commercial!) for some kind of welding service was running, backed by heavy metal-style music. A woman got on the elevator and asked, alarmed, &quot;Is this a new style of elevator music?&quot; If only......	
Nov 14 2009 	What a downhill turn this once great hotel has taken	Listen folks, if you compare to the holiday inn, wow what a great stay I had. But this is the Chicago Hilton. It is known for its grandeur and it service, and you pay for it! What a disappointment for me!I have stayed at the Chicago Hilton several times before this stay. When I was a young girl, this place was like a palace to me. Perhaps I have become more critical as I aged, but I was GREATLY disappointed in my stay. First of all, when I stay at an alleged 4 star hotel, I expcet 4 star hotel service. I am currently pregnant, so travelling around and going here and there is diffucult. I was depending on service in order to make my stay a pleasant one. First of all, I called ahaed to ask for bottled water to be stocked in my room. Nothing fancy, just could I have 4-6 bottles of water waiting in my room for me. After being passed to FOUR different people and 15 minutes later, I was told I could order it when I arrived. UGH!When I arrived at the hotel, I stood in line for a long time. When it is my turn it takes a much longer time than usual to check me in. Why? My room apparently does not have heat!!!! So, they decide they are just going to put me in a smoking room!!!! Hello, could you look at me for 2 seconds, recognize my enourmous buddha belly, and realize that a smoking room will DEFINITELY NOT work out for me. I decided to point out that 1. I am pregnant, 2. The smell alone will make me vomit my entire stay, 3. I am asthmatic, and could DIE from the person next door smoking, 4. I would rather not subject my unborn child to 2nd hand smoke. 20 minutes later the FINALLY find me a room with heat and non smoking. Could they have offered me a seat or something? NO! I am standing there, pregnant, with my luggage . . . and NOTHING!I get to my room and it is a double, not a single, and I know have 2 beds, 2 bathrooms, and 0 luxurious robes they used to provide. They are now $40!!!!!! Later that evening, after dinner and theater, I returned to find I had forgotten my contact solution. EEK! now, at a typical hotel I would be SOL, but this is the chicago hilton. Last 4 star hotel I stayed in just picked me some up from a local store and charged me an arm and a leg. I called to the front desk and was told the gift shop had some, but they were closed (well thanks for the information???), and there was a 7-11 3 blocks away that had some. I am PREGNANT people!! No way am I walking 3 blocks in downtown chicago in the middle of the night for contact solution. Asked if there was ANY way they could assit me, afer I explained that i was pregnant. Nope, not a thing they could do. Time after time, nothing they could do was their response. Other 4 star hotels answer is ALWAYS YES with a price. :-) On an added note, a friend said her room was terrible (I looked--it was--dirty, old, icky!!), the towels were not something I would use as my regular towels in my home, much less my guest towels, and the shower was low pressure.Overall, I would say if you are going to spend the big bucks for a hotel stay---go with the 4 seasons-- if you want cheaper, stay at the radisson downtown which has MUCH better service for LESS cost. Too bad . . . used to be the most wonderful hotel in chicago . . . now I am suggesting the radisson over it. Also, the gym is wonderful but will cost you $20 extra a day!	
Nov 11 2009 	Do not stay here if you are in a wheelchair	I was at the Hilton with my wife who is in a wheelchair, and we found the property (and to be honest most of Chicago) to be very unfriendly to the handicapped. The front entrance to Michigan Ave is not handicapped door equipped despite have two revolving doors and at least 10 others. Very disappointing for a Hilton property where we paid about $300.00 a night to stay. If we were staying more than the 3 nights, and the cancellation policy wasn't so poor.we would have switched to another hotel. The entrance doors are heavy and to close together to have a wheelchair between them so you cannot even open the double door entrances one at a time. As such my wife was hit twice in the face by the door despite having friends help to open the doors as the wind blowing made the doors so heavy people would lose their grip, My wife travels independently throughout the nation approximately 80-100 nights a year for her employer, and she would rate this property one of the worse in the nation just for the front entrance. Other than the poor entrance the hotel itself is very grand and once inside is very nice to go back in time and enjoy the elegance of the common areas. We were on the 24th floor which is their &quot;executive floor. Unfortunately any Embassy Suite has better food and selections than what we were offered. Poor quality wine was $8.50 a glass. In fact the last Americann Inn we stayed in Park Rapids, MN had a better breakfast. Of course you could order the two eggs, hash browns, bacon and toast with juice at the hotel restaurant for $76.00 for 3 people???? Yes very spendy and not inspired in the least. Of course for just under $300.00 a night you would expect free Wi-fi internet, but no that would be another $20.00 so I was glad I had my verizon card. I guess you can tell I was not impressed other than the old Chicago feel the property had. Anyone with a disability should think twice before even getting in the front door. It will make a difference in choosing a Hilton property again. I almost forgot if you are not on the lakeside you can count on hearing the elevated train go by every 8 minutes like we did on the otherside of the property. It made a conference call very difficult.	
Nov 9 2009	This hotel got madd elevators .	This hotel has so many elevators you would have to switch elevators to go to a high floor.	
Oct 28 2009 	Second Stay was Better	This was my second time to stay at the Hilton Chicago, and this experience was more pleasant than my first. (Note: My first experience was not unpleasant.) This hotel is historical, so don't expect a modernized Hilton. Do expect modern electronics, however. My room was clean. The walls were as thin as the Hilton hotel walls tend to be, but I didn't experience any street/city noise. The convenient to McCormick Place, but it's a bit of a walk to the main tourist attractions. This is not a complaint, though, as it's a quick cab ride to any of the main attractions. The hotel restaurants are nothing to write home about, but they are decent. Expect the hotel to be very busy because it is large and can accommodate many people. Also, don't be surprised to share the hotel with conference attendees, who may be attending a conference in the Hilton or at McCormick Place.	
Oct 19 2009 	Fantastic Location! Hotel needs a renovation!	We traveled to Chicago for ACS meeting this past weekend. We decided to bring our children along to explore the beautiful city of Chicago. This weekend was also the marathon so the hotel was at capacity. Overall, the location is absolutely perfect with kids. The hotel was understaffed and needs a major renovation. We did stay in a &quot;suite&quot;, but all it had was some sort of a bar, and a little more room. The view of the lake was amazing. The location made all of Chicago's attraction so convienient, that it was worth it. My husband was upset that internet was not free for the $400 plus per night price tag...	
Oct 19 2009 	Classic and Grand	We had a lovely stay at the Chicago Hilton. We arrived early and they were able to accommodate an early check in at 10:30 am, plus we received a free upgrade to a room with two bathrooms and a large walk-in closet. The room was very clean, the linens were luxurious and the soaps were of a high quality. I have stayed in many nice hotels and I would have to put this one high on my list. I did not feel the hotel needed upgrading. It has a very classical feel of high quality and grand ambiance. The room did have an old fashioned TV, but we weren't in Chicago to watch TV. If I has one complaint, the room was a bit too warm.	
Oct 14 2009 	Needs renovation	Classy old hotel with a lot of history. Friendly staff. Rooms are bigger than typical hotels but in need of renovation. Clean though but decor is somewhat depressing colors. I even had problems with my lock and TV. Both fixed on time. Safe area but there is nothing around it. The hilton is not on the main part of Michigan Avenue with all the stores and shops. Right across from Grant Park. A bit of distance from closest CTA station so dont necessary recommend taking the metro from OHare.I was here for a meeting. IF I had to come back with family, would stay at another Hilton somewhere in the middle of touristy areas. But if you had to stay here, it is a very nice hotel	
Oct 10 2009 	Very Satisfied With This Hotel	My wife and I were here for only one night so did not take advantage of any of the amenities in the building. We found our room quite comfortable, clean. and well-maintained. We heard some street noise but there was no sound from adjacent rooms or the hallway.The only problem was that the clock radio was set for an hour earlier and we didn't notice until morning. Apparently it never got set ahead for Daylight Saving Time last spring (this is October). And I could see why--I could not figure out how to change the time and most likely no one else could either. As is the case with center-city hotels, extras are not free. You pay for parking, internet service, breakfast, etc. Visitors should be prepared for this. Also, expect to pay extra if you want a view because most rooms are going to face other buildings. And expect big city noise: sirens, garbage trucks, etc.	
Oct 9 2009 	Superb service	Superb service began the moment I arrived. Check-in was quick and painless. I won the room on priceline for $75. To my surprise, I was awarded a room with not only two double beds, but also two full bathrooms, on the 21st floor! A refrigerator was delivered very quickly at no charge. The bed was extremely comfortable and linens were supplied in abundance. My only complaint is that the thermostat in the room seemed to be broken, and it was chilly. A call to the front desk resulted in 2 blankets being delivered in short order. A mainenance man seemed to fix the thermostat so that the number on the box seemed to match the temperature in the room. The fan still blew cool air, however. The room temperature never did get above 71 degrees, and would be acceptable to most. Turning off the fan and using the extra blanket seemed to do the trick. I noticed the bathrooms were comfortably warm. The location is convenient to Millenium Park, Grant Park, and Buckingham Fountain, but a bit far from most nightlife. Overall, I had a great experience!	
Oct 8 2009 	Good hotel	Very nice hotel, the price paid was a bit higher (but you get what you pay for, right?)	
Oct 8 2009 	Good service for such a busy hotel.	We stayed at the HIlton Chicago for the weekend of the Chicago Triathlon and were quite pleased with the services despite the fact that the hotel was fully booked with nervous triathletes AND wedding participants. Staff and front desk were VERY accomodating. Our rooms, with a view of the lake were just what we wanted. We've stayed at the Hilton for several years and enjoy the proximity to the race and local attrations.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Place to stay	This is a great place to stay. we stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and it was really good. we enjoyed the place.	
Oct 8 2009 	A great hotel for a conference	Attended a customer conference here in August 2009 and I was very impressed with this hotel. Having attended this same customer conference at different venues in prior years, I have to say that the hotel/conference experience was the best at the Hilton Chicago. It is a charming hotel with beautiful rooms. The ballroom is amazing. The conference space is well laid out and you don't have to hike really far to get from one conference gathering to another. The location is wonderful. You just can't beat being able to walk out the front of the hotel and be in the park and then within a short walk of Lake Michigan. I did have trouble with the first two rooms smelling very strongly of smoke. They changed my room, but for all the trouble, I wish they would have offered to upgrade me -- at least to a lake view! The food served was delicious -- especially for a conference.	
Oct 8 2009 	So disappointing!!	I was really looking forward to stay at “The Hilton” in Chicago right in front of Grant Park overlooking Lake Michigan.Boy! I was so disappointed … The room carpet was dirty, the TV broken, the bathroom old and leaky. We paid over two hundred dollars a night for a hotel that charges 20 more for the Internet, 6 dollars for a bottle of water and over 20 for parking!!The room service &quot;added&quot; charges were obscene!! and the menu unappealing.One of my colleagues got a room without temperature control, and when the breakfast he ordered from room service Monday was still outside his room on Thursday!!!The service was regular at best, I will definitely not going back to the “Hilton” Chicago.	
Sep 24 2009 	Palatial!	This was our first hotel in the US (at the start of our Route 66 tour) and had been pre-booked in the UK. It was expensive (it is far cheaper to book whilst in the States than from the UK). Parking was on site, a multi-storey affair, but extremely expensive - about $49 for 24 hours. The overall feel of the hotel was good, but it is huge and somewhat tired - you wouldn't call it cosy. Our room was big and we had two bathrooms (first time ever!!) which we thought was rather excessive, but actually enjoyed having!! Not particulary great views from our room, and we had one of the better ones. As the hotel dates from 1920s (?) it had elegance and beauty, but the hotel is very big and it does need a bit of updating. On saying that, we really enjoyed staying there and it is in a good position to walk to the Sears Tower (which is now the Willis Tower) and to a lot of attractions. We didn't need to use our car whilst staying in Chicago. Staff were helpful. Didn't eat breakfast there - too expensive. If you turn to the left when exiting from main entrance, you can find places to eat not too far away. (Unfortunately on our first night we turned the other way and couldn't find anything and we were tired and hungry!!)Chicago was fantastic; the skyline incredible. Worth going up the tower and having a trip on the river / lake.We bought a sat-nav to help us find our way around and we are glad that we did. It was as cheap to buy one as to hire one. It was the start of Route 66 and we did struggle to find the beginning and ended up just getting out of the city and picking up the route at Joliet! Doh!	
Sep 23 2009 	Great Location.	We stayed at the Hilton Chicago for our first night on our Route 66 trip. You could tell from the fittings and fixtures that this was a hotel designed and built during a grand era. Rooms were spacious (we had 2 bathrooms in ours on the 24th floor). Hotel was in a great location close to the lake and ideal for the start of Route 66. Parking was expensive but that is usually the case for prime big city locations.	
Sep 21 2009 	Luxurious Stay in a Great Location	We spent four nights at the Hilton while on a business trip. We took the Orange Line from Midway Airport, and it is five blocks or so to schlep your luggage. Check-in was fast and friendly, and we quickly arrived at our room on the 20th floor. We were upgraded to a king bed with two bathrooms. It was probably the largest room I have ever stayed in, and we will be forever spoiled by having two bathrooms. One bathroom was quite large and the other was an average size for a hotel. The water in the showers was hot and plentiful, and the towels were large and fluffy. For the most part the room was pretty quiet, with only the occasional water noise being heard. EXCEPT - the El train is only about a block away. You will hear it in your room, especially if you are on the back side of the hotel. The hotel elevators are plentiful and quick, so we never had to wait long despite the conventions being held in the building. We did not eat at the Hilton, but we did enjoy drinks and some wonderful Irish music at the hotel's restaurant/bar, Kitty O'Sheas. This is a beautiful hotel, and we found the location convenient for walking to the nearby parks and attractions. Biggest beef? The charge for internet service is ridiculous - anywhere from $14.99-$19.99 per 24 hour time period depending on the speed you desire. And be aware that the charge is per computer. My husband and I both had our laptops, but only the one who signed up for the service can use it. I can't believe you can buy a dollar cup of coffee at McDonalds and use the internet for free, but you can't have free internet when you pay over $200 per night for a hotel room. It's robbery!	
Sep 13 2009 	Some Disappointments But Better Than Average	My husband and I spent a long weekend in Chicago, and booked a room at the Hilton at the recommendation of a friend. We were lucky to get a deal online that included discounted self-parking; otherwise, I think we would have kept looking elsewhere for a better price.The staff was friendly and professional and got us checked in quickly, letting us know that if we wanted a lakeside room (as I had mentioned in my online reservation request), it would cost an additional $25 per night. I passed on the lakeside room, as it would have essentially negated our parking discount. As it was, we got a south-facing room on the 11th floor with a view of the Essex hotel next door: which is to say, absolutely no view at all. Other minor disappointments included a lack of a refrigerator, a small bathroom, and neighboring toilet-flushes / waterpipe noise loud enough to wake us at night. Also, we would have enjoyed winding down at night with some television, except that our favorite cable channels (Food Network, Travel Channel, Discovery, other &quot;geek channels&quot;) weren't available at the Hilton.On the plus side, the bed was comfortable, the AC had a digital thermostat (and the cleaning staff didn't readjust the temperature, which was appreciated), and the halls were relatively quiet. The elevators to the 11th floor were quick, and each had a tiny television showing CNN. We stopped into Kitty O'Shea's on Saturday and Sunday night for dessert and drinks. The live Irish duo Saturday night added to the ambiance, which we enjoyed.The hotel is relatively close to public transportation -- in particular, the Harrison exit for the Red Line. My husband and I didn't feel uncomfortable walking around the neighborhood at night, whether to get back from the train station or to just wander around and enjoy the city.Overall, this was a pleasant enough stay, but I think we'll look for something a little more personal and less pricey next time, even if it means staying a few stops outside of downtown.	
Sep 9 2009 	Good Value for Location	Our family spent a long weekend at this premium hotel. It is a beautiful historic hotel with staff that is professional and helpful. Our partial lake view room had two full baths. For our family of four, two &quot;historic sized&quot; baths were far better than having one large modern bath. Overall the room was clean and well maintained.We chose not to eat at the hotel, though there was a Starbucks nearby, there were very few other places to eat within walking distance. There is also a good size lap pool which we enjoyed as well.We used transit systems as our primary means of transportation. The Harrison (red-line) red-line station was a block behind the hotel and provided quick access to downtown. We also appreciated the express bus (CTA #10) to the Hyde Park attractions that left from across the street. To get to the Harrison station you will pass a college dorm so you may come across students being students. Another option is to catch a bus (CTA #3) to downtown from across the street.We found the people (and students) of Chicago to be very friendly and willing to offer advice and directions. We look forward to our visit to Chicago.	
Sep 6 2009 	Nice hotel but money-grabbing	We stayed here for three nights before we started our Route 66 Road Trip.Upon arrival at the hotel the self parking is blocked off so I ask a jumped up bell boy with a stupid hat if I can park as I have a reservation, the very rude chap virtually barks at me that it is full and have to use concierge parking, I don’t like concierge parking as not only is it over priced $53 per day in this case, I am not lazy and am able to drive into a car park myself. When I pull up to the concierge I ask if I can do self parking and he says ok, no problem. The jumped up bell boy then shouts at the guy and says it is concierge only and really talks down to him. So I have to hand over my keys and pay the scandalous fee. It was blatant that there was room in self parking and this was just another way of squeezing money out of their customers, as all the reviews on trip advisor states.Check in was swift and they upgraded my room because I am a Hilton HHonors member. Room was nice with comfortable beds, two bathrooms, plenty of closet space and clean. We even got vouchers to get complementary bottled water.The hotel is in a great location right on Michigan Avenue and a few minutes walk from the Millennium Park.If it wasn’t for the unpleasant experience during arrival I would have given this hotel a higher rating.	
Aug 30 2009 	Nothing special...	I stayed here for one night. Check in/out was fast as I belong to Hilton Honors Club, which I'd recommend just to make checking in/out less of a hassle. We had a room on a high floor that faced west, there isn't much to see that far south on Michigan Ave unless you are facing east towards the lake. The room had two queen beds and two bathrooms. Neither bathroom was big enough to swing a cat in... and both were dated and showed signs of wear and tear with peeling wall paper, dull stained sinks and tarnished fixtures. We didn't eat in the hotel so can't comment on that area. We did use the indoor pool and it was fine.The location is a little bit too far south and out of the way for some sightseeing. It is very close to the Art Institute and Milleninm Park and of course Lake Michigan is just a few blocks east. The area directly west of the hotel feels a little dicey and isn't somewhere that I'd walk alone after nightfall.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great hotel but fairly expensive	this hotel was very beautiful on the inside. the lobby was big and really beautiful. the rooms were the best part. i was with a friend and they had 2 double beds and 2 bathrooms. ive never been in a hotel with two bathrooms in one room before!! the location was ok. it was beside state street but i would rather stay on magnificent mile next time as theres better shopping up that way. they do however provide a free shuttle to magnificent mile everyday which saves you getting a bus. the one thing that goes against this hotel is the price. its very very expensive. was working out at aroun 200 euros a night. if you can afford it then its a great hotel but for that kind of money you could stay on the magnificent mile which would be a better location.	
Aug 24 2009 	There are so many great hotels why stay at the Hilton Chicago?	The lobby was beautiful, as was the ballroom. Check in was very slow, although the staff was courteous and friendly. I had looked at the rooms on line and was greatly disappointed when I opened the door. It was small and crowded with furniture (although no easy chair in ours). When I opened the bathroom door, it hit the toilet. I've had bigger bathrooms in a Motel 6. The carpet could stand replacing and the bathroom tile grout could use some professional work. The bathrooms have been well-covered by others on here. We had a &quot;commanding view&quot; of the next tower of the Hilton, a few feet away. I had requested extra pillows, which were not there. There was no coffee or tea in our room. I couldn't get an answer from the front desk or housekeeping, so I called the hotel operator. She had someone bring more than enough up in just a few minutes. If you like the news, sports, and Hilton/ Chicago channels (and a few others) the television will be adequate. We couldn't find a telephone book or any other kind of directory (i.e.: churches; hospitals, etc). The air conditioning system was apparently right outside our window and ran constantly. I will say the air conditioning our room worked very well. As other people mentioned, the internet was too expensive. I found the bed too soft. The restaurants were overpriced, but we did eat at Kitty O'Shea's one night. I had potato leak soup($6.00) and my partner had Shepherd's Pie ($13.00). We've eaten both all over the UK and didn't recognize either dish. The Shepherd's Pie was especially bad and seemed more like a canned beef soup (light on the beef) with mashed potatoes on top. There was no discernable seasoning in either dish. The service was slow, but friendly. We had trouble several times with our room key not working (I heard other people expressing the same thing). The front desk assured us that it was because we had it near credit cards, cellphones or something else with a magnetic strip. What we found was the keys worked sometimes and not others. The cleaning staff was friendly and accommodating. Self-parking was $43 a night; valet parking $55 a night. Just down the street hotel valet parking was $32. The room service menu showed prices increased by $1.00-$2.00 per item, then an 18% tax, a 3%tax, and a $4.50 room service charge! So a bowl of oatmeal at $8 a bowl room service..... The one Concierge person I talked to was not friendly and I seemed to be bothering her. There just seems to be a lack of attention to detail in many areas. One upside is that Buddy Guy's Legends is only a block or so away.For my money, I would go back to the Fairmont.	
Aug 17 2009 	They'll nickel and dime you for everything possible	The Hilton Chicago is a beautiful, historic hotel located across the street from Grant Park. The meeting space is stunning, full of ornate details. My room was average, but I was unprepared for the extra costs associated with my stay. First, the fitness center has a charge of $15/day to use cardio or weights. Next, internet for 24-hours will run you $19.95. Also, if you need a late check-out they'll charge you $50. In order to avoid this fee, I checked out and then left my bags at the baggage storage. Guess what? A $2 per bag fee. I also had a problem with the lock on my door - I came back from dinner to find my door ajar. When I followed up with Security, they were professional and came up to my room to inspect. However there was no follow up from the hotel regarding my safety, no offer to change the locks, no offer to move me to a different room. I've been to Chicago many times and I would definitely stay at another hotel that won't charge me an arm and a leg for &quot;extras.&quot;	
Aug 17 2009 	Avoid This Hotel If You're Paying With Your Own Dime	The only saving grace about this hotel is its great location. It's strategically located on Michigan Avenue, convenient to the &quot;L&quot; and other public transportation, and within walking distance to most major tourist spots. Other than location, it has little going for it and I would only stay there is someone else were paying the bill - as was our case. The hotel is in desperate need of a makeover: the lobby is dark and dank, public areas are drably furnished, and the rooms are tiny and compact. The two windows in the room overlooked the building next door; there was no view. We inspected its sister hotel, the Palmer House Hilton, and found it too to have little to make the guest feel welcome. Both hotels appeared clean, but it was difficult to tell what was below the surface. I know from checking Chicago hotel rates frequently that we could have done much better price-wise if we had been paying the bill rather than the conglomerate that did pay.	
Aug 14 2009 	Chicago Hilton on Michigan Avenue is Fantastic	Just got back today from a week trip at the Chicago Hilton. The place is absolutely beautiful. It's history includes a ballroom from the 1940's that most US Presidents visited. Even if you don't stay here - go see it if your in Chicago. All the staff was courteous. The rooms were plush with comfortable bedding. Each day your invited to extra tea service and turn down - what a treat? The aquatic center is $18/day a little pricey - so I skipped it and walked the city for exercise. It's across the street from Grant park and you can walk to the lakefront in less than 5 minutes. If your looking for a great place to eat - Wildfire Restaurant and Martini Bar - 1/2 price apps at happy hour - nice relaxing setting - service was fantastic. There is a 9 floor (yes 9) Macy's within walking distance, art galleries, and many restaurants. Words of Caution: Airport Express from Midway is great from the airport, but coming back (after we pre-paid for a round trip) - they left us sitting for an hour and 15 minutes waiting for other passengers to fill the van - my advise - get a good taxi driver to take care of you for the week and to the airport (We got Henry - a local).	
Aug 12 2009 	Great hotel in a great location!	My boyfriend and I stayed in this hotel for our first vacation away together. We stayed for a week. Check-in was not till 3:00, so we decided to kill time by wandering through O'Hare and then taking the blue line to the Loop (Jackson) then walking to the hotel. We got lost (our fault) but if your compass works (ours didn't) it shouldn't be too far of a walk, even with suitcases. The check-in process was quick and the staff was friendly to us (we are both 20 but we look closer to 16, so we were happy to be treated like adults). We ended up arriving a little early anyway (around 2:30) and they let us have our room.The room was small-ish but there was enough room for two people and suitcases.The one thing I did not like about the bathroom is the industrial-type flusher on the toilet; I prefer my hotel to have a homey feel so I did not like the public washroom-style toilet (the toilet worked fine though). The bathroom had enough counter space for both of us. The bathroom did not, however, have a fan, so the mirror was always foggy after a shower. The shower was big enough, and had a good waterflow. Also, there was enough space on the edge of the tub and in the soap holders, etc. for all of our shower stuff (and if there wasn't, the ledge of the counter is right outside the shower).The only time we could hear the room next to us was in the bathroom, so that was fine. However, on the Friday we were there, there was a lot of noise in the hallway, and some drunk person was knocking on our door and trying to get in. Also, the people in that room were smoking (I believed it was a non-smoking floor). We could smell it in the hallway but after a few days the smell crept into our room. The staff we dealt with for these issues was friendly and accommodating (the lady at the front desk walked us over to the security kiosk about the noise complaint). We had hoped that the mini-bar would have a fridge in it, but it was just a cabinet with munchies (we were not even offered the key but we could see in it). Also, the bottled water in the room was $7, and the vitamin water was $5. Needless to say, we drank tap water, but there are Walgreens and CVS everywhere so you could go buy 24x500mL bottles for probably $10. So whatever you do, do not drink that water provided in the room! The room service menu was ridiculously expensive, and they add a $4.50 in-room dining charge, so if you wanted a sandwich it would cost you more than $20! We did not order, but I do wonder what a $20 club sandwich tastes like.The location was awesome. We attended Lollapalooza festival in Grant Park, and the hotel was close enough that we could go back to use the bathroom (and sit in somewhere air-conditioned) and get back in less than 20 mins (and not have to use the porta-potties). We timed our walk to the Hancock Centre and it was about 40 mins, but it's very easy to catch a bus or a train to the Magnificent Mile.The concierge lady we talked to was useless. We asked a simple question (when do we have to leave the hotel to be at O'Hare for 7:45?) and she kept telling us to leave 2 hours before our flight (which was at 9:45). We kept trying to explain that we had an international flight and had to BE there 2 hours early. Eventually she said it could take &quot;20 mins to an hour&quot; so we decided to catch our cab around 6:30 just to be safe. We ended up at the airport with about 2.5 hours to spare (but O'Hare is big so we shopped and explored). The cab ride back cost us about $45 after tip and took about 1/2 hour-45 mins.Overall, I liked this hotel, and I might stay here again if I can get a good deal.	
Aug 2 2009 	special chicago hilton experience	My 13 year old son and I went to see the yankees lose to the sox. The hotel was so clean and stately, I was very pleasantly surprised as was my son. The service at all stations was right on. The concierge was helpful late on a Friday and early on a Saturday. With their help tickets were obtained. I will remember this concierge service for a long time as it was that attentive. Food was outstanding. Location is in the Loop on Michigan and very close to the Museums and the Lake. Room appeared oversized and my critical 13 year old son thought the whole thing was cool(my word, not his). Great pool and excerise room(I coildn't believe the quality, including the running track for cold weather)	
Aug 2 2009 	Fantastic	We arrived on Sunday night the 17th of May from Sydney,Australia where we live, to go back home to Edinburgh,Scotland to visit family and friends.United lost our luggage between LA and Chicago,but said it would arrive on the next flight,so we only had the clothes we where wearing.Next morning,still no luggage had arrived,went out for the day to tour your beautiful city,came back late afternoon,still no luggage.My wife phoned United,they said they had 2 of our suitcases,but where waiting for the 3rd to arrive before they would send them to the hotel.Well you can imagine what my wife said to them,and insisted they at least deliver the 2 cases so we can change clothes etc,shaver,toothbrushes etc.2nd day,still no luggage,by this time,late at night,my wife is in tears,we had to go to Target to buy some underwear T shirts etc,this is where Peter the bell captian comes in.He was under the impression that United had delivered our 2 suitcases,and when we informed him that we where still waiting,he couldn,t believe it.He was straight on the phone to United and informed them in no uncertain manner but polite to get our cases over to the hotel as soon as possible,and informed them&quot; Is this your company policy to hold guests to ransom with there suitcases&quot;This is how good Peter was,he went and got us tooth paste,toothbrushes,deodarant,shaving kit and 2 vouchers for breakfast the next morning.Now that is what I call customer relations,nothing was to much trouble to him,and &quot;Hey Presto&quot; our luggage was delivered a few hours later.Thank you again Peter for a great job done,infact I think my wife gave you a big kiss on the cheek the next day.Could not fault this hotel in any way,staff where so polite friendly and helpfull,also Karen on concierge? for helping out clothes wise,lovely hotel,it was like walking into a palace back home in the UK.Will use this hotel again when we visit your beautiful city [which can,t be quick enough],we both fell in love with it and please please do not touch your lovely old buildings,Sydney demolished most of theres,other cities could learn a lot from Chicago.I think Chicago has the most friendliest,polite,helpful people I,ve ever came across and cleanest city I,ve ever visited,went to New York afterwards and I can assure you its got nothing on Chicago,you leave it for dead.I,m voting for you to get the Olympics in 2016William and Lilian Scott.	
Jul 28 2009 	Nice but not amazing	The Hilton Chicago is a very big hotel, and for someone who usually stays in independent hotels, was a shock to my system!Very much a number not a name there, as one would expect, with that many rooms. I did like the hotel but thought it let itself down on a couple of things.The rooms were nice, and spacious but just felt old. TV remote didn't work the entire time I was there (which was irritating when wanting to watch the news for 1/2 hour before evening events etc) and when I told them, was told, oh yes, it;s a common fault, the box has reset itself, so we would need to reprogramme the TV!The member of the bell team who bought my luggage up, did himself out of a decent tip by being overly familiar - using my first name and turning it into a cartoon character's name which it resembles - not a good first impression.The lift situation was appalling - they had a couple of big conferences going on at the same time as I was there and had to wait on the first morning 35 minutes to get downstairs (usually would walk the stairs but had a presentation case and over 20 floors up! so not an option) The lifts were a continous problem for everyone I spoke to.Kitty's was nice and food and service was quick and good. In general the hotel was good and the service was fine but the little things do make the difference and probably the bell hop didn't help my feeling about the hotel.Another thing - is the leaving luggage charges - I have never been charged for this in my life, and was therefore very surprised by that!	
Jul 26 2009 	There are lots of other places to stay.....pick one of them!	The location is great and the lobby is beautiful. The rooms are very dated, but are reasonably clean. Everything is true regarding being nickeled and dimed to death. Customer service was the real problem, though. Our room claimed to be a non-smoking room, but it reeked of stale cigarette smoke. When I called the desk to ask for another room, I was told I could not change rooms. Also, the concierge service was very poor. Although it is a huge place, there is often only one concierge on duty. My son and I waited in line behind two women in town on a business conference. The concierge sold them some tickets and then launched into a myriad of personal stories about shows she had seen over the years that had come through town. This went on for over 10 minutes, and she never once acknowledged our presence. Eventually, two more women joined the line. After several more minutes, another concierge appeared and immediately waited on the women who had come up behind us. When I explained that I had been waiting longer, and for over 15 minutes, she ignored me. After the third time I protested, she said, &quot;Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't realize you had been waiting longer, but I'm waiting on them now.&quot; My son and I promptly left. The original concierge was still telling the first group about her 5th time seeing Cirque de Soleil!	
Jul 23 2009 	Very nice but a couple of issues	This was my first trip to Chicago. I was there for the Pampered Chef National Conference. My companions and I stayed in the two bed-two bath room which was spacious enough for the 4 of us. The only issue was the room was not completed cleaned out when we arrived. The fridge had the previous guest's leftover pizza and other dinner items left inside. The fridge was also missing items which we also reported because we did not want to be charge $3 for a missing Snickers bar. We received a conference discount so for what we all paid it was worth staying. However, I would never pay the full price for this room. It is just too expensive for me. We did not eat there but I do recommend Diner 11 (or was it Eleven Diner) which is a few blocks away. Bed pillows were too soft for me but the mattress was wonderful. We had a nice view overlooking the park and Lake Michigan. Ask for it, it is worth the view!	
Jul 22 2009 	Probably better hotels in the area/Too pricey in minor issues	The Hilton has its perks, nice rooms, gorgeous decor around the bldg, pretty good location, not the most expensive hotel in this location but still overpriced and a good overpriced Irish restaurant/grill/bar Kitty O'Shea's that is worth going in for the 13 dollar cheeseburger almost. I heard from a friend that Kitty O'Shea's is really fun to go to on a weekend night, so I suggest doing that if you enjoy pricey drinks (cheapest beer on top was 5 dollars, and it was not a full pint) and pricey bar food. Burgers were some of the best (my boyfriend and I are the we) we've ever had..cook them as we requested for them to cook them. What I didn't like about this Hilton (and I've stayed at others where I didn't feel this way) is that you feel like the hotel wants to rip you off from the getgo. 6 dollars for a bagel and cream cheese through room service, 7 dollars for cereal, 17 dollars/day for internet I believe was the rate, and there was no fridge in our room yet there was in replacement of a fridge a cabinet looking thing that supposedly had complimentary bottles of water for us (for being Hilton Honors Members), which we couldn't even get open and then just a tag (no bottle, empty or full, in sight) of a bottle water that says 7 dollars..Took us three attempts in calling + getting transferred to make sure we were not getting charged for this ridiculous bottle of water. Also, if you are a drinker, be sure to bring your alcohol in advance. It is close to two places (a carryouts bar and a warehouse liquor store) that sell booze..The actual cheaper one for beer is the nice warehouse liquor store. At the carryouts place it is 7 dollars for a 6er, whereas it is 20 dollars for a case at the Warehouse store..anywho, that was just a side note..LQQK up in the area what are good deals to for going out like Villain's is pretty close + has good Sat. night speciails..All in all, I had a pretty good time @ the Hilton and the Blackhawks Convention being the same weekend didn't bother me at all. Another thing to beware of is the pool situation. It is a nice pool but only has 3 dividers for people swimming laps..also there are two hottubs, but of course children were crowded both of em even though anyone under 16 was not allowed to be in the hottub. So, that sucked. The sun deck is really nice and large, so try to go there on a nice day. Unfortunately, this past July weekend did not produce the sun I was hoping for. That would've been enjoyable.And if you're into working out but don't believe in paying 15 dollars/day to use a hotel fitness center, this may not be the hotel for you.	
Jul 1 2009 	Nickel and dime you	This is an old and elegant hotel. I paid top dollar for the hotel (through the conference) and was disappointed. They charge an additional $15 a day for use of their health club (which in many hotels is included) and they are also extremely petty in charging upon checkout for any luggage that needs to be stored for a few hours (they charge per piece of luggage). They also charge for wireless internet connection, which in many hotels is now complimentary. Our room was nice enough although the air conditioning did not work properly. All in all, I was rather disappointed.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great location beautiful building okay rooms.	I booked this hotel thru priceline at $85 dollars but that was not a bargain seeing that I paid $55 for overnite parking!!! The service was nice, clean rooms. Even though I arrived exactly at 3, all the king rooms were taken but was offered a executive room for $50 more, no thank you. So I got a room with two double beds and two bathrooms, that was nice. Crabtree &amp; Evelyn products in BOTH bathrooms, plenty of towels. Our room was very quiet even with the taste going on outside and we were right by the elevators. Great restaurants within walking distance.	
Jun 24 2009 	Nice Stay	We used Priceline and were placed at this hotel for $90 per night. Location: Right on Michigan Ave. close to the museums and Grant Park and public transportation (bus and train). The theater district was about a mile away (we walked and felt safe at night).Room: We arrived late and there were no King beds available, so we were placed in a room with double beds and 2 bathrooms. The beds were comfortable and the room was well appointed. Negatives: The hallways echoed at night and we woke up several times when late-nighters returned to their rooms. It would have been nice if the air-conditioning system would have had a fan and we could have used it for white-noise. Parking was $43 a night. There is cheaper parking in a garage near the hotel. Wireless was $14 per night (but was really fast).We enjoyed learning about the history of the hotel as well. It is an older hotel, but is very nice.	
Jun 24 2009 	Grand Old Hotel - needs some improvements	First off - Beautiful building and architecture.Check-in was OK - friendly - but not overly. Room was nice - very roomy and clean. The hotel is old. Period.The rooms are updated, but the walls, etc... could use some work.Upside: great pool and fitness center which is completely included with your stay! Grand old hotel and architecture.Downside: The Grant park southside area is a little rough and the streets to the west are also a little seedy at night.Downside: Internet: 15.00 day / Parking 45.00 day	
Jun 22 2009 	The Staff steals from you!!!	I left my $130 flat iron (hair straightener) on the bathroom counter because it was too hot to put into my bag. I was going to carry it down to check-out with me, to give it time to cool off. I came home, unpacked and realized I had left it on the counter! I've been calling them like crazy to get to the bottom of this. I've spoken with the HEAD of Security, who called Housekeeping- of course, no one has seen or heard of anything. I spoke with the lost and found SPECIALIST, who also has not seen anything. She also gave me a lame excuse about how there is a new guest in the room and they may not have turned it in. WTF?! If there is a new guest- I'm guessing a housekeeper would have cleaned the room? If the housekeeper was honest she would have handed it in.If the lost and found specialist was honest she would say it was still there and not try to blame it on someone else.Granted- I am the dingbat who forgot it on the counter- but who the heck gives them the right to take things?! And it has only been 36 hours since I checked out! I know thieves move fast- but jeeze...really?!I could go buy a new one- but they nickel and dimed you for everything! Even luggage hold/coat check, using the fitness center and printing boarding passes?! WTF?!	
Jun 21 2009 	Great hotel great value	This hotel is fabulous and a great value. Right on Michigan Ave., it is located across from Grant Park in the heart of the city. Our room was very clean, well appointed, and had everything we needed. It is truly a grand hotel with old style elegance. The staff was very helpful and courteous. The concierge recommended Miller’s Pub for dinner (just a short walk away) and it was perfect. We will definitely stay here again.	
Jun 17 2009 	This hotel was fine.	There's nothing either bad or good to say about this hotel. It was fine. No poor customer service, no great customer service. The decor was dated, but clean. The room was small, but there was nothing missing. If I were to go back to Chicago, I would probably choose another hotel, but if I had to stay here, I wouldn't complain either. There's just nothing exceptional about it. There are a lot of additional charges, internet had three tiers of service (which just sounds like a scam), lowest of which was $15/day. To check my bags for two hours after checkout was $4. A lot of nickel and diming for a pretty expensive hotel room without a lot of features. Also, the room was quite noisy. Even on the 14th floor, with the blackout curtains pulled, there was a lot of street noise throughout the day and night.	
Jun 16 2009 	Wedding anniversary get away	The stay was ok. A couple things I liked was the comfort of the beds and room service was good. Things that I didn't like... when we checked in they did not have our room type, they wanted to give us two double beds on our wedding anniversary. We had to end up paying $50 MORE to get a room with a king bed. Also the next morning we came back to our room after breakfast and our door would not open. I guess the key thing ran out of batterys and they had to spend about 1 hour fixing it while we sat in the hallway. That was a big disappointment. Also parking is an extra $54 dollars so be ready for that. There is a lot around back the is about $18 a night but it is in a uncovered area and very small. I guess overall I just expected to have a better time at a 4 star hotel in downtown Chicago. Maybe we just had bad luck???	
Jun 15 2009 	Excellent stay in corner suite	My spouse and I needed to move out of our home for 24 hours while it was being &quot;spring cleaned.&quot; This year, we selected the Hilton because they welcome dogs that are up to 75 pounds. Our large, male Airedale is over 70 pounds - so, he isn't allowed in most &quot;dog friendly&quot; hotels. At the very last minute, we booked a one-bedroom suite on the 25th floor (executive floor). The entire experience at the Hilton was excellent. From the moment that we arrived, the staff was very accommodating - especially to our dog! They made sure that Oliver had a dog bed, bowls, treats and lots of attention and praise. They even offered to walk him in the park across the street! The suite was updated and since it was a corner (south east) suite, we had windows on two sides - very nice - lots of light. The bed was comfortable and well appointed with plenty of pillows. Room service was very good - we ordered dinner at 8pm and at 8:20pm it arrived, hot and well prepared. Breakfast on the executive floors was excellent - nice options (including &quot;take away&quot; coffee cups with lids) and very friendly and helpful service - especially the concierge. Overall, we were pleasantly surprised - we didn't expect much since it's the &quot;old Hilton&quot; - and, since we just needed a night someplace that welcomed our dog, our expectations were pretty moderate. Hilton greatly exceeded these expectations - we would highly recommend this hotel to families with kids or dogs - the hotel staff goes out of their way to make sure that you're welcomed. Finally, I have to say, the common areas are beautiful and very grand (especially the front, 2 story entrance). With the very reasonable rates that Hilton is charging this summer, you can't go wrong - especially if you're from out-of-town - the location, across from Grant Park, can't be beat! P.S. - Be sure to check and see if you can upgrade your room rate by $10/night to allow for indoor, attached parking (the usual rate (if you don't include it in your room rate) is somewhere around $45/night!).	
Jun 11 2009 	Love this hotel	I have stayed in this hotel four times for a trip to the city. I loved it ,so elegant and friendly this hotel is underrated in my opinion. My granddaughter loved the fluffy beds and the ballrooms.	
Jun 7 2009 	Awesome location 	We booked this hotel through Hotwire ($76 per night) and please keep in mind with Hotwire you do not know which hotel you are getting until you pay.We were very happy with the location of the hotel since it was within walking distance of the metro stations, Soldier Field, and all of cool sites of downtown Chicago. The price and location, again were awesome!The room was good, comfortable bed, nice bedding, two bathrooms. The main issue with the room was that you could hear the rooms next door bathroom, every flush and shower.Another lame point, but almost expected, was the nickle and diming for every amenity, ie internet, the business center, you name it.Oh yeah, nothing was stolen from our room :)	
Jun 4 2009 	Can't believe anyone gives this five stars	Rooms dated with poor housekeeping - towels not replaced, had to ring for extra shampoo, etc. Room service very expensive and almost inedible -chicken like leather. Extra charges for the internet, the gym, the luggage check, flight check in etc Drinks in the bar v expensive. Only plus point - breakfast was reasonable with decent crispy bacon. The pool was shut and being refurbished so lots of building work. Big soulless hotel trying to increase revenue by over the top charging for every extra with the service, decor and ambience to back it up.	
Jun 3 2009 	Bad Service Poor Housekeeping Standards Expensive food and drinks	I was at this hotel recently for 5 nights - if I could have cancelled and gone elsewhere I would have. I knew it was a bad sign when i went into the bathroom and found a woman's long dark hairs on the &quot;clean sink&quot;, the &quot;clean towels&quot; and the nest of hairs still on the &quot;clean shower floor.&quot; Such LOW standards for housekeeping! Housekeeping didnt replace empty shampoo bottle unless i asked for them. On two days, the pillowcase put on the pillow was dirty when it was allegedly changed to a clean one. Guest services often didnt answer the phone. The bars were charging more for a basic mixed drink ($12 for vodka cranberry!!) which is more than I would pay in NYC at a high end bar - this was NOT a high end bar... The food quality was mediocre at best in the various restaurants, and definitely on the high side for a run of the mill Hilton. I was sending a box via fed ex and it took them 3 days to get the box to fed ex containing my luggage - 3 days! I expected it to be picked up the day i left it with them, which is a reasonable expectation. I am now a Silver level with Hilton HHonors, and quite frankly, having never been impressed with their hotels really, am wondering why I evern give them enough business for a Silver level. Overall, I would NOT recommmend this hotel to anyone, nor would I return to it.	
Jun 2 2009 	good location	in the windy city ,this is a very good place.amazing rooms and service.everything is a walking distance .An absolute must for business trio as ease with which you can conduct and schedule meetings here is unbeatable.Good decor and impishly modern	
Jun 1 2009 	Grand business hotel	This is one of those grand old hotels which seems like it has been around forever. It has a grand entrance with high ornate ceilings and sweeping staircases. There are 12 elevators which all seem to go to different floors only.We had a room with 2 queen beds with 2 bathrooms which were equally fully equipped. But for some reason, I could not pay for the internet with my (non US billing) credit card. They could not sort out the problem. If you get one of the rooms with a lake view, it is absolutely spectacular!Service was average, but you would expect that with more than a 1000 rooms. The breakfast was not included but the a la carte is much cheaper than the buffet.	
May 28 2009 	A grand old hotel- that charges too much for internet!	This old hotel is a very well maintained property. The rooms are large, and many have two bathrooms, probably due combining old smaller rooms. Surprisingly handy.The staff was very friendly and cordial. The only complaint: VERY high internet charges, up to $20.00 for &quot;premium.&quot;	
May 20 2009 	superb stay at a great hotel	friendly check in , no waiting although obviously will be busy at times .Rooms immaculate and fabulously comforable beds .Very quiet , at least where I was staying , heard nothing at all in 4 nights . Superb situation with Grant park opposite and buddy guys right next door . Blackies for breakfast or just a drink for local flavour and easy walking to Field museum . Taxis outside all day and evening and not expensive to get to the mag mile or navy pier for a night out . A must for a romantic evening is a dinner cruise from Navy pier .Buddy guys for blues lovers , busy and crowded but brilliant . Dont take notice of the doom merchants , stay at the Hilton .	
May 18 2009 	We had something stolen too!	My $200 Gucci sunglasses were stolen out of my bag on the 16th. I filed a report with the hotel security and am anxious to hear back from them. This was such a disappointment, as we liked the hotel and were having a great time in Chicago. Our room was really nice, with 2 bathrooms. We had 2 double beds and a comfortable hideaway bed. We had a great view of the lake and park. The hotel charged us $25 to check in early (10am).	
May 15 2009 	Second Trip Terriable Experience	I have been to this hotel twice, the first time was okay nice facilities, but I recently went again. My phone and other electronics were stolen from my room and only house keeping had been in there, and the hotel has yet to help out. Terriable service, terriable view and over priced for its tiny beds and lack of coaperation.	
May 5 2009 	dirty outdated	Mold in shower corner. Plastic tiny tub which is hard to stand up in- springy with no flat bottom.. Unravelling carpet. Slow Internet despite $16 service. Towels not replaced. No glasses- have to use styrofoam coffee cups if you want a drink of water. Shower-bath soap holders grungy- have lost brass coating. Tiniest bathroom I have ever encountered. Outdated furniture and old carpet- despite paying for a suite. Good location but not great- far from Magnificent mile but close to Art Museum, Milennium Park, Grant Park, Columbia Universtiy.	
May 2 2009 	Classical Elegance	Stayed here for ten nights in February 2008. Winter time in Chicago inevitably means spending considerable time indoors, and there's surely nowhere better than the Hilton to do that! It's a huge property but still manages to maintain an intimate feel; staff are particularly friendly and attentive. Located on Michigan Avenue, 3 minute walk from the Art Institute and very close to Field Museum, Aquarium and Planetarium. About a ten minute stroll to the heart of the 'Loop' and Theatre District. Also, ''Buddy Guys' - an authentic and celebrated blues bar is located directly across the road on Wabash Avenue, which runs behind the hotel. Restaurant in hotel very good standard, especially for breakfast, there is a decent business centre donwstairs and two bars - a lively faux-Irish joint and the more salubrious lounge with big bay windows fronting onto Michigan Avenue. Fitness room and pool looked decent too. Rooms are spacious with all the conveniences you would expect from a 5 star, the bath perhaps the only disappointment - it's smallish with uncomfortable contours. Such is the capacity of this hotel that at times of low occupancy, amazing deals may be offered	
May 1 2009 	I enjoyed my stay. Advice:go thru Hotwire you may pay as little as $79	Previous writers were correct about the prices, but there are a variety of nearby places where you can eat more reasonably. The location was great! You can walk so many places easily from the hotel. On check in they offered a room with two bathrooms and a view of the lake for an additonal $25, and I took it. The view was nice, the room was nice, roomy and one bathroom had a bathtub the other a shower. You really should park elsewhere as there is one adjacent to the block with $25 parking.	
Apr 29 2009 	A quick but pleasant stay at The Hilton Chicago.	I stayed in the Hilton Chicago for just one night with my boyfriend and a girlfriend of mine. We were given a room with two double beds and two bathrooms, which was nice to have, seeing as the girls could share one and my boyfriend had his own...and the beds were super comfy!The check in was quick and we were given an early check in (around 12 noon) for no extra cost. The woman who checked us in was very polite and friendly.The room was a decent size and on the 17th floor, but looked out onto the train that passed about every 10-15 mins. I thought the noise would be very disruptive but we ended up sleeping right through it, but what can you do if you want a hotel right in The Loop? They are usually all near the train anyway!We didn't stay for breakfast there as it was pretty pricey. I think it was about $19 just for continental breakfast, yeesh! But there is a nice breakfast cafe called Yolk which is about 4 blocks away, right after you pass the Best Western, huge breakfast for a great price. Really enjoyed ourselves there.We had a quick drink at Kitty O'Shea's before we left and like all other hotel bars it was pretty expensive. $10 for a rum and coke! We also left our bags at the bag check when we had a little extra time to kill before we went to the airport and they charged us $2.00 per bag, which in the past for myself, has been free at other hotels, so just a heads up it can be kind of pricey to stay here if you're not careful!The location was great, right across the street from Grant Park and a short walk to Millenium Park, The Shedd Aquarium &amp; Musems and back to the train station which brought us to Midway Airport. It might be a bit of a trek if you want to shop on the Magnificent Mile, we ended up taking a 10 min cab ride. Buddy Guy's Legends Jazz club was right around the corner as well, which was so much fun! Cheap eats and great music, its really worth checking out!I ended up getting this hotel for an amazing price, under $100USD for a room for 3, so that was a big factor in choosing it. I ended up getting a lot of bang for my buck, but I don't think I would stay there for full price (which I heard can be into the $200's) but we still really enjoyed ourselves and found it to be a good place to stay.Enjoy Chicago! :)	
Apr 22 2009 	What happened to Chicago Hilton?	I recently stayed at this once stellar hotel. I mean this hotel was my favorite. Boy what happened? Property and staff seemed beat up..big time. I woke up and there was no hot water, the hotel wasn't even sold out. After a dozen rings to guest service line, I was told it was because a lot of people were taking showers at the same time. Ok... I waited it out, as I am adverse to cold showers. Lucky I wasn't on business. Parking is a whopper, $40/day.	
Apr 20 2009 	Tips on how not to get ripped of here......	If you've read any of the other reviews of this hotel, you are already wary of how expensive this place is, and how they charge you for EVERYTHING! We have a relative that works for Hilton, so we got a deal we couldn't refuse to stay here, but I knew I had to hold on tight to my wallet when I walked in based on the previous reviews. Here's some things I learned:Rip Offs: 1) Drinks - At $10 a drink for a house wine or well cocktail, the bar in the hotel is absolutely out of control. We didn't have any food at the hotel after this experience with drinks. TIP: There is a sports bar one block west of the hotel where you can get reasonable drinks. Its called SLC I think. 2) Parking - Parking at the hotel was around $50 a day when we were there, even more for valet. There is a lot of other parking around there, with a wide variety of prices. We found a parking lot one block west (across the street and under the &quot;L&quot; from the Sports Bar) that was $6 for an over night, and then $13 for the next day. TIP: Unless you need to get pretty far out of the city, the mass transit system is comprehensive, cheap and seemed safe. We rented a car, which was really just a hinderance.3) Business Center - There is a business center, but its around $1 a minute just to use... another rip off... No tip here.4) Anything in the room to drink - the vitamin waters or regular waters are like $5-7 a piece... asinine. The mini-bar drinks were similarly priced. Just leave this stuff alone. 5) The gym and pool - The pool was closed when we were there, but I heard was complementary (I would check that, as its hard for me to believe). There is also a gym, but it costs $18/day to use. More $$$.Other cons:- The rooms were somewhat small, but fine. The beds were very comfortable, but the bathroom was cramped and somewhat dated. Maybe it was just me, but all the &quot;gold&quot; was very gaudy instead of beautiful.So why would anyone stay here? It makes sense if the following is important to you:- Staying at a historic hotel. At one point this was the largest hotel in the world, every President has stayed here, etc. It is very historic.- Money is no object for you when you are vacation- You need to be in the Grant Park area (though I imagine there are similar hotels for cheaper in the area)All in all, it wasn't a bad stay, but I can't stand people trying to rip me off at every corner, so I wouldn't probably stay there again.	
Apr 14 2009 	Conrad (and Paris) Hilton should be ashamed.	It's not a bad hotel. It's just so...disappointing. As a Diamond member, I expect slightly more than a room with two double beds with no view. I'm not distraught over this, but come on. Ditto the continental breakfast in the executive lounge, which has nothing but fattening pastries, bagels and cereal. Low-level Hampton Inns have a free breakfast that puts this to shame. And what's with the lounge not opening until 6:30am? Business travelers often need to be GONE by 6:30, not sitting down to their meager breakfast. The in-room wifi is a pain to access, and I somehow got stuck with the $19.99 plan even though I selected the basic plan. (Don't get me started on how a $89/night Hampton Inn can offer free wifi and a full-service Hilton &amp; Towers seemingly can't...). Finally, what's with the two bathrooms per one hotel room? It's an unseemly waste of space, especially when the rooms are so meager. And the gold-plated bathroom fixtures scream 1992, not 2009, as does the picture-tube TV (vs. flat panel). Overall, this is a huge disappointment over which Conrad should be ashamed.	
Apr 9 2009 	So Many Ups and So Many Downs!	This is a beautiful, historic, legend of a hotel that has all the makings of a really grand place to stay. However, it simply keeps getting in its own way and making what can only be called &quot;Dumb&quot; customer service mistakes that makes it feel cheaper and more money-grubbing than it should.On the plus side:-FANTASTIC health club facility!! Nice lap pool with lane lines, great Precor equipment, well-appointed locker room, running track and sun deck give the feel of a very high-caliber facility.-Many regular rooms have TWO bathrooms!! What a great touch for families with kids, like mine.-Security stationed at elevators, beautiful entrance lobby and classy lobby bar give the feeling of security in a sophisticated setting.-Across the street from Grant Park, and well-situated for a walk to the lakefront, Magnificent Mile, and many of Chicago's attractions that are easily reachable in good weather within a 15-20 minute stroll.-Very nice architecture that's been well-preserved and gives ambience of class and importance to facility.With all this being said, you'd think &quot;wow, what a great place to stay.&quot; But hold on, there's more to report:-Air conditioning simply DOES NOT WORK! Checked in, and room was 74 degrees. After turning down the thermostat all the way and leaving for 6 hours, came back to find room at 77 degrees. Wound up giving up and simply sleeping on top of the covers sweating!-Early check-in fee of $25 dollars!! I'm a HHonors Gold Member, and couldn't believe my ears when I was told this new fee has begun. After complaining I got the fee reversed, but HOW MANY people have just shrugged their shoulders and gotten ripped off?-Was told by front desk that a voucher for free continental breakfast would be slipped under my door for the next morning. Guess what? It never came.-Parking fee of $43 per night!!! I decided to shop around, and just behind the hotel is an indoor heated garage that's $24 per night, and requires only an extra 75 yards of walking. Lord, how this would add up over a 3 or 4 night stay!-If you arrive early and can't check into your room, the kind folks at the Hilton Chicago will courteously store your bags,..........at a fee of $2 per bag!!! Simply stunning!!!-Hotel looks for any possible way to add to your bill. High internet charges, a separate fee if you wish to inquire about a late check-out, $3 cokes in the machine, $22 for eggs, bacon, and orange juice at breakfast once tax and tip are added in,...you get the idea.A great hotel is one that may charge a high nightly rate, but then doesn't badger you for every little thing (Four Seasons learned this lesson long ago!) They make you feel special, not like a piggy bank to be shaken. Although the Hilton Chicago has hosted Queen Elizabeth, Charles Lindbergh, and a slew of US presidents, it has a LOT to learn about making people feel like more than a slot machine to be exploited!	
Apr 8 2009 	Nice but spendy	The staff were friendly and helpful. The location was great for walking downtown. I did not like having to pay extra ($18 a day) to use the gym.	
Mar 29 2009 	Be Sure To Get Your Reservation In Writing	This is a typical convention hotel - meaning average service and often indifferent employees - and I had to be there for 4 nights during a national convention. My real problem was caused by a disagreement over the price of the room. Even though I had an email from Hilton indicating the price - AND - even though I called to confirm it, I was shocked to find that I was charged at a higher rate when I looked at the bill that was under the door my last morning. Even though presenting the copy of the email to the front desk manager, I was told that the rate was not correct for the type of room I had. And I was told that they did not know the person I had spoken with on the phone to confirm the reservation. the manager's suggestion - ask for a fax to be sent. Truly amazing -- in this day and age when emails are honored, I was told to get an actual fax from the Hilton reservations staff. As a Hilton Gold traveler, I was disappointed in their unwillingness to honor the lower rate. But given the fact that they were full, had a waiting list, and are primarily a convention hotel probably means that they can do what they want to do.Service was quite average, room service was average, and the choice in their single (yes only one ) restaurant was the worst I have seen.If you are planning to stay in the Loop or in downtown, there are many, manyother choices that are far superior to this Hilton.	
Mar 24 2009 	fabulous hotel	From the time we arrived, to the time we left, we felt as if we were being treated as royalty. Plan on a slow check in and paying mucho dollars for food, but it was all worth it. The beds are the most comfortable I have ever slept in. The staff made minor problems disappear. We were attending an event in the Grand Ballroom which couldn't have been run more smoothly and the wait staff was at our every beck and call. Plan on spending lots of $$$ for the parking too, but it is in the City of Chicago! Breakfast the next morning was really slow but the food was good.	
Mar 22 2009 	Great location	We stayed here for the AORN conference. They had great shuttle service to the McCormick Center. The room was nice, beds were small though. I think they were fulls, not even queen. The room had two full bathrooms, that was pretty neat. No view from the room, you looked across to other rooms. There was so weird leak in the room above us, could hear water dripping on the bathroom ceiling. We were afraid to call the hotel about it as we didn't want to be forced to change rooms, we didn't think they even had any empty rooms. The snacks and beverages for the executive level guests were limited but better than nothing. I stayed here once years ago for the Chicago Marathon. Nothing much has changed. The lobby is still just as impressive with its piano player in the evenings creating a great vibe. The staff was still friendly. We had lunch at the restaurant across from the check in desk. Sandwiches were good, about $40 for lunch for two. We were glad we didn't have to park a car here, I saw on the web it was like $60 a night!	
Feb 19 2009 	Great Location	Old convention hotel with a good location across the street from Grant Park. Rooms and common areas are well kept, clean. Staff helpful, directed us to a new favorite restaurant, Star of Siam. If you plan to shop on Michigan Ave, easy walk in good weather, or a quick $5cab ride to Water Tower. When staying in Chicago, we prefer several other hotels--- there are many to choose, but at a low rate (paid $129) this is a good choice. Also check Chicago Omni for specials-- all suites, and they run parking inclusive specials for $200/night. That's a deal. At this Hilton, ask for a room facing the lake--- views are great!	
Feb 17 2009 	Beware the extra charges!	Stayed here as part of a large conference. The concierge gave me an attitude when I asked for &quot;reasonably priced food&quot; nearby (which I found later without his help), and everything within the hotel walls was either an extra charge or overpriced. $15/day for internet, high extra charge for use of the fitness center, business center, or any other amenities. (Don't expect to check your email for free just because you're a paying guest.) The guest rooms were clean enough but I got the sense that they couldn't handle the amount of people they had booked for the conference, and elevators were nearly impossible to get at peak conference times - 10 or 15 minute waits were common. A package was delivered for me and although I was listed on the room the hotel left a &quot;text message&quot; for my roommate only and then required her to come down to the front desk for the package, which they then would not release to her because she did not have my ID. Double rooms had two bathrooms, but that was the only saving grace - we had a view of the parking garage wall and no light all day. I have stayed in much nicer hotels for less, and would not stay here again.	
Feb 2 2009 	Not what I expected...in a bad way	My single king room was tiny. The walls in the room were paper thin. You could hear full conversations and luggage rolling in the hallway, and I don't just mean muffled noise, I mean crystal clear speech as if no walls even existed! I awoke several times during the night and morning due to this and I also woke up everytime someone in the adjacent room flushed their toilet. I do not consider my hearing to be great nor am I a very light sleeper, and I have never had an experience like that at any other hotel. Also, the old television in the room did not work and I am not a tech dummy. I booked at this hotel because it had a pool, but the early-closing pool was small and the hot tubs weren't great either...the locker room was nice though! The property is pretty nice on the outside and in the lobby, but due to the sub-par quality of the room, I do not think that this hotel should be classified as a 4-star hotel. Overall, I was very disappointed with my room and I do not think it was worth even the heavily discounted price I paid.	
Jan 26 2009 	Watch Out for Cancellation Fees	Echoing other reviews, I have to emphasize: Don't book at this hotel unless you are absolutely certain of your stay. I signed up under a draconian 55-day cancellation policy that left me aghast when I tried to cancel 1 room out of the 2 that I booked. Even though I was still staying at the hotel, fewer people in my group were attending, but the hotel was not sympathetic. They will charge you if they have the right. To me, this says they care more about their bottom line than creating a good experience for their customers.	
Jan 19 2009 	Beautiful Hotel that Nickels and Dimes You to Death	We stayed at the hotel January 16-17 for the Cubs Convention. The hotel is beautiful, and for the 20,000+ crazed Cubs fans running around this weekend, they manage to keep it pretty spotless. Other than the view we've had some years (view of another wing of the hotel, or of a train track), we've had no compaints about the rooms. We have stayed here every year for fifteen years, and while service has been exemplary, as others said, it's &quot;Tip, please&quot; every time you turn around.January, 2008 we also stayed at the hotel. The chlorine concentration in the pool was so high that my three children had full-body rashes, and refused to get in the pool on the second day. (And for a 12-yr old and two 9-yr olds to REFUSE to go in the water is highly unusual!) I talked with other parents whose children has the same problem. We have been to several water parks whose pools are also well-chlorinated, and never had a reaction like this. I let management know during our stay, and then followed up with a phone call and internet complaint once we returned home. They explained that there *might* have been a problem with the chlorinator, but they offered NO compensation, or even an apology letter. Rather disappointing for someone who holds one of their Silver Hilton Honors Member cards.This year, just my husband and I stayed, not bringing the kids. Our room this year was $312 with tax and charges. The first year I stayed here, it was about $175 -- prices have gone up considerably. But the $8 bottle of water, and the $16.95/day charge for internet access are over the top (we chose to decline both). The Pavilion restaurant offers a buffet only during the convention, at $16-20/person. With a family of five, I don't relish spending almost a $100 on each meal. Buckinghams, the steak restaurant, apparently closed down recently, as it still shows on all of their in-hotel literature. Kitty O'Shea's, a pseudo-Irish pub, is a nice place to eat, with good prices. You can get a good burger there for about $9 if I remember correctly. During the convention, the hotel also offers some breakfast items at the bar -- you could get a bagel for $5, or orange juice for $8. Get the picture? I could purchase TWO GALLONS of orange juice for what they charge for a 12-oz bottle. That's not markup - that's flat-out robbery.Overall, the Hilton, while beautiful, needs a reality check for 2009. You're overpriced to start with, and then you overcharge for everything else. In this economy, you would do well to rethink your strategy. I would NOT stay here on a personal visit - I'd move up Michigan Avenue to something else. Next year I may stay at the Essex next door. Someone mentioned they were there for $90/night, and it was great. That would be a $200 savings each night... pretty substantial.	
Jan 16 2009 	Not a Place for Business Travelers	Internet access charges are extremely high, business center is below average for a Hilton, and watch out for early cancellation fees. I was traveling on business, had to make a change as bussiness travelers do at times, and was still charged my final night stay ($250+) because of a 3-day cancellation policy that was not well noted.	
Jan 13 2009 	First Class Hotel	The Hilton Chicago is elegant and well put together. I had no complaints about the service, my room was perfect, and the hotel itself is just a beautiful place. The location is pretty good- a quick cab away from shopping and nightlife, but not a ton right there. Internet was not free- always a dissapointment for me, but this is a higher end hotel.	
Jan 12 2009 	Would stay again in a heartbeat!	I stayed here for a work conference, booked by my company. There was some confusion with the reservation but the front desk was extremely diligent in resolving the issue and I was in my room by the same afternoon. They were very hospitable and the hotel is very grand in design (which I like!). It is in a FABulous location, right across the street from the beautiful Grant Park, and there is a Starbucks inside the hotel which has these enormous windows that face Michigan Ave and the park. The best thing in the morning was grabbing a latte and a magazine, sitting down at a small table facing Grant Park and people watching! The rooms are a bit small but very neat and tidy. Crabtree and Evelyn La Source bath products in the room! Plenty of dining options in the hotel if you don't want to battle the Chicago winds! Overall, an absolutely wonderful experience.	
Jan 11 2009	pleasant experience	stayed in the towers, rooms were ok except for the view (there are also ones with great view, but this was assigned to us; be sure to ask for the one with the lake view)the complimentary food &amp; drinks were impressivedownstairs in the lobby, there was a chic bar, where you wouldn't hesitate to invite your guests for drinks	
Jan 3 2009 	Clean...but LOTS of hidden charges and things kept breaking!	I've stayed at several Hiltons in the past and always been pleased but that is NOT the case with the Chicago Hilton! The room was clean but that was about it. The television is circa 1982, and the remote in our room didn't have a battery, but that was probably because the back was missing. I called and did quickly receive a new one. I tried to connect to their wireless and it worked just long enough to charge me the fee...twice! I had to constantly call technical support (I'm a communications officer) and get them to fix their network issues. I did receive the military rate which made the rate acceptable, but all of the hidden charges, $40 A NIGHT for parking, $19 for continental CONTINENTAL breakfast, I mean 1 pastry, 1 juice, 1 coffee..ARE YOU SERIOUS?! If you want to use the gym, that will be $18 a day, like I work out more than once a day, Internet, $16.95 a day, and as I said it's completely unreliable..I should get paid for the time I had to spend on hold with technical support...luckily I had the $7.00 bottle of water to keep me quenched while I was on the phone. Everywhere you turn there is an extra charge, I guess I should have realized what the theme of the hotel was going to be when I checked in and was scolded for being 15 minutes early which starting this year they will be charging $25 dollars if you arrive before 3pm. Uh ok, I'll sit in your lobby and be constantly hounded by your overly zealous staff for tips and just wait the 15 minutes. Like I said..the rooms were clean, but I'd NEVER stay here again and honestly they've put a very bad taste in my mouth about all the hiltons....bad taste...now that is priceless.	
Dec 14 2008 	Nice but you're constantly reminded you're revenue not a guest	We stayed at the Hilton in December to take advantage of seeing the Christmas season unfold in a big city. No disappointments there. Chicago is great, friendly, fun and easy to navigate. The Hilton is in a pretty good location if you want to see the lake or catch a taxi anywhere, but it really isn't close enough for walking in winter with kids to any main attractions or shopping. No problem. The hotel is very nice and the rooms are equivalent to most Hiltons - nothing too fancy or big, but nice, quiet and clean. The restaurant downstairs gave you a fabulous view of the Check-In area (sarcasm) and it was very expensive for marginal food, but you kind of expect that from hotel food. The real downside to the hotel is that you are constantly required to cough up some money for everything. Do your kids or you want to watch some legitimate cable shows since the TV channels are boring by design? How about $10 for several repeats from cable? Would you like to print out your airline boarding passes at the hotel? They can't do that at the desk, but feel free to use the computers in the lobby that are there just for that purpose. I should mention it will cost you $3 to print that boarding pass. What's that? The computer receipt said $15! They can't help you, they say they don't own the computers. Want to check some bags for part of the day because your room isn't ready at 3 in the afternoon? Sure thing - that will be $2 per bag, plus the very overt reach for a tip when you pick them up. Are you exiting one of the incredibly high priced lobby stores with your $5 mints and are ready to leave the hotel? No need to walk to the front door for a cab. Some kindly doorman will intercept you and let you know that he has a cab at the side entrance. Tip please! When you get in that cab, you'll realize he must have had a special deal with a driver that couldn't come to the front entrance in his dented, urine soaked cab. Ours was so bad looking the cops pulled it over a block away, determined some paperwork was out of order and took it out of commission - letting us get out to hail another cab. And so it goes - &quot;Let me open that door for you.&quot; Tip please. &quot;Let me push the elevator button for you.&quot; Tip please. Knock, knock. &quot;Here's an extra towel from maid service.&quot; Tip please. You ordered room service. Tip please (as expected). But wait. &quot;I forgot something and will return.&quot; Several minutes later a different, very put-out person will arrive with the article. Tip please. The hotel is expensive to stay at, but I'd rather they charged another $50 per night per room and then let you enjoy the hotel experience. As it currently stands, I'm afraid the hotel motto s/b &quot;Tip Please&quot;. The Hilton is a nice hotel, but as my title suggests, you'll never feel like a guest because they never let you forget that you're a revenue source.	
Dec 8 2008 	nice hotel	Stayed at this hotel for a weekend in early December. The first night, a large charity dinner was going on so lots of people were dressed up in black tie -- good people watching while we were eating dinner! The next night, a wedding was on in the ballroom, and lots of Chicago Bears fans were staying in the hotel awaiting the game on Sunday. Totally different crowds, but the hotel staff were pleasant to everyone and could easily cope with the large crowds.We stayed in a regular room with a king-size bed. The room was quite small, with the bed taking up most of the room and then a desk and fridge area (with the tv on top) running down the wall in front of the windows. This made it quite difficult to closet the curtains, and the desk chair was crammed between the bed and the desk so there was no room to get around the desk chair when someone was sitting in it. We stayed in a room without a lake view, which meant that we could hear the El going by down the street. We could also sometimes hear people in the hall going in and out of the rooms around us (but I think they were being extra loud!). Basically, the room was an average room. If we'd paid rack rates I would not have been impressed, but we got the room on priceline so it was not as expensive.The hotel is a bit far from shopping on Michigan Ave, but close to the Art Institute and things in Grant Park, so if you want to go shopping you may be better off staying further north.We ate dinner in the lobby restaurant one night -- the food was fine, although a bit expensive for what it was.	
Nov 21 2008 	Great Stay	I stayed here for a conference and got the conference rate of $149. I was worried that I wouldn't get a nice room, since it was the weekend before the election and the hotel is across the street from Grant Park, so it could easily have gotten a lot more for the nicer rooms. I requested a quiet room away from elevators and foot traffic, and that is exactly what I was assigned (perhaps because I am also a 'silver' member?). It was a beautiful room with windows on two sides, a king sized bed. The room was quiet, comfortable and immaculate. The maid even left a thank you note for the tip I had left. All the staff were helpful, polite and cheerful. I appreciated the fact that I could actually purchase a breakfast for under $15 (oatmeal, coffee, and juice)--something not possible at a lot of big hotels, like the Hyatt I stayed at last year.	
Nov 13 2008 	Nice place close to the Museum Campus	I was very impressed with my stay at the Chicago Hilton recently. Only a few minor things prevented me from giving it 5 stars.Pros:Check in was quick and easy, despite the kind of crowded main level (a lot of big events going on in the ballrooms mean people everywhere). I had reserved a double room (which is kind of tricky to find at a reasonable price in Chicago), and they had upgraded me to a double room with two bathrooms at check-in. The room was nice and decent sized and had modern conveniences despite the historic-ness of the hotel. The bathtubs were nice and very clean and bathrooms had granite counters and floors. There was a full-size hair dryer instead of one of the typical tiny hotel ones (which I didn't discover until the second morning that it was hidden in the closet). The mattresses were very comfortable and had down comforters with the nice white duvets. The room was nice and fairly quite despite facing the west side which faces the El track. The location of this hotel is great. It's within walking distance of the Museum Campus. Also it is easy to catch a quick bus along Michigan Avenue to get to the Magnificent Mile or State Street. The coat/luggage check charges $2/item once you've checked out, so that was convenient.Cons:The TV in our room was pretty poor quality. The picture was a bit fuzzy, and the TV itself seemed like it was about 10 years old. The granite bathroom floors can mean for cold toes in the morning. Our second night when we came back to the room, there was a $7 bottle of Evian on the table that was not there the night before. When I got my bill, they had charged us for that nonexistent bottle on the first night. They were able to take the charge off, but unfortunately it meant I couldn't use the zip checkout. Also, be aware, the person staying with me made a 1 minute 1-800 number phone call, and I was charged $1.50. Not a big deal, just something to be aware of.This hotel is very close to Buddy Guy's legends...a great blues club with decent and affordable Cajun food. If you go early (~6-8 pm) there's usually no cover charge.	
Nov 11 2008 	Great for Traveling with Teens	We stayed one night while attending a fundraising event at the hotel. President-Elect Obama was holding his first press conference here at the same time we were to check in - so I was expecting chaos - Instead, the hotel was running quite efficiently in spite of the extra congestion - they appear to be well-equipped for dealing with large crowds.We stayed in an Executive Level room. This level has it's own check in staff and a lounge. We did have to switch rooms initially since the first had a bathroom that smelled strongly of cigarette smoke. Our room had two bathrooms and two full beds with a nice view to the south. The two bathrooms were an excellent feature since we had 3 teens that needed to shower and primp. The location of this hotel provides convenient access to Grant Park and the museums.	
Nov 5 2008 	Central to Museum Core	Enjoyed our stay at the aged Chicago Hilton, although I must admit the catacomb of hallways with floral wallpaper and gaudy carpet reminded me of The Shining. Kept waiting for Jack Nicholson to drive an axe through the door, &quot;Here's Johnny!&quot; Fortunately I was staying with someone who had gold status with Hilton, so we had a very nice lakefront room. I enjoyed the view of the lake, boats, Navy Pier, museums, and Grant Park very much. Nice fireworks show over Navy Pier on Saturday night which was pretty cool. The room was pretty big, but we did have an upgrade, so I can't speak for all of the rooms. You could tell the hotel was old, but they had tried to keep it upgraded with newer furniture and tile in bath. I didn't realize this hotel was so historic. Several movies were filmed there like My Best Friend's Wedding, which they promoted on various literature in the room, and the tv show ER films its helicopter scenes on the roof apparently. The lobby was pretty small for such a large hotel and kind of crowded with no where to sit oddly enough. Looked like they had two large ballrooms that I can imagine are used heavily for weddings and what not. With the upgrade, we were given access to the Hilton Honors floor which had a nice continental breakfast and cokes you could grab in the morning. Considering HHonors is free, definitely worth joining before you go to this hotel to get your free breakfast. Didn't try any of the hotel restaurants, although Kitty O'Shea's was tempting. ha ha Not. I saw the fitness area in the hotel which was REALLY big for a hotel with a walking track and nice indoor pool. A great amenity if you're into that kind of thing or have kids to splash around. Probably the best asset of this hotel was its proximity to the museum core of Chicago. You can literally walk to the Art Institute a few blocks up the street and spend a day there alone. You can also walk toward the lake and access the Field Museum of Natural History and Shedd Aquarium. I can't imagine a better hotel for walking to all of these world-class attractions. There are closer hotels to the Michigan Avenue shopping areas and Navy Pier (Embassy Suites for one), but this hotel is best if you are going to be doing museum hopping, and all three of those museums are worth visiting. I heard you could rent bikes and ride 20 miles up and down the lakefront, which I imagine would be cool in the summer time. Don't miss the Frank Gehry-designed amphitheatre just past the Art Institute a few blocks from the hotel. Amazing structure and facility. Also don't miss Giordano's Pizza. Yum. We mainly took taxis to-from Michigan Avenue shopping areas to eat, which cost about $9-13 each way. We dropped a LOAD on taxis over a 2-night weekend, but figured it would be about equivalent to a rental car and $40 hotel parking, plus parking in downtown Chicago is about $9 an hour, so that would also add up quick. Great town, great hotel. No complaints.	
Nov 1 2008 	Treated as VIP's	I had a wonderful time during my stay at this Hilton. I stayed there with a friend and while I have heard that this hotel doesn't like non-hotel guest to be walking around. I was never onced asked if I was staying at the hotel. We noticed there was a grand piano in the grand foyer area and we were curious if it was open to guests. We asked for a manager and sure enough he allowed my friend to play. Him being a musician and being rather talented on the piano, drew a small crowd to listen to him play the piano and sing along. We were even asked to come back the next night to put on another &quot;concert&quot; Which we did. We were unable to fufill a request for a third night due to our prior plans. The lady who was running the jewelry counter in the lobby area was extremely nice and was engaged in converstation for a good 20 minutes. We were welcomed by name after the first &quot;concert&quot; The Irish pub was great. We ordered the appetizer platter and eventually had to cancel our orders because we were stuffed. We ordered some drinks at the bar and was a bit shocked to find 14 dollar martini's. but hey, it is Chicago. Overall this was a very nice hotel. Loved the old world decor. Never felt snobbish. Will stay again!	
Oct 31 2008 	Loved the location! Had a few problems	I stayed at the Chicago Hilton during a conference for work. It was in a great location! I could walk nearly anywhere I wanted to go or take a short taxi ride. There were plenty of restaurants, museums, stores, etc within walking distance. The hotel is HUGE!!! My room (for one person) had 2 bathrooms! A couple of issues:When I arrived in my first room (yes, I had to change), the bathroom appeared as if it hadn't been cleaned. The towel was messed up as if someone had dried their hands on it. There was also a lipstick wrapper lying on the countertop. I called the front desk and housekeeping was sent to clean.I got so hot the first night that I couldn't sleep. The a/c wasn't working well, so they sent someone to my room at about 3 am to move me to another. I was then upgraded to a junior suite and had no further problems. I had a charge on my bill for a mini bar item, but I had not touched the mini bar. It was removed from my bill. I would definitely stay here again. The problems were immediately corrected. I can't stress the great location enough. I really enjoyed my visit to Chicago.	
Oct 31 2008 	Very average...	I recently stayed for 2 nights for a conference. I arrived at 6am after taking a red-eye from Los Angeles only to find that they had given my room away. I should say it probably wasn't their fault. The secretary who made my reservation made it for 2 days earlier.They were helpful in trying to find me a nearby replacement for the first night. I came back after one night in the nearby Best Western. (Not the nicest but they did have free internet.)I must say all the reviews are true, the good and the bad.It is very large and the common places are luxurious albeit a bit old. The rooms are nice enough, but the carpet is a bit old appearing. The walls have nice cloth wall paper. The beds are extremely comfortable with down cushion and down blankets. All the rooms have 2 bathrooms which was nice as my friend stayed with me. The cleanliness left something to be desired. I found a piece of clear wrapping under the table and some crumbs of something on the table. The TV is old but works nonetheless. I thought the water temperature and pressure were excellent. (This one point is contrary to what others wrote.) The irish pub on location closes early at 1am on weekdays. The room service also stops early. How can a hotel of this size and prestige not have 24 hour room service??The worst part is that they do indeed nickel and dime you for everything. Thank god I didn't have to park there. Internet was $15 per 24 hours. They charge you $3 to print your boarding pass!!! Enough said.I probably would go elsewhere next time in Chicago.	
Oct 30 2008 	Nice hotel but not a good deal and really poor service	I have stayed at other Hilton properties before and never had any problems but this particular hotel did not pass muster.The hotel itself is quite lovely with a grand entrance and nice lobby.But...From the moment I arrived there were problems. I waited for 45 minutes just to check in. For whatever reason it seemed to take an inordinate amount of time to process each person.When it was finally my turn, I was informed that only smoking rooms were available despite my having secured a reservation months in advance. I eventually was able to get a king room instead of two doubles but it was on a foul smelling smoking floor and basically I had a Murphy bed in the large living area of a suite. While the room was large and the bed comfortable, it was not what I had wanted. Because this was obviously a larger room subdivided into three smaller rooms, my door was problematic and often would not close properly. In fact on several occasions I returned to find that the housekeeping staff had not closed it properly.The hotel did provide me with coupons for breakfasts to make up for the inconvenience but this really only softened the blow of the many other outrageous expenses including the most expensive in-room internet I have ever seen, $2 per bag per day luggage storage after checkout and on and on.I have stayed in many high-end hotels and am used to exorbitant prices but this was a situation of less for more right from the get-go.	
Oct 29 2008 	Good location HUGE hotel	We stayed here since we are Hilton diamond members and we could bring our dog- we won't stay here again. The room was small and the hotel lobby was so crowded it was hard to walk around. The location was good, but it would have been better to be closer to Wacker - it was quite a walk since we were at the south end of Grant Park. We felt like we were the only people there that weren't part of a large convention - definitely the focus of this hotel.	
Oct 22 2008 	Extras could add up to more than room	Here are a few of the extras you can expect to pay for to stay at this over-priced, snooty hotel set in the 80's with all the ugly grey marble and worn carpets: (not to mention the huge TV's from the past)internetparking $49baggage hold $2 baglate check out $25use of gymwaterboarding pass print-out $3upgrade to Executive $50The showers are not hot and it is very noisy with the train.There are no safes in the rooms, which make it very difficult if you have a laptop.Priceline customers are treated as if the room is free.Having a huge amount of HHilton Honors points meant nothing at check-in.Don't rely on restaurant suggestions: Yolk is terrible,salty food and just awful.Wanted to go to MHenry # 1 on TripAdvisor and the Conciergesaid she had never heard of it and had worked at the Hotel for 10 years..I can't possibly imagine why having 2 bathrooms would be a plus.Really I don't understand why any business spends so much of the budget on advertising and treats customers the way they do.I also think the price should include the huge amount of taxes that will add to the final bill.I have paid as much as $89 to park for just one day in NYC..This recession may be a wake up call for the Hotel industry.	
Oct 17 2008 	Great rate and two bathrooms!	I booked this hotel over the phone (with HH Honors) on the day of arrival, and must say that I was not unhappy. I got a spectacular rate, and enjoyed the Executive floor happy hour and breakfast the following morning. The room, while average in furnishing and quality, had the notable feature of having TWO bathrooms. Since I met a friend here on the way home from a European trip, I found that to be just an incredible convenience. Dare I say a luxury?Clearly, the less expensive rooms are the ones without any view - all I could see was another wing of the hotel - but I couldn't complain for the price. Just three blocks from the hotel is a marvelous restaurant by the name of Custom House; that alone made the stay worthwhile. The staff in the Executive Floor lounge is friendly, and helpful. There is also a computer terminal available for use inside the lounge (as it is .69 per MINUTE downstairs in the Business Center). The rest of the staff, while not rude, is somewhat lackluster. The proximity to the Art Institute, other loop attractions and perhaps most importantly, the El, make this hotel an excellent choice.	
Oct 15 2008 	Marathon madness - and the hotel coped marvellously.	I was running the Chicago Marathon, and stayed at the Hilton as it is just over the road from the start and finish line! This was my 2nd stay, and it was not just convenience that made me return there. It has a wonderful entrance lobby with sweeping staircases to the Grand Ballroom on one side and another function room on the other.The bedroom was clean and comfortable. My room-mate and I had a double bed each, and also a bathroom each! The staff were helpful, and how they managed to keep going in the professional way they did with Marathon madness going on all around them is a tribute to them.On the downside, I was disappointed that the pool and jacuzzis were out of action. I was looking forward to a jacuzzi massage after the Marathon, and the prices were rather expensive. Had it not been for the pool and a couple of other minor maintenance issues, I would have rated this as wonderful, but will have to settle for above average on this occasion.	
Oct 15 2008 	please do not stay here	I had the misfortune to stay at the hilton chicago.The reason i chose the hilton was because i was running the marathon &amp; it was the nearest hotel to the finish line offered to me by the organisers.A week before departure i rang the hotel to order a transfer from o'hare airport,i even checked the day before departure ! On arrival at the airport from the long flight from london,, guess what no transfer awaiting.. i called the hotel &amp; an hour later a driver turned up.A taxi would have been better but there were 8 in our party.On arrival at the hotel the entrance facade is beautiful .. that is where things end.Check in was labourious &amp; unfriendly.The one saving grace i thought was all the rooms were together.The rooms were like living on the dark side of the moon .. no daylight at all ...&amp; for 400$ a night.our room was smelly as well.The restaurants well if you could call them that... no 1 another irish bar with food. No 2 the courtyard rest with a very average menu &amp; barely edible food.Surly service rather than friendly .To cap things off on the day of departure at lunchtime.. guess what ?? ... After a morning's shopping we fancied a drink .. all the hotel bars were closed.. Pathetic.All in all do not stay hear unless you are the US President ,they say they all have stayed there,It certainlly shows because a refurb since abrahan lincoln would not go amiss !!	
Oct 12 2008 	Recommend Hilton Chicago	We stayed in the Hilton Tower Hotel, in Chicago in August. We were assigned a large spacious double room with excellent amenities but had requested a room with a view of the lake and Millennium Park. While tempted to stay in this spacious room, we requested a move when we realised that the fridge cum mini-bar were unlocked and not working. We phoned customer service and were given a room on the 20th floor with a marvellous view of the lake. We were given complimentary breakfast vouchers for the in-convenience. This was a great hotel from which to explore Chicago and would definitely recommend. This was our 2nd stay with the Hilton Group and would definitely look out for their hotels in the future.	
Oct 11 2008 	Amazed by the Extreme Averageness	I recently had a one-night stay at the Hilton Chicago and it was, possibly, the most average hotel experience I have ever had. Not too good, not too bad...just very bland.The desk clerk was professional and friendly, but just friendly enough to do his job...very stand-offish. So it begins: nothing really negative, but nothing positive.My room was smaller than expected, but the bathroom was very nice. Very average.The food at Kitty O'Shea's was very average, and the service was just friendly enough, but not at all engaging. I wouldn't recommend the bar to anyone, but I wouldn't discourage anyone either.Overall, I have no real complaints about the place, but no rave reviews either. So if you want an extraordinarily average hotel experience at an average price, this is the place for you.	
Oct 7 2008 	Stupid housekeeper stole my husband's laptop PDA and went through my purse!!!	My husband and I stayed at the Hilton because we got a good deal. The staff were rude and not helpful. The first night was fine. The second day we were going to leave for the day to sight see and a housekeeper was near by. She asked us if we were checking out and we said no just sight seeing. We returned in the evening to find the contents of our suitcases flung around the room, my purse on the bed spilled upside down. Some jerk took off with my husband's bookbag with his laptop, PDA in it. We called security and they were slow. There was a bad that was ripped up that didn't belong to us. I demanded a different room. The housekeeper didn't even finish cleaning the room. We filled out an incident report and talked to the security manger who gave us the run around and claimed the 'housekeepers' didn't see anything. WHATEVERRRRRR! He tried blaming it on us. My husband works for a police dept and he checked to make sure the door was locked!!! All our pictures of our kids on the computer are gone. The morans who stole it are in for a treat, that laptop and PDA doesn't work right. If you go to a hotel, never bring anything valuable. Luckily for me, I took most of my personal things like credit cards, personal info with me in my pocket.	
Oct 5 2008 	Grand Hotel with some maintenance issues	There's nothing like sweeping in the front doors of the Hilton Chicago, a &quot;grand hotel&quot; in the early 20th century tradition. The wide, marble stairways, the high ceilings, the hustle and bustle and delicious smells wafting in from the restaurants -- it's truly like being in a very cool movie, despite the omnipresent conventioneers.Overall our one-night stay was lovely, but marred by some deferred maintenance issues -- and surprising disinterest from the staff. We had a terrific corner room. Although just two double beds, the room itself was quite spacious, with windows on two sides and a partial Lake Michigan view where we were able to watch the fireworks (from Navy Pier?) that began shortly after we arrived. The downside: poor lighting by just two dim bedstand/desk lamps , which could have easily been remedied by adding a floor lamp (certainly plenty of room). The desk was sufficient but with a chair so low as to make it unusable. As others have noted the rooms also lack sufficient electrical outlets, which meant the coffee maker had to be plugged in either at the base of the bedstand lamp or in the bathroom (we couldn't reach the outlet behind the TV/minibar console). The real maintenance issue, though, was the bathroom, with badly peeling paint and some crumbling plaster on the ceiling above the tub, as well as strips of epoxy missing from the tub itself. The drain was also badly clogged -- or simply not up to the task of draining from a high-powered showerhead -- which we didn't discover until in the morning too close to check-out time to call the maintenance staff. (We showered in mid-calf high water; ugh.) When we mentioned this at check-out (the peeling paint , the crumbling plaster, and the nonworking drain), the clerk said simply, &quot;Gosh, I'm sorry to hear that,&quot; and proceeded with the check-out transaction. We weren't looking for a discount or a comp, but it's really been on my mind since then that we received such a lackluster response -- perhaps because the staff already knows that the ceilings and the drains need work but can't do anything about it. A gentleman behind on the way said out that this has been a problem in the rooms before when he's stayed there.The bathroom issue really makes it difficult to recommend another stay, although we otherwise loved this grand old hotel.	
Sep 23 2008 	Great Room. Super Service Excellent Location	We travel to Chicago regularly and have always wanted to stay at the Hilton Chicago. We booked a PriceLine room on the weekend of the half marathon. The place was busy, but the staff certainly found time for each individual guest. The room was nice and just what we expected. The pool area is also very nice for a downtown hotel.The location was great as we were taking in the Bears 49ers game on a Thursday night and a Sox game on a Friiday night. We would certainly stay there again and would recomment it to others. Great quality even at the regular room price.	
Sep 19 2008 	Nice hotel	Hotel is clean, comfortable and about as quiet as a big city hotel can be. Our room was clean but showing some signs of wear. Staff was pleasent and friendly, and for the price we were thrilled. The neighborhood around the hotel could be a little better, but if you're heading to the museum park area it is a great find.	
Sep 15 2008 	This Hilton is not my favorite part of town	I stayed at the Hilton while on a business trip with colleagues. This hotel was a logical choice because the conference we were attending was being held at the hotel, and I curious because I have never stayed at this hotel.The hotel is a huge old building and when it was built, it was said to be the largest in the world. By 21st century standards, it's not one of those Las Vegas-style monsters, but it's big enough to hold a conference with 1000 people attending. Another way to judge its size is by the fact that John McCain's presidential campaign was in the hotel at the same time as our conference, and we hardly noticed them despite the large entourage and heavy security. The hotel's size causes some inconveniences. The elevators are all in the center of the hotel, the hallways are very long and maze-like, and many of the rooms have no view at all.But we were here for a conference and didn't spend much time in our rooms. The conference rooms that we saw had the usual too hot / too cold HVAC problems, catering was good but not memorable, and the basement exhibit hall rooms looked like converted parking lots. The public spaces are ornate and well maintained, and my room wasn't quite ready to be refurbished but it was on its way. Doormen were always there to greet and help people, and there were always taxis waiting.The location of the hotel was my least favorite part of my stay. It's across Michigan Ave. from Grant Park, but 1 - 2 miles away from the River North / Streeterville part of town that has most of the restaurants I'm interested in. Since the conference kept us busy, the 30 - 45 minute walk was a bit much and we went on quite a few $10 taxi rides to find dinner. I would have been happier at the Sheraton for this reason, even though we were treated well by every member of the Hilton's staff.	
Sep 7 2008 	1st class treatment	I took the wife and kids to Chicago for one last fling before school started back up. When I checked in, the staff was very attentive, I showed a little consideration for the friendly attitude (small tip) and was upgraded to a huge upper floor room complete with a bar! I didn't get the &quot;Priceline&quot; glare and it paid off for all involved. The air and water show was underway on the lake front, and we had planes flying over our room. The kids thought it was great. That night we had a great view of the fireworks at Navy Pier. The Sunday morning breakfast buffet at the hotel was very good and the price was not out of reason. The conceirge was very knowledgeable and very friendly. It was one of the best times we ever had in Chicago.	
Sep 6 2008 	Know what you are getting!!!	Stayed here years ago and loved because of great city view, great service and good sized very nice room. Due to taking family members we opted for Executive room upgrades. Could not believe how small the beds and rooms were! The double room was bigger than room with king bed. Views were not so good and service was poor. Historic feel of hotel is great and we very much liked the location due to being close to park/museum campus etc. Unsure if we would return, but if we did we would want to know view and room size ahead of time and hope to get better service. High prices are expected in Chicago, however hotel ratings are usually right on the money. Would probably pick better TA rated hotel next time.	
Sep 5 2008 	Charming historical hotel in downtown Chicago	The Hilton Chicago is a huge hotel and a very busy one too. The lobby area and rooms are very grand and somewhat colonial. The rooms were not awesomely huge but they were comfortable and conform to Hilton standards. Navigating the guest floors' corridors were like navigating a maze but that adds to the excitement of being in one of Chicago's most historical hotels that have housed countless dignitaries from all over the world. Location wise, you're right across from the picturesque Grant Park and there is a free shuttle to the Mag Mile shopping district albeit they can do better with a larger bus or more frequent runs.	
Sep 4 2008 	V Early check in was a massive bonus	Time has flown by but finally getting round to submitting reviews!I got into town from the train, arriving at the hotel around 9 expecting to just leave my bags with them and then go and explore the city, but upon giving them my details they said they had an early check-in room available and I went straight up.I was at the back (with a view of the carpark) and I was pretty impressed with the room, although I guess having a view would make it much better. 2 beds, 2 bathrooms, 2 cupboards, desk and nice tv was great. I was on my own but the amount of space was very useful indeed. Very comfortable beds indeed!The lack of any sort of radiator or heating beyond a not always working air vent was worrying, I don't know if it's different in the middle of a Chicago winter.Paying for the internet was easy but why charge for that these days?I found the actual corridors and everything beyond the immediate entrance very drab and grey, looking much more like a bog standard hotel, not the sort of thing of place you expect when you walk in.I can't judge the food, drink or conference facilities as I didn't use them but the lack of ice/drink machines was a bit of a pity, especially being up on the 13th floor. To be fair they might have been there but I never saw them and there wasn't anything saying they existed. The $7 bottle of water in the room didn't get touched though. And I didn't even ask for the key to the minibar.The location is definately an issue. It's just that bit to far to keep walking to other places, especially the Magnificent Mile, you think you're there then it's that bit further to go. I guess when theres a trolley it makes a big difference.Grant and Millennium Park are very close and great to walk round, even when I was there (no fountain unfortunately), Field Museum and Art Institute very close. And I ordered a lovely deep dish pizza via grubhub.com. The ability to order food in was something another tripadvisor told me about, so I pass on the same advice :)Checkout was very quick as I did it via the tv then straight out.	
Sep 4 2008 	Triple check your room before leaving!!	My family and I stayed at this hotel on labor day weekend. I love Chicago and will visit this city again, but I will not stay at the Hilton. I do advise anyone who stays here to double and triple check to make sure you have everything! I left my daughter's blanket and her special pillow in the room after we checked out and reliezed this after our 6 hour drive home and when it was time for her to go to bed. I knew I had had left it. I called the hotel and I was told that the room was not cleaned and had to wait untill it was cleaned to find out about the blanket and pillow. So I called the next day and was transferred to Lost and Found. The lady said that they did not find a pillow or a blanket in the room and were going to check the laundry department. The pillow is 12&quot; sqaure and dark blue, the blanket is blue. Hilton's laundry is all white so the pillow and the blanket should stick out when they sort all the laundry. The lady from Lost and Found did not get back to me so the next day I left her a voice message and she called the following day. They have not found the pillow or blanket. The pillow was made from her papa's shirt. He passed away two years ago. She sleeps with it every night. I just find it hard to believe that the pillow AND a blanket can come up missing in one small hotel room. Oh and by the way, there is a Avian water bottle in every room. If you take it, it costs 7.00. No one in my room used it but we did get charged for it... $7.80 for a bottle of water. So maybe when you check out take the unopened bottle with you and hand it to the people behind the front desk..	
Sep 2 2008 	Nice Hotel	We stayed at the Hilton over the Labor Day weekend. Arrived a little after noon. Check in was speedy and staff very polite. We had a spacious corner room facing the Michigan Ave. The room was clean and comfortable. I also liked that the windows opened. We had lunch at Kitty O'Sheas. The service was great but the food was just ok. The pool area has a nice outdoor patio. Although the pool is closing for renovation so I don't know if that will change. The entry off Michigan Ave. is beautiful. The lounge is nice place to stop and relax but as with any hotel quite pricey. The hotel is located close to Soldier Field and Grant Park. It is not a bad walk to Mag Mile. If you don't feel like walking it you can catch the Red Line a few blocks away. Another thing I want to mention which is no reflection on the hotel, the panhandlers in the area are in your face aggressive. We didn't experience this further up Michigan Ave. only near the hotel.	
Sep 2 2008 	Good location nice hotel but small beds	I booked this hotel room on hotwire for about $100/night, which seems to be a really good deal for this area. The hotel is in a great location for seeing the sights downtown. The lobby looks four-star, but the room didn't really feel so four-star to me. The beds (which were supposedly doubles) were UNBELIEVABLY small. The bedding was very comfy, with a thin feather-bed and multiple sheets, which helped me to forget about the small size somewhat. The furniture and room was nice, but the floor felt like it may have been slightly damp. As mentioned in another review, the parking fees are crazy and ridiculous ($43/day). Luckily, we found parking meters on the street right behind the hotel, which were free overnight. These meters are 2hr max during the day until 8 or 9pm. The room service breakfast is very overpriced ($19 for a simple continental breakfast) but there is a Starbucks in the lobby of the hotel and a Panera within walking distance. Considering the price I paid, I was happy with the room. I would definitely stay there again, but I would go elsewhere to park and/or eat.	
Aug 25 2008 	Chicago Hilton not worth the cost	The hotel is a mixed bag of good points and many poor ones. I just returned from a convention at the hotel. The ballrooms and meeting rooms are lovely. The hotel services were very poor indeed, with very rude hotel workers who had little to no interest in doing anything outside of the minimum possible standards of service. This is NOT a desirable attitude in a $300+ night hotel. The restaurants are adequate - but very over-priced for the ambiance and quality. The breakfast buffet was very nice - but at $22 per person I do expect something better than an open to the lobby restaurant. The $7 half litre bottle of Evian was just the beginning of the nickel and dime behavior of this 'flagship' hotel of the Hilton chain. $3 for a 20oz soft drink is the standard. The cost of the wi-fi in the hotel was atrocious. We were relieved to discover a coffee shop a quick walk away from the hotel with FREE wi-fi. The rooms were nice - but $300 per night should be better than a 'nice' hotel room. The 2 bath room was wonderful - but the fact that neither of them had any ventilation was highly disappointing. For all of the Hilton's much touted &quot;be hospitable&quot; marketing - in this hotel; it is non-existent. Not one employee could have been described as going one inch to be helpful when very simple matters (key cards not working, etc) occurred. Just from when the airport shuttle dropping off passengers at other hotels and the complete lack of welcome we saw at the Hilton, there are several more hotels in the Chicago area that seem much more willing and eager to make sure that you will have a better experience than the Chicago Hilton. I would suggest trying one of them before settling on the Hilton.	
Aug 21 2008 	Not Worth the Money - Terrible Customer Service	I stayed at the Chicago Hilton for a training in August 2008. I was not impressed with this Hilton at all and the staff acted as though all of their customers were a burden.My trip was not off to a great start when I called from the airport to let them know that I would need late check in (as in 8pm) and was informed by the snooty Hilton rep that she would put in that request. Fortunately, when I arrived they had a room available. I found out the next day that several of my colleagues' reservations were cancelled and they were told to find lodging elsewhere.When I got to my room, the &quot;dead bolt&quot; on my door did not work. I called the lobby and told them about it. The woman asked me in a very frustrated tone what a dead bolt was and once I referred to it as a privacy lock, she said she would send up an engineer and hung up on me without saying anything further. This was eventually resolved.Although I requested a King bed, I was given a room with 2 double beds and 2 bathrooms. I found out that this was common in the hotel. The bathrooms were very clean. However, the rug in my room was very worn out and at times my feet stuck to the carpet. The beds were soft and felt worn out. They squeaked every time you moved. The pillows were comfortable and the linens seemed clean. The A/C was very old fashioned and did not work. My room was probably 80 degrees at its coolest. There were several amenities in the room but most were available at an additional cost- $7 bottle of Evian, $3.50 for 1 hour of wireless internt, a mini bar where you could buy $3 candy or $7 beer. You are even charged for 800 numbers. When I woke up the next morning to iron my clothes, I discovered that the ironing board had blood all over it and the iron did not work. I managed to iron my clothes without any blood transfer but I called to ask for a replacement ironing board and iron (keep in mind I just asked for it to be delivered at some point that day). Again, I was greeted by an annoyed Hilton rep who sighed and said he would see what he could do. Fortunately, it was replaced. (A colleague of mine told me that she discovered a large roach in her bathrub when she first checked in).Even though I was able to secure a group rate, I felt that this hotel was not worth the money. Although it is historical and decorated purposely in an old fashioned style, the hotel still comes across as worn out. The rugs need replacement and they need to make it a little brigther. Perhaps I would have had a more positive outlook if they actually believed in customer service. This probably wouldn't be a bad hotel for one night but I stayed for 4 and I couldn't wait to check out.	
Aug 18 2008 	Overpriced and cramped	I stayed at the Hilton a few weeks ago, although judging by the decor it could have been 25 years ago. We had a suit with a tiny bathroom and small living area. The room felt dark and depressing. The breakfast was a buffet style and was okay. The hotel is quite big so if you are looking for somewhere that will make your stay feel special and intimate then this isn't it. There were all sorts of groups staying at the time. The oddest was what seemed to be some sort of Harry Potter event. I wouldn't have minded but it meant that the hotels factitlies where all overused. It would, more often than not, take at least ten minuest to wait for a lift and the pool was full of screaming kids. The service was okay and the other reviewers who comment on the location are also right. This is definately not in the center of things. The last time I stayed in Chicago I stayed at the Four Seasons, which was much better and for the same price.	
Aug 15 2008	enjoyable stay	Very nice hotel...lovely entrance and reception...only slight drawback is the location....well down South Michigan ave from most points of interest for visitors to the city who chose to walk . There are some bars and restaurants in the nearby &quot; loop &quot; district but it is mostly commercial. Kitty O'Sheas bar / restaurant on site was good value serving a fair selection of meals .Our room had two bathrooms which was unusual but turned out to be quite convenient . I would say the room was starting to show it's age although there was no complaint about cleanliness or comfort. Overall we really enjoyed our stay in Chicago,and would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 14 2008 	Practice Overbooking!! No Customer Service!	Had confirmed reservations, 2 rooms 3 nights and 1 room 2 nights, all King standard rooms. Arrived Wed evening to find out we had no rooms and none were available. After 2 hours of patient waiting Mgmt found 1 double room which we took and cramed 5 people into with the assurance our rsvd rms would be available between 12-2 next day. Next day, same song, made us give up our rm from night b4 by 12 but no rooms available while we waited 5 hours. Attended Bears game and got call at 6pm that rms were ready. After game, should have had 3 rms(rest of our party arrived in town before game but couldn't get a room either, mgmt only had 2 available, both smoking doubles not king and they couldn't find booking for 3rd room, 2 hours later found a &quot;powder room&quot; no real beds just sofa beds for our 3rd room. family travel with parents and in-laws both sets of parents older than 70 yrs of age. Mgmt only reply was sorry we messed up. Many pilots and flight attendents in line while all this was going on each night and they apparently got rooms, must have been Hilton Honors folks. We spent many hours, about 10 hours total, in lobby waiting to rcv the rooms we had been promised but was never provided anything related to service or truthful information. My son was staying in hotel so we really didn't want to go elsewhere due to conveinence factor. Total lack of communication by all members of onsite mgmt at any time. My entire party was completely civil the first night but I did lose it when the same scenario repeated the next night. No REAL help from anyone related to Hilton just the same fake &quot;sorry&quot; with the blank look at the computer screen. Hilton mgmt actually admitted that this happens all the time due to their standard practice of overbooking. Hilton rotates their mgmt staff so you will never meet the same mgr during your stay. Rooms were so-so, nothing special, the best thing about the hotel was Kitty O'learys bar/resturant onsite. Total worthless customer service!!! I've been traveling nationally for 30 years and never have I been treated as badly as this hotel, ever! Avoid this place, there are many hotels available in the same area at same rate which I guarantee treat their guests like human beings and have equivilent accomodations. We did not ever rcv a King Room and every room we did receive was a smoking room. No monatary reimbursement at all which I will be fighting by other means.	
Aug 14 2008 	Such a place such a location!	Great place, great room, great location. Even though there was a big meeting going on (Rainbow Girls in all their enormous gowns) the only consequence for us was slow elevators. Ballroom is amazing, shops on ground floor a nice throwback. Lake views from upper floors -- we were on 17 I think -- are worth it. Concierge advice about restaurants etc was excellent. Definitly would return.	
Aug 12 2008 	pretty good experience with the Hilton Chicago	We (my college-age daughter and I) just returned from a 4 night stay at the Hilton Chicago. We found the experience very satisfactory. We were given a corner room which was quite spacious and very quiet. The beds were comfortable although the pillows were rather soft for our taste. The hotel is very attractive and clean. It's an old building, and halls and meeting rooms are found in unexpected places, which is a nice change from the cookie-cutter buildings we have now. Everyone on staff was very friendly and helpful-the bell captain even took care of our recycling! We liked the airline check-in kiosk in the lobby too-this was the first time I've seen this. The bathroom in our room was fine but not generous. The big problem was with the floor of the bathtub, which was extremely slippery. It had those built-in strips that are supposed to provide traction but they were almost worn away, and no mat was provided. Adding to this, the drain was slow, so it was a dangerous situation. We had two meals in the hotel, one of which was the breakfast buffet. As usual in a hotel of this nature, it was expensive but in this case, the price was very much worth it. There was a huge variety of food, everything from cereal to lox. We also had lunch at Kitty O'Shea's, which was fine but nothing special. Prices were a bit high but not painful. There's also a Starbucks in the lobby during breakfast hours, with a comfortable sitting area adjacent. The hotel's location is a mixed blessing. It's across from Grant Park, with some shopping and lots of restaurants nearby. You can get to fast-food or a reasonably priced sit down meal within a block in any direction. There's not much in the way of shopping,though-the big stores are about a half hour walk or a ten minute cab ride. It's on the loud side though-Michigan Avenue is the front of the hotel and Wabash is in the back, with the El running all night. I like the train sounds but some might not. The elevators were slow most of the time. There are 3 banks of them which all operate from separate controls, so people press buttons on all 3 banks, which means that extra elevators are always on call. There must be a more efficient way of dealing with this by now, right?The most annoying thing about our stay was the outrageous price of internet access. It was something like $12 per day and $40 per week. There is a Caribou Coiffee katty-corner to the hotel and a Panera within 4 blocks, but still. It's about time hotels stopped this infuriating, extortionate practice. I'm happy to have them charge everyone a dollar a day for access. Surely that would be enough to cover the annual costs. Enough already! Can Trip Advisor help with this? Let's start a movement!	
Aug 12 2008 	Just So So	This hotel was somewhat difficult to rate. The rooms were elegant but the carpet and bedspreads seem a bit outdated. The room was clean. The matresses seemed a bit soft and worn. Pillows were very firm and felt new. Our room was rather dark - only two lights. Older TV. The bathrooms were attractive and well maintained. Check in was easy. We had to pay $49 for parking as we were told the only parking available was valet. What are the other options??? The staff was friendly and respectful. Be prepared to be &quot;panhandled&quot; if you walk up Michigan Avenue from this hotel. This seems to be a growing problem in Chicago. We were confronted 4-5 times in a two hour period. I would think this would discourage repeat shoppers. We probably wouldn't stay here again because of the location.	
Aug 11 2008 	Impressed	I was impressed by the hotel. I think we were given an upgrade because we stayed on an executive floor (23). The room was extremely clean and had two bathrooms, which was convenient for getting ready. The triple-sheeted beds were very comfortable. The only bad thing is that the hotel is a little bit of a walk from the Magnificent Mile and Navy Pier, but it is right across the street from Grant Park. There is also a free trolley stop across the street. This was one of the best values in Chicago at the time we stayed, and I would definately recommend it.	
Aug 11 2008 	Large and alright....	My aunt planned a trip for us to Chicago for the night, and with prices being as high as they are, she booked are stay through priceline. We arrived at the hotel at about 5:00 in the evening, and waited in a line that was nearly a mile long. After what seemed like an erternity, we were finally able to get to the counter and check in....oh, but not so fast....we were told that there were a lot of late check-outs so the room was not ready. We decided to go have a drink in the bar ($10 for ONE vodka and cranberry!!!), and then have dinner right there in the hotel. We were going to see the show &quot;Jersey Boys&quot; at 7:30, so we didn't have a lot of time to spare. Finally about 6:00, we were able to get our room (after waiting in line again), and the room was very nice. We had a nice view, the room was clean, and the bathroom was nice. The one thing they need to add are fan's in the bathroom!There was a lot going on at this hotel that evening....there was a Chicago Bears pre-season game that night (Believe it was the first of the season), and there was a Harry Potter convention going on as well, so needless to say, there were a TON of people. The hotel is plesant, but just needs to work on making sure to take care of all their guests. It's in a good location, and within walking distance to a TON of things. When I go back to Chicago, I would look into staying at this hotel again. Hopefully the lines won't be as bad as the last time!	
Aug 5 2008 	Let the conceirge book your tickets	The hotel is well located across from Grant Park. I had a lovely view out of a window that actually opened(yeah). The only complaint of the room would be the faded carpeting and ugly bedspread --needs remodeling. Last time I stayed,(10 years ago) it seemed in better condition. The bedding is great and amenities really more than adequate.I did take issue with the fees charged in the business center.I just wanted to book a train online, and it cost me over 20 dollars in internet usage fees to try to buy a ticket that was 21.00. I finally called their provider LogicLInk to complain. &quot;No problem , we'll credit back half and give you extra minutes&quot;. I've been trying for a month to get my credit to no avail.I advise using the concierge do your booking for free.	
Aug 2 2008 	A nice hotel in a great location	My husband and I stayed four nights in this hotel. We booked an executive floor room that allowed us to use the Executive Lounge on the 24th floor. The check in was quick and painless. Our room was nice and clean. The bed was very comfortable with high quality linens. We really could not find a thing to complain about. It was a nice hotel and the location was perfect. It is across the street from the park and it was a pretty easy walk to the sights. Chicago is a beautiful city. Go and enjoy!	
Jul 13 2008	Elegant but Awful	My experiences here pretty much mirrior reviewer Lou7477's, coupled with the fact that I was pretty much treated like dirt because I was there on a Priceline reservation. We checked in wearing ball game attire, but were otherwise well groomed and clean. The haughty clerk forced me to repeat my entire address twice even though my drivers license was right on the counter in front of her. Tried to upsell me twice during the transaction and reapeatedly mentioned that I was on a &quot;Priceline&quot; stay. The coup de grace came when the clerk asked my wife, who was by my side &quot;what her name might be?&quot; I've never had this happen anywhere, ever. I can only conclude that,since she did not record my wife's response anywhere or ask her for any ID, this was just further Priceline related harassment. I will complain vehemently to Priceline about this.Also Priceline lists this hotel as located in the &quot;Loop/ Millineum Park&quot;. zone. It is in neither. It is a $7 cab ride to the center of the Loop and is 5-6 long city blocks S of Millenium Park. Excepting the frontage on Michigan avenue, the hotel is surrounded by several blocks of shabby neighborhood. If you venture out, you WILL be aggresively panhandled, day or night. So if you bid that zone--my condolences if you receive the Hilton Chicago--which you likely will, as despite thier poor treatment of Priceline customers, according to several relevant forums they need Priceline pretty badly . The are the #1 supplier of rooms in that zone.	
Jul 7 2008 	As peacefull as an airport on Monday morning	If you are looking for a hotel that provides chaos, noise 24/7, and a dinky little overpriced room this is the place for you. Be prepared for a 40 minute check-in and do not count on getting the room you requested, I didn't. The lobby of the hotel is impressive although walking through it is about as pleasant as getting through an airport on Monday morning... and airport food is better priced. This place is EXPENSIVE, they charge for everything; in fact I am surprised they do not charge to use the elevator. The hotel is located in a busy part of town and the sound of police sirens went on throughout most of the night, so good nights sleep is out of the question.It is an old hotel in a historic building, to bad the a/c unit is original equipment, the room never did get cool enough to sleep well.Please take my word for it, you do not want to stay here.	
Jul 6 2008 	Mediocre at best	Normally we would have chosen a different property after reading all of the mixed reviews we were here for a convention that was being held at this hotel so we really HAD to stay here....Now for the review:For a Hotel with such a grand history things have really gone down to the level of horribly average. Arrival:Upon arrival from the airport in a taxi our cab driver was of more assistance with our luggage than the bell staff was. The bell staff was very young, inexperienced and seemed more interested in talking amongst themselves than opening the cab door; welcoming us; assisting us with our luggage (tagging it to be delivered to our room after check-in, etc). It seems that the work of a bell-person was a chore they were not paid to do.Check-In:Efficient with no problems what so ever. Given the room type that was reserved. Total time at check-in: less than 5 minutes.Room:Lugged our own luggage to the room. Bell-staff ignored us as we walked past them with our bags. The room was clean, seemed a bit dated but well maintained, until we needed the air-conditioning which did not blow cold air. Called over 5 times requesting maintenance. No one came so we left for dinner. Arrived back at the room at 1:00AM and the air is still broken. Also needed 2 toiletry kits as the airline had lost our one bag that contained liquids. Took almost an hour and over 5 phone calls to a very annoyed person at the front desk to get these kits and take the report of the broken air conditioner again. When the person arrived with the toiletry kits turns out Housekeeping only sent 2 travel sized sticks of deodorant. (Hard to brush your teeth with that). Made a sixth call to tell them that we needed the rest of the kit. The annoyed front desk person said she would correct housekeeping and have them sent back. Also informed that she had no idea when or if the air would be fixed. Asked to be switched to a different room and we were told the hotel was completely sold out. Asked to speak to the manager. He was able to move us to another room on the &quot;Executive&quot; floor. In addition he delivered the toiletry kit himself. By this point it is almost 3AM. He comped the 1st night. An acceptable end to a terrible beginning.The rooms were probably last updated in the 80's based upon the style of furniture, the bathroom tile, brass fixtures and &quot;gold&quot; trim on the furniture. Everything is in working order in the room. Carpet is probably newish. Beds are comfortable but sheets have numerous holes in them. The Executive Level rooms are NO DIFFERENT than the other floors. Also, the television is located on a large stand right in front of a window. It makes it VERY difficult to open or close the curtains. This was the case in both rooms we were in and can be seen in the submitted photo. It can also be noted that if you need to use the vanity mirror in the bathroom it is located VERY HIGH up on the wall and can not be moved. If your tall your ok, otherwise it is useless. See photo.The hotel is Grand in it's public areas some might like it others might call it gaudy; and very very average everywhere else. The service has A LOT to be desired. Based upon the service this should be a 2 Star Hotel, not a 4 Star as advertised. We've stayed in Courtyard by Marriott's with superior service and ammenities. Restaurants:We had lunch at the on-site Irish Pub &quot;Kitty O'Sheas&quot;. The service was ok. The server's friendliness made up for her lack of speed. Overall the food was below average and pricy but the french fries that come with the hamburger were good as was the Onion Soup. All in all I wouldn't eat here on the property again with the exception of maybe room service.Mini-Bar Prices: (Although I expect the items to be more expensive than lets say a 7-11, these are VERY HIGH)Domestic Beer - 5.80Imported Beer - 6.00Robert Mondavi Wines - 7.50 (1/2 - 3/4 glass)Absolut Vodka - 6.95 (minis)Belvedere Vodka - 7.95 (minis)Bombay Sapphire Gin - 7.50 (minis)Jim Beam Black Bourbon - 6.95 (minis)Dewers White Label Scotch - 6.95 (minis)Orange Juice - 3.50 (1/2 glass)Coca-Cola - 3.25 (1/2 can not a whole can)Diet CokeSpriteTonic Water - 2.95 (whole can)Evian Bottled Water - 4.25 (11.2oz - Half Bottle)Red Bull Energy Drink - 5.95 (Smaller Can)Rice Krispy Treats - 3.25Snickers - 3.25Peanut M&amp;Ms - 3.25Reeses Peanut Butter Cups - 2.25Pringles - 3.75 (1/4 sized can - never saw this size before)Gardetto Snack Mix - 3.25Planters Peanuts - 3.25 (Small Bag)Wheat Thins - 1.95 (VERY small bag)All of the above prices DO NOT include sales tax or 18% Gratuity/Service Charge.	
Jul 6 2008	Pricy but very nice-2 bathrooms!	This was part of our annual school trip from Kentucky with 40 kids and 12 adults. We had 19 rooms and a lot of preparation went into this. I spoke with the group sales manager (Maritza) and she was consistently friendly and helpful in the weeks prior to the trip and during our stay.Check-in was friendly, quick an efficient. The safety deposit box system is stellar. They are in a secured room and two keys are required. Awesome and comforting.Rooms were very spacious and clean. All the rooms with two beds have two bathrooms. I have stayed in hundreds of hotels and have never seen a hotel room with two bathrooms. Wonderful when you have multiple adults (or 40 kids!)They have a parking garage with covered valet service. It does cost extra to park though. I think it was $35/day. The location is awesome. Michigan Avenue at Grant Park. Walking distance to Shedd Aquarium, Planetarium, Field Museum, and Soldier Field.Negatives: Each room had a wet bar which was not locked when we got there. With middle school kids this was a problem. However, this was fixed quickly by the staff. Snacks and drinks are very expensive. Other than that I can't think of anything else.	
Jul 4 2008 	Big and Beautiful	stayed at the Hilton Chicago on S. Michigan Ave, they advised getting off and Roosevelt Station and walking (a half-mile trek). Thought on the metro map that the Harrison station looked closer (red line) but followed their directions and found the hotel easily. The advice of folks here was true, it was a pleasant and very safe walk. Note: The free trolley has a stop right outside the Roosevelt station and could have dropped me very close to my hotel, if I had known about it. They have a system of free trolleys that run several different routes during the day until 6pm through the summer. This is a GREAT way to see the city for absolutely nothing. During the Taste, they are running until 7pm.So...hotel..amazing..it is immense, 3000 rooms. The lobby is gorgeous, even if you don't stay there, you should step in to have a look around. I got a Priceline deal of $99/each night and after a bit of pleasant haggling, was given a King, non-smoking room. Now..this place was gorgeous and truly a 4 star hotel, but the room was on the small side, even though it was a corner and overlooked Grant Park. The thing that bothered me was that they nickle and dimed you to death. A bottle of water left in the room was $7, coke from the machine was $3, WIFI was $13.00/day and if you wanted to print something, it cost you $1. To me, that's outrageous and frankly, a big turn off.P.S. The Harrison station was MUCH closer and just one stop away from Roosevelt. I took that on the way out and it was more convenient. Also, there are KFC, Pizza Hut, Dunkin Donuts and my favorite, Harold's Chicken just behind the hotel on Wabash...if you are looking for fast food. But enjoy the Taste if you go!	
Jul 4 2008 	Pretty good overall	On my two recent stays here, my room was quiet, clean, comfortable, and spacious (or so it seemed to me, though I was traveling alone) . The rooms look.sort of dated, like they could use refurbishing, but that didn't bother me.. Hotel staff were nice and cooperative. Not sure about the food. On my first stay, the salmon I ordered was pretty good. When I ordered what I thought was the same dish on my second stay, I found it overseasoned and too heavy, like so much American restaurant fare these days. (No, I haven't developed an ulcer since my first stay). The breakfast buffet was reasonably good. Overall, this is a good hotel but nothing special. I would quite willingly return, though I will also check out other options when I next need a hotel in downtown Chicago.	
Jul 3 2008 	Great Hotel But...	My wife suprised me with a visit to Chicago for my Birthday to watch some baseball. We saved about $80 off our room with useing priceline's name your own price. The hotel itself was great! The bed was cozy, room was clean, lobby was nice, pool area and sun-deck was also very nice. I just find it odd that they charge you EXTRA to use the work out facility (aside from the pool which was free). Also, trying to get ahold of someone to bring up a couple of extra cups to the room took about 15 min! All in all, the hotel itself was nice, but service was below average and charging to use the workout room?? Come on....If you are out of town and visiting Chicago, make sure to try Garrett's Popcorn, there are multiple stores downtown. Yummm....	
Jun 28 2008 	Loved the Hilton Chicago!	I really enjoyed staying at this hotel. It offered everything I was looking for and made my stay in Chicago one of the best. Thank you for the lovely accomodations!	
Jun 21 2008 	Swissotel is better	We stayed one night in June (before Taste of Chicago) as a relaxing retreat to the city. Being from the suburbs of Chicago, and having extensive travel experience, I felt the Hilton was a safe bet and reasonably priced for our one night stay. I was impressed by the location, but disappointed by the hotel itself. This particular location seems to be more like a glorified convention hall. There are few places to sit and relax in the public portion of the hotel because there are event areas and bars/restaurants taking up most of the downstairs space. The registration area is claustrophobic and inefficient. Our room was not ready for check in at 3pm, and we were promised that we would be called in 20 minutes. 3 trips to the desk (after waiting in line again and again), and 1 hour 20 minutes later, we were given keys to our &quot;upgraded for your trouble&quot; room. There was a room service platter sitting outside our room when we got there, and it was still sitting there when we left the next day. There was only a stand-up shower, and there was no place to put shampoo except the floor. We received a bill under the door for $85 that referenced food we didn't eat. When I called to inquire about the charge, they stated that it was for minibar charges. We had not used the minibar, and no one had been in my room to check the minibar usage.The staff was distracted and unaccomodating. The room was only okay. Overall, I was not satisfied with my stay, and I will reserve at Swissotel (which I have stayed in and LOVED) the next time I overnight in the city.	
Jun 19 2008 	Not the "Grand" hotel they want you to believe...	A so-called grand hotel, that fails to live up to its moniker. As a HHonors member, I tend to stay in Hilton properties...but NEVER this property again. Shameless, for what they charge. Furthermore, I was upgraded to the Executive floor....I've stayed at Hampton Inns that were better...much better.Sounds petty...but no hair dryer????	
Jun 18 2008 	Tacky Overpriced Falsely Advertised	There must be someone left in the world who finds an overkill of faux renaissance/baroque touches in a North American hotel room charming. Not me or anyone I know, or maybe this place is just trying to compete with the Madonna Inn in San Luis Obispo, CA. It's just gross: Everything from the rooms to the common areas is a living tribute to low class flea markets and thrift stores. The carpet and walls are splashed with stodgy old surface patterns reminiscent of 1980s nouveau riche bad taste. The views from three sides of the building are ugly or nonexistent. My room smells like a Crabtree and Evelyn store. When I went to open the entertainment center for some visual relief, I found an old analog tube set instead of the 27&quot; HD flat screen advertised on the hotel's web page. $12.95 per day for internet access that I get for $30/month at home is not a &quot;nominal fee,&quot; as advertised on their web page. Nor is a $7 bottle of evian. It's next to Millenium Park, which is great, but this hotel is still a long way from any business or entertainment centers. You wouldn't know it from the price tag -- $220/night for the most basic room. There are too many other good lodging options in Chicago to settle for a tasteless and overpriced room at the Hilton Chicago. Definitely eep shopping.	
Jun 9 2008 	We didn't know!	I reserved a 2 bedroom suite in December for a June weekend. The website states it has one room with 2 doubles, and one room with a king, also includes a parlor. When I checked in, the clerk told me we had 1904 and 1905. When you get to the room, 1904/5 are listed on a plaque together, and have a seperate enterance at the end of the hall. You go in the double doors to a little foyer, the room enterance to 1904 is off to the right, and 1905 is straight ahead. 1904 was the 2 double bedded room, with 2 bathrooms. 1905 was a huge room with a wet bar, lovely views, a king size murphy bed, a sofa with a fold out bed, a loveseat, and assorted chairs. This room had one bathroom. We believed that this was the two doubles/one king/parlor, and this was sufficient for us, but we had another relative that decided to come in at the last minute, and I couldn't get another room unless i paid almost double for a single room than what I paid for the suite. So we reserved a room at the Swissotel, and she cabbed back and forth over the weekend. Upon checkout we examined the bill and there was a charge for food and beverage. Called down to see what it was, and was told it was for a bottle of water from room 1903. I said we don't have 1903, we have 1904/5. The person said you have the two bedroom suite, that encompasses 1903/1904/1905. The check in clerk never told us that, and we wouldn't have known, because the entrance to 1903 is outside the double door entrance to the suite. I had someone check, and sure enough, our card opened the door to 1903. We had shelled out over $250 and countless cab fares for another hotel room, and had an empty room with a king size bed sitting there all the time. I felt sick. They did check with housekeeping and verified that the room had not been touched. They took off the beverage charge and gave me a slight credit. I think they were unwilling to do more because I had such a good price on the room. The guy asked when I had made the reservation because he had never seen a price that low. Other than our unpleasant surprise at the end of our stay, we were very happy with the accomodations. There were a few gnats in one of the bathrooms, but not a big deal. My mom could sit at the window, and watch the boats on the lake. We are all women, so it was nice to have 3 bathrooms. The staff was all very nice, especially the waitress at breakfast at the Pavilion, and the Valet guy. I'd like to reserve that suite again, not hopeful about getting it at the same price though, because I have been checking for different dates, and have never seen it for less than twice what we paid. If we are lucky enough to stay there again, we will know what to expect!	
May 22 2008 	Hilton On South Michigan Should Be Better	Had a week long stay at the Hilton on south Michigan while attending a meeting. The hotel has some elegance in the lobby, meeting rooms and lounges - the hotel rooms could definitely use updating. I would definitely say that for the price of a room here - the rooms should be top notch. My car was misplaced during valet parking, our reservations were messed up, hotel staff showed up repeatedly throughout the week at our door with items (room service, a new coffee pot, laundry) that wasn't ours.I would not stay at this property again. There are much better places for the money in close proximity to Michigan Ave. It is a very big hotel and at times it felt like we were staying at Faulty Towers.	
May 17 2008 	Worst hotel ever	Truly this must be the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. Ever.This is my stay:drive to the valet parking, greeted with a smile and the bell boy comes along: &quot;You do not need help with your bags, right?&quot; Not the nicest of things to say, I believe.The lobby staff (mainly bell boys) are just standing there, giggling to one another and making &quot;smart&quot; comments that you can hear perfectly well. They look more like teenagers with time to spare rather than staff member of what is supposed to be a landmark of Chicago.All the staff seems to be bothered by whatever request you make and a simple question on the phone to Guest Services &quot;What time does the Breakfast service stop at the restaurant&quot; gets you this reply: &quot;I am not sure but it must be some time around 10.30&quot;. You have to ask them to confirm and then they do.This last example should illustrate perfectly well my stay: it is 4:30 AM and I am in the lift ready to come down to reception. I am carring two suitcases and a laptop roller case (3 items in total). When the doors are closing a bell boy gets in the lift &quot;Did you have a nice stay Sir?&quot; I Say, &quot;Actually No, it has been rather dissapointing&quot;. He replies &quot;We will have to do better next time&quot;. We arrive at the lobby level and I drag my 3 pieces of lugage to the hall (so far he has not volunteered any help). I keep draging my luggage around the carpeted lobby floor (lugage does not slide on carpet, you so have to pull!) and he (the bell boy) manages to stay 3 steps behind me the whole walk to reception (it is about 40 yards from the lift). He has managed to NOT HELP at all and as soon as he makes it to the Front Desk he sneeks back into the back office.So much for service (specially after I had told him my stay had not been a pleasant one).This is the service you get at the Hilton Chicago.	
May 11 2008 	Wow	The first impression is the beautiful lobby and cafe. The work-out center and pool were the best in any hotel I've seen. Service was excellent from all staff. We booked through Priceline - what a pleasant surprise!It's across the street from Grant Park &amp; the Art Institute.	
May 6 2008	Good hotel overall	I liked this hotel overall. We booked through Priceline and saved a lot of money. It is not quite in as good of a location as North Michigan Avenue, but is still in a good location (close to Millenium Park), and for the money you save, is well worth it. It is an older hotel, but the lobby is immaculate. It is huge as well and was very crowded the weekend we were there. The room was a little small and we didn't have a nice view (were on the 11th floor). However, the bed was very comfortable. The water pressure from the shower was a little light, so this wasn't perfect. Its probably not the very best hotel in Chicago, but it is nice and clean and a good value, compared to other prices that I've seen in this city.	
Apr 29 2008 	Comfortable stay	I stayed at the Hilton Chicago the last weekend of April, on a Priceline bid ($85/night), and was happy with my stay overall. Check-in was a breeze; I waited only a minute. (There are also self-check-in kiosks to use during busier times.) Despite my low pre-paid rate, my request for a spacious, quiet room on a higher floor was readily accommodated. (I was offered a lakeview room at an extra cost of $25/night, but I declined.) I was given a bright, spacious room with a king-size bed on the 17th floor, with a west-facing city view (Loop skyscrapers). I found the brown-and-gold decor rather boring and dated, but the room must have been newly renovated, because everything seemed brand-new and spic and span - not a stain in sight. The bathroom was also spotless. Bed and bath linens were pristine, bright white, soft and high quality. The room was quiet (except for howling winds one night) and I slept really well.Only shortcoming of the room: the thermostat wasn't working well, so the room got a bit chilly at night. It wasn't a big enough deal for me to bring up with hotel staff. Also, the room lacked a safe, which was a minor inconvenience.As expected for a hotel of this size, the lobby was often bustling with tour groups and convention-goers, so it wasn't a very relaxing place to hang out. However, despite the crowds, I never had to wait more than a couple of minutes for the elevator. The hotel doesn't offer free wi-fi, but there are nearby coffeeshops that do, including a Caribou Coffee (at 8th and Wabash, just 1/2 a block from the hotel's 8th St. entrance.) Hi Tea, a fun, off-beat teahouse on 11th St., also has free wi-fi, as well as dozens of tea selections, and tasty sandwiches, salads and gelato. Yolk, 3 blocks south of the hotel, is an excellent breakfast place. With all these great choices nearby, I never tried any of the dining options within the Hilton.Some reviewers consider this hotel's location to be too out of the way, but I actually enjoyed the chance to explore the Loop and South Loop. There are convenient bus routes (esp. the No. 3) right outside the hotel, to whisk you up to North Michigan Ave. or elsewhere in the city.I would happily stay at the Hilton again, esp. at a bargain Priceline rate.	
Apr 27 2008 	Not So Much...	Check in was good - they even upgraded my room to a suite with 2 bathrooms. The room size was decent for downtown (but this may have just been because they upgraded my room). I booked this hotel based on some of the reviews mentioning that it had been newly renovated. I don't think they had gotten to my room yet...or it was just outdated already (by about 10 years). I'd give it a 4 out of 10 on the cleanliness scale. I noticed a large brown stain on the bedding the morning AFTER I had slept in the bed. Pretty gross. I did like the location, view, staff, and the fact that I could open the windows. This was particularly nice when the strong smell of smoke drifted into my room through the vents. Stay was okay, but not worth the cost. I will not stay here again.	
Apr 16 2008 	Nice location but some negatives	I stayed here for 3 days over the period of 4/13 to 4/15 as part of a conference located within the hotel. First, the positives:1) The hotel has a classic, elegant feel to it. The ballroom is beautiful, with exceptional artwok, high ceilings, and amazing chandelliers (I found out this is where they filmed the final scene in the Fugitive movie with Harrsion Ford).2) Check in was fast and painless, with plenty of staff manning the front desk. The concierge was helpful, and provided us with a good map for exploring the city.3) The taxi stand is quite good, and there are no problems getting a cab .4) The location is nice. It is about a 7 block walk from the Jackson stop on the Blue Line, so one can get from the the airport to the hotel pretty easily, with just the $2 metro fare.Now, the negatives-1) I felt like the hotel nickled and dimed the customers for everything. Internet? $3.75/hour, and $12.00 per day. Want to use a treadmill in the gym? $15.00. Checking out, and want to leave your luggage at the desk? $2 per bag. Very annoying, given the rates of the hotel.2) The hotel has a very antiquated AC/Heat system, and it was impossible to get the temperature adjusted in the room. First night, I froze, and the next night was too hot. Certainly in need of an upgrade.3) The dining options were limited. There is an Irish Pub, Kitty O'Sheays, with mediocre food and an average atmosphere, adn another restaurant, that was more formal, but with an average menu.4) There were many elevators, but several were not working, and we often had long waits to get to our rooms. Overall, I don't think I would stay here again, unless I had another conference in the hotel. Given my expectations, I was somewhat disappointed, and would explore a different hotel next time.	
Apr 13 2008 	Our Home in Chicago	It can be difficult to read my mom's opinions, because she is the nicest person in the world and she would never, ever want to hurt anyone's feelings. So when she said that she liked her room at the Hilton, it didn't mean much, other than she didn't hate it and wasn't miserable. But the next morning, when we were walking down Michigan for enormous breakfasts at the Artist Restaurant, and I was pointing out the Hyatt and other hotels I'd stayed in over almost three decades of visiting the Windy City, she casually referred to the Hilton as &quot;our home in Chicago&quot;. The deal was done, the score settled: the Hilton Towers is her favorite Chicago hotel, and it is unlikely that we will ever stay anywhere else when we come here.This is a lovely hotel, gigantic and fully earning its four stars in every respect. Everything there seems to be new, and in great condition, from the fancy coffee makers in the rooms to the carpet in the elevator lobbies. It all seemed new to me when I stayed there three years ago, and yet it looked new now. I get the impression that the place is in a state of perpetual, tasteful refurbishment. Not bad for a hotel that dates to 1927. We had booked three rooms at a highly discounted rate: a single for my mom, a double for my sister and her son, and another double for my daughter and me. As we checked in, I mentioned to my mom that if it was available, I wanted to upgrade my room so that my teenage daughter could have her own bathroom. (Yes, we are spoiled, and so are our children. Mom is well aware of the fact that I and my three siblings grew up in a one-bathroom home that had a tub but not a shower, and that we all turned out just fine.) I don't know if the young woman who was checking us in had overheard me, or if we were just lucky, but all three rooms were upgraded at no additional charge to two-bathroom status. Mom was flustered but also kind of thrilled: extra bathrooms DO make us feel special. All of our rooms were equipped with luxury bedding -- quality cotton, warm comforters, fine pillows. The beds were made well. This is important to me. I have stayed in hotels where the beds were sloppily made up, or where the sheets were thin and/or clearly made of cheap man-made fibers and/or not big enough for the bed.(Seriously, just ask me about the $950/night suite that overlooked Niagara Falls --- great view, ridiculous bedding. Don't get me started.) At the Hilton, the beds are made for luxiourious, fabulous sleeping. My daughter looked forward to and once again loved sleeping there, and yesterday, our first day home, she began lobbying me about getting sheets, comforters and pillows for her room to duplicate the Hilton experience here at home. (Fat chance.)The weather was vile that night, and that's an understatement. The concierge suggested several places for dining with teenagers, but they were all at least six blocks away, and we would have been drenched just getting into a cab. We opted for staying in and ordering a pizza. We passed a quiet night, given the wild fury of the winds just outside our windows. My sister and mom said they heard nothing at all during the night. I was in a different wing of the hotel, and I heard the wind, the el, and the sounds that a hotel makes that can be heard on the 18th floor. These were soothing sounds, and my daughter and I slept well. We loved the HBO.Didn't use it this time, but we liked the indoor pool on previous visits. BYO H2O... the bottles supplied by the hotel are $7 each. Seriously.Views vary. My mom's room had a view of the Shedd and the planetarium, if you stood in a particular spot near the window and craned your neck. My room looked out at windows identical to my own, as did my sisters. But we weren't there for the views.Most importantly, we felt safe at the Hilton. Yes, we spent just a small amount of time there, just enough time to watch a movie (Ferris Bueller's Day Off) and sleep (very well, thank you). But if we hadn't felt safe we would have found another place to stay or would have just gone home to Grand Rapids, MI. In the morning before we checked out we explored the hotel's ballrooms, reception areas and convention facilities. This is an historical property, and we enjoyed our wanderings very much. The grand ballroom is an architectural as well as an engineering marvel. I recommend this hotel if you're traveling alone, with family or with multiple generations; if you're interested in Chicago history or architecture; if you need a place close to the museums; if you're looking for something romantic, or if you want someplace to stay with your kids. For me, the Chicago Hilton is simply the best possible shelter in this wonderful city, a place that makes me and my children feel welcome, pampered, and that we deserve every good thing. So my mom is right: The Chicago Hilton is, absolutely, our home in Chicago.	
Apr 11 2008 	More good than bad...	We stay at Hilton hotels often due to work travel, and are gold hhonors members. This trip was for pleasure and since it was off season I decided to try Priceline for the first time and was pleased to get Hilton Chicago. The check in was quick and the staff member was happy to give us a nice lake view room on the 15th floor despite getting the room on Priceline. Buckingham Fountain (as featured on Married With Children) was almost right across the street and would have been lovely had it been summer and running.I thought the hotel was beautiful and well maintained. Our room was on the small side but had two windows which we could open about four inches. I couldn't hear the El, but there were enough sirens to make up for that. The bedding was wonderful, and the bathroom was very clean and well appointed. I think the hotel is situated perfectly for those most interested in museums, Millenium Park and walking along the lake. We like walking, so the location didnt bother us too much, but I would say it is as far south on Michigan as I would be willing to go. Its approximately one mile from the hotel to the start of the Mag Mile, a bit less to the theatre district. We saw Jersey Boys and absolutely loved it.We thought the hotel nickel and dimed a bit....$6 for 15 minutes of internet in the business center, $15 to use the excercise room, $2 to store bags. The room service prices are quite high, so we didn't avail ourselves of that service.	
Apr 10 2008	Stay Elsewhere	I live in the Chicago suburbs and stayed here for a weekend to attend a company meeting. I am mystified by the favorable reviews so many people have given. Maybe I stayed on the worst floor in the hotel or some visitors are so in love with Chicago that it carries over to their reviews of the Hilton. I wouldn't want to stay here if I was from out of town, not with all the nicer hotels in Chicago. The halls are decorated from the 1950's, the hallway carpeting and wallcovering are dated, worn out and ugly and smelled. The couches and chairs near the elevators on my floor haven't been replaced in decades. The room was very small and very outdated and the beds were uncomfortable. As another reviewer noted, the heat/AC really couldn't be regulated and the room was very warm. I opened the window only to find that the EL trains sounded like they were going under my bed, even though they were 2 blocks away. My company has offices and conference rooms literally next to the EL and the noise in the hotel room was ten times wosre than in my office. I would suggest you do not stay on the west side of the hotel, especially if ytou have trouble sleeping. The $41 parking is highway robbery and the restaurant is overpriced. On the plus side, the lobby is your typical grand lobby from another era and the ballrooms are also very nice. The food at our meetings was good, but the bad outweighs the good.	
Apr 7 2008 	Mostly Positive	I have mixed feelings about this property. It IS a lovely 'Grand' Style Hotel with a lot of history. The lobby and public areas are beautiful. The rooms are nicely furnished and are comfortable.However, there are a few minor issues. I feel the location is not ideal. If going to the museums is at the top of your list, this is a great hotel. If shopping on the Mag Mile and frequenting the nice restaurants (or bars) in River North or the Gold Coast areas are high on your list, I'd stay somewhere closer to those areas (like Wacker/Michigan, Streeterville, North Loop, Mag Mile, or the Water Tower area). It is quite a trek to those areas if you are walking. Cabs are faster but can add up. Our room had two beds and two bathrooms and that was fine wih me (I love having my own bathroom so I can spread my things out). The room was in the back of the hotel and we could hear the 'El' all night so that was a bit disappointing. The room was a bit warm (even with the AC cranked up) so we opened the windows and that is when the 'El' noises were heard. All in all....it is a very nice hotel but I'd recommend staying a bit farther north.	
Apr 2 2008 	Great comfortable hotel	Loved this hotel from the moment I crossed the threshold. Great attentive service from the check-in staff at the front desk and I was immediately upgraded to the executive floor (floor 24 and above). The room was spacious, comfortable and nicely decorated. The hotel's location is great given that you can take a stroll up Lake Michigan by accessing Grant Park outside the hotel. I managed to take a few nice long walks to walk off lunch and dinner.Downside is that you have to pay for wireless internet access, but at $12 a day, it's much cheaper than what I am used to paying in European hotels.Overall, a great hotel and does exactly what you'd expect. Highly recommend it if you come to Chicago to visit.	
Mar 31 2008	Don't leave any valuables out in the open	I left my iPod and PDA out to charge and strangely enough, had only my iPod stolen. I'll assume the moron who took it couldn't make heads or tails of it, whereas the iPod is fairly easy to spot. Anyway; I was expecting to be reimbursed almost without question as the incident was reported immediately upon discovering that they had been stolen; quite the opposite occurred actually. After an &quot;investigation&quot; to determine whether the locking mechanism had failed or not, they determined that they were not responsible. I was in shock initially. We're talking about a 3rd generation 20 gb iPod here. The insurance company's argument was simple; they were not responsible period. They said that as part of their investigation they had interrogated their staff and found them completely innocent of any wrongdoing. As if anyone would own up to that. What a wonderful world we'd live in indeed. I asked the agent to let ME interrogate them to which they responded with no. I made it clear to them that regardless of their policy they had essentially accused me of lying and fraud. Their agent did their best to deflect that statement but the definition was a black and white one. Now, I do quite well in my profession and could purchase my own iPod. That's simply not the issue here. One assumes that there is some level of protection to one's personal belongings when staying at a hotel. Apparently, at the Hilton, there isn't. I'm insulted to say the least. Regardless, if you do decide to stay there please be aware that the staff are thieves and that the hotel will in fact support them while accusing you if the situation ever arises.	
Mar 16 2008 	Classic Hotel and a great stay	Stayed here for a conference and the hotel seems to be quite busy at all times. Has everything one would expect from such a hotel and the public places are excellent. Close to the Field Museum in one direction and the Art Institute in the other direction. Rooms may be fairly small, but are quite comfortable. Excellent fitness rooms, but in-room WiFi seemed pricey at $13 a day. Walking distance to the El and underground and a lot of nice places to eat nearby.	
Mar 15 2008 	Great hotel great decor	Stayed here for a conference and really enjoyed my room, it was clean and well laid out with a lot of character and it didnt seem like the generic and sterile hotel room. It was a little far from the Magnificant Mile but since it was the beginning of spring when I was there, it was a really nice 20-30 minute walk/stroll or quick cab ride. The service was great and thehotel a several restaurants to chose from. The hotel was close to the L train but could only hear it during the afternoons so it wasn't that distracting. Had a relaxing stay and would definitely go back again.	
Mar 13 2008 	Good Old Style Traditional Hotel	This is a massive hotel that appears to have many conventioneers, located just south of the Loop in Chicago. The location is not bad, however, it's a bit south for my liking to the Magnificent Mile, but is close to McCormack Place and thus the appeal to those at conventions. I wouldn't want to be any further south than this, as the neighbourhood starts to get a bit &quot;iffy&quot;. The hotel is just huge inside, but check in was very smooth and incredibly pleasant. The hotel has a ton of elevator banks with comfortable sofas on each floor for you to sit in case there is a wait (but there never was). The size of the hotel is obvious when you have to map out your journey to your room. Many twists and turns await...........its a HUGE hotel. The room was quite nice. Large with TWO bathrooms (it was not a suite either), however, I believe we did get an upgrade. Hilton Honours members get a coupon for complimentary bottled water and receive a USA Today at their door the next morning. The beds were definitely on the small size.........had a room with two very small double beds. TV was large - only problem....you have to navigate through the usual solicitation to buy their movies before you get to normal TV. All the staff was very helpful and EXTREMELY pleasant. Despite its size, this is a well run hotel with very content employees which makes all the difference in the world. No wonder this hotel has been a Hilton landmark in Chicago since the late 1920s.	
Mar 13 2008 	decent	found the hotel too big. here for a conference and it was tough to find the meeting rooms. Decent rooms for an old hotel. staff was not helpful as to the general area.	
Mar 12 2008 	Fitness fans: Fork it over	My husband and I stayed at Hilton during a conference.Things we liked: two full bathrooms in our room, convenient lobby coffee bar that converts to a wine bar in the evening, easy walk to a number of museums and parks, friendly staff, comfortable seating areas and in-hotel restaraunts, clean room and bathroom, friendly staff. Things the might keep us from staying again: -Hilton charges guests, including HHonors members, $15 to use the fitness area. The equipment is average, at best. There is no charge to use the pool, hot tub and (small) track and no charge for gold HHonors members. A group of guests in line to use the fitness area all left when we learned about the $15 charge per person. I was disappointed that this isn't a fee they waive for guests - or HHonors members.- The heating/air conditioning is not controlled by a thermostat but by an on/off switch - maintaining room temp is a challenge.- There were errors on our bill - Self-parking was $41 a night (other hotels within a 1/2 mile charge $15 to $20 for valet)It wasn't the worst place I've stayed - but also not the best. I'm still on the search for a Chicago hotel I can count on.	
Mar 10 2008 	Watch out for newly renovated rooms!	We were not just disappointed, we were horrified. My husband and I have been Hilton fans for years. We are HHilton Gold members and use the HHilton American Express card to accrue points for free stays. If we'd been able to complete the guest survey on the TV, we would have. But there was a notice that a survey would be sent by the manager. It never was.Although the historic hotel is gorgeous, the service good, the restaurants and bars okay (crowded when they've booked conferences, usually on weekends)...the room was a nightmare. We found out from a staff member after complaining about a smell like paint that our room had new carpet, new wallpaper, new varnish on the baseboards and new furnishings. Can you imagine the outgasing of the fumes from all of these chemicals? The FEMA trailers in Mississippi were abandoned for that reason. Although it was cold and windy outside, at least we were able to keep the windows cracked open. The heat was controlled by us, so that was good.We would have asked for a new room, but my husband hurt his back lifting carry-ons into the overhead bins and couldn't move. We stayed in there for the weekend so we didn't have to physically pack up and move all of our stuff out. Room service was a godsend.The main point is that you should ask if a room has been recently redecorated and avoid it. I can't believe the new owners of the Hilton chain, an investment firm (the Hilton family sold out), would treat clients like this. Their main concern is profit. That's obvious.	
Mar 2 2008 	Staff very accomodating	There were several instances while staying at this hotel that we either needed something in addition to what they offer or we needed personal assistance. One each instance, the hotel staff went above and beyond to be accomodating. The rooms do not have microwaves or refrigerators. I asked if they could bring us a refrigerator and they did so free of charge. They said they do not run the shuttle to Magnificent Mile any longer and I expressed my concern with this b/c cab fare one way is around $7.00 w/o a tip. They allowed me to turn in my receipts for a cash refund from the cab company. This was because I planned my trip depending on the shuttle running to and from the Magnificent Mile several times a day.The concegire was very helpful--giving us maps and other wonderful suggestions. Take advantage! The weekends at the hotel were very very crowded in the lobby area which makes dining in the restaurants downstairs less than peaceful. Staying during the week was nice.The hotel is very close to the art museum which was nice!I would recommend to any traveler to bring water to your hotel room b/c the bottles on site are $6 in the room and $4 in the hotel lobby. You need to plan for cash for a cab to the Magnificent Mile or bring sneakers to make the 1.5 mile walk, each way. The cab rides add up very quickly b/c you are paying to sit in traffic on the way there and back.There are many Walgreens and other grocers to bring stuff back to your room which you may want to do b/c of the pricey hotel items.	
Feb 28 2008	A very pleasant stay	My family of four stayed here in February for six nights. We had a wonderful room overlooking the ice covered lake. Rooms spotless and very comfy. Hotel staff very pleasant especially Billy the Bell Boy who could not have been nicer or more helpful. Lots of activity going on which kept my kids occupied. Kitty O'Shea's very pleasant and lovely Irish man running the bar.We would recommend this hotel to our family and friends and hope to return some day in the very near future.	
Feb 27 2008 	perfect location for that wonderful vacation	i stayed in this hotel in december 07.i was visiting chicago on a shopping holiday and this hotel was available.its a fab spot to stay rooms are so spacious and the hotel has plenty of amenties to keep you occupied. they have a fab pool and gym area and kitty o sheas bar which was a pleasant bar to have a drink over all this hotel is one of many top hotels to stay at met wonderful people and the staff were fantastic will be visiting here again this december see you all soon =)	
Feb 19 2008 	Great for a little get away and a good nights sleep.	My husband and I stayed at the Hilton for an awards banquet that was held there. It is a very beautiful hotel and everyone was friendly.We had a room with a king size bed. It also had 2 bathrooms which I guess is common for this hotel. The room was a little small but, we weren't there to just be in the room. Everything worked great and didn't have any problems. I love the fact that hilton's have recently updated all there beds and bedding. It is so nice to have a good nights sleep even though you are staying at a hotel.The Grand Ballroom is beautiful and has a cozy feel to it. The food at the banquet was great!We ate breakfast at the Pavillion, an in hotel resturant. It was a little pricey for what you got, but we were in the city and prices are a bit higher there. I would not recommend there omletes as the eggs were not real eggs. The waiter was great and very helpful if we needed anything.Check out was a breeze.Parking was 41.00 for non-valet and you need to get your ticket validated at the check-in desk.What a great piece of history to be in.	
Jan 27 2008	Service not what it use to be	We just returned from a stay at this hotel. We have gone to this hotel every year for the last 10 yrs. The hotel is beautiful, service is great --- but this year we were alittle disappointed. The room was ok, lots of renovating going on. The food was not as good as normal. We always do the breakfast buffet - best deal for your money - there was no omelets when we asked about this they said it was due to the fact the numbers are down in the hotel, so many of the normal food items were not available this weekend. We also noted that normally there is a shuttle to the shopping district., again this weekend it was not available. The hotel is very nice and you can get great deals on the web. But overall this year we were not as happy with the hotel as in previous visits. Our group has decided to try again next year just to see if this was just an 'off weekend&quot; for the hotel. (which we hope it was) The past 9 years have been great.	
Jan 18 2008 	Thanksgiving in Chicago and Im Scottish	This was a truly magical Christmas experience so much so that we have stayed there 3 times and would go back every year. Kitty O'Shea's and Buckinghams steakhouse in the hotel were brilliant.The decoraion in the hotel was OUT OF THIS WORLD, there was a pianist playing classical and Christmas Carols throughout the day. There is a huge tree and wooden life size soldiers greet you at the door. There is no escaping the festive season.The facilities and rooms are immaculate and very spacious considering this is a city centre hotel. We had a view into Millenium park which was great to see when the snow was falling heavy.Although not 'on' the mile please do not let this put you off we enjoyed walking each day to really experience Chicago. State street is only a few blocks away and the shopping is fantastic. Anywhere they could hang a wreath with a big red bow it was there, even the police horses had wee santa hats on. There are always sales on the day after thanks giving so take your plastic.	
Jan 15 2008 	The Hilton was great!	My daughter booked the Hilton for a 2-night stay as a gift to me and it was wonderful. She was concerned that it was not on &quot;the mile&quot; but it wasn't an issue at all. The L is very close and a cab ride was very reasonable - if you want to ride to the heart of things. There is also a free shuttle from the hotel to the Miracle Mile that ran hourly, but only until 5:00 pm. If you are in Chicago to visit museums the location is great as they are walking distance. The hotel has the grandeur that you only find in older hotels, which I love. In warmer months I am sure the location is a real plus as it is right across from the park. The room was beautiful and had two bathrooms - which was an added bonus. We had dinner in the Irish Pub and the food was great. I would definitely stay here again when in Chicago.	
Jan 11 2008 	Christmas 	Travelled with my 2 children and hubby to Chicago from Dec 24th - Jan 3rd. Had the most wonderful stay at the Hilton, the staff could not do enough for us. Booked and paid for a two double bed room with bathroom. When we arrived we were upgraded to a 2 double bedroom with 2 bathrooms and given a lake view. It must have been the irish accent!! The hotel was beautifully decorated for christmas and it also had a great buzz about it. The health centre was great to relax in after a day of sights and shopping.The food was lovely though a little on the expensive side. Free paper every day of our stay. Free shuttle bus to the mag mile every day from 10am - 5pm. Also received free drinks in Kitty O'Sheas when they heard I was from Limerick. The barmans relatives were from Clare. Buddy Guys Blues Bar is around the corner from the Hotel, had a great night there and met the man himself, the highlight of the trip for my husband. He sat and spoke with us for over an hour and signed many autographs for us. Overall we found the hotel, the people, shops, food and sights fantastic. As Frank Sinatra says &quot; Its my kinda town&quot;.	
Jan 2 2008	Beautiful Hotel with Amazing Service	We had a great experience at this hotel. The hotel is Huge! The rooms were very clean, well appointed, and our room was very roomy with a great view of the snow covered park. The Staff was so nice and very helpfull. Donald, at the the Concierge desk scored us tickets to WICKED the day of the performance, and on a Holiday weekend too. They were great seats and a reasonable price. He worked very hard for us to see that show.They truely topped off what was a Fun New Years Celebration. This will be my first pick when I return in the spring.	
Dec 22 2007	Great Hotel Great Location	The HIlton Chicago is a huge convention hotel with 1500+ rooms. Although built in the 1920's, the hotel has been nicely refurbished while keeping with period decor. The public areas are well maintained. My room was very clean and comfortable with modern furnishings. The only negative thing I encountered was a buildup of rust around the bathtub drain that should have been cleaned up before the room was assigned to a guest.The hotel has an extensive gym with a variety of workout equipment, an indoor track, and an indoor pool. The gym also has locker room facilities. The restaurant across from the front desk offers a very nice and extensive buffet. Luggage storage facilities are available for a $2 per bag fee if you have an afternoon flight. The hotel also has a business center with a copy machine and computers with Internet access, but you must pay for use of this equipment.Overall, I had a very pleasant and comfortable three night stay. Every hotel employee I had contact with was pleasant, friendly, and helpful. If you plan ahead you can find sub $100 room rates during the &quot;off&quot; and &quot;shoulder&quot; seasons, which is a great deal for such a nice hotel. The hotel is located at the corner of Balbo and Michigan Ave. Although the hotel is south of the &quot;loop&quot;, downtown and a variety of public transportation alternatives are within just a few minutes walk.HOW TO GET TO THE HILTON ON PUBLIC TRANSPORTFrom O'HARE:Take the Blue Line train towards Forest Park. Get off at the Jackson Street Station. Transfer to the Red Line train by walking down the stairs in the center of the platform (look for the Red Line signs). Follow the tunnel to the Jackson Street Red Line Station and take a Red Line train towards 95/Dan Ryan. Get off at the next stop (Harrison Street). Take the escalator up to the fare gates and exit to the right. At the top of the stairs, turn right and walk south on State Street one block to Balbo Street. Turn left and walk one block to Wabash Street. The entrance to the Hilton is on your right in the center of the block.PUBLIC TRANSIT TO THE CHICAGO SIGHTSI recommend you purchase a visitor pass. The passes are a great deal and allow you unlimited use of buses, subways, and some trains; 1-Day=$5, 2-Day=$9, 3-Day=$12, 5-Day=$18.To the FIELD MUSEUM and SHEDD AQUARIUMExit the hotel via the Michigan Ave doors. Walk 1/2 block to Balbo Street and cross the street (towards the lake). The bus shelter is on the other side of the street. Take the #146 bus. It's about a 7 minute bus ride. On a nice day you can walk to these museums in about 20-25 minutes.TO the SCIENCE and INDUSTRY MUSEUMWalk to the bus stop described above and take the #6 or #10 bus. It's about a 12-15 minute bus ride to the museum.TO the CHICAGO HISTORY MUSEUMWalk to the bus stop at Dearborn and Harrison (about 4 blocks) and take the #22 bus towards downtown. The bus stops across the street from the museum at North and Clark Streets. Alternatively, you can take the Red Line train (towards Howard) and get off at the Clark Division Station. Exit via the Clark Street S.E. exit. Walk up the stairs and the bus stop is right there. Or, go left and walk four blocks up Clark Street to the museumTO the NAVY PIERWalk to the bus stop at Balbo and State Streets (1.5 blocks). Take the #29 &quot;Navy Pier&quot; bus.TO the MAGNIFICENT MILE &amp; HANCOCK TOWERExit the hotel via the Michagan Ave doors, turn left and walk to the corner of Balbo, cross the street, then cross Michigan Ave. The bus stop is a few steps from the corner. Take the #3 or #10 bus (about a 10-12 minute ride).Enjoy your stay in Chicago!	
Dec 16 2007 	Great Stay at a First Class Hotel	If you enjoy staying at a landmark hotel with a bustling lobby, private parties, special events, a busy lounge, an international flavor, and multiple good restaurants and dining options, this is the place. The building is a full city block in length with 25 floors of guest rooms plus suites. We stayed for a long weekend (Thurs through Sun.) a couple of weeks before Christmas. Our room was in the towers portion of the hotel, and it was quite large with two bathrooms. The room was clean, the bed was great, and the housekeeping staff was very attentive. We booked the option that includes a continental breakfast and afternoon appetizers on the concierge floor with the room rate, but these services were only available on Sunday. Instead, we were given coupons to use at the ground floor restaurant. This worked out fine in our case.A complementary shopping shuttle leaves from the hotel on an hourly basis every day and takes guests up Michigan Ave., north of the river, to the various department stores. You need to plan your day a little bit to make efficient use of the shuttle, and hotels located on the Magnificent Mile are more convenient if you plan to spend all of your time shopping. They’re also more expensive. Valet parking for your car costs $45.00 per day which seems to be the going rate downtown. You can self park within a couple blocks of the hotel for about $20.00 per day if you wish. The only irritating aspect of our stay involved internet access. Although wireless is available to hotel guests, there is an hourly, daily, or weekly charge to use it. Considering that wireless internet is available for free at most coffee shops and even inexpensive hotels and motels, this seems like a bit much. We had a great stay and plan to return again next year.	
Dec 14 2007 	Nice place to stay	I stayed for 4 days in the Hilton Chicago during the conference in Nov 2007. I have not spent much time in the hotel, but like the gym and swimming pool that opens very early in the morning. My room, for some reason, has 2 bathrooms, which will be good for 2 or more people. However, I stay alone, so it kinds of interesting room to have. The location is very closed to the Art Institute and the Millenium Park and is not too long a walk to Magnificent mile downtown area. The buffet breakfast is good with wide selection. The checkout kiosk allows you to print out your boarding pass, and it is a nice touch.	
Dec 10 2007 	Great Hotel but bad check out procedures	The Chicago Hilton at 720 S. Michigan Ave. is a very elegant and comfortable hotel. We had a room with 2 beds and 2 full bathrooms. The beds were well equipped with several pillows, very comfortable mattresses and a wonderful down comforter. Got great sleep in this hotel bed. The bathrooms were very nice as well. They had wonderful modern tile and looked very nice. I must admit I thought having 2 bathrooms for 2 people in a hotel was a bit extreme, but my husband and I enjoyed each having our own bathroom with room to spread out our own toiletries. The only complaint about the hotel is that the check out procedures were annoying. We were given an &quot;invoice&quot; under our door on the morning of check out that didn't show a zero balance. It showed no number at all and I wanted to make sure I wasn't charged anything that I shouldn't have been. We were given 3 options for checkout: on the TV, by telephone, or self service kiosks in the lobby. I tried the TV which froze up while trying to locate my account (twice). Then decided to try the lobby kiosks which were all off-line. Finally just left my keys with the concierge and asked him to let registration know that we were checking out. Never got confirmation that I wasn't charged anything extra. Overall it took us over 20 minutes to try to check out between waiting for the TV, waiting for an elevator and trying to get the kiosks to work. Twenty minutes of annoyance wasn't enough to ruin our stay though. Overall, a great hotel!! Highly recommended.	
Dec 10 2007 	Luxurious Stay!	This hotel was fantastic - everyone was helpful and nice, but I think that's just a regular characteristic of native Chicago people! Everything was very clean, great food in the hotel, and the location was fantastic. Short walk or short taxi ride to shopping and an awesome park right out front.	
Dec 9 2007	Good location busy and tired hotel	Starting with the positives, the hotel is well located with Grant Park out front facing onto Lake Michigan. Millenium Park (with its sculptures) is a short walk North, there are a couple of good museums just to the South, the L is only a couple of blocks away and the &quot;magnificent mile&quot; shopping district is a ~20 min walk. There's also a great blues bar - Buddy Guy's House of Blues - right behind, with live shows nightly.The down side is that the hotel is huge and (at least when I was there) very busy - all the facilities were creaking at the seams, with queues for breakfast, not seats in the bars etc. The rooms were OK, nothing exceptional and kinda worn.	
Dec 5 2007 	Top-notch hotel!	I’ve stayed here twice…once years ago and this time for a holiday shopping trip. I loved it both times. Elegant, classy and filled with extras most downtown hotels do not offer, the Hilton might be a little off the beat and path but it’s well worth the cab rides. Both STANDARD rooms I’ve stayed in have come with two bathrooms. Both times I was here with friends and that extra bathroom is a true luxury! The staff is very pleasant and efficient and the range of services and amenities are some of the best in town. It would be hard to find a hotel that can beat this one for its class!	
Dec 3 2007 	Just Beautiful	We stayed here from Nov. 30 to Dec 2 and had a wonderful time. The hotel is just beautiful and the service was excellent from check in to the maid staff to the bartenders in Kitty O'Shea's.We had a room with a king bed that was very comfortable and had very nice feather pillows. You can request other types if you have a problem with feathers. The large flat screen TV was very nice. Bath products were by Crabtree &amp; Evelyn and included shampoo, conditioner, mouthwash and bady lotion. Plenty of coffee was provided.We drank and had snacks at Kitty O'Shea's. The crowd was fun and there was live Irish folk music each night. Good selection of beer and good Shepards Pie, Cheese Dip and Crisps!The location worked very well for us. We walked to the Art Museum and Buddy Guys Blues Club is right across the street. And shopping was a breeze using the shuttle! The cab ride to the Museum of Science and Industry was quite far though and cost about $15 each way. An excellent weekend getaway!	
Nov 29 2007 	Fabulous Hotel	The Hotel looked exactly like it does in the photos on the website. Absolutely beautiful!Staff very friendly and our room was really lovely - very comfortable bed - exceptionally clean and 2 full bathrooms!We had room service and also ate in the restaurants - all very good.We also took advantage of the free shuttle to downtown shopping. Very reliable, pleasant driver.If you are visiting Chicago - definitely stay here.Highly recommended.	
Nov 21 2007 	Par Excellence	This is a stunning hotel in an excellent location in the greatest of US cities. The entrance and lobby of the hotel indicates its class. The bedrooms are large and comfortable and the customer service is second to none. It is located on South Michigan directly across the road from Grant and Millenium Park. It also has a free shuttle to the Water Tower in the heart of the Magnificent Mile. For Blues fans, Buddy Guy's Legends Club is situated immediately behind the Hotel.Highly recommended.	
Nov 11 2007 	Terrific Customer Service	I've had the privilege of staying at Hilton's flagship hotel several times, and this hotel lives up to its legends. It's stunning entrance and lobby contain miles of marble and priceless chandeliers. Its elegance is anticipated, and hasn't failed to thrill me yet. The staff, from check-in to room service to check-out exemplify that same elegance - they simply and obviously enjoy helping guests and go out of their way to show it. The guest rooms are well-equipped and outstandingly comfortable beds can only be topped by incredible views of Lake Michigan. My son lives in Chicago, and I'm happy to visit him anytime. Oh - one more thing - don't miss the fried fish from one of their restaurants. I live in Wisconsin, and we eat a lot of fish; really, a lot - but nothing I've found lives up to this simple dish at the Hilton.	
Nov 6 2007 	good hotel but reservations	The Hilton is a massive hotel which may not be to everyone's taste. The location (about 25 minutes walk from the heart of the Magnificant Mile but opposite Grant Park) would not be the best for some.Pros:-Generally big rooms in good condition (some rooms have small bathrooms others have 2!)good buffet breakfastlively Irish bar (avoid it on Saturdays unless you like very loud live Irish folk music)Amazing top floor suites (one has a grand piano, bar, pool table and 3 bedrooms)Magnificent entrance quick modern lifts (even have CNN showing in them)ConsLarge queues for taxis in the eveningslocation is not great for shopping and restaurants (although Gioco 2 block away is very good)Size makes it impersonallong lines at check in at peak times	
Nov 4 2007 	Loved it!!!	We travel to Chicago once or twice a year and have stayed in many hotels, but none so far has been as nice as the Hilton! First, we got 2 rooms, 2 nights for $90/night on Priceline! Our double room (2117) had 2 bathrooms and a beautiful view of the Field Museum and lake. The room was spacious and the beds and linens were ultra comfortable. 2 nice large mugs for the coffee maker. Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries. A free computer for printing boarding passes. Spacious bars and lobbies to enjoy drinks. A delicious breakfast buffet with omelet station. An excellent workout room with a track, many machines and a lap pool of about 22 meters at a good swimming temperature. Friendly service, professional staff. We also had a chance to see a few celebrities, which was fun. I know some prefer to be closer to &quot;the Mile&quot; but I simply loved this place and can't complain about one thing. Never had trouble getting a cab, catching an elevator, etc. I want to go back!	
Oct 29 2007 	Fancy!	I love this hotel! The main entrance is so grand and beautiful with the fresco on the ceiling. We were treated like royalty by the front desk, who also upgraded us for free to a double bathroom and lakefront view. I usually stay with family in Chicago but I needed a hotel by Soldier Field for an early work meeting. The hotel bar (not the pub, but the other one) made some great martinis, just how I like them. I would definitely stay here again!	
Oct 25 2007	Just got back	Just got back from Chicago after spending 2 Nights at the Hilton. Our room was at the back of the hotel, though very nice, clean the beds I believe were not very big for American standards i would say it was an english 4ft 6in though we did have 2 bathrooms. There was a constant sound of Metro Trains but you did get use to it. The swimming pool and Gym were both excellant.Prices:A bottle of Water in the room $6Breakfast $22Taxi to O'Hare $40Storage of Luggage $2 per item Would recommend	
Oct 18 2007	Chicago Hilton eases Marathon Meltdown	My family recently stayed at the Chicago Hilton, on S. Michigan Ave, during our visit to the city for the 2007 Chicago Marathon. Even though the city/hotel were full of visitors for this event, the hotel staff made us feel welcome. Rooms are spacious and we were pleasantly surprised to find 2 bathrooms in our double room. We arrived early to the hotel (10am) and were allowed to check in immediately. Rooms was spacious, clean &amp; quiet. Staff was attentive and provided almost immediate response to a problem with mini bar (our key didn't work). The bar (Kitty O'Sheas, I believe) was convenient and offered a nice place to relax for drinks, as we were always able to find a seat. My only complaint is that we were forced to pay $2 per bag to check luggage. Usually, it is my experience that this ammenity is on a &quot;tip basis&quot; for hotel guest. Location was convenient for the marathon (just across from Grant Park), but a bit south of Magnificant Mile. Use the train system if you're not in a hurry. We rode several times and found it to be clean &amp; safe. Hotel staff &amp; CTA staff were helpful with directions.	
Oct 13 2007 	What 4 stars means (not 5)	Spent 4 days for a convention in October. Hotel is well located near major attrctions, particularly Soldier Field and museums. Building itself is old, but well maintained and with timeless style.Overall service is professional and well delivered, with the scale of the hotel it is difficult to offer really personal service (there are over 1500 rooms).Room was a European style double/double with two very nice bathrooms. My room was on Executive Floor which had its own elevator, lounge area and probably some addtional room features such as a little coffee maker, big TV and robes.Executive lounge is simple and offers basic continental breakfast and snacks. Nothing to write home about. Alcohol is charged, but bottled water and soft drinks are available throughout the day comp.Kitty O'Shea's is affordable and convenient, although its menu is very simple and the food mainly fried bar food - since it really is a bar. Hotel has several restaurants of varying style and price point, generally good to very good overall.Biggest problem for me was that they did not service my room for 36 hours (despite calls to housekeeping) for no apparent reason. When brought to the manager's attention they came at once and volunteered to comp a night's stay as a courtesy. They had no explanation how my room got missed only that it was unintentional. I was satisfied with this repsonse.Taxis to downtown are about $10 with tip, bus is out in front of hotel and walking is viable option in good weather along Michigan Avenue.I would stay here anytime I am in Chicago, especially if you can get an internet rate.	
Oct 7 2007 	Couldnt ask for more!	We went on a girls trip to take my best friends daughter to American Girl. We looked at so many hotels and couldnt make up our mind because of prices, answer to that was Priceline. We got an excellent rate that was more than half off of what they were asking on there website. Once we arrived we were so impressed. This hotel is huge! You would never guess from looking at the outside. We got there pretty late, after midnight. So check in was very easy for us. Our room was gorgous. A double with 2 bathrooms. Which came in alot of handy with a room of 4 girls. Beds were extremely comfortable, and the water super hot! Once we got our bearings of where we were it was very easy to get around. We did alot of walking, but I must say I enjoyed it. If your tired of walking theres always a bus, taxi, or trolley close by to get you where your going. I would definitely w/ out a doubt stay here again for our next Chi-Town adventure!	
Oct 6 2007 	Perfect Stay!	The Hilton Chicago was simply perfect. The room was a good size, but not as large as your chain hotels generally offer.We were on the executive floor thanks go to a Gold upgrade. The evening reception was nice, but all alcoholic drinks were quite expensive at about $8.00 each. Also, the breakfast was kind of, well, pathetic. Comparing this to say, the Hilton Toronto, it needs improvement. In Toronto, Hilton offered all drinks for free, as well as a spread that was more than acceptable for a light meal. However, the room was comfortable and spottless, and all of the employees we encountered were friendly and helpful.The only downside to this hotel is charge for leaving your bags. If you want to check your luggage for any amount of time, you'll be charged $2.00/bag. If you don't want to leave right away, it's cheaper to have your car brought up by the valet, then have them return it. Just tip for the service!I'll stay at this hotel again! I just don't recommend paying for the executive floor.	
Oct 4 2007 	Wonderful Hotel!!!!!	My Husband and I returned from our stay in Chicago on Monday October 1, 2007 after staying there for a weekend birthday trip. After reviewing several hotels in the area, I chose this one for my husband’s birthday one because of the price and two because of the location. I must say the hotel was worth the money and the staff are excellent, we had a problem with our first room, just a hint if you don’t like noise then room 654 is not for you, every 10 minutes you can here a loud screeching noise from the air compressor turning on, I called the front desk to request a new room a staffer immediately came to our room with a key to another room on the 11 floor and ready to move our bags no questions asked. This room was better with the view and it also had 2 gorgeous bathrooms which I loved and so did my husband, I was able to take as much time as I needed to get ready in the mornings. The beds were very comfortable and it was nice to know that there were restaurants in the hotel to suit every person’s taste buds. I found nothing in the hotel that I didn’t like, the only thing the hotel needs is a shuttle to and from the airports that would be a plus. We enjoyed staying within walking distance from Millennium park and the Museums and the best food places mainly pizza also catching the free trolley to the Navy Pier and other attractions. If you’re looking for a reasonable breakfast I recommend the Savoy restaurant located next door to the hotel. We would definitely stay again!!!!!!!!	
Oct 1 2007	Great hotel for the price!	Got a room for $90 of from Priceline. We took a train in from Michigan City and the hotel was only a 3 block walk once we got down there. We arrived just before 5:00 on a Friday, and had no line at all checking in. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Our room had a fantastic view of the city, and was plenty big for 3 of us. The beds seemed a little small, but were very comfortable. Other than sleeping, we didn't really spend a whole lot of time at the hotel, but it fit our needs perfectly. I had never booked with priceline before, and the only problem I had was trying to get a room w/2 beds, but after 2 phone calls and 2 emails, I finally got my request approved. The hotel also tried to charge us for a bottle of water from the mini-bar that we never took, but a simple phone call got that fixed.Overall, a beautiful hotel, great beds, great price...would definitely stay there again!	
Oct 1 2007 	Nice hotel but not great.	My wife and I stayed at the Hilton over a weekend while visiting friends. Overall, the hotel is nice but it does have a few bad quirks. First off, the location of the hotel is pretty good. Right across from Grant Park, and only about a 20 minute walk from Michigan Avenue shopping. I was disappointed we had to settle for a room with 2 double beds. However, I knew ahead that just because we requested a king bed didn't necessarily mean we'd get it. We did get a park and water view which was nice. The beds are very comfortable, the TV is nice, and the room was very clean overall. The bathroom was nice and clean, but the handles on the sink were pointed in different directions. It was no big deal, but I thought it looked sort of trashy. Also, I didn't like how much money the hotel charged for everything. A $6 bottle of water in the room, soft drinks for $3, and $41 per day for parking! Typical prices for big hotels I guess. I just drank tap water and we parked in the Grant Park South garage for $25 per day. I guess we can't complain too much since we got our room for $100 per night on Priceline, but I wouldn't pay full price to stay here.	
Sep 30 2007 	Great stay!!!	Friend and I were in town for Lollapalooza. Huge room on executive floor - 2 beds and 2 bathrooms. I have to say it again - 2 BATHROOMS!!! :) the location of the hotel is great!! Its truly one of the grand hotels. I'm happy to see the hotel restored to its grandeur. there were several things going on in the hotel but elevator waits were kept to a minimum thanks to the 10 or so elevators in the lobby. Hilton Honors check in was a breeze. executive lounge was a bit busy at times but a great feature. The breakfast was pretty good (standard cold cereals, bagels, pastries, coffee, tea juice.) The small water bottles made bringing several bottles back to your room quite easy. Employees were cheerful and comical - which is a great way to start the day. Had no issues with A/C - there was a note to use caution when opening windows as the lack of screens allows mosquitoes to enter the room. room service every night - food was FRESH, hot and delicious. Had several options for those that have a healthier lifestyle (ie: fruit cup instead of french fries!) and plenty of snackables for everyone. I would stay here again!	
Sep 27 2007 	Great!	We stayed here over the summer for 5 nights and had a great time! A huge twin room with 2 bathrooms was perfect for me and my friend, and made our stay very comfortable.The hotel is massive so prepare yourself to do some exploring, but the staff were always helpful in pointing you to your destination. Surprisingly for a large hotel, and part of a chain, they really make you feel welcome.Location wise this was perfect for us right opposite Grant Park, and about a 15/20 minute walk from the main shoppin area.As an added benefit there was a pretty good 'Irish Bar' downstairs where you could get a decent burger and a beer.	
Sep 22 2007 	Fantastic stay	Stayed at the Chicago Hilton for three nights and from the minute we walked through the door I was very impressed. Check-in was quick, easy and I was very glad that we were able to check in despite being earlier than the advertised check-in time. We were given a twin room with two bathrooms which was brilliant. It made getting ready to go out much quicker! The hotel location is great opposite the park, which is a must see. Although located on South Michigan Ave it is easily within walking distance of all the shops and sights of the whole of Michigan Ave. Would also recommend the street one block back from Michigan Ave for good shopping. For breakfast I would recommend grabbing a muffin, croissant or bagel from the bar just past reception rather than going for the more expensive breakfast in the restaurant. For evening entertainment Kitty O'Sheas is a must. Typical Irish bar with good drinks and live music.Finally the bed at Hilton Chicago is the most comfortable bed ever. I would have taken it home if I could! Definately made for a good nights sleep.	
Sep 20 2007 	Quite an experience	I stayed there on September 9th, 2007, as I was in Chicago to watch BRASIL play the United States in soccer at Soldier Field. BRASIL 4 - U.S. 2!!! So, the hotel's location was ideal, as Soldier Field is just a few blocks away. I lived in Chicago, where I learned that this hotel was historic, classy, and expensive. Therefore, going back and staying there was a treat. Obviously, I was able to do so thanks to a Hotwire deal ($105).The hotel is clean, safe, and luxurious. Inexplicably, I was given a room with two beds and two bathrooms. But I did not complain. And I was able to collect a double ration of Hilton-quality toiletries, which made a nice gift for my wife.One note of caution: parking at this hotel is expensive. But it is expensive throughout downtown. There are public lots nearby, so you may want to comparison shop. Since I was staying one night I opted to keep my car in-house.	
Sep 20 2007 	Very nice Hotel	We stay at Hilton for 4 nights last march. It was a pleasant stay. We got a large room with 2 double beds and 2 bathrooms, The TV was Ok, a 27' CRT Flat Screen. The coincierge was very friendly when we need. The room was very cleaned when we arrived, we ordered some pizzas from room service and the pizza was Ok also.The main Hall is beautiful.The breakfast is charged, 20 dollars, kinda expensive.The internet access (WiFi) is charged, 13 dollars/day.Pros: Low rate price, huge rooms, close to attractions at Loop, close to metro station.Cons: Expensive breakfast, Internet access charged.Tip: When leaving the building, always use the Michigan Av exit. Its a great view.	
Sep 17 2007	Hilton Chicago was great!	My wife and I had a great stay at this hotel. Don't be scared by overly critical reviews. We booked through Priceline for $102 per night. Definitely worth the deal. For over $200 though, I would probably look to stay at a hotel centered in the Mag mile, unless you are a runner like me and LOVE the location directly across from Grant Park. Also, this location keeps you out of the Times Square-like crowds around the Mag mile hotels. Room was great. Location across from parks and lake was great. Free shuttle to shopping was great. Don't miss Yolk for breakfast (a few blocks to the South). If you go see Wicked (fantastic), be sure to have dinner at Petterino's nearby. The food and service were excellent, well worth the $$$. Park Grill at Millenium Park was also a great dinner- great food in a chic, but relaxed atmosphere- best scallops I've ever had. Trout and Kobe burger were also great.	
Sep 10 2007 	Decent place to stay	This is one of the &quot;famous 3 hotels&quot; in Chicago (others being the Drake and Palmer House). Location is good, although a little far south along Grant Park if you are wanting to do mostly Mag Mile activities. But it is a short walk to many train connections. Hotel is beautiful, lobby and ballrooms are legendary. I got a cheap ($125) room on Priceline on the start day of a major convention. They did give me a nice lake view framed with Shedd/Adler to the right and Burnham Harbor in front of me. Room was fine, bathroom spacious and quiet overall. Only complaint was that a lamp base was broken on the vanity next to my bad, which should have been caught. Room as clean enough, and as an Honors member there is free bottled water (not chilled though) in the room. If you get a good price and plan activities in the Loop/South Loop/Mag Mile, or points west and south, this is a pretty good choice. Food in Kitty O'Shea's (Irish pub off the lobby) was good and service friendly. Pretty pricey, though no surprise there. Chicago was great as always!!	
Sep 10 2007 	Loved This Hotel!	My stay was quick but awesome. After a long day, seeing a substantial line at check-in was a bit of a groaner, but then i saw the self-serve kiosks. i was checked in with keys in hand in under 3 minutes. in the morning i was able to check out on the TV in my room. the hotel is a beautiful historic landmark with all the amenities of a modern hotel and all the charm of its 1927 origins. The bed was FABULOUSLY comfortable. i wish i could live there. they have many rooms wtih 2 bathrooms. i stayed in a room like that once with a friend and we didn't know ahead of time that we had two bathrooms. talk about squeals of delight. that was about 7 years ago in virginia beach. i was by myself at the hilton and had no need for a room with two bathrooms, but it's the first time i've seen this since. what a great feature!	
Sep 5 2007 	Large rooms! 2 Baths!	I got an incredible deal at the Hilton in downtown Chicago. What a great hotel! The room had two beds and two baths! Great location. People were friendly and the concierge was very helpful. My only complaint is that parking is outrageously expensive; but Grant Park public parking lot is only a few blocks down. I highly recommend it, especially if you get a good deal.	
Sep 4 2007 	Truly a Grand Hotel	We got really lucky on Priceline and got the Chicago Hilton. Truly a historic marvel. We were in awe when we walked in since we weren't expecting much. You should get a tour. We were lucky - the manager greeted us in the morning and kindly offered a personal tour. The swimming pool is very nice (free) and so is the gym ($15/day). Our room was just OK. The beds were small - we asked for 2 doubles. It caters to conventions so I think the double beds might be undersized to accommodate those who want to share rooms. Also, The room was quite warm and we couldn't get it to cool. But this place is an experience and right across from Grant Park. Memorable time!	
Aug 24 2007 	Wonderful stay	We have stayed in this hotel for three nights. It is located at Michigan Avenue. Near to the Buckinham Fountain. The Sears Tower, Millennium Park, Magnificent Mile, State Street and the El ar at walking distance of the hotel. When walking is to far, public transportation can be found near to the hotel.The hotel was excellent. A very friendly staf. The room was clean, the beds were okay and the bathroom was perfect. The pool was great. The view from the jacuzzi was unforgetable. We saw the Sears Towers from the jacuzzi.!!We liked the atmosphere and the grandeur of the hotel.We had the perfect stay in Chicago.	
Aug 20 2007 	Fabulous hotel	We stayed here for three nights earlier in the month and were not disappointed.We were allocated a huge room with two very comfortable large beds and a well appointed bathroom containing lovely soft towels. The room had a marvellous view of Lake Michigan, showing the Navy Pier to the left and Soldier Field to the right, which was particularly good for watching the fireworks one evening! The breakfast buffet had everything you would want to eat to start the day and the food in the Kitty O'Sheas was very good value.The only downside were the lifts which you had to wait ages for. At the time we were visiting there was a large contingent of accountants on their annual conference so the hotel was very full which probably didn't help.Taking everything into account, we would certainly stay at this hotel again in the future and would recommend it without reservation.	
Aug 19 2007 	Disappointing for the Cost	We were disappointed with our recent stay for two nights at the Hilton Chicago. We paid more to stay here, wanting higher quality in both room and service. We received neither. The reservation for a king room was changed without reason to a double. Our phone didn't work. The non-smoking room smelled of stale smoke, and the overall property was weathered. The front desk could have been friendlier. Nothing terrible, just not worth the money. In addition, we thought the hotel was too far from the river, as we seemed to be there often. The walk was too much three or four times a day. I'd recommend the Four Points Sheridan if you want to stay in the &quot;real&quot; downtown.	
Aug 17 2007 	Enjoyable stay	I spent 7 days here attending a Conference so my enjoyment was probably added to by spending time with friends. It is certainly a large, impressive building. I did not have a view but my bedroom and bathroom were large and clean. I was surprised to find I could plug in a hairdryer right next to the sink and chose to use a bedroom plug. It was disappointing not to have use of a fridge unless I paid extra. The coffee making machine did not work with tea bags, the tea tasted of coffee!I used The Pavilion to eat a lot and was very impressed with the buffett. Good, varied choice including as much fresh fruit as you wanted. One morning I was tempted to order from the menu - chocolate toast and maple syrup - delicious but expensive as you then pay extra for tea, orange juice etc. Also used Kitty O'Sheas for snacks and drinks.It was lovely to be able to step outside the hotel and across to the park for a break; hotel is excellent location for the parks, sculptures, fountains, Art museum. There are many other attractions in walking distance.The pool is not as nice as it looks in the hotel picture, but adequate. I was disappointed it closed at 9pm instead of 11. On the last but one day in my room no fresh toiletries or towels were provided, or empty tissues refilled, which I thought was a bit mean, I still had 24 hours to stay.Bellboys were very busy when I wanted to leave and I had an electrician knock on my door and take me and my cases in the service elevator as they were clearing my floor for maintenance so felt a bit rushed.The last night a large number of Conference attendees were taken ill. Food poisoning was suspected from the closing banquet, but since then the Chicago Dept of Public Health have informed them it was probably a norovirus.Apart from that unfortunate ending, I had a great time but would personally probably prefer the Hilton Garden Inn over the Chicago for personal use, if I could then eat at the Pavilion!	
Aug 15 2007	Ok hotel - awful lifts!	Generally I enjoyed my stay here, but the major down side was the lifts. Getting to the room was easy enough - getting a lift back down from the 17th floor not so much! Although it looks like there are plenty, not all lifts go to every floor. This meant that we had to wait 10 minutes one day just to get to the lobby!!The hotel itself is huge - plenty to see and do with a nice little shop and a good value breakfast buffet. Staff were friendly and accommodating and the location was good for museums, transport and the tour which stops just outside. Also stopping outside is the airport shuttle - very handy and a flat fare so no worrying about the awful traffic raising your cab fare!There is a fitness centre and nice sized swimming pool (though a long way off 'olympic' sized as is quoted in some of the information I saw) but the day I went it was full of families flaunting the rules with small infants in the spas and diving into the lanes - I didn't bother to go again.	
Aug 7 2007	Beautiful hotel - fantastic stay	Our room was gorgeous! All that we requested was a king bed, and we were given a large room overlooking Lake Michigan! We could see Navy Pier and Soldier Field from our window.The bed was VERY comfortable! Our room also had two TV's, a couch, armchair, desk, bar (with sink and refrigerator), locked minibar (we did not request the key), and fabulous bathroom.The bathroom was stocked with namebrand shampoo and lotion as well as soft towels.The staff was always friendly and cabs were always waiting outside the hotel. It's walking distance to millenium park and a lot of restaraunts. We also visited 2 of the onsite bars and had excellent service at both. Prices are a little high, but relative to the area (Downtown Chicago).If you are looking for a relaxing stay - I'd recommend staying here! The only semi-negative was a long line at the front desk. We waited in it for check-in, but used the automated machine for express check-out with no problems.	
Aug 6 2007 	Beautiful Hotel Great Staff	My husband and I attended a convention at this hotel for three days and extended our visit to Chicago three more days, the hotel was generous to offer the same &quot;convention&quot; rate to our room for the additional days. We loved the hotel, the decor is a reminder of the early days of luxury hotels, and the staff still treats this gem with tender, loving care. From the friendly reception staff to the sweet housekeeper, we felt as though we were leaving friends when we checked out. Don't miss an opportunity to experience this grand dame of a hotel in downtown Chicago!	
Aug 4 2007 	Great Priceline Deal - Large slightly aged room.	The Hilton Chicago has beautiful common areas and ball rooms. But, the guest rooms are a bit older. We upgraded for $25/night to a huge 1-bedroom suite (bedroom plus main sitting room) with a lake view. When you are sold a lake view, you will be able to see the lake but don't be fooled like we were and expect a full 180-degree view.Like I said, the room decor and bathroom were nice but a bit aged. The bed was quite comfortable though, and there were lots of windows. We were at the end of a hall and were not at all disturbed by any noise. Room wise, we really don't have any complaints but don't have anything to rave about either. OK. Two complaints. The bathroom sink did not drain well. But, the bathroom had a large frosted window that let in lots of wonderful, natural light. Also, my wife found lots of spiders (6-8) in our room.The guy that checked us in was very nice but gave us misinformation about finding late night dining. The rest of the staff was quite pleasant except for the very grumpy gentlemen that work the baggage check counter. Watch out for them. Even a nice tip hardly evoked any friendliness.We only had one meal at the hotel. We ate at Buckingham's. The service was friendly but VERY slow, and the food while tasty, ended up making us both ill. We complained about it at check-out, and the hotel manager did credit us back for half of the dining bill which was nice.The hotel is in a decent location right next to Grant Park. But for most everything including getting food, we had to walk quite a way. There are other hotels in slightly more convenient locations such as Palmer House.Chicago Recommendations: We love Chicago in the summer! There are so many great events. If I had to recommend one thing to do there, it would be to rent bikes. The city is flat with excellent walking and bike paths for navigating the parks and lake front. The fireworks are fun too. Watch them from Navy Pier or next to Alder Planetarium or from a charter sail boat. We really enjoyed sailing with Windy City Sailing! Also check out the free dance lessons and dancing in Grant Park. Just arrive early so as not to miss the start of the lesson and grab some chairs.If you want to grab a cheap bite to eat close to the Hilton Chicago, there is a good little bar called South Loop Club at the corner of Balboa and State which is open until late. The best steakhouse is Chicago Chop House. Make a res. and eat there.We took the Blue Line to the Loop and then a cab from there but probably could have walked. It was fun taking the train, and we avoided traffic and saved some money.For a great deal on pricey Chicago hotels, use Priceline.com. We have had great success. Check out BiddingforTravel.com for bidding tips.	
Jul 31 2007	Loved it!!!!	Beautiful! Front desk was great! Rooms were immaculate....all in all, a great stay!	
Jul 25 2007 	Overall a good stay!!	I stayed here with a group of girlfriends during the taste of chicago! We got a deal through priceline as well. I had no problems during checkin and the staff were extremely helpful and pleasant! Our room was small compared to some 4 star hotels but on the plus side it did have 2 bathrooms and was very clean! The location was perfect as it was directly acrross the street to the taste!!On the downside - The internet was $20 a day and parking was expensive. Housekeeping did come to clean the room one day and we asked them to come back. They said they would come back later that afternoon and never did. We had to call housekeeping the next day to have someone come up to clean and get new towels.Overall I would stay here again!	
Jul 22 2007 	Great Hotel in a Great City	We booked our stay through Priceline.com and got a great deal. We were only staying one night and we had our 2 year old with us. At check-in, we were upgraded to a suite with a lake view of Lake Michigan. It was beautiful. The suite had a king bed with a living room and a bar and mini-fridge which we didn't need, but if we were staying longer, it would have been a godsend. This hotel is in close proximity with Grant Park which has the beautiful Buckingham Fountain. We walked around the park and even saw a movie being filmed....but if you are looking for a hotel with a lot of restaurants around it, this isn't the one. We ended up eating at the Irish Pub inside the hotel (Kitty O'Shea's) which has great food. (We have stayed here before and always end up eating here.) There are a lot of attractions within a mile including the Field Museum, Shedd Aquarium, Soldier Field, and Navy Pier. They may not be walking distance but we could see them from our hotel window. Overall, we had another wonderful stay at the Chicago Hilton. (Our 4th stay) The only downside is the expensive parking within the hotel.....41 dollars a night is kind of ridiculous.	
Jul 16 2007 	Not enough truly nonsmoking rooms	The Chicago Hilton is a decent place, but they do not have enough truly nonsmoking rooms. When I got there in the evening shortly after sunset, they had only two &quot;nonsmoking&quot; rooms left. Both had the smell of smoke in them, and the less stinky of the two had no bed (it was on the executive floor and was the living-room of a larger suite). It took the hotel 1 hour to get me a rollaway bed and another 1.5 hours to get me pillows and a blanket. They had claimed that the rollaway was as good as a regular bed at the front desk as well as promised that it would be complimentary. In reality, it was actually more of low sofabed quality and I had to go in person to the front desk at checkout to get the charge for it removed. To their credit, the front desk did give me a complimentary breakfast coupon and were generally very helpful. In addition, the location is convenient for the Park, buses, and not that far from the El station. Echoing one of the other reviewers, there were spiders outside the window even on the 20+ floors, and the outside of the windows was not that clean. They did charge for WiFi access.Basically, this hotel needs to enforce nonsmoking in their rooms. As it stands, there are not even prominently placed &quot;No Smoking&quot; signs and no &quot;There will be a $500 cleaning fee if you smoke in the room&quot; signs. If the hotel fixes their smoking problems, it would be a solid 4* hotel. But as of now, I can only give it 2 stars.	
Jul 15 2007 	Got a great deal on priceline and I was impressed...........	I was worried because of the reviews I read on here but boy was I shocked. I got 3 nights for $88.00 a night on priceline and I got a double room with 2 bathrooms. The rooms were very clean (and trust me I am picky). I thought by looking at the pictures here on tripadvisor that they would be old and dated but the pics don't do the hotel any justice. The staff was nice. The parking was a little high but I parked in garage for $6.25-$10.00 across the street. Most of all I loved not having to share a bathroom with my husband.	
Jul 11 2007 	Keep It Movin'	I was far from impresssed. This is NOT an appropriate hotel for a tourist. Impersonal and way too vast. They also charge an arm and a leg for EVERYTHING. They even went as far to charge me to keep my luggage for three lousy hours! And of course I had to tip the guys on top of that $2.00 fee per luggage piece. Outrageous. They charge for everything which might be okay if you are on an unlimited expense account but not for a traveler. They even charge to use the internet which is totally uncalled for. I never experienced this but I hear it is typical of these large hotel chains. The room was large enough and the bed was comfortabel. That being said, the bathroom was very worn and old looking. Not well maintained with a light out and chipped sink. Not up to Hilton standards, that's for sure. Location is good enough however, I could not wait to get out of there as it was kaos everyday with some convention going on and massive stream of people cutting you off on your way to the elevator or exiting. I would not stay there again, that's for sure. Pass on this one and quite frankly, keep in moving.	
Jul 9 2007	ok but nothing to write home about.	I stayed here when going to a concert at CharterOne Pavilion because it was farily close by. It was a nice room, especially the bed. Lovely bathroom. BUT Parking is much too expensive. And it's lovely that this hotel is pet friendly, it's just not so great when the walls are thin and you can hear your neighbor's yappy dog!The worst of all, is that they charge for late check outs. SO tacky. I'd stay here again if I was in town for a conference.	
Jul 5 2007 	One of the worst hotels in the world	OK. So I needed a hotel for a somewhat reasonable rate and everyone on here was quite kind. So I booked it. Well, we get in on Tuesday eve, late, 3 July and there is one person at reception and simply crazy goings on in the lobby. Low class people. White trash, Others you can figure out for yourself. It was like a circus. If I were 19, this might have been fun. Sorry, been there, done that.We go to our room. A jr. suite. Well, you get off on the floor and it's dimly lit. Bordello's are better lit than this joint. And it stinks. We get to our room and it smells like fee, a&amp;&amp; and cigarettes. Mindyou this is a non-smoking room. The room is dimly lit, spiders are hanging outside the windows, the furniture is old, the carpet reeks of wet feet and I-don't-know-what-else. I can't go on. Simply DO NOT STAY HERE. If they pay you to stay here, say NO THANK YOU.Absolute pit. They should implode it and start over. What was once a flagship hotel is now a hole. Period.	
Jul 4 2007	Convention paradise	We were at a company convention in the Chicago Hilton. A massive hotel with many function rooms and facilities. The rooms were amazingly large (and nice) for a city centre hotel. Conveniently located on Michigan and close to the Millenium Park and other attractions. Too big to call anything other than functional. Food was bland.	
Jul 3 2007 	Nice place to stay	Booked this using hotwire and got a good deal. It was an enjoyable few nights and I would highly recommend it from the facilities available in the hotel to its location. It was a short walk to Millenium park and a short walk to the El system.	
Jun 28 2007 	Elegant but old and it does show	I was in town for a conference at McCormick Place (btw, it's about an $8 cab ride to McCormick + tip). The hotel is BIG and the lobby areas are quite posh, almost as nice as the resort hotels in Las Vegas. Service was very polite in that upper crust snooty sort of way, and the Concierge guys were really helpful in finding restaurants and provided maps of the downtown area.I got a room on the 21st floor. There are 3 banks of elevators (1 set goes up to the 13th floor, another set really for 13-20, and the third set for 20+ [Executive Floors]). A colleague was on the 7th floor in a smoking room (FYI: the floor hallways are &quot;non-smoking&quot;, but I nearly choked on the cigarette smell embedded into the walls. You could even SEE the smoke clouds in the hallways).The bedroom and bathroom were both rather small. However, you could tell the hotel was doing everything it could to make it more &quot;luxurious&quot;. Big, NIIIICE king bed. Oversized TV. Gold plated fixtures in the bathroom. But still, the water pressure was really weak, the air conditioner was stuck in a corner and not the most effective (e.g. no digital temperature setting).If you want to spend a lot of time in your hotel room... find somewhere else. If you're looking for a very comfortable bed and an upscale brand in a GREAT location right on Michigan Ave, then you can choose the Chicago Hilton.	
Jun 24 2007	Excellent hotel and staff	An excellent hotel. Luxurious and the staff are very efficient. Despite having to wait a while to check in, the staff were so quick when I did get the desk that I ended up forming a very positive first impression. The hotel is BIG however it is easy to get around. The room was lovely and spacious and I got an upgrade to one which overlooked the museum area of the city. Stay here - no hesitation. Unless you don't like very big hotels.	
Jun 24 2007	chicago hilton- excellent	went to chicago for a week in may, decided to be good to ourselves and stay in the hilton, we were not disapointed. perhaps it was becuse there were quite a few conventions going on and a lot of people were only staying 1 or 2 nights but we got upgraged to exceutive level. we had 2 double beds with a bathroom each. they bedsand pillows were too die for, so so comfy ant the end of a day when we seemed to have walked for miles. all the staff were very helpful. a lot of guests seemed to ignore the staff especially the chamber maids who they seemed to think they were in their way so perhaps thatwhy some people felt these people were rude or unhelpful. about 2 blocks away on Harrison is a cafe called &quot;Orange&quot; which you have to make the only place you will have breakfast, the cafe and the staff are suberb. expect a 15 min wait on a sat &amp; sun morning.	
Jun 11 2007 	Very Friendly Staff	We stayed for the Blues Festival which was happening within walking distance of the hotel over at Grant Park. Our stay was very nice! The hotel was clean, the staff was very friendly and the pool, hot tub, sauna and tanning bed were all very enjoyable. The lemonade service in the lobby in the afternoon was a nice added touch too!Our room was a regular room with two double beds and had two bathrooms on each side of the room which was VERY NICE to have as an added convenience. The toiletries were all Crabtree &amp; Evelyn, so, it was the good stuff.The hotel itself is beautiful; especially when you realize how old it is and how much history it has within its walls. The Grand Ballroom would be a perfect place for a fancy party or wedding reception with it's gold gilded ornamentation, drapes and crystal chandeliers.The property is also easily accessible to the red line via the Harrison stop. Or, if you don't want to take the subway, you can hop on the complimentary shopping shuttle that will take you down to all the shops along Magnificent Mile.A few improvements would be to allow complimentary use of the exercise equipment to all guests (apparently there is an extra fee to use the gym equipment). I would have also liked for the pool and hot tub to remain open until at least midnight. (It closes at 9pm.) I think a free continental breakfast would have really added an extra-nice touch to our stay as well.	
Jun 5 2007 	Great Hotel well worth the money	This hotel is in a ideal location. It is a really lovely, clean hotel with good bars and resturants. We had a really enjoyable stay here.	
Jun 4 2007 	Great Hotel Great Rates	I have stayed at the Chicago Hilton and Towers,or Hilton Chicago as it is now called, more times then I can count!I will agree with some posters who said that the hotel can be pricey with some things, as an earlier poster said that is why you hit Walgreens for munchies! Neighborhood eateries for meals. Having said that, I must disagree on a somethings.I read complaints on the closeness of the hotel to shopping and all...that you must take the el, subway or a taxi. Have any of you EVER taken the complimentry hotel shuttle!! It drops you off at or close to major shopping and museums..a tip to the driver and you are on your way.As for the rooms themselves, they have always been beyond lovely. I do get somewhat annoyed when I get to look at a rooftop and not the lake but we can't always get our way can we?As for the staff...I have always been suprised how nice the staff have been to me when I have stayed there. A lot of times when you stay at a hotel like this they are snotty beyond belief! I have never experienced that here.I guesstimate that, since 1988, I have stayed at Hilton Chicago at least 15 maybe 20 times. I can't always afford it but when I plan to come to Chicago it is the first hotel I look into.	
May 23 2007 	Look Elsewhere!	Nice hotel overall...but you can find an equally nice or nicer hotel (with more amenities) and spend far less money. When I arrived I was surprised at how nice the rooms where, but SHOCKED at the prices! Drinks from the vending machines cost $3.00! Coffee packets for in-room brewing systems are $3.25 (for a single serving pod)! It also cost me $3.50 for seven minutes of internet. There was a bottle of water next to the television on the dresser that had a $6.00 price tag! I'm surprised they didn't charge for ice in the ice machines. The hotel boasts four great restaurants, but these prices are also radically high. My friend and I ate dinner at Kitty O'Sheas in the hotel and were surprised when we realized that beers cost $6.50 a piece! (This is more expensive than beers at a White Sox game). Chicago is a relatively cheap city. There is no reason to charge those prices. One would expect a first-rate hotel like the Hilton to at least offer free internet access! (I know that the Holiday Inn does!).I also must complain about the unfriendliness of the staff. Several of the employees were arrogant and just plain rude. When I asked for the key to the mini-bar, the attendant asked for my I.D. (which is fine), but then insisted that I wasn't 21 (I'm 26). It turns out she was reading the expiration date on my license instead of the birthdate. Then she claimed that my I.D. looked fake. I guess she's never seen a Texas driver's license before. I was in town for a professional conference and didn't appreciate being treated like a kid trying to sneak into an R rated movie. Speaking of kids, for the first few days of my stay, the hotel was crawling with teenagers! (There was some sort of High School Student Government convention going on in the hotel). They were everywhere! Goofing around with the elevators, sleeping on the couches in the lobbies, running down the halls screaming and giggling at 2am! Each group of teenagers was followed by equally troublesome adult chaparones, that screamed and yelled orders at the kids. It was mayhem. (I realize that it wasn't the hotel's fault, but it was an annoyance). The hotel also hosted a local prom on Saturday night. The nearest subway stop was closed and I was forced to either walk five blocks to the next stop or take a cab. The concierge informed me that this particular subway stop always seems to close down on the weekends.If you must stay at the hotel (if you're attending a conference for instance) then here are some tips: stop at Walgreen's which is only a couple of blocks away and buy drinks and snacks to stock your hotel room. Also, don't eat at the hotel, instead, eat at the eleven city diner, or any of the other restaurants located nearby.	
May 18 2007 	Great for Cave Lovers	Months prior to my 5-night reservation with the Hilton Chicago I requested a room that allowed in a lot of natural light, facing an open view, not a close building. (The reservation was made through a conference travel agency.) I confirmed my request by telephone a few days in advance directly with the hotel and at check-in the clerk noted it in my record. She told me it would be difficult to find, but consulted a chart and appeared to be satisfied with the room she assigned me. I was very surprised to open the door onto a room on the inside of one of the towers, tucked into a very dark corner, facing a wall of rooms. I called the desk immediately and was told that the hotel was sold out and it was hard to tell what rooms were still available that suited my request, but to “sit tight” and someone would call me. No one did. Further calls yielded similar results. At one point I was told I could have a “parlor room,” with a sofa bed, at a reduced rate, but I could not go see the room before committing to moving. That’s real hospitality for you. Worried that a bad sofa bed could be worse than rooming in a cave, I ended up staying in the dreadfully dark room. (I had asked for a bright room with one bed and got a dark room with two beds.) The only redeeming feature of the room was that it had 2 bathrooms. Other than that, it was tight quarters with a tiny closet, two uncomfortably low chairs, at the desk and in a (dark) corner. Light fixtures didn’t do much to brighten things up. Since I was here at a conference, I really wanted a bright environment to wake up early and start the workday in and to have as a cheerful office for mid-day calls and e-mail, but instead I got a cave. Consequently, I spent as little time as possible in the room and next time I am in Chicago, conference or not, I will absolutely stay at another hotel. There are much better locations that the Hilton Chicago and looking at the percentage of “inside tower” rooms, places with a much better chance of having a bright room as well as better customer service. Shame on the Chicago Hilton.	
May 17 2007 	Good hotel for conference-goers not tourists!	I stayed at the Hilton Chicago for six nights because it was one of the listed hotels for a conference I was attending at McCormick Place. The Hilton Chicago is one of the oldest hotel in Chicago and in one word I would describe it as &quot;stately.&quot; Chandeliers, elegant staircases, marble front desk, etc The hotel is quite huge, so if you are expecting attentive and a personable atmosphere from your hotel--you might not get it at the Hilton Chicago. My room had 2 double beds on the 21st floor, it was well furnished and clean. But the minibar reminds you the best things in life are not always free...but can be quite expensive. Bottled water was $6! As other reviewers have mentioned...everything at the Hilton Chicago comes at a premium--water, phone calls, internet...take how much you would expect to pay for those conveniences and triple it. The location is not the most convenient, about a 20-25 minute walk to city center--but you are on a regular bus route and near a subway line (Harrison Street metro) and within walking distance of millennium park. If you are attending a conference and need a hotel near McCormick, the Hilton is not a bad place to stay. But if you are into sightseeing and on a budget, I would recommend a more central location!	
May 15 2007	good time in Chi-ca-go	Stayed here for a week in late April, early May. Hotel is a historic Hilton flagship. Located near lakefront park, financial district and downtown schools/universities. Easy 1 mile walk to Magnif. mile area. Impressive decor with Michigan Ave entrance, lobby, and staircase leading to ballrooms. Rooms are neat, two beds and two bathrooms. Lots of street level pubs, bookstores, student theaters, museums, and shops nearby. Safe at night, lots of students and people out and about. Joggers, walkers, and bikers out along the lakefront in the AM. I was there during the week (M-R). I would like to bring my wife and teenagers next time. I've been a few places, Chicago is a well kept secret.	
Apr 21 2007 	Luxurious but...	Beautiful Hotel at fair price however be warned; all the extras don't come cheap. Parking, Internet, MiniBar and Restauants are very expensive. They also charge additional for the exercise room. Surprized I wasn't charged $ to flush the toilet! Thankfully lots of local cheap eats. And right on subway line too.	
Apr 16 2007 	Good Business and Convention Hotel	I stayed at the Hilton Chicago for a conference in the beginning of April. My conference was at the Palmer House and the Hilton Chicago served as the overflow hotel. I found the rooms to be very small, but for a single traveler, the space was more than adequate. As a Hilton Honors member I was given coupons for 2 small bottle of water from the mini bar (Free of charge) and I did take advantage of that service.Otherwise, I found that this Hilton tends to charge for almost everything. For example, there was a note in my key packet at check in that there was a $25/hour charge for late checkouts (I have rarely encountered this during my travels) and they charge $15/day for use of the gym/fitness center unless you are a Hilton Honors Silver member or higher. The hotel is in a bit of a isolated spot on Michigan Avenue. It was approximately a 10 minute walk to the center of the Loop. The walk was perfectly safe during the day, but I felt uncomfortable with it at night. The area is not unsafe, but it is a bit isolated with a lot of parking lots and office buildings surrounding the hotel.	
Apr 12 2007 	Older Room Beautiful Facilities Good Location	I stayed here for 3 nights in conjunction with a conference. It's a huge hotel with excellent conference facilities. I love the fact that the hotel is close to the symphony, the Field Museum, and the Art Museum. The public spaces are very &quot;grand&quot; and historic.The main issue I had was my room was quite outdated. The furniture was old, the bed was old, even the bedspreads were dated looking (not the nice stylish ones that you see on the Chicago Hilton website). The workspace was terrible - the chair was very old and could not be adjusted. It was way too short and very narrow, so it was uncomfortable to work for long periods of time. Since I do so much work on the laptop while traveling, this alone would definitely keep me from coming back. But many people won't really mind this, so if you don't mind the possibility of getting an older, dated room, then this hotel might be just fine for you. BTW, I'm a Hilton Silver Honors member, so I don't think they stuck me in a dated room b/c I was a low frequency guest.... That tells me that perhaps a lot of their rooms are dated?	
Apr 11 2007 	love love loved it	Old world grandeur is all very well - and the Chicago Hilton has this in abundance - but what really counts is comfort, peace and quiet, and excellent service. Thankfully this hotel outshone itself in these areas, much to my surprise. I had no idea this place was so big and when I first arrived I braced myself for the 'conference hotel' service one comes to expect. I could not have been more wrong; check in was swift and efficient, despite it being busy. My room was quiet, warm and very comfortable. It took me maybe all of 10 mins to feel completely relaxed. On both nights of my trip as i was traveling alone I ordered room service and treated myself - the wait staff were punctual, attentive and the food was lovely. I really felt like I was staying somewhere beautiful and historic but without paying a price for cutting qualty and service. I'll be going back to the Hilton again when I am next lucky enough to visit Chicago. Thank you Hilton for a wonderful break,	
Apr 5 2007 	Hilton Chain on its Way to the Landfill	The Hilton Chicago on 720 South Michgan is a total dump. The entire staff seems completely demoralized. From the moment you arrive and find no bellman at the door to the moment you TRY to check into your room and find someone who speaks no English TRYING to set you up, and does so perfectly in the wrong room, back to front desk for round two of desperately seeking asylum.The restaurants have decent food. The service, like everywhere else in the hotel, is horrible. The Pavillion sits nearly empty, yet upon arrival, the guest is treated as though the place were bursting with customers and finding just one seat causes potential collapse of all seating limits. The rooms are strangely arranged, with furniture smack dab in front of windows. Getting the room cleaned required several calls to Housekeeping, each time hearing the familiar refrain, &quot;I'm sorry, but there has been a MISCOMMUNICATION regarding cleaning your room.&quot;The entire hotel exudes a sadness that makes me never want to return to this hotel or any Hilton Hotel anywhere.I am a shareholder in the Hilton Corporation. Not for long. I had heard from many people how the Hiltons had scraped the staff beyond the bone, and they were right. The place really is the dump my friends described. I can no longer support financially or socially this institution.I do think that tart Paris has held the lantern for things to come.	
Mar 31 2007 	Favorite Hotel in Chicago	We stayed at the Hilton over St. Patrick's day. I have a child at the University of Chicago so I am in Chicago a lot and have tried about 6 different hotels. This was my favorite so far. I liked it for a lot of the reasons some people don't like it. I prefer larger buildings that I can roam around in rather than boutique hotels. Especially in a city like Chicago where roaming around outside isn't always comfortable with the wind, the rain, and the cold, and the panhandlers. The lobby floor has a very long central hall and while we were eating dinner on St. Patrick's day a bagpipe band came marching down the hall. It was very entertaining. I prefer to be about a 10 to 20 minute walk away from the center of everything rather than right in the middle of everything. I prefer museums over shopping so being near the museums rather than in the middle of the Magnificent Mile shopping area was a plus for me. I like blues music and one of the best blues clubs, Buddy Guy's Legends, is right next door to the hotel. And I like open spaces so staying in a room in the front of the hotel with a magnificent view of Grant park, the museum campus, the Navy pier, and the lake was wonderful. We were lucky to have extremely clear weather and the views were stunning both in the day and at night when the Navy pier and the Museum Campus lights up. We watched the St. Patrick's Day parade from our room. The key is to rent a suite since all the suites are in the front of the building. Pricey but worth it. We had a suite with two bedrooms and four full bathrooms for 4 people. Great for getting up and out quickly in the morning.Other great things about this hotel. It is right on Michigan Avenue so you can come off Lakeshore Drive and you are right there without having to fight the city traffic. You can self park your own car in a garage attached to the main building so you have easy access to your car without having to go through a valet service. It was very easy going from here to Hyde Park which we did frequently. The building is beautiful and has 3 restaurants to choose from plus a lounge. It is a 10 to 20 minute walk to the museums and the center of the loop but I prefer that for the peace and quiet at night. Plus I need the exercise. The public spaces in the hotel are beautiful to look at as the pictures on the website show. Another nice feature is that for a reasonable amount of money more you can choose to check out at 2PM or 4PM.I would definately sign on online to be a Hilton Honors member if you stay here because you get a quicker check in and other benefits. The have a separate front desk for Hilton Honors members. Plus Hilton Honors is a free.This isn't going to be everyone's favorite hotel, especially shoppers and people who want to be in the center of the Loop or the Magnificent Mile. But for me it was the right fit.Two things I would suggest. The suites come with a refrigerator and a sink but no microwave. Also there is no DVD player attached to the TV. I would add both. We did have fun watching &quot;The Fugitive&quot; with Harrison Ford on a large laptop computer though. The Chicago Hilton was one of the main settings for this film.	
Mar 29 2007 	Great location - elegant hotel	I recently attended a conference that was being hosted at this hotel (in Feb 07) and spent a 3 nights here. This was my first time at the Chicago Hilton. I must say that the hotel is very elegant and has a very “old school” charm to it. All the ballrooms are huge and the second floor reception area is beautiful. That being said, I felt that the sheer size of the hotel made it a little bit impersonal. Here’s a summary of my experience-Check-In- There was a long line when I got there but the line moved fast and I didn’t have to wait too long. The lady at the counter was very professional but seemed impersonal (yes…I used that word again). Room- The room itself was a little small (plus I got stuck with a view of the AC vent) and the bathroom really needed to be renovated. Again, it reminded me of the older hotel rooms of the 80s a little. The room itself was tastefully decorated and the bed was comfortable (although the king bed was much smaller than any king I’ve seen). Food – I must say that I was very disappointed with the food at this hotel. First of all, I called for room service at 11pm one night and they told me they were closed. So I tried the Pavilion and the food there was mediocre to say the least. I tried Kitty O’Sheas one night but that place gets quite crowded and it gets smoky as the night progresses so I didn’t stick around too long. There aren’t many other restaurants in walking distance so it’s best to take a cab and explore the city for great places to eat. I went to a place called The MK Restaurant, which I would highly recommend. I eat out in NY all the time and have seldom found placed outside NY that I am that impressed by…this place was one.Location – I absolutely loved the location of this hotel! The park is right in front and the hotel is in walking distance to a lot of tourist attractions. They even provide a free shuttle to the Magnificent Mile. If there’s one really good reason to pick this hotel, I’d say it’s the location. It’s not in the middle of things and therefore it’s not noisy, yet you can get almost anywhere walking (or in a 5 minutes cab ride).Overall, I had a pleasant stay at the hotel. There is a lot to do and see in Chicago. This hotel is well located and the décor/overall feel of the hotel is elegant, so it’s always nice returning back to the hotel. One thing to keep in mind is that the hotel hosts a lot of conventions so it’s always very busy and there are people everywhere.	
Mar 25 2007 	Older but Elegant	We stayed at the Chicago Hilton for 5 days in March 2007. It was an older hotel but well taken care of. The lobby and ballrooms were very elegant. Many of the rooms have view - either of the city or of Lake Michigan - but many do not. For example, our view was of the hotel buidling - the hotel exterior is not &quot;flat&quot;, so some rooms have views of other rooms. (See the photo below to see what I mean).The Hilton was in a prime location for museums - within walking distance of the Field Museum of Natural History, Shedd Aquarium, and Adler Planetarium. (Hint - admission to all 3, plus more, is $49.50 with a Chicago CityPass). The Hilton offers a &quot;Shopping Shuttle&quot; to downtown and the Magnificent Mile, making 6 or 7 stops along the way. It does this every hour from 10am - 5pm and is free. The Hilton is also across from the bus stop the you would use to go to the Museum of Science and Industry.The Chicago Hilton has 3 main restaurants - Kitty O'Sheas (Irish), Buckinghams (American/Steak, dinner only), and Pavilion (American, 24-hours). I was surprised that soda/coffe/tea was more than $3 at the Pavilion! The &quot;Exotic Fruit&quot; dessert at Buckingham's was fantastic - a huge plate of exotic fruit with chocolate souce for dipping - well worth the $8 price and large enough to share. The 4th &quot;restaurant&quot; is the Lakeview Lounge, which serves Starbucks coffee in the mornings and alcohol at night. All in all, we enjoyed our visit. Since our trip involved more museums and site-seeing than shopping, we were pleased with the location.	
Mar 22 2007 	Great price good location and amazing comfort	We booked through a UK website so got a very cheap rate for a long weekend over St. Patrick's Day. Our room was on the 22nd floor and was fantastic, definately one of the best hotels I've stayed at. The beds are very comfortable, the room came equipped with mini bar, large TV with games console, clock radio etc. Views were great. Housekeeping staff were very friendly and helpful.Only a couple of slightly offputting things.....The location is a little out of the way for downtown, maybe a 15 to 20 minute walk to hit the main spots. Also the hotel is exceptionally busy and although there was several check in desks when we checked in on a Friday night they only had 2 open, meaning there was a long queue. I'm not sure the bar and restaurant facilities are adequate for a hotel of that size so the lobby was always crowded with overflow. Business center is very expensive, at the time of our stay it was out of order but no-one indicated this so we swiped our credit cards and only found out later.Otherwise it's a little pricey but worth it - and if two are sharing a room it's an easier on the pocket experience you won't forget!	
Feb 19 2007 	Bravo Hilton!	Flew from DC, Dulles to Midway Airport (Would fly into O'Hare next time) and arrived at this beautiful hotel in time for dinner. The doorman took our bags from the taxi and walked us into the lobby. Check-in was a breeze and so was getting info about Chicago. Staff was very helpful and courteous. My 12 year old son and I got away for Columbus day weekend and Hilton made it a fantastic trip.Hotel has a beautiul layout, good Irish bar/restaurant on site (there are others but we didn't eat at them), and rooms are elegant and well equipped with coffee maker, bar and 2 bathrooms! I reserved the room on the Hilton website and paid $249 a night (faced a building, no view) It is not within walking distance of much (very few restaurants) but it was close to the Bear's Soldiers Stadium, a museam (saw King Tut) and an aquarium. All great sites to see. Room service is a little pricey but not out of the ordinary. Had a great full Sunday morning breakfast for about $50. A short taxi ride to everything and Chicago awaits. The double decker bus stops in front of the hotel and is well worth the fare which was $20 for both of us. Check-out was effortless by the time we were ready to leave for the airport in the morning. If you're in town and a Bears game is scheduled I recommed going. Even though we waited for 90 mins in line for available tickets, it was worth it. Chicago Bears fans are loyal and their excitement for their players is contagious. Paid $95 for each ticket that we were told were obstructed view which turned out to be 50 yard line 20 rows up. No obstructions. Beautoful city and wonderful people. When we go back to Chicago, we will stay there again. Hilton at it's best.	
Feb 19 2007	Hilton Staff Disrespectful to Women	Last weekend was my husband's and my anniversary of over twenty years. His company had hosted three days of an annual meeting there, and I was to and arrive on the last day,enjoy a celebration dinner, and spend time in the city Sunday. My husband had left an envelope with my name at the front desk in case my arrival was prior to the the meeting's end. When I politely asked at the desk, they refused to hand me the envelope and claimed it wasn't there. They sent me to the bell captain who said he would not allow me to meet my husband without calling and asking his consent. When my husband replied with &quot;of course she should come up,&quot; the attendant waited,and as he walked toward the elevators laughed and said in surprise, &quot;he said it's okay to let you up!' About half an hour later, we came downstairs dressed for dinner,my husbnad asked for the envelope with my name written on it and they reached over and picked it up. Then they said they would add my name to the hotel room and referred to me as this,this woman. when asking my name. How much more insulting were they going to be? It was hard to believe that this was the same formerly high caliber hotel where years before I had made my debut,and attended many respectable functions. Has Conrad's Hilton become a house of Ill repute?D.P. Lake Forest, IL	
Feb 14 2007 	Georgeous Hotel	we stayed at the Hilton Chicago from 2nd January 2007 - 4th January 2007. Let me tell you this is a huge oppulent hotel in the perfect location overlooking the park and water.Staff are very helpful. The room was spacious and amentities were of a high standard as you would expect. If you want to use the mini bar in your room you need to get a key from front desk though.Paid movies are available. There is a coffee machine in room but no fridge, just an ice bucket. We had a king size bed which was so comfy. There is a writing desk and chair in the room as well as a big screen TV. Only complaint was the party next door that didn't stop till well after 3am. They had no respect for anyone else. We ate at Kitty O'Sheas Irish pub in the hotel one night. Menu was dissappointing as was the meal but the atmosphere and staff was great. Plenty of restaurants nearby so venture out and check them out. There is plenty of shopping located nearby also. We purchased the hop on hop off trolley ticket which was $25 each. So this is a great way to see all the sights at your pace. A great little place to eat was about 5 blocks away. Takes about 20 minutes to walk there but what a great feed. It was called Grace O;Malleys Irish Pub just past S Michigan Avenue and 14th Street. I had Salmon for $14 and my husband had the pork for $14. These meals were excellent. We would highly recommend staying at the Hilton and eating at Grace O'Malleys. Parking at the Hilton is very dear. $38 per night self parking or $41 valet. Everything is within a easy walk away. We booked our stay online and saved heaps on our room only paying $89 per night ex tax total cost $205 for both nights including taxes. Great value for a high classy hotel. Would definately stay here again. we loved Chicago what a beautiful city.	
Feb 7 2007	Busy Hotel Convention Hotel	Stayed during a convention - I requested a 2 bedroom 2 bath room. The first room I was given on my Thurs - Sunday stay was on the &quot;back side&quot; of the hotel with a &quot;View of the City&quot; This view included the &quot;L&quot; (elevated train) stop - and about every 5 minutes on the 16th floor was grating on my nerves. I called to find out if I could change rooms. They were able to accommodate me - I had to come down to the front desk, but was assigned a room nearer to the elevator bank - but no view, which meant to me - quiet!! (and I had to transfer my luggage etc by myself)We took advantage of the Chicago Bus System. I went to their website http://www.transitchicago.com/ to plan our trip. I also found reading the signs by the bus stops very helpful. I took the #4 train from in front of the HIlton to the Art Institute, and from there I would walk a block west to State Street shopping, from Macy's I would take the #151 to the Mag Mile, American Girl Place just a block from the Water Tower Place. The Bell Hop station has wonderful maps with the information on it!!I was disappointed that the Pool closed at 9pm, and they charge extra for everything, internet servcie, use of the gym/machines, Disney Channel... but it is probably standard operating procedures for Convention hotels in the City!	
Feb 4 2007 	Hilton surpise hit!	I visit Chicago often and decided to stay at the Hilton last week, for a change of pace. It is located on So Michigan Ave, away from the Magnificent Mile, and closer to the Art Institute and Field Museum. What a great place this turned out to be! The front desk agents were so helpful, polite and accommodating. I immediately got upgraded upon arrival. My bed was completely comfortable and the bathroom was perfect - probably bigger than all the bathrooms in my home, combined! I had room service for dinner, which arrived within 30 minutes. Same with breakfast. Coffee was delivered as promised, promptly at 6:30am with a newspaper. I will look forward to staying here in the future.	
Jan 31 2007 	Happy at the Hilton	The Chicago Hilton is a little more Barbara Bush and not so much Paris Hilton -- reliable, comfortable, practical, and classy. If you're looking for sexy and flashy, this isn't the place. Your experience at this Hilton will be largely determined by which of the many unique rooms you end up booked in. It's a historic hotel, with a wealth of famous customers, and there is a wide variety of room layouts, unlike the cookie cutter hotels of today.Some of the rooms are indeed smaller than one would expect -- but a lot of them are bigger than expected, too, with some unusual perks (such as two full bathrooms for a room with two double beds). Hilton Honors members seem to get the best picks of the litter, with views overlooking the lake and Soldier Field. The service is reliable and efficient. I've ordered room service there a few times, and it was consistent. The food is not anything exciting (again, not Emeril's -- a little more TGI Fridays). Location is OK -- not close to the shopping area of downtown Chicago, but there is a free shuttle service that runs guests to and from that area.	
Jan 29 2007 	Did not like it!	I would never again stay at the Hilton Chicago. First of all it is not in the best section. You have to walk guiet a way to get to any restaurants or shopping. The room we stayed in was very small and not in the best condition. The rugs were worn and the furniture kind of shabby. Also there was a very strong smell of cheap cologne in the room. The smell made me very sick. I think that the hotel could be better if it were remolded and updated. I do have to say though that the staff was very pleasant and helpful.	
Jan 28 2007 	Great!!!!	I had a GREAT experience. I went to Chicago for pleasure. The location of the hotel was in a great spot if you want to do the tourist thing. Very close to Shedd Aquarium, Field Museum and Soldiers' Field. It was just a short taxi ride away from great restaurants. It is a bit far from the United Center, Lincoln Park and the Navy Pier, though. The service was exceptional. The room was large. I don't see how anyone could complain about this place.	
Jan 3 2007	Great hotel great stay	I stayed at the Hilton Towers 720 So Michigan Ave, Chicago, IL in the middle of December 2006. It was a one night stay, the trip was part business (trade show) and part fun. The room had great beds, two bathrooms was clean and well taken care of. Check in/out was effortless. Self parking seemed a bit high, $38 + tax per night; however, the room rate from the Hilton web site was great for mid- week in downtown Chicago, $126 per night + tax. (The rate is NONrefundable).We spent the better part of the night at the hotel's bar, Kitty O'Sheas, the food, drink and Irish entertainment were all great.We had breakfast in the lobby, the buffet was over priced, under stocked and not worth it.Over all the stay was above average.	
Jan 3 2007 	Wonderful Stay	Stayed for 5 nights over NYE. Front desk, concierge and cleaning staff were exceptionally friendly and very helpful (got extra pillows, booked dinner reservations for us). At times I felt like I was staying at a smaller hotel b/c of the great service. Hotel is beautiful. Location is great if you are ok with not being in the center of things. We had a Standard King room which was a bit on the small side but still very nice. The bathroom was large. Bed was comfy. The view was amazing, we had a corner room that overlooked the lake and everything is lit up at night. Ordered room service one night, very quick and delicious but $. The hotel staff even delivered it to the lobby for us(b/c the rest. were closed). There are a lot of common areas to sit and relax, drink and eat (fireplaces and great views of the street) in the lobby of the hotel. There is one bar open pretty late and you can bring drinks up to your room if you like.All in all we would stay here on our next visit.	
Dec 27 2006 	Excellent - highly recommend!	The staff was incredibly accomodating! They got us a room at the last minute and the concierge helped us find local places to eat and printed our boarding passes for us. The room was great and the beds were comfy. We never ate in the hotel (to save money) but walk down Mich. Ave and you will find excellent places. Great location. They have a free shuttle service to the Magnificent Mile. We couldn't have asked for a better stay. (Well...maybe if the elevators were a little bit more timely.)	
Dec 16 2006	A little disappointing	I should have done more research before staying at this Hilton. The location was not that convenient for hanging out on the Magnificent Mile and after walking around the city I saw plenty of other interesting options. Also, I found the room small and a little stale - a renovation might be in order. On the plus side, the service was good and the hotel was clean. All in all, not bad but a little disappointing.	
Dec 3 2006 	Decent hotel - but look elsewhere first	This review is based on a 7-night stay in November 2006, and is written by a traveler that frequents Marriott-chain and Hilton-chain hotels throughout the US.Tagline: decent hotel, but look elsewhere first if Magnificent Mile is important to you.Features / benefits: - Hotel was apparently renovated in 1985. - two-bed rooms feature two twin (not double or queen) beds and two bathrooms. - one bathroom is small, and houses a small vanity sink, toilet, and bath tub. - the other bathroom is smaller, and houses an even smaller vanity sink, toilet, and small shower. - huge 32&quot; Phillips flat-screen TV. - fast elevators. - Crabtree &amp; Evelyn toiletries provided. - digital thermostat in each room.Cons: - only one small closet (with 10 hangers) for a two-bed room. - small bathrooms. - room is surprisingly bright for the two lights it has, but still leaves a little to be desired. - be prepared to walk some distance if you want any food or shopping. - Kitty O'Shea's Irish pub/restaurant in the hotel leaves something (better food) to be desired.Summary:Imagine a hotel built to with the character and styling of the 1920's, being upgraded in some way (linens / sheets-wise, and TV ) to the styling of present day. That is the Hilton Chicago. Older, classic styling with new white sheets and big-screen TV.Depending on your room rate, this is either pricey (given its distance from restaurants and Mag Mile), or puts you in a closer position to out-of-downtown core locations like the Field Museam, Shedd Aquarium, Soldier Field, and Alder Planetarium.	
Nov 29 2006 	Ehh not very impressed	First of all, the location was not that great. There was hardly anything within walking distance in terms of food and it seemed like a sketchy area overall. We had to take a taxi to get to the Mag Mile and it was a pain. I will say that we had a nice view of the Lake but our room was right over Michigan Ave (south) and it was very loud. We did not get much sleep the entire stay...to top that off, there must be one control for Heat or A/C because the heat was on and we were so hot, we had to open the windows to tolerate it, which made it even noisier. As for the room itself, it was the smallest hotel room I've ever stayed in. Basically room for a king size bed, dresser,&amp; desk and not much else. It was crowded for two people. We were also given a smoking room which is not what we requested. The hotel just seemed very old, which it is, there are 15 separate elevators and the place is huge and not very personal. The continental breakfast was not exciting either and it was so crowded we couldn't even find a place to sit.We were able to walk to the Shedd Aquarium, which was nice-but other stuff we wanted to do required taxis...So, overall - I would stay somewhere else in a better location.	
Nov 28 2006	Fantastic View Fantastic room	With a couple of exceptions the hotel and accomodations were fantastic. We were there for my husbands birthday and were truly impressed with the king jr. suite. The rooms were well appointed and the view from the 21st floor was outstanding. We could see the field museum, planetarium and the aquarium.The only drawback is we requested a non-smoking room. When we walked into the room, the smell of smoke was overwhelming. Called service and they ionized the room. That did not work and they had no other accomodations. The windows were operable and i just kept them open for the duration. The heat was 99 degrees anyway.For our problems we were given two complimentary breakfasts on the day of departure.The hotel is beautiful, I would stay again, but I would make sure that they understand that non-smoking means just that.	
Nov 27 2006 	Beautiful Lobby; cold/indifferent service; poor dining choices	The Hilton Chicago (sometimes referred to as the Hilton Towers) is a huge hotel geared primarily for large-scale conventions, business meetings, conferences, etc. We've stayed here several times using Hilton Points. It's a beautiful building and the lobby level is impressive. The location is good if you want to be close to Soldier Field (great locale for a Bears game!); not a great location if you're wanting to shop the Mag Mile/N. Michigan Ave -- although the hotel does offer a shuttle.The rooms are small. This time ours had two baths which was nice. The beds are quite comfortable but know that if you need two doubles, they are just that -- doubles and rather small doubles. Definitely not queen beds. My husband's 6'5&quot; (we had a child with us in the other bed) and he was miserable. Next time we'd get the king and a lay-away.The food/restaurant choices are quite limited and two of the three, we would not recommend. The Irish pub (Kitty O'Shea's) is listed on the kiosks and room advertisements as a restaurant, but it's a bar. A very smokey bar in every nook and cranny. We've tried to use it several times but it's really disgusting in terms of the cigarette smoke. And we are talking about 7-8 in the evening -- not midnight.The atrium area has a restaurant called the Pavillion. Food is just okay; service is consistently indifferent, unfriendly. High volume (I'll never see you again, why should I care? attitudes abound.) Wine selection is poor. Breakfast buffet is mediocre at best. There is an area directly across the lobby from the Pavillion that serves as a coffee bar/bistro in the morning, and that's a nice area (gas fireplace, some of the only windows in the whole first floor, which is nice because you can watch the passersby on the street) for sitting and enjoying your morning coffee and juice, or a pastry. We haven't tried the steak house. Looks quite nice, but wasn't exceptionally busy on a Saturday evening, so I doubt it's a destination restaurant other than among the business travelers/hotel guests. There are so many great restaurants in Chicago I suppose this category doesn't really matter! Even when traveling for business, I prefer a smaller, more personable hotel myself.But if you're using Hilton Points or find a room rate to you're liking, then the Hilton Chicago is a beautiful, immaculate building and most definitely worth a visit. I prefer it to the Drake, which has slightly better service (only slightly because competence without warmth is still mediocre hospitality) since The Drake is in desperate need of a facelift.	
Nov 2 2006 	A very enjoyable stay at Hilton Chicago	We loved the Hilton. We were expecting a large business hotel, with a cold impersonal feel to it, but we were wrong. The hotel is certainly large but it is very comfortable with excellent friendly staff. The cost of our stay was not cheap but we stayed there as my husband was running in the Chicago Marathon, and this was the official hotel for the event. Consequently it was completely full, with a really great atmosphere. Despite the huge numbers that had to be catered for, all of the staff without exception, were unfailingly polite, friendly and courteous. The concierge desk was probably the best I have encountered, they were so helpful, and special mention must go to Oscar who arranged for a new UK travel adaptor to be sent to our room about 10 minutes after it was requested. The hotel public areas are extremely nice - the bar and restaurant were both very good, with excellent service, and we enjoyed the breakfast. Room service was also efficient. The room was okay, it was quiet and we had two bathrooms - my only criticism is that one of them was a bit tired looking. We also had a problem with the time it took to make the room up on a weekend day, but the housekeeping staff were under pressure. For a leisure trip the hotel is excellently located, overlooking Grant Park and close to the lakeside, the Art Institute and Museum. The tour bus stops outside. Overall, I found the Hilton Chicago was a lovely comfortable hotel, with excellent staff who were very efficient and friendly, but not intrusive. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 27 2006 	Busy Expensive and Less than Stellar Service	This hotel is focused on conventions and massive events. I've gone to a lot of chicago-based organization conventions here [mostly healthcare]. Convention rooms can be far, far away from each other and in a mazelike system.Rooms can be very small, and loud if on the industry side. The cattlecar nature of check in and check out has been ameliorated somewhat by the kiosks available -- if they work. When i was there in august, most didn't, and i couldn't print my boarding pass. The latter created significant problems because i was shown to have already checked in -- forcing me to go to an agent to get checked in.If you have a choice, stay on the north michigan side of things. The service and the amenties and proximity to fun events/walking/restaurants are much more pleasant.	
Sep 26 2006 	Good King Tut package	The hotel is beautiful and very large. It is a very impersonal place. We had a corner junior suite that overlooked the southern part of Grant Park and Museum Campus. I liked that. We were on the King Tut package booked through the hotel, and it was a VERY good move. Our tickets were express tickets that did not specify a time to visit the Field Museum. We could enter the exhibit anytime with the exception of 2 blackout weekend times that did not affect us. Plus the tickets allow you to enter from the South entrance rather than the East entrance which is the primary entrance for the Tut exhibit. The lines at the East entrance were ridiculous, so we felt very lucky. The weird thing was that the hotel gave us 6 tickets to the exhibit when we arrived, and there are only 2 of us. We could have gone through the exhibit 3 times each if we had wanted. I am not sure if this is standard practice or a fluke. The hotel is in a great location if you are visiting the Museum Campus, Millenium Park, Grant Park, etc. It is walking distance to shopping if you really like to walk. We didn't find a lot of local restaurants nearby, and we tended to eat while we were out and about. The El was only a short walk away, though, and taxis were always lined up at the entrance to take you anywhere you wanted to go. Overall, I wasn't blown away by the hotel, but I can't find anything specific and horrible to complain about. It is an old grand hotel with lots of activity and loads of people milling about at all times. Personally, I like a hotel where the staff knows whether or not you belong in the building or not, so I would prefer a smaller boutique hotel on my next trip. We got a lot of exercise just walking to and from our room.	
Sep 25 2006	Wonderful	We had our hotel reservations at another hotel set and after we were reading all of the negative reviews we cancelled and made out reservation at the Hilton - I am so glad we did the hotel was clean, hotel staff was pleasant and helpful and the beds were amazing. We knew we were paying a little more than some other hotels but it was well worth every penny.	
Sep 7 2006 	Great hotel!	What a great hotel. Rooms are beautifully presented, although our room only had one bathroom as it was on the corner. Our friends next door had two bathrooms. The staff are very friendly especially the housekeepers who greet you every time you meet on the corridor. The pool is fine but there is a charge to use the gym. The rooms are in great condition but the hallways perhaps need to be updated. I would not pay over 200 dollars for this hotel however.	
Aug 31 2006 	Excellent Convention Hotel	I had read some of the reviews and was a little worried. But upon arrival I was impressed. The hotel is located near the Grant Park and within walking distance to the &quot;Magnificent Mile&quot;. Is is a very large hotel and accomodates conventions nicely with the extra meeting rooms on the main, lower levels and on floors 3 and 8.My wife needed to have a refrigerator to store her medication and they were happy to send one right up &quot;free of charge!&quot;. We also discovered that the drains were draining slow and they quickly fixed the problem.It was nice to have 2 bathrooms in the room! It made getting ready in the morning that much faster. There was also a live blues club right next door that I would highly recommend. I found the rooms to be very spacious and the beds most comfortable. I also found the noise in hall ways to almost be non existent. The only down side was the lack of having a wired internet connection. I had to get a bridge connection and the cost was $10 a day for the connection.Overall I would highly recommend this hotel not only for it's location but also for the excellent service.	
Aug 31 2006 	Hilton Towers - fantastic!	My family and I have just had a two week holiday in Chicago, and we stayed for a week at the Hilton Towers. We had a fantastic time and enjoyed every minute of our stay at this incredible hotel. The sheer size of the place is breathtaking and the atmosphere is very friendly and hospitable. If you prefer discreet modern boutiquey-type hotels, maybe this wouldn't be your thing. However if you enjoy old style glamour and glitz, you will be bowled over by this hotel. The place literally sparkles thanks to the enormous chandeliers that are everywhere in the lobby. Tons of celebs have stayed here over the decades and the history of the hotel and past guests etc is fascinating. We got a very reasonable rate for our stay and could not fault anything about this very special place!	
Aug 30 2006 	Much better options in Chicago	No service at all.... Small room although I had booked a room on the executive floor.Breakfast is worse than in a cafeteria. And don't be one minute late because there won't be anything left to grab.If you need to store your luggage, be prepared to pay for it. Beds are small and bathrooms quite tiny.Might have been a good spot 20 years ago !!	
Aug 29 2006 	Hilton good 	Just got back from a 6 night stay at The Hilton, South Michigan Avenue. We were on the 11th floor in a 2 bed room with two bathrooms. The main bathroom was very nice, but the additional shower room was very badly designed, with the door opening into the shower so much that you had to press yourself up against the shower wall to get enough space to close it. The room was clean and the beds and bedding very nice and comfortable. The concierge who I think was called Donald was one of the most helpful people I have come across and he helped us book tickets to see the Cubs play at Wrigley Field and offered a whole host of advice re transport etc. The worst parts of the hotel I would say is the pool, its so overpowering with chlorine, that you can smell it as soon as you exit the lifts on the 8th floor, if I had been staying on this floor I would have asked to have been moved, due to this.As for Buckinghams, the waiting staff are very polite to begin with, but if you leave a less than adequate tip (which we did as they had forgotten a coule of things off our order), we were asked in a very surly tone if things had been ok, they were obviously not impressed with out 10% tip... rather than a 15 - 20% tip, this ruined what had been an ok dining experience and I wouldn't eat in this restaurant again, due to this. Kitty O'Sheas was very good, we had a couple of snacks in here, the service was good and the live music also very good. As for location, its ideal for Grant Park, The Shedd Aquarium, Museums and Planatarium/Soldier Field etc, but a little out of the way of the shops/river, having said this the free shuttle bus which leaves on the hour every hour was very very useful and we used this several times. Tips for the Tourist Sites: Dont pay to go up the Hancock Centre, instead go to the bar a couple of floors down, which is free entry and spend the money on a cocktail! If you visit the Cheesecake Factory, you will have a wait, but it was worth it, dont orders starters though as the portions are huge, you will never finish it all... save room for the cheescake. The Spirit of Chicago Dinner Cruise was very average, the food was poor and the entertainment very holiday camp standard, however the firework display and the views of the skyline were very good. The architectural boat cruises were very good, a nice way to spend 1.5 hours. If you intend to shop in Bloomingdales, visit the Guest Information Desk first, they will give you a 10% voucher for any purchases you make on the day over $50, and they also have some very useful maps and booklets of where to shop, where to dine etc, I found these booklets really good and better than the ones available in the hotels. Do try to get to see a baseball game, the EL or subway train will take you right to the ground. We also found a lovely little place for breakfast behind the Hilton at 75 West Harrison Street, its called Orange and the fresh fruit and pancakes and freshly squeezed juices are really worth the 5 minute walk from the Hilton for breakfast, the staff are friendly and the place is nice and relaxed, several pieces of local artwork on the walls... all of it for sale also make it interesting, definitely worth a visit. The beach is good for a hot day, take something to sit on as we didnt manage to find any sun loungers or chairs to hire. One thing I would recommend you to do is The House of Blues, Gospel Brunch, this was really fun, the food good and the Gospel Singers were fantastic, book ahead for this one to make sure you get in. Afternoon tea at The Drake was superb, highly recommended!	
Aug 17 2006	Not a Hilton you'd expect	My teen daughter and teen nephew stayed at the Hilton on the first weekend of August 2006. We Had a 22nd fl suite with 2 bathrooms. The check in was great and courteous and we enjoyed the interior beauty of this Chicago landmark. The linens were soft and the pillows dreamy with super comfortable beds. The location to the Field Museum and Millineum Park is minutes away. Only a couple of small concerns that I can say and it is when a bathroom is cleaned by the staff they could take the time to wipe off the grime from the light switch covers, and remove the black mold from the shower curtain, a little gross. Also when we checked in around 6 p.m. and we were on our floor to get to our room, we had to somewhat dodge the food trays left along the floor from the other suites. We went out for the evening and arrived after 11 p.m. and the trays were not taken away. The next morning I wanted to express my concerns at the front desk and there was no way we would get thru the line ups before 30 minutes. For the location I would recommend to stay but the cleanliness is a concern.	
Aug 15 2006 	Loved The Hilton	Though we live in Chicago, my girlfriend and I decided to get a room at the Hilton since the hotel was hosting a function we attended that night. No complaints at all about the stay. I'm a Hilton Honors member and not only was check-in a breeze, but we were upgraded to a two bed, two bath room on the Executive Level at no additional charge. The room was an okay size. I think we lost a little space with that second bathroom, but I'll take the second full bath any day. All amenities were of the highest quality and the bed and bedding were top notch. Our bags were brought up just minutes after our arrival. Overall, a very pleasant stay and a very good value for the downtown location. I would return to this hotel and would recommend it to others.	
Aug 12 2006 	convenient - nothing special/post-stay customer service could use improvement	Stayed here on a Saturday night. Didn't use any hotel services, so can't comment on those. The door staff were great. I recieved an upgrade from a two bed one bathroom, to a two bed two bathroom room. Of course my luck, the shower in my bathroom was broken, so I ended up having to use the other one (thankfully I did have that option).The only negative experience I encountered was post-stay in that I received a charge on my credit card for a dinner at the restaurant, on the eve of the day I checked-out. While this was dealt with quickly upon calling the hotel a few days later, the person I spoke to, did not go out of their way to apologize for the inconvenience. I also got a sense from the tone of voice and the general manner with wich the person interacted with me that their going in attitude was this was a correct credit card charge and that it was going to be to me to prove otherwise. Luckily for me, it was easy.If you are a walker, then, the walk to and from Giordano's Pizzeria on Rush is definitely doable, allowing you to experience Michigan Avenue.	
Aug 10 2006 	Enjoyed our Stay	I traveled to Chicago the first week of August with my wife and two children. We chose this hotel because of its proximity to the musuems. It was definately the right choice.I did not have any of the problems the previous reviewers had. We stayed on an executive floor (paid $188/night avg by calling direct to hotel). So I am not sure the impact the executive floor had on our service. Check-in took less than 2 minutes. Our bags were delivered to the room shortly after we got there. Anyone that travels to Boston or NYC on a regular basis will consider these rooms more than spacious. We had two full bathrooms, which is great for traveling with kids.The rooms were very clean, linens excellent and all the furniture in very good shape. My only concern is that the doormen are not very knowledgeable about thier city. I cannot comment on the hotel food because we like to sample a city's offering. There are several excellent venues within a few blocks to get a bite to eat.I would recommend this hotel to either business or family travelers.	
Aug 9 2006	Too Many Extra Fees	I stayed at the Chicago Hilton for a conference at McCormick Place. The room was very nice - 2 double beds and 2 bathrooms. Beds were confortable and the baths were lovely.What irritated me was the way they charged for little things. The fitness center, which is very nice for a hotel, was $13 per day!!! It certainly wasn't that nice - I think the indoor track was probably 1/16 of a mile - not great for a runner. I actually managed to get exchange privledges for the FitPlex gym on State street which was absolutely fabulous.The pool (and the tiny track) are free but the pool was closed the first dy we were there. Now that wasn't the hotel's fault, as a child had contaminated it, but they should have allowed guests to use the fitness center at a discounted rate since the pool was unavailable to swim laps. Frankly, the girl working the desk was rude when I made that comment, even though I was polite to her. Additionally, like many travelers, although I checked out in the morning, my flight wasn't until the evening. I have never before had a problem storing luggage at the hotel. At the Hilton Chicago you had to go to the 2nd floor (not the bellman) and pay to have your bags stored. Granted, it wasn't expensive but it seems ridiculous given what you pay per night that they feel the need to charge $1.50 per bag.At the end of the day, I probably wouldn't go back. Especially when I travel for business it is very important to me to keep up with my daily fitness routine and I refuse to pay $13/day for mediocre facilities. For what you pay, these things should be included.Chicago is a lovely city and I will return, but will stay elsewhere.	
Aug 1 2006 	not nearly as good as expected	I was very disappointed by this hotel as I and all my friends had always figured Hilton= luxury+style and while the hotel itself has great potential to offer both these things unfortunately they choose not to capitalise on this potential. To begin with, it took just over 45mins to check in, we received no help with our bags (4 women on a shopping week have plenty!) and it was virtually impossible to get anyone at reception to help with any queries and in a very impersonal hotel like this the only helpful person I could find was the man at the baggage check. Probably was SO disappointed in this hotel because when in Chicago the previous summer had stayed in the much more personal, comfortable and central Sofitel so this summer guess which one I'll be going back to? - Not to hard to figure out eh!The one good thing I have to say about the Hilton was the breakfast in the restaurant opposite the check in was absolutely fantastic.	
Aug 1 2006 	A good choice if you have Hilton Honors status.	The first thing you need to know about this hotel is that it is huge. At one time it was the largest hotel in the world. You get all the problems that any large hotel has. It takes forever to get room service and there is an especially large dollar delivery charge (this is understandable since the kitchen is probably in a different zip code). Service in general is not very good but I thinks this is inherent in any large hotel. With that said, I did like the hotel. It is in a nice location (Michigan Avenue facing Grant Park). If you are in Chicago for pleasure or a conference at McCormick place the location is hard to beat. Business people may prefer a hotel closer to the loop. Because of it's size you can usually get a room at the Hilton if other hotels are full. It is usually one of the last 3 or 4 star hotels to fill up. Hotwire has good deals on this hotel (look for the 4 star property in or near The Loop - that is usually the Hilton -other 4 star properties in the Loop are usually full or don't post on Hotwire). If you have Hilton Honors status (Diamond) the hotel is especially nice. You should get an upgraded room on one of the top floors (24th or 25th). These have seperate elevators (no small perk because remember the hotel is huge) and a lounge. Ask for a lake view.	
Jul 29 2006	Nice hotel but not a great value	I just finished a 3 night’s stay here for a work conference. My room “conference rate” per night was $179 or $207 including all taxes. My first disappointment was I had to pay one night's worth at time of the reservation, months ahead. Then the pool/athletic club remains open only until 9:30pm so I never got to use it; that’s not late enough in my opinion. My other disappointment was the EL train could be heard at all hours of the day/night from my room on the 20th floor; I did not have a park/lake view so I’m sure that contributed to the noise.My room had two double beds and two baths. Since it was just me, two of each was not important to me but maybe for others. The mattress was ok but the linens were excellent. One of the baths was extremely large for a hotel bath; the other was the standard size. Everything was clean and in good working order but in a 3-4 star hotel I expect this. It is a very beautiful hotel from an era when building a hotel meant something; those who appreciate architecture will enjoy this hotel. Wireless internet is $10/day but if you don’t mind walking, the public library is just down two blocks on Congress and offers 1 hr of internet access for free per day; bring an ID.All in all I was not impressed with the hotel and don’t think it was a good value at $207/night. I expected more amenities and quiet at that rate.	
Jul 12 2006	The Chicago Hilton is a great hotel!	My family and I (2 adults and 2 children) stayed at the Chicago Hilton from July 4-July 7 and agree with other reviewers that I can't understand the negative reviews that others have written about this hotel. The Chicago Hilton is a grand old hotel (but very up to date) and is beautiful inside. The front lobby is gorgeous and very elegant. Our room was very spacious with 2 very comfortable queen beds and a nice marble bathroom. The room was very clean and comfortable with plenty of space for 4 people. We didn't have a spectacular view, but I'm sure if we asked to be moved, they would have accommodated us if possible. The staff was wonderful. One of our sons was taking medication that needed to be refrigerated and when we realized that we didn't have a refrigerator, I called the front desk to inquire about one. I was told that they do supply refrigerators for a fee of $25 a day. Thinking that was a little steep, I asked if there was another option. The clerk that I spoke to immediately transferred me to one of the managers and when I explained the situation, he agreed to send up a refrigerator to our room and waive the fee. He did this without me even asking! To me, that was great customer service! The concierge (Donald) was very knowledgeable and helpful with all of our questions and suggestions. The restaurant in the hotel that we ate in was a little pricey, but the food was good and it was convenient. The hotel is directly across the street from Grant Park, which has nice walking/biking/skating trails to travel on. Very nice landscaping and a nice place to spend some time. Make sure you get over to the park to see the fountain at night, when there is a light show and music. There is a free trolley that takes you to various places in the city, but we were able to see a lot of the sites on foot from the hotel's location. We took a water taxi to the Navy Pier (that was a little too far to walk....especially with 2 kids!) and that was a fun way to see the city and also to rest our tired feet! All-in-all, we had a great experience staying at the Chicago Hilton and will definitely stay there again whenever we go back to Chicago.	
Jul 8 2006	Great 4th of July Weekend	We stayed at the Hilton from June 30 - July 4, 2006. Our room was first rate, and the service at the hotel was too. The hotel has a great location on Michigan Ave across the street from Grant Park. The first weekend in July is the Taste of Chicago festival and the fireworks which takes place in Grant Park. So this is a great location for both. We also found it easy to visit all of the sites in downtown by either walking or taking a taxi.We would definitely stay again.	
Jul 8 2006	Memorable Experience!	My husband and I stayed here for one night after we were married and we were impressed with the hotel staff. We told the lady at the check-in desk that we had just gotten married and when we came back from dinner we noticed that a complimentary bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries had been sent to our room. We considered this a wonderful act of service and it showed that the hotel really valued and listened to it's customers. Our room was lovely and clean and this made for a comfortable stay. We were only there one night before flying out for our honeymoon but we wished we could have stayed a little longer to enjoy some of the other hotel amenities and the downtown Chicago activities.	
Jul 7 2006	Great Stay at the Hilton	Had a great stay at the Hilton. Upgraded to a room on the Executive Level with 2 full size beds and 2 baths. The room was very clean and the entire staff was friendly. Unable to get a lake view without paying an extra $75/night. Also, continental breakfast is free for Executive level guest. Great location, very close to the Taste of Chicago event. Free shuttle to Magnificent Mile. Fire broke out at the hotel during my visit but still had a ball.	
Jun 27 2006	Beware of the 2-bed and 2-bath room	While my title says &quot;beware&quot;, I merely say this as a precaution when you select which room you want. Everything else was very top-notch. We got our room on a good deal with Hotwire. When we arrived, the check-in line was long, so my wife and I didn't want to wait and instead, we headed for the auto check in kiosks. While going thru the screen, the room with a king bed was not available, but the system opted for a room with &quot;2 beds, 2 bathrooms.&quot; We immediately selected the room with excitement thikning we were getting a suite. So the machine spit out the room keys and my receipt and we were on our way. When we arrived at the room, the description was right, 2 beds and 2 bathrooms. However, the two beds were TWIN BEDS. Suddenly we were back in the 1950's like Lucy and Ricky Ricardo. Since we were only staying one night, and we were too tired to go back down and change our room, we decided to sleep one night in separate beds. Besides the bed logistics, the room itself was great. The bathrooms were both clean and had La Source/Crabtree &amp; Evelyn ameneties. The beds themselves were very comfy. All in all, its a perfect room for friends travelling since 2 bathrooms means getting ready can happen in less time. The hotel clientele varies from Chicago tourists to business travellers. Its almost like going to Vegas where you have people dressed to the nines intermingling with folks in sweatshirts and jean shorts waiting in line for breakfast. The attached stores and restaurants are nice too. The latest bar to stay open is Kitty OSheas unless another bar has enough people. As far as location, its great for getting into Grant Park, so those going to Taste of Chicago or Lollapalooza wouldn't need any taxi or bus help whatsoever. Also, parking is pricey - $38 a day. Consider other all-day options from lots around the area if you don't mind walking a few blocks. So all in all, its a fine hotel. Just watch what you shop for.	
Jun 20 2006	Actually pretty nice!	Stayed at the Chicago Hilton for a long weekend. I simply do not understand the negative reviews of the hotel on this site -- perhaps they come from people who only want to stay in sterile, ultra-modern hotels.The lobby of the hotel is spectacular. The rooms were actually very large and nice, with new furnishings done in a style to match the hotel's public spaces. The beds and linens were very comfortable, and our room had new electronics and web-tv. There is absolutely no reason for this hotel to be considered anything less than a four star by anyone who has done a bit of traveling. Is this a Penninsula or Four Seasons? No; but it doesn's cost $500.00 per night. At a minimum, this hotel has all the comfort and amenities you would find at any 4 star business hotel, wrapped up in a grand, old package. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jun 19 2006	Amazing Hotel!!!!	Totally wonderful historic hotel. I booked this hotel on Hotwire for $106 to surprise my husband for his birthday. He thought I must have paid a fortune. It was a beautiful hotel and the staff could not have been more friendly. The hotel was completely modern but retained that historic feel. I agree with previous reviews that the bathroom is a bit small compared to other luxury hotels, but no big deal. The bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in and besides the occasional sound of the El, was very quiet. The breakfast buffet was amazing, but a bit pricey. It was a bit of a walk to other restaurants, but the area was very safe and cabs or train was readily available. There was a free shuttle all day to the Magnificenat Mile shopping area. I would recommend this hotel to anyone!	
May 30 2006	This place is great.	I stayed here for one night, May 28, 2006, and overall, I thought that this place was great. I arrived at 9:00am to ask when I would be able to check-in. They lady at the Hilton HHonors front desk counter told me to give her my cell phone number and that she would call me when my room was ready. I told her that would be great. I was able to leave my luggage for free until I returned. I doubted that they would really call me, but sure enough, at 2:30PM, the same lady called me and told me that my room was ready. I just had to pick up the key at the front desk.I received a King Non-smoking room (as I requested) on the 16th floor. The room was great. The AC was quiet and worked fine. The room was plenty big, and I barely heard the El go by during the day. The bed was comfy. The bathroom, however, was a bit small. I have silver status with Hilton HHonors, which usually isn't worth too much. But at this hotel, I received free access to the huge Hilton Athletic Club on the 8th floor and two complimentary bottles of water in the room. I would stay at this hotel again simply because of the size the gym. Many past reviewers have commented on the prices at the hotel restaurants. Yes, they are quite expensive, but you are paying for location and convenience. I had the cold breakfast buffet on Monday morning for $13.50 and I thought the food was fine. The service was great!Complaints: There was a NCFL (debate) tournament at this hotel during my stay and the elevators were always slow. I doubt this would be a problem if I stayed at the hotel when they were less busy. The toilet in the room backed up several times and seemed to take several flushes to do the trick. I payed $143.00 (+tax) for the room and thought that it was good value for Chicago.	
May 12 2006	Loved the hotel	We loved the hotel. When I see other posts about it being shabby I can't for the life of me figure out what they are talking about. Rooms were large with TWO bathrooms, lobby was fabulous, pool was large with two hot tubs and huge gym, staff was courteous. For us, the location was great--across the street from Grant Park with a great view of Buckingham Fountain and close to all the museums and theatres. I'm sure others would rather be north of the river closer to the Magnificent Mile but we enjoyed the quieter and more scenic location. Got it for $105 on Hotwire. What a bargain for such a nice hotel.	
May 11 2006 	Feel in love with the Hilton Chicago	Our Hilton Chicago stay was amazing. I fell in love with the views, the room, the staff. We stayed on the Executive floor where delicious treats are provided throughout the day, the beds are memorable, and the rooms have three phones and a huge television. We found the floor to be very quiet. Darwin drove the shuttle (free) for the regular man during my stay. He made me you feel like a queen each time you boarded. I was told he was usually the bell captain, so look for him. After reading some reviews, we almost didn't stay here. It was historic, however, and so we took the chance. You will feel transported back to the golden years, and if you quiet yourself, you'll pick up on the grandness.	
May 7 2006	Look elsewhere	We stayed at 2 Hilton properties on our trip -- this one and the Palmer House (using HHonors points where available each night of our stay). At each hotel, we were given a room on the executive level. The Palmer House was easily the nicest of the 2 hotels.The Chicago Hilton looks like a has-been. The entry area is beautiful, but most of the lobby looks like it hasn't been updated for a long time. Except for the comfortable pillowtop beds, you could say the same about the rooms. Our room was very cramped and had a tired old air-conditioning system that never quite cooled as desired. The 2 bathrooms really showed their age with worn polished brass fixtures. The entire hotel appears to be very clean, but outdated. The location is great for going to Grant Park, but not close to anything else. Most restaurants require a 10 to 15 minute walk. Hilton seriously needs to update this property. Their in-room pamphlet describes the hotel's history, and touts the $150 million update done in the early 1980's. It is evident that they are still trying to squeeze out a return on that investment. Go to the Palmer House instead.	
Apr 20 2006	Stay Far Away	Recent stay will be our last. First we were put in a large suite with lake views, requested a non smoking room, checked into room, and was sickened by the smell of smoke. Went back to check-in desk and were told again it was a non-smoking room, once we told them there were ashtrays on every table, they moved use to another much smaller but clean room. In the smaller room, the heat did not work, was fixed by a maintenance worker who told us it was blowing air conditioning not heat. Bed was comfortable, bathroom was ok, views from both rooms were terrific. Check-in was a 30 minute wait, 2 people working, and 20 in line. Pool was so bad, even my child wouldn't swim in it. Room service, for 1 sandwich, 1 beer and an omelet, cost $60. Although my family member said the HIlton Sandwich was one of the best he ever had. This hotel has a history and beauty almost unrivaled in Chicago, however, it has not been maintained and is now in a sad state of disrepair. MUCH better hotels in Chicago.	
Apr 18 2006	Pleasantly Surprised	We have just come back from a four night stay at the Chicago Hilton on South Michigan Avenue and I am pleased to say the hotel surpassed our expectations (especially after reading a few of the more critical reviews on this website). The entrance is impressive and quite grand and there were huge bouquets of fresh flowers dotted about the lobby which was a nice touch. The staff on check-in were also very friendly and welcoming. We were offered a king size bed and although we had no view to speak of, the room was large and very clean.The hotel is about a 15-20 minute walk to Sears Tower and about 5-10 minutes to the Shedd Aquarium and Lake Michigan (through Grant Park). My only criticism of the hotel is that the location is South Michigan Avenue rather than the main shopping hub where some of the other big hotels are located on North Michigan. If you dont mind a brisk 20 minute walk or hopping in a taxi (about $7-8 dollars to the other end of Michigan Avenue) then I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Apr 10 2006	met expectations	Stayed April 6 &amp; 7 with a pretty good rate found through TravelAxe. Checked in late so king room was not available; front desk said they would put us on the list to change the next day when they expected many checkouts. Room had 2 bathrooms, both with very limited counter space. (This is a common gripe we have with many hotels.) Breakfast was expensive but good (typical for this level hotel). We ordered from the menu but they also have a buffet.The next afternoon we were able to move into a king. Its bathroom was about the same. This room was on the back side of the building on the 18th floor. We had some noise from the &quot;El&quot; but the windows and curtains filtered it pretty well.Location is convenient. We walked to the Shedd Aquarium and walked back from Marshall Fields on Wabash &amp; Washington.	
Mar 25 2006	Expected more from the hotel . . .	It was just okay. The hotel needs to be remodeled. For what I paid, I could have easily stayed at a nicer hotel in the same area.	
Mar 19 2006	fading like memories	I'm really lukewarm on this hotel. I've stayed here several times, and have some wonderful memories of family events here. It's definitely one of the grand old hotels, and relatively well kept up. However it seems like there are so many better choices in Chicago. On my last two stays we've been upgraded (Hilton Hhonors diamond level) to the executive floors and had great views of the lake. The executive floor lounge has drinks and snacks in the afternoon and continental breakfast in the morning. Both are average and comparable to the same at any other hotel. The lounge room itself isn't anything special. The rooms on both of the past two stays were very small, although I've had bigger rooms in the hotel without lake view. The bedding and decorating in the bedrooms are typical Hilton and fairly new. The TV is comically large for such a small room. The bathrooms were updated at some point with marble floors and countertops, but it looks like it was probably in the 1980's because of the gold trim faucets and fixtures which look very out of date now. On top of that the finish isn't holding up very well. My biggest complaint with my most recent stay is that there is NOTHING available in the hotel for eating after 10 PM. except room service, and even that is very limited. I returned from the theatre at 10, expecting to be able to at least get a sandwich in the bar, but no. I wanted to ask the concierge to recommend something in the neighborhood, but nobody was working at that desk. The front desk had one employee and about 5 people in line. I finally asked a person at the bell stand, and he said there was a bar two blocks back, but that looked too seedy to me. So the only choice was room service, and that was extremely limited and of course had all the extra costs associated with it. I'm really surprised that such a large hotel, with the level of service that this one promises, couldn't do better. For this reason alone, I think I'll stop using this hotel while I still have SOME nice memories of times there.One final note: parking here, like any of the downtown Chicago hotels is expensive. There is a private parking garage directly behind the hotel on Wabash St. that has 24 hr parking w/ in &amp; out for $21. It's almost as close as parking in the hotel, and about half the price.	
Mar 13 2006 	Won't stay here again...give me a Marriott any day!	I stayed at the Chicago Hilton because it was host to a conference I was attending. Before I arrived I tried to find out about the &quot;In Room Fitness&quot; program advertised on the corporate website. I called the 800 reservation number and the client service representative answered that the hotel did have a fitness center. I explained that I was inquiring about the 'In Room Fitness' advertised on their website. She put me on hold and came back a few minutes later and told me that there was no such thing and that I should call the property directly. I did and got the same response. I asked if they could reserve a treadmill for my room. Again, this was a problem. When I arrived at the hotel, no treadmill was available. When I went to tour the fitness room the first night I found that they close at 9pm. When I returned to the center the next day I discovered that they charge $13 per day to use the fitness equipment. The pool, track and locker room are free, but to use the treadmills, etc. you have to pay $13 per day. This charge is not noted anywhere -- not on the website, not in any of the guest service materials in the room. The food for the conference was mediocre, but the one room service meal I had was pretty good. During one of the conference lunch sessions the wait staff made so much noise we couldn't hear the speaker. The HVAC didn't work well in my room and I kept the windows open for most of my three night stay. The beds were comfortable with very nice linens. I tried to get a late checkout, which was offered on a card in my room. The woman who answered the phone would only give me an hour, not the 11-2pm range advertised in my room. The best service I received was from the folks in the Security office. The hotel does not have safes in guest rooms, so I became very friendly with Security office as I locked up my laptop between conference sessions and every other time I couldn't carry it out of the hotel. I visit Chicago at least once a year for personal travel and will continue to stay at the Marriott properties. Only wish I had done so for this visit.	
Mar 10 2006	Awful stay at the Michigan Avenue Hilton Chicago	This hotel was a disappointment in so many ways. Heat could not be regulated in rooms, dogs allowed with little to no management over their barking, radios didn't work, 1st room was dirty and very noisy (by Maid's room). Upon checking out, noted a $300 bill on my room. Hotel clerk noted that I had used the mini-bar for that cost. Since I didn't use the mini bar, nor had I checked into that room (after the first dirty one), until 5:30 PM and the bar had been used by previous (smoking) residents. The Hotel clerk's attitude was dismissive and she told me that I could call the next day to clear it up with a Manager (who she called). She finally cleared the bill for the mini-bar. Never again will I knowingly stay at a Hilton!Restaurant was very good, however!	
Feb 12 2006	Average Hotel...	When I visited Chicago for the first time, the &quot;Hilton&quot; brand seemed like a safe bet. I remember having seen it in that Harrison Ford movie (Fugitive?)...and it looked nice. When I arrived, I was surprised at how old it was. It is an extremely old hotel...but appears to have been relatively well maintained.The line at check in was LONG...but I was impressed at how quickly the line was moving. Kudos to the front desk staff.The room was average. Not great...not bad. It was quite large -- I got one with two double beds, as I was staying there with a friend of mine (not my spouse).Didn't eat in the restaurants...just got orange juice and a danish at their coffee counter. Service was quick...prices were fair.On my next trip to Chicago, I would certainly explore other hotels before I would return to the Chicago Hilton.	
Feb 6 2006	Good hotel but watch out for the charges..	This was our 3rd stay (2/3&amp;4/2006)and it was a little disppointing from past experiences. Let me start with the great things. Number one is the service, everyone we met provided outstanding service from the bell staff to the Pavillion waiter. I was espically impressed with the Towers Floor Concierge Oscar. Not that my questions and requests of him was all that burdensome, but getting to observe him with other guests while relaxing in the lounge made me wish every hotel had an Oscar. But overall, the entire staff exhibited a Four Seasons level of service.The first disappointing thing was the room itself. It was a very small room (2341) with no view of anything other than other rooms directly across from it. Also while it did have a desk it was too small to have a table or any other way for 2 people to have an in-room dinner. On the plus if not unusual side it did have two bathrooms. At first I brushed off this knowing that the hotel can only have so many lake view, or city view rooms. Then I met other guest who were loving their fantastic lakeview room the booked through Priceline for about half the price I was paying for mine (and we're Hilton Gold members to boot.) They said they got it since the hotel was at such low occupancy.The low occupancy was my other disappointment, although I can't blame the hotel for that. Because of the slow period one of my to-do things, dinner at their steakhouse Buckinghams, was skipped because Buckinghams was closed during our stay. The Pavillion was certainly good sandwich fare, but no steakhouse. Also because of the low occupancy their free shuttle to the downtown shopping area wasn't running either. The last disappointment, and I don't want to make too big a deal about these, is the nickle and dimeing the hotel has taken to. First the $32 parking fee another reviewer referenced is now $38 ($41 for valet), late check out (even with low occupancy) is $25 and if you want the bellstaff to hold your bags for you that is another $1.50 per bag. This has to the first time I've ever seen that charge at any hotel, I hope it doesn't catch on.To finish on a good note, because there is more good than disapponts, the room and entire hotel was extremely clean and well furnished. We had a large flat screen TV, very plush bedding with a least a half dozen pillows, and housekeeping kept the room well stock with their evening turndown service.I will come back, I just wish they had choices on the web site where you could reserve a lakeview room even if they charged a premium for them, rather than having them be the luck of the draw.	
Jan 22 2006	Loved the Chicago Hilton and Towers	We stayed at the Chicago Hilton just before Christmas last year and were absolutely enthralled with the hotel. The decorations were gorgeous and the staff extremely friendly -- all of which made the visit quite magical. As advertised, the Chicago Hilton is more like a city within a hotel as it has, within its walls, several restaurants, an Irish Pub, shops, ballrooms, etc. The entrance lobby had a gorgeous Christmas tree and there was usually some type of entertainment (i.e., piano player, children's choir, etc.) Our room was very comfortable, quite clean and extremely quiet. We had a corner room at the back of the hotel with a decent view of the neighborhood and the Sears Tower. Plus, I booked the room on-line through United vacations and got a great rate.One tip, if you're not planning on renting a car, take the Blue Line &quot;L&quot; from Chicago O'Hare. We landed at O'Hare just ahead of one of the biggest snow storms of the season, boarded the train and ended up zipping past all the poor people who were stuck on the highway. Catch the train right in the airport, transfer to the Red Line at either Washington or Jackson stations, and then take the Red Line south to Harrison. Exit the station and walk about two blocks east to Michigan Avenue. Turn right and the Hilton is just a block or two away.	
Jan 18 2006	Met expectations	We stayed here over a long weekend for a convention. The rooms were clean and the bed very comfortable. The staff we met were always very friendly. Our room faced away from the lake and we could hear the train (L) pass. It wasn't enough to wake you, but it was noticeable. Parking was $30 per night.	
Dec 23 2005 	So much better than 30 years ago - now its great!	Thirty years ago, we had a tiny &quot;room&quot; and indifferent service. This time, the service was superb and friendly throughout, with special commendation for the waiters and waitresses at the coffee shop, the door and bell persons, and the hilton honors person at the front desk. They even lowered our price (to moderately high) when we inquired a few days before our stay. When we want to stay south of the river downtown, we will be back	
Dec 23 2005	Will not stay any longer	We have stayed at the Hilton and Towers for the last four years in December. My wife and I do a downtown getaway for ourselves. Each year it gets more difficult staying here. We checked in Friday evening Dec. 16th. The lady at the front desk was Oriental and I had a difficult time understanding her. They did not have a king like I had requested months ago. She found a king eventually and it turned out to be a handicap room. With my wife being a nurse that is the last type of room she wanted to see. I trudged back down to see the mgr. He gave us a different king room. This one with two bathrooms. In one of them the bathtub did not drain. The TV controller did not work. Our view was of three walls outside our window. Each year there seems to be more problems and 32.00 to park your car overnight is ridiculous. The shuttle is close by and that's good and the bed was very nice.	
Dec 16 2005	Great Deal	My husband and I went to Chicago for the first time this December to see a Bears game. This hotel was fantastic. We got a great internet rate right on their website. We checked in earlier than expected, and the hotel had a room ready and waiting for us. Although it is a little south of &quot;the loop,&quot; the hotel offered a free shopping shuttle that brought you as far up Michigan Ave. as you wanted to go. It took a little while, but the walk back was really nice. This is a great location for anyone seeing a game at Soldier Field. It is within walking distance (approx. 1/2 mile?), as are several of the major museums. We could actually see the field from our room. We had some trouble with our sink and tub draining, but we called the front desk, and not only did they fix it, but they also called us to make sure that it was done to our satisfaction. I felt very safe the whole time we were there, and the best part was that the subway was only 2 blocks away, and took us directly to and from the airport. No need for a car if you are staying here. We would stay here again in a second.	
Nov 28 2005	Better than expected.	I got a good rate on the Hilton through Priceline. Initially I was disappointed due to the south-of-the-loop location of this hotel, and some of the reviews. It ended up being an above average hotel. Had a room with king bed and view of the Sears tower. Amenities were good, room was spacious, maid service was good, really comfy bed, nice TV, and great lobby. Tons of people running through the lobby (even on thanksgiving day), but didn't get to try any of the restaurants. The best part of this property (that made up for its not-so-great-location) was that it was 2 blocks from the red line train. We were able to get everywhere we wanted (Second City, Loop, Magnificent Mile, Sears Tower, Hancock Tower) by just hopping on the train. Great hotel in a better than expected location	
Nov 13 2005 	birthday weekend	my family and i stayed at the chicago hilton for 2 nights. The staff were nice, valet service staff were very acommendating and they went far beyond our expectations to make my family feel very welcome. The breakfast buffet was fit for royalty and we plan to return very soon!! The rooms with 2 bathrooms were very spacious and convenient for all of the family. we were very honored to receive a personalized &quot;hand written&quot; thank you note from lisa chmiel only days after our checkout date. the beds were very comfortable and the bathrooms very beautiful and spacious. the room was very clean, but next time we would prefer a view of grant park and lake michigan. thank you for allowing me to experience a wonderful birthday.	
Nov 10 2005	Beautiful and luxurious	My husband and I were in Chicago for a Bon Jovi concert for one night and we purchased our standard king room on Hotwire for $105.00. What a great deal, considering the Palmer House Hilton was charging $199.00 for the same Saturday night! We usually stay at the Palmer House when in Chicago and like the convenient location near to the train station and shopping. The only downside to the Hilton Towers is that the location is poor for shopping and the neighborhood is not desirable. Also, we had a hard time hailing a cab after the concert at the United Center. However, EVERYTHING else about the Hilton on Michigan Ave. was perfect. We had a luxurious, clean king-size bed with 5 down pillows and down comforter and pillow-top mattress. The room had a corner view of the museum and the lake, but it was raining and we couldn't see too much anyway. We could not find one speck of dirt anywhere, not even on the windowsills! The furniture was beautiful and elegant and the marble tub enclosure with brass fixtures was a nice touch. Also, a large flat-screen TV was appreciated. We also enjoyed the fully-stocked minibar. We ate dinner at Kitty O'Shea's Irish Pub. The red-haired waitress was pleasant and smiled a lot, but it was smoky and very loud. This is not a criticism, however, because at 6 pm on a Saturday night in Chicago, one would expect that in a pub. The food was good and portions were huge. Breakfast at the Pavillion restaurant was fantastic. I had the fruit and cereal bar, which reminded me of the fare served at European hotels, including coldcuts, cheese, and croissants. All the staff were friendly and helpful, from the maid to the valet to the concierge (who gave excellent directions) to the waiters, to the reception clerk. The really outstanding part: my husband forgot his carry-on bag in our room and when we called the hotel from home, they sent it to us by FedEx in ONE DAY at their expense. We had football tickets to a Notre Dame game the following week so it was important that it arrived quickly. We are very impressed with this hotel and felt like royalty while we were there. We highly recommend it!	
Nov 9 2005	Fabulous hotel	I am just back from Chicago and the Hilton. I was there with my three girlfriends and found the hotel great. We got upgraded because I am Hilton Gold, so we were able to use the Executive floor for free breakfasts, and between 5-7pm free nibbles and an honor bar. We had booked a room with two bathrooms, which was very big and had a partial view of the lake.The hotel is straight across the the road from Grants park, and further up the Millenhium Park, which was stunning with the trees changing colour etc. The Executive floor staff were excellent, booking restaurants etc for us, and were very helpful. The swimming pool is huge, and has windows all around which was another plus. To shop, it is just around a slow half hours walk to North Michigan Avenue, which we did quite a lot, or you can take the free shuttle there, leaves every hour and returns every hour. We checked in and out with no problem, no waitin etc. We thoroughly enjoyed the hospitality of the Chicago people and staying at this hotel, and would definately stay here again. Chicago is just beautiful.	
Nov 3 2005	Pricey	This was our second stay, both times we got a super deal from Priceline ($85), and that's the only reason I would suggest staying there. It's not worth the rack rate. Valet parking costs $37/night, not including tip, and it takes at least 10min to retrieve your car. But the staff was friendly and the location across from Grant Park is quite convenient. Check in was speedy at 6pm. The room for our first stay was dingy and the furniture showed a lot of wear and tear. (That was in April '05). For our second stay we happened to get a much nicer, newer looking room with a very comfortable bed and big TV. Smoking is allowed in all common areas, like the elevator lobbies. We had no problems waiting for elevators, they were quite fast. The lobby is pretty but jam-packed with all kinds of people, so it is very loud and crowded. The attached Irish bar is smoky and lousy, skip it. PS. Don't eat at the Artist's Cafe down the street--overpriced with terrible service! Overall not a bad stay, not a bad hotel, but not 4-star. They sure do nickel-and-dime you to death!	
Oct 29 2005 	What a Rip Off!!!	I am currently staying four nights at the Hilton for business. Extremely overpriced and understaffed. First, you have to pay 9.95 for internet. However, if you are outside of your room in a common area, you have to pay an additional fee to access the internet! They\ gym costs an additional $13 a day for guests. Of course, the gym was empty during my stay because no one would pay. My room had an armoire place in front of the window, blocking access. Extremely overpriced for an average room. Everything costs extra. I am very disappointed. I would rather stay at Marriott any day.	
Oct 24 2005	Beautiful hotel	I read the reviews about this hotel after I had already made reservations. I was expecting something worse than what I actually received. Everyone and I mean everyone...from the valet attendant to the housekeeper, was kind and courteous. We received our luggage from the bell captain within 10 minutes of getting into our room. There are three banks of elevators going to certain floors and I found them to be very prompt. The front desk clerks were very nice and knowledgeable about venues in the city. Check in and out was extremely fast considering that we were there during the opening games of the World Series. The lobby is absolutely gorgeous. I recommend that you get a lake-view room. The only negative thing that I found about the entire hotel was that our room door seemed to weigh about 50 pounds. I'm not sure if it was a fire door or if it was that heavy due to soundproofing, but it could certainly knock you off of your feet if you stood in the doorway while it was closing. Overall I think that you get what you pay for and tipping really does a lot &quot;To Insure Prompt Service&quot;. We do have to remember that the bell captains and valet attendants. Et. Al. are in the service industry and probably don't make that much money. If you were in a position to get more money for doing something faster for one person than to another who wasn't going to tip you...what would you do? Overall this is a huge great hotel with first class service.	
Oct 16 2005	Great location	Stayed for 3 nights in October. Excellent location across from Grant park. All staff at reception and concierge were friendly, knowledgeable and made us feel welcome. Room was spacious and clean. The hotel restaurant across from reception was also excellent. I did not like the Irish bar because it was dirty and was full of smoke, and also didn't like a barmaid in the bar near reception who had a bad attitude especially when she seemed to refuse tip left for nice male waiter and threw change at my husband!But apart from these 2 small problems which involved &quot;attached&quot; parts to the hotel we would stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 11 2005 	Inconsistent	The Hilton was once the largest hotel in the country, and it has its place in Chicago history. It presents a nice image to the general public, but its local management is behind the times. Some rooms are excellent though old, and other rooms are lacking in good housekeeping and showing their age. The health club and swimming pool are actually located on top of the parking ramp. The restaurants and bar and overpriced, and better food and brew can be found within walking distance. I'd rather stay at the Drake for the same prices.	
Oct 10 2005 	Very positive experience	I obtained a room using Priceline and was unsure what to expect. The room was spacious and contained two full beds. The furnishings were in good repair, and the room was quiet and comfortable. I had a wonderful view of Lake Michigan. This was a great value ($90) for the location. We enjoy taking the kids to the Chicago museums, so I look forward to staying at this location again!	
Oct 5 2005	Convenient great Pool but Reservation Problem	Despite having confirmed my reservation with a credit card, when I arrived there were no rooms available consistent with my reservation. The desk staff were not helpful. Ultimately I was placed in a room not usually used and directly under the kitchen. Until very late and again early in the AM the very loud sound of rumbling, rolling carts made sleep impossible. The next morning it took my making a few trips back to the desk, becoming aggressive and getting to the manager to get resituated in a room that met the reservation. Though I was given a breakfast coupon at the hotel coffee shop- a extensive and good buffet-the incident really got my vacation off to a bad start. Otherwise it is a convenient location, walking distance to the Art Institute, Buddy Guy Blues Club, Lake Michigan and its parks, shopping, as well as convenient for various public transportation connections. Having a pool was a definite plus on the hot, muggy August days I stayed there. Elegant lobby areas make one feel extravagant, even when taking advantage of weekend discounts.	
Sep 20 2005	Very disappointed	Checked in to the hotel at 11:20 pm on 9/2/05 after making on-line reservations on the Hilton website and paying for the 2 rooms in advance. One room was fine but the other was a total disaster. Had not been cleaned, smelled of urine in the carpet, vomit in the bathtub, debris everywhere. Staff seemed concerned but could not find adjoining or close by room as reserved. Promised to &quot;make it right&quot; and move us the next day. Returned to hotel at 3pm the next day and they wanted to assign us the same room. Said housekeeping supervisor had personally cleared it. Bell Captain staff took our luggage to the room, opened the door and refused to go in. Still smelled of urine. Fortunately Bell Captain staff was able to find us another room as front desk seemed unable to do the job. HHonors manager promised to refund to our credit card immediately. Never done. When contacted, HHonors manager said a check was being issued for the cost of the 2nd room for both nights. Its been 16 days and still no refund. Never stay at this hotel! I even provided digital photos to the HHonors manager to show the terrible condition of the room (2052).	
Sep 19 2005	Great Hotel for Our First Visit	My husband and I had a great stay at this hotel over Labor Day weekend; it was unlike some of the recent reviewers’ experiences. We had booked a king room with two bathrooms and selected an upgrade to a king towers room via e-check-in before our arrival since my husband is a Gold HHonors member. We were given a king room on the 23rd floor, which was executive level, when we checked in at the separate HHonors check-in desk. I asked the front desk attendant what the differences between all of the rooms that were listed during e-check-in (and I had kept the Tripadvisor reviews in mind), and she showed us a map of the hotel layout and where our room would be. She also explained that the two double-bed rooms with two bathrooms were the biggest rooms. The entrance from Michigan Ave. is amazing, and the hotel definitely had a “grand air” about it, even though there were tons of people in the lobby. The lobby was always busy and noisy with many people around, but our floor was always quiet. The Grand Ballroom was breathtaking, and the hotel made a point of letting its guests know that it had hosted many distinguished guests and made appearances on various tv shows and in movies. It was a nice touch to have a tv in the Executive Level rooms and suites’ elevators.I regretted not keeping the king room with two bathrooms, even though there were only two of us, since our room wasn’t huge, but it was more than enough space for my husband and me. The room was off of the front of the building, which had the lake and park views, so we had a side city view that faced south. We were high enough so that we couldn’t hear any noise from the street. The room had a historic air, but everything was updated. Everyone repeatedly stated that the beds were incredibly comfortable, but I didn’t believe it until I slept on one myself. I always have difficulty sleeping in hotel beds, but I didn’t have any trouble at all, which was a pleasant surprise, and my husband agreed that it was the most comfortable bed he had ever slept on, other than our own! I’m also sensitive to light and noise in the morning, so I wear a sleeping mask and earplugs, even at home, and our three-night stay was the first time that I never had to use either! The trade-off in having the smaller room was that we had access to the executive lounge, which served continental breakfast in the morning, hors d’oeuvres in the afternoon, and drinks through the evening. Luckily, we were able to take advantage of this a couple of times. We were also told that we would have access to the fitness room, but we didn’t have a chance to use it.The location was fine for us. We did realize that we weren’t in the “heart of the action,” but we spent a lot of time in the “Grant Park” area for Millenium Park, the Art Institute, the Jazz Festival, and Museum Campus, so it didn’t bother us. There were several subway/El stations nearby, and we used it a lot to get from one part of the city to another, as we’ve done in other major cities.One complaint that we did have was that the hotel seemed to “nickel-and-dime” its customers. Like a previous reviewer, we had to pay $1.50 per piece of luggage, and although we were aware of this practice in general, we had never encountered it during any of our trips. Also, we printed boarding passes out in the business center on the last day of our trip and had to pay $2 for each. I could understand charging for use of the internet, but charging to print boarding passes seemed excessive.	
Sep 19 2005	Beautiful historic hotel nice location	My husband and I stayed Sept 11-13. We were not part of the HUGE convention, we took a trip away w/o the kids. Got a great military rate for a nonsmoking King Jr Suite, rm 2263. The room was located at the end of the hallway of the middle tower facing Balbo Dr., we could see the lake and the fountain (and the tracks)Check-in: Quick, as it seems we got there before all the conventioneers, though they do offer several self-check-in kiosks, with a credit card. Bell-hops were ready and willing to help us with our 1 bag. I noticed they did not offer a wet bar key?hotel/Rooms: beautiful. hallways seemed a little dark, but it was part of the ambiance. Elevators were fine even thought the hotel was booked!!! There are 2 sets of elevators, upper and lower floors. Room was clean, nice and quiet. Small living room/bar area, perfect for our snacks ,water and sodas. I didn't check to see if the couch was a pull-out, if we came back out family of four (4 and 2 yr old) could stay in this type of room comfortably. HUGE TVs in both rooms. The pictures in the review before mine are very similar to the room we stayed in, though we had an extra/separate living room. Good water pressure and lots of hot water.Gym/Pool: There was a heat wave during our visit, so we welcomed the use of the indoor pool and spa on the 8th floor. We weren't charged the extra $, I think b/c I am a Hilton Honors member. We did not try the gym, but it looked to have several different machines in a nice bright setting. There was a deck where several people we laying out. I thought it was odd that they charged for water and lockers, when they already charge for the use of the health clubFood: did not try it, ice machines always full, even though hotel was packed.Staff: always nice and smiling. They did not openly greet us in the hallways but when greeted, they warmly responded. Concierge was helpful when I was trying to get directions.Since there was a big convention in town, it was difficult to find a decent room for under $200. I had reservation for W city center and this Hilton. I cancelled the W after a Chicagoan pleaded with me to stay at the hilton b/c of the beauty of the hotel and the location. We enjoyed it very much. It wasn't a &quot;heavenly bed&quot;, but a couple evenings without the kids made the stay romantic and heavenly. We were glad we chose this hotel and would stay again. Enjoy!Hope this helps with your decision.	
Sep 19 2005	Hilton Towers very nice	We stayed in the Hiton Towers Sept 16 for 2 nights. Room was nicely decorated. Extremely comfortable bed. Room was very quiet. We had one small problem with our phone ringing with wake up calls we did not order. We reported it the 1st morning and it happened again the 2nd morning. Called the Management, and they reduced our room rate for both nights to compensate us. The hotel's decor is very elegant and &quot;old world&quot;. It is about 2 block walk to the &quot;red line&quot; train.I've been in 3 other Chicago hotels, Hyatt Regency, Westin, Best Western Inn of Chicago, and this one had the nicest rooms. (quiet &amp; comfortable bed)Parking at the hotel is $38 a night. On the street behind the Hilton are several parking lots for $19 a night.I would stay there again, but I'd unplug the phone at night.	
Sep 15 2005	Good bits and not so good bits	We were originally booked to stay at the W Hotel but due to a last minute change had to go to the Hilton instead. Having read the reviews I was a bit concerned but to be honest it is not that bad.Good bits: We arrived on Labour day and check in was speedy. First impressions of the hotel are fantastic - on entry you walk into a very grand opening with steps on each side leading up to pianos and a terrace overlooking the park. You certainly get the feel of staying somewhere expensive and elaborate. All of the public areas are clean and for such a huge hotel it is a bit of a comfort to see security guards patrolling around. Our room on the 19th floor was at the back of the hotel but we still had a great view of the Sears Tower at night. Our room was more than big enough and the television was a huge widescreen (I only mention this because a previous reviewer mentions the TV as being small!). The bathroom was big enough for two of us to be in there at the same time. It was clean with plentiful hot water.The hotel is across the street from Grant Park and the Buckingham Fountain. You can also walk a little further up to Millenium Park. It is also close to the shops on State Street and some great pub/diner places on South Wabash. There is also a free shuttle that will take you up to the shopping on North Michigan.Not so good bits: The hotel is so huge it can feel a little impersonal. Didn't really bother us but I can see how others would be irritated by this. On our second and third days the Hotel hosted a nurses convention and a printers convention. The lobby was just packed the whole time with people on mobile phones. If you are a tourist looking for personal service and peace and quiet this may not be the place for you.Although in a nice location the hotel really is out of the way for most of the &quot;tourist&quot; type things, nice restuarants and shopping. We are young and fit so didn't have a problem walking up to the North in the day but I can see how the location of the hotel could be a hinderance for the less mobile. Having said that we didn't really venture too far out at night - only a few blocks to eat - as it is definately quieter once the sun sets.The bad bits: $13 to use the fitness facilities. A cheek given the cost of the hotel in the first place. $1.50 per bag to store your luggage. Again, we consider this to be unreasonable. You would think such things would be complimentary?? The room service and restuarant costs. It was something like $15 for two eggs for breakfast. Take my advice - walk a block to Starbucks or the nearby Corner House Bakery!Summary: Hotel was clean, comfortable and very palatial. We would stay there again if we had to but for location would probably choose something further up Michigan Avenue.	
Sep 14 2005 	not a perfect 10	On the check-out billing, there is a printed message that if your stay isn't &quot;a perfect 10&quot; to let the front desk know BEFORE (and the word before is bold) checking-out.We went for a business conference &amp; of course, all is true about the hotel being historical &amp; old. Beautiful ballrooms. Impressive lobby, rich with history.However:We booked an Executive Room that was on the upper floors under the suites &amp; had a view of a brick wall opposite us although light did get in the room.As we were unpacking, we found a pair of men's pants &amp; socks in a drawer &amp; were quite disturbed, as in &quot;what else hasn't been cleaned?&quot; We called the front desk immediately &amp; someone came to collect the clothing, nothing was really said or apologized from the staff. Upon return that night, there was a fruit basket &amp; card from the manager, however, there was ALSO a dirty cloth on one of the two beds from what we assumed they used to clean the drawers.Disgusted, we phoned the front desk &amp; asked to speak to the manager whose name was on the fruit basket card from the original mishap. He was unreachable, and we heard nothing of it afterwards.Some days we had a bath mat, other days we didn't.The hotel gym costs $13/day which is appalling... since when do hotels not include the service in their hotel stay?!The staff in general were not overly friendly &amp; barely smiled.The beds were comfortable. There were dead flies on the window sill where they stack towels in the restroom.As part of the Executive level, we had breakfast included every morning on the 24th floor: cereal, granola, bagels, bottled water, yogurt, juices, pastries, one table in particular had a beautiful view of lake michigan. The appetizers in the evening were delicious, chicken on skewers &amp; veggies.Given the service, or lack thereof, I would not pick this hotel ever again.	
Sep 1 2005	worn out 	I try to get the stay in Hilton wherever I go as their service had never disappointed me until this one.I decided to stay there knowing that it was slightly out of the loop area and just way far away from the night scenes making the journey more difficult to get back to the hotel.But when I arrived there, unlike its grand features of famous history, it was a tourist deluxe hotel, which means, there were lots of foreign group travellers occupying the lobby areas and their check-in process is one of the airport ticketing service feature with this printing machine, which did not do the good job for us, which means, when we needed the personal attention, we had to wait longer with short staff numbers in sight.The way to the elevator hall was sided with tacky display of shop arcades. I find it really cheap to see these features on the lobby level.On each floor, the corridors were really grand and wide stretched endlessly but the features were from 80s and looking tired and again with tacky carpet colors.The room we got was cornered to have the view over the lake, and the park in-between, but, that particular spot in the corridor had a very unpleasant piss smell with wet floor. I guessed someone pissed in the floor and the cleaning staff did not notice it while they clean the rooms. Or, they have simply too many rooms and could not check the same spot everyday.The room size(deluxe) was excellent but again, looking tired with this sour smell from an old room I believe. And I demanded them to come and clean the windows as there were some greasy hand marks and faces/lips.Instead of changing the room immediately, they said they would send a cleaning crew to recheck the rooms. When I got back after 11pm, still the same, and I was roaring one the phone demanding them to clean the windows and desanitize the air in the room and in the corridor.And, the receptionist instead of apologizing, was saying that 'I should understand this was an old hotel.' I understood old tired features unlike other HIlton hotels I have been to, but I could not compromise with cleanliness.Eventually, the director stepped in and deducted my cost with double points, but, it was too late. It spoiled my mood already.I am sure this is a good deal for the group travelers. And I have seen the lobby bombarded with East European tourists sitting on any surface of the lobby/staircase hall talking loudly and some convention visitors to the hotel banquet rooms equally loud and with poor manners.I would like to let other Hilton guests know that this is not the best place you should choose to stay while in Chicago.So, spend some more to stay inside the loop. There are excellent hotels there. I stayed in Swissotel in my next trip.	
Aug 16 2005	Chicago Hilton Up to Par with Other 4-Stars	I generally visit Chicago 2-3 times a year, but this was my first visit to the Chicago Hilton and Towers. I found it up to par with other 4-star hotels I'd visited in the city. The room was quiet and spacious enough. The bed and pillows were comfortable (maybe slightly better than other hotels) and overall it had a nice atmosphere. We upgraded to the two bathroom suite, which was nice when it came time to get ready in the morning.The location is ideal if you plan on spending time at the various museums on the southern end of the city. If, however, you plan on shopping or spending time north of the river, you should probably stay farther up on Michigan. You can always take a cab, or the Hotel shuttle, but neither are as convenient as being a short walk from all the activities.The only real negative to the hotel was the elevators. With the hotel being quite large, it was no surprise to find the elevators somewhat sluggish at peak times. Although for most people it really doesn't matter, I did notice that the tv was rather small for the size of the room.Overall, it was a good stay. I wouldn't mind staying there again, but would probably select another 4-star hotel a little closer to the action.	
Aug 15 2005 	Lovely Historic Hotel - Service Not So Great	The Chicago Hilton and Towers is a lovely historic hotel - beautiful ballrooms, wood paneling and marble in the foyer. Historic also means some problems with AC, noise and elevator speed. I was there for a week for a large conference. The hotel does seem a little &quot;dark&quot; (as mentioned in previous reviews) but I think this is due to the style - very heavy wood paneling. The first room I was in was small, but sufficient for one person. The king bed was VERY comfortable and I had a lovely view to the lake. However, during the weekend live music was playing until late into the night - all of which could be heard in my room while I was trying to go to sleep. Unfortunately, the bathtub didn't drain very well (several other people also mentioned this while I was there). Furthermore, halfway through my stay, my neighbors decided to turn up their TV to full volume. I could hear it loud and clear over my television. I called security and they came up. Of course, nobody answered the door so security called downstairs and advised about the situation (they even mentioned that the noise level was obscenely high - you could hear it all the way down the hall). The noise continued despite repeated phone calls by security. I finally asked to be moved to another room only to be initially told that no other rooms were available. I was put on hold and magically one opened up. I was moved downstairs to another room with a king bed. This room was much larger, with two large windows overlooking the lake. Overall, I was pleased with the rooms (especially since the tub in the second room drained normally). However, the service left something to be desired. The second day I was there nobody showed up to clean the room. I finally called at 4 pm and was told that someone should have already been there. They came up after I called. The next day the same thing happened. I think the housekeeping service thought I was calling for additional services but in reality I was calling because I never had service to begin with. The third day they still hadn't cleaned. By the time someone came up after I called, I told them to forget it because I was in for the night. A stop at the front desk fixed the problem for the remainder of the week. The AC was frightfully inadequate in the meeting rooms and foyer of the hotel. It was very hot and humid in Chicago and many of us sweated inside the hotel. When asked about the temperature in the meeting rooms, we were always told it was a &quot;union problem.&quot; We were lucky if things got fixed within a few hours. The food at the meal functions was mediocre at best, despite the fact that the meals were supposed to be high end. We waited 30 minutes between finishing our salads and being served the main course. Some of the serving plates and cups were filthy - see photo of &quot;clean coffee cup.&quot; Waitstaff was brusque (union employees). Could not use the fitness center without paying $11 per day (despite the fact that I'm an HHonors member - at Hyatt you get in free as a frequent guest). Overall, the hotel certainly did not live up to my expectations.	
Aug 12 2005	Great stay for the price	Came to Chicago on August 8th for my daughters 11th birthday. I was taking her, my stepson and stepdaughter to the Cubs game. We had a no frills room booked at the Howard Johnson for $110. This was the best rate I could find and since it was for one day and we were going to the game, who needed frills and a swimming pool. Also, the HOJO had free parking. While checking Hotwire one day they had a 4 star in Chicago with a pool for $95. So, I booked the room and it was the Hilton Towers. We decided not to drive into the city so we drove to Michigan City and took the South Shore line train into the city. I went to tripadvisor and read the reviews of this hotel and was a little worried about the other person who booked through hotwire. No problems here. We walked in and were wowed by the lobby. What a beautiful hotel. We got to our room and we had two double beds. Plenty of room for all of us. The room was well lit, clean, bright and airy. There were only two towles in the room. One call to housekeeping and just minutes later we were given extra towles. Kids swam in the pool and had a blast. The concierge gave me an excellent tip on where to take the kids for a fun dinner (ESPN Zone) and he was right on the money. The next morning we had breakfast at the Pavillion and the food was great, a little pricey but what do you expect. The only bad part about the trip was my Cubs got hammered 9-4. But it was a birthday my daughter will never forget.	
Aug 10 2005	Great Location!	Stayed at the Hilton Towers 8/5-8/8. This hotel is in a great location, right across from the parks. If you enjoy an evening stroll, this is the place for you!Our room was comfortable, quiet, and clean. Housekeeping had our rooms cleaned by 11 am each day. The hotel was full to capacity. The lobby areas were busy and noisy. However, the rooms were very quiet, and I tend to be sensitive to noise.Public transportation is no problem, several el stations are within walking distance. We walked to the Ogivie Center to take the metra to Glen Ellyn, where our daughter/son-in-law live. The walk was an easy 30 minute walk.We obtained a good rate on the Hilton Website ($152/night).We will definitely stay here again!	
Aug 9 2005 	So depressing	I've stayed here several times for business. If I could chose a different hotel, I certainly would. The interior of the hotel is dark and depressing, the rooms are small, you have to pay an additional fee to use the fitness facilities, the restaurant (The Pavillion) is TERRIBLE - avoid it at all costs and the bar (Kitty O'Sheas) is not much better. Overall, this is a lackluster, overpriced place to stay.	
Jul 31 2005 	Enjoyed our stay	We stayed at the Chicago Hilton for 3 nights in July on business. Our view of the lake was wonderful. The room was spacious and clean. The public areas were gorgeous. I forked over the $13 for the gym and it was worth it! I took the shuttle to shopping which was very convenient. Nice place!	
Jul 27 2005	Treated like a third class citizen!	BEWARE!I realize that reserving a room through Hotwire means that I may not receive a room on the 22nd floor with an amazing view of the lake; however, I fully expected to at least be given a room with a bed. Upon checking in at 3:30 in the afternoon, my fiance and I requested a non-smoking room. We were told that because we made our reservation through Hotwire, we were not guarenteed a specific kind of room. The receptionist went on to say that not only was the hotel overbooked, but the only room they were willing to offer us was the living room of a suite, equipped only with a pull-out sofa bed! She kept insisting that it was a lovely room with an amazing view, but I said I was more concerned about having a place to sleep than I was about looking at the lake (I'm from Milwaukee, I see the lake everyday). She left and spoke with a manager, but came back, unapologetic, with no alternative. Normallly I would have sat on the counter until the problem was fixed, but being newly pregnant, all I wanted to do was lay down. The view was great, but for $110 I could've slept on my own, much more comfortable, sofa. I travel quite a bit and have never been treated like this. I will not go back.	
Jul 26 2005	Beautiful Older Hotel	Stayed here for three nights over the 4th of July weekend. Chose this hotel because if it's location (across the street from Grant Park where the fireworks can be seen). Beautiful old hotel, well maintained. We had a king bed, very comfortable with quality linens and very comfortable mattress. We did learn that the standard rooms with two double beds are much larger than the standard rooms with a king bed (older adult family members stayed in one of the double bedded rooms). Nice bathroom, very clean. The public areas of this hotel are magnificient. The lobby is beautiful as are the ballrooms. We ate at the Irish pub in the hotel--good food and the most reasonably priced of all the restaurants in the hotel. If you're physically able to walk any distance, this hotel is conveniently located to the Shedd Aquarium, Field Museum, and Adler Planetarium. We didn't find very many restaurants close by other than in the hotel.	
Jul 21 2005 	Love the bed!	Best hotel bed I have ever slept on! Rooms were nice and clean. With 4 women sharing the room, we extremely appreciated the 2 bathrooms. We had a great view of the lake, very pretty in the morning. Plus it was a quick walk to the shore. Always had hot water for showers. Pool was nice with an outside deck for lounging. Oh, if you want to use the exercise facilities, plan on $13 a day for access.	
Jul 9 2005	Nice hotel but what's with the guests???	My husband and I stayed here for 5 days, returning July 9'th. I primarily chose this hotel for it's location (walking distance to museums, lakefront, etc.) and the spa. We greatly enjoyed both. We started every morning with a visit to the sauna, hot tubs, and pool, then showered and headed out to various attractions. This hotel is within walking distance of the Art Institute, the Shedd Aquarium, Field Museum, and Adler Planetatium. We also walked to the Chicago River for an architectural cruise, but that might be a bit far for some others.The only real problem we had with the hotel was our fellow &quot;guests.&quot; During our stay, several conventions landed there, including a group of Bible Bowlers (several hundred middle American families with preteen and teenaged children competing in a bible trivia contest), a horde of Pampered Chef ladies, and some others. Is it a Midwest tradition that because you have rented a number of rooms in a hotel, you have the right to take over common areas, such as the elevator lobbies on every floor, for group meetings? These group meetings consisted of 20-50 teens or Pampered Chefs sitting barefoot on the floor of the lobby area whooping and hollering, playing card games, and eating take-out pizza! It was most disconcerting, and I cannot imagine why the hotel management did not discreetly direct these folks to a private gathering area.Unfortunately, this kind of behavior damaged our experience of an otherwise lovely hotel. I hope the Hilton staff will find a way to deal with such lack of civility.	
Jul 8 2005	Fantastic hotel I cannot undestand the other negative reviews	I have just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel and I found it wonderful. It is a very majestic hotel and our room on the 13th floor was huge (it was a smoking room). It had 2 large beds, and 2 bathrooms, loads of white fluffy towels, massive TV, a coffee machine, mini bar etc etc. The only tiny complaints I had was that there was no coffee in the room on arrival and on my way out I asked the desk staff, who assured me it would be there on my return from a night out.....no it wasn't. Also the lifts were continually busy, but it was 4th July and the hotel looked to be exceptionally busy, but 30 minute waits at a time seemed extreme.Other than those 2 minor issues, we loved the hotel, loved the rooms, loved the beds and the bedding was divine, loved the location......if we return to Chicago (which I hope we do) then without a shadow of a doubt we would stay here again, but perhaps take a coffee bag with us in readiness!!!	
Jul 8 2005	A great hotel	It is absolutly a beutiful hotel. My family was in town just for pleasure, this was the first time we were in Chicago.The location is ideal just in front of the park, overlooking the lake. Only one block walking to the event of Taste of Chicago, two blocks to the lake. The lobby is classy. We arrived around 5:00 pm, check in was very quickly. I booked two rooms for two nights, I was able to get one room with double bed and two marble baths, one room with king bed with marble bath, they were in the same floor. Both with the view of Lake and park. I was very satisfied. The rooms were clean, well decorated. The beds were comfy. My daughter loved it, she said this was one of the best hotel we ever stayed.The breakfast buffey in the hotel is so so. The gentleman in the front desk that we asked for information of attractions in the town was not helpful, it made us almost waste a day. The self parking garage should have better way connect to the hotel.Overall, if I come back to chicago again I will stay in this hotel.	
Jul 4 2005	All I can say is amazing with Class...	After reading some of these reviews I was scared to check into the Hilton Chicago. I don't know why people make up stories this hotel is amazing and so classy. From the time we checked in till we departed the staff was always there for us and always treated us with so much respect. Our room was ready when we arrived at 8am which was a bonus because we didn't have to hang around and our room was so impressive for the money, we had 2 bathrooms, you never get that no where unless you have a suite. When I come back to Chicago no doubt it will be back to this hotel I won't even think twice. Trust me when you walk through those front doors and through that lobby your jaw will drop at how beautiful it is, its classic with trimmings that are out of this world. Very impressed with this hotel and would give it more than a 5 star.	
Jun 29 2005 	Placing non-smokers in smoking rooms	I stayed at the Hilton Chicago during the month of June, and was appalled by their lackadasical policy regarding room reservations. The room, which I had requested as a non-smoking room, wasn't even ready when I got there. Several hours later, I finally got one, but the hotel informed me they were &quot;out&quot; of non-smoking rooms, and would have to put me in a smoking room for the night. Then, they said they couldn't guarantee me a non-smoking room for the remaining three nights I'd be there. As an asthma sufferer, I was appalled.A friend who had stayed at the Hilton warned me that they'd treated her the same way, that she'd been given a smoking room when she'd requested a non-smoking room. We both had similar experiences: the rooms wreaked of smoke, and opening the windows didn't help. When I ran the shower, the smoke smell intensified. I spent the night with the covers over me, blocking out the smell, and suffering from a tight chest and a runny nose. They had promised to put an ionizer in the room, but that never happened.The only thing they did to accommodate me was reduce the rate of the room.In the morning, I got this non-apologetic message on my phone, telling me they'd be unable to change the room. Then they lied and said my reservation never specified a non-smoking room. Livid, I called the front desk, told them I had asthma, that I did in fact have a reservation for a non-smoking room, and that their policy of overbooking rooms was a disgrace. I guess my complaints had some effect, because a half hour later, I was transferred to a non-smoking room. Considering how expensive the Hilton Chicago is, I should not have had to work this hard to get a comfortable room.I later found out that they were giving other non-smokers smoking rooms, even the day before I arrived! I hope this review alerts hotels to the fact that they should honor reservations, and not overbook. Plus, they should think about converting more of their smoking rooms to non smoking rooms. Most people don't smoke, and these greedy policies will deter people from patronizing luxurious hotels like the Hilton.Incidentally, the Hilton in New Orleans did the same thing when I stayed there a few years ago. Based on my experiences, chains like the Hyatt and the Marriott do a much better job of accommodating their guests.	
Jun 21 2005	Nothing but Class	With all of the choices available to stay in Chicago - choosing a hotel is a task all in itself. BUT, because I have been a Hilton Honors member for a number of years, I will always start with the Hilton chain. I'm proud to say, I hit the jackpot on this one. Just walking into the hotel is an experience. You'll find yourself in The Great Hall. It's marble and stone, not glass and steel. It's as if you left the States and entered a grand European Hotel. I was there with my husband who was on business. We checked in on a Thursday evening and then were scheduled to move to The Drake Hotel (another Hilton property) on Friday. The Hilton Chicago was able to book us the following day and were able to keep us in the same room. Quite impressive when the American Medical Association was holding their conference in the hotel. They still found room for us. No need to move. I'm really not much for big cities and crowds so while my husband was away for the day on Friday, I stayed in the hotel. The room was so comfortable, I probably wouldn't have left, but the housekeeper talked me into enjoying myself outside of the room too. She was very sweet and most informative about the area. She was the one that told me the hotel offered a free shopping shuttle that ran all day long. Even though I didn't go, I thought that was a great feature since getting around that city is almost impossbile unless you're on foot. The pool area on the 8th floor was very nice, even though it was an indoor pool, there is a great sun deck just off the pool area. There is nothing in the hotel directory letting you know about this deck. I wish I would have known earlier in the day, because that is what I really wanted to do. The room was beautiful, but it was the bed that would make me come back for sure. It was absolutely the most comfortable hotel bed my husband and I have ever slept in. Another nice touch were the books and magazines that outlined everything to do (and eat) in the city. There was also a book written by Mr. Hilton himself that outlined the generations of his family and the history of the Hilton chain which I enjoyed very much. I would have liked to have bathrobes provided especially with that caliber of room. The view was, well - there wasn't one unless you like looking at the side of a brick building. They do have Lake Michigan views for a minimal $20 per night extra, however those rooms were booked. We had dinner at their signature restaurant Buckingham's. Wow! I ate a 20 oz TBone that was one of the best steaks of my life. I highly recommend it. This hotel was once known as the biggest hotel in the world. Some of the most famous and influential people in the world have stayed there. The hotel is located on Michigan Ave right across the street from a beautiful park. It is in the heart of the convention world but so close to all that most come to the windy city for. Please go and enjoy this hotel. You will remember it for some time to come, but beware, it will be hard to accept anything less in the future. A note: With regard to my husband and I being Hilton Honor members, I felt that we should have received a little more than 2 free bottles of water.	
Jun 7 2005 	Too expensive for such a mediocre hotel	I stayed at the Hilton from 6/3-6/5 for small conference. I thought the hallways were dingy and dark, the rooms standard, the bathroom small and not as clean as it could be, and the beds wonderful. I expected A LOT more for $200 a night (thank god I didn't pay for it). No mini-fridge or microwave in the room. The desk clerks were really nice, helping us out with finding nice restaurants in the area. Since I'm a smoker, I appreciated being able to smoke just about everywhere in the hotel (rooms, hallways, outside the elevators), so non-smokers, take note! Overall, it served its purpose but I probably wouldn't stay there again.	
May 28 2005 	Very average for the price	I stay in Chicago all the time on business and had my first stay at the Chicago Hilton. I pretty much only stay at Hilton properties and have stayed at tons from Hawaii all the way to Budapest. This Hilton is not up to par. It's clean and the front desk staff is nice, but in Chicago, The Drake, Doubletree Guest Suites, and even the Hilton Garden Inn are all superior to the Chicago Hilton (and less expensive).Compared to other Hilton properties in Chicago, the rooms were not as well appointed, the bathrooms in the rooms were smaller and not as nice, the TV was tiny, the hallways on the executive floor were very noisy all night long, and the breakfast you get was more like a Hampton Inn than a 4 star hotel.If you're going to Chicago and you like Hilton brand hotels, you can do far better than this place.	
May 26 2005	Outstanding hotel	We stayed at the hotel Friday night, May 20. We had read other reviews on this site that indicated some difficulties at this property, but our experience was exceptionally good. There were no delays in checking in, they even had lemonade available in case there had been a delay (there wasn't.) We arrived before noon but were soon accomodated in a beautiful, large room with two queen-sized beds and two bathrooms. We attended a meeting in the hotel, and everything was done in an outstanding fashion. Would stay there again in a heartbeat!	
May 15 2005	Average hotel	We stayed at the Hilton Chicago for 2 nights in April. Although the hotel itself was beautiful, the rooms were rather small. Literally, there was barely enough room to move around the bed. As others have stated, the bed was very comfortable though. The location was okay - quite a way down Michigan Avenue.	
May 14 2005	Got an Upgrade on Priceline Beautiful Hotel	We loved this hotel. The beds were super comfy. There were beautiful linens (lots of feather pillows, a down comforter, super soft sheets), great service, clean, lots of nice restaurants, good location. We stayed here for $100 after receiving a free upgrade on priceline. We received a room with two double beds and two bathrooms which was wonderfully convenient. The staff were also wonderful, very friendly and helpful.	
May 13 2005	Beautiful Hotel Gracious Staff	I recently visited Chicago with 5 of my girlfriends to celebrate my 50th birthday. The staff was very accomodating and helpful. The hotel itself was absolutely beautiful and I could see why several movies had been filmed at this location. I told my son that he could just go ahead and plan to have his wedding reception held at the Chicago Hilton. The location was great and everything was easily accessible with either a shuttle, rail or taxi. The luggage room was very nice for people that weren't catching a flight out until later in the day. The entire staff took very good care of us from guest services, laundery, to housekeeping, bell captain and concierge. I would not hesitate to recommend or stay here again. Having Buddy Guy's Legend directly behind the hotel was great too!	
May 5 2005	Elegant hotel good location average service	Just spent 3 days at this Hilton. It has a lot of wonderful things going for it. The location is very good - on Michigan Ave, across from the largest park in Chicago and very close to the lake and to a number of bars and restaurants.The rooms were well appointed, though a little tight. Linens, furniture and other appointments were rather nice. The beds were extremely comfortable.The best part of the hotel relates to its history. When it was built (I think in the 20's or 30's), it was the largest hotel in the area. Be sure to look up when you first enter, as the high ceiling features an enormous, elegant mural, detailed accents and beautiful lighting. I nearly missed it the first two days, never having looked up!!So why only 4 stars? A couple of reasons. First, though elegant, rooms were somewhat tight. This was expected, but still I think of this as a negative. Primarily, though, the service was lackluster. I asked for a king room with a rollaway (there were 3 of us), booked the hotel months ago, and was told no such rooms were available. We had to check our bags and come back a few hours later, and then the only king room was extremely small, so we settled for a room with two doubles - not a great option for two tall people and their daughter. What bothered me was the very clear secondary way we were treated. The hotel had conventions, and we, being of a smaller party, were clearly not that important. One shining light - the bellman was extremely helpful, and brought us complimentary wine and cookies. He seemed genuinely concerned and helpful. Also, a goofy practice - the bell desk will not check computers. They were going to let us walk around town for hours with our computers, until they relented after our plea. Housekeepers were very friendly and courteous.A sidebar - I will never understand the unwillingness of a hotel to take the extra effort to confirm the room type requested at reservation. I understand that they cannot guarantee such things, as many things could interfere - accidents, repairs, guests overstaying their reservation. What they should and CAN do, though, is slot you for such rooms, if available when reserved, with some caveat (&quot;...unless certain things interfere, like X, Y or Z&quot;). I used to market reservation systems, so I know they can do this. They choose not to, which is disappointing.OK, a little off topic, sorry!The breakfast restaurant was good - a wide assortment on the breakfast buffet, omelette station, and menu items, with good service. It's a little pricey, but not above &quot;Chicago prices.&quot; The Irish bar, whose name I forget, was fun, though they always seemed understaffed, so service was slow. Plus, they close at 1a, in a town with a 4am curfew - what's up with that?While in Chicago, we dined at Spiaggias. Outstanding food, though the portions made French restaurants look generous by comparison. Also, try the South Loop Club, not too far, a good &quot;regular&quot; bar with fun people working it. We also went to the White Sox at their &quot;new&quot; ballpark - great time, easy to get to via subway.I do recommend this hotel, particularly with discount rates (we paid $80/night). Expect a quality stay, but with a few things such as service lagging a true luxury hotel.	
Apr 27 2005 	Very Plesant	Had a 2 night lay over in Chicago whilst on business, stayed in the Hilton and Towers, as a HHonours Gold card member you get free upgrades to Executive floor and the rooms were very nice, not huge but enough... The beds were very comfortable indeed.The area around hotel was a bit rough, i would rather stay up near the Sofitel, but if you like Blues, the Buddy Guys Legends right across the street was fantastic, good music, good food etc etc.This hotel was AOK with me.	
Apr 23 2005	Short but well up to standard	We had a stop over in |Chicago on the way to Vancouver, so our time was short. The room was of a good size and the king bed was just right. I thought the hotel was in a good position and we enjoyed the lakeside views on a lovely crisp sunny winter's day. I was disappointed that there were no stores open but we liked Chicago and this hotel. Both have history and a sense of style. The staff were welcoming and pleasant. We could not criticise them.I have read other comments on this Hilton and can only say if you ever travel to the UK you won't know what has hit you. The Hilton staff did everything I expected of them and we enjoyed being first served at breakfast next morning before leaving for our flight.A good stay and we would like to have had longer.	
Apr 14 2005 	Nice..but staff is disinterested	I stayed at the Hilton while in town on business for two nights. The staff at this hotel could greatly benefit from customer service training. Front desk personnel appear disinterested, and troubled by having to check you in. I travel frequently on business, and this is the first time upon checking in at a Hilton (gold club member) that I had to ask if a tower room was available. A shake of front desk clerks head &quot;no&quot; was the response I received, although a colleague of mine checked in after me and was given the upgrade.Room airconditioning didn't work properly...won't stay here again when in Chicago.	
Apr 13 2005	Great Hotel great price	Got a good rate through priceline and for $25.00 more got a lakefront room with a beautiful view. Fast check in and great service during stay. Buffet breakfast was plentiful and decent price. Room was nice and bed very comfortable. Only complaint, smoking allowed in lobby on each floor by the elevators.	
Apr 6 2005	Great hotel/great stay but...	Beautiful surroundings. Very ornate with breathtaking staircase, marble countertops, chandeliers and gold fixtures. Great stay. However, we were quoted two prices over the phone upon scheduling our reservation: $159.00/night for a room with 2 double beds without a view of the lake,and $169.00 for a lake view room. Upon arriving we were told the room charge was $169.00 without a lake view and this was not negotiable. Also, charged for internet access which we did not use-this was removed from our bill per our request. The pool was lovely, but a bit chilly and 1 of the 2 hot tubs was out of order. The staff was friendly and helpful. Luggage storage for a minimal fee was a nice feature. Overall, great stay.	
Mar 28 2005	Overall a good stay	Got a great rate for one night on a weekend. The hotel is huge and very crowded--lots of families and large groups. Still, if you ask for a quiet room the hotel is large enough that it's easy to get away from the hubbub. Be aware that when you book those great rates, however, they usually don't offer a view of Grant Park and the lake. According to the lady at the front desk this is $25 extra.Sure, the hotel is a tad worn here and there, but the &quot;bad&quot; elements of the hotel's age (carpet a bit faded in the hallways, electrical outlets and light switches yellowed) are far outweighed by the good, which gives the hotel its grandeur and elegance. The lobby area is classy yet not too stuffy, mostly because the throngs of people that inhabit it are obviously tourists. I didn't visit any of the hotel's restaurants or bar although I thought they looked equally elegant--like something from a movie (and probably very pricey).As for the room, the bed definitely was a highlight: quality comforter and linens, plush pillow top mattress and pillows. I slept great, and the room they gave me was very quiet. I had just a regular-sized room with a king bed and I thought it was plenty roomy in line with what I paid. Didn't have any of the climate-control problems referenced here in other posts. Large TV, big bathroom with lots of marble, and the water pressure in the shower was one of the best I've ever had at a hotel.My main beef with the hotel aside from the rather crowded and chaotic public areas had to do with the business center. Sorry, Hilton, but it's time to bring this element of your hotel into the 21st Century. Guests want 24-hour access to the internet and it should be free as is done at the Hilton Garden Inn across the river. I like to print out my airline boarding passes at the hotel before I ever get to the airport, but this was not possible at this hotel. For one thing, the business center has very limited hours--I had to leave for the airport in the morning before the place even opened. Second of all, the Hilton charges $6 per every 15 minutes of internet use. Not an incentive for me to make a return visit when other hotels charge nothing. Finally, the computer stations themselves did not appear to be in very good condition--all but one of the computers and printers didn't even look operational to me. More attention definitely needs to be given in this area.But all in all, I enjoyed staying in a hotel with &quot;history&quot; and character that for the most part has been kept up pretty well. I would consider a return visit if it was a &quot;down&quot; time for the hotel (meaning not too crowded) and if the business center and its policies were updated.	
Mar 21 2005	The Best Hotel Bed EVER! Otherwise not so thrilled	We stayed the weekend at the Hilton for the Bears Convention. We booked for two adults and one child. Upon making my reservation, I was asked if I wanted to upgrade to a executive level room, for a fair price. I agreed. Upon getting to the room, it contained one kind size bed. There was no place for my child to sleep. No other rooms were available, so we had to bring in a roll away bed, which took up whatever remaining floor space was in this already too small room. There was a large chair which protruded from the desk, and would not fit under it, that took up the remaining floor space. I walked into that thing at least a dozen times. The room was HOT. We turned off the heat, opened the windows for the whole stay, and we were still uncomfortable. There were numerous dirty dishes sitting outside of rooms, many remained late into the next morning, when we saw them there the night before. There was continental breakfast (6-9) and evening hor devors (5-7) for executive level rooms. I am someone who prefers bottled water to a morning coffee and was pleased to find they offered it, the first day only. After that, they said they ran out, and it was never offered for the rest of the weekend. Food options are limited and/or expensive in the restaurants. Really nothing for children, at all. Altho, they will make you a 6.00 grilled cheese for the asking. I had Sheppards Pie at Kitty O'Sheas on evening. It was WONDERFUL! The best thing about this hotel was the BED~ Best Hotel Bed Ever! So comfortable. Slept like a baby~ and I normally do not sleep well in a hotel. I wanted to bring that bed home with me- along with the pillows and blankets. Truly the very best sleep you can have in a hotel. I'm not sure if the level of service was down, because it was just a &quot;Bears Convention&quot; or what. But, I was disappointed in the service, being this is a Hilton Hotel.	
Feb 27 2005	Underwhelming and disappointing...	We stay in downtown Chicago quite often and decided to try this hotel. Of course - a beautiful lobby. But beyond that, we encountered disappointment after disappointment. Tried to check-in early and was told that the only available rooms for immediate check-in were smoking. We decided to wait b/c a non-smoking room was important to us. Clerk took down my cell number and told me she'd call as soon as our room became available. Never called. Checked back in the late afternoon, and though the clerk did not mention this, he sent us to a smoking room. This was not just slightly smokey - it smelled like someone had just spent the past two hours smoking as many cigarettes as possible with the windows shut. I asked to be transferred and they front desk clerk told me there was nothing he could do except send housekeeping to ionize (and was not pleasant about it). Finally, after talking to housekeeping and essentially begging for another room, she switched us. Rooms were small and sub-par for a &quot;4 star&quot; hotel. Carpet was old and shabby, room temperature was either really hot or really cold. Service at hotel bar in lobby was awful. THey made my husband the wrong drink and instead of re-making it - just poured additional ingredients on top of the martini. So it tasted like a salty-citrus martini - very gross. They did not offer to comp the drink. They charge for EVERY little extra you can think of. If you need to check your bags - you have to pay for each bag - most nice hotels will store your bags at no additional cost. Essentially - not worth the cost - the experience was closer to that of a 2-star. Very uncharacteristic of a Hilton....	
Feb 21 2005	Perfect stay	Staying at this hotel was one of the high points of a last minute, budget Valentines weekend trip for my husband and me. We got a great rate -- $70 -- on Priceline. Close to the subway (red line) and we got from O'Hare to the hotel in less than an hour for $3.50 for both of us. We were able to check in more than 4 hours early. Room was great -- very clean, good closet space and fantastic bedding. Had one expensive drink at the Irish bar, but the bartender's advice on restaurants and clubs to check out made it worth the price. Concierge was helpful, too. Overall, service was terrific, room was great and staying there was a treat. I would stay there again any time, especially at that price.	
Jan 19 2005	Fine historic hotel in the Loop	Stayed one Sunday evening with a $69 rate through Priceline. The rooms were recently remodeled and have down comforter, tons of pillows, and two bathrooms. The standard is not overly huge, but certainly comfortbale enough for two adults. Pool is on the 8th floor where we stayed. There was a lot of traffic through the hallways. Request different floor if you're looking for quiet. (Of course, we happened to be there on high school dance competition weekend) The hotel has a lot of history, and the artwork, decor make for a very grand surrounding. Judging by photos on walls, many presidents have stayed here. To address previous reviewers complaints: There is a wet bar in the room, keys are offered upon check in. It does not matter how you book the room. Wet bar rates are always outrageous. If you want a room with view, just ask. You may be turned down, but we must have hit a friendly check in person and were accomodated. Yes, there is $32 parking, but welcome to Chicago. We parked the car and took taxis everywhere at average cost of $6/per ride. (Highly recommed taking cab to Rosebud Steakhouse if looking for mouthwatering fine dining) Breakfast at the The Pavilion was pretty subpar and cost $30 for two people. The buffet was not set up, but is normally $17. Can't recommed eating here. Experience overall was very good for large hotel.	
Jan 8 2005	Very good Hotel	We stayed at the Hilton Towers for 5 days and found it to be one of the most comfortable hotels we have stayed at in America. The room was large with a view over the park, it was very clean and the service very good, only downside was the fact that it was a slight distance walking back from the shops with all our bargains!! Well done Hilton Towers.	
Jan 7 2005	Absolutely wonderful!	My husband and I stayed at the Chicago Hilton and Towers this past New Years Eve and had a wonderful experience. It was packed at check in, but guests were served lemonade while they waited. A staff member made an announcement that there were additional check-in counters if you didn't mind the walk to the luggage check-in counter at the other end of the hotel. I didn't so I walked over.Upon getting to the counter (about a ten minute wait) I realized I didn't have my credit card, I had left it at home in a larger purse. Since I was checking in alone and would be met by my husband and friends later, I panicked especially after hearing a woman being told she HAD to have a credit card or wait in the longer line at the real check in counter to leave the mandatory deposit because it was New Years Eve. I was told not to worry about it, and was given my key immediately. I was given a lakeview (to view the fireworks) room on the highest possible floor (that was not a suite.)  My room was located very close to the elevator, the beds were extremely comfortable, everyone received a late checkout time of 1pm, and the two bathrooms were wonderful. Although I was given a room with two double beds, my husband and I took advantage and slept alone for the first time in years. My friends had a larger tv, but who cared...it was New Years. It was a wonderful experience, especially on what was probably the busiest night of the year.	
Jan 7 2005	expecting more	Stayed Thrusday-Sunday of New Year's. Hotel looks beautiful (marble lobby) room looks nice but was too hot. Air conditioner was ancient, had to keep windows open. Got a good deal with online rates, but still for the price I thought I would get continental breakfast, morning paper, refrigerator in room, alas none of that. Parking was expensive at $32, but great location especially for walkers like myself. Millenium park is right across the street. Sure there were homeless people in the area, and if you can afford to stay at this hotel, you can afford to give them a buck and not be afraid like some of the other reviewers.	
Dec 25 2004	Never Again	Stayed during very warm fall weather in 2003. During the night the air conditioning quit working. I called the desk and 1/2 hour later maintenance came up and fiddled with the equipment. He said he found the problem but it would take awhile to cool down. It never did. It was a miserable night; my wife and I could barely sleep due to the heat. I complained and we were switched to another room the next night.Once again around 1am the room heated up unbearably. I didn’t bother to call maintenance as it became apparent to me that the problem was not in just one room. If not for the cross ventilation of the two windows in our new room we would have had another miserable sleepless night. Other than the air conditioning problem, it was just a run of the mill overpriced hotel with a pretty lobby.	
Dec 14 2004	Great Stay!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a large corporate party. The room appeared to have recently been renovated (had that &quot;new house&quot; smell), and was very nice and exceptionally clean. We had requested a king size bed and were disappointed when there were none available at check-in, but the desk clerk was very nice and did give us a room with a lake view. We loved having two bathrooms to get ready for the party! The party itself was also very nice with great food, and I would recommend this hotel for anyone planning a special event as well. All in all, a great stay!	
Dec 14 2004	Nice Place A Bit Off The Beaten Path	My wife and I ended up in this hotel after grabbing a deal on Hotwire. We paid just over $100/night including tax. For that money, we certainly couldn't complain. The room was small by American standards, but we weren't planning on spending our three days in Chicago in the hotel room. The king bed was very comfortable, the bathroom large enough with decent counter space, the closet roomy, the pillows were luxurious, the entire room was very clean and the climate control system was prehistoric (but warm, as we were there in December). The line for check-in was long, but moved quickly. On the downside, it's a little bit of a walk (a couple short blocks) through a slightly seedy area to the L. Walking to anything significant is a longer trek, except that the walk along Michigan Aveue is nice. Our sixth floor room was quiet, even though it faced Michigan Avenue. We had a view of Lake Michigan, Soldier Field and the park. All in all, very nice and certainly a good value.	
Dec 10 2004	Hilton Chicago	The Hilton Chicago Hotel, located on South Michigan Hotel, is a lovely old historical hotel graced by former US Presidents and Queen Elizabeth. The entrance lobby from South Michigan Avenue is ornate in neo-classical style. I had a room on the 20th floor (executive floor) and it was clean, comfortable and with all the facilities of a deluxe hotel. At the time of my stay, the executive lounge on the 24th floor was closed for renovation. The hotel is a short 10 minute walk to the Harrison Red Line station and just opposite Grant Park. I would certainly recommend the Chicago Hilton to any visitor to Chicago.	
Dec 6 2004 	My favorite place in the Windy City	The Chicago Hilton on Michigan Avenue is the BEST hotel I've stayedat in the US. What a great experience! I have stayed there twice and will certainly stay there every time I'm in Chicago. My husband and I were there last week and they gave us an upgrade to a gorgeous room with a view. The bed was incredibly comfortable and the staff helped us out with a luggage delivery problem that took a lot of their time, but theywere friendly and gracious throughout. Kudos to the Hilton!	
Oct 27 2004	The location to be during the Chicago Marathon	We stayed here 3 years ago and then again in 2004 for the Chicago Marathon. Yes, check-in is chaotic, but this is a prime weekend in Chicago so you'll find any hotel booked to capacity and chaotic. The best part is being able to roll right out to Grant Park. This location is great any other time of the year for those who are hitting the Musuem Campus. Next time we go back, we are going to Room 12 four blocks south for their fabulous breakfasts! The location is also convenient to a 24 hour Jewel/Osco (grocery store) and the red line L. Years ago, when we lived in Chicago, the further south you go, the less amenities, so it is great to see the revitalization in this neighborhood.	
Oct 25 2004	A very tired hotel	Went in June 2004 - for the Supercomm Show.The Lobby is great, the check in staff in chaos as I had pre paid my room in the UK. After much confusion I was shown to my room - but only after I paid for it again (ok they refunded it Monday but even so) and the room was ok - brilliant 30 years ago, but now it is very tired, paint peeling etc.Overall it was lower than OK, I would never stop there again as it was away from the action and a bit tired and worn. Had I paid half the price then the review would be different	
Oct 20 2004	Wonderful Experience!	My husband and I recently stayed at the Chicago Hilton and Towers for 4 nights.We booked the hotel through a travel agent at 119.00 + 14.9% tax. The hotel is beautiful and is convenient to all of the downtown attractions. It includes a complimentary breakfast, an athletic club(track, gym, swimming pool and sauna etc.) The room was clean but small...and the staff was very helpful. I really enjoyed my stay and would love to stay there again.	
Sep 23 2004	Beautiful	Recently stayed here in September for 4 days. We stayed on the 11th floor, which had just opened the week prior following renovations. We had 2 double beds PLUS 2 bathrooms! Location was great. Unfortunately front desk staff were unsure of quite a lot of things and couldn't really help us with our queries (ie internet access in our rooms).This wasn't our choice of hotel for Chicago, but I'm glad the travel agent did put us in here :).If this hotel is in your budget, I recommend staying here.	
Sep 13 2004	Fantastic Hotel - a must stay !	I stayed at this hotel with 11 of my friends over St Patricks day in March 2004. Everyone agreed that it was a fabulous place to stay. A lovely decorated lobby with lovely bedrooms, including a coffee machine and iron.A gym, sauna, sunbed, great pool and 2 spa's are all great too.Breakfast, although quite expensive, was very nice.St Patricks day was a very fun day in the hotel bar, with very friendly staff.All in all a 'must stay' hotel !	
Sep 8 2004	Nice place sketchy walk to el nice pool	Stayed at this hotel the first week of September 2004 after finding a great deal on Hotwire. The room was small, but most are in this downtown. We were given a corner room on the 20th floor with window views &quot;as a surprise&quot; from the nice lady at the front desk. We had views down to navy pier and over the lake. The staff was very warm and solicitous, smiling and asking what we needed. The area is a little sketchy in terms of the walk to the el station, and at night I would definitely use a cab. One member of our party was pickpocketed in broad daylight at the el station on the way back to the airport. As far as facilities, the Irish pub is fun and had Irish live music. The pool is clean, and the two hot tubs have extra strength jets. But if you choose to work out, even as a guest, there is a fee. Overall, a very nice hotel and I would say terrific for the cost.	
Sep 7 2004	Sleeping Babies left on the Curb at 11:30 P.M.	We arrived at 4:30 P.M. with two prepaid rooms. The hotel was overbooked but they said they would find two rooms for our family of 7. After 1/2 hour, the Hotel located rooms and said the rooms would take an hour to clean. We asked for a guarantee that the rooms would be ready if we went to dinner and they thanked us for our patience. At 8:30 P.M., the Hotel reported that the rooms were still not clean. After we waited @5 hours for the prepaid rooms, the rooms were still not ready. Our small children were ready for bed with no place to sleep. After another 1/2 hour, the Hotel gave up on the two rooms and we were given a suite with two bedrooms and a spacious entertaining area (we thought a good ending to a challenging day). @11:00 P.M. there was a knock at the door and we were asked to leave - the room had been promised to a bridal party. The Hotel Management promised they would do whatever we wanted if we would leave the room. In deference to the Bride's once in a lifetime event, we thought (incorrectly) that the hotel had alternative accommodations for us. Unfortunately, we ended up on the curb with our bags and pajama clad children at 11:30 P.M. Our children finally went to sleep on the hard wooden floor of a friend's apartment at 2:30 A.M.The Hotel made a terrible mistake in judgment when they put small children in their pajamas out on the street. The Hotel's actions were inexcusable and changes need to be made to the Hotel's policy. If Hotel Management does respond to this post, I pray that it is an apology. Thank you for reading this - the written story does not capture the awfulness of the situation.	
Sep 1 2004	Luxery plus location and good price	The price was right and the location was perfect for easy access to the museums and parks. The hotel lobby was luxurious, the Buckingham Restaurant was pricey, but very good, and the hotel was extremely accommodating. Even though check-in was not till 3 p.m., our room was available at 9:30 a.m. and they let us have it. When we checked out, we still had an afternoon of sightseeing planned and the hotel offered a great luggage storage service for only $1/bag! We were able to check our luggage after we check-out of our room and continue our day without having to lug bags around. During the summer months there is a free San Francisco trolley-type bus right across the street from the hotel that travels to the museums, shopping and Union Station. The only small issue, which we did not inform the hotel of, was that it was obvious that the previous tennants had smoked in our non-smoking room. Otherwise, the hotel was perfect!	
Aug 23 2004	Great Hotel	I stayed at this hotel from Aug 20-22. I thought it was great. Everyone at the hotel was very helpful. The beds were very comfortable. The view from our room wasnt anything special, but then again I didn't go to Chicago to look out the window of my hotel room. The complimentary shuttle to North Michigan was very nice to have. If you don't mind walking a bit its a good idea to get dropped off on the way north end and just shop your way back to the hotel. Another note..the blue line train station is within walking distance which can save you time and money when coming from the airport. For 2 people to take a shuttle from the airport it was $35 and it took about an hour and a half. When we used the train to get back to the airport (45-50 mins) it was $2 a person! Overall it was a great hotel and I would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 19 2004	Great Experience	I stayed at the Hilton because it was downtown and I got a room with 1 king bed for $99 + 14.9% tax per night. I had dinner at the Pavillion inside the hotel and the service was superb. My shower looked dirty so I took my showers in the Athletic Club.	
Aug 14 2004	Way too much money for this place	We decided to stay here as a treat because of some of the reviews. Boy, was this place bad. When you walk in it has a gorgeous lobby. But that's where it ends. The service was so bad. They didn't even help us with our bags when we got there. The rooms were decent sized but so run down. I can see that the hotel was nice at one time or another, but not now. Save your money and find a place for half the price down the street. The location is great but there are several other hotels nearby that offer all the same amenities and convenience for a lot less.	
Aug 10 2004	overpriced with bugs and rude staff - never again!	We decided to &quot;splurge&quot; on the Chicago Hilton &amp; Towers it was the most money I've ever spent on a hotel and the WORST hotel experience I've ever had. When we arrived they had to search for a room for us (we had asked for two queens to accommodate the three members of our family), we stood there for 20 minutes while the woman tried to find us a room - I was really afraid we were going to end up on the street! I believe we had such trouble because we booked through a travel agency – I’ve heard this happens when you book through an agency (by the way, I had to print my confirmation off in the hotel’s business office – cost me $5!). We ended up with a King + roll-away and a nice view (at no extra charge). Good start, until we got to the room which was infested with bugs! For our trouble we were moved to a smaller room with a view of the ghetto. The guy who brought us the key to our new room was very rude and barely acknowledged us. We asked him about the roll away and he ignored us – we had to call twice before they finally brought it to our room. It was midnight before we were squared away. No one on staff bothered to check out the bugs or offer anything other than a half-hearted apology. Parking was $30/day and the attendant was very rude. There are no decent places to eat within reasonable walking distance. And the level of panhandlers seems to be higher than in other areas of Chicago. Typically I’m not one to complain – all I need is a place to lay my head at night – but I’d rather not do it on an expensive bug infested pillow. I can’t stress enough not to stay at this dump!	
Aug 6 2004	Chicago Hilton Towers- Beyond Expectations	I had to travel to Chicago on business and decided to stay at the Chicago Hilton Towers because it was close to my meeting site the next day. My husband accompanied me as well, so he could sight-see while I was attending to business. Our room (Tower Floor) was not ready for check in when we arrived at 3:00 PM. The Exec Floor Concierge, Adriana, asked us to enjoy a soda or cup of coffee in the lounge while we waited for our room to be prepared. Adriana let us know when the room was ready, and because of our inconvenience (it was only about 40 minutes) we were upgraded to a King Room with a Suite/Parlor. What a TREAT after a hectic drive into the city. The staff at the hotel was wonderful. The room(s) were immaculate. It was the highlight to my recent business travels. Thank you Hilton Towers for going above and beyond this road warriors expectations. 5 stars for Adriana and the Hilton Staff.	
Jul 20 2004	Customer no more!	We purchased two rooms at the Hilton, as we were planning on attending the Taste of Chicago with some friends. We had a late start leaving Milwaukee, and did not arrive at the hotel until around 10:30pm. According to the information that we were given from Priceline, we were guaranteed a late check-in. When we arrived, there was some big event being held at the hotel and it took quite a bit of time for us to get to the check-in counter. Once we were finally helped (about a half hour later), we were told that there were no rooms available, even though we had reservations and had paid in advance. We asked for a manager, and he told us that Priceline customers are not priority and had we arrived sooner we may have gotten a room. I've used Priceline many times before at various hotels and not once have I ever been told that I wasn't a priority because I received a discount! We were absolutely floored. The manager later retracted his statement and said that there were rooms available, but we would have to wait about an hour for them to be cleaned. That would have been around midnight. My fiance went back and forth with him about how much of an inconvenience this was, and he eventually sent us to the Embassy Suites downtown instead. He also assured us that we would be receiving a letter in the mail to come back to stay with them for free, which we have gotten, but I'm not so sure that I'd be willing to go back there, even if it is for free. At least some of you got to actually see the rooms....we never even got that far.	
Jul 6 2004	Hit or miss.	Sometimes this hotel is fabulous - quick, friendly service, great room, speedy room service.And sometimes...well, it just isn't. We live in the 'burbs but often have weekend functions downtown so I've stayed here a lot. First of all, forget about getting a decent, reasonably priced breakfast here. The breakfast options are limited and generally of low quality. Many of the rooms are very nice...but I've also been in ones that are terrible - in need of updating, repairs, and located in very noisy areas of the hotel. I once asked to be changed from a room which was located at the entrance to the pool (across from maid service &amp; vending to make it even better!) - and it took 90 minutes, about 6 phone calls, and lots of irritation before they moved me to a room which had seen better days. Avoid it on holiday weekends where the staff is stretched way too thin - one time we went down to the vallet after trying to call ahead for our car and receiving a busy signal for about 30 minutes only to find they had taken the phone off the hook because too many people were calling. Then, had to wait another 30 minutes for our vehicle. I think there are a lot of hotels in the price range, and cheaper which offer a more consistent experience.	
Jun 12 2004	Stay here if you can	This is the place in Chicago to experience at least once.....it is a grand hotel. From the beautifully decorated lobby to the wonderful rooms (most with two bathrooms!), you will know why folks want to stay here. Good food, (especially the breakfasts) good room service, good beds, just an all around nice place. I love the Hilton/Chicago!	
Jun 10 2004	What a great stay	The Chicago Hilton and Towers is always a great place to stay. Great service, accessiblity and super amenities. My favorite room is the two bathroom double in the Executive Towers. Always a great view of Grant Park and the Lake, it truly is a Chicago Landmark. Super shuttle to all shopping up the Avenue, great room service. Worth the stay.	
May 31 2004	Not for the budget conscious	We booked this hotel through Priceline.com, I was totally excited when I got this hotel for only $75. per night. Well, the staff is friendly and helpful...Donald at the concierge desk helped us to find some great places to visit. The night before our arrival, we stayed at the Hampton Inn in Calumet, there we had a fridge and a microwave, and an indoor pool, and the most wonderful FREE breakfast for my whole family. At the Hilton and Towers, you get NOTHING but your room, when we checked in, we were told we didn't have a room with a view, but for $25. more per night, we could have one! They weren't kidding either, our room was in one of the alcoves, we had a view of the brick hotel, it was as if we were viewing our room though a mirror! NO VIEW at all! This was disappointing, the room was tiny, barely enough room to walk around the beds. Because we purchased our room on Priceline, and not with our credit card, we had no mini bar privledges, which was a tiny little tv stand that was locked and had a 12x12 inch fridge, that was LOCKED! You couldn't use it. We were here for 5 nights and no where to put any food or soda pop to keep it cool!!!! They have pop machines in the hall, but a soda will cost you $2.00. The snacks in the mini bar were utterly outrageously priced, eg; a standard size bag of M &amp; M's was $3.00!!! Room service is offered, a club sandwich is $11.25, plus a 15% gratuity charge, plus a $3.75 delivery charge, plus a standard 9.75% tax!!! It cost us $35. for valet parking per night. This was not a hotel for families, we could have easily spent $100. just for lunch. The hotel itself IS beautiful inside and out, the pool is awesome. I won't stay at this hotel again with my family, I would stay again if it were just my husband and myself. 	
May 11 2004	a super place	Stayed here in March for a wedding reception. Check in desk very accomodating and quick. only 1 of 3 rooms was ready, and the one room was still occupied. However, the staff very quickly reassigned us to another room, and gave us 2 passes for breakfast at the hotel resturant for the inconvience . Rooms were not hugh, but having 2 bathrooms made up for that. Decor was very nice. The heat was still on, and we were unable to turn it off. Air conditioning was not on at all, and had to leave the windows open to get comfortable. The ballroom was beautiful- staff excellent! Lots of areas to sit and talk around hotel. Bar was ok--pretty noisy though. Easy check out. Parking expensive-$34.00 , but for downtown Chicago, not unusual. Lots of wonderful spots for picture taking which was important for the occassion. Price was at a discount, but usually much higher. Probably wouldn't stay here if just sightseeing, but was great for a special occasion. 	
May 1 2004	Friendly Staff	First let me say this hotel does not have the atmospher families! Not because of the hotel, but because of the normal clientele. We were snubbed by many guests. However, our large family was treated like royalty during our five day stay by the wonderful hotel staff. All the way from the registration desk personnel to the valet parking.My husband was attending a five day convention and decided to bring us along. Two weeks prior we tried to get two adjoining rooms but all of the rooms were booked. We succeeding in getting two adjoining rooms through hotels. However, booking through hotels was a nightmare. We ended up with one room for the remaining days. We decided to go ahead and proceed with the trip and take a leap of faith that Hilton would accomodate us. Not only did they accomodate us without whining and complaining, they found us two adjoining rooms with a lake view at $109 per room per night!!!!!The staff was very friendly and respectful our entire stay, and housekeeping showed up on the clock every morning to pick up after our very messy crowd.One huge word of caution.....If you are planning to stay anywhere in downtown Chicago and you are a large familiy bring your own food. It is impossible to find parking anywhere in the city, especially if you have a large vehicle, and if you do find parking you'll end up paying $14.00 or more for one hour.We walked everywhere. The Hilton is about 1 mile walking distance to the Shedd Acquarium, Planetarium, and Field Museum, and the city has a one year old walkway that you can take all the way from Grant Park to the museums with only having to cross Michigan Avenue. The walkway goes underneath Columbus and Lake Shore Drive.Also, beware of beggers. We got hit up twice. Either bring spare change with you or be prepared to be strong.I walked with six kids to the museums and despite the beggars, I felt safe.About the Hilton pool.......It seems to be little dirty. The water appears to have grease laying on the top of it. I don't know what caused it, but the chlorine smell was particularly strong. We all swam, however, and know one picked anything up.	
Mar 19 2004	Great rooms boring restaurants	I stayed in this hotel recently, and was very impressed by the front lobby and ballrooms. My room was also quite pleasant. But the restaurants and registration areas were strangely bland and formulaic. This is undoubtedly due to the convention nature of the hotel, but I was still disappointed to note that such an obviously historic hotel was lacking any distinctive bars and restaurants.With that said, this is a very clean and attractive hotel with a great staff. Upper level rooms have amazing views of both the lake and city. This is an excellent choice for either convention or business travel.	
Mar 3 2004	This hotel was great.	I stayed at this hotel over the weekend of the Chicago Bears Fan Convention (Feb 27- March 1). The hotel is beautiful. I had a Towers room. I had a decent view of the city (Sears Tower). The room was a little small but had two bathrooms (1 King bed). The Tower room has it's own registration area and comes with a free continental breakfast, evening snacks and free sodas throughout the day. The registration/ lounge is on the 24th floor and overlooks Lake Michigan. The hotel was full but service was excellent. The location is convenient but there are a number of homeless people within a block or two (especially toward the El train). We loved our stay at this hotel and never had to take a cab or rent a car. I will stay here again. Hilton offered a Sunday night free on their website with a 3 day stay. This made the cost reasonable (for Chicago). However, the Pavilion restaurant left a lot to be desired. The pub on the first floor was a good place to hang out and have a drink.	
Nov 3 2003	Great Stay	I stayed in the hotel for a week, and had a great stay the staff was helpful and courteous. The only problems I saw were that the television was too small and the Internet access was poor. I would and will stay in this hotel again.	
Sep 23 2003	Enjoyable Stay		
Sep 5 2003	Would stay here again!		
Aug 18 2003	whats all the hoopla		
Aug 6 2003	Anti-climatic		
Aug 4 2003	Great Lake Views		
Jul 7 2003 	Time for some remodeling		
Jun 9 2003	The Hilton is nice and tidy with an awsome staff!!!		
Jun 6 2003	Beautiful Hotel with Great staff		
Apr 30 2003	Nice Hotel		
Nov 14 2002	I expected a lot better service		
Nov 26 2009 	Molto lussuoso ma esageratamente caro!!!!		
Sep 2 2009 	Vieil hôtel qui ne mérite plus sa réputation que par son emplacement		
Jan 18 2009 	??????		
Nov 18 2008 	un tuffo nella storia della citta'.....		
Jun 30 2008 	N'a pas les moyens de son image de luxe		
May 16 2008 	El hotel está muy bien pero la situación no es del todo buena		
Jul 13 2006	impresionante mansion		
