Oct 24 2009 	Great location but...	We love to stay in these nostalgic hotels, but I would classify this one as a miss. It's saving grace is it's location - right off the Mile and within easy walking distance of the subway, but...We were disappointed in the quality of the room. Heating/AC is all or nothing - in this case all heat. To get any air circulation without turning on the heat, we had to open the window - and since it was a rainy couple of days, that was problematic. Without the window cracked open, it got a but stifling in the room. Bed was a miss as well - a little too hard. And the only real covering on the window - mini-blinds, so no sleeping in was not possible.We also found getting our car from valet was a hit or miss proposition. More often than not, the valet station was unoccupied.All in all, not what we expected.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel for those that want to see the city and won't need lots of room time	im from So. Cal and took this trip with two of my friends over spring break. I know, not they typical destination for spring break, but we thought we'd try something completely different with weather total opposite of sunny CA so we picked Chicago and I can now say it was a perfect choice! We arrived at this hotel and the staff greeted us with a smile and were very courteous. The location was AMAZING too. Right in the middle of everything, a few steps (literally) away from the John Hancock building, and one block from michigan avenue (a shopaholics PARADISE). We got to our room (one queen bed) and scoped out the place. The bathroom was perfect for us. Great size, clean, big mirrors, lots of drawers to store our stuff.. just great! The room on the other hand, was a little grandma like. The decor/colors were kind of bland, nothing too modern and exciting, but we couldnt complain because it was clean, spacious, everything we needed. We had a tv, safe to store our stuff, but no microwave/mini fridge or anything. We got the room for a GREAT price though so we really couldnt complain and plus we ate out most of the time so we really didnt need the extra stuff. Wealso got complimentary bfast with our stay and that was pretty good and a great way to kick off our day. It wasnt anything special (bagels, toast, juice, cereal, fruit, coffee), but it was good nonetheless.	
Oct 3 2009 	Basic cheap hotel in a great location	We took a quick weekend trip to Chicago, and we wanted a hotel that was cheap, clean, and centrally located. The Tremont is an older hotel located right off the Magnificent Mile, about 2 blocks from the Hancock Tower. The rooms were basic, but the bed and the bathrooms were clean, which was the most important aspect. There was a door dividing our room from the room next door, so we were able to hear the neighbors quite a bit. The hotel is on a quiet side street, so there was not much traffic noise.The hotel is about a 10-15 minute walk from the lakefront, and about a 10 minute walk from the subway. There was a restaurant attached to the hotel, Ditka's, which was a bit pricey. However, there were other restaurants within walking distance (and a Starbucks directly across the street).	
Sep 21 2009 	Good location - quirky hotel!	Hotel was fine - the staff full of smiles and friendly. Our room was very clean - old tv - curtains etc but spotless! One thing missing though... No tea or coffee in the room - first time in all years of travel has this not been part of 'the room' We went to Starbucks before bed and in the morning for drinks and brought them back to the room - not to far away. On site eatery which was fairly priced - again very quaint - dark lighting - nice though. Lacation couldn't have been better - so that makes up for all else as really how much time do you spend in your hotel room? Lastly - take your own toiletries as the ones they have in the room are a bit over perfumed - no shampoo and only hard soap - In general - Go for it - it sure is quirky and nice!	
Aug 17 2009 	Great Value and Location	The Tremont hotel is the perfect hotel for people who are going to be out and about in the city, and don't plan on spending much time in the hotel and therefore don't need a 5 star room.My boyfriend and I stayed at the Tremont for 3 nights in August during Lollapalooza, and it was exactly what we needed. We got a deal for $99 on Hotwire. The Tremont is in the best location in Chicago, right off of Michigan Ave near the Hancock building. There is a Red line metro stop within walking distance and plenty of cabs available. The hotel is definitely a smaller hotel and the rooms are not huge but very clean, and there is a king size bed, large bathroom and large closet- for those who are planning on being out on the town a lot, what more do you really need? Certainly the bathroom and decor isn't the newest and some improvements would make the hotel look a little nicer- but for $100 a night in downtown Chicago, I'll gladly deal with the 1980's looking bathroom!Our room was on the 4th floor so we were able to get internet service in our room, which was nice because we used MetroMix.com a lot to pick out restaurants and activities. You can also use Google Maps to see metro lines. Also, instead of using the valet for $49 a day we parked a block away at the 900 N. Michigan Avenue shop garage self park behind the Bloomingdales for only $34/day.My suggestion is that if you are coming to Chicago to walk around and spend time in the city, then this hotel is perfect for the money. If you are looking to spend more time relaxing and in the actual hotel room then sure, maybe you want to spend more money. For my needs, this was a great deal and in an expensive city like Chicago it's nice to save some money wherever you can!	
Aug 9 2009 	A nice modest sized hotel in good location	Stayed here late May/early June for 4 nights. Was somewhat worried given the mixed reviews on here. Paid $80 a night via priceline and felt I bagged a bargain when I turfed up at the hotel. Hotel has a nice quiet attractive lobby - a pleasant lounge to the left hand side has a nice smart period look to it and is a great place for people to wait for you. Front desk staff were very pleasant - what is great about this hotel is it's not huge so it means things like the front desk are not overrun with 50 people all trying to get service. every time I needed to go the front desk there were no other guests around so you got great informative service from the staff. Staff also were locally knowledgeable on places to eat and different places for drinks. Hotel is in a perfectly nice set of streets - cannot understand what the reference in a review here to begging. Never saw any. It is also a matter of 100 yards or so to the magnificent mile - at the Hancock building and very close to all the malls. Room itself was perfectly fine and moderately spacious - with easy chairs to sit on and a writing desk as well as good storage. Was surprised how smart the decor was - never switched on the TV but then I rarely do - you're in a great city so why would you. Bathroom was serviceable - perhaps slightly dated in look but I wasn't complaining at the price - shower was great - a veritable gushing shower. everything clean and tidy. Also the free wireless everywhere in the hotel including the rooms was a boon. There is use of a not great gym in a much bigger hotel nearby - if you really need the gym I'd suggest finding somewhere better but then you're paying very little for the hotel so could stretch to a day pass to a bigger gym. Breakfast was reasonable - not posh or much of a spread but coffee bagels and cereals - enough to set you up to get out the door but not something to savour and spend time over. All told I would heartily recommend this hotel particularly amazing value at $80 - much nicer to me than staying in some massive 1000 room type place where the lobby is mobbed by conference guests the whole time.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great Hotel Great Staff...can't beat location	We stayed July 31-Aug 2 weekend. What a great hotel. Right off Michigan Avenue and connected to Ditka's restaurant (go there). Metro was close, you could walk to the water easily...safe neighborhood. Antonia was the best!! Great employee and very sweet. Really enjoyed our stay...would def. stay there again	
Jul 29 2009 	Dated but convenient and friendly	We were concerned by so-so reviews, but we found it OK.Didn't mind the old fasioned dark panelled interior and the room was fine although there was no tea or coffee making facilities (big problem for a Brit). No pool and fitness suite was in another hotel.The central location suited us well for the metro and the bus/train to O'Hare.The reception very kindly let me into the office computer to check in with British Airways on line. We checked out first thing and for a small fee they let us leave our bags there while we spent the day sightseeing before our flight	
Jul 24 2009 	excellent	what have people got to complain about. the hotel was great and the breakfast was excellent and more than enough.yes the telly was poor but do you come on holiday to watch tv.We saw no beggers and not once did two females feel at threat when we came back late at night.The location was right and chicago was easy to get round.Stop complaining and stay at this great hotel well worth the money.	
Jul 18 2009 	Bad breakfast bad location	Continental breakfast either did not open on time, had no coffee, and always had the lowest quality bagels, muffins, etc. you can imagine. Location is right in the middle of Chicago's homeless/begging district and is rather unpleasant. Room was clean and nice though.	
Jul 18 2009 	absolutely fantastic	we were two girls (both 18) staying at the hotel for 5 days, and we had the most amazing stay. the room was big, and we enjoyed being in it, bathroom was big enough, and breakfast was good. the younger guy in the reception was great, he helped us find everyhing we needed, and was always up for a chat. I can only recommend this hotel, one of my best hotel experiences (I've travelled a lot though i'm still kind of young)! only downside was the grumpy old lady in the mornings. she did NOT like us at all!!!! don't know why though, she would barely even answer us if we needed some help! oh, and the dark haired girl (with a little bit of an accent) was really grat too!!! if anyone from the hotel ever gets to read this: THANK YOU FOR A GREAT STAY!!!!	
Jul 7 2009 	Still good but declining	We've stayed at the Tremont many times in the past 10 years, and it seems to be slowly slipping. It's still reasonably nice and definitely a good value. But updates are needed. Our tv was old with poor color and sound. Very few channels. Not a room you would want to spend time in. The Tremont used to be very nice, now is adequate. The location is still awesome.	
Jul 1 2009 	Very pleasant European style hotel	I don't understand all the complaints; we enjoyed the hotel and especially the location. Our room on the twelvth floor was very clean. The king size bed had soft pillows and was very comfortable. The bathroom was small but quite adequate. People have complained about the small rooms, but we have stayed all over England, France, and Italy in rooms that were smaller and more expensive. Breakfast was cereal, pastries, english muffins, coffee (bad coffee, I have to say), juice, milk, fruit. There is a Starbucks right across the street for better coffee. Front desk people and doormen were very nice. The public room is lovely, and I liked the potpourri some have complained about. There is only one small elevator, but it is huge compared to elevators in Italy. The location is just great, and in my opinion, it is a good hotel for the very low price.	
Jun 23 2009 	Good Value Great Location	This hotel is in a great location just a block off of Michigan Avenue and a couple blocks from the Red Line train. My wife and I went on a trip there with some friends and had a great time. We planned a trip to Wrigley Field and the Tremont is so close to the Red Line and that makes it easier than having to drive all over Chicago. It is an older hotel, but we looked online for a good deal and got one. When booking online, make sure you look at all of the rates and promotions and pick the best deal. We got this hotel for around $100 and could not be happier with the value that came with it.	
Jun 16 2009 	Good location	This hotel is just fine for the price and even better if you can get a deal. The el is close by as are lots of shops. The Hancock Tower is just down the road. Good to have a drink on the 95th floor. Breakfast is good and the staff are friendly and helpful.The only quibble is we had a room with a door to the adjoining room which wasn't very soundproof.	
Jun 2 2009 	Great affordable stay	Stayed two nights at the Tremont in Chicago. Excellent location right off Michigan Avenue. Booked thru Hotwire for around $69 per night during Memorial Day weekend. The room was 1 king bed with a chair, dresser, television, desk, iron/ironing board. The room was very clean and large, and staff quite friendly and helpful. We did not have the continental breakfast, tho one was provided. Mike Ditka's Steakhouse is located off the lobby. Parking was about $49 per day. The valet took our car at the door so we didn't have to worry about parking, and someone helped us with our luggage to our room. We would definitely stay at the Tremont again.	
Jun 1 2009 	Terrific find!!!!	A lovely hotel reminiscent of a bygone era when hotels had woodpaneled elevators and cozy fireplaced lobbies. Perfect location ...half a block from the Hancock Tower and Michigan Ave. We spent 5 days there and were able to walk to most of the sites we were interested in seeing including Lincoln Park Zoo. The hotel graciously gave us a corner room because we were celebrating our 40th anniversary and the views were terrific. The room also had a lot of personal touches you would not find in a chain hotel with their cookie-cutter layouts and decor. We were also able to open the windows slightly and get a refreshing breeze in the evening...a big plus for us. There was a continental breakfast every morning which was sufficient to start the day, but for those who wanted a more robust breakfast there was a deli two blocks away and a Starbbucks across the street. The staff was courteous and helpful and the entire atmosphere of the hotel was one of intimacy. Would definitely recommend this hotel to those who don't need all the bells and whistles. A.B. --Belmont, MA	
May 19 2009 	FANTASTIC LOCATION makes up for worn hotel	The Tremont has seen it's better days, let's be honest. Rooms seemed to have been last renovated in the 70's and are showing their age. However, this hotel is well worth it. The common areas (including on-site dining and lounge/lobby areas) are classy. The location (half a block from Michigan Avenue, near the Hancock Tower) makes this a great jumping off point for seeing and visiting Chicago. The staff were exceptional! Granted, only one small elevator can make for a wait, but overall GREAT VALUE FOR THE MONEY.	
May 17 2009 	Great Location Fantastic Price	Myself and my girlfriend stayed at the tremont for a week in early may and couldn't have been happier with the choice. its location was unbelievable, close to everything shopping, restaurants and the cta. the hotel room was big compared to others we stayed, and the bed was massive. the bathroom was fine, very clean. the guy down at reception was fantastic, great local knowledge and very friendly. breakfast was cereal and crumpets type thing, coffee too, grand to get you started. slight street noise and no curtains the only drawback.	
May 13 2009 	Great Location Frindly Staff	I was not expecting this hotel to be as nice as it was, given the great rates they were offering. It's an older hotel with tons of charm in the lobby and the dining area. The rooms were a little small but clean. A continental breakfast, included in the price, was nothing fancy but it was a good way to start the day with coffee, juice, cereal, bagels and sweet bread. The staff was super friendly. The best things about this hotel were the price and the fantastic location. It's about fifty steps from Michigan Ave. and within walking distance from so many attractions. I took my wife and 9 month old girl and my Mom for a long Mother's day weekend. Chicago is a great town and this hotel is a great place to stay. I would stay again for leisure.	
Apr 19 2009 	Great place to stay	We stayed for three nights and have nothing but good things to stay. There's a great restaurant attached to the hotel and other eating places only two blocks away, including a 24 hour diner. The rooms were clean and compact and the hotel was very quiet. For us, the best part was the location, just half a block away from the north end of the Magnificent Mile. We like to walk, so if you don't mind walking 10-12 blocks, you can get to the downtown and theatre district. We didn't know about this beforehand, but if you go to the Chicago Cultural Centre (across from Millenium Park) you can arrange for walking tour with a local guide. Our guide, Lance, was fantastic and we have recommended him to other people travelling to Chicago.	
Mar 21 2009	Unexpected gem	I stayed at the hotel for 2 nights after booking this hotel on priceline. The location can not be beaten. The hotel is a 10 minute walk from the El train and just steps from Michigan Avenue shopping. The staff was friendly and accommodating. Free breakfast was included with our stay. It wasn't much, but it was a good start to the day. My room was spacious and clean. The only down sides were that all rooms only have a single bed and there were no rollaways. Also, the shower didn't really provide much hot water despite the fact the sink had the potential to scald.	
Jan 5 2009 	Good Times	The Tremont Hotel is an independent hotel in the Starwood chain. My expectations were low considering the negative reviews. We were completely satisfied. PERFECT location. The rooms were clean. They were older, and they could use an update, but in a way that would take away from the “old Chicago” feel you have when you are there and I am sure raise the price. The lobby is very welcoming. Re: the strong potpourri scent, we were there after Christmas, so there were Christmas scented candles burning and I thought it was nice. I don’t know what it usually smells like. The rooms were very warm and large enough for both of us. We slept great on the bed and I LOVED that the windows open -- it was a little warm one day, so there you go. You can tell that once upon a time the bathroom was state of the art, but is much older now. All the fixtures (faucets, lights, etc.) are strange, but functional. We split our stay – first two nights at The Tremont (on Chestnut Street) and last two nights at The Blackstone (S. Michigan Avenue). Although both were downtown, I much prefer the location of The Tremont. There was such a terrific feel to the blocks surrounding The Tremont, and so much to do/see at any time of the day/night. Bonus - there is a Starbucks right across the street and a 24 hour breakfast place at a corner about a block away. The front desk let me check out late with no problem and it was super quick when I did. The elevator is old and slow, but we never had to wait for it, and we were on the 14th floor, room 1405. The price is unbeatable and we had a very nice stay, so I would stay here again without hesitation.	
Dec 24 2008	tired hotel The Tremont	Peeling paint, water damage, window would'nt close all the way with houling winds outside, one elevator for all to use, loud knocking noise all night from elevator shaft 1 room over.Location was great off of Michigan Av by water tower place.	
Nov 15 2008 	Disappointing Experience!	This hotel has no room service, bear in mind that. Not even hot water supply when you request for it, hence you can forget about coffee or tea in your hotel room, or even for convenient foods (Asian style) which require hot water. For families with babies, I guess you can count Tremont out. Reception had a lady which was rather unfriendly, not outright rude, but seemed bored to be at her job. Oh, bring your own umbrellas as Chicago pours quite frequently. Tremont does not provide umbrellas and would rather see you soak while searching to buy one. All furnishing in this hotel is OLD, really really old. Even bathroom adornments are seriously outdated. The bed is disappointing, pillows are worn out, and they even used safety pins to fasten the pillow covers together. Beware, you do not wish to poke your eye out now. TV basically offers only 5 channels, nothing to watch if you stay indoors. No kettle, no mini bar, no nothing in this hotel, it is as basic as you can get. They do provide hair dryers and safe boxes though. The only good thing about Tremont is that it is located just round the corner from Borders and Water Tower Place. However, if you are hoping that food will be at your convenience at Tremont, you will be disappointed.	
Oct 19 2008 	Good value and location	Room (12th floor) wasn't huge but perfectly OK. There were no curtains but adjustable blinds, which made the room more spacious. Location is a major plus and the price resulted in very good value for money. WiFi didn't reach the 12th floor but was available (free) in the lobby area. The Tremont should appeal mainly to the individual/leisure traveller who dislikes large (chain) hotels. Business travellers might miss an in-room Internet connection and the lack of room service. The attached restaurant is fine but the evening I arrived (late) it was full and all I wanted was a quick bite to eat without having to find a restaurant.[single traveller, London UK]	
Oct 3 2008	Suited us to a T	Pleasantly surprised after reading negative reviews. Our room on 12th floor was fairly spacious, clean and neat. We were in Chicago for a seven-night (shopping and eating!) break so were hardly in our room. Had done some last minute shopping before check-out and found that access to our room had been deactivated while we were out! No other complaints.	
Sep 22 2008 	Very basic hotel with a great locale	Be aware that this is a very basic hotel. It is old, the furniture is worn, the mattresses are thin, etc. However, we paid about $130 a night, and I doubt we could have stayed anywhere else in the area for under $220. The location is perfect; a block from the Hancock and Water Tower Place. The staff seemed nice enough, including housekeeping. It did take ablout 4 hours for someone to come fix a toilet that would not flush. If you are looking to only spend a little time in the hotel, it should be ok.	
Sep 13 2008 	Rooms whithout curtains!!!	We arrived and the desk gave us a small 5th floor room directly out of elevator, above air conditioned compressors running night and day, and whithout window curtains!!!!!! My wife and I didn't sleep the first night for noise and light!!!!. The day after we asked for a new room and a bored woman, finally, gave us a new room on the same floor, but in a other hotel side. In twice rooms no fast internet end only few tv channels.	
Sep 12 2008 	Great Location for Reasonable Price	Got a Priceline rate of $130. Like other users was a bit apprehensive considering some of the negative reviews. However, I was pleasantly surprised to find that our room was clean and reasonably spacious. Not too much choice in TV channels and the accommodations where very basic but we are not the type to spend a great deal of time in our room. I loved the location very close to shopping and restaurants. My only compliant was the oppressive scent of potpourri or incense in the lobby as I am very sensitive to certain scents and it caused my allergies to act up for my whole trip.	
Aug 20 2008 	ONE star MAYBE	I need to contact Hotwire as this is NOT a 3 star hotel. NO hot water, old, small dingy rooms. STAY away!	
Aug 17 2008 	A great value.	We stayed for two nights and were very happy with the accomodations. Much better than when we were here five years ago. This time we had a remodeled corner room on the 12th floor with 3 windows and a view. The staff was efficient and treated us great. We would definitely return for a third time.	
Aug 10 2008 	Tremont excellent place to visit downtown Chicago	After seeing mixed reviews, I was a bit apprehensive but our stay was great. The staff was professional and very helpful. The location was perfect. Our room was lovely and had an amazing view, looking out onto the John Hancock building with Lake Michigan visible down the street. Complaints we had seen included no ice and no workout facility. Whoever made the complaints must not have asked the desk staff. They were happy to get us buckets of ice and can provide a pass to use the Weston (I think) gym which was one block away. Single rooms do only have one bed which wasn't a problem for us but 3 people would need a suite.	
Aug 10 2008 	Great location friendly staff and Quacker Factory details!	For the love of God, whatever you do, DO NOT take room 307. Suffice it to say that I would rather set my hair on fire than spend two minutes in that room. Shudder! After asking for another room, was pleased with what I got. The decor is a bit &quot;Quacker Factory-ish&quot; ala dried floral wreath, plaid pillow shams and lace table doilies. but overall, the room was clean, the bed comfy and the housekeeper..the nicest person I have ever met in a hotel!! The hotel is a bit older but you cannot beat the location. Enjoy the room for what it is, a place to sleep whilst in Chicago. Enjoy!	
Jul 29 2008	Tremont:Good Value great location!!	I stayed at The Tremont the nights of July 21 and July 22, 2008.The hotel had mixed reviews but I liked the location&amp;price so\I followed through with my reservation. Although the hotel is notthe most modern, it is surely functional. The elevator was out oforder for a short time after I arrived but the service elevatorworked just fine. I was informed that the satellite was not inservice so only local channels were usable. In my case, thatwas not a problem but with children it might have been tough.I had a room on the 12th floor with a view of Lake Michigan andMichigan Avenue as well. The room was large enough for twoif need be and clean and concise. I enjoyed the old-fashionedtub and enjoyed soaking in it on two occasions.I would reccomend The Tremont to budget conscious travelers(I paid $143 a night plus taxes)and folks that want to be nearMichigan Ave. The subway is a 5 minute walk and many finerestaurants are 5 minutes or less away. The front desk crew wasaccomodating if not particularly friendly but who cares.	
Jul 28 2008 	I Liked It	I named my price on priceline and ended up at the Tremont. After reading all the reviews here I was really nervous about staying there, but I found it very pleasant. The staff was very friendly for the most part. There was a desk lady when we checked in who was helpful, but not overly friendly. Everyone else was very nice. It was fine for us as we were vacationing and not spending a lot of time in the hotel. We basically were there to sleep and shower and on one day nap. If we had to spend a lot of time there I wouldn't have cared for it as much since there was no cable in our room and we only got a few fuzzy channels. I did hear the desk lady tell other guests though that if the sattelite in their room isn't working they can call the front desk and watch movies and they'll take it off the bill. I was travelling with two small children and they were very nice to the kids as well. I'm going to not recommend it for people travelling with small children only because there is no pool and basically no tv, even though it was fine for us.	
Jul 25 2008 	Try something else	We decided to try Hotwire for the first time, and were not so lucky.The hotel is ideally located (close to the Hancock Center, the Magnifficent Mile, Sofitel Tower, Hyatt, etc), so location is the best thing about this hotel. A+ for this.As for the hotel per se, when you arrive someone opens you the door (so you get surprised because you have read all these reviews) but that's all that is. Check in lady makes you feel you are not welcomed. She tries hard to let you know she does not want to be there.Then, there is the elevator... ha ha... exactly like the Tower of Terror in DisneyWorld. In fact, it is a wooden cart, with crancky noises and the wire hitting the walls of the elevator, what makes you think: Who (or what) is out there?Anyway... The room was in urgent need of a remodelation.... in 1970. Nowadays, everything is outdated. The AC control was so scarry we did not even try it. It had push buttons.. had never seen this. The shower had a temperature display, which looked like the oddometer of a 1940's Mercedes Benz. The door let in so much light through the borders, it looked like an allien was on the other side (if this were a movie).In fact... it all looked just as if you where taken to the Island in the series LOST, and this hotel were part of the Dharma Initiative.The hotel had complementary internet on the lobby, but as we were staying on the 7th floor, we did not get any signal.While in Chicago, you CANNOT miss the Bobby Bike Hike. It's worth every penny. The best thing we did in Chicago. We also went to Wrigley Field (was too cold and boring to enjoy), and the Hancock Center, which is also worth enjoying while having a drink (it's also pretty cheap) if you cannot afford to have dinner there.The stay was not terrible, but would deffinetely try looking for something else.	
Jul 15 2008 	Actually avery nice place!!!!!	I was actually pleasently surprised after reading the reviews I was ready to hate the place. But the old school charm, location and service were great. Its within walking distance to everything and the view was beautiful. If you are going to stay in your hotel room for your entire stay, you might want to stay somewhere else , but if you just want a quiet place to remind you of old chicago this is it.	
Jun 25 2008 	Comfortable and Cozy in a fantastic location	My fiancee and I stayed here for one night in September 2007 and liked it very much. We got a great deal at $150 booking through lastminutetravel.com (ironically booked over two months ahead of time), amazingly cheap for a Saturday in that area. Especially considering that every other travel site I checked was charging a minimum of $220 for the Tremont on the same night -- and every other hotel in a two mile radius was averaging nearly $250 to $300. But I digress. I have to say I'm a little baffled by some of the other reviews, as we had a really nice stay at the Tremont. The location was PERFECTION less than a block from Michigan Ave, and we actually had a really neat view of the Hancock Building from our window. Additionally, the room was clean, the bed was comfortable, the bathroom was plenty big enough for our needs, and the staff acceptably accomodating. And while the room was a bit on the small side, it's pretty much exactly what I was expecting based on everything I'd read about the Tremont. It's kind of irritating reading reviews complaining about the room size when the hotel is hardly trying to hide the fact that the rooms are not large. It IS an old, boutique hotel - if you're looking for a larger room, and willing to spend more money, then by all means go stay at the Marriott down the road.We did not spend a whole lot of time in our room, so I can't comment on things like whether or not there was cable TV (we did watch some TV, though not much -- but I could have sworn there WAS cable, but maybe we were just watching network TV before bed) or internet access, but what time we did spend was very nice, and it was a great central &quot;home base&quot; for coming back to between activities. I don't know that I'd recommend extended stays here, but it's fantastic for a quick weekend away.	
Jun 5 2008 	Extremely Disappointed	I stayed at the Tremont with my husband, who was attending a conference in Chicago. Our room was tiny, the bed was a Queen size (expected a King for the room price), the television had only three channels that weren't too fuzzy to watch, there was no fitness center, the doorman was rude, there was a $3.00 charge per bag to store the luggage after check-out, our room always smelled musty, the bathroom flooring was in terrible shape (broken tiles with dirt in the hole where the tile piece was missing), the staff at the front desk was also rude, there is no coffee/tea maker in the room, there is also no wifi in the rooms. The cost of the room (almost $200/night) was astronomical for the lack of amenities and poor condition of the room. I have stayed at approximately 10 other hotels in Chicago (The Drake, Palmer House, Hilton on lower Michigan, Hard Rock Hotel, Hyatt on the River, and the Holiday Inn to name a few) and the Tremont is, by far, the worst hotel of the ones that I've stayed at in Chicago. A Hampton Inn located by an Interstate exit is far superior to the Tremont. Prior to our stay, I thought that &quot;boutique hotel&quot; meant fewer rooms, cute and quaint. Now I know that it means &quot;sub-standard accomodation&quot;. I will certainly never stay at the Tremont again.	
May 20 2008 	Leave the Tremont	Avoid this hotel at all costs. There is no cable tv and the front desk does not tell you. As a matter of fact, they are rude and don't care that you are upset, tired, and generally not in the mood for an idiot front desk person to give you attitude. The rooms are dingy and generally, this hotel is closing in on the fleebag category of hotels.	
May 9 2008 	Would stay again but beware: No high-speed Internet in rooms	I just stayed at the Tremont for 2 nights ($100/night via Priceline). After reading so many complaints on Tripadvisor, I wasn't expecting much but was pleasantly surprised. My room was perfectly comfortable, not at all decrepit or crumbling as some other travelers have complained. I did ask for a &quot;newer room, if possible&quot; when I checked in, and that might have gotten me a nicer room.Fabulous location just off Michigan Ave. Room was reasonable in size and quiet. Bathroom was unexpectedly spacious, with ample counter space (marble). Not spanking new but cerrtainly nice enough. Everything was clean. The A/C worked fine.I found the staff to be courteous and helpful. No complaints there at all.Yes, the elevator is slow, but not a big deal. Two inconveniences of note: 1) No high-speed Internet offered in the rooms (though I was able to access it one way - read on). This is the main reason I can't give the Tremont a higher rating. Because of this, the hotel may be unacceptable to many business travelers. There IS wifi in the lobby, as well as at the Starbucks across the street. Numerous business travelers (including myself) did set themselves up in the cozy lobby to use the wifi. Oddly, after I had accessed the hotel's wireless network in the lobby and then returned to my room, I was able to connect to the network from my room -- continuously, with a strong signal -- for the rest of my stay (~36 hours), whereas I couldn't before.  2) In my room, there were no accessible electric outlets next to the bed, so the phone and clock radio had to be placed on the desk (out of reach) rather than on either nightstand. In sum, I found the Tremont to be a decent, wonderfully located boutique hotel that needs a bit of updating (i.e., Internet) but is in all other ways quite comfortable. I will not hesitate to stay there again.	
May 1 2008 	Average Hotel Great location	I recently stayed at the Tremont Hotel on a 3 day weeked get-away with my girlfirend. I travel often so when they say boutique hotel I understand. Like most Chicago Boutique hotels the room was smaller but very easy in and out. the hotel is literally between Rush and Michigan ave. Leave the hotel go left 2 blocks you have all shopping, take a right 2 blocks you have the bars and fun of Rush Street. The Hotel staff is a big minus for the property. Not helpful and not friendly. The Air conditioning has not yet been turned on so the room was very hot even with fan on and window open (only opens 3 inches). Mike Ditkas restaurant is next to the Tremont. Great- great Place! Mike actually shows up 2 or 3 times a week. We saw him there signing footballs. Overall, for the price and being in that location I would stay there again. Clean hotel room with a historic feel. Just do not expect flat screen televisions or a business center. We were there to experience Chicago not a resort hotel. Sincerely Hader - Dallas	
Apr 28 2008	If I had paid full price I would have been pissed.	I read some of the other reviews and found them helpful. This hotel is not worth what they are charging for a room and I don't care about the area it is in. If you want to stay here, you need to get a deal and probably stay only one night. We aren't hotel snobs, we don't expect to be treated as if we are on a State visit. The location is truely remarkable but the room we had on the ninth floor was clean, needed some updating, had no a/c but a great breeze coming through windows that had no screen and opened fully, Got small kids who like to climb...beware! Normally, Chicago in April is cool but with no a/c, had it been July....forget about it. The elevator is not that scarey, I've been in worse. Having Ditka's restaurant off the lobby was really nice. The staff was friendly enough and we were in just for an overnight and found that it met our needs. The lobby was stuffy but well appointed. But, if I had paid full price, I would be pissed.	
Apr 5 2008 	Terribly Disappointed	We'd always heard such good things about the Tremont, so booked an overnight getaway. We often choose smaller &quot;boutique&quot; type hotels rather than larger, glitzier lodging. To say we were terribly disappointed would be an understatement. We had booked a &quot;deluxe room&quot; which the reservations operator highly recommended. She said, &quot;You will be VERY pleased with this room.&quot; The desk clerk was rather curt, and when we got up to the room, we couldn't believe it. For close to $300 it was a small, dark space. The thin white METAL blinds on the smallish windows were all broken and crooked. The door paint was all chipped. The bathroom was a joke. We'd been told it was an &quot;all-marble&quot; bath. The tile was all chipped, and the tiny vanity cabinet which looked like something from the 60's had no knobs (missing) and looked like it had been painted over a dozen times. There was hardly any room to walk around the king bed. The fabrics on the bedding and drapes and the carpeting were tired and looked faded. The room had an oddly-angled wall and on it was stuck a battered TV cabinet that didn't fit. It was pathetic. We decided not to stay, and it took about 20 minutes for the doorman to locate our car. Needless to say, we'll not be returning to the Tremont, even though it has a great location just off Michigan Av. near Watertower Place. In this case, location isn't everything.	
Apr 2 2008 	Disappointing	I chose this hotel as it was mentioned in my guidebook as one the oldest hotels in Chicago. Well, I can believe it. The decor was faded at best and chips and cracks were evident everywhere (although the lounge area off the lobby was pleasant). The staff - apart from the doorman - were not particularly friendly and I certainly did not feel very welcome.My main gripe is that while there are no minibars in the rooms there is also no room service. I was told quite matter of factly that if I wished to eat - I had to leave my room for the Mike Ditka's steakhouse attached to the hotel. The restaurant is fair but far from economical. I do believe that a city hotel should offer small snacks or at least provide a refigerator to purchase one's own.To make matters worse my shower/bath control froze on high heat and I was forced to wrap my hand in a towel and plunge my hand into the bath to release the plug in order to prevent flooding. It could not be repaired and I was moved to a smaller room that was less well situated. No compensation was offered. On the plus side the maintenance man was pleasant and helpful - even if the other staff were not. Unfortunately he didn't have the power to obtain an equal or better room for me.All in all - the Tremont lets down its own history as well as the great city of Chicago.	
Apr 1 2008 	Loved This Hotel	Purchased room through Priceline, so was unsure what it would be liked, we loved it.You could see the John Hancock building from the front door. Great location. Right across the street was a Starbucks and the whole street was really well lit.It is older and there is some wear but the rooms were nicely decorated. They smelled wonderful! There was definitly character. Would recommed! They let us store our baggage after check out till we were ready to catch the train home.	
Mar 23 2008 	Needs a Facelift	We booked a two night stay on a discount website at a great rate, so our expectations were not too high. As frequent visitors to Chicago, the location was perfect for our needs. The Tremont failed to meet our low expectations. First, there was no doorperson on duty when we arrived Friday afternoon during a spring snow storm. After entering the highly fragranced lobby (candles? potpourri? what is it hiding?), we approached the reception desk - nobody was visible. Looking over the counter, we greeted a seated person at the desk, who remained seated until we gave our name, etc., . She only stood when she requested my ID and credit card and accessed the computer. The moment she handed the cards and room keys to me, she took a bottle of hand sanitizer, squeezed it and spread it all over her hands. Lovely first impression...not helped by the container of Lysol wipes on the desk.  Believe everything you read about the elevator. It is small, slow, loud and wobbly. Any one of these alone can be overlooked, but combined creates a very unsafe feeling - especially when more than 2 people are in it.   Our room was small and relatively clean; the out of date decor made us feel like we were visiting a 70s version of a B &amp; B. The queen bed was quite firm, the sheets appeard to be clean. The headboard banged on the wall every time we sat on the bed. The outside walls were warped and uneven. The windows are poorly insulated and the one that faced the lake (yes, there was a partial view) was frosted over as a winter storm was underway. The wind howled loudly all night. I finally took the throw from the bed, rolled it up, and attempted to block the air. We had to turn the heat off in our room as the blower was so loud we couldn't sleep. And to top things off, the restaurant next door emptied their glass bottles into the dumpster around 2 am - directly below our other window.  As many others have stated, the bathroom needs updating. The tub was slow to drain and the toilet is slow to flush. Many tiles are cracked, wallpaper peeling and paint chipped. This lovely old building has great potential. I wonder why it hasn't been maintained the way it should be...	
Mar 18 2008 	A charming old hotel for couples in an unbeatable location	I have to start by saying that I read hundreds of reviews and had decided NOT to stay at the Tremont Hotel before visiting Priceline for our 10-year anniversary trip to Chicago. However, since Priceline had the Tremont listed as a 3-star, we were &quot;stuck&quot; with it. At $130 a night for two nights, I was a little peeved, but I told my husband to go into this with an open mind, to expect the worst and hope for the best. We were prepared for a miserable experience, but we were so pleasantly surprised! We arrived over 5 hours before check-in time expecting to ask them if they could hold our luggage until later but our room was already available. We took the elevator up to the 7th floor and entered our beautifully decorated but smallish room. We like a cooler room so immediately turned the thermostat to cool and went to check out the view. We had two windows. The first one we looked out had a rooftop/alley view, so imagine our surprise when we looked out the other window directly at the Hancock Building less than a block away!! There was also a view of a beautiful Catholic church, a corner of Michigan Ave. and even the lake off in the distance. Our cable worked fine including HBO, despite the reviews. The bathroom was also very nice. We set out to see the sights and when we returned the room was even hotter than before. Apparently they completely shut off the air to the hotel during winter months. So we opened the window and took a little catnap. I should mention that the room is VERY quiet with the window closed and not too bad with it open if you don't mind a little city noise. HOWEVER, at 6:00 Friday night we were promptly awakened by that beautiful church's 15-minute long bell chimes! It wasn't terribly loud, but it was enough to get us up from a nap!The hotel does not have room service which they made plain upon our arrival but there are so many restaurants within walking distance, including Ditka's which is attached to the Tremont (try the pot roast nachos). There is no continental breakfast (Starbucks is across the street) or pool and fitness center, which we knew before we arrived. So the wallpaper was peeling in just a few places - the place was very clean. We greeted the housekeeper both mornings as we left. So the elevator was slow - we weren't in a hurry anyway. We loved it! It was charming and comfortable and the location is amazing! We walked two blocks to Michigan Ave. &amp; Water Tower or took the CTA train (the &quot;L&quot;) everywhere. The red line station is .2 miles away (about 5 blocks?).We were blessed with fantastic March weather and the fact that the St. Patrick's Day celebrations were that weekend, but all in all we truly enjoyed our stay. If you're looking for a sterile, cookie-cutter environment with lots of amenities this is not your place. It's not terribly family-friendly but we were on vacation FROM our kids anyway. A gentleman in the lobby remarked to me that the hotel reminded him of his grandmother's house, and I would completely agree with that assessment. (Incidentally, I checked Hotels.com a few days before we left and rooms at the Tremont for our weekend were going for over $230/night!)	
Mar 17 2008 	Not That Bad	My husband and I spent two nights in Chicago for St. Pat's; we stayed at the Tremont. We were very apprehensive about this hotel based on all of the bad reviews, but booked anyway because it was the best price we could find for the location we wanted. When we arrived we were pleasantly suprise. First Impression:The hotel is in a great location, less than a block off of Michigan Ave. It appears nice from the street and has doormen and valet parking just like any other higher priced hotel. Upon entering the lobby we were greated with a wonderful scent, it was a great smelling place (there were candles burning.) Also, the lobby was very comfortable, with leather sofas and a grand piano.Check In:We were nervous about check-in b/c we had read so many reviews that said the customer service was horrible. We experienced the exact opposite. The front desk attendants were all very friendly and helpful. Check-in is at 3pm and we arrived at noon and were given our room with no problems.The room:A little dated, but clean and comfortable. I did see some of the things others complained about, such as peeling wall paper and chipped paint; but, neither were were that bad or noticeable. I am a clean freak and brought my own blanket and sheets but found the one's provided to be clean and fresh. The only real problems we had with the room was that the heating system was very old and hard to use, we were constantly hot and had no way to turn any air on; and the windows were very thin and you could hear a lot of street noise.Overall, we would recommend this hotel. It has a very reasonable price tag compared to others in the same location, and was clean and comfortable. If you want a great breakfast spot walk about 4 blocks North and you will find a little restaurant called &quot;The Pancake House&quot;, it was wonderful. Pros: Price, LocationCons: Outdated	
Mar 12 2008 	Great Location Great mints crappy hotel rooms 	DO NOT pay full price for this hotel. It is not worth the $110 that the Tremont will charge you. Go through Hotwire. If you want this one book with the 3 star hotel in the Gold Coast Area &amp; you should get this hotel automatically for much cheaper! I've done it three times and got this one each time. The lobby is very quaint and cute, but the girl working behind the counter shuffled around the desk for a good 30 seconds (one mississippi- two mississippi-three mississippi) before she even greeted us. The service staff was sub par during our entire stay (they just aren't very service oriented). The rooms are quite cramped. Make sure not to accept a room next to the elevator b/c it's banging will keep you up all night even if it is sitting idle. Also, this hotel does not have two beds in any room. Only Queens or Kings so you might want to call ahead and make sure you get a King. I stay at a different Chicago hotel almost every month and this one has BY FAR the best location of them all. Right around the corner from the Water Tower Mall &amp; right next to all the best bars on Rush St. Book this if you don't mind putting up with the things I mentioned earlier, but would like a great location.Oh yeah...they have great Lifesavers Wintergreen mints all over the lobby. Take as many as you can pocket. They were the highlight of our stay.	
Mar 10 2008 	Tired and worn out	Hotel is tired and worn out. Everything is old. The bed sagged in the middle and was the most uncomfortable I have been since I last went camping and slept in a sleeping bag on the ground. I asked for an upgrade upon arrival and was told immediately no, as they were expecting a big crowd that night. I saw two people in the lobby during my entire night's stay. There is no room service. The view was nice but the only reason to stay here would be the incredible location.	
Mar 9 2008	Loved the Tremont	We were impressed with the level of customer service we received from the minute we arrived. This quaint hotel may not be for everyone, but if you'd prefer to sacrifice the gimmicks of major chain hotels then this is the place for you. The location is excellent and the prices are lower than other hotels in the area. Ditka's restaurant is adjacent to the hotel &amp; caters to hotel guests &amp; the food is excellent. We will stay again.Mama &amp; Daddy	
Feb 29 2008 	Worth every cent...	I recently stayed at the Tremont. I am a regular. I must say, I think some people are a little picky. You must keep in mind, that this is a hotel that was built in the '30's (if memory serves me correctly). Rooms are not built for families and things don't always look or work like they are new. This is a good hotel for a single person or a couple. While, one could tell (and from personal experience) that about 10 years ago, this was one of the top hotels in Chicago. Now, it is just worn. I can see they are really trying to fix up what you can, but it is apparent that their parent company is not willing to pay to renovate. Nor have they in the many years I have been going. WHy do I go? Well, I must say, they have some staff that have been there as long as I have been going (Housekeeping and the doorman). They have a very dedicated management team who have always responded to my needs (Front Desk and Accounting even the GM). The prices are generally good too, you just need to understand that when everyone else in Chi is charging a lot, so are they. I suggest those who are dissatisfied don't take it out on the staff that work there, take it out on the owners, as the staff can't control the environment. Thanks again Tremont, for being home away from home.	
Dec 31 2007 	Decent but depends on room	I booked this through Hotwire and it was really well priced so I knew not to expect too much but when we checked in our room was stinking of stale smoke and was on the 2nd floor right next to an unsafe fire escape.I spoke to the front desk and they were ok with us and offered us another room on the 10th floor the next day. We gladly took them up on this offer and were delighted with our new room. It was worlds apart from the first one and was really nice.The bar is really cool and has great singers. The location is AMAZING! It is just off Michigan, kind of along form the Hancock tower and really close to the Tempo Cafe for waffles!You can walk everywhere and if you request a non smoking room it is worth it just for the location on a budget.	
Dec 26 2007	Great location crummy hotel	Room was a D at best. Service was a flat out F. You are lucky if someone is at the register to give you a key. I was waiting for 10 plus minutes. The doorman sleeps standing up. Terrible value for the money at Tremont.Very dated and not an ounce of charm. Too bad someone with some design and money doesn't buy this one up and do something with it. No room service. Walk downstairs to Ditka's for food (which is a B- at best).Location is outstanding.	
Dec 22 2007 	Good Classical hotel with a great perspective	I stayed there just to relax myself after a busines trip at NY. I love this hotel the way this is a old historical building, with a great taste and perspective.PRICE is very reasonable (i paid less than US$100 per night).for those who enjoyed the history and tradtional classic hotel, Tremont is a good choice for you.Greatly located near North Michigan Avenue, walking distance to most major shops.I rented a car and i used the hotel's velvet parking service, the costing was reasonable and i could enjoy good service from those guys.Overall i liked this hotel and next time i would like to share my experience with my girlfriend.	
Nov 15 2007 	The football place in Chicago	A beautiful place in chicago for foreign football fan.The restaurant is the MIKE DIKA'S RESTAURANT with pictures and trophies everywhere.It's a real american steack house. The bar is friendly and service fast.Of course rooms are old fashion but the reception people are helpfull and give you advice for visiting the city.	
Oct 26 2007 	Disappointing	Fortunately, my company paid the $350 a night cost of a room here, because I would have wanted my money back. The lobby smelled like pesticide, my room had mold on the ceiling, and the comforters were like the cheap cotton ones from Target. I can't believe that they get away with charging those prices, I would definitely not recommend this hotel.	
Oct 18 2007 	Wasn't as bad as reviews.	I just stayed at the Tremont for 3 nights &amp; I was a bit scared from some of the reviews but overall I enjoyed my stay there. It's true the rooms need some updating but I did see some work going on on my floor where a room was getting new carpet so there's hope there. Only other negative was no wireless or other high speed in the rooms so I had to go down to the lobby for this where they had wireless. Location was good, the hotel was very quiet and I found the staff to be friendly and helpful but not overbearing.There's a great pizza place 2 blocks up on State Street called Pisano's if you want some deep dish Chicago pizza and a supermarket beside that called Potash Bros. (or something).I would stay there again.	
Oct 2 2007 	Ewww but a great lobby...	First and foremost, let it be known that I LOVE old buildings, houses, etc. My own house was built in 1900. Reserved (hotels.com), and received confirmation of, a non-smoking, king (I am a 6' tall woman, so I nicely emphasized this while reserving, as well as while reconfirming) room. Called to inform hotel of late (9pm) arrival a few days prior (like a week at least), and was told that there wouldn't be any problem - reconfirmed room-type again at that point. Arrived to beautiful, cozy, fragrant, warm lobby, only to take elevator (yes, it's true what the others have said about the elevator - slow as molasses... but I digress, and to me that was charming) to.... a nice, architecturally-pleasing hallway, to (EEEEEEK!!) the no-tell, motel room from hell - rm 1406. The carpet was brand new, and the bathroom had been remodeled, but oh-my-gosh, wow! I actually laughed outloud while standing there when I opened the door. Threadbare polyester bedspread which appeared to a be from a Motel 6 auction. Spiders (three) visible (luckily, I'm an afraid-of-bees person, so they didn't scare/bother me), poly/cotton threadbare sheets, hard-as-a-rock mattress, pillows w/funky smells and no support, a headboard that whacked against the wall when you got within 2 feet of the bed, broken furniture, fluorescent bulbs in the lamps (to add the the ambiance, I suppose...), paint peeling off of the walls and trim, stains on the walls and ceiling, and the piece-de-resistance: one tacky, gold-lame-trimmed K-Mart (yes, I shop there, but, wow...) floral picture visibly bolted (ie: someone took a drill, and just drilled right through the front of it with 2 big screws) to the wall - PERFECT! I decided since the carpet appeared to be new, I would take my chances there with the placement of my luggage. The bed, of course, was a full or queen size (hard to say - so microscopic), so I picked up the phone to ask (nicely - it's not the front desk person's fault that a hotel sucks) the front desk if I should come downstairs to get a new room with the king bed that I reserved. I was told that &quot;when you reserve online, there's no guarantee that you'll get a king bed.&quot; It's not like I went to one of those websites where it's a crapshoot or like I didn't reconfirm my stay and room-type. I was so tired (and since this hotel was only for one night before my hotel for the rest of my stay in Chicago was available), I thanked her and resigned myself to the fact that this was where I was going to have to sleep... to the tune of $190. I slept diagonally, with my feet poking off the end of the bed - nice. I honestly worried about bedbugs all night long, and nicely checked out at 9AM to go wait in the lobby of the hotel I was going to be staying in for the rest of my trip.For $30 more/night, I had the ultimate, old-timey hotel experience at the truly wonderful Whitehall Hotel thereafter.	
Sep 17 2007 	Tremont - What a great location	The best thing about the Tremont was it's location. At the top of the street was Michigan Avenue - at the start - so you could walk all the way up and see all the shops. At the bottom, behind, Tremont, was another street (can't recall name) which was bustling with cafes (and a free internet cafe) and restaurants at night and near Oak St with other high end retailers. The room itself was on the small side as was the bathroom which felt a bit cramped, however, it was all clean and comfortable so no complaints really (no views to speak of, just next door's roof). The only downfall which isnt really a downfall, just a gripe of mine, was the awful potpourri at reception which wasnt to my favour at all. Otherwise, it was reasonable value for money, safe, comfortable and clean and in a safe area/street. The bus was at the top of the street (Michigan Ave) - very handy.	
Sep 16 2007 	old and charming  average hotel.	i stayed at the tremont hotel in early july a nice old english tudor hotel, it was not what i would call a three star standard hotel compared to europe hotels, a bit below, not so many amenities as listed. a bit below r what i thought it would bee,. a little worn down ,and old ,but it was a very charming old english tudor style hotel and i liked it .the rooms were nicely styled.a bit awkvard in the planning though with the toilet behind the door and telephone in bathroom etc ,still nice ,quaint..and it was ok.i thougth it would include breakfast but it didnt. but a restaurant lies right besides the hotel. the personnel a bit surly and not so overly friendly but ok anyway i liked the tremont overall a good hotel and cheap nice old english style too.john bevegard sweden stockholm.	
Sep 15 2007	wonderful people and very accommading	I had to stay in Chicago for a couple of nights for doctor visits and had to make reservations the night before i left. It seemed every hotel that i contacted in the area of Nothewestern University Hospital was booked due to some expo in town. The only room that was available for the first night was $468.00 and the reservationist that i spoke to(they are always in some other town for some reason,can't the hotel make the reservation when they pick up the phone?) said that the second night would only be $167.00 and no explanation as to why the drop in rates. The next morning i found out that the reason for the price drop was that i would have to move rooms. When the woman saw that i was genuinly surprised,she let us keep the room-and it was a corner suite! Now for the room and service review---the hotel is old and it is clean. I stayed at the newish Wyndham and saw unfortunate spots on the floor in more than one area! At this place i didn't notice anything that would make me go, &quot;eeeww&quot;The water pressure was awsome and the bathrooms were very clean(we had two baths)Yes the elevator was slow and one time we slipped up the service lift-big deal. The elevator is shaky and small and it worked just fine. I'm more frightened of rush hour traffic.The last day of our stay i asked the desk clerk the best way to get to the hospital parking lot and she said that i could park there till 6pm and still be checked out. She said to just have the valet load our vehicle with our bags and forget it. Wow! She saved me time driving in Chicago traffic and the extra expence of parking.I would have liked curtains on the windows to block out the morning sun-there were just mini blinds. And i think there should have been two night stands especially for a king size bed. Wonderful service and i will go back.	
Aug 7 2007 	Great Value and Location	The location cannot be beat. The hotel is right near the Water Tower shopping mall and within close walking distance to the red line and bus stops. Although the hotel is older (1920s), the 'grossness' factor is very very low. The water pressure is amazing, towels fluffy and big, and linens comfortable. The staff were very friendly and always available to answer any questions we had. Don't expect the Ritz Carlton and you will be pleasantly surprised. Definitely book this hotel if you are on a budget, but want a fabulous location and clean accomodations.	
Aug 6 2007 	Reasonable Deal	Cannot confirm those reviews below average. Having got a room for 150 $ at a weekend in August at bedfinder.com was an extremely reasonable deal for this hotel situated near Hancock Tower/Michigan Avenue. Sure the last renovation is years ago, but I got a room which was spacious enough and everything was clean. The reception could have been more friendly - but I really didn't care cause it was extremely difficult to find a downtown room at all for 2 nights....	
Aug 5 2007 	Basic overpriced but great location	Location aside this hotel is poor. There is something of an effort to ensure cleanliness, but a carpet that is overly worn will never look good whether clean or not. Same applies to paintwork, fixtures and fittings. Reports elsewhere of staff surliness were not encountered but we did 'enjoy' some fun and games with the lift not working. Nonetheless, the service lift was always available. Our room had a non opaque glass window in the bathroom, directly facing the loo which was somewhat disconcerting given the lack of a window blind. Ditka's is adjoined (almost as if the two establishments are under the same ownership)....and is still a top notch steak house. If you're on a budget and you simply want to be in just about the best location in town, then this place can be value for money if you manage to get a reasonable priceline or hotwire deal.	
Jun 28 2007 	Only stay here for a good price....	Don't pay full price and be ready for mediocre and you'll be fine. This place is just old and needs sprucing up (peeling wall paper, ugly furniture). It's in a great location and appears to be relatively clean on the surface, but no one should pay full advertised price for this place. We used priceline and paid about 100 per night for it - that's about all it was worth. The main elevator is small and slow. We used the frieght elevator (to the left of the main elevator) for most of our trip. It is located in a great place - walking distance to the beach, Mich Ave, busses to Wrigley field,etc. The beds were actually comfortable too.	
Jun 17 2007 	Poor attendance misleading information poor maintenance	Although the Tremont Hotel was highly recommended for its great location and charm, only the first one applies. It would be charming if the owners would apply some maintenance to it.If you read the hotel website, there are a lot of ammenities listed, which you will not find in the room. Although there is a small note at the page bottom which reads, not all of the ammenities apply to all the rooms, one would not expect not to have at least a fridge in the room. When I asked for that, I was told only the suites rooms next door had a fridge and would cost around US$ 100, more, which is absurd. Nothing was mentioned when making a reservation.The counter personnal were not friendly, nor helpful, not even attentive, we had a delayed baggage and it was delivered at the hotel the same day we arrived, but even after asking for it many times, the staff would say it had not arrived, only after I had called the airline company many times, they assured me it was at the hotel, so only after I asked to see the hotel office that I saw it was there lying right at the side of the person who said it had not arrived.At the end of the stay we were charged about US$ 20, for a non placed call. It was enough! Only the beauty and friendliness of Chicago made up for so many nuisances.	
Jun 8 2007 	Old but good	Having read some of the earlier reviews I arrived at the Tremont filled with trepidation.The Hotel is situated just opposite the Water Tower Shopping Mall on Michigan Ave and is an excellent location.Yes there was an old elevator but it worked perfectly fine and | have often waited longer in some modern hotels with banks of elevators.The room I had was old fashioned in terms of its style(too much brown for my personal taste) but it was clean and had a comfy double bed.The air con worked fine and the Bathroom was clean and towels were changed twice per day.The staff were extremely obliging in ringing restaurants to change or amend reservations and Mike Ditka's next door is not only an excellent steakhouse but we used the bar as our base before heading out each nightOver all I have no hesitation in recommending The Tremont for an excellent value for money hotel with location,location,location	
Jun 8 2007 	perfect location affordable needs a bit of updating	When we got to the hotel, there was quite a qeue because there was only 1 male person in the front desk and about 5 guests were waiting for their turn to check in. It took about 15 minutes before we got our turn.Once we hopped onto the elevator, there was a weird sound, which we believe was the cable responsible for its motion. The elevator was really small and could only accommodate about 4pax. If you were like us with big luggages, then about 2pax could only fit in.Our room was comfortable. We were on the 7th floor and it was clean, simple and decent.We would have appreciated a complimentary bottle of water though, given that we came from a very long trip.The valet and bellhop were very friendly. I just wish that the guy in the front desk were just as friendly and helpful. He seemed very busy but you know, a smile and warm greeting every now and then wouldnt hurt.Just a few meters from the Michigan mile, this hotel is perfect for those who love shopping. Across is a starbucks shop, so, if you like coffee, it's very convenient.Check out was a breeze. It was done by the lady receptionist.	
May 24 2007 	Nice Stay for the Price	After reading the reviews, my husband and I were very wary of staying at The Tremont. However, once we arrived we were very happy with our accomodations. For under $90 a night thru Priceline, we thought the hotel was a great value. Our room was nice, but did show some wear. However, for $40 we could have chosen to upgrade, which we declined. It is in a superb location, very near public transportation and points of interest. We definitely would stay here again.	
May 19 2007 	Great Location Courteous Staff Badly In Need of Maintenance	My wife and I recently (April 2007) stayed in this hotel. It is in a great location making it easy to get around Chicago to everything we wanted to see and do. The lobby area was nice to walk into, had coffee in the mornings, and always had a nice smelling candle. The pics in one of the other reviews shows why we were less than excited upon arrival to our room. It's not that it was filthy, it just wasn't maintained well. There were cracks in the ceiling, handles falling off drawers, chips all over the doors, and the bathroom was just old. There's just not a good maintenance program here. In addition, we were on a non-smoking floor, but someone was smoking on the floor and it was coming through the vents. To their credit though, we mentioned it when we were going out after dropping off our bags, and the man at the desk immediately called security up there and it wasn't a problem for the rest of our stay. In addition, he was very helpful in referring us to a good night club, and even gave us a coupon to get in free which saved us a $20 cover charge. The staff remained excellent throughout our stay. The location was great. The price was the least expensive for the area that we were able to find online. It wasn't filthy, it just lacked attention to the details that would have made it nice. Overall its good for an inexpensive stay in Chicago, but if you like luxury spend an extra $40 - 100 for somewhere else.	
May 16 2007	Tremont Chicago - very average and needing updates!	While the Tremont is in an excellent location, the hotel needs updating. It's the most affordable hotel in the area but a little paint, etc. could go a long way. The staff and lobby were nice, but our room had excessively chipped wood work, hardware falling off of furniture, frayed carpet, stained carpet, stained marble, mold in the tub, dirt in the overhead lamp and the wallpaper was peeling off in the bathtub. It was not entirely filthy, but I would have preferred spending $30-$50 more a night somewhere else that was perhaps cleaner. In my opinion its very average, but if you are looking for something cheap this is the place for you.	
May 5 2007 	Not as bad as some have posted	I spent a week at the Tremont as I was taking a class in Chicago. I booked it on Hotwire for 85.00/night which was the cheapest rate I could find for staying there the week I went. The hotel is old and has signs of wear in the rooms such as peeling wall paper and a door that stuck when I opened it, but I actually enjoyed my stay due to the neighborhood I was in and how close it was to everything.I will go through the positives:LOCATION, LOCATION LOCATION- you are literally less than 1 block from the John Hancock Center off the shopping on Michigan Avenue. You also have great access to public transit as you are a 3 minute walk to the Red Line L station and various buses off Michigan Avenue (I didn't rent a car for the week I stayed there and was able to get just about everywhere I wanted to.Functional Room-The room's A/C worked and kept my room cool on one of the hotter days I stayed there. The water was hot when I took showers. The room had a desk which helped me get some work done and studying. Cable TV was available however the stations were somewhat limited. The bed was comfortable and closet was functional.Room View:I had a great view of the Hancock Center out of my room's window. Ask for one of the rooms that end with a 4. My room was 1104 and it was pretty nice as I could see the sun rising and reflecting on all the buildings to the east.The staff I dealt with was friendly and helped me with directions when I needed them.now to the Negatives:No high speed internet access in the rooms. They do however have internet access in the hotel's lobby.The elevator creeks and is very slow.There is wear in the hotel's rooms due to the hotel's age. In my room is was mainly cosmetic, ie. wallpaper peeling.Overall, if you are looking for the Ritz I would recommend this hotel, but if you are looking for a place to sleep and can get the rooms for a decent price, I think you will be satisfied with your stay as you are directly located in the heart of the vibrant Michigan Avenue area.	
Apr 21 2007 	Stay here if you want to stay in an old dirty hotel	This hotel was awful! I would suggest not taking the pictures that you see on the websites too seriously...the photos of this hotel had to be taken at least 20 years ago. I love old buildings and architecture, but this was a little extreme. I felt like I was going to die every time I rode the elevator (it shook like crazy and rubbed up against the side of the elevator shaft the whole ride), the toilet and sink to wash your hands were in two different rooms, AND the folks at the front desk were everything except friendly and courteous.	
Apr 11 2007 	Great Locationbut thats the only good thing.	Loved the location. We were on the third floor with a view of the alley. This made waking up horrible cause the trash men were collecting trash at 6am and even thou the windows were closed we were awakened. The wall paper was peeling, the lighting in the bathroom was horrible. Oh and if you want to stay and shop after you check out, they'll charge you so much to hang on to your bags. Wouldn't stay here again.	
Apr 8 2007 	The Tremont Rocks!	I read some of the reviews about this hotel and it amazes me how pampered and unreasonable some people can be. I have stayed at this hotel twice in two months and have nothing but good things to say about it. First, for those who go to Chicago to explore, the Tremont is in a great location near Chicago Street and it's about a 5 minute walk to the Chicago/State Red Line CTA station. There's numerous restaurants and bars nearby and Michigan Avenue is a block away. As for the hotel itself, I was able to book the Tremont midweek on Priceline.com for $55 + tax a night. The hotel was built in 1929 and you feel like you walked into the past when entering the lobby, which appeals to me. The rooms are nicely sized and well-updated. Sure there was some wallpaper peeling from a corner, but I don't see how that makes my sleeping in their beds any less comforable. I don't think I've had hotter water come out of a shower anywhere I've ever stayed. The main elevator is slower and smaller than most, but it's by no means inching you up to your floor like some people would make it seem. There's also a service elevator right by the main elevator than can be used, in case you can't possibly bear waiting 2 minutes for the main one to come to your floor. The most comfortable queen bed has 4 pillows on it and multiple layers of blankets to suit your needs. FYI: each room only has one bed in it, so if you need a room with 2 doubles, don't book the Tremont. Otherwise, if you're looking to stay someplace beautiful with a significant other or just looking for a good place to stay close to all the action, The Tremont is the place to go.	
Apr 6 2007 	a bit old school	When visitng chicago there is no better area to be in than right outside the john hancock building. steps away from the nightlife and the Mag mile (Shopping) plus access to the transit system and all the glory of the navy pier from the worlds fair. This hotel was by all of those things. the only problems were the price.. 160 with AAA. Our room was extremely small and a painting was missing off the wall to reveal years of yellowing beneath. Terribly tiny elevators which made you a bit shaky. The woodwork downstairs is very nice, but no main area to really sit and converse. just a small hallway with a checkin service( normally only one person) to give a perfect discription of the hotel rooms themselves. It felt like a hitman from the 1940's was gonna come in. Very old school if you know what i mean. Like i was a mobster doing soemthing illegal. If you are a person who looks for new furnishings and extremelyt clean and spacious rooms.. Stay away... if your someone who wants to capture the way hotels used to be then feel free to stay. also there was a very nice 24 hour restaurant right outside called il tempo.. very good. decent pricing.	
Apr 4 2007 	Great location...not as bad as previous reviews	Stayed here March 30-April 1. I have stayed here a couple other times because the location is fantastic (near all the Michigan Ave shopping and restaraunts). Never thought the hotel was luxury but never really had problems either. Room was clean and front staff was friendly during this stay. Windows could use a little more soundproofing. I got the rate for this hotel on Hotwire for $56.00 a night!! Great price for this location (safe area too)! Honestly, I've never had many problems here and would stay here again for a good price.	
Mar 23 2007 	Great value with charm	The Tremont turned out to be our winning bid on a discount travel site, and for the $77 per night that we paid St. Patrick's Day weekend, it was definitely worth it. The location is amazing, half a block from Michigan Avenue and the Hancock Center. Water Tower is just another block down. There is a Starbuck's directly across the street and a great Italian deli called L'Appetito in the sublevel of the John Hancock building as well as a Cheesecake Factory.I was a little wary going in based on some reviews I read on this site previously, but we were completely satisfied with our room. The room was clean and nicely decorated, and the bathroom was decent-sized. The front desk staff was friendly, and when we needed new pillows for our bed late at night (my husband is allergic to the goose down that was there), they brought some up within 10 minutes.The only negative was our ability to hear noise from the next room through the walls, but if you have quieter neighbors, it isn't a problem.	
Mar 17 2007	Great location especially for the price. Good Value.	We stayed at the Tremont Hotel in March 2007 for 3 days. We stayed in room 1507 on the 15th floor, which is a corner room and pretty spacious. The location is great. The hotel is 500 ft. from Michigan avenue, very close to the Water Tower. Around the corner to the South is Argo Tea and there is a Starbucks right across the street. The hotel staff was very friendly, we had no problems with them. The room was a little loud at night (including construction noise and street musicians). We think the windows are not very well insulated (noise and water condensation in the morning). Also the heater made noise at night. We should have just turned it off, but were too tired to be thinking clearly. The room was clean although the bathroom had a small amount of mold in the corners of the shower and under some peeling wallpaper. There were some other small cosmetic problems, but not enough the detract from the boutique feel.	
Feb 18 2007 	Totally agree with previous review.	The room was extremely small. The wallpaper was peeling in many areas and the paint was chipped on the door and baseboards. My biggest complaint was the lack of heat. We turned the heat up as high as it would go and still were VERY cold all night. It was just miserable. Our windows also were covered in ice (on the inside) so we couldn't even enjoy the view. We left after the first night.	
Feb 17 2007	UHgGG!!! DONT GO!!!!!!!!!	After being told to go to The Tremont for its great price and location, we regretably found that those were its only good qualities. We arrived with no valet attending the stand, and no greeter at the door, so we had to wait out in the below freezing temperatures for someone to arrive. Once we walked in, the smell overpowered us and we could only conclude that it was an old lady rotting on the sofa, waiting for her room. The slow elevator screeched and rocked us up to our room, where we fell to our knees and thanked the lord that we made it to our floor. But once we opened the door to our room, we were not so thankful anymore. The pungent smell of mold mixed with throw-up and rotting beer was so overwhelming that we had to immediately leave the room until a later time of a more incoherance. Like the other reviewer, we found out about the spattering waterhead and the flood of water well above our ankles. We felt as if we were cleaner before we attempted to shower in this place. I was looking for the hair dryer, when i tired to open the cabinet of the vanity and it fell off in my hands to reveal TWO empty old beer cans and other garbage amongst inches of dust and filth. After awakening the next morning, and even though it was only 7:00 am and -19 degrees outside, we could not stand this place any longer and immediately got dressed and left. well... i should say 'tried&quot; to leave, the valet took 20 minutes to get our car when we were told no more than 10 minutes and obviously the only customers waiting. P.S.- Don't ask the front desk for any help, with a glare and a roll of the eyes - you will be denied!	
Feb 15 2007	Fabulous location!	When determining if you want to stay at this hotel, ask yourself WHY you are in Chicago. Are you in Chicago to spend most of your day out shopping, or are you there to enjoy staying in the hotel? If you want a really nice hotel and plan on spending a lot of time there, then this isn't the hotel for you. Yes, it's older and it does have some cosmetic issues. BUT, the location is awesome! Across the street is the Westin and I giggled to myself knowing what they paid for their POSH hotel, and what I paid for my average hotel. We probably have an equal amount of steps to Michigan Avenue, so location is mute. I personally go to Chicago to shop and eat out. I really don't care much about the quality of linens or the speed of the elevator. I want convenience for a low price. This is it!	
Feb 13 2007 	Cheap but skip it!	We booked at the last moment on Super Bowl Sunday planning to do some shopping on Monday. The price was good and it had a 3 star rating on the service we used.Bad Choice! The carpet in the room was filthy. There was mold on walls of the bath. We found bloodstains on the bed spread. Wallpaper was peeling. Towels were few and tiny. The water in the sink was barely above a drip and the hot never got even warm after letting it run for 20 minutes. The bathtub drain was s-l-o-w.Worst of all was the heat (lack of). This was a very cold weekend. The heater in the room had it's outlet in the ceiling above the entryway, and the return air intake was between it and the door. As a result, the heat circulated up and down by the door and failed to warm the rest of the room. We nearly froze. There was a quarter inch of frost on the inside of the windows in the morning.We had booked two nights. Naturally, we did not stay the second night. We have contacted Hotels.com about a refund for the unused second night, but have been unable to get a reply.	
Feb 8 2007 	Stay Away!	When we arrived, no one helped us with the door or offered to take our luggage. The first thing I noticed as I entered the hotel was the awful smell of old potpourri. After we checked in, we waited for the one and only elevator… talk about slow! Once we got to our room, it just kept getting worse. There were black streaks on the wall above the vent in the room as if smoke had come out of the vent at one time. But I suppose that was better than the mold growing around the ceiling vent in the bathroom. I went to close the drain in the bathroom sink and the drain pull came completely out of the sink. Although, that’s better than the shower drain which wasn’t draining at all. By the end of my shower, I had water up to my ankles. The only good thing about this hotel was the location.	
Feb 1 2007 	Enjoying my stay	My teenage daughter and I are sitting in our comfortable room right now enjoying our stay at the Tremont. I was apprehensive due to some negative reviews, but that was unfounded. Yes, it's an older hotel and the carpets are worn, but our room is clean, staff is friendly, location is great, and the overall atmosphere is pleasant. Lobby &amp; lounge areas have the feel of a European hotel. The free wireless internet has gone down here and there, but actually having wireless in the rooms came as a pleasant surprise to me. I wouldn't hesitate to return.	
Jan 27 2007 	Very Quaint	We booked through Priceline and won a room at the Tremont for $50.00/night. I was very apprehensive after reading the reviews here. Really, there is nothing to worry about, and I consider myself picky about such things. Yes, the room was small and the windows need cleaning, but we weren't in Chicago to hang out in a hotel room or gaze out the window. The location was great, we walked everywhere we went. The Tremont lobby is cozy and inviting (and smells awesome). The staff was nothing but kind. Our room was decorated nicely and they don't bolt the fixtures down to the walls or the furniture like they expect common theives to be staying with them. The bed had huge pillows and a pretty duvet. People have complained about the elevator, but we thought it was great, it's old and it's slow and it makes noise, but big deal, it is a throwback in time and part of the experience. We thought the hotel reminded us of what The Hollywood Hotel at Disney would have looked like back in it's prime. Bottom line, if a crack in the ceiling and non-perfect wallpaper are going to ruin your vacation, don't go here, if you want a cute room in a great location, book it.	
Jan 13 2007 	Needs Some Updating	I stayed in the Tremont 23 years ago and back then it was amazing. I remember having room service bring croissants and tea and everything was perfect. Fast forward to 2007... It is still a nice hotel, but compares to an aging film star. The rooms need some attention. There were cracks in the ceiling, wallpaper that was peeling, molding that was missing, paint that was chipped. The bedspread was old and very worn. The bed was not comfortable. The overall look of the room was nice...beautiful curtains, nice lamps, the bathroom was nice size and clean. If you own a hotel, details should be important. Cosmetic changes are not hard to take care of!! I run a weekly condo rental and I am so picky that nobody would ever give us a negative review. It just depends on the standard of excellence of the owners. We either strive for excellence in our lives, or we don't. The Tremont Hotel is located within a minute's walk of all the stores. Amazing location. We found parking out in front in the evening so we didn't have to pay to park. Ditka's Retaurant looked wonderful and we should have eaten there but ate at another place and I ended up sick and had to leave Chicago early, missing our conference. Would I stay at the Tremont again? Maybe...I only paid $99 so if i was watching my money, I would stay again. But I think next time I will try something different.	
Dec 11 2006	Thought it was great	We thought that the Hotel was fine for a small boutique facility that was clean, nicely appointed and had a friendly staff. Very quaint. It doesn't have a bank of high speed elevators like the larger surrounding facilities but you could converse with the staff without having to wait in line for 20 minutes. Free morning coffee in the lobby was a nice touch.It is conveniently located off Michigan Avenue across from Water Tower Place and is attached to Ditka's Restaurant(the reason for the faint smell of cigar smoke). A great facility for couples wanting to experience downtown Chicago.	
Nov 6 2006	Lovely Stay...As always!	I'm surprised to read some of the negative reviews here! I've stayed here for years and have never had a bad room or experience. Granted, some of the rooms are small, and they lack the &quot;bling&quot; of the newer (and new money) hangouts, but part of the charm of the Tremont is it's old English style. I highly recommend it, but then, I'm not a &quot;chain hotel&quot; person. I appreciate the quiet, discreet charm of the Tremont.	
Nov 4 2006 	Different Impression	I also stayed at the Tremont Hotel and had a very different experience. While you can tell that the hotel is a bit older, the location was great, the staff was welcoming, and the room was clean and in good condition. If you are looking for a very modern hotel this may not fit your needs, but if you would like to stay at a nicer hotel with a bit more history it is a good choice. Also, Ditka's Restaurant is right downstairs if you don't want to go too far from the hotel for a good meal. At the time when I stayed there the weather was not the best, and I found it very convenient.	
Nov 3 2006	treemont hotel	Istayed at the treemont hotel in chicago in october 06 i stayed in room 1507 the room was very clean and nice and all the staff were very nice and helpful i look forward to staying there again i had a great time	
Nov 3 2006 	Such Great Service	I was in downtown Chicago for my b-day and we booked a room at the Tremont Hotel. We stayed in room 1507. The staff was outstanding the room and the service was beautiful. The colors and the decor was great. It was such a warm cozy room after a nice night out.Everyone was courteous, friendly, smilng....It was such a great night. I would make it my hotel of choice anytime I am in the downtown area for anything. Just for the friendliness and the way I was treated during my stay. I rate the hotel a 10.Have a great day .....	
Oct 22 2006	Flee! Flee! Flee!	This is a horrible, horrible hotel in a great location! It was dirty, old, and worn. The carpet was threadbare, the wallpaper was peeling, the paint came off the ceiling in chunks, there was mold on the bathroom ceiling and walls, and the fridge and faucet did NOT work. The only elevator is tiny! Most disappointing, it is run by small-minded people without a clue how to solve a problem or earn customer loyalty. We asked to change rooms, and were told with a sigh that they're all like that...Sounds harsh, I know, but this was a disastrous experience, redeemed only by the amazing service at the hotel we fled to! Climbing the management chain was unfruitful...They had our money, and they were satisfied with that. Our satisfaction was ENTIRELY disregarded and irrelavent. FLEE!	
Oct 21 2006 	Disgusting	This place is just disgusting. It was insanely priced for what you get. The hotel was like an absolute sauna. The room is VERY old and worn, and we stayed in one of the &quot;nicer&quot; suites. And for our money, we got a beautiful view of a construction site. The bathroom lineoleum was worn completely down to the wood, the wallpaper was peeling off everywhere, and I had to use a washcloth to turn the shower off and on and flush the toilet so I wouldn't have to touch anything. That reminds me, you have to sit sideways on the toilet to take care of business because the toilet is so slammed against the wall. The only good thing about the hotel was Mike Ditka's restaurant (since there isn't any room service). The food there is incredible and the portions are more than generous.	
Oct 19 2006 	aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh	Tremont is French for 3 Mountains. In this case the first mountain is filth, the second is grime &amp; the third is dilapidation. The hotel appears to last be cleaned when Hoover was president. The modest elevator struggles to climb each floor &amp; its shrieks bring to mind visions a medieval stretching rack. If you do not mind moldy showers, cracked ceilings, walls peppered with holes, a food encrusted TV remote and/or enough dust to trigger an asthma attack in a healthy person then you will feel fine shelling out $389 a night.	
Sep 22 2006 	Loved the hotel 	My daughter &amp; I surprised my grand-daughter for her birthday with a trip to Chicago &amp; The American Doll Place. I read some bad reviews about the Tremont Hotel &amp; was very nervous about our stay. The shuttle let us off in front of the charming 1928 building &amp; the Bell-Man greeted us with a friendly smile and helped with our luggage. As we walked into the lobby we smelled the best candle we have ever smelled. Our room was available for an early check in and it was very nice &amp; clean and much bigger than I expected- My daughter had stayed at the hotel on Michigan Ave. for over $200.00 a night &amp; she said our room at the Tremont was larger. When we stepped outside the hotel &amp; my grand-daughter said &quot;where is the American Doll Place&quot; - a woman passing by said it's right down there. The location is perfect for shopping &amp; great restaurants. We had dinner at Mike Ditka's restaurant in the hotel &amp; it was packed &amp; food was wonderful. I will stay there when I return &amp; recommended it to anyone I send to Chicago that wants a nice, safe hotel in a great location without spending lots of money. We bought some of those wonderful candles they had in the lobby. ( I am a Travel Agent)	
Sep 2 2006 	STAY AWAY	This place is a hole. What a nightmare. I would have had more fun lighting $95.00 on fire. No I didn't expect the Ritz. But I do expect a clean, quite, smell free, place to stay. The lobby is nice, however I should have known something was up when a musty smell hit me in the face as the door opened. The elevator is a death trap waiting to happen. Slow, old, rickety. The carpet in the elevator was dirty and coming away from the walls. Once in our room the musty smell hit us again. The furniture was beaten up, carpet was coming away from the walls, everything looked dirty. I didn't want my bare feet to touch the carpeting. We pulled back the shower curtain and mold was in the grout of the tiles throughout the whole shower. (see the pictures) We checked out immediately and found another hotel. For what we spent total after getting another room at another hotel, ($230) we could have skipped PL (who we love) and gotten a really nice room. Priceline should get rid of this hotel. Or for that matter any online agent should refuse to sell this hotel. This hotel is the true definition of dump.	
Sep 1 2006 	Great Old Hotel	I was very concerned about staying at the Tremont after reading many of the reviews on this site. I booked the Tremont through Priceline for 5 nights at $75. per night. Priceline ranked this hotel as being 2 1/2 stars. Our stay was excellent. The hotel is old, but completely clean. Our room was very comfortable for two adults. The elevator was not slow as some people complained in their reviews.The location is unbeatable. 3 Blocks from the CTA red line and literally steps from Michigan Avenue and the Magnificent Mile. Our room had a great view of the Hancock building.If you're looking for fluffy robes in your bathroom and 200 cable channels- go somewhere else. If you want a nice, clean hotel, with comfy beds, nice staff and fantastic location for a really good price- this is the place for you. I would definitly stay at the Tremont next time I go back to Chicago.	
Aug 29 2006	Worked for us depends what your wanting out of your hotel.	We booked the hotel on Hotwire, I was having a hard time finding a room anywere else under $150-200 a night, we got the Tremont for $92. The reviews on tripadvisor are very + and -. Here's our opinion of it. It has a great location right off of Michigan avenue and across the street from he Hancock Center. The hotel is old, the elevator is slow and the rooms are in definite need of repair, however the room was clean and safe and I knew when I booked it that I wasn't going to get the Four Seasons for $92 a night. I also didn't book a room on Michigan avenue to spend all my time there. When we go to Chicago we spend very little time in our room we sleep and change clothes that's about it. It definitely served its purpose for us. I do have to disagree with Hotwires rating of three stars it was more of a two star hotel. While I probably wouldn't actively seek this hotel out to reserve if I got it again on Hotwire I would stay. A few years ago we stayed at the Intercontinental and loved it, however it's prices have definitely gone up they were wanting $250 a night (we paid $65 last time) and we got the Tremont for $92, so the Tremont worked for our budget and served its purpose so if you get in on Hotwire or Priceline don't be to worried as long as you are prepared for it to be old don't plan on spending a lot of time here.	
Aug 29 2006 	Great location below average hotel	First of all, this is not a 4 star hotel nor should they advertise as one. In the past year we have stayed at the Sofitel and Amalfi and this hotel was a huge disappointment. It is VERY old. The wooden doors in the rooms must be the original because you can see the light from the hallway all around the door. The walls are paper thin. We could hear everything people were saying in the room next to us. The elevator is the worst. It is true. There is only one elevator and it has enough room for about 6 people without luggage. Don't get into a hurry if you stay here. Getting a cab is also tough. You might have better luck walking up to the corner of Michigan Ave.If you don't have high expectations about a hotel and can get this one for under $100 on Priceline or Hotwire, then go for it. Just don't be surprised when you walk into the room of your &quot;4 star hotel&quot;.	
Aug 28 2006 	A backpacker hotel	$79 a night via Hotwire - they say its a 3 to 4 star hotel. Not quite sure who or how that rating came about. Location is EXCELLENT, no one could deny that at ALL. The place was built in 1929 ish and I dont think has had much work done to it since. There is one lift!!!! And it is SLOW !!! The rooms are old, tired and I mean TIRED. There are no twin rooms here either, everything is a Queen or King. I'm not thrilled about this place. The carpet in our room is dirty, the beds are kind of worn out, there is no duvet, noisy air con and the bathroom has crached bowls - really unhygenic! On the plus side..............ummmm, there doesn't seem to be one apart from the location. Knock it down and start again I say!	
Aug 15 2006	A great bargain and location location location!	I was leery about staying here after all the horrible reviews.OK, people, I got a rate of $110.00/night through Priceline. I was NOT expecting the Four Seasons.Arrived this past Friday (8/11) and were directed next door to the Tremont Suites. 4th floor suite with downstairs kitchen, restroom, living area with TV. Upstairs had a comfy Queen bed, many closets, TV and another full bathroom.Was there a view? No. Did I care? NO. I was less than a block from Michigan Avenue. I wasn't planning on hanging out in the room.It was clean, air conditioned and comfy. Were there signs of age? Yes. Was some plaster peeling? yes.Folks, this is an OLD hotel with a fantastic location. If I'd had to pay 300.00 + a night would I stay here again? I don't know.For $100.00 or so a night - ABSLOUTELY!	
Aug 4 2006	Fitted Say What?	Room was okay, location was great, next to Coach Mike Ditka's restaurant. Only thing, no fitted sheets! Called front desk, they said they didn't supply them...	
Jul 31 2006 	Can't Complain for the Price	Upon arrival at the Tremont I was informed the hotel was overbooked and I would need to spend the first night of my stay in Chicago at another hotel. At first I was upset (tired from travel and hungry), but the hotel refunded my first nights stay and then paid for me to stay at a $400/night hotel, The James. I was pleased with the Tremont staff for making an unpleasant experience pleasant. The James was out of this world, 42 inch plasma TV and trendy! Thanks Tremont!Now, on the second night in Chicago I had to check back into the Tremont. The Tremont is very old and yes, there are some less than desirable things going on (dirty looking ceiling? dirty windows). But the sheets were clean and the price($90/night in the summer) and the location (20 steps from Michigan Ave--Water Tower Place) you can't beat !!! If you are going to Chicago to shop and eat and hang out in town, this is a great hotel. If you are looking for a relaxing hotel and plan on spending a lot of time in your room, i suggest you look elsewhere.	
Jul 29 2006	Horrible Hotel	The room that we stayed in for one night was $475 per night. Disgusting, horrible, full of stains and made me sick to my stomach imagining what more I could have done with my money.We ended up dishing out $100.00 more at the All Suite Omni Hotel for the next two nights. Beware of the Tremont!	
Jul 24 2006 	Great location at a great price!	I booked a room at the Tremont for five nights on Hotwire for $450 including fees and taxes. I was a little apprehensive after reading the reviews, but I wasn't disappointed with my stay at the hotel. The only negative thing I have to say was the $38 a night to park my rental car. Even with that charge it was still less than $130 a night.I stayed in the Tremont Suites which is next door to the hotel. It was basically a studio apartment complete with full-size refrigerator. I had brought my own ice chest because I thought I wasn't going to have a refrigerator, which one of the staff filled with ice while I checked in. I found the staff to be friendly and helpful. Yes, the elevator was slow, and the building was older, but the location was great! Two blocks from the Red Line, one block from Michigan Avenue, one block from Rush Street, a Starbucks across the street (Wi-Fi access $10 a day, which I could get a decent signal in my room), and plenty of shopping and restaurants wihin walking distance. If you are looking for decent accomodations in a great location then check this out. If you want a modern hotel in the same location, then you could pay $300+ a night a the Sofitel right up the street. The choice is yours.	
Jul 19 2006 	Ok for the price paid	My wife and I stayed for two nights on our anniversary,we were given this hotel after picking it from Hotwires 3 star $89 rate grab bag. The location was great , the room was nothing to get excited about definately showing age, but we went to Chicago for Wicked, Second city comedy club, shops, and dining . We were not dissapointed with what we got for our money and the staff served us well.	
Jul 12 2006	Please don't go...old diry and disgusting! Nothing like the pictures!	This hotel was very old, which is not a problem - but the filth was! Upon entering my room, I found the rugs to be stained, the bedspread worn, stained and crusted up on the edges (there was a red stain in the center of the spread - which may have been food, but I was NOT going to get close enough to investigate). The bathroom was disgusting, cracked tiles and tub, bare spots where grout should have been, leaking faucet and zero water pressure and what may have been shampoo or something globbed up in the corners on the outside of the bathtub. The bathroom had a very musty-mildew-y smell. My wife had to wait thirty minutes after I had showered to take hers, as the drain to the tub was very slow draining.Someone had left a partially eaten gummy bear or some other type of chewy candy, as I was welcomed by a pile of ants when I tried to pull the curtains. I contacted the front desk in an attempt to be placed in another room, but was told due to the hotel being at near capacity, a switch was impossible. I'm surprised by how truly shabby this hotel was - believe the reviews and stay somewhere else.	
Jun 25 2006	Dirty and Overrated	Room was VERY small. All of the furniture was covered in dust. Bathroom was dirty.	
Jun 8 2006 	Had a nice room and nice stay	I usually stay at Hiltons or Hyatts on business. However, virtually everything in Chicago was sold out on the second night of my trip (had a room at the Millenium Knickerbocker the first night.) Given the reviews on this site, I was apprehensive about the Tremont. It turned out there was no reason for me to have been concerned. The only downside I saw was the lack of internet access in the rooms. There is a potential downside in that there is only one elevator (plus a service elevator) and I imagine that could cause some jams at certain times.My room was nice, in good order, and very clean. The room was larger, bathroom nicer and view better than at the Knickerbocker. The furniture was certainly older, but it fit with a hotel built 80 years ago - all the decor corresponded - it was all in nice shape, and it would not have made sense to have modern furniture in a hotel like this. The common areas were attractive and staff helpful. I would have no concerns about staying here again as long as I felt I could get by without internet access.	
Jun 6 2006	Old but clean and friendly staff better than expected	We also booked the the hotel via priceline bidding. After reading the last reviews, i was a concerned staying there. But after we arrived we were also accommodated in the Temont Suit next to the Hotel. We entered the room and were positively surprised. It is true the the hotel is old and would need an makeover (actually there are some construction works going on, but during the weekend we were not disturbed by any noise), but the room, bath and bed was clean and the staff was very helpful and friendly. So if you are looking for a clean place to sleep, at a reasonalbe rate in a very good location (next block to Hanckock tower), we think the tremont is definetely the right place to look for.For the same purposed we'd go there again!Marcel	
Jun 3 2006 	Not as bad as expected	After being booked at this hotel through Priceline for a business trip in late May that coincided with an unusually expensive period of Chicago hotel rates, I was quite nervous that this would be a horrid experience, given many reviews. While this hotel is far from being luxury, I was pleasantly surprised to find it at least average. If you are looking for a 5-star hotel, this is not your place. However, if you are looking for a room that is reasonably clean and in a convenient location, this is not a bad option if you can get a competitive rate. I will not rush back to The Tremont, but I would stay there again if options were otherwise limited. The staff is reasonably friendly, and it is well-located for shopping/dining. Some of the most notable downsides to the stay were that there was only 1 elevator, the mattress was not overly comfortable, and the walls were rather thin between rooms. The hotel could certainly use a makeover, but the same is true for many older Chicago properties.	
May 16 2006	Didn't care for the Tremont	While the staff was friendly and accommodating, the hotel is showing its age. The bathroom was clean, but deteriorating. You could see where the water was going behind the bathtub faucet and running behind the wall, so the trim was actually rotting and some of the tiles were lifting. The cabinets are painted wood, but the paint was peeling all over.The bed was comfortable and there was a decent TV. Sheets were a decent quality, although not exceptional. The morning trash trucks were just outside our window in the alley and were very loud at about 4:30 am.There is only one elevator in the hotel and it's very small - you can only fit about 6 people without luggage. One time the line was long so we took the stairs. We found that the kitchen at Mike Ditka's is on the second floor and the stairwell was really nasty - trash, grease, etc.On the positive side, the staff was wonderful. They were friendly and helpful when we needed a restaurant recommendation, taxi, newspaper, etc., however we would not stay here again.	
May 11 2006	Not anymore	I also got stuck with this hotel using Priceline. This place is nowhere near the star ratings I've seen it at. The place was dingy, dirty. When we checked out, we heard someone telling that there were ants in its bedroom...I would never stay here again and would most certainly not recommend it to anyone else!!!!!	
Apr 28 2006	Unacceptable Hotel	The Tremont Hotel in Chicago is an older established hotel which used to be one of the best. Upon arriving to the hotel the front desk and area surrounding were very nice, as I remembered. Upon getting our room key they told us to go outside and go to the building adjacent to get to our suite. We walked into a small entry-way in a very old building with a tiny elevator to get to our floor. Once reaching our floor, as the door opened - we were shocked! The area had not been kept up, it was outdated with old paint, old carpet and very depressing looking. As we found our room and walked in, it looked as if it were someone's personal apartment that was not in good shape. The chairs were chipped, an old bedspread was on the bed and there were holes in the walls in the bathroom. We immediately walked out and went to another hotel. I would not recommend it.	
Apr 13 2006	Dissappointed with the customer service at this hotel	For such a high priced hotel their cancellation policy borders on combative. I suggest to find a more friendly and customer oriented hotel. When I plan to stay in Chicago again this hotel will get no consideration.	
Mar 29 2006	Worst hotel stay ever.	I got stuck with this hotel using Priceline. This place is nowhere near the star ratings I've seen it at. The place was dingy, dirty, and smelly. The bed was horribly uncomfortable, and the desk staff was rude and unpleasant. Their valet would park your car for you but you can save some $$ by parking it yourself a block or so north at the garage attached to the Four Seasons.I would never stay here again and would most certainly not recommend it to anyone else.	
Feb 9 2006 	Sows ear sold as a silk purse.	I travel an average of 18 weeks out of the year - I know good hotels and bad hotels. When I arrived in room the floor had crumbs all over it from previous guest, the TV did not work, the dirty carpet smelled, and a turd from previous guest was floating in the toilet. This is not a hotel to which I can bring my wife.There is one (1) internet cable for ALL guests to use next to front desk - there is no other means of getting internet connection in the hotel. When I informed the Front desk that this was &quot;ridiculous in this day-and-age&quot; they said &quot;fine - go across the street to starbucks if you want internet&quot;. As a business traveller, internet access is essential; I do a lot of work from Hotel rooms wherever I go- except this hotel. This hotel is not a place I can stay when on business trips.	
Feb 1 2006	Ok for the money but not 5 star	My love and I stayed at the Tremont for three days during the week prior to New Years. We chose it because of the location and because we found an online special for $55/night. Even with the $40/day valet parking that made our total less than $100/night.It's an old hotel and it looks it in some places- it's certainly not 5 star, but it's not a total dump either. The inside staff was civil, but the valets were extremely courteous. Our room was pleasant enough, if a bit tiny- which was fine since we came to see Chicago, not stay in the room.The elevator is a bit slow and cozy- there was sometimes a line, but you can go through the door right next to it and use the freight elevator if in a hurry- although that lift did smell a bit. :) For the money, we were pleased with the Tremont, just don't expect too much.	
Jan 30 2006	Close to Shopping FAR from luxury	I am not a picky person--I have slept in worse hotels, but this is the first time I feel ripped off. I paid premium for less than a budget room. The wallpaper is falling, the tiles are cracked, no shampoo,conditioner, or toiletries other than one bar of soap, and a flashlight equivalent of an overhead light. You have so many options on Michigan Ave--don't pick this one!	
Jan 23 2006	Very Saddening Experience	I have seen better rooms that charge by the hour!!Worn out carpet, cracked walls and ceiling, no ice machine or concession machines available. Just about the worst experience I have ever had in Chicago.	
Jan 4 2006	Location is the only good thing about it	The location of this hotel couldn't be better but everything else could be. It is very old and the rooms are very small - I can't remember in eons ever staying at a hotel where they didn't offer rooms with two double beds; I was with my son so we could only get two single beds. You have to go out to get food for all meals as the only restaurant is the attached and expensive Mike Ditka steak house. The staff at the desk was not helpful at all about places to eat in the area nor were they particularly pleasant. We didn't have to spend much time in the room so that helped. The price was right for us but then, I guess you get what you pay for.	
Nov 25 2005	An Adventure!	We had stayed here some years ago and found it &quot;tired&quot; but booked again at the last minute given the World Series was in town. The lobby and front desk reminded me of a down in the mouth European hotel. The main elevator was broken so we needed to take the service elevator. Unfortunately, it stopped one floor below our floor. Carrying our luggage, we had to walk up a dingy stairwell. When we reached our room, the door was open and tape was across the door with a sign that said wet paint. Not sure whether to laugh or leave, we took down the tape and entered the room. It was a large suite with 12 foor ceilings, huge windows with spectacular views, had a baby grand piano and a modern bathroom! Amazing! I'm sure we got lucky and would not bet that we could get the same room again. My suggestion is that the owners shut it down for a year, fix it up from top to bottom and then try again. It's in a great location and doesn't deserve to be what it is.	
Nov 18 2005 	Old 	Stayed in one of their &quot;suites&quot;. Turned out to be an old run down apartment turned into a hotel room. The carpet and fixtures appeared to be as old as the building. The single carpeted elevator had doors that needed a nudge or two to close. Worst hotel I have stayed at in Chicago so far.	
Nov 17 2005	Disappointing	It's clear that the hotel used to be a very nice place to stay, and the location is hard to beat, just off the Magnificent Mile and within walking distance to a lot of shopping and other activities. It still is reasonable, but definitely not 4-star, and the pictures on its website are much better than what we actually got. Beyond the lobby and the adjacent Mike Ditka's restaurant, the rest of the hotel seems and smells old and in need of some renovation. The suites, which are a different building (next door), and where we were originally placed, are in slightly worse condition. They do appear to be rectifying that somewhat, which we found out at about 7 am Saturday morning when we were awakened by the sound of construction on the wall just outside our windows and room. The staff, however, were very accomodating and as helpful as they could be. Realistically, if you are in downtown Chicago and are not planning to spend a great deal of time in your room, this is a fine place to stay for a price that is reasonable for the location.	
Nov 14 2005	OLD HOTEL 	The hotel views are excellent and it's located right off the Mag Mile, but that's where the perks of this hotel end. The hotel is OLD!!! And has not been renovated ever??? The rooms are extremely small, the bathroom fixtures look to be the originals. The paint in the rooms look like they just keep coating one coat after another, and it's obvious! The rooms are all overly hot, and the thermostat in the room doesn't seem to help. The front desk said all the rooms were this way. We literally had to open the window, when it was 40 degrees outside. There is only one elevator for 16 floors! You have to wait forever to get on! I hate to think what happens when it's down. If you're visiting Chicago and only plan to crash in your room, then the hotel is okay. But if you're spending more then 5 minutes in your room, then look for somewhere else to stay!!!!! The hotel isn't old school, traditional charm...it's just plain old!	
Nov 4 2005	Room with a view!!	We booked the Tremont through Priceline and after reading reviews, we were very apprehensive!!We enjoyed our stay at the Tremont. The location is worth the price of the room - we were in walking distance of the magnificent mile and had a room with a view of the Hancock building in the next block.Yes, the hotel is old BUT still elegant. The room we had was well appointed with the usual TV, hair dryer,telephone, iron and ironing board. The towels were fluffy and clean; the bed was OK and the room and bathroom were clean.The staff were helpful and courteous, we had a great location at a great price and we'll go back!!	
Oct 31 2005 	Old World Charm Excelent Location Comfortable Stay	I really don't get it with some peolple who write reviews, The Tremont is a very old building built in the 1920's in the heart of Downtown Chicago, everything, and I mean everything is just blocks away.The Facade, Lobby and reception areas are really nice.There are actually 2 elevators, not too big, but they're ok. My room ( I speak for room 1009 only !!) was a bit small, but I can see they are maing changes, the spreadsheets, shower curtains, drapery, some area carpets were brand new. The mattresses have seen better times before , but the lady in charge of housekeeping told me they were going to change them. Improvements are being made and it shows, honestly, it is a nice hotel to stay at, I would probably stay there again.	
Oct 23 2005	Tremont has a great location but is a tired hotel.	We just stayed one night at the Tremont Hotel a mere block from Michigan Avenue in downtown Chicago. The hotel itself is a smallish hotel with decor that ranges from 10 years ago, and backward. The lobby area is cozy as others have said, yet there was no music playing or other diversions going on to hold your attention. The staff was nice yet distant, smiling when spoken to, or looked at, yet not eager to answer questions or offer help. We were told upon arrival that the hotel's main guest elevator was out of service, and would likely be working within an hour or so. As of a day later at check-out, it was still out of service. This didnt seem like a problem as we could use the service elevator, but the problem was the infinite wait as the old elevator lumbered up and down ferrying EVERYONE in the hotel.The location makes it a nice enough place to stay, but after staying at newer and more up to date hotels in the area, we wont be back.Book it if you have no other option but avoid it you can.	
Oct 21 2005	Overall... a fairly decent hotel	We stayed there during marathon week. Got a great deal on Hotwire and after reading previous reviews we were somewhat scared and hesitant of what we would find once we got there. What we found was a really nice, charming small boutique hotel that has a really cozy , warm lobby. The elevator is small as previously mentioned and a little slow. but we never had to wait more than 2 or 3 minutes at the most. We stayed on the 12th floor. Asked for a room with a view and got what was probably the one of the better views (facing out towards the Westin) . The room was small (about what you would expect in an older European style hotel built in 1929. ) But was certainly clean. The furniture is worn but comfortable. The bathrooms were clean. Didn't notice any issues mentioned by other posters. There was one small piece of baseboard tile chipped off but other than that, nothing really worth mentioning. Also the hotel was very quiet especially considering that they were full. We never heard any noise coming from other rooms, the halls, etc. And the staff were very friendly and helpful. Check-in and check-out were both very fast and efficient. The location is excellent. Also Ditka's restaurant connected to the hotel is a great place to eat or catch a game in the bar. I would stay there again and recommend this hotel to anyone on a budget. It's defintely not the 4 star they advertise on some sites, but it is certainly a decent 3 star in my opinion.	
Oct 9 2005	Not 4 star	Great location for visitors. Lobby is cozy and old school.Elevator is tiny- scary and they only have one- so tack on 15 minutes extra to travel time. I was moved to a lower floor so I could take the stairs. It looks as if they let people hang out and smoke in the stairwells-cigarette butts everywhere.Rooms- nothing special- lots of wear and tear- my door barely opened without waking the whole floor. What is strange is that with some paint and other TLC they could spruce this place up without spending much. Views are nothing special but that is to be expected in a crowded city.Free gym was better than nothing but not much to chose from. Still most places now charge for use.Overall this is most certainly not a 4 star hotel-- and they should not advertise as such. Also, the photos on the website are much better than the rooms actually are.Overall, not horrible but they should try and fix the place up. I am not sure what the room cost are but I am sure they take advantage of thier location.	
Oct 4 2005	not what it used to be?	Judging from the lobby, this hotel used to be quite a lovely place. No longer. Starting with the fact that it only has one small elevator for the general public, it was a great disappointment. The room was shabby--furniture battered, bedspreads stained, nothing too clean. The bathroom shower curtain had mold on the edges and there was mold on the ceiling over the tub. Also peeling wallpaper and tile. I couldn't wait to get out of there.	
Oct 3 2005	Budget Travelers Only!	This is a European style hotel (think small) in a superb location that is suitable only for a budget traveller. It's location near the Hancock building makes it an ideal location. But it is very shabby, and everything has a very worn appearance. If you want a great location, can get a bargain rate (we paid about half of what any other hotel in the area cost), and just need a place to sleep, this might be your place. If you want to impress someone with luxury, great service, and nice furnishings, or can't get a great rate, choose another location.	
Sep 30 2005	Worst Hotel I've ever stayed at	I left the Tremont hotel angry. This was the worst hotel experience I've ever had in my life. First off, there is only one elevator for the whole hotel, and although it is not a big hotel, it definitely needs more than one. They allow you to take the freight elevator, but avoid it unless you like going in grimey, stinky, small spaces. We were told by the front desk that they can book an architectural river cruise tour and that we will get $10 off the regular price and that when we return, we will get the $10 back. This was a complete lie and management did NOTHING to resolve this issue. The worst about this hotel? The PAPER THIN WALLS. The first 2 nights we were there, we were woken up by the sounds of a woman in the next room making and receiving calls before 8AM. We could hear EVERY SINGLE WORD uttered. The third night was the best though. At 3AM, we were awoken by 2 drunken young girls swearing and laughing about their night out on the town. Of course the daily alarm clark that went off in the same room next to us at 9PM was wonderful too. The staff ignoring our request for them to turn the alarm clock off completely, and not just for that night was of course ignored.	
Sep 20 2005	OK place	We recently spent 2 nights at the Tremont. We were met by a doormanwho took our bags to our room and we were checked in efficiently.This place has some charm and is a bit shabby but is definitely not the dump some reviewers claim. Room was not the best but was ok.Staff however could do with a visit to a charm school .. polite lack of interest in the guests would sum their attitude up.Main complaints were :-No drink making facilities in the room ( Although the coffeee was free in the mornings )Lift was erratic, slow and at times very crowded.On one day there were no towels left and it took 3 calls and 1 hour to get them sent up.Most annoying was a $3.00 charge per bag for storing after check out ( Still this negated the need for a tip ! )Location was superb which as we were sightseeing most of the time more than made up for the shortcomings and the restaurant attached was excellent and reasonably priced.Summary ... fine for 1 or 2 nights, any longer look elsewhere.	
Sep 7 2005	I enjoyed my stay. I think some people want the Ritz but don't want to pay	I recently stayed at the Tremont. I did not have all of the &quot;issues&quot; that some other people are claiming. Sure it is an older hotel. The building itself is old. So you can imagine that they are limited on what you can do with space. I asked about the door man as I heard they don't open the door for you. They don't have one. It is the valet people out front (who are not actual employees of the hotel). They said they do have a bellman (who I had the wonderful pleasure of talking too!) but he is the only one.FOLKS THIS IS A LIMITED SERVICE HOTEL, you pay for what you get. When you book on many websites, the fee is NON_REFUNDABLE, so why should the hotel refund your money, when it was the other company who you paid ( I also learned this from reading the websites I was booking on).My room may have been worn, but it was clean, and the room attendant was very cheery. I travel a lot and from what I really have seen with my own eyes is that many people want everything for nothing. I have been staying at the Tremont for years and I have seen it go from it's hey day to it is &quot;okay&quot; now. Why do I still stay there? The location is wonderful and it is a good value for the price. You cannot stay anywhere else that has the cost and location. Like I said before, if you want to be pampered stay at the 5 Star hotel, but be prepared to pay for it.	
Sep 7 2005	It's unanimous!	It seems that whenever we book a room through a discounter, we get a small room, a dingy room, or a room in the worst location. Although reserving a room with a king bed three months in advance, they claim that they did not have one available. Both windows shades were ripped and broken. The furnishings were overly worn. The bathrooms were too small, too. Luckily, our air conditioner did work well. This hotel even charges $3 per bag if you check them in earlier than your check-in time. While a few dollars cheaper than other hotels, it really is not worth the savings. Stay elsewhere. (The Raphael is a very nice alterative.)	
Sep 5 2005	No problems for us - are we all talking about the same hotel here?!	We stayed here for two nights, as part of our three week tour of the states. Absolutely no problems - ok, so it's a bit 'shabby chic', but it's clean, the staff were friendly and professional and it's in a fab location, right next to the Hancock building. Would definately reccommend and stay there again.	
Aug 29 2005	Never again!	We booked on Hotwire and I cringed whenever The Tremont was revealed to be our $90 per night room because I had read the terrible reviews on this site. Aside from the wonderful location, this hotel has little to offer. I called ahead and requested a room with a kitchenette. Gabriel recommended the Tremont Suites, located next door, also available for the $90 per night rate. First of all we were told that the bed would be a queen sized one. We always try to get a king-sized bed while traveling. Lo and behold we were given a full sized or double bed, pure torture for two full sized adults. The size of the room was quite small too. The bathroom was soo small that whenever you sat on the toilet your entire left side was jammed against the sink,very uncomfortable! The kitchette was rendered practically useless because of lack of utensils,plates,pans and other kitchenware. They did deliver a few items, 2 forks, 1 spoon, a cheap skillet and a few plates,but we had to purchase dish soap and a scouring pad. Also the refrigerator was not working for the first few days. They did replace it with one that seemed to work better. The air conditioning unit made a very loud noise. The elevator broke entirely on several occassions forcing us to walk up 4 floors. But the real treat of staying at The Tremont was being awoken each morning by the building literally shaking because they were demolishing the building next door! What an experience! Never again!!	
Aug 14 2005	Dirty and tired	This place was terrible at best. We got the room via on on-line retailer for $120/ night for 2 nights. We didn't expect the Ritz but something better than the Roach Trap Inn. Boy, were we suprised! Awful doesn't do this justice. We checked in, tried to get a refund (which lastminutetravel wouldn't give us) and left. So we were charged for the 2 nights but opted for the Courtyard on Ontario. Yes, we still paid for the Tremont AND the Courtyard, but it was much more worth it than spending one more minute in this attrocious hotel.When we checked into the Courtyard, the guys there laughed and said they've heard the Tremont was &quot;Tired&quot;. Comatosed is more like it.AVOID AT ALL COSTS. If I could've rated it a 0, I would have.	
Aug 12 2005	Disgusting	We got this hotel off hotwire, claiming to be 4 stars. RIGHT. It was dirty: peeling, stained carpet, a funky smell, burn marks on the wall...I could go on and on. The location, right across from Water Tower, was good but did not make up for the general nastiness of this joint. AVOID IT!!!!	
Aug 11 2005	Believe All Of The Reviews: This Place is AWFUL and dirty	The lobby and facade of this building is very deceptive, it looks quaint and charming, until you get to your room! We knew this hotel wasn't going to be luxurious, but what we experienced was ridiculous. We could have lived with the small rooms, the un-air conditioned elevator and poorly lit bathrooms but not with the following:1) There was a large (foot long or so) crack in the wall with mold growing out of it, above the crack the ceiling was beginning to cave in too.2) The bed was awful and very uncomfortable. The pillow had blood stains and there were black stains on the sheets.3) The vent above the bathroom door looked like it had never been cleaned. It was black with black dust surrounding the entire large vent.4) The carpet was just plain disgusting.5) The mirrored closet door had 3 cracks in it and duct tape trying to hold it in to place.6) There was another large vent on the bathroom ceiling that had a cover that was hanging down about 3 inches from the ceiling. This vent was just as dirty if not worse than the one in the bedroom.7) The bathroom door handle was falling off.8) There is no lighting by the shower, which is probably good since there is mold growing in the cracks of the tile.9) The window looked like it had bever been cleaned.10) There is no 24 room service or vending machines in this hotel. Which means if you want a soda or a bottle of water you need to trek to the Walgreens three blocks from the hotel. You couldn't look at any point of this room and not see filth or mold!We have no idea how this hotel was rated a 3 - 4 star on various sites. Spend another $20-$30 on your hotel and stay anywhere else! The one small saving grace is the location, the hotel is within walking distance of just about everything and right between Michigan Ave. and Rush. Street. Location is not everything though!	
Aug 9 2005	Dirty old and small--Not recommended	Just stayed at the hotel for one night on the 4th floor. The carpet is very old and dirty. Wallpaper peeling off the wall in the room. There were ants in the bed sheets--thank god it wasn't bedbugs. Only vinyl miniblinds on the windows so forget about light blocking to sleep in. Air conditioner did not work very well.I have no problem with budget hotels and expected a small room and older furnishings. But I draw the line at filth and pests in the bed.	
Aug 4 2005	DON'T STAY HERE!!!	When we first got there, we couldn't get anyone to take our bags into the hotel.(The doorway was narrow, and the doormen wouldn't even hold the door open). They were standing around outside looking at each other like a bunch of buffoons. When we checked out a day early from this dreadful place, we called for someone to come and get our bags to take them down, and nobody ever showed up to get them. We had to take them down ourselves which wouldn't have been bad except that the elevator was so small you could hardly get the stupid baggage cart into it. Now for the room. It had to be the smallest room I have ever stayed in. Think walk in closet with a bathroom attached. The mini bar was leaking and the carpet was so dirty I wouldn't walk barefoot on it. The bottom of our socks were filthy. There was wallpaper peeling off the wall in the bathroom and it was dirty looking also. I wished that I had shower shoes. While we were there the elevator was stuck on the second floor for hours causing us to take the stairs which went by the kitchen causing them to be greasy and dangerous. Falling might have been the only way to get our money back for the night we didn't stay due to checking out early. They absolutely wouldn't refund us for the night we didn't stay. The staff at the desk were very rude! The parking garage is up a couple of blocks and around the corner and costs $24 a day. You better hope it isn't raining if you have to walk to it. Next time we would stay at the Sofitel which was near and looked to be a lot nicer! I don't know what the other reviewers were talking about when they said it was charming. Do yourself a favor and DON'T STAY HERE!	
Aug 3 2005	Location is a saving grace	We booked this hotel online thru Expedia to get a better rate. We booked three rooms for three nights, asking for twins. Well, two of the rooms had king beds which they would not change, apparently booking through Expedia gets you a &quot;room&quot; not the one you actually book. They were extremely unhelpful with this. Not a single apology or any kind of help to rectify our situation. The room itself is dire. I have stayed in some dumps, but at least they were cheap - this place has blood on walls, ripped wall paper, filthy stains eminating from the air conditioning vent. The elevator was hit or miss, I took the stairs as much as I took the elevator. The carpet was hideous, it seriously needs a good cleaning - I wouldn't walk around barefoot. In addition, our phone didn't work consistently, it managed to get through about 50% of the time. I think that the location of this hotel is ideal (right around the corner from Filene's and the Cheesecake Factory) and now that Starwood has taken it on I would hope that they would put some money into cleaning it. In the meantime, I would not recommed it to anyone, but take the time to find something more suitable from a hygeine standpoint.	
Jul 24 2005	Adequate	We had a corner room on the 15th floor. Very good view, funky shaped room. The furnishings and carpet were shabby; much in need of upgrading. Air conditioning unit was noisy all the time. This is a no frills hotel with a decent location. Not terrible for the downtown price of $129 + tax.	
Jul 23 2005 	Better off at the Days Inn	An absolute rip off! Thought I was getting a deal close to Michigan avenue, and getting ready to move to the windy city, it was close to my interview. However, the problems just kept on coming. When I checked in (through hotels which locks you in by the way), not only did I reserve a king &quot;deluxe&quot; room which I guess I had assumed would include decent furniture and a clean carpet. It was not available and had been given to someone else since I had reserved &quot;online&quot;. Which I didn't, I reserved by telephone with the hotels, who are now refunding part of my fees. Making me feel much better. After complaining about this they moved me into yet another dingy room with a larger bed. The next day, I was ironing my white shirt for my interview that had a nice covering of rust that came off onto my shirt that I was supposed to be wearing within an hour. I called and asked for a replacement iron, and complained. The replacement took longer than 20 minutes to get and then did not even work! And the ironing board was quite soiled. . .at that rate it just didn't seem to matter. I called hotels and they told me that I could move into another hotel by talking with the Tremont. I requested this, and of course the Tremont refused. The next day, I asked if there was internet, and there wasn't. Good thing I didn't bring the laptop, since I found out later that they charge you per minute. I asked to borrow a telephone book, and they didn't have one available. I called the front desk, and asked how much their long distance rates are, and they told me at&amp;t rates. I said, oh, like 5-10 cents a minute? And front desk clerk said probably. The day I was leaving, after 4 nights, I awoke to find a $200 phone bill where I was getting billed at $1-$2 per minute! Where I could have just used my pre paid cell phone. I called the front desk, they put me on hold and never picked up again. So, I went downstairs. I told them that there was not any signage in the room about these fees and that the person I spoke to did not tell me it was this expensive. I told them I would not pay that bill, and finally expressed that I really try to maintain my anger as a trying Buddhist practicioner and this was really getting on my nerves. I was finally given some room to negotiate and ended up paying still a rip off sum of $50. I was also nicely informed that I should know that hotel telephone fees are expensive. And, by the way, the doorman does not always open the door for you. Not the most friendly atmosphere. All in all, it was absolutely horrible. I will never stay there again. Too bad I didn't take some photos	
Jul 12 2005	Really liked it! MUCH better than other reviewers claim!	I was dubious about staying at the Tremont based on so many reviewers slamming it here. What a pleasant surprise to find out that nearly all of the claims were gross exagerations. I've found this with a few other hotels that got less-than-stellar reviews on Trip Advisor--some people just love to whine and expect perfection and they seem to enjoy dramatizing things here.Sure, it's an older hotel, but it is absolutely charming and very romantic. The lobby has a quaint elegance, including comfortable leather couches and chairs and a piano. There was excellent free coffee served there each morning. The entrance to Ditka's restaurant is right off to the side of the entrance--I had the best burger of my life there.Our only check-in issue (if you can call it that) was that they seemed to have us booked for two hotel rooms instead of one--no problem! The pleasant and professional woman at check in just cancelled one room, checked us in for the other, and that was that. We stayed on the 12th floor, and despite there being only 1 elevator for the 16 floor hotel, we never had to wait long.The room was just fine and had a wonderful old world charm, complete with hanging prints and what looked like a fairly fresh coat of paint. There was NO peeling wallpaper in the room nor mold in the bathroom. The bedsheets were clean. I saw one tiny cigarette burn in the blanket on ONE day only, but big deal--you find that at many hotels. The A/C worked fantastically, the beds were extremely comfortable (I have a bad back and am picky about this) and the pillows were nice and fluffy. We had a gorgeous view of the city. The room did not smell at all--no mildew, nada.Maid service kept the room clean and neat. They were very prompt about cleaning the room as soon as we left for breakfast (and we got up later than most other guests every day.) Checkout was smooth and uneventful. The doorman was always ready and willing to call us a cab at a moment's notice.As for the lack of ice machine, all one had to do was go down to Ditka's restaurant (within the hotel) and ask for ice. They gave people paper buckets or cups of ice, depending on how much they needed--even after the restaurant was closed. Our only minor complaint was that we wished there had been more TV channels to choose from--not a big deal.The location is PRIME! You are right there in the middle of everything--across from Water Tower Place and walking distance to everything. Other than going to and from the airport, we only took a cab once the whole time. Walking and convenient subways took us everywhere. We will very likely go back to the Tremont--the price was right for that part of Chicago and location was perfect.	
Jul 10 2005	Holy Experience	I was originally booked here for five nights but moved out after three days!Let me explain!On arrival carried out an inspection of the room and checked the bedsheets. Although a previous reviewer had mentioned holes in the sheets, I was not prepared for what I found. Yes holes in the sheets, grubby carpet, damaged/stressed furniture and wallpaper peeling. The wall where the air conditioner was located was filthy.Checked the safe and noted that it was locked. I immediately went downstairs to complain and Gabriel the receptionist (initially a bit hesitant to give me his name when requested) was extremely helpful when I requested a change of sheets. On my return from dinner that evening the sheets had been changed so top marks for that. Safe was opened for me on the second day and to my surprise an expensive item of jewellry was found by me in the safe. I duly despatched this to the receptionist. I hoped that this would be returned to the loser, (obviously the previous occupant of the room). My requests for follow up (of the loser) over the next two days met with a less than satisfactory response. In fact the receptionist was unable to tell me the location of the local Police Dept. I met a cop downtown on the third day and passed my concerns on to him.Would I stay there again, most definitly NOT	
Jul 9 2005	Thought it was great!	I stayed in the Tremont and really found absolutely nothing wrong with it, contrary to what many previous reviewers found! Yes, it is an older building and not in absolutely pristine condition, but I found that its worn but still genteel appearance gave the establishment a charming character.My short stay was just fine. The room was small, but as I was staying alone, it was more than adequate. The staff were professional and helpful, and the location near the Hancock Building, the Water Tower, and Michigan Avenue was quite convenient. Absolutely no disappointment here -- I would much rather stay in a unique hotel with some personality to it than a sleek modern chain hotel that you forget as soon as you leave. Would definitely stay at The Tremont again.	
Jun 22 2005	Disappointed on my second visit	My daughter and I recently stayed at the Tremont and I would have to agree with the reviews I have been reading. Another daughter and I stayed at the Tremont three years ago and I was very impressed at that time. It appears that the rooms have received little if any sprucing up since then. The location is very handy and it has the potential to be a wonderful &quot;boutique&quot; hotel but it will require some investment from the owners. Our wallpaper was peeling, the armoire that holds the television appeared as if it had substantial water damage, the carpeting had holes. And, our thermostat made a very loud vibrating noice that awakened us every few minutes all night long. I did not encounter these maintenance issues on my previous visit, and actually have recommended The Tremont to many friends since then. I made a mental note to follow up with them to find out if they were as disappointed as I was on my second visit. We checked into The Drake on our second night and had a wonderful experience there.	
Jun 18 2005	Forewarned was forearmed	I got this hotel through Hotwire for $101 per night and was pretty nervous upon finding all of these scary reviews, since I had already prepaid for my two nights there. I was visiting Chicago with my three year old son and we had a wonderful time overall. Having read about hairs on the bedding, I was prepared and not too freaked out to find a long hair on one of the pillows and several on the blanket. I also found wallpaper coming up at several places in my room/bathroom, although it wasn't hanging off of the walls, as I imagined. Yes, a bit of mildew in the bathtub corners and missing tiles along the bathroom floor. However, the staff was very pleasant and helpful. Upon checking the room, I found that one of the bedside lamps did not work and they brought a new one while we were at dinner. We had to leave our bags and were told, quite apologetically, that there was a $3 per bag charge. It's a shame, because you can tell that it was a very nice hotel at one time and with some sprucing up, could easily be once more. The location was unbeatable and we took advantage of the new free trolleys that take you virtually anywhere you would want to go.	
Jun 9 2005 	dump	This place is the worst value I have encountered in all my travels in the US. Dirty towels in the room, garbage left in the waste baskets, no in-room coffee maker, no bottled water, exaggerated claims about a &quot;fitness facility&quot;, and it's in the dark ages with respect to internet access.	
Jun 5 2005	Not Bad	I was skeptical about staying at the Tremont after reading all the reviews, but it wasn’t too bad. Yes, the hotel is old and dark and definitely not a 4-star hotel but the location is great and for the price we paid we couldn’t complain. Our room was small but it was clean and the bathroom was renovated and very clean. If you are going to Chicago to enjoy the city, smart choice if you get a good deal, but if you plan to stay in your room while in Chicago then stay elsewhere. Oh, I did get charged $2 for making a 1-800 call.	
May 20 2005	uck!	This place is a dump. I love Chicago and wanted to stay downtown, but I won't stay here again. The plaster and wall paper are coming down, the bed's lumpy. The room was nothing like clean. Go elsewhere.	
Apr 27 2005	big mistake!	The only good thing I have to say about the Tremont is: good location and Ditka's restaurant in the hotel was good. When we arrived we discovered you must pay $38.00 a day for valet parking or drag your luggage for two blocks.  We arrived at 2:50 but were told check in was 3:00 and we would have to wait. The staff was VERY unfriendly and were almost rude. There is only one elevator for 16 floors so we always had a long wait. Our room was 80* but the ac wasn't turned on yet for the season so we opened the window and prayed a breeze would come in. There are no vending or ice machines and when we requested ice- they were sending it up and it never arrived. They do not have coffee makers in the room but there is a Starbucks right across the street.(wink wink) could there be a connection. The overall look of the hotel is dark,shabby, dirty, peeling wallpaper, the mirror in our room was broken and someone had duct taped all the cracks. My advice -GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!!	
Apr 9 2005	Great Deal Perfect Location 	I am so happy that I picked Tremont Hotel where my husband and I stayed for 4 days. Unlike other reviewers, we were very sartisfied with the hotel. Yes, hotel was not new, but they keep room and bathroom very clean every day. With perfect location, the price was really reasonable!! People at hotel were nice, especially a valet parking guy! Anyway, all things considered, I rate Tremont Hotel &quot;Excellent&quot;!	
Apr 3 2005	great location freindly hotel	The hotel is in a fantastic location and i can not fail it in any way .the rooms are clean wall paper could do with bit off paint but we where never in hotel long enought to see what any off the below complaints are all about , the sports bar next day sold the best meals in chicago we found and everyone was so friendly Hightly recommend this to anyone.	
Apr 3 2005 	Don't pay Rack rate	Priceline put me here - at $85 for one night. Was terribly worried after reading these reviews. Don't worry - it's got its charms and isn't dirty. But don't pay a full rack rate either - or you're getting screwed! Pros: location. One block from Watertower, which is gold coast/mag mile perfect. Lovely lobby, nice staff, reasonably sized room, clean (and that I'm ridiculously picky about). Cons: upstairs is definitely in need of the renovation others talk about. Just looks shabby (peeling paint/paper, broken shades). And the rooms do have an odd smell (one night didn't bother me, but a week might) that I now need to purge from my clothes. Long story short: it's just old and in need of some TLC. It's not an amenities-plush new hotel. But it's clean and the real estate is what you're paying for.	
Mar 11 2005	Bad News	Pros:-Location-Price ($50 on Priceline)Cons:-Dirty rooms-Poor customer serviceYou be the judge. I'd stay here only if you get a good deal on Priceline; otherwise, don't waste your money. Rooms were filthy and staff couldn't care less.	
Feb 10 2005 	Really not that bad	We stayed at the Tremont the first weekend in Feb 2005 and I thought it was ok! It wasn't the best hotel I've ever stayed in but it was clean and the location just can't be beat!!!! Yea, the wallpaper was peeling but WHO CARES?? It's wallpaper. The shower/tub was clean...no mold. The water pressure was better than most! The floor did seem a little dirty. The carpet probably could stand to be replaced. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful!!! The room overall was ok and I do believe I would stay there again. I'm a woman who has a very clean and orderly house but I understand that that not all hotels are going to be just like home.  Again, the location simply couldn't be any better. We were literally a half a block to the John Hancock building, which by the way has an awesome view from the top!!! Michigan Avenue was a half a block away and there was a Starbucks right across the street!!!! I also had no idea how close Rush street was. We were able to walk to all of the bars on Rush! It was great! Mike Ditka's is right next door to the hotel. You don't even have to leave the hotel to get to it. It's connected! We had lunch there and the place was packed and really good!  If you are not high maintenace then I think this place will work for you! 	
Jan 30 2005	good for the price	I paid $78 for a two bedroom suite one block from Michigan, and most times a room can be had for around $130. Yes it is old and the furniture worn but the room was clean and the baths newly remodeled. My suite also had a full kitchen. I don't go to Chicago to sit in my room and marvel at the ammenities. You need to pay at least $275 a night to get the kind of accomodations many other commenters seem to need. For a decent room in a great location this is fine.	
Jan 20 2005	Horrible	This is a horrible hotel--- when you first walk in it seems like it might be a nice boutique hotel, but when you look more closely, the furniture is all chipped or warping, the place is not very clean, and the staff at the front desk are not friendly or helpful.I booked this for my wife's birthday thinking it would be nice, given it's location (which is admittedly excellent). It was a very very big disappointment.	
Jan 13 2005	Just plain awful	The Tremont Hotel is just plain awful! The first room that I was given at the hotel smelled like a bar at closing time. Smoke generally doesn't bother me, but this room smelled like it needed to be aired out for a month. When I returned to the front desk to seek resolution of the problem, I was advised that it was a &quot;non-smoking&quot; room, so it could not possibly have the problem that I reported. Following reassignment to a &quot;smoking room&quot; (without a hint of smoke), I learned of various other problems at this hotel. The room had a broken mirror door on the closet. Rather than repair the large break or replace the door, the hotel had placed scotch tape over the jagged glass edge. The scotch tape clearly had been there for a while.The furniture pulls in the room had broken off (drawers and doors). Rather than repairing them, the pulls were simply placed inside the furniture, screws and all. Why someone didn't take the 5 minutes required to repair such a minor problem is a mystery to me.The filter placed across the vent in the bathroom was absolutely caked with dust, etc. Unfortunately, it was placed directly above the bathroom vanity, so there was no escaping the clumps of dust that occasionally dislodged from the old, overtaxed filter.No bottled water was provided in the room. I don't even think the hotel provided an ice bucket and I never found vending machines on my floor.The iron in my room was broken and the ironing board cover was heavily soiled. I requested replacement of both. Someone on housekeeping staff brought up an iron that was missing buttons and an ironing board with a cover that was somewhat less soiled.Yes, it's close to Michigan Avenue and that's great, because you'll often find yourself wanting to escape from the hotel.	
Jan 13 2005	Clearly Problems	I knew going in it was a lower-end ($119 in downtown Chicago), older hotel in a great location. I hadn't been to TripAdvisor at that point, so I didn't know what other thoughts (although clearly it's not a 4 star hotel as TripAdvisor states). Lobby was clean and drab. An attempt is made to make it better, but it is what it is - old and utilitarian. The staff was nice -- clearly it's not the staff it's the owners or management that are cutting costs to the bone.The elevator smells of menthol and cigars. The small main room smelled fresh was generally clean except for a few small stains and dirt in places like the switch covers and visible floor behind the corner TV stand was clearly not vacuumed recently. The bathroom tub was clean, but there was mold in the corners. The bed was not comfortable. There were not enough towels. There were no glasses in the room -- none.I wanted to give it a 2, but I have to give it a one. The dirt and the lack of glasses demonstrate no attempt. A few minor changes and it probably would be a two.There are other better choices.	
Jan 1 2005	A little bit dissappointed overall satisfied	My husband and I along with my mother stayed at this hotel for a holiday trip to Chicago. I got a very reasonable rate from a internet hotel web site and for the price I paid, the hotel was ok. It is a older hotel, you can see the wear within the hotel and the rooms. Rooms had not been updated for a very long time. The bed I would have to say was the worst, I could feel the springs within the mattress. Although the bathroom was new and the room was overall very clean. The only problems were with the decor itself. Ex: Peeling wallpaper, cracked mirror and fixed with duct tape, very old carpet (I wore slippers the whole time). Amenties are very limitied. No in room coffee maker or mini bar. On a lighter note, the location is Fabulous. You are half a block walking distance from both Michigan (sits diagional from Water Tower Place) and from Rush Street. The hotel does have a very private, quaint atmosphere about it, I just wish the rooms were a little bit more updated. The Staff (both front desk and bellman) were VERY friendly and welcoming. Overall, we were happy with our stay!	
Nov 29 2004	Stay at the Drake!	Just Terrible! We paid $300 through Hotwire, which I now know is much too high. Our first room (which wasn't ready when we checked in at 3), was just awful. The mirror on the closet was broken, and fixed with a healthy dose of duct tape. There weren't enough towels or cups (only enough for one person), and the room itself was dirty- hair on the bed, and blood on the walls. The internet (at a whopping $20 an hour!!) was useless as the jack was out of the wall and on the floor. The curtains were dusty and there was dirt on the walls and ceiling. The staff was very nice about allowing us to change rooms. Our second room wasn't much better. Somewhat cleaner, but still shabby (peeling wallpaper, stained carpet). Our linens were a mess- cigarette burns on the comforter, and holes in the sheets (some large, some small- we could see the mattress through one of the holes in the sheets!) They claim to have mini bars, but they don't stock them. Instead, our mini-bar was defrosting all over our carpet. Also, the hotel has several flags hanging outside the building. They don't take the flags down at night (a protocol no-no), and if there is wind (likely in Chicago), the flag poles clang and rattle all night. Not very nice.On the plus side- the location is great. Chestnut street is fairly quiet for the area, and you can't beat the views of the area.	
Nov 17 2004	Would Look Else Where	Oh my God... We first booked w/ The Raphael Hotel, got there and they overbooked, so they moved us to their sister hotel, The Tremont, which i heard was a better hotel. So if this was better than the Raphael, then I'm thankful.. They put us in a tiny corner room, the size of my smaller bedroom in our apt, thats pretty small! The bathroom was the nicest place in there. Everything was extremely old, it all needed to be remodeled. For the price of $ 150.00 i wish i had looked around more, but now i now and will not go back	
Nov 15 2004	Nothing to write home about!!!	My mother and I stayed in this hotel for the weekend. I had read all the reviews the day before going and was simply terrified. I tried to brace my mother for the worst because I didn't know what to expect. When we arrived the lighting in the lobby was dark, but it was okay. Once we got checked in and went up to the room. The room was small but it was clean, the bedding didn't match. But with a can of Lysol to spray on the bedding, all was well. The best advise I can give is do not use valet, park on the next corner in the public ramp. You'll have to walk a block or two to the hotel but it's $23 a night versus $38 valet. Breakfast at the Temple Cafe on the corner was wonderful. Be prepared to wait!!! Oh, the free trolley will get you to Sears Tower the Museum Park etc. We weren't in the hotel much so it served it's purpose. The location is perfect..	
Nov 2 2004	insist on low rate	The nicest word I can use is &quot;shabby&quot; as far as the decor is concerned. The location is fabulous and if you don't have to pay too much for a room, its satisfactory. The staff - what there is of it - is nice enough - slow to do whatever they do. The fact that there is a restaurant right next door is nice if one is traveling alone. The woman bar-tender there is terrific and if you are a woman alone, you can feel very comfortable seated at the bar.	
Oct 30 2004	OK only if you get a low rate	The key here is the value you get for the rate you pay. If you get this hotel through Priceline or other internet service, you will probably be satisfied, because you are knowingly accepting a lower quality rating for a lower rate, in this particular location. If you pay published rates, then I can't imagine being happy with this hotel at all. There's just too many other choices out there. The Tremont is quiet, ideally located in the Rush St. neighborhood, quaint and charming. The rooms have a certain character, very appealing but the carpets are in dire need of cleaning or replacing. For this reason alone this hotel doesn't belong in a 3 star quality level - one expects 3 stars to be clean. The staff is very cordial and pleasant and will do their best to accommodate you, but let's face it, they don't have much to work with. I envision this hotel to be best suited to the more adventurous - young couples or college students, artistic types. or business travellers on a budget.Not a good choice for families.	
Oct 17 2004	Won't stay again	October 15th we spent the night at the Tremont in Chicago. Never again! Staff was nice enough, but the room was dirty and falling apart. Paint chipping, soiled chairs, mold in the shower, not enough towels, etc. Web site is very misleading, absolutely nothing like what you get. It shouldn't be rated as a 3 star, it barely makes it as a 1 star. Traveler be ware.	
Oct 12 2004	Good value	Clean and wonderfully located. It clearly hasn't been decorated in a few years but our room was certainly nowhere near as bad as indicated in other reviews. Would certainly go back, but if you're expecting 1000 sq ft rooms this isn't for you...	
Oct 12 2004	Lakcing in every aspect - Dire Need of renovation	Just spend the night with my husband who was attending a trade show. In a word, AWEFUL.stains on the curtains, stains on bed spreads and stained and peeling wall paper.Drapes had ripe at the bottem hem and we were only given 1 bar of soap for both wash basin and shower area. Pretty shameful considering it was a $179 / nt room. I travel in my business quite alot in other parts of the country - never stayed in such a hotel in dire need of an overhaul. Quaint - sure if we only paid $80 - AWEFUL, yes, because we were charged so much during this busy month.Valet parking was a joke - waited 15 minutes for someone to give my keys to. No room service or restaurant for breakfast/lunch. Pathetic!	
Oct 11 2004	Worst hotel we have stayed in ... ever	We stayed in the Tremont for 4 nights in early October and it was the worst hotel we have ever stayed in. The first room we were given was tiny, cold, dingy, and the wallpaper was hanging off the walls in several places. On asking to be moved, the second room was not much better though slightly larger and lighter due to its 14th floor location. The tv didn't work, the carpets were filthy, there was a very unpleasant stain on the sheets, one of the blinds was broken, and the bathroom was from the 70s! We asked to be moved again but were told the hotel was full. I expect good value for money but this hotel really takes the mickey. The saving grace was the location which was fantastic but I would never stay at this hotel again or recommend it to anyone. The pictures published on the website bear no resemblance to what you get ... be warned!	
Aug 30 2004	Awaiting our next trip	We stayed in The Tremont in April, we booked first then read the reviews, and we like others were a bit apprehensive before we travelled. We would not hesitate to go back here! The staff and location were great. The staff were very helpful, our room was clean and the bed was comfortable - what more could you want!!	
Aug 25 2004	Have stayed in much nicer	Stayed over the weekend of August 20 - 22 for the Chicago Air Show. We checked in on Friday morning and was advised that check in was not until 3:00 p.m.. I informed the desk that would be fine but I would leave my bags here. They have a sign that reads $3.00 charge per checked bags to be stored. NO OTHER hotel I have stayed in ever charged to hold my bags. I found this to be the worst practice I have ever seen. We were able to get our room right away. The room was small with a major crack in the ceiling with a piece of the ceiling hanging down over the doorway to the bathroom. The controls for the air were behind the cabinet with TV, if my husband and not been their I could not have moved the TV my self. The bathroom had wallpaper coming off and cracks and holes in the window in the shower area.The hotel is located in a perfect spot and with a little care it could be one of the best hotels. When we returned Friday afternoon to the hotel they had luggage lined up down the entry way to the elevator and into the lobby. (I hope this is not what they were charging the $3.00 per bag for because anybody could have taken any bag there. NO one was watching the bags or seeing who was coming and going.) Elevator did not work on Saturday morning and we were on the 9th floor. Another hotel guest told us the elevator was not working there was a sign down in the lobby after we waited about 10 minutes. We then took the Service elevator down.	
Aug 2 2004	Very pleasant stay	Just came back from a fine stay at the Tremont for two nights. I was a little nervous as others have been after reading the reviews, but was pleasantly surprised. We parked in a parking garage on Delaware one block away to avoid the $40 valet charge. Still $25/day, but not bad. Check in was very pleasant. Had two rooms booked on hotwire. Be advised that the hotel pretty much has only single bed rooms only. We were given two rooms, one with a large king bed and one with a queen, both on the third floor so we could be on the same floor. There is only one elevator and it can be slow, but being on the third floor made for an easy trip on the stairs behind the lobby, if you don't mind seeing the kitchen on your way up. The rooms were well decorated I thought, and both had CD players as advertised. Views can vary, one room had a great view of Chestnut St and another the back of the place. Both rooms were very clean. Be advised, they are small though, but that's to be expected. There were some minor spots of peeling paint, but nothing major and nothing that looked unusual for an older hotel. The location can not be beat, we had a close walk to the El, Rush/Division restaurants nightlife. I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again, especially at hotwire prices.	
Jul 11 2004	The Tremont Hotel is quaint and cozy. Our stay there was very pleasant!	My daughter and I spent the 4th through the 9th of July 2004 there and throughly enjoyed our accomodations, especially after reading several reviews that slammed the hotel. It was built in 1929 and reflects that period, as one should expect, but that does not mean it is a dump. The staff was polite and helpful. We shared a comfortable queen size bed and had a view of the John Hancock Center from our window. The water in the shower was hot and plentiful. The television screen was large and offered cable and pay-for-view. The room was clean and cozy. We were half a block away from Water Tower Place on Michigan Avenue. Our room was on the fourth floor and it was so quiet, I often wondered if the other rooms had occupants. In regards to the changing of linen so many have mentioned in their reviews, the rooms on our floor were cleaned daily and the bedding was changed. I do not change my bedding on a nightly basis at home. Therefore, I do not expect the hotel staff to do so. I requested housekeeping refrain from changing our bedding daily, or they would have. This practice wastes water and is unnecessary, unless one has had an accident in the bed. There are no accessible ice machines, but one may ask Room Service to bring some, or make a quick trip to the front desk and ask for it. In conclusion, I found a great price on the internet and considering the inflated prices of the neighboring hotels, it was a bargain. I received a good value for my money. I would definitely stay there again and will always remember our stay with fondness.	
Jun 30 2004	Awful	Booked two rooms on hotwire...hotel only had one room when we arrived and it was horrible with only one single bed...the management was surly and didn't give a rat's rearend...and said I could go elsewhere if I didn't like it... management also said what do I expect when booking from hotwire...	
Jun 30 2004	Wannabe Rock Stars	The Tremont is in a great location - our room had a fabulous view of the Hancock Building, and I know that as with all real estate, desireability is based upon Location, location, location. That, however, does not make up for water coming from nowhere on the bathroom floor and the wannabe rock stars screaming in the hallway at 4am. Low prices in this locations seem to bring in rather seedy individuals who do not know how to conduct themselves. We'll be going elsewhere on our next visit to the Windy City.	
Jun 22 2004	Great visit	We were very nervous about this hotel after reading reviews on this and other various websites. However, we were very pleased with the hotel. It was an excellent deal and had excellent service. The room was clean and the hotel staff was very nice. Those that are complaining must have paid full price ($200) for the rooms. At a discount rate, you can't beat this hotel. The rooms are not enormous if you have a large room. The hotel shows wear, but was still in good condition. It is only one block off the Magnificent Mile. It was very quiet and convenient to many attractions of the city. We have stayed in many hotels from inexpensive to very expensive and this is definitely above average. We would be glad to stay here again. 	
Jun 21 2004	Don't listen to the naysayers - it's grand	I booked on Hotwire, and when the hotel name was revealed, I read reviews on Tripadvisor and got scared!Unnecessarily so. I travel a lot, and this hotel was nicer and cleaner than many chain hotels I've been in in the US. Tiny bit of paint peeling in the bathroom, but a great shower, great maid service, friendly staff.The only people who might not like the Tremont are those who only ever stay in Hyatts, and have never traveled much.Room was ample size, next to elevator which was quiet, with a lovely view of the Hancock Tower and the Lake. 1/2 block from Rush Street and from the Hancock Tower, 1 1/2 blocks from the free trolley at Water Tower Place. The location cannot be beat.	
May 24 2004	Good value given the location	I've stayed here a few times over the last 3 years and it has been fine for the price. If you're looking for a luxury boutique hotel this isn't it. If you don't mind an older property that got it's last extensive renovation about 20 years ago--and you're looking for a great value for the location then you've found the right place. I've gotten rates on-line as low as $60 per night--a cheap motel in the suburbs is almost that much. The rooms I've stayed in have been adequate: the furniture a bit worn and some cracked plaster here and there--but certainly not a dump and much better than a budget motel elsewhere in town. The staff has been helpful and polite. Complimentary pastries and coffee are offered in the lovely old lobby in the morning. Some friends of mine from California stayed here last year and they thought it was fine too. And you're half a block from frou-frou Michigan Avenue where some of the hotel rooms are three or four (or more) times the price! The money I save goes towards fine dining or shopping at Marshall Field's.	
May 21 2004	It's not that bad but not great either	I think opinions of this hotel depend a lot on what level of hotels you normally stay in, so bear in mind that I usually check into budget accomodations like Quality Inn and Travelodge. I also view a hotel/motel as little more than a place to sleep, shower, and store some of my stuff while I am out all day. From that perspective, the Tremont Chicago is not that bad (though not great either). There is a certain level of class and charm, but there is also a certain level of wear and tear. The furniture was well-worn, the wallpaper and paint were peeling, the bedspread was dingy, and yes, the mold and mildew stains around the air vent were disconcerting. I just returned from this trip, and fortunately at this time of the year it's possible to get by without using heating or cooling. Which was a good thing, as I was not able to get either to work satisfactorily. The window was constantly fogged and dripping condensate, so obviously not well-sealed, I woke up cold a couple mornings. Window coverings were fussy to deal with. Allegedly they will change the sheets each day if you specify, I did not pursue this. They did replace towels and wash cloths each day. Tub shower has the pressure of a fire hose, which is better than the dribble you get some places, but the drain cannot hope to keep up, so you will stand in an inch or two of water. I didn't use the CD player but it was newish and probably worked. Was happy to see a hair dryer in the bathroom and an iron and ironing board. The compact fluorescent bulbs they use are dim, so if you have difficulty seeing in low light, you may want to bring or buy a higher-wattage incandescent for one of the lamps. Mini fridge was built into a piece of mohogany furniture (which also housed the TV and stereo, and some drawers). This seemed clever, but the door did not seal well at all, so it did not keep things &quot;cold&quot; so much as &quot;coolish&quot;. I had a room next to the elevator, but was never bothered by the noise... neighbors beside, above, and below were louder than the elevator, though only occasional bumps and thumps. The ONE small elevator is slow, but only a couple times did I have to wait what I thought was an extraordinarily long time. One morning they were working on the elevator, but we could use the service elevator, so this was not too problematic. I had very little interaction with the staff, but they seemed ok, though not exactly waiting on you hand-and-foot. One thing to note, the images of rooms shown on their website are not the typical rooms. Unless you are in a penthouse suite, your room will be much smaller, only one small window, tiny bath, etc. My room had the bed, one small nightstand, a small table and chair, a padded chair and footrest, and the media cabinet thing with the TV, stereo, and fridge. As other reviewers have said, the best thing this hotel has going for it is location. One block west of Michigan Avenue, near the John Hancock building (which I could see from my window). Two or three blocks down Michigan Ave is a 24-hour Walgreens. The Chicago Ave/State St Red Line &quot;L&quot; stop is about four blocks away to the southwest. Besides all the shopping on the Magnificent Mile, there are numerous restaurants in the area in all price ranges. As far as staying there again, if it was a good deal I would probably stay at the Tremont again, but if another hotel was about the same price and similar location, I would try that instead.	
May 10 2004	Shame on Travelocity	Shame on Travelocity for allowing this hotel as a last minute deal.....hotel website and descriptions are absolute lies. The room was filthy, old, and depressing....no air circulation, kept the window open the entire time just to breathe, and stayed out of the room as long as possible. Big wad of GUM stuck to a pillow sham....the entire experience was unacceptable.	
Apr 3 2004	Don't	Ooh, don't stay here. A client of ours from California had me book him a hotel in Chicago, and I thought I was getting a good rate on a botique hotel here in town. Wrong! According to our client, the place is a dump. He said he could tell as soon as he saw the lobby. I was so embarrassed. He hasn't had me book a hotel since.	
Feb 27 2004	You won't get what you are promised.	We booked a room with 2 double beds for a girls weekend and ended up getting 2 single beds, with no price exception or anything. The air vents were filthy which made me feel like I was probably breathing in soot. No CD player or Coffe Maker as prmised in the room. Not to mention that there are no ice dispensers on the floor so you have to request room service and they take FOREVER! GOod location and price, but jeez, don't lie to me about what I am getting! I will not go back.	
Feb 22 2004	Good Price But In Bad Shape	We visited the hotel in Feb.'03 and found it to be in bas repair. We moved once due the room being dirty and in speaking with others in the elevator, we found some people had to move 3 times to get a room that had heat and was remotely clean. Cleaning is a big problem, I can stand out of date features if the place is clean. But this is a problem at this hotel. It is a great location being one block from Michigan Ave. But I would not recommend it and will not stay there again.	
Feb 6 2004	Quaility Slipping	A recent 3 day stay was disappointing. Upon arrival we were told the room type we had reserved (a suite) was not available because previous guests had decided to stay. After a 2 hour wait we were placed in the adjoining Tremont Suites. The room, while a suite, was very dingy, worn (holes in the carpet), dirty (food crumbs on floor from pervious guests, mold on shower tiles, etc.). Below our room was the dumpster for the adjoining restaurant so we got to hear the lid on that banging away late at night. The staff was moderately to poor. No assistance with luggage when we arrived. Valet parking attendant was sent to help with luggage when we departed. Sheets were not changed between the 2 and 3 days. We had to ask for an alarm clock, glasses and wash cloths. Room cleaning was late -- and we decided not to use glasses in the small kitchen area when we witnessed the cleaning person rinse out dirty glasses with warm water, wipe them off with a towel and place them back in the cubboard. All in all I think we will find another favorite hotel for our next trip to Chicago.	
Jan 19 2004	Tremont great value	Just spent 4 days at Tremont. Used hotwire for great deal. Was scared by - reviews on this site. They were wrong, Tremont is nice hotel. Stereo with remote in room (Sony). Great bathroom with thermostat on shower! Even if it was a dump it is hard to beat location 1/2block from Water tower. Never waited for elevator more than a minute. Once while waiting was taken by staffer up service elevator so as not to wait. Ice thing no brainer. Who wouldn't rather have ice delivered than getting out and getting it ones self. Nothing did not work in our room.	
Jan 17 2004	Yipes....what misleading ads!!!	My husband and I just returned from our honeymoon in Chicago and five days at the Tremont.....NEVER AGAIN.We are both middle aged and have actually lived in Chicago, so we were familiar with the area. We wanted to stay near the Magnificant Mile and the ads for the Tremont sounded lovely.....WRONGThe ads online are not true. No coffee makers in the rooms, paint and wall paper peeling, heat doesn't work (frost on our windows so thick we needed an ice scraper), someone attempting to enter our room at night (very scary), keys kept getting deactivated (staff made that our fault) terrible lighting, phone message system doesn't work correctly....and I could go on and on.Really a dreadful place.....AVOID IT.	
Dec 9 2003	Will never go back	I was so surprised considering the location. I understand the small rooms in an older hotel but I was shocked by the condition of the room. Peeling wall paper, a torn bedspread, marks on the walls, badly stained carpet and chairs. One window covering did not work. No room service. If we were planning to stay more than one night I would have left. The only nice thing I can say is the staff was pleasant.	
Dec 7 2003 	Worst Hotel near North Michigan Ave.	The location of this hotel cannot be beat. That is the only thing going for it. This hotel is part of the Starwood chain. They refuse to brand it as such due to the poor condition it is in. The website pictures of this hotel have to be several years old. Checked in, went to room, it was filty. From the water stains, to the oily, matted carpet to the dead bugs in the curtains. Asked to move to another room. It had leaked water from a drain, floor was moldy, wall A/C vents were black with several months of dirt. Windows had gresay head marks. Sheets and one bath towel had holes in them. Noise is a huge issue, when standing in the room, you can hear guests shoes shuffling on the floor as they walk down the hall. The doors rattle in their frames from the vibration of someone walking by. After two rooms in similiar disrepair, I asked for my money back, gathered my bags and moved to another hotel. One positive note, staff was very understanding of how I felt, apologized and politely refunded by money. They, off the record, acknowledged the poor condition and noted that the hotel owners felt that the hotel location would draw guests despite condition. Not this guest!	
Dec 3 2003	A big dissapointment!	Our rooms were a real let down, dirty sheets, and curtains, thick dust on and around the room. I wouldn't recommend this to anybody!	
Nov 26 2003 	You Could Do Much Better	The warm, nicely appointed lobby doesn't prepare you for what lies upstairs. My first room: cracked and falling plaster, broken glass in the window, busted blinds, furniture in awful shape (badly scuffed with broken draws), carpet had ground in dirt, bathtub mildewed. I asked for a different room and this one was similar but did not smell as bad. There is one small elevator that is very slow. There are no ice machines so prepare for a long wait to have someone bring it up to you (25 minutes). If &quot;quaint&quot; means dirty, unkept and uncomfortable, then this hotel ranks right up there with the quaintest. The location is great and the staff was friendly, and the common areas are classy, but for the money, there are much better places to stay.	
Nov 26 2003	OVERRATED: reviews are misleading	We travel to Chicago 15-20 times per year for weekend trips and stay at many of the hotels in town. Based on write-ups of this hotel (and a cheap Expedia deal) we decided to give it a try. What a letdown! This place was actually billed as the &quot;most romantic hotel in Chicago&quot; by someone??? What a lie! The furnishings are a la 1965. There was hole in the wall of the bathroom near the baseboard...big..tiles falling out. There were 3 burned out lightbulbs in the room. And there were No rooms available at check-in time (3:00pm) so we had to wait an hour...what made us laugh was the gang of 4 housekeepers lounging around laughing in one of the other rooms when we were finally allowed to check in...get it together girls! There is only ONE TINY elevator serving all floors (10?, 12?), so you can imagine what checkout time is like in the tiny cramped frontdesk area. You can do SO MUCH better than this in Chicago. Even with a discount rate, we would never return, and the regular rack rates are ridiculously high...you could get REAL luxury for the prices they ask. Hunt around online, you'll find far better places to stay, even around the Mag Mile. I don't know who this place is paying off, but I can't imagine anyone short of the Flintstones finding this decaying wreck &quot;romantic&quot;! Sloppy staff, shabby rooms. Shame, shame.	
Oct 29 2003	Not bad for the price	I stayed at the Tremont for two days on a last-minute package buy (and a great deal it was)!The location cannot be beat -- close by the trains and Michigan Avenue. Yes, the rooms are smallish, and the furnishings/carpet have seen better days, but it's nothing horrible. Everything worked, the room was clean and neat, and despite the location of my room (directly beside the elevator), relatively quiet and comfortable, especially for one person who was not going to spend much time in the room other than to sleep and bathe.In fact, I'd recommend requesting a room beside the elevator again, as the odd shape of the room (the bathroom is behind the elevator shaft) gave it a little more space. It would be great to have a coffeemaker in the rooms, but counterspace is at a premium, so I understand why they're not there.The staff is wonderful -- exceedingly friendly, helpful, and welcoming. They get five stars!The only thing that keeps me from giving the property two enthusiastic thumbs up is that there was a noticeable amount of mold and dust around the ventilation duct covers, along the ceiling line room. Whether that was due to my waking up the morning of my departure with badly swollen eyes or not I cannot say, but it does make me hesitate. I intend on writing the property to make them aware of my concerns.Otherwise, a great price and a fabulous location. I would not reject it out of hand, unless you absolutely demand top of the line everything (in which case, you'll have to spend more money and stay someplace else, anyway).	
Oct 27 2003	Do not at the Tremont	We stayed at the Tremont a few months ago and were very disappointed with our accomodations. We found the room to be unkept and outdated even though we were told it had been recently renovated. Our bathroom door was broken (would not close completely) we reported it and were ignored. Our television did not work very well, the repairman came to look at it but said he couldn't do anything with it. The elevator was dirty and extremely slow. The only good things I can say about the Tremont is that it is connected to Mike Ditkas where we had wonderful food and atmosphere and it is one block from Michigan Avenue. Beware, do not stay here unless you are looking for a hotel that will thoroughly disappont you.	
Oct 24 2003	TreDON'T Hotel instead of Tremont Hotel	The worst hotel we have ever stayed at! I am not sure who writes the review for Frommer's but, he or she,had to be thinking about a different hotel when they wrote the review.The lobby was small but well kept and clean.The elevator was old and slow.The room was small and cramped, with poorly kept,dirty,and moldy furniture.The room was dark and gloomy.It was difficult to read in the room because of poor lighting.There was NOTHING romantic about the hotel or the room.I didn't see any flowers anywhere.The TV was not working right and because of it I missed some of the games between the Yankees and the Marlins.The minibar was empty and unplugged. The room was extremely hot ,even with the open windows.The bathroom was small and it felt dirty.We had to endure three nights in this hotel because all the other hotels were full.The fourth day we were able to find a room at the Sofitel which was close by and we decided to move even though we were charged an extra $189 for early departure!I am not sure how Frommer's(2003) can give the same rating of two stars to both hotels.If I had payed $57 dollars a night like some people I may have tolerated all the inconveniences(only if the tax was already included in the $57).We really enjoyed the city and we will go back in the future,as long as we do not have to stay at the Tremont hotel.	
Oct 17 2003	Four "circles" for great value	My wife and I stayed here one weekend in May after booking through priceline for only about $60. I used to work just a few blocks from the hotel, so I knew we had a great location and I knew the other big hotels in the area would charge much more than twice this rate, so we were quite happy. The service was fine, the old elevator worked, and the room was clean and charming. We had an east view looking straight across at the Hancock tower and plaza, as well as a little sliver of the Lake. Very nice! I found overnight street parking a couple blocks away, so we didn't have to pay for that either.It seems there are very mixed reviews of this hotel--the many people who got an internet deal for $50-60 obviously loved the place, but those who paid regular rates didn't get as much of a value. I suppose staying there just one day also didn't expose us to as many housekeeping and service pitfalls. Overall, I'd highly recommend it if you get a deal as good as mine and some previous reviewers'.	
Oct 15 2003	grim and ghastly	Booked unseen through hotrooms at last minute for $149 and our sinking feeling on entering horrid dark lobby was justified. Just one night, thankfully. One tiny elevator for 14 floors, general feeling that nothing had been touched for 20 years. Room had filthy vents - didn't dare to have the aircon. on, mildew on walls, shower hardly worked, grubby bathtub, cracked, stained lampshade and cigarette hole in sheet. Smell of steakhouse below wafted up to window on 8th floor. YUK- steer clear. Rest of Chicago absolutely superb, just keep away from this hotel. NB I'll always, always read reviews first in future.	
Oct 6 2003	Pleasantly Surprised.	Like many others, I too read the negitive reviews and was unsure what awaited my arrival. Upon walking through the front door I was impressed by the lobby and it's cozyness, it did remind my of an European hotel, the rich wood and the charm of the entryway was quite appealing. The hotel staff was equally as warm and friendly, as well as helpful. By this being a small cozy hotel, there is only one elevator, but we found the wait to be no longer than what we would have waited at a larger hotel with more elevators. The rooms were clean and large enough to move around it quite nicely, the bedroom was separated from the bathroom by 2 doors; one for the sink area another for the toilet and shower. No ice-machines on the floors, but the front desk delivered faster than I could have walked down the hallway to retrive any and was happy to do so. We stayed here with two other couples and they had an enjoyable experience as well. We also meet many other people from other parts of the country as well some from overseas who had stayed at the Tremont before and had returned for another stay. (can not be too bad) Do not be discourage by a few negitive comments, the Tremont has well over 100 rooms, being occupied everyday. If it was a terrible place to stay, there would be many more negitive comments. We booked the hotel for $57.00 a night, (through Hotwire) and for the price it was truely worth it, and worthy of much more. Granted it was not perfect, but any hotel can have a few faults if one looks hard enough. I would stay again. For the location (100 yards from Michigan Ave.) and the price it was the best choice we could have made.	
Aug 27 2003	Keep Looking - Dirty and a Ripoff	It was a surprise at every turn for our family weekend in August 2003, and each surprise was bad. The room we were promised with 2 beds for our family of four had one. The only option was a forced upgrade to a suite for $50 more per night.The suite had a king bed, and a sagging couch which obstensibly offered a double bed, but functioned as a one person hammock. So someone slept on the floor each night.There is one elevator that is highly overworked and exceptionally slow.Staff seemed indifferent, and each call required followup for action.The place is very tired and needs work. Paint and wallpaper is peeling.Do yourself a favor, keep looking.	
Jul 25 2003	Tremont----NOT!	 My wife and I attempted to stay at the Tremont in June 2003. It took 15 minutes to get our car checked in at the Valet at 1:00 on a Friday. When I entered the Hotel I was nervous. Very dark and small. During check-in, I noticed a card at the desk that said room service was only until 2:00 PM. Yes, that's PM and not AM. When we got into the room it was very small and old. The room was clean but not sparkling. The mini bar was stocked with beer and pop only. We called down to the front desk and checked out. If you are looking for a place to sleep that is close to Michigan Avenue there are better options. The Four Seasons and the Ritz are awesome, and the Omni is very nice. Mike Ditk's resturant is a nice place to eat but the hotel is weak. 	
Jul 23 2003	Never again	My husband and I were so disappointed with this hotel. We weren't sure where to stay for a little get away into the city. We should have researched. Unfortunately I did not know about tripadvisor.com at the time. We found the Tremont to be old and somewhat dirty. We moved from our first room after seeing a cracked mirror and mold growing on the bottom leg of furniture. The return air vents were absolutely filthy!The second room was not much better. The decor was below average. We found so many things that could have been corrected if someone had taken the time to do a more thorough walk- through after housekeeping was finished. I meant to write a letter to the management, but didn't take the time. The website that describes the hotel is deceiving. I think they mentioned terrycloth robes in the website. We didn't see any. Maybe the hotel has changed since we were there. It has been about a year and a half since we stayed there. The front desk people were great as was the wonderful doorman. This is not a 4 or 5 star hotel. I don't know what the rating is...I would give it a 1. Hate to be so negative, but we were very disappointed.	
May 5 2003	Such possibility but what a let down!	Love to stay at older properities since they usually have such charm. That was not, alas, my experience at The Tremont-Chicago. The rooms are downright dowdy, and service is appallingly. The rooms were very small which would be okay if..... the carpet was not stained, the wallpaper were not peeling, and bathroom didn't have stains, mildew and a 1/2 inch of dust on the top and behind the toilet. Room had not been well-cleaned prior to our arrival. Minibar was filthy, half-empty, and the amoire door had been repaired with a piece of plywood stained the color of the piece. I was treated courteously at check-in, but service during my week stay was ineffectual on the whole. My first evening I called for room service and was told they they did not have room service although room service was a listed amenity. I was told that I was welcomed to go to the restaurant and take it back to my room. After check-in, I requested housekeeping to come and clean my bathroom and was told they had left for the day. I'm saddened to see what appears to be a charming property, managed so poorly. It could be one of Chicago's true gems instead of an embarrassment. Would not recommend.	
Apr 24 2003	Great experience!		
Apr 21 2003	bad experience		
Apr 5 2003	Very positive surprise!!		
Feb 27 2003	Much Better Than We Expected		
Jan 20 2003	Pleasantly Surprised		
Dec 26 2002	Tremont escape		
Dec 3 2002	Section 8 Housing is Better		
Nov 21 2002	Get your expectations in line		
Nov 11 2002	Worst ever		
Aug 10 2001	From elegant to dowdy		
Aug 10 2009 	Una muestra del Chicago señorial en la modernidad ciudadana		
Jun 27 2009 	Un lugar calido en el frio Chicago		
