Nov 9 2009 	Nice Hotel but not quiet	The Westin Michigan Avenue hotel is a clean hotel with good service and a great location in Chicago. The only negative is that you can hear other guests walking and talking in their rooms. I think part of the problem is the hallway in the room is tile and you can hear other guests who are wearing high heels and perhaps the wall are very thin.	
Nov 8 2009 	Another great Westin in Chicago	Great location on Michigan Avenue. Walking distance to all the best restaurants, bars and stores. Across from the John Hancock Building and a block from Water Tower and close to State, Rush and all the fun streets.The rooms were large, quiet and well appointed. The hotel staff was fabulous.	
Oct 27 2009 	So So	Great location in downtown Chicago however sadly that is where the positives end. It is your typically business hotel... turn those rooms. The front desk throughout my stay was understaffed, there was always a line of guests, service lackluster. My room was tiny, the bathroom even smaller, the bathroom was not cleaned very well, hair in the bathtub, the counter space not dusted, the amenities were cheap, the iron barely heated. The thinnest walls I have ever have experienced, I heard the elevator all night, doors closing, people talking... I was disappointed as I have stayed at various other Westin properties and generally have had a good experience. I would not recommend staying here.	
Oct 21 2009 	Comfortable Stay for SC/ND Game Weekender	Friendly staff w/great location. Next door to the Hancock Bldg. Two blocks from Ditka's Steakhouse (new favorite over Smith &amp; Wollensky's). Rec'd Plat. upgrade to Jr. Suite on top floor (Rm 2736). One large room w/couch, dining table, and king bed. View of Hancock &amp; Ferris Wheel on Navy Pier. Normal rooms slightly small w/two beds but comfortable. I plan to stay here the next game. Fight On!	
Oct 21 2009 	Excellent location hotel just OK	There were a few things I thought were odd about this hotel. After the lady at the front desk renewed my Starwood membership she informed me that I would get an upgrade because the room I reserved was by the elevator. (I guess my 169.00 AAA rate was only good for being by the elevator) When I get upstairs the room she gave me ( on the 5th floor) was directly across from the elevator and about 5 feet from the banquet rooms. Maybe the upgrade was having a view of the Hancock building? I also thought it was odd there wasn't a shower cap in the bathroom, but maybe some hotels don't provide them anymore. There was also a strange looking white box in the upper corner of my room. I couldn't figure out what the purpose of it was and I think it made me feel a little paranoid. The room was showing some wear, although the tv was nice.With that said, the hotel is in an excellent location across from the Hancock Building and lots of shopping. I don't, however, think I will stay here again.	
Oct 14 2009 	Absolutely Awful	This hotel is a joke! For $380 a night we got a musty-smelling room that was the size of a broom closet, one bar of soap for both the sink and the shower, and cheesy plastic cups. I have was stunned at the poor accomodations and low-budget amenities.	
Oct 12 2009 	Very nice and convenient	This hotel is wonderfully located if you need to be north of the river, and the hotel is wonderful. Fast checkin, nice rooms. Would stay again.	
Oct 10 2009 	magnificent	What a great city to wander around in and explore! The staff at the Westin were wonderfully helpful with directions and points of interest. Our walking destinations were carefully planned out for us on a city map making the day one of leisure and interest. The hotel is beautiful and centrally located to shopping and attractions, great restaurants!	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Business Travel Hub	The Westin, per usual, lives up to their brand. They provided a great room for me when I checked in a 8:45am, handled my luggage and all I did was toss on a suit jacket and left for work. The bed, shower and pillows were truly heavenly. I was even comfortable when I was sick! (The person who delivered my room service left me cough syrup the next day - what a gesture!) This Westin is working through every interaction to ensure they uphold their standard. I will stay here every time I am in Chicago for business or pleasure.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great Location Standard Westin Amenities	Stayed 3 nights on Starwood Points + Cash and thought it was an excellent deal, although not sure if it would have been at the full price (i.e. $250+/night). Had an excellent view of Michigan Ave and the room was comfy, if not overly spacious. Staff were very friendly as well although the lobby can get busy during the day (location and business crowd makes that to be expected). A plus for me, although perhaps a minus for others, is that the hotel is very dog-friendly. There might be better hotels in Chicago but this isn't a bad choice at all.	
Oct 5 2009 	Everything was Great Except....	The hotel is in an excellent location on the Magnificent Mile and across the street from the John Hancock Building. Maid service and cleaning was great and room service as well. I was there for a conference and all went well with that too.They had a tiny &quot;fitness center&quot; with basically no equipment. I use a treadmill.Only one comment about the service: As I was leaving, I dropped my money clip down a drain! I could see it but not reach it. Since I had to get to the airport, I reported it to the person at the reception desk--explained exactly where it was and asked him to report it to maintenance and then send it to me at the address that they have on file.When following up on it, I was told it had never been reported and sorry.Sorry, indeed. I work in the hotel and travel industry and that is not acceptable. Truthfully the money clip is not that valuable except as a sentimental reminder of a great vacation. I have contacted both the Rooms Division Manager and the Director of Security of the hotel. I hope they will be able to help me out. If they do, I will post a happy ending.	
Oct 2 2009 	Disappointed	Unfortunately I had high expectations having read some of the more recent reviews. The bed, indeed, is “heavenly” but the room was musty smelling and no easy way to air out. The “heavenly shower” ....isn’t. We had food served to us during our conference, I do not have high expectations for these hotel-catered lunches but the stuff was awful.Location is excellent and the room was quite. It is a somewhat pricey hotel and overall not worth it. This hotel was a corporate choice and I certainly would not choose it for personal travel	
Sep 7 2009 	Good Location and Heavenly Beds	You can't go wrong with a Westin, and their heavenly beds are just that. The rooms were clean modern and always well kept. The gym is also modern and gets the job done even for a dedicating weightlifter like myself. Views are not the most fantastic in Chicago but the location is conveneinet to the Northern most section of the Magnificent Mile and the Hancock building. The Water Tower mall is about a block away and the beach is another block away north. Overall my 4 week stay here was pleasant.	
Aug 27 2009 	Excellent location	We stayed at the Westin for four nights. It was very busy when we arrived but we soon got checked in and our bags were brought up straight away. The room was ok and the bed was very comfortable. but the view was terrible. We looked out onto an alleyway of bricks and windows. Towels and toiletries were replenished every day and there was plenty of coffee. The location is excellent .Could not be better for seeing the sights shopping and restaurants. Liked Navy Pier very much and also the water taxis. Would stay at the Westin again but would ask for a room with a better view.	
Aug 26 2009 	Good hotel great location	The hotel is in a great location, but our room was just okay. It needed to be updated a little, and was small, but the wonderful heavenly beds made up for that. The hotel is right on Michgan Ave. and within walking distance to fabulous shopping. If you can get a good rate, and want to be in a convenient location, I would recommend staying here.	
Aug 22 2009 	Great location for a conference but be prepared to spend some $$$ to eat	The location is great - walking distance from shopping, the beach and Navy Pier on a nice day. My room was musty and the AC was off when I arrived, but once I turned it on the room was fine. The room was clean and a decent size. I didn't get charged for the coffee in my room like another traveler, but that may have been because I paid a conference fee for the 5 days I was there. There were no signs indicating costs for the coffee or the internet. (I would have had issues with those charges.)The food in the restaurant is expensive, and breakfast is not included. Tip for breakfast though, if you order from the &quot;side items&quot; part of the menu, you can get 2 eggs, toast and coffee for about $8. There were limited phone instructions - I never did figure out how to call another room or downstairs for a wake up call. (I had to physically go to the front desk.) Overall, the service was OK, and I would stay again if I got a deal on the room rate. (I would not consider it a luxury hotel, and would not pay a &quot;luxury&quot; price.)	
Aug 8 2009 	Overall good experience	The hotel is perfect for both business and leisure travel. You can't beat the location and the rooms were well kept for an older hotel.	
Jul 30 2009 	Poor conference location	The Michigan Ave Westin's response to loud ruckus of the crowd stuffed into adjoining rooms across the hall from me has been disappointing. They sent security in response to my calls, but the noise ratchets up again quickly. This is the THIRD night in a row of lousy sleep and bloodshot eyes. The night manager's &quot;we do apologize&quot; doesn't cut it at the price I've paid per night. VERY FRUSTRATING.	
Jul 27 2009 	Very good hotel and excellent location.	Stayed three nights in Westin Michigan Avenue in July 2009 and really enjoyed it. The room was excellent and the staff were very helpful.We ate only a couple of times in the hotel dining room, and, while the food was very good, it was expensive. Even the breakfast was too dear for what you got. There are a couple of small restaurants nearby where you can get a cheap breakfast.Coffee in the room is expensive, and you have to pay to use the computers in the business centre. So, i would recommend this hotel to stay in, but don't eat there and be careful about what facilities you use in the hotel.	
Jul 22 2009 	I wouldn't stay anyplace else	I always stay at the Westin whenever I am in Chicago for business or leisure. The location cannot be beat and although parking is $50 you can leave your car until 5:00 p.m. on the day of check out which allows extra time for shopping and having fun and you don't have to pay for another day of parking or fight traffic!The rooms are very nice and clean and room service is excellent.	
Jul 16 2009 	Just another Tourist	I would strongly discourage anyone from selecting this hotel for the following reasons:1. Waited 35 Minutes past our 4:00pm Check-in to have room available. Once I opened the room door it was Hot/Dank/Musty. Almost scary.2. The coffee packets in the room are $3.80 per if you use them. I found this out at checkout time. WOW! There is a Starbucks in the lobby that has a medium coffee for $2.30. 3. Nothing is complimentary. In room Internet is $12.95 per day.4. The hotel staff gave me the impression that I was putting them out. I asked the doorman for a local bus information and I think the guy expected me to tip him.5., The concierge seemed to busy with corporate business to give any local advice. I waited with my wife for about 10 minutes and we went out on our own. We actually stopped at the Knickerbocker Hotel and used their concierge service who was extremely friendly and helpful.6. I just checked my account on line and they have billed me for a slew of items that we did not use.This hotel is somewhat older. The rooms are OK at best. The service is pretty pathetic for the rice we paid. I won't stay at a Westin again or refer any friends.	
Jul 13 2009 	Avoid this hotel	Our room reservations were incorrect and I had a copy showing it was not my mistake. Despitethat we still had to deal with a roll away bed for 2/3rds of our stay. For each of those two nites in the first room our air conditioner also functioned very poor (I would call it more a fan then ac). The conceirge had somewhat of an ill attitude and some obnoxious guest next door didn't help much either. Not what u should expect from a higher end chain. I highly recommend avoiding Weston and staying in the Renaissance instead.	
Jul 7 2009	The Westin Michigan Avenue Hotel	Went through Priceline for the first time and booked this hotel for 85.00 per night. We we very satisfied with the price, location and ambiance of this hotel. The beds were heavenly and the large flat screen tv was very nice. When we arrived, the remote for the tv wouldn't work and we called down to the front desk and within a short time a repairman came knocking and it was repaired in a few minutes. Other reviews complained about the thin walls and the noise from the halls at night, but we were so tired by the time we walked all over Chicago, that we didn't have a problem with this at all and we were asleep as soon as our head hit the pillow. We did have a complaint, however, about the lack of a fan in the bathroom which would get steamy after a shower ,and with 3 ladies trying to get ready this did create a small problem. Also, the lack of free internet in the room was a little inconvenient even though it was free in the lobby with plenty of comfortable couches. It was raining one morning and the hotel provided us with the use of umbrellas at no cost. All in all, I would stay there again as the location is good and the Hancock Building is right next door. Drinks and view on the 93rd floor are awesome.	
Jul 7 2009 	Clean comfortable and perfect location	We stayed here in June and we were pleasantly surprised. Wasn't sure what to expect before we arrived but it looked nice from the outside. Its situated right across the road from the Hancock Centre. Pleasant staff when we checked in. The rooms were fine for us, enough space for 4 of us in a room. The bathroom was also well sized. It seemed a very busy hotel as well with conferences on every day we stayed there. Attached to the hotel is a bar and restaurant. I wasn't sure if it was owned by the hotel or not. Situated at the north end of Michigan Avenue, most shops were within walking distance. We got taxis to go to the bars/clubs though. All in all an enjoyable stay and it suited our needs.	
Jul 6 2009 	Basic Emenities at Business Hotel Prices	Basic business hotel in a prime location at one end of Michigan Avenue. We had group rates which were fair for a major city but you got what you paid for.Room was rather small but clean and bright. The hotel gym, sponsored by Reebok, and highly promoted left much to be desired for. It's a basic hotel gym. The business center was minimal and you're charged for computer usage. This is a pet peeve of mine. Business hotels just nickle and dime visitors assuming all expenses will be reimbursed.A few weeks after checkout I recieved a $25 Charge on my Credit Card. After calling to question the charge the accounting departments &quot;guessed&quot; it was because I had packages deliver to the hotel. I have never been charged in any other hotel for sending packages for events in advance. They quickly removed the charge.One of our group members were delayed due to weather and flight delays. I did request late check in for my group but when my college arrived for his room he was sent to a local Sheraton because the Westin overbooked. I was in the lobby and noticed many other guests with the same issue. Weather happens...Chicago hotels should be ready for O'Hare delays and late arrivals.Besides the overbooking mishaps the Front Desk staff and staff who organized our group was very professional.Some colleges enjoyed the bar/steakhouse in the lobby for dinner. I went to the breakfast stand that &quot;Proudly Serves Starbucks&quot; but isn't really a Starbucks. The coffee was terrible and the banana sour. I wouldn't attempt the breakfast danishes.I'd recommend the Westin Michigan Avenue as long as all you need is a bed and clean room. But there are plenty of other hotels to choose from in Chicago...namely the W Lakeshore for a great property or Hotel 71 for a real deal in the heart of the city.	
Jul 5 2009 	Comfortable Simple in Great Location	The feel of the hotel is modern, understated. The room wan't too big, but the bed was comfortable. There was a large flat screen TV. There is a charge for internet. The bathroom is updated, but a pretty basic hotel room bath. I was comfortable, but it felt like a standard city hotel room.The location is great for shopping and dining and jogging around the lake, weather permitting. The gym was pretty basic, but you could get a work out in. No pool or jacuzzi, but I guess that's normal for Chicago.The lobby seemed full, with middle class mid-westerners, every time I walked through. The concierge was also pretty busy, but very helpful in helping me find a movie (husband caught a cold) and the post office.I would easily come back here, but the only wow factor is the location.	
Jun 25 2009 	Beyond Expectations	Stayed here during a business conference. Outstanding!	
Jun 23 2009 	Nice place good location	Stayed here for one night with wife and teenage kids. First class room. Hotel is clean and great location. It was a great value for $75 on Priceline.	
Jun 12 2009 	Great location rooms a little drab doors slam loud walls real thin	Not as nice as Westin's I've stayed at this year in Boston Waterfront and downtown Philly. Rooms are smaller than others and walls seem thinner, I could clearly hear the high heels walking the floor in the room next to mine. The metal doors slam so loudly it's next to impossible to sleep through it (this is my #1 complaint). Towels were kinda scratchy and sheets were a bit pilly, again not as nice as other Westins. Gym was smaller and a little more drab than others. High-speed internet was no better than dial-up speed. Check-in staff were nice enough but not exactly overly solicitous. I would probably stay again because I'm not the biggest prima donna and the location can't be beat, but hotel could be improved.	
Jun 11 2009 	Good location	Stayed for 2 nights on points and cash from SPG-programme which was an excellent deal. I would have felt disappointed if I had paid USD300+ for the room as it was offered at the time of booking.Location is great just next to the John Hancock Center (do go there when the sun sets!) with many shops and restaurants around. Service was a typical big US-city style, i.e. not very personal but on the other hand nothing to complain about either. The not-so-young bell &quot;boys&quot; were probably the best guys to ask for advise and organized a good limo for us to the airport.The room was ok but a bit noisy from having the lifts just next to the head of the bed. However, the safe was a very small upright one hidden in the closet. You could not put much there and most would fall out when you open it.The gym did you have any changing facility.	
Jun 6 2009 	Fabulous hotel in prime location	I have only raves for this hotel. We normally stay at the Starwood hotels and the Westin on Michigan Ave embodies the reason why we keep coming back. From the bell boy to the front desk to housekeeping service, the service and staff are impeccable and meticulous to every detail. One feels like royalty staying at the Westin on Michigan Ave. I will say one thing about the parking which, at $49 every 24 hrs (unlimited in/out privileges), is a little steep even for the area. My husband and I drove around and found a self park on the corner of DeWitt and Chestnut (next to 247 E. Chestnut apartments), about 2.5 blocks away which charged $28/day. The only thing that there are no in/out privileges but you are saving $21/day parking here over the hotel parking.	
May 27 2009 	Location...location...location!	We stayed over on a Sunday &amp; Monday Holiday weekend, leaving on Tuesday. Location was perfect for shopping, dining and the Cubs! Got a very inexpensive rate from priceline dot com. And with parking incorperated, still less expensive then many previous trips and other downtown hotels! Have never paid under $40 a day for parking in downtown Chicago, so I was suprised at the other reviews complaining about parking price. Slightly above the average but definately not outrageous.Preasure in the shower was terrible, water leaking from shower head. Informed front desk on our first morning, by the time we left, still had not been fixed. Not a big deal, but would have been nice to have problem resolved. Staff was very friendly, always saying hello. Bar staff was incredibly helpful and friendly. We were looking for a great Traditional Chicago style pizza and the Bartender wrote down directions to the 2 places we narrowed it down to.There was only one tiny dissapointment, maybe a suggestion even. About 2 hours into our 4 hour drive home another friend who had her own room discovered she had left her diamond earrings. We called and they had them! Thank goodness for that! Very honest cleaning staff is a HUGE plus! But they asked for her Credit Card number and are charging her to ship them back. She was all to happy to do so, as would I. But last year, I had a similar situation happen to me at another Michigan Ave. Hotel and they did not hesitate to send the item back to me that I left behind. No charge. I thought that was above and beyond. Overall, great weekend, great stay!	
May 27 2009 	Great Location	I had the recent pleasure of staying at this hotel over the Memorial holiday. This was a great location for shopping and eatting. Tons of things are in walking distance. I was very happy with the location. The rooms are very common, I wish they had a Ipod docking station for I never turn on the TV's when I travel. The bed was extremely comfortable. It was hard to get out of bed. The hot water was great too. The rooms are bare but I did call down and make my request for extra towels and shower caps. I must say this too. I got a great rate on my room for this holiday weekend. Under $100!!!!. But I went through Hotwire and the front desk made me feel almost bad for doing so. Gave me a room across from the elavators very noisy, but I only was in the room at night and I always travel with ear plugs. I only recommend this hotel if you get it for cheap. Not worth $100 a night.	
May 26 2009 	Not sure what happened to this Westin...	I stay at Westin's all the time for business. I love Westin hotels.This one was tiny, old, cramped, slow..I was a little shocked. It's prime district for shopping (you are right across the street from the John Hancock building and the American Girl doll store among other high-end designer fashion stores). Service was not bad, just really slow. Maybe one of the other Westins in the city is nicer. I'd consider another hotel of the same caliber before staying here again.	
May 25 2009 	Not what we have come to expect from a Westin	After reviewing the prices and reviews for several Starwood properties in the Chicago area, we decided to stay at the Westin Michigan Avenue. Our selection was primarily based on location and value of the rate. The online reviews we'd read were also more favorable than some of the reviews of the W City Center. Upon arriving at the Westin, the door staff was perfectly friendly but the check-in staff just seemed irritated to have to check us in. The customer next to me was having issues with the desk rep not having any record of his visit being pre-paid, and the way the employee was handling his situation really lacked the level of professionalism that we had come to expect from a Westin. Our room itself was pretty small, even for a city hotel, and not only was there no bathmat in the bathroom, but the sheets on the bed were so old and worn that they had bumps in the fabric. Not what we had come to expect from the &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot; experience either. We really did not spend much time at the hotel, but on our final day we wanted to check our bags at the bell stand while we met some friends for brunch, and the bell captain had the same &quot;put out&quot; attitude we had experienced at the front desk upon our arrival. We were really disappointed in the experience at this property, and with so many great hotels in the same location, we will not be staying at the Westin Michigan Avenue next time we visit the Windy City.	
May 19 2009 	Crowded Poor Service Watch out for PARKING $$$	Sometimes a hotel has a high average review due to the volume of people stayng there and their average tourist tastes. This is the case with the Westin MI Ave. Very crowded tourist hotel with below average service and rooms. PARKING WAS $49 per day!	
May 19 2009 	Great location but would stay elsewhere next time.	Came to Chicago for a girls weekend getaway. I am a Starwood Preferred Guest and the rate was right...long line to check-in on a Friday morning. Staff was very nice though &amp; got my room early. Room was a decent size but, everything felt damp, even throughout the hallway. Shower was not 'heavenly' &amp; the bathroom gets really steamy &amp; hot with no fan. Annoying. Really comfy beds but, the walls are paper thin &amp; we had to sleep with the TV on to lessen the door slammings, and kids screaming across the hall. Tried to rent a movie one night and the system was down all night.Wasn't impressed with the outside staff - always had to find our own taxis. Restaurant was good and the coffee kiosk too.Overall - was 'ok' and a good price &amp; location, but, would stay somewhere else next time.	
May 18 2009 	Fantastic location ... but not the greatest rooms value or service	Can't beat the location - right next door to the Hancock tower. Close to the beach. Easy walk to restaurants. Since the location is so great, you dont need to spend much time at the hotel. The rooms are OK, nothing special. I had a lovely view of a brick wall. The room was tidy but not spotless. The walls were paper thin and I could hear coversations in the hallway. Service is OK - we asked for an early check in (1pm) ahead of time, yet arrived at 1:30 and was told no rooms were available. The staff member took my cellphone number and promised to call when a room was ready - but never did. Check in could have been easier. All said, I would stay here again - but really because of the location not because of the rooms or quality of the service. They dont even have a place to east breakfast other than a coffee stand. Last year, we stayed at the Renaissance in the loop and it was MUCH NICER, better service, spotless rooms, great restaurants, etc.	
May 13 2009 	Thanks to the Fantastic Concierge  Marina ...for getting to see OPRAH !!!	The hotel is situated very conveiently for transport to and from The McCormick Place . Very well situated for shopping and choice of restaurants in walking distance. The best was on the wedenesday when Marina announced she got us on the waiting list to see OPRAH and as an added Bonus her coleague said we where also on the morning list ...We ended up seeing 2 shows of OPRAH ....GREAT EFFORT from the concierges to get us this priviledge to see the shows.THE STAFF WAS ALL AROUND HELPFUL AND WELCOMING , THANKS AGAIN MARINA ..i WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND .The Westin Michigan Avenue Chicago TO ALL MY FRIENDS AND READERS AS A PERFECT PLACE TO STAY , FOR BUISNESS AND PLEASURE.. GREAT LOCATION...	
May 12 2009 	Great hotel Great Location Great Place to Get Away!	Favorite place to stay when in Chicago. Staff has always been extremely accomdating and friendly. Their guest rooms have the most comfortable beds in the city. The location is wonderful - steps from the lakefront, wonderful shopping, restaurants and nightlife. Always leave the hotel feeling relaxed, refreshed and looking forward to my next visit.	
May 11 2009 	Not Family Friendly	This hotel is not family friendly at all. First off, the reservation desk saw us coming with a stroller and started off being difficult right from the start. We were informed that the roll away bed we had added to our reservation would be an additional $49 fee. When I informed the desk clerk that I was not made aware of this charge when I called to add it to my reservation, he said &quot;well, it's indicated on our website&quot;. He did not apologize or offer to make it right. I told him to forget the roll away and he said &quot;OK&quot;. This is the only hotel I've ever traveled to (and we travel with the kids a lot) that wanted to charge me for a roll away. He then proceeded to put us in a small, hot room, right next to the elevator, with no view at all (expect to the dirty rooftop below us). We have to call 4 times before the crib (apparently they don't charge extra for cribs) was delivered to our room and then an additional 2 times for extra pillows. The floor in the entryway had something dried and orange on it and when we called about that, they never sent anyone to inspect. As I mentioned, we had a stroller with us, so stairs were not always an option. It often took 20-30 minutes to get a down elevator that wasn't already full.Also, if you are in need of early morning snacks or milk, buy it elsewhere as there are no options available here (or room fridges to store it in).Good thing we were only here for one night and won't be ever again.The only think I liked about the hotel was the restaurant. The food was good and the service was excellent, even with our 2 kids.	
May 8 2009 	Westin comes through again!	I got a great rate as a Starwoods Member over the internet and enjoyed two wonderful nights at Westin on Michigan Ave. The person who checked me in, Mayra, was extremely accomodating and helpful. The concierge pointed me toward a great restaurant just down the street and was very helpful with other directions. The room was a good size, quiet and extremely comfortable. It was just what I needed as I was in Chicago to take an important exam. I ate breakfast at a wonderful and very European coffee and pastry shop each morning and then enjoyed the Magnificent Mile whenever I could. I highly recommend this hotel for location, service, and value (if you look hard enough!)	
May 8 2009 	Nice Room Nice Clean hotel	The main reason I picked this hotel was because it is in the Starwoods network. Also, the location is great and I was able to get it at a good price. I would say, overall, the hotel met my expectations. Expensive Valet parking ($50).	
Apr 30 2009 	Great location - Great View - Great Service	We had a wonderful weekend celebrating our anniversary and as always enjoyed the excellent service from the Westin-Michigan Ave. I look forward to visiting this hotel again soon!	
Apr 28 2009 	Decent but there are some issues.	The Westin Michigan Avenue provides a decent night's stay at a price which is reasonable for the area, but at one which does not exactly provide a good value or a decent amount of luxury for the steep room rate.The location is excellent for travelers looking to stay near the magnificent mile. But, for business travelers, it can be a bit remote from a lot of the typical gathering places.The rooms are spacious and clean, and the beds are comfortable. The 46-inch HDTV available on the preferred level seems like a great feature, but the signal is very pixellated and drops in quality are common, which is really disappointing.There were a few areas where things just seemed to be run down: the toilet in the room was not centered and was tilted to the side, which indicates sloppy installation work. All of the network jacks I saw both in the rooms and in the business centers have cables that are broken, and the internet is far too slow and too unreliable for the ridiculous per-day purchase price.Finally, the walls are paper-thin. A next-door neighbor coughed, and it sounded like it was in my room. I would expect this from a $30/night Motel 6, but at the Westin?	
Apr 13 2009 	Relaxing getaway with beautiful views.	We went to stay in Chicage with the kids for spring break. The staff was very friendly and gave you individual service even though they were busy with a conference in house. The room was clean with a great view of Lake Michigan. The one complaint is that the room types either have one king bed or two double beds. A double bed is tight for my wife and me let alone two boys having to share a bed. Queen beds would be the solution and make it much more comfortable for a family. Maid service was top notch and all staff we encoutered were friendly and helpful.	
Mar 31 2009 	Meet all my expactations and more	We were in Chicago celebrating my wife's 40th birthday. We were there for 5 days. We had a fantastic time in Chicago. The Westin was in a perfect location. We had a partial laveview room and we loved the room. We travel quite a bit so it is sometimes hard to impress us but The Westin did just that. The hotel was very clean and the staff was very helpful. We used the concierge desk a lot and they always had great recommendation and made most of our dinner reservations. One concierge was particularly helpful to us and her name was Marina. I asked Marina to order flowers for my wife and have them placed in the room before we arrived and she did a great job in taking care of my request and alos helping me pick out a special place to take my wife for an evening out on the town. Marina also sent a complimentary bottle of wine which we thought was very generous. When my wife walked in and saw the flowers, she was so moved at how beautitul they were. Thanks Marina.Overall, the hotel was the perfect place for this special occassion. My wife now wants to visit Chicago again for a long vacation and of course our choice of hotel will include the Westin.By the way, the name of the (heavenly)beds speaks for itself. How do they do it?	
Mar 28 2009 	Great hotel with great location!	My family recently got together in Chicago for a February weekend. We ended up at the Westin Hotel on Michigan Avenue - our first visit to the property.What a treat this ended up being. The hotel was fantastic with a better than expected location. Great rooms, accommodating staff and terrific restaurant/bar offerings along with a fun energetic staff. And, just out the front door...anything you could want from shopping, restaurants, and attractions - most within walking distance. We had a wonderful stay and would recommend this property to anyone traveling to Chicago for business or pleasure. My family is planning on visiting often and we found a new home while in Chicago.	
Mar 20 2009 	Awsome	Excellent hotel and staff evryone here was extremely friendly and helpful, woul definately recommend to everyone I know.	
Mar 5 2009 	The Pros far outweigh the Cons	I just returned from a 4 night stay for a conference so I am writing from the perspective of a business traveller.As with most hotels in metropolitan high-rise areas, the rooms are small. However, the decor, cleanliness and comfort were above average. Noise carried in from the hallway. It wasn't a disturbance to me, but I was conscious that noise from my room would also carry out into the hall. Privacy could be compromised. Their Heavenly Bed is heavenly - the best sleep of my life, but the Heavenly Shower was just a mirage as one of the showerheads didn't work at all, and the other wouldn't adjust the stream tension. With that said, on a scale of 1 to 10, those negative rate a 2 and the positive rate a 9.5. - so the negatives can easily be overlooked.I ate one meal in their restaurant, The Grill, and found it to be an overcooked frozen entree with a hefty price tag. Contrary to that, though, most of my other meals were in the meeting and banquet rooms and had been prepared and served by the hotel's catering staff. The service was white linen, and the presentation, variety and quality of the food exceptional. The sales or catering manager was present at all meals to greet us and make sure we were given the best of service (which we definitely were).The hotel's location was fantastic. This was my third trip to Chicago and this was easily the best place to stay. The Westin is next door from the Hancock Building, across the street from the Bloomingdale's shopping plaza, one block from the Water Tower, I could go on and on.Word of warning - the business center charges $2.99/minute for internet access. It's been a long time since I stayed at a hotel where this wasn't a complimentary amenity.The staff, from the front desk to the valet, the concierge to the housekeeping, always greeted me with a smile and welcome. This place is everything you could want or need.	
Mar 5 2009 	Home from Home in Chicago	Have stayed in the Westin Michigan avenue at least once a year for the last 7 or 8 years.The Westin is a full service hotel with high standards.European travellers will find a higher level of service here than would be expected from a similiar 4 star establishment in Europe.The moment you arrive your every need is attended to.As indicated before turnover in staff at the westin is negligable,I still am greeted by the same friendly faces every year.All staff are proffessional,and maintain a high standard in thier dealing with costomers.Rooms are extremely comfortable with a high standard of furnishing.The rooms are spotlessly clean and have recently been upgraded with flat screen tvs etc.There is a small coffee dock in the lobby which is convenient.There is a Hertz rent a car office at the far end of the lobby which is very convenient.At the other end of the lobby is the bar and restaurant which are both excellent and are an oasis in inclement weather.There is a small but well equipped gym which is very well maintained.There is allways a supply of fresh towels no matter what time I go there.Again European travellers might miss the fact that there is a full conceierge service in the lobby.This service is particularly good and is allways manned by very experienced staff.Finally the location,it just doesnt get any better,simply the best in the city.Enjoy	
Mar 5 2009 	Great location	I usually stay at the W Lakeshore, but decided to check this out for my short one day trip. Nothing beats the location of this hotel - right on Michigan Avenue, next to the Hancock building. I found the rooms to be well furnished with a big LCD TV and recently remodeled bath rooms. &quot;Heavenly bed&quot; was great as usual. Closet space was very limited. Staff demeanor was cold but adequate. For somebody looking to spend some vacation time in Chicago using Starwood points or finding a cheap rate via travel web sites, I would definitely recommend this place. I am going back to the W next time - better views, better service, better rooms.	
Feb 28 2009 	Excellent hotel in Great Location	The Westin on Michigan Avenue is right in the heart of downtown and across from the John Hancock building. Most Westins are above the fray and this is no exception. Although, not lavishing, the lobby is modern and quaint. There is a Starbucks and a restaurant off the lobby but did not eat at the restaurant - ate at Gino's East which was fair) off the lobby. The staff was polite and helpful. The rooms are nice size for big city hotel. HD TV, nice bathroom, great bed. The price was under $120 for mid-week - amazing value. I would give this hotel an 4 1/2 star rating and is a great choice to see the city of Chicago.	
Feb 20 2009 	dependable business stopover place - unless there is a whiff of smoke of course	i always find westins dependable places to stay on business and i am thrilled that they now have recycling bins in the bedrooms. room service was fine, general service very professional and friendly, rooms of nice size and good decor. my one (huge) grouch with this place was the size of the gap under the bedroom door. huge! the noise that came in from the corridor was unabated and i am sure it is not to fire code. i rolled up a bathmat and a towel to wedge under the door to try to keep the noise out (did not work). front desk of no help when i pointed out that in a fire, this would make my room one huge death trap. my sleep was not so heavenly thinking about that.	
Feb 19 2009 	In all of our travels this is our favorite place to stay	Ok, the location is remarkable but there are always places to stay in great locations. The rooms are great in every way. It is the staff that makes this particular Westin stand alone. Every single person you meet from the first moment you arrive to the moment you depart has an extaordinary and genuine kindness. We stay here often and one thing we have noticed over the years is that there is no employee turnover. That speaks volumes. Everyone is always willing to offer assistance or just ask what your plans are for the day. They have a great coctail bar, a wonderful restaurant and a comfortable lobby with wireless internet. You won't feel more welcomed anywhere like you will be here at the Westin Michigan Avenue.	
Feb 14 2009 	Fun Location for Family's First Trip to Chicago	Our family of six (including 4 teenagers) stayed here for two nights while visiting Chicago (plus a side trip to Notre Dame, IN) for the first time. Loved the location for walking Michigan Ave, loads of shopping possibilities too. Reserved 2 rooms: 1 King, 1 with 2 doubles. Ended up with the King room being upgraded to a corner room overlooking Michigan Ave with 2 Kings plus a pullout or cot, bigger square footage. Very nice, comfortable, modern furnishings in both rooms. A good choice for our family because we valued location and comfort and also ended up with an interesting view.	
Feb 2 2009 	Great Location	My stay at The Westin Michigan Avenue Chicago was a good one, I was there for a recent business trip. The service was very good and facilities were adequate. There are additional charges for small things such as internet in the room and even a $10 charge to receive a DHL package to my attention. The location is great as you will be close to Rush Street for a nice selection of restaurants and bars. Plus the shopping across the street at Bloomingdales. I would recommend staying there, the hotel is a bit old but clean.Make sure you ask not to be by the elevators, it is a bit noisy compared to other hotel elevators.Overall the stay was a good one.	
Feb 2 2009 	Very Dissapointed	I felt the hotel website was VERY misleading on this one.... It said newly renovated rooms and I really didn't feel that they were. Our room did have a flat screen tv, but otherwise the bathroom was average at best and didn't feel &quot;new&quot;. There was even mold in the shower! Our room was SO noisy the first the nite due to be a 'connecting' room that we asked to move. We were moved to a room that wasn't a connecting one, but right near the elevator. I could hear people all night in the hallway. Every single time someone would open or close a door, we could hear it. We were exhausted after our stay there to say the least. The website made it appear as a cool, hip, newly renovated Westin. Nope, didn't feel that at all. The only pro i will offer this place is that it is well located on Michigan ave. But so are other a dozen other hotels. Stay somewhere else....	
Feb 2 2009	Very Nice Hotel	We stayed in the Michigan Avenure Westin hotel this past weekend and we were very happy with the hotel and staff. They were friendly and helpful. The doorman was kind and always willing to answer questions or give directions. He definitely knows his way around Chicago and Michigan Ave. We stayed one night and everything went very smoothly. We pulled up to the hotel in our car and the doorman directed us down the street and into their garage. We used valet parking for $49 per night and they were effiicient and helpful. We then went right in the side door into the hotel. The check-in took a little longer than expected, but not a problem. They only had one person managing check in. We were given a room on the 14th floor and were told that we had the &quot;Preferred Guest Members&quot; floor because we belong to their awards program. That entitled us to 2 free bottles of water. Upon arriving to our room, we found it extremely clean. The rooms are small and have the standard layout. The bathrooms are extremely small, but clean. They provide one robe per room and that is only on the Preferred Guest Members floor. The desk told me that they are no longer providing the robes. The bed was very comfortable, which is a trademark for the Westin. The walls to the hall are thin because you can hear every door slamming shut. We were also able to hear alot of traffic noise even on the 14th floor, which was surprising, but not a big deal.The location is great, as other reviewers have reported. It is right next to the John Hancock Building and the Cheesecake Factory. We ate at the Cheesecake Factory and enjoyed it as always. The hotel Concierge can give you her business card for you to give to the restuarant and it entitles you to priority seating, which we did. We only waited 10 minutes, which is very quick on a Saturday night. We also went to the American Girl Museum which is just on the other side of the John Hancock Building, since the American Girl moved to it's new location in Water Tower Place. We ate at the American Girl Cafe which is such a nice meal, but pricey. I recommend the splurge ($21per person) though because it is so fun. We would certainly stay at the Westin again. We have stayed at several hotels on Michigan Ave and it beats all of them for us.	
Jan 25 2009 	New Year's Eve Celebration	I live in Chicago and was a guest of two separate New Year's Eve parties, both held in large suites, on separate floors. Both suites had the same floor plan, floors 20 and 25.Both suites were very roomy and comfortably accomodated a lot of folks. We room hopped all evening long, via elevator, without any problem.On the higher floor, if you stood at the window and looked East, could see the fireworks going off at Navy Pier at midnight.Each suite has one well appointed bathroom although, no roomier than a regular quite and, stocked with the usual toiletries. Entry closet was pretty small for a suite. Winter &amp; fur coats were jammed in there.They did bring up a (stand-alone) mini fridge on request to one room. They already have a standard one built in the cabinet below the flat-screen TV. The large table in the middle of the suite was well suited for dinning &amp; food set-up. Friends who rented the room said they gave them comp. late check-out (5:30pm).Downside, the doorman accidently dropped the tray of homemade deviled eggs on the ground , while unloading items from the car. The champagne at midnight softened the blow!Effecient check-in, even on a super busy day. Lot's of party-goers in the hotel and, everyone was friendly.Suites would be great for wedding parties to prep and for coctail parties of 20 or less. Sofa seats 4, 2 club chairs, king bed, 6 person dinning table, long buffet, hugh HDTV, large windows for great views.	
Jan 7 2009	Good Location	We have just returned from spending the new year in Chicago. We booked our hotel based on the reviews on Trip-Advisor and we had a most enjoyable stay. The hotel is in an excellent position on the Magnificent Mile within walking distance of the theatres, shops and parks. The hotel and room we had were spotless. We had a lovely meal in 'The Grill on The Alley' which is the restaurant within the hotel. The weather was very kind to us as well. We had a brillant time and Chicago is a beautiful city.	
Jan 7 2009 	fantastic weekend getaway	The location of this hotel for a first time visitor to Chicago is excellent. The staff at the westin were great helpful and friendly we needed an early check in and it was no problem. Heavenly beds were exactly that, we were there over Christmas and it was a fantastic getaway.	
Jan 2 2009 	Great location Westin quality	Stayed here in September for a conference and to attend a Bears game. Very nice corner room with minimal problems. The only downgrade is the food service is not as good as one might expect from a Westin. However, the beautiful view, bed and other furnishings more than make up for that. Great location across the street from the Hancock Tower.	
Dec 31 2008 	Disappointed	We stayed at the Westin, Michigan Avenue last weekend. We were given a room on the 6th floor that was billed as overlooking Michigan Avenue...and recently rennovated. I'd say neither description was accurate. The only way one could see Michigan Avenue was to crane your neck sharply and then you could see a small bit of it. As for the rennovations, the bedding and draperies looked updated and the room did have a flat screen TV, but the tub/shower was not good. There was mold growing on the tub ledge...a lot of mold. I was wishing I had brought some TILEX with me. Aside from this, the thermostat in the room would not allow us to adjust the temp up or down and we were roasting by 2am. And our room was near the elevator and there was lots of noise way until the wee hours of the morning.I love the location of the hotel, but to be honest we would probably not stay here again.	
Dec 15 2008 	Crazy About The Westin Michigan Avenue	I love everything about this hotel: the simplicity checking in, the atmosphere, the lobby, the heavenly beds, the staff, the cleanliness, the location. I not only recommended this hotel to my best friend - I brought her here to stay - she fell in love with it just as much as me!	
Dec 10 2008 	Love Westins Not This One	My husband and I stay at Westins quite often. Last year (December 2007), I brought my mother and sister-in-law to enjoy the Westin Michigan Avenue. At 3am, we were awoken by a torpedo of ICE crashing through our window from the Hancock Building. It shattered our window and cold Chicago air came streaming in our room. After waiting bundled up in coats in our cold room for the manager to never call us back, we headed to the hotel lobby where we sat around for over an hour in our pajamas, waiting for the next move - are we going to another room or are they sending us to another hotel? Apparently other guests had experienced the same thing and they went to other hotels. We, the three of us, were put up in a king bed room where it was warm. The management advised us that they were slowly replacing all the windows on this side with safety glass. We were comped this night and given another night to stay. We accepted that this is out of the hotel's control with ice falling off a different building. Although we were taken back by the service by the management, we decided to try again this year. December 6th, 2008, we were placed in a very nice corner room. Beautiful room. We arrived after shopping that evening and realized there was no heat. The maintenance man was great and tried all he could to get the heater back working. 1 out of the 2 worked, but this was just not enough to keep us warm. The solution from the management - give us more blankets. We were given one extra blanket for my mother. Now, it's not like it was 30 degrees, but it was not warm and cozy, and for the luxury hotel they strive to be, I need to let you know our experience and why we really don't want to experience the Westin Michigan Avenue again. Please also take note that the maintenance men advised us that the windows were never replaced with safety glass or double pane glass and that the windows break as a &quot;common occurrence&quot;. Until the windows are safe, I will advise against not staying here to my fellow friends and employees. This is negligence to not take all necessary precautions. What if someone was looking out the window and a piece of ice came through while a guest was standing at the window? Not safe at all.If you do need to stay at this hotel during the winter, PLEASE ASK FOR A ROOM OPPOSITE THE HANCOCK BUILDING.	
Dec 9 2008 	28th Anniversary	Coming from Michigan Chicago is just a hop-skip away for us. So it's a great getaway for a special occasion and travel doesn't cost us alot. We booked the Westin through Orbitz and got a fantastic rate. What really set the tone for our stay was Yvonne W. at the front desk. She made us feel as though we were the most important people, not just another name less, face less couple being checked in. You read alot about being poorly treated because you got dirt cheap rates, not in this case not with Yvonne. The Westin has a gem in her. The room itself was one of their basic rooms nicely appointed and very clean. If you've stayed in the Heavenly bed you know how comfortable it is for a good night sleep. Not much else to report as we didn't do much in the hotel itself except sleep. We're as pleased with the Westin this time as we were the last time we stayed here.	
Dec 8 2008 	Good Golly it was Cold!	When I was looking for a place to stay for a weekend getaway, I came across a good deal of about $115 a night for the Westin. My last trip to Chicago, I stayed on the company's dime at the Four Seasons which is flawless. However, I cannot afford the FS so, I booked across the street at the Westin. It's nice enough. The location is great and bed was comfortable. I had little interaction with the staff and was moderately concerned that no identification was checked when I checked in, as I was prepaid. The only things of note were the pretty loud hallway noise. I know this is dependent on neighbors, but it seemed excessive. And the window leaked and made the carpet wet. The room had no mildew smell although I could see some on the window frame. I left a towel on the windowsill to mop it up and it froze to the window frame. I guess the 15 degree weather doesn't encourage mold growth! Oh, and the paint was peeling above the bathtub. Not that it effected my stay in the least, but it was an eyesore. My weekend away was nice except for the FRIGID temps. I know I should have expected as much, but 15F!! WOW!	
Nov 24 2008 	Decent hotel great location	Check in went fast. The front desk was courteous but seemed like they would much rather be working somewhere else.The room, a standard king on the sixth floor, was nice. The furnishings were very nice, the actual room was a bit dated and would say showing it's Best Western heritage. The bed, as most know, was what to be expected (ahh) and the LCD TV was a nice touch.Parking was $45/night. I looked for other parking nearby but decided to bite the bullet and pay. It was convenient nevertheless.The concierge was busy (ie, some waiting around was required) but very helpful and friendly and had good suggestions.The hotel bar was really expensive considering the atmosphere was similar to a TGI Friday's. I don't mind paying those prices at a trendy place, which Grill on the Alley was not.Overall, I was pleased with the hotel for the price ($90+taxes) I paid but I've been a Sofitel fan for a long time and would go back there next time.And they charge you for USA Today unless you explicitly ask them not too. Really? I mean really? Come on now.	
Nov 8 2008 	Look for parking elsewhere	The hotel itself was great with a comfortable bed and nice view, and at the time we thought it was a great deal since we were able to get the &quot;bid&quot; price we offered on Priceline. However, any savings we made on the room were quickly diminished by the $48/night charge for parking. Since my boyfriend and I both drove to Chicago (he lives in OH, I live in MO), we ended up with almost $200 in parking charges! We had chosen to stay downtown in hopes of SAVING on actual travel within the city. In the future, we'll just stay in the outskirts, where parking is FREE with your hotel room, and just take a train to go downtown. I realize, having lived in Chicago, that parking can be abysmal downtown, but hotel guests paying pretty high prices for a hotel room should really just get free parking instead of being charged an arm and a leg just to park where they're staying. We actually did have a relaxing weekend, but it was a disappointing and rather stressful ending when we saw the extra charges in our bill. Lesson learned.	
Nov 3 2008 	NIce downtown hotel	We were at the Westin for a conference. The location of the hotel is great and really convenient. The rooms were comfortable and clean, the staff professional and efficient. You can walk everywhere or grab a bus/subway/taxi--don't bother with a rental car if you're not leaving the city. We even got back and forth to Midway Airport quite easily via public transit! $2 each way--can't beat it!The concierge was helpful in getting us checked into our flight and printing out the boarding passes. Thanks!My only complaint is that the elevators for the rooms also serviced the conference area, and the elevators would be full when they left the first floor, so we had to wait forever for an elevator to get to our rooms from the conference floors. Not sure how that can be fixed, but it was a shame.Chicago is a great city and we really enjoyed our stay at the Westin.	
Oct 28 2008 	Loved the Location	My wife and I traveled to Chicago for the Madonna concert and UFC. Needless to say, we had high expectations and found the hotel to be excellent. Between the location and the heavenly bed on the 24th floor, you can't go wrong. Sure things are a bit pricey, but its downtown Chicago, and if you are not willing to pay, there are some nice Super-8's out in the suburbs. I found the service all around to be very professional, friendly, and on-the ball. If you are stuck in any way, the concierge is happy to help. We had a great experience at this Westin and would definitely book there again. At this property, you pay a premium for the location - being right on Michigan avenue, and steps away from all the shops you could ever ask for. Loved it 5/5 all the way.	
Oct 21 2008 	Great Location but not my first choice.	Westin Michigan Avenue October 19-20 2008 Rate AARP$220 + tax of 15.5%http://www.starwoodhotels.com/westin/property/overview/index.html?propertyID=1030909 N Michigan AvChicago Il 60611[-]The location of this hotel is a big plus! Located just across the street from the Hancock Building, this high rise hotel is a very mass market hotel 752 guest room hotel, with little imagination to the room décor. Our standard 350sq foot room had a big desk with lots of electrical outlets, new carpeting, and a view of Michigan Avenue. The bathroom was large enough and the shower had dual shower heads. The closet was small, with safe big enough for a laptop, an iron and board inside. There was a flat screen TV with 22 channels which included only 1 movie channel, HBO. In room movies were also available at a cost. Paper thin walls in the west tower (it may be different in the east tower) allow you to hear most everything going on out in the hallway or the next room. We even heard the phones ringing and alarm clock going off in the room next door.This is a 100% non smoking property, with a $500 cleaning charge for smoking in the room. Wireless internet access was free in the lobby, so there were always a large number of guests sitting in the lobby with their laptops and paperwork. The lobby was always very busy with guests. Internet in the rooms is $12.95 + tax for a 24hr period. However if you logged on before midnight of day 1, you were charged for a 2nd day if you logged on the next morning. Overnight parking was $48, A bottle of water in the room was $5 for 24oz.The hotel has a small work out room, but no pool. there is a &quot;Grill on the Alley&quot; restaurant off the lobby, and a breakfast room in the morning. Breakfast was ala carte, and very expensive. We did not eat in the hotel Grill, but had breakfast, and while the service and the food was good, it was pricey, $18 for the 2 egg breakfast.A wine reception was held in the lobby from 5:30-7pm. 10 minute complimentary neck massages were given on a first come basis.The hotel was very clean, however the 300 count linens on the &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot; bed were poly cotton and pilling. The top duvet was higher grade, and very lovely. Some of the towels in the bathroom were brand new, but not absorbent. Again, they were cotton blends, so it was like drying yourself with waxed paper. A few extra washings before using might have helped. The other towels were just fine.One very strange item I noticed...usually morning papers are complimentary, but in small print on the key holder it stated that the USA Today delivered to your room was .75. If you did not wish to receive it,, contact the front desk, and .75 would be deducted from your bill. So much for &quot;free press&quot; The Westin Michigan Avenue at the AARP Rate was a fair value for a downtown Chicago hotel, however if others are available, I would not make this my first choice.	
Oct 13 2008 	best customer service	unknown to me my friends had called ahead and mentioned it was my birthday...upon my arrival, there were chocolate covered strawberries, drinks, balloons and a card signed by the entire front desk staff in the room. i feel that shaun and the entire front office team at this hotel went above and beyond to surprise and delight me. the views are also wonderful of the city being right on mich ave and nobody can deny how very comfortable the westin heavenly beds are...i would stay here over and over again!!	
Oct 12 2008 	Great staff! Great Views!	First off let me tell you that I live in the suburbs and staying downtown on a beautiful Chicago weekend is something I look forward to. It was my friend's birthday weekend and we decided to make the best out of it by getting a room and shopping. When I booked my room online, I then called the concierge and spoke to Rhoda who was more then sweet. I told her that me and my gal pals were staying downtown for her birthday for one night. She said that she'd take care of everything! I was worried because that's all she said. When we checked in Friday night, Hannah, who was so sweet and helpful said we had a very, very nice room and asked us what brought us to Michigan Avenue. We told her it was for a birthday and she gave us some suggestions as to where to eat and if we needed anything she'd be at the desk until 11pm. She came around the pod (very rare at most hotels) and showed us where our elevator was. We got up to our room to find we had been upgraded to a suite! There was a table of chocolate covered strawberries and a happy birthday balloon personalized with my friends name by the window. Best of all, there was a birthday card signed by everyone at the front desk. Even the front office director, Sean Vanger had signed it too! The whole night was so fun and breathtaking that we just stayed and enjoyed our room and the gorgeous view! The city is something we treasure and all the great buildings and the views are spectacular! On our way down to the lobby our housekeeper even said good morning and how was our night? As we got off the elevator the bellstaff was eager to see where we were headed and asked us if we enjoyed our stay. Although we were sad to leave, we decided to have them hold our luggage and walked to breakfast. The day was perfect and the staff couldn't be more helpful. If you want a truly amazing experience my friends and I recommend the Westin Michigan Avenue. And to make it a truly memorable one, just let your front desk agent or concierge know why you are there and they will take care of the rest! For all my special Chicago weekends, the Westin Michigan Avenue is our new hotel of choice!! Worth every penny!!!!!!!!	
Oct 9 2008 	Location Location Location	We love the location of this hotel right on Michigan Ave..We can walk to most restaurants, to the lakefront, to Millenium park, Navy Pier. For any place too far to walk to or in case of inclement weather, it's easy to take advantage of Chicago's excellent transportation service. We bought two day CTA passes and used them to get to Wrigley Field and the Aquarium among other places. We walked to our architectural boat tour on the river(excellent - take it!). No need for a car or taxis. This is the main reason we return to this hotel. We paid extra for a lake view but only got a partial view as we were on the 18th floor. So if you want and pay for a lake view ask for a higher floor. We arrived too early to check in but they kept our luggage safe and delivered it promptly to our room. The previous descriptions of the rooms are accurate - they're fine but not special. Housekeeping was ok. We were only given one bar of soap, had to call for another also for sufficient towels and to have a light bulb changed. There were no shower caps and no sign advising us to call the desk if we'd forgotten anything (toothbrushes etc.) as many &quot;lesser &quot;hotels have.	
Sep 29 2008 	We would return	We just returned from a very nice stay at the Westin on Michigan Ave. We were attending a wedding in Chicago and received a good rate so we booked the hotel. Check in was very easy, we were given a room on the 18th floor with a decent view. The room was small but clean and adequate. The bathroom was a nice size with a lot of counter space. While the closet was average in hanging space, it was a &quot;semi-walkin&quot; which had more than enough room for suitcases as well - a big plus. As others have posted, the location is terrific. We were able to walk to virtually every place we went. (We also had amazing weather so this helped as well). The fitness room was fine. The treadmill was nice and there were about 4 of them so I did not have to wait on a Sat. morning to run. If I received a good rate, I would stay at this hotel again. The only negative was the charge for the rollaway that they put on our check -out bill that should not have been there. Once I pointed out that the rollaway was for a child and that I had it on my confirmation sheet as included in the pre-paid rate, they removed it from my bill.	
Sep 27 2008	Good place for our Wedding Party	My wife and I got married one weekend in September in Chicago, and although our wedding was not at the Westin (the reception was across the street), we booked approximately 20+ rooms in the hotel throughout the weekend. Nicole at check-in made the check-in experience worthwhile because she made sure that we had the very best possible rooms in the hotel. At one point, our wedding party and guests had almost all the suites in the hotel. The hotel was perfectly situated for our guests from out of town because of its proximity to the local attractions and shopping. The staff was very accommodating, with whom we were very impressed. The hotel facility shows some wear and tear and could probably use some improvements, but our experience was very satisfactory.	
Sep 25 2008 	Soviet Westin: Not for Business Travelers	This hotel was a great disappointment for a business trip. First, the air conditioning was not adequate for a late September afternoon in Chicago. I arrived in the room at about 230pm and had to work. The AC had been off. I fired it up, but it took hours on a not very hot day to make the room tolerable. I was sweating through my business shirt --- something that wouldn't happen at the Days Inn or Embassy Suites -- chains not usually mentioned in the same breath as the Westin.I was unable to get the Front Desk to answer or Conceirge, despite repeated calls. The hotel simply does not have enough staff to handle the crowds. Check-in was a 15 minute ordeal at an off hour.My breakfast was botched. I asked for Special K, at Soviet Westin I got Total. I asked for Grapefruit, but at the Soviet Westin they do not have fresh grapefruit. Odd.My telephone lacked its base, so it slid across the glass table constantly -- bad for business calls (manager: check it out - Room 1107).The good points: 1) Gold Coast location is superb; 2) Heavenly Bed still good. The gym is B-plus; but completely full at 6AM -- Manager, it needs expansion.This is a hotel with a great brand and location and very poor execution.	
Sep 8 2008	Great weekend getaway in Chi town	Great location and friendly staff. Enjoyed a great a weekend getaway....did not feel like you are in a &quot;crazy&quot; downtown hotel.	
Sep 7 2008 	Decent location good gym.	stayed on 14 floor with partial city view . The Michigan Avenue area is a fun area..lots of taverns, night clubs.. rather swanky.Hotel has a nice vibe - semi-southbeachyPleasant fragrance throughout the hotelRoom is kind of small..so is bathroom(+) Big.. REAL Big HD TV... nice !.. stay away from the mini-bar... $28.00 for a petite bottle of wine.... Ouch !Gym - on 3rd floor has free weights anf a few machines..reasonable space	
Sep 1 2008 	Fabulous stay at the Westin	We got married in Chicago in July and decided to stay at the Westin. We had a beautiful room that overlooked Bloomingdales on one side and the Hancock building on the other. The staff were friendly and helpful. Our room was gorgeous and clean. The Westin made our wedding night so special and gave us a wonderful card in our room as well as some late night treats to celebrate our special day. We couldn't have been more comfortable. We had an excellent stay and would stay again. We plan to come back for our anniversary. I can't thank the Westin and the manager Brian Quinn enough who went out of his way to make our stay memorable.	
Aug 28 2008	DO NOT have your wedding room block here!!!	We had our wedding room block here in August for our wedding (our wedding was not at the hotel though). We had nothing but issues, issues, and more issues. It was the biggest problem that we had in all of our wedding plans. The hotel itself is nice, clean, and the beds are very comfortable. I have no complaints about the quality of the hotel and furnishings.Our first issue was that we were misled about the nature of the room block. We were reassured that when the initial block was filled, we would be able to add 5 more rooms at a time, no problem whatsoever. What they failed to mention was that they would hassle with us about the room rate. Next issue, my grandfather needed a handicapped room. The reservation was made 8 months in advance, and when he checked in....no handicapped room for him. Had to wait 24 hrs. for a handicapped room. Unexcusable. Next issue, multiple guests were not able to check in by 3 pm. One guest had driven from Canada and was not able to check into her room until 7 pm. This was because someone was still occupying the room. They reassured her this person would be charged. They did not however offer her another room, or offer anything to her at all! Again, unexcusable.Next issue, the gift bags I provided for the guests were not properly delivered to the right guests. I had provided a typed, very clear list of which guests were to receive bags to the bellman (this is the Westin's policy). I had to speak with the bellman multiple times about gift bags not being delivered. I should not have to do this the weekend I am getting married!! The biggest issue...they charge $2.50 per gift bag. When I'm paying for this service, it should be done correctly. The service at this hotel is ridiculously unexcusable!!!	
Aug 26 2008 	Wonderful Westin!	My family and I had a wonderful stay at this hotel! It is in the perfect location for great Chicago site seeing and the great service and the spacious rooms made our great trip even better. Everything was clean and perfect just as you'd expect to find in a nice, professional hotel in downtown Chicago. We were given free lemonade in the afternoons and a receptionist at the front desk gave me a postal stamp for free when I couldn't find my change. Overall the hotel was great, and I'd definitely go back!	
Aug 25 2008 	Awesome weekend in Chicago!!	We came to Chicago to see the Cubbies and take in some cuisine. The Westin was awesome! We arrived a little early (10am) and the room was not quite ready, no worries, the staff treated us to a cup of coffee and we went next door to the water tower to shop. The staff called us on our phone about 45 minutes later to tell us our room is ready, they took our bags to the room, gave us a wonderful river view on the 26th floor. Moreover, the Cubs were playing the Washington Nationals that weekend, and the Nationals stayed at this hotel! I had coffee with Ryan Zimmerman and Walt Harris (Nationals players) that Saturday before the game. If it is good enough for Major League Baseball, its good enough for me! Also, say hello to Mark Weiner, the sales manager, if you have a chance. Mark has wonderful contacts in Chicago and can make awesome recommendations for anything.	
Aug 22 2008 	Loved the hotel!	I stayed at The Westin Michigan Avenue last weekend and you could tell the results of the renovations were well worth the money. I stayed in a corner Crown Suite with a great view looking down Michigan Avenue. The staff was cordial and very accommodating. I was most impressed with the fresh flowers in the lobby and with how helpful the concierge was in making dinner suggestions.Great hotel with a great location in a great city.	
Aug 19 2008 	Great Girls Weekend	I stayed at the Westin on Michigan Ave with a group of my girlfriends over Memorial Day. We were pleasantly surprised how nice the interior is and appears to have been recently remodeled. You can't beat the location as it is perfect for exploring downtown Chicago. We found the staff to be very helpful as they accommodated our off check-in/check-out times, arranged a limo to take 15 girls to another area of Chicago and were very friendly. This is a great hotel for a weekend in Chicago!	
Aug 17 2008	A bad experience at the Westin	I am a SPG member and a starwood and westin fan in general, but had a bad experience on a business trip that I thought was worth sharing. Stayed here in early August, and was exhausted and in need of sleep. Had a family with two small (and very loud) children next to me, who came in very loudly at around 10:30 p.m. and continued to scream, jump on beds, etc for about two to three hours after that. I know that Westin can't control the bad behavior of their guests, but was disappointed that 1) business guests are put in adjoining rooms to families with young children. The adjoining room made it sound like they were standing right by my bed; and 2) though I am a preferred guest, they were unable to get me another room. Security had to come up twice to quiet these people down (why were their kids up and jumping on beds at 12:30 a.m.?), and I finally did get to sleep, but have to say it was an unpleasant experience.	
Aug 12 2008 	Great Stay!	We had a great stay at the Westin right before Thanksgiving. The accomodations and staff were all wonderful. We will definatly stay at the Westin Michigan Avenue again. The location was great.	
Aug 10 2008 	Wonderful stay!	We booked this hotel through priceline for $80. We were so impressed with the hotel's decor and our rooms. Of course the beds were amazing, and the room and bathroom was large. And when the cleaning person accidentally knocked over my make up bag, someone went to macy's and replaced the cracked eyeshadow. We had no idea any of this had even happened and came back to the hotel to a sweet note and new make up. Very kind. The front desk staff was very nice and quick. Internet is free in their lobby which has plenty of comfortable seating. And the location is fantastic. We loved our stay!	
Aug 9 2008 	Not bad at all	I recently stayed at this hotel and was satisfied with everything. The check in staff was swift and very courteous. The rooms were appointed very well- with the exception of the lounge chair- it was kinda stuffed in the corner; but that was not a big deal.The bathrooms were ample and had tons of counter space. The drainage in the shower was a bit lacking but nothing that would ruin a trip.I was offered a room with two beds or one upon check in and I asked for something with a view and it was suggested I take a room with the two beds. The view was of the Hancock building and the street below. I stayed on the 20th floor.I was attending a conference at the hotel and it was the perfect location for everything I wanted to do while there. The shops and food nearby were abundant and all served wonderful food.As one of the other posters mentioned they offer free 10 minute massages in the evening M-Thurs. I did not partake, but watched as others did so. The conference rooms were a bit on the cold side and was a little distracting for both the presenters and participants.I did not have any of the noise issues that others described. I occassionally heard a toilet flush, but again, this did not concern me or ruin the hotel/trip experience for me.The beds were comfortable and linens were nice as well.I enjoyed my stay and I have to go back to the same hotel in a coupla weeks. I am excited about the opportunity to stay there again and would gladly return to this hotel.The public restrooms were impressive because they were so well kept.I was impressed with this hotel and did not see a lot of things to complain about at all.Overall, I stick with my rating and if I were to pay for a trip, I would gladly stay and recommend this particiular hotel to anyone.Well done Westin!	
Aug 8 2008 	Dissapointed with this Westin	Stayed at the Westin Michigan Avenue, Chicago for 3 nights in July, 2008. I'm a Starwood Preferred Guest Member and booked the hotel via Hotel Website using the Cash and Points option. I used 4800pts and paid $90 cash per night.First off I would like to say that this hotel has a great location especially if your into shopping but I was dissapointed overall. The hotel is rated a category 5. I personally think this hotel should be rated not much more than a 3. They don't even have a pool. The rooms are nothing special. Just your average size rooms. I ended up with a room with no view. Just a view of some sort of apartment building at the back of the hotel. The bathroom was nice and had an oversized marble vanity with a sink which I thought was a waste of space. These rooms need some updating. No Flat screen T.V.s. The concierge was helpfull and the front desk staff seemed nice. I would recommend the Westin Chicago River North instead. It is in the same category and I found it to be better overall. I don't think I will be returning to this location. Too pricey for what you get unless you want location.	
Aug 6 2008 	Very disappointed!	For a so-called 4-star hotel the Westin Michigan Avenue leaves much to be disired. Upon check-in we were told the only rooms available were near the elevators and we should check-in later to ensure a room away from the elevators. We checked in four hours later and they put us right next to the elevators. The TV in our room was nearly unwatchable due to a snowy picture. We called the front desk and were told we could move rooms, but any other room we moved to would be a downgrade from what we had (which had a nice view of Michigan Avenue). The toilet also backed up multiple times over the weekend.Compared to comperable hotels in other &quot;destination&quot; cities we've stayed in the Westin Michigan Avenue is below average. For the rate we paid we shouldn't have had the problems we did. The hotel's engineer did all he could as far as the TV was concerned, but he couldn't fix the problem. Aside from his help we were only offered apologies with each problem. In addition, parking rates were $46/day. We kept our car an extra hour in parking and were charged $20 for one hour!! All-in-all it was a very disappointing experience.	
Jul 29 2008	Great location value	I attended a conference at this hotel, staying for 5 nights. The hotel was clean and nice. I appreciated the great downtown location. I would definitely recommend this hotel. I had a special club room that had better decor than the regular rooms. The workout facility is really nice and overlooks city streets. The only complaint I really have is that some of the food that was served by the hotel for our conference was underwhelming. I ate nearly all of my meals as buffets provided by the hotel for our company. It was certainly serviceable but many of the dishes lacked flavor. It is a fun hotel.	
Jul 29 2008 	Westin Michigan Avenue--Great Place to Stay!!	We stayed at the Westin Michigan Avenue in late July 2008. This hotel is in a wonderful location and it is convenient to walk to everything! The staff at the hotel was so friendly and accommodating. The rooms were very nice and roomy. I would not want to stay anywhere else if I went back to Chicago! What a great city!! We had a wonderful time!	
Jul 24 2008 	"Magnificent" location and more	Review by a Kansas City travelerHas to be one of best locations in the city. Rooms are efficient and comfortable, great beds. The fitness room had ample space and good well-maintained equipment. Liked the bar but did not have dinner in the grill. Concierge staff made great recommendation for restaurant.	
Jul 23 2008 	Perfect Location for my family	As the other reviewers stated - I too was a little skeptical after reading some of the other reviews. However, I got the best laugh out of the traveler who wanted a better view but overlooked a brick wall. The minute you arrive in the city - you can see the buildings are all pressed next to each other so not everyone will have a great &quot;view&quot;. Regardless, my hotel stay was more than I expected. I booked the hotel via the Westin toll free number and the customer service agent was very helpful with different dates and prices. The location was perfect for my family. American Girl Place right across the street, Disney Store, Hershey, Borders - shopping for me at Ralph Lauren's, Bloomingdales, Filene's and H&amp;M - all within a city block. (Traveling with two eight year olds)The room was very nicely furnished - two double Heavenly beds, a chaise lounge, desk, dresser, minibar. No, there wasn't a flat screen but personally, I could care less if the TV is a flat screen..I watch a bit of the news, the weather and I am off exploring the city and doing things &quot;outside&quot; of the room. Nice size bathroom area - hot showers in the AM. Clean carpet - clean room. USA Today at more door in the AM. Hairdryer and the usual bottles of shampoo, conditioner, body wash, etc. (which some hotels have cut back on). My view were other buildings. But got to people watch a bit. My sister and I hit the lobby for the 5:30 - 7:30 - R&amp;R time - massages if you want as well as cold tea &amp; fruit. We checked out the fitness room but did not use it - but there were a handful of people in their working out while looking at the Hancock building. Nice equipment.Check in personnel was very friendly. GIft shop personnel friendly. Asked the concierge for some information - she was very matter of fact. I wouldn't say she was over friendly..just business like. I actually got information about a place to eat breakfast from the concierge/information girl at Water Tower Place - now she was friendly and more informative. Used the hotel valet to park the carcar ($46 per day) which was around the norm for most of the hotels. Our maid was really nice - gave us extra towels and coffee with a smile when we asked for it. Smiled when we asked her anything - seemed to like her job. We walked three blocks Wednesday night from our hotel to Lake Shore to watch the fireworks at Navy Pier (Fireworks every Wednesday and Saturday night). Nice walk - felt safe (we didn't take wallets or purses) and enjoyed the fireworks. Lots of locals out walking their dogs, other families walking to enjoy the fireworks, door men greeting us with a good evening. We travel to Chicago every summer - we will stay at the Westin again!	
Jul 23 2008 	Great location for shopping	Great location if you want to shop till you drop as it's right on Michigan Avenue! Bar is good and busy with guests and people off the street.Room was large (2 x double beds) and clean. Unfortunately there was quite a lot of noise from the corridors when people were walking past talking - one of the first hotels I've been in where this was a problem.Hotel was busy with conferences and meetings but I think that is true of most hotels in Chicago.	
Jul 22 2008	Bring ear plugs	We have stayed at four Chicago hotels ( Ambassador East, Majestic, Drake, westin) in the year since my daughter started working in Chicago, this is the only one I would not recommend. We were put in room 1011, which is behind the elevator cable shaft. All night we heard what I call the &quot;zipper in a dryer &quot; sound, only it was louder. I came close to taking a blanket to the lobby and sleeping in a chair. In the morning when we complained, the clerk said 'we checked in too late (5:00 PM)' and also said that 'the hotel engineer was working on the problem'. If she knew of a problem, why did she put someone in that room? This is probably the last Westin experience I have.	
Jul 22 2008 	Westin on Michigan Ave-great!	We stayed here for a girls weekend and it was perfect. GREAT location, good service, lovely rooms, reasonable prices. I would recommend to anyone traveling to Chicago who wants to stay downtown!!	
Jul 18 2008	Great Trip to Chicago	The Westin Michigan is in a great location, central to everything. The service was outstanding. We had a wonderful trip to Chicago and the hotel enhanced the experience.	
Jul 17 2008 	A good experience on business travel	I stayed here for one night and had a very good experience. The location is great, room service was good (although the menu was limited). I understand that the hotel provides free massages between 5:30 and 7pm each weeknight. They also have kiosks that allow you to check in for flights. A very good exercise room for a hotel. My only complaint is that about 20 minutes after I checked in, housekeeping knocked on the door and entered before I had a chance to say &quot;yes&quot; or &quot;come in&quot;.	
Jul 16 2008 	Better then I expected!	My husband and I spent 3 nights at the Westin last week and LOVED it. I have to admit I was a little nervous to see what we were getting as most of the reviews I saw were not good. I had low expectations and they completly exceeded them. Our flight was extremely delayed(5 hours) and was arriving early in the morning. I called the Westin to let them know and they checked us in over the phone, so that when we got to the hotel at 7am and wanted to crash they had the room all ready. The room was very large and the bed was extremely comfortable. We didn't have a Michigan Avenue View room, but could slightly see Lake Michigan and actually liked seeing all the different buildings. We ordred room service for a late lunch and it was fast and delicious. Also, we got an amazing rate for booking in advance thru the hotel website and I highly suggest doing that. The only downfall was concierge. They always seemed extremely busy and seemed in a rush to get us handled and out of there way, not very friendly. Overall we loved the hotel and it's location. When I go back to Chicago I am most definetly staying at the Westin.	
Jul 16 2008 	Great location right on Michigan Avenue	We stayed here over spring break while looking at colleges in Chicago. We booked our room through the hotel website and got the room at the internet price, which is pretty cheap but must be paid in advance. This was almost a problem for us since our original flight into O'Hare got cancelled, but worked out in the end.The location was the best part of this hotel, just steps off of Michigan Avenue. We never saw the lake, but some of the rooms may have a lake view. We relied on the trains to get us around while in Chicago and found them to be convenient to the this hotel (just a couple blocks away).The room was sparse but comfy. The Heavenly bed was only a double, but was soft and snuggly nonetheless. We didn't have time to look around the hotel to see the workout facilities or eat at the restaurants, so I can't comment on those.I would recommend staying here if you want to be close to Michigan Avenue but don't want to pay outrageous prices and don't need lots of frills.	
Jul 14 2008 	Great Location but a little pricey!	My husband and I make an annual trip to Chicago for a meeting and chose to stay at the Westin Michigan Avenue. Overall...a great location on Michigan Avenue, but that came with a few issues.We are members of SPG and were booked on the awards floor, however our room was located directly behind the elevator and the noise of the elevator kept me awake into the night. The rooms themselves were the typical Westin Heavenly Bed and very nice and clean, but small. The restaurant in the lobby was nice, but a little overpriced. One thing I did notice was the traffic in the lobby during the day. It seemed to be a place that many of the hotel patrons camped out...maybe because the internet access was free down there. Overall...it was an okay experience, so this year we will be trying another hotel..	
Jul 11 2008 	Watch out! Lousy Room two rooms from elevator almost 1/2 size facing building	Staying a hotel with a conference...and we are polite people that would never complain. We were given this room a bit early with the comment that is was a &quot;little down from the elevator,&quot; but ready. I commented at registration that we really wanted a quiet room. We are Starwood members and did get the SPECIAL FLOOR. The room is so noisy I am sitting in the bathroom writing this at 1:15 unable to sleep due to CONSTANT elevator and noisy from rooms on both sides. Our lovely, expensive room literally has a view of buildings directly across, beautiful up close bricks. In addition to this, our room is barely large enough for the King size bed. The room is NOT standard size, because we have seen in the larger rooms across the way, with views. What a disappointing experience! One lovely thing, we couldn't book the additional nights on Friday and Saturday (no rooms available) and are moving around the corner to the Hilton for the last two nights of our stay in Chicago. SO beware, what you pay for at the Westin.. may be much less than you receive. Sleepy school psychologist	
Jul 10 2008 	Disappointed.	We recently stayed at the Westin for a couple of nights. I generally am a fan of Westins. I can't say that I am a big fan of this hotel though.First, the positives. 1) Location. Perfect for our needs.2) Comfortable beds.Now, the negatives.1) SERVICE!! My wife stopped at the front desk on her way in from shopping and realized she didn't have her key on her. She requested one and went up to the room. Of course the key didn't work. The cleaning lady was at the room next door. She refused to help and insisted my wife use the house phone to call the front desk. She did this 30 minutes after she came in our room as we were leaving and had a conversation with my wife. Fine, whatever. So my wife proceeds to call the front desk to let them know that the key they JUST GAVE HER does not work. She asked if someone could come up with another key for her. They said no, that she would have to come down. Now, I would expect this reaction at a Red Roof Inn, but not at a supposed higher end hotel. Also, it should be noted that this was at 1:30 on a Monday afternoon. It was dead in the lobby, so being busy was not an excuse. All they had to do was have a bell man come up with a key. My wife certainly would have tipped him. Anyway, when I stopped by the front desk later that day to complain the woman that the desk said, &quot;I don't know why a bell man couldn't have taken the key up to you&quot;. No sorry, instead an &quot;Oh well&quot;. 2) The barking dog. Now, I really like dogs, but not when they are barking while I am trying to sleep a few doors down. Maybe something could be done to keep them all on the same floor.3) Running toilet. After flushing the toilet it would run, very loudly, for about 10 minutes. I didn't call maintenance, so this is partially my fault.In summary, I don't know that I would stay here again. There are a lot of other choices in the immediate vicinity and I will probably stay at one of those the next time I am in Chicago.	
Jul 3 2008 	Nice Stay at the Westin!	I stayed here during a major convention in Chicago. The hotel has a great location and is close to everything. I was in a King room with a view of the lake/MI Ave. At check in, I just kindly asked for a nice room with a view and the rep was thrilled to offer me this room. The room was nice and had been renovated. The first day/night the AC did not work properly—it got hot. But, a call in the AM got the fixed quickly. I felt the bathroom was large and liked the long counter to store stuff on. They upgraded the room and should have done the same with the TV- not a flat screen. The valet parking fees are a bit steep as was room service- but you are in downtown Chicago. The concierge was very helpful with offering suggestions on how to walk to the “L” and for places to eat. It is true, the walls are thin and you can hear doors slamming in the night. Perhaps, the hotel should look into installing a soft close feature to the door. Minor complaints though and I would choose to stay there again. The location cannot be beat!	
Jun 25 2008 	$409 for a MURPHY BED... for a PLATINUM Starwood Hotels member	If you are part of the Starwood platinum guest program, don't expect a decent bed, not to mention any kind of an upgrade. Not at this property.I arrived at 3am., Chicago time, due to my delayed flight. Obviously, I had to go to bed ASAP as there was a 7am meeting. Checked in and, went up to the room. Here's the big surprise...****Got a TINY room with a MURPHY BED... for $409!!!!!!! [--]I've never been so insulted, not even in hotels where I have NO status. As a platinum member, I would have expected a decent room... not THE WORST room possible. I don't care if I checked in at 3am... they should not have put me in that room to begin with. Especially not at the rate I booked it at. For $409 I could probably have stayed in a five star property. The main reason why I picked this hotel was the fact that it was a Starwood hotel and, I am usually treated like a VIP at these properties due to my loyalty. At 3am., I did not have the time nor energy to spend arguing with the front desk. When I called down to complain, they said that they'd give me a 50% reduction off my rate. Whoop dee freakin doo... Since I went from the hotel to my meeting and then straight to the airport to catch my next flight for the next meeting, there really wasn't much time to do anything about this abysmal experience. If they treat platinum members like this, I can't imagine how they'd treat a regular guest on a pleasure trip. Just stay away... far away.This experience makes me really think twice about my platinum status with Starwood.	
Jun 17 2008 	Great location but horrible room	This was a 4-star hotel merely because of the location and restaurant, which is independently owned and operated. The room contained their &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot; and there was nothing &quot;divine&quot; about it.....it was hard and so were the pillows. The toilets are so noisy that you can hear a flush 3 rooms away and the halls are rather noisy as well. Climate control in the room was barely adequate while the hallways were like refrigerators. The Grill restaurant was the best part of the stay &amp; we couldn't even earn Starpoints for that!	
Jun 16 2008 	We loved our stay	We recently had a wonderful 2 night stay at this hotel. From our greeting from the front desk clerk, to the bellman to housekeeping, our experience was excellent. The recent renovations were very noticeable and the hotel looked and smelled new. The room was very nicely appointed and the king size bed and bedding as good as home. You just can't beat this location. While we have been to Chicago many times in the past, this was our first time staying at this hotel. It will not be our last.	
May 19 2008 	Not bad but not great	Went to Chicago for my bachelor party and ended up getting a great deal on the Westin through Priceline. After reading the reviews, I wasn't quite sure what I was getting myself into. After staying two nights, I must agree with pretty much all of the reviews. The Pros:Location. It's great. Right next to the John Hancock building and close to everything you want to see on Michigan Ave. Within walking distance to Rush St. as well. Plus an easy and pretty cheap cab ride pretty much everywhere. The beds are pretty comfortable too even though they are doubles.The Cons:Outdated rooms. Thin walls. The rooms are very average. Our bathtub didn't drain. The walls are so thin, you can honestly hear everything going on down the hall or the room next to you.The Lobby is nice and very inviting and they held our bags for us for free while we walked around before catching a cab to the airport. If you can get this hotel for half of the normal price, go for it. If not, stay away!	
May 15 2008	Thin walls	I recently stayed here for work. When I got off the elevator and realized I was directly across from the elevator I was worried about the noise. But, since I wasn't going to be in my room very much I decided not to change rooms. I quickly realized that it wasn't the noise from the elevators that would bother me, but the noise from the room next door. I heard the phone ringing while I was in the bathroom brushing my teeth and ran into the main room to answer it. I suddenly realized that the phone wasn't ringing in my room, but the room next door! I also heard, verbatum, conversations from the ladies next door to me as well! I never approached the subject with the hotel since these instances occurred while I was getting ready to leave my room and not at night. Whenever I did interact with the staff , they were nice and accommodating and the location was great. It's within easy walking distance to some great shopping and lots of restaurants. The room was comfortable and clean. It did not have a flat screen TV as most better hotels do. It has a small Fitness Center on the 3rd floor with 24 hr access with your room key. I did not personally pay for this room, so I cannot say whether it was a good value or not. All in all a good experience except for the thin guest room walls.	
May 8 2008 	Can't get it right!	In the last year or two, my wife and I have stayed there twice. The first time, they put us in a room right by the elevator shaft. Noisy! It ruined our sleep and entire weekend.Next time we stayed, as guests of some friends of ours, the air-conditioner did not work. The room was about 77 degrees all night. Stifling! It was so hot, I had to sleep with all of the covers off and no cloths on. I called for service, but none (effective, that is) ever showed up.You can do much better than the Westin.	
May 5 2008	Sub-par Westin but fine overall	The location of this Westin can't be beat, but the facilities are definitely showing their age.I booked online, using SPG points and was able to do an early check-in. The room was small but well appointed with two double beds. I was on the SPG preferred floor (12th floor), with a view directly onto the John Hancock building. There was free water every day, as well as turn-down service.Now the negatives. We had issues with the plumbing in the bathroom, and had to call housecleaning to fix it. It was fixed immediately. At the end of the stay, I noticed dried blood (ick!) on the duvet cover. The walls are paper thin. I could hear people in the adjoining room quite clearly. Thankfully, they weren't very noisy, but their morning noises were loud enough to wake me and I'm a pretty sound sleeper. I stayed at this hotel because it was free with points. If I needed to pay out of pocket for my next visit, I'd probably choose another place.	
Apr 28 2008 	RUDE RUDE RUDE!!! and not all that great otherwise!	We stayed at the Westin on Michigan Avenue on April 24 - 27, 2008. I DO NOT recommend it! We chose it because of the great location. We were told that we had to use a bus boy and that we had to valet park for $46/ night. As I was checking in (we reserved 2 adjoining rooms), we were treated rudely by the front desk. I politely asked if they had our Starwood Preferred Guest number on file for the reservations. They did, but we were not offered an upgrade (we're Gold preferred level) like the gentleman next to us. The rooms were fine, but nothing special. Then we realized that our toilet was leaking and actually broken. When my husband called down to report the leak, he was again treated quite rudely. Our toilet was leaking water all over the floor for goodness sake - it's not like we were that picky! The bathtub also didn't drain well and the shower curtain was dirty.We stopped by the concierge desk on 5 different occasions over our 3 night stay and each time, we were brushed off. It was like we were bothering them! I do have to say that one of the front door people and one of the bus boys were extremely nice and helpful, but if it wasn't for them, I would have given the experience an even worse rating.	
Apr 27 2008 	Great location Horrible hotel	This Westin has a terrific location; a short walk to all major stores and great sites. However, a dreadful hotel experience beyond that. Towels were yellowed, leaking windows, terrible room service meals that had to be returned because food was rotten, very sub-par decor in rooms. We were lucky to get a great rate by using Starwood points ($90/night), but this room is not worth more than that. I would rate this hotel at a Motel 6 level. If you are looking for a perfect location, this is a wonderful place. However, do not expect anything but 2-star service.	
Apr 16 2008 	No where close to Westin quality	If you want to sleep during your stay at this hotel, don't get a room on the 14th floor! (Starwood Preferred Level) The doors are paper thin and you hear every other guest's door slam shut starting at about 6AM. There's about a 1inch gap under each door, so light blasts in throughout the night (I did thow a couple pillows there to block the light and sound, but didn't work.) The door dividing the adjoining guest room is completely ridiculous...it's so thin, you can hear the other guest using the bathroom and brushing their teeth.Service from hotel staff is lacking. No one takes ownership for problems with the exception of one front desk agent named Kira who was really amazing.	
Apr 10 2008	Horrible hotel experience	My boyfriend and I checked into the Westin for a one night stay and didn't carry high expectations to start off with because of the short stay. I was already disappointed when I pulled into the hotel entrance because we had no clue where the bell hopper was, valet service nor did the hotel have signs as to where to park. I physically had to go into the hotel and flag down a bell hopper and have him explain to me where the parking entrance was. I don't expect people to treat us celebrities but I thought it was common courtesy for most hotels to greet and assist their guests upon arrival. The only &quot;view&quot; the hotel had faced Michigan Avenue, yet we switched rooms because although our first room had a view, we weren't satisfied with it due to size and aura. We actually requested a higher upgrade and even offered to pay more, but supposedly all the rooms were booked, so we settled for a slightly larger one with no view. The &quot;horrible experience&quot; started when we returned from the bar only to realize there was no running water throughout the entire hotel, which I believe is a safety violation. Front desk did not have an exact answer as to when this problem would be fixed so we gave up and decided to just call it a night without washing up. What front desk did not tell us was that &quot;fixing&quot; the water issue would lead to excessive noise that would keep us up the entire night. Repeat: entire night. The water did start running in the morning, but not properly. The hotel comped us for the night's stay, however I've traveled extensively throughout my lifetime and stayed in numerous hotels ranging from 2-5 stars and this is by far the worse hotel experience I've had.	
Apr 9 2008 	what a nightmare	This Westin has surely a problem, every single day of my staying I had to call (you have to guess what is the number to call because in the room there is nothing that tell you which is the one for housekeeping or anything else) because the maid forgot to leave the card for breakfast in the room, once a sleepy person answer and told me that he will bring it up, 11.00pm, I waited half an hour, I had to call back and another person told me that I could order my breakfast just telling him what I wanted, I do I Know if I don't have a list?The next day I had to go downstairs.At check out on the bill I notice a 41.46 dollars for refreshment center, I only had 2 beer and 1 pepsi, they took off 36.66.I've never felt so inconsiderately treated as in this hotel.Maybe the manager should try harder and check his staff a little bit more	
Apr 2 2008	Good Location Good Service	Stayed here for a business trip. Location is great, right in Michigan Avenue and close to mayor retail and food locations. Rooms are clean, modern, and serviced promptly. Staff was always helpfull. Will visit again.	
Mar 29 2008	Big Disappointment	Stayed here on business. My room had just been updated and the smells from the carpet and fabrics gave me the worst sinus headache. Everything in the room looked cheap. The hotel breakfast in The Grille was good. BIG SHOCK: $49 PER NIGHT TO PARK THE RENTAL CAR!!!!!!!!!	
Mar 24 2008	Far from four star!	I got a good rate from Hotwire and was looking forward to a bit of luxury at this four star hotel. Unfortunately my experience of the Westin was far from four star.The room was dark, and the windows were covered in condensation. There was mold on the window sill. The bed was comfy, and the bathroom was nice. There was no bathrobe in the closet, so I rang down for one. Later on I took a bath and put on the robe--so far so good. But later on I realized the robe was filthy. Worst of all there was a big smear of blood (or worse) on the inside. When I took it down to show the manager the next day he said sorry, but was obviously barely interested. How does something like that happen? They never did give me a clean bathrobe. On checking out I noticed that they had charged me nearly $100 for parking--I don't drive! I've stayed in many many hotels all over the world, some of them four or five stars. But even in the one star places, I've never felt so inconsiderately treated. If you're looking for a four star hotel in Chicago, I'd advise staying elsewhere.	
Mar 14 2008 	Enjoyed the Westin	This was my first time using Hotwire to book a room and I was pleased to find that I reserved the Westin on Michigan Ave for for $99 a night. I called the hotel after booking with Hotwire and requested two beds which they made note of on the reservation. We stayed two nights, arriving at 10:00am and were allowed to check-in early. The room was clean and comfortable. Loved the beds and all the pillows they provided. After shopping all day, we returned to find that they had already replaced towels we had used after arriving that morning. The staff was very friendly and helpful, answering all our questions regarding where to get a quick bite to eat late at night, how to access the free wi-fi in the lobby and where to buy bus passes. This Westin has a computer in the lobby where we checked-in for our return flight and printed boarding passes at no charge. They also kept our luggage for us after we checked out having a couple of hours left before leaving for the airport.Great value from Hotwire and excellent service from the Westin.	
Mar 12 2008 	Location DOESN'T make up for the rest...	I walked into my room on the 8th floor to quickly find my room behind the elevator...not &quot;near the elevator&quot; like the front desk agent told me, but right where I could hear any of the 3 elevators every time they went up or down. It really doesn't help you sleep. After I decided to just make the best of the room (3 nights) upon my checkout I was charged for 4 nights, and in a rush to the airport I paid the incorrect charge - unaware the total bill was completely incorrect (as this was a business trip). After 3 phone calls and dealing with 2 EXTREMELY rude people from the accounting department, I finally got the charges resolved. My main point for writing this is: the Westin brand is stronger than this and having to sleep in a loud room (at a spa hotel!) and deal with inconsiderate hotel employees is not what I expected. Better luck to you if you decided to stay there!	
Jan 26 2008 	Can't wait to go back!	We decided to go to Chicago in June/July 2007 for the Taste of Chicago. This Westin property is nice! The rooms are a little small but comfortable. The air conditioner was not as cold as we would have liked it, but we like it to be 67 degrees at any given time. Great! Great! location. If you want to put in some walking time this is a great location for that. I tortured my poor husband and made him wak up and down Michigan Ave. The John Hancock observatory is direcly across the street along with the Cheesecake Factory and some other shops for food and drink. The cab ride to the park where the &quot;taste&quot; was being held was a short cab ride away. We also went to see a Cubs game and the visiting team, Milwaukee Brewers, were staying at our hotel. There were several children and people standing outside of the hotel, but the hotel made them stay across the street until the players were getting on the bus and then the fans could come over and ask for autographs. The cab ride down to Wrigley Field was about 20 minutes, not too bad considering there were so many people there and cars everywhere. Plenty to see and do down on this end of Michigan Ave. and staying at this Westin was a great decision. Happy Traveling !	
Jan 2 2008 	Good value for Michigan Ave location	This hotel is a good value given its excellent location.... just across the street from the Hancock and on Michigan Avenue. The room (deluxe king lakeview) was nicely decorated - albeit a bit dark. We loved the &quot;heavenly&quot; bed. The bathroom was spacious and clean. The one thing we noticed, though, was the room itself wasn't real clean. There was dust on the base of lamps and a few cobwebs - on the window and ceiling. We also found stuff left in the drawers by a prior guest (empty condom wrapper was a bit gross to find - though also a bit amusing!). As another reviewer noted - they don't restock the rooms well when cleaning them. We didn't need new soap/shampoo.... but we were short-changed glassware and towels (left with enough bath towels - but only one washcloth). I found a maid in the hall - and she quickly got glasses for me. I also noticed a lot of room service trays left in the hall for hours (as another reviewer mentioned).The staff is all very nice - but seem overworked (short-staffed). Check in was a slow procedure. Even checking in early (noon-ish) - there was a line. We knew we'd have to wait for a room - but then when we came back and hour and a half later (waited in line again) to see if the room was ready - they switched our room (claiming it was an upgrade). When we got to the room (2045) it wasn't an upgrade - just a different deluxe king lakeview than we originally were to get. (Actually, the original room we were to be assigned - 1937 - probably had a slightly better lake view.) We only ate at the restaurant (Grill) for breakfast one morning. The staff was pleasant - but the food was just mediocre (the Oak restaurant across at 900 N Michigan was better for about the same price). Make sure to review your bill completely when you get it (left under our door the last night). We had a rate that was to include valet parking ($219 a night vs. $199 a night - $20 per night for parking which was worthwhile given standard parking rate per night is $46!!). However, our bill included not only a charge for one night parking at $46 - but a $5 charge for a drink from the frig that we never had. We went down to the front desk before breakfast - and the clerk there quickly (and courteously) straightened it out with an apology. All in all - it was a good value for what we paid, given the location. However - they could definitely use more staff!	
Dec 27 2007	Good but not as good as Westin North River just down the road	This hotel is directly across from John Hancock building and in the heart of the Magnificent Mile. However, I found the lobby decor lacking, and the room and service not quite to the Westin experience standard. We stayed at Westin North River less than a mile south and found it exceptional. Westin Michigan Ave would not be my first choice on my next trip to Chicago. There are plenty of similarly priced alternatives to try.	
Dec 5 2007 	Best Location Great Beds	What a wonderful hotel the staff were more than friendly and helpful.. Every afternoon free cold drinks and fruit to eat. The room is more than adequate large comfy beds terrific bathrooms. Very good location to shops restaurants and attractions. Chicago is a very friendly open city. I would stay here again for certain. Why change when you have the best of everything in one place.	
Nov 28 2007	comfy beds	The beds were great, slept like a rock even with my 3 yr old and 16 month old in next room. We were right by elevator but heard nothing, which was great. Bathroom needs work, wall paper peeling. Didn't deal with staff too much appeared friendly though. great location, and clean. our 3 year old slept in a bed that came out of the wall and it was also very comfy! Would stay again.	
Nov 28 2007 	Great city great location...	I stayed here for a conference from a Saturday to a Thursday in November. Using a shuttle service into the city took an age, as the traffic was terrible. I was really looking forward to staying here - I've stayed in Westins before and adore their beds and find the staff really helpful. The location of this place is fantastic - to the north of the Magnificent Mile on Michigan Avenue - the area is clean, safe and friendly with loads of shops right on your doorstep. There are plenty of restaurants and bars on nearby Rush Street and there were always loads of cabs around as there are so many hotels here. The architecture you can see is excellent. The hotel gives the impression of being quite small thanks to a compact, if well decorated check in area. Staff were efficient and fairly friendly, although I wasn't offered assistance with my bags despite having three huge ones! I was a little disappointed with my room. I was given a recently renovated room but there were plenty of scuff marks on the outside of the door and on walls inside - nothing that a lick of paint wouldn't sort out. There was also a huge gap (almost two inches) between the bottom of the door and the floor which was weird and made any corridor noise louder than you'd want. I was a bit concerned too that I was near the elevators but while there was a bit of noise during the day there wasn't shaking or rattling which was nice (both of which I've had before) and the noise was minimal. The room itself was pretty small and the toiletries were only partly topped up once during a 5 night stay which seemed a bit mean. The TV was old and actually needed to warm up before the image was sharp. Everything else was great though - the shower, the bed, the view. The breakfast is expensive but excellent, and service was occasionally brilliant with the odd slack moment. It's served in the Grill, which is also very good for dinner and has a bar attached. It's a nice atmosphere but they should clarify their smoking policy as some nights it was smoking and others not. The staff in the bar were particularly good. There is a small shop selling magazines/drinks etc and also a Starbucks is open in the morning. Slightly longer hours for this would have been appreciated. All in all, a good choice due to its location, the staff and those heavenly beds. But, not as special as some other Westins I've enjoyed before.	
Nov 12 2007 	Better than expected!	I read the reviews on trip advisor and set my expecations low and was pleasantly surprised. We booked through Starwood points.Pros:-location was unbelievable. You can walk or take public transit to everything-room was pleasant (ask for a renovated room)-staff was friendly and efficientCons:-our room had no view-sometimes a little noisy	
Nov 5 2007	Nice Hotel and Great Location	There weren't any WOW moments ... other than they had my room ready for me at 9am when I arrived ... but overall it is a good hotel at a great location.The hotel is clean - staff is really friendly. Conceirge is &quot;hit and miss&quot;. One obviously didn't think I was wearing enough Prada to be important whereas the others were very nice.Room didn't have a view of anything but that was fine because it was clean and well appointed.Interesting design flaw in the bathroom - no rack for hand towels by the sink, all the towels hung over the tub.	
Nov 3 2007	Great Stay nice hotel !	I stayed at the Westin Michigan 3 nights last October and I loved it. Friendly staff, beaufitul lobby, nice room, everything was perfect for me. Right in front of John Hancock Tower, near shopping area, subway station, .... If I return to Chicago, I will book again at the Westin, for sure.	
Oct 14 2007 	Ok VERY slow elevators	I'm lukewarm about my stay here. Pros: -Location! Right on Michigan Avenue in the middle of the shopping district across from the John Hancock building.-The view from my room, #2439 overlooked Lake Michigan, very nice. -Typical friendly and helpful staffCons:-For what my room had in view it lacked in size. Much smaller than other Westins including ones I've stayed at in New York.-Elevator was ridiculously slow!!! Waited 15 minutes for one once to get to the lobby. If you stay here make sure you allow for that time. There are three in total to serve the entire hotel, there were only two working when I stayed there.I can recommend it, but with reservations.	
Oct 2 2007 	Loved enjoyed the westin	I recently stayed at this hotel and loved every minute of it, you could not ask for a better location. The bar downstairs was fun with a great atmosphere and the rooms were spotless, very cozy and comfortable. I loved the idea of the dog biscuits and water bowl at the door of the hotel. Also the lobby was very comfortable to sit and have a coffee from the Starbucks (located in the lobby) watching the world pass by! When I’m lucky enough to visit Chicago again I know where I’ll be staying.	
Sep 13 2007 	Wonderful Stay	Having booked this hotel through Hotwire for a nice low rate over Labor Day Weekend I was a bit concerned with some of the reviews. Those concerns were quickly gone. Our room was on the 19th floor and had a lake view. The room was an average size, we didn't hear anyone in the neighboring rooms or in the hall. The bed was great, we slept so soundly. We had no problems whatsoever and completely enjoyed our stay. The location is very convenient. Would have loved to have had free internet in our room, but we went to the lobby for the free wireless access to quickly check emails. Just couldn't see paying for the internet usuage when we really were not there to use it. There is a self serve kiosk close to the hotel gift shop that provided a link to the airlines to check-in and print boarding passes right there. That was a nice convenience. Would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 7 2007 	Very Bad Experience	Horrible service. The hotel messed up our rooms even though they were pre-paid and booked online. We need a room for three people and had booked a room with two double beds. When we checked in we were told none were available becuase other guests had decided to extend their stay. The hotel had us in a room with 1 bed and an excercise bike. When we told them we had already paid for the hotel room it didn't seem to matter. They ended up giving us a bed with one king and a soifa bed. This room wouldn't work either. The sofa bed had a sign on it that it was broken and the king bed was a murphy bed that was as hard as a rock. This time the manager helped us. We ended up in room with one king size bed with a promise a rollaway bed would be sent up. When we moved rooms we asked the bellman if we needed to call for the rollaway bed and he said he would take care of it. With some hope things would turn out alright we went out for the evening. We got back about 11:30 and still no rollaway bed. It took 3 phone calls to the desk to have one sent up and a wait of an additional hour. We never did get the room we had paid for and the one we were in wasn't worth the money.If you do decide to stay here be forewarned that I only noticed two people at most working the desk and usually about 10 or more people standing in line. The small hotel shop for sundries is supposed to be open until 11:00 but it was closed at various times during the day for anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour.for no apparent reason.The hotel has agreat location but I wouldn't stay here again. There are other hotels nearby and they can't be this badly managed.	
Sep 6 2007 	Nice stay	We used priceline, so we got a great rate at a nice hotel. The location is perfect...close to shopping, eating, the beach, etc. The train station is only 5 blocks away. The staff was helpful and informative for local suggestions, tips and advice. Parking is $46/day, so that is ridiculous, but I had to have a car to drive to a day trip to Indiana.The restaurant in the lobby was good. Our room on the 15th floor was average, but the bathroom was very nicely done. There is no view, but we were sheltered from most of the city noise. The Westin Heavenly bed was wonderful.I would stay here again for the convenient location and the affordability of going through priceline.	
Aug 27 2007 	Great Hotel	Excellent hotel. When we checked in the desk clerk asked if we wanted directions to places or recommendations on where to dine. We took him up on the restaurant recommendations and had three great meals all booked by the excellent concierge. It rained while we were there and we found umbrellas waiting for us in a container by the door as we left the hotel to walk around the city. Although we are not dog owners, I noticed a water dish and a dish of dog treats outside the main doors, a nice added touch for pet lovers. All staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms were very large for a big city hotel and very clean. The five dollar bottle of water you usually see on the desk in a hotel room was complementary at the Westin. The hotel really made our stay enjoyable. We will be back	
Aug 23 2007 	Great location comfortable bed clean room	I stayed a week at this Westin and got a super deal on Hotwire. My main purpose for visiting Chicago was to see the annual Air &amp; Water Show which was scheduled for both Saturday and Sunday with the latter being canceled due to inclement weather.My last visit to this property was over 10 years ago and the hotel lobby has undergone a drastic overhaul since that time. There are many employees on hand and they are very active and willing to assist. The most appealing aspect to this hotel is the location, directly across from the John Hancock Building. There are many other hotel options in that area but I would return to the Westin without hesitation after this experience especially when the cost is factored into the equation.Another impressive part of my stay was the comfort of the bed. This was a treat. The comforter and sheets were equally warming while the mattress was firm yet smooth.As a light sleeper, I dreaded some reviews labeling this a noisy hotel. I didn't find that to be true. In fact, just the opposite. I had a room on the 16th floor and barely noticed any unpleasantness.The room was basic but spotless while the bathroom was spacious and pleasing. The lone negatives: the view was unappealing. Oh well, maybe that is a trade off since a friend stayed at the nearby Intercontinental Hotel and had a marvelous view of Michigan Avenue with the unfortunate accompaniment of typical blaring city sounds. My room at the Westin was at the opposite end of the spectrum: very peaceful but inferior view.Also, the TV channel selection was anemic and the quality of the picture was horrible. While extensive TV viewing isn't a priority when traveling it does have a purpose. I contacted maintenance and a worker arrived literally within five minutes, fixed an unattached cable in the back of the TV and though the result was better for some channels about half of the 20 or so channels offered had dismal image quality. By comparison, the Intercontinental Hotel had a vast selection of channels similar to what most guests probably have in their homes. The Westin needs an upgrade and overhaul here.Overall, a very pleasant stay. The bed gets a 10+ and that is enough to hope my next stay in Chicago comes up this Westin.	
Aug 20 2007 	Smelly noisy and not what you would expect from a Westin	I stayed at the Westin Michigan Avenue Chicago from August 12 - 16, 2007. and had the worst experience of my life. Prior to this stay, I was a great fan of Westin hotels. Since this stay, I'm not sure I will ever stay at a Westin again. And I will definitely never stay at his particular hotel.As soon as I opened the door to my room (1752), I could smell a damp, musty odor, similar to what you might expect at a cheap seaside motel. I tried to phone the front desk, but the telephone didn't work. I went back down to reception and stood in line. When I finally got to the counter and explained the situation, the front desk attendant said that the smell was to be expected because of the humidity. He was completely unsympathetic and unapologetic. He did eventually assign me to a different room (650). This one also had a similar odor but it wasn't as strong as the previous room, so I decided to grin and bear it, especially as I wasn't getting any sympathy from the hotel staff.The next morning, when I tried to turn on a lamp, the neck of the lamp fell off in my hand. I had to reassemble the lamp myself. Then I tried to make a cup of coffee only to find that the coffee maker didn't work. The hairdryer didn't work either. It turned out that the electrical outlet in the bathroom was out of order. Also, the bathroom cabinetry was so badly scratched up, it looked like it had been vandalized. I didn't have time to report any of this as I had to get to my conference.When I returned to my room that evening, the room stunk. It smelt as if a sewer had backed-up in the room. That was the last straw.I waited in line for a third time at the front desk. This time I got a sypmathetic and professional member of staff (Sasha) who listened patiently, apologized, agreed that this is not what one should experience at a Westin, and re-assigned me to a &quot;renovated&quot; room on the other side of the hotel.The new room (1509) was small and dark, but smelt fresh and clean. Sasha was also professional enough to phone up later that evening to make sure I had settled into the room okay. Something her colleague at the front desk didn't have the courtesy to do the first time around.Unfortunately, this new room, was close to an elevator and was very noisy. I could hear the elevator scraping up and down the elevator shaft all night long. I could also hear everything that was happening in the hallway as if it was going on in my own room. By this point, I was fed up, frustrated and couldn't be bothered to complain any more, since there just didn't seem to be a hope in hell that anyone at this hotel would be able to resolve the situation.It's ironic that the hotel's literature says that they hope their guests leave relaxed and refreshed and they look forward to welcoming them back again. I felt anything but refreshed and relaxed. I have never been so glad to check out of a hotel before, and you could not pay me enough to stay at this hotel again.I have never had such a horible experience at any hotel, anywhere in the world. The Starwood Group should be ashamed that one of their properties operates at such a low standard.It is not cheap to stay at a Westin, and one expects a certain level of comfort and service, not a smelly or noisy room, rude staff, and furniture and equipment that is falling apart. What I experienced was inexcusable.	
Aug 17 2007 	Nice for the price...which was low!	I stayed here 8/13-8/15 and booked on Priceline for $115 per night.For that amount, it's not so bad, but I would have been very disappointed had I paid full price. From my experience booking with Priceline, no hotel has purposely given me a bad room for that reason. I think that may have been the case here at the Westin, however most of my complaints are with the hotel itself, not the room.I arrived at about 1 a.m. and was the only person in the lobby, other than the desk agent. I really loved the lobby and am not sure why. It didn't have anything out of the ordinary, but it did have a very sexy feel that made me regret staying here alone.The agent was friendly, and check-in was quick. Seeing as how it was so late, and I was clearly a weak, worn-out woman, I would expect the offer of help with my bag, but I did not get it. I don't utilize the bellmen anyway, but I have always at least been offered the service and found this a little strange.My room was on the fifth floor, and I found the hallways to be quite dingy. It looked like a budget hotel with scratches and a little dirt on the walls. My room was very close to the elevators, but I did not hear them. However, I could hear everything else that was going on. I'm not sure if this was due to thin walls or the fact that the doors to the room are so high up from the floor that they resemble fancy bathroom stalls.The room itself was one of the smallest I've ever had, and it had an old tube TV. There was no self-checkout which was annoying. The bed was huge and extremely comfortable, so that was the best part. The bedding was so heavy that when I pulled it over me, for a moment I thought a person had climbed on top of me. They offered 24-hour room service which I could not find on their Web site. I ended up not needing it after all, but it was nice knowing it was there. The view was awful, but I don't mark off for this because almost every hotel will have rooms that don't have views, and views usually cost extra. So, the sight from my window was a roof, a fire escape, and a poster of a naked woman in some guy's apartment.The room was freezing cold which was very unpleasant. However, I did find the temperature control hidden behind the curtains, and after that it was fine. Maid service was fantastic, and the woman cleaning my room was very nice, almost seeming happy to be there.Check-out was easy, despite having to go down to the desk to do it. I left my luggage at the bell desk which was very efficient both ways. When I left the hotel, I had scheduled an airport shuttle, but no one at the hotel knew this. I walked out with my suitcase and stood out front, and no one offered to hail a cab or help me. Again, it wasn't something I needed but something I'm used to good hotels offering.I used the business center which was outrageously expensive, but that's pretty standard. I did not eat at the restaurant, but it smelled good and had quite a crowd at all times.Overall, there was not much actually wrong with the hotel, but for the price it would normally cost, I expect much better. If you get a great deal, it's well worth it, but the lack of service in some areas, the doors, the hallways, and a few other things add up to make this an average experience.	
Aug 11 2007 	Love it!	This is a wonderful hotel! Excellant location. Guest service was outstanding - very helpful bellstaff. And everyone knows what great beds Westins have. While I was here on business, I plan on returning with my family for a weekend vacation.	
Aug 10 2007 	Great if you can get discount	We spent 3 nights, Aug 3 - 6. Overall, the experience was average to slightly above average. We had tub draining issues and it got fixed in about 20 minutes. The beds were comfortable, the A/C cold. The rooms are a bit tired and the curtains had a few brokens hangers. The coffee in the bathroom was a nice touch and we got a great AAA rate ($209 vs next best rate of $349). The front desk staff were courteous and the concierge was helpful (she put us onto 11 City Diner and Rosebud Steakhouse). The doormen were not too helpful as I was scolded for trying to hire a taxi that had just left a passenger at the front door instead of waiting for the next taxi in line. He did not even help us with the doors on the taxi and, as a consequence forfeited a $5 tip. On balance, we have no real complaints - and several attaboys for engineering, the front desk (VIcki in particular), and the concierge.The hotel is located on the North end of the Mag Mile. - a 7 - 10 minute walk form the closest rail stop (red line). We went to Cub's games and transportation was not an issue. If you can get a great rate, the Westin on Michigan is a very good option.	
Aug 7 2007 	Great location average hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Westin on Michigan Ave. from a Saturday - Monday, in town for the Mets/Cubs game. Check-in: From Chicago O'Hare to the Westin was about $38 by taxi, and compared to the shuttle that you share with others for $18/pp from the airport, it was worth it to take a cab by ourselves. We arrived early at around 11am and was told that we could check-in but our room would not have a great view and was by the elevators, so we opted to go to lunch first and come back. We went to Giordano's which was about a 5min walk and Westin gave us a call about a half hour later while we were at lunch, notifying us that our room was ready. The room: We first got checked into a room on the 20th floor facing the lake which was nice, but was turned off when we entered the room and noticed the entire room/bathroom smelled like cigarette smoke, so we immediately called down and asked to switch our rooms. After being put on hold for about 5mins, we were given another room, two floors up from where we were and ended up being by the elevator but it had no smell of smoke which was acceptable. Like others, we felt that the room was very standard, compared to other Westin's we have been to which were renovated with newer furnishings and flat-screen tv's, but this room was not. It had a 27&quot; tube tv and very shabby furniture. But it was clean and the bathroom was nice but did not have the dual showerheads that we are used to at other Westin's. The towels also had a stingy glue smell to them when they got damp which kind of made us nauseous but other than that, no complaints. We were a tad disappointed considering we spent about $300/night for this room. The walls are extremely thin. The phone had rung while i was in the bathroom and came out to answer it and realized it was NEXT door's phone that was ringing.That's how thin the walls are. We also heard other people's doors opening and closing thru the night and the elevator doors as well so I had woken up a couple of times in the night, even with the Heavenly Bed. The location: Great location, close to all the shopping. There's the &quot;900&quot; across the street which is an enclosed mall of about 50-60 shops and then all along Michigan Ave., there's hundreds of stores including Macy's, H&amp;M, Express, Victoria Secret, high-end shops and also a movie theater further down. Also,directly across the street is the John Hancock tower and places to eat beneath the street level. There's a cafe great for a quick bite for breakfast or lunch or gelato, a Jamba Juice and a Cheesecake Factory open till after midnight which we ate at twice. Overall, we would probably not stay at the Westin again because for the price we paid, we were disappointed and felt that we could do much better. I would def. stay in this location though because we were looking at the hotels by River North and when we passed by in person, they seemed nice but there was hardly anything to do over there i.e. eating, nightlife, etc. so staying on the Mag. Mile was key to a good stay.	
Aug 6 2007 	Is this a Westin?	I visited the Westin for six nights for a business conference that was booked at the hotel. As a Starwood Preferred member, I booked our room and asked for high floor, quiet room away from elevators. When we arrived, tired and late, a day before the conference, they gave us a room right next to the bank of elevators. This was not acceptable, due to the noise, and they gave us a better room on a much lower floor which was noisy due to traffic on Michigan Ave.. As other colleagues arrived, they were given superior rooms, high floors, with beautiful Lake views. We arrived at 2pm, most others late at night. What I didn't understand was that the front desk person insisted there were no rooms available that night (or for the rest of my stay) that met my requirements - what a surprise when I walked into a room later that same night with exactly what I had requested...seems a little odd! The housekeeping was great, except we never got turn-down service that I asked for six nights and everyone else seemed to enjoy the fresh towels, chocolates, etc.. This was not a Westin hotel in my opinion.	
Jul 28 2007 	Great Location	We took a chance on hotwire, as our dates were flexible - the location was not. When the Westin on Michigan Avenue came up we were more than pleased. It's a great location, walking distance to many prime shopping locations, attractions and all levels of dining options - goodness it puts you directly across the street from the John Hancock building. My one and only complaint is that although newly remodeled, there is very little, if any sound proofing - we could hear doors opening and closing all hours of the night and early morning - someone in the room next to us dropped a glass bottle in the bathroom, and I thought it was in our room - they should include ear plugs along with those awesome heavenly beds!	
Jul 27 2007	No Frills	While Westin seems to have truly crafted the art of the &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot;, their hotels can otherwise range in terms of quality. This hotel on Michigan Avenue is fine in terms of cleanliness, but offers no perks that I would expect of this level of hotel. The staff aren't the world's friendliest but they are okay. They charge for ethnernet internet access in the rooms, but if you go to the lobby to use the wireless access free it is a very poor connection (and no clear direction given by the hotel or network connection name to know which connection you should be accessing). They have a basic exercise room which has no aesthetic appeal, no pool or sauna. I wouldn't mind staying here again, but I'd certainly check out other options for comparable levels of hotels first.	
Jul 26 2007	Nice hotel but fleas	This is a very nice hotel in a good location. The only problem is that like many other upscale hotels it allows pets. I saw two in the lobby. I am a pet owner, so I understand how nice it is to be able to take your pet with you. On the other hand I was there for three days for a convention. I did not leave the hotel for the three days. When I did leave the hotel I had numerous flea bites all over my lower legs. I am a dermatologist, and I know that these were flea bites, and since I never left the hotel, and had never had flea bites before, I am sure they are from the hotel. It would help if they limited rooms where pets had been to people who are at the hotel with their pets. Those of us without pets when we travel shouldn't have to pay the price. I booked this room two months in advance, so they should have put me in a &quot;pet free&quot; zone.	
Jul 25 2007 	Good location average hotel	Stayed at Westin 4 nights from July 3rd to July 7th. Check in staff was a bit rude as I was on a Priceline reservation, she mentioned it 3 or 4 times as it was a shame. Got a room facing the back of the hotel, room was quite small, lines were dirty and there was a sticky spot on the desk. Both two were removed the next day.Bed is really heavenly, bathroom is nice but nothing really fancy. Internet worked well. Staff (except for the woman at check in) was very nice and helped us more than once. Location is terrific. Full stop here. All in all a pleasant experience, worth 90$ plus taxes per night, but could have been a huge disappointment at the regular rate of 270$ plus taxes showed on their website.	
Jul 16 2007	Loved this hotel	We have tried many hotels in Chicago: all well located and comfortable. The Westin Michigan has the best location: almost by the lake, right on Michigan Avenue by its best shops. We will definitely come back. Hotel lobby is nice and comfortable, rooms were spacious (for a big city) and beds were heavenly.Coffee in the hall in the mornings is a great touch.	
Jul 15 2007	Location location but overall below average!	Like many other reviews I have to say this hotel gets full marks for its central location, but apart from that the standard in this Westin is below what we would expect from the Westin Chain. It certainly is not comparable with other 4 star Starwood hotels or even other 4 stars hotel within this area of Chicago.Try a bit harder please.	
Jul 13 2007 	Westin was GREAT	We stayed at the Westin on Michigan Ave during the week of 4th of July. There were many activities nearby and the hotel was in close proximity to most tourist destinations. We were allowed to check-in early (10am) at no extra charge. (Just ask!) We had no complaints. The other hotels in the area charge more but are in the same location as the Westin to local restaurants, shopping, etc.. and you can't beat the access to transportation. (Do not take a cab as it is close to free trolley service stops in the summer months). Our bed was excellent. The room was average sized, small for my taste, but clean and well kept. If you stay at the Westin, you won't be disappointed.	
Jul 12 2007	pleasant stay	This is an average Westin.Good beds, good location. Decor ok. Room size average. Got a &quot;deluxe &quot; room with points, nothing really deluxe about it. At 7pm we had to wait to check in , rooms weren't ready. Asked express service to attend to some gnats that were at the window and had to request this 3 times. All in all sl. below par for a Westin but still nice.	
Jul 12 2007 	No complaints love the location	I stayed here for one night for work in July. I had requested early check in when I booked my trip and was given early check in. My room was near the elevator but I could not hear much distraction at all. The room was clean. I could see the hustle and bustle of Michigan Avenue from my room which was nice. The in-room internet worked quite well.The elevators worked very quickly which was a nice surprise.The concierge suggested a lunch place around the corner- Mrs Parks- which had good sandwiches and salads- service could have been better.I used Express Check out.I have been staying at a lot of Westins lately and this one is fine- definitely not better than average but not worse either.	
Jul 7 2007 	Good Value Great Location	I offer a counterpoint to several other reviewers. Early check-in at 1:30 p.m. was on the money despite it being the crowded, Fourth of July week. Room was comfortable with a more than ample bathroom. Staff courteous and requests quickly acted upon (e.g. when I informed Service Express that the ice machine on the 26th floor was not in order, it was up and running within hours). Of course, location is a stand-out for North Michigan Ave. shopping, Rush Street pubs, etc. The Grill on the Alley -- just off the lobby -- is a plus.Granted, decor in the guest rooms is not typical of the Westin Brand,but I encountered NO problems with room size, room temperature, waterpressure, thin walls or haphazard housekeeping. Overall -- I stay at more than 25 Starwood properties a year -- this is a most satisfactory hotel. And, for my prepaid, web-site-only price of $149.00/night, the Westin Michigan Avenue is a good- to great value.NOTE TO SPG MEMBERS: The Hotel offers two floors of SPG rooms but no Club lounge. They upgrade Platinum -- maybe Gold -- members to rooms with unbeatable views of Michigan Ave. or the lake and the Gold Coast. Add the views, and you have a hotel to which you will return.	
Jul 5 2007 	City Break	As many people have mentioned the location is great! It is fun being right in the heart of all the shopping and there are so many places to eat nearby. We had a car as well that we used to explore the city - the hotel had a valet service for the car which was pretty good except for the fact that they stop valeting the cars at 11pm and you have to bring it around to the garage yourself. (An issue for us as we are travelling with a baby.) For $42/day I wuold hope to be able to drop off and pick up my car without hassle.The staff in the lobby were generally pretty helpful. It does seem toget very crowded and busy - lots of groups seem to stay at this hotel. The atmosphere in the lobby was pleasant and welcoming.The rooms are a bit small though they have all the amenities one would need. We were on a SPG floor and had complimentary water in our room and access to fresh coffee down the hall in the mornings which was a nice treat (though we could brew in room as well). The bathroom was very spacious - the towels could have been a little softer but the robe was nice. The amenities were the typical westin ones - fine but not as nice as the ones at other Starwood chains (like the W who uses Bliss!) The crib delivered for our son was perfect and even had a little floor mat and blanket that came with it. The chaise lounge in our room was great. We liked the fact that the fridge was a regular mini fridge and not the new ones that practically record a fee when you open a door! The bed was the typical westin heavenly bed - duvet and pillows were great. For some reason the sheets on this one weren't as soft as on other westin beds, but aside from that, very comfy. The CD player/clock radio was nice - when we enetered the room soft music was playing which was a nice touch.One thing I noticed was that we could easily hear people walking downthe hall past our room and in fact could hear the phone ring in an adjoining room as well. Luckily this happened more during the day. That said, my apologies to any of our neighbors who surely heard my son during his middle of the night wakeups...All in all it was a great getaway for us. The central location of this hotel and the quality of the rooms and staff were very good. If we were to return to Chicago, I would certainly consider staying here again.	
Jul 3 2007	Not Good Value for the Money -- You Can Do Better!	I became a Starwood member after receiving fantastic service at various Westins and W Hotels. This hotel was the first Westin that was so dissatisfactory that we checked out early.The employees were very nice. However, in a competitive industry like this one, you need more than &quot;nice&quot; staff members.First problem, the room was too small. We had booked one of the &quot;larger&quot; rooms and even it was fairly difficult to move around in. The bathroom was tiny and the bath products were nothing special. For the price (ranging from $299 to $600 a night), I'd expect something a little more snazzy. Minor complaint.Service was friendly, but haphazard. Items ordered from room service weren't sent, coffee cups in coffee maker weren't replaced, little things -- again, minor complaints, but when you are charging high prices for such a small room, you should be at your best in terms of service.State of the room itself? Blah. It had recently been refurbished, but it was a step below most of ther hotels I've stayed in AFTER the refurbishing. I'd hate to know what it looked like before.The final straw and why we &quot;moved out&quot; early was the noise level. The rooms would be quiet if it weren't for thin walls. As I mentioned, we were in what was supposed to be one of the nicer, more expensive rooms. Yet it was adjacent to another room where a couple kept fighing at 3:00 AM. We could hear everything, and I mean everything. I could have just asked for a different room, but I was so astounded at the disparity in service between this Westin and all others that I didn't even bother. They must feel like they don't need to work hard for business these days, and maybe they don't since the hotel had been oversold.	
Jul 3 2007 	Not up to par with typical Westin Standards	I took my fiance to Chicago for his birthday and to attend the Taste of Chicago. Upon check-in, we were both excited about the location of the hotel and the lobby/exterior of the hotel. We were excited to see our room and begin our fun trip. I redeemed Starwood points to pay for our 3-night stay and was told on the website that I could upgrade to a lakeview room for $30 per night. I was a little confused when the front desk person never referenced that I had selected that upgrade, but figured we would still be in a nice room. Upon entering the room, we were immediately disappointed. The great view we had was of the roof of the building next door. Also, I understand that in a city environment, the rooms are going to be smaller than the standard size room, but this room was ridiculously small. I have stayed in a hotel in Times Square that was much larger than this! On top of that, the front desk person made it sound like she was doing us a favor by putting us in a &quot;newly remodeled&quot; room. I am not sure what was recently remodeled, as the decor still appeared to be from the 90's and the room smelled of mildew and just had an overall dinginess that made us want to get up and out as early as possible every day. Paint on the ceiling in the room and the bathroom was bubbling and peeling, and things just looked old. Westin prices for a Holiday Inn Express environment is not what I had in mind for our big city excursion. Stay elsewhere! There's a Hyatt on Chicago Avenue that looked much much nicer.	
Jul 3 2007 	What can I say ...........	Where do I begin. If you book this hotel, be sure you call them everyday to confirim your reservation, and make sure you have your reservation number, although that may not do you any good.We booked one (1) room for Friday night and two (2) rooms for Saturday. Our Saturday rooms were a part of a block of rooms for a wedding. On Saturday morning, I went to the front desk and requested the second room be on the same floor as our first room. We had a sitter coming in to keep our kids during the wedding reception. I gave the lady my sitters name and told her she would be by to pick up the keys after 3pm. I wanted to make sure our sitter wouldn't have any problems getting a room key since, technically we were the ones paying for the room.Lo and behold, 7:30pm our sitter arrives at the hotel with my youngest only to be told she has no room. Luckily, I had given her our room key and she called me.I calle the Westin and spoke to Kelsey at the front desk. I explained the situation and she said she would check it out and call me back. At this point, in the middle of my Brother-in-Laws wedding reception, I was waiting for a call from the hotel. Kelsey called me back and told me I DID NOT have two rooms reserved for Saturday. I had to leave the reception and return to the Westin to straighten things out.I arrive at the Westin, and spoke to the manager. I gave him our reservation numbers and he told me one of them was not valid and not in his system. He then called central reservations and after being on hold for 15 minutes finally found our reservation. The morning shift had transferred the reservation to my sitters name, but used her last name as her first. The manager did deduct $100 of the $199 room charge, but that did not make up for the fact that I missed saying farewell to many relatives I had not seen in years because of the ineptitude of the Westin staff.DO NOT STAY HERE unless you are willing to do their job for them.	
Jun 24 2007 	Superb Location	This hotel has to be recommended for its prime position. I am a fan of Westin Hotels and have stayed in many across the USA. This one is of course a city centre one and as usual the rooms are therefore small. The hotel was a bit drab and could have done with some refurbishment. However, you still can't beat the heavenly beds and the delightful staff. I would stay there again if visiting Chicago but mainly for its central position for the shopping, Hancock Tower and Cheesecake factory which are directly across the street.	
Jun 1 2007 	Location cannot be beat!	This location is top-notch, across the street from John Hancock.The rooms are small, v. small, but nice. The building clearly used to be something other than a hotel, but it is a good conversion. The lobby is lovely and there is Starbucks IN the lobby, the attached bar is a great hotel bar.What I really must rave about is the service, the staff was all so great, friendly, helpful, gave great restaurant tips (off the beaten path).I will definitely stay here again.	
May 31 2007 	Nice place on Michigan Avenue	The Westin is a nice hotel a block away from the John Hancock building on North Michigan Avenue. It's convenient to the shopping on the Magnificent Mile, and not horrendously far from the Red Line stop on the El. It's about a 10-15 minute walk to the Chicago River.We stayed for four nights in May. Got a south-facing room. Not much of a view from our 25th-floor room--the side of the Hancock building was it. The ice-machine room on the north side of the hall had a great view of a beach and Lake Michigan--we'll ask for a north-side room the next time.The bed was Heavenly, and the bathroom was very nice. Not as much water pressure in the shower as I like, but adequate.There's free Wi-Fi in the lobby, but there's a charge for Internet access in the rooms. A free USA Today was waiting outside our door each weekday morning.My only two complaints are: (1) The seat of the desk chair was flimsy--collapsed in when you sat down on it, providing no support. A new chair, or at least new padding, would be great.(2) There are three drawers for clothes in the TV unit. This might not be enough for more than one or two people. The closet near the door was very narrow, but it proved adequate for our needs.We saw the Florida Marlins checking out of the hotel the same day we did. If the Westin is good enough for an MLB team to stay at, it's probably good enough for common rabble like us.	
May 6 2007 	EXCELLENT hotel	This is a great hotel in the heart of Michigan Avenue, right next to the John Hancock Building and the Cheesecake Factory. It's also not far from a subway stop. I found this hotel to be EXCELLENT. We've been to this hotel 2 times and it is always well maintained, chic, and very trendy. They also allowed us to bring our dog, which was nice. The room was large, comfortable, and had a great view. It couldn't be easier if you'd like to get some shopping done, and it isn't far from Navy Pier. The valet is good and the service staff are excellent. I'd highly recommend this place.	
May 5 2007 	Great Location Great Beds Great Bedding Large Bathroom	I stayed at the Westin recently on a priceline bid from a Thursday to Saturday. I called around 11 AM to see if they any rooms for early check in and they kindly accomodated my request. The lobby seems slightly small for a hotel of this size, but there were adequate numbers of stylish chairs and sofas around. The lobby is a bit narrow, so it can get crowded if there are many people attempting to check in or out. Free wireless internet is provided in the lobby which worked well. My room was contained two double beds on the fifth floor overlooking the J. Hancock building. It was sunny and bright during the day. The beds are remarkably comforable with high quality down comforters and four pillows per bed. Bathroom was large with a marble floor. Water pressure was excellent, though my toilet was a little noisy. Toiletry products (shampoo, conditioner, lotion) are of average quality--nothing really special. A coffee maker is provided with Starbucks complimentary Starbucks coffee. A large closet with two luggage racks and an ironing board and iron are provided. I did have a room near the elevator and was not bothered at all. The room doors do however slam shut loudly and was able to hear them occasionally, but I did not hear noise from adjacent rooms. Internet access in the room was around 14 dollars per day and worked well. Room service was prompt and actually very good. I had a wonderful quesedilla one night and an italian sandwich the next night. They give the option of a salad instead of fries if you would like. Parking was around 38 dollars per night. The location is great--right next to the J. Hancock building on North Michigan Avenue. I was attending a conference there.. There ballrooms were very nice..our lectures were in a room on the 16th floor with windows on three sides. It's a nice change from the windowless ballrooms at many hotels.	
Apr 14 2007	Tired not quite Westin standards	I stay at Westins all the time, and this one is not quite up to par. The decor is about 10yo, and the furniture is so worn as not to be comfrortable. The bed and bath are not very heavenly. Annoyingly, the shower faucet was super loose and when I turned it off I had to jiggle it for about 2 full minutes to keep it from squealing. Fruit in room service breakfast was not very fresh. Nice lobby, though.l	
Mar 27 2007 	Westin - Excellent as always	I just returned from a two night stay at the Westin on Michigan Avenue. The staff were helpful and corteous, the ambience in the lobby was so relaxing, and the room (a king deluxe with a lake view) was clean, comfortable, and everything that I imagined it would be. I always seem to have success with the Westin chain. The Heavenly Bed is just that...heavenly. We had dinner at The Grill downstairs on Saturday night and we found the food and the service to be delightful. Also, the location of this hotel cannot be beat. It's right next door to the Hancock Observatory and we walked to Millennium Park in about ten minutes. Cabs sit right outside and are always ready when you need them. I definitely would recommend the Westin to anyone visiting Chicago.	
Mar 12 2007	modern stylish fabulous	I was in Chicago for a conference and the conference hotel was booked, so I made reservations at the Westin on a whim and because of the positive reviews here. Wow--I was so impressed and happy I chose this hotel! The location is perfect, the decor is elegant, the staff was helpful, and the beds are, as they advertised, heavenly. I would definitely stay here again and am already planning a return trip this summer. The only negatives I can report about this hotel are the business center (the hotel charges a $2.99 internet activation fee and $1 or so per minute of use; I've never had to pay for internet service at a hotel) and the exorbitant prices of food at the restaurant ($2.50 for half a grapefruit is laughable). But these two minor things aside, this hotel is great.	
Mar 8 2007 	Great Location!	My husband and I went to Chicago for our anniversary in January and we had a great time. The hotel is in a prime location. We walked everywhere (we were there four days and took a cab only twice). The staff was very friendly and helpful. Our room was clean...it smelled good and the bed was truly &quot;heavenly.&quot;	
Mar 3 2007	Really disappointed!	First, let me say that the Hotel's location is great! Located right on the Magnificent Mile and across from great shopping and the John Hancock Building. Lots of restaurants, and great stores like Bloomingdales (across the street), Macy's,etc.There is also a great restaurant in the hotel called &quot;The Grill&quot; that has awesome steaks and heaping portions or everything. So, let's just say you won't starve.Now, our room: a one bedroom (rather small and has a king size bed, work desk, minibar, and a rather old fashioned TV. The bathroom is indeed outdated and has water stains, rikety toilet seat, falling grout and not even a proper towel rack. Steams up the mirrors as there is no fan. Our walls were paper thin and we could hear any and everything outside in the corridor and the phone ringing in the room next to ours. All the doors here automatically close and not quietly. We hear doors slam shut all day and night in our room all the way down the hall. It starts early in the morning to late nights. Bring ear plugs!Service: Maid service is very inconsistent. Sometimes they will replace the bottled water in the rooms ($5/small bottle), and sometimes they don't. Sometimes your disposable coffee cups are replace and sometimes they are not. Sometimes there will be plastic garbage cans and sometimes not. Other then that, they do come and do a decent job of cleaning the room. We left our laptops on the desk and they were not disturbed. A good sign. So security is not an issue.TV: Service is horrible. We were watching a movie half way and it got completely distorted and calling the hotel express service line was a waste of time. There was nothing they could do but they did say they would remove the charge. You also have to call them to reset the movie menu as it's not there when you first turn on the TV.Phone: Before we could make any calls or toll free calls, we had to call the same express service line to get them to reset the phone to allow that service.Suggestion: I would seriously consider spending your money on other great hotels that are close by here like the Hilton Suites, The Drake, and the Four Seasons which all are in the next blocks surrounding this hotel. Would we stay here again? No, because we feel that the hotel is in need of a serious upgrading and the staff need a refresher in customer service and detail job reviews. A quick note. The front desk staff and the doormen are great and they do a great job!	
Mar 3 2007	Great HotelGreat staffGreat location.	Have stayed here many times.Its a great location beside the Hancock Building within reach of everything.Rooms are very comfortable and large.Bed are the &quot;heavenly beds' which are just that!Most of the staff members have worked here for a long time and they all take pride in what they do. Excellant in all departments and create a real home feel about the hotel.Genuine and friendly.The &quot;Grill on the Alley&quot; bar is fantastic.Not like your typical hotel bar.Serves great steaks and the house red wines are very good.The hotel gym is adequate but if you feel like a run then you are next to the lake so a run there is one of the best.Run north as when you turn around to run back you have the wonderful Chicago skyline as a backdrop.A great hotel in a great city!!!!	
Feb 20 2007 	Travel Agent Approved	Feb 16-19Great stay at the Westin, Staff were nice and met all expectations. I checked in at 10am and they went above and beyond to give me a room. Do not pay attention to the others complaining about the room temperature because i had no such problem. The room was perfect and the view and location was quite nice. THE ONLY PROBLEM:I've been to plenty of hotels and i was not amused at the person cleaning my room. I mean she couldnt even straighten the magazines i left on the counter much less discard tge empty the wine bottles i left.I scrutinize more then others so maybe another person staying might not notice little things like this but i have stayed in Red rood inns to Four seasons and I know what i am looking for. Hope this helps.	
Feb 19 2007	Normally a Boutique Hotel Lover...I would stay at this hotel again!	As the title reads I normally book Boutique Hotels but when I traveled to Chicago early this month my company booked the Westin on Michigan Avenue for my stay. I was very disappointed at first but quickly changed my views once in town. My car dropped me off at the entrance in 1 degree weather I stepped out of the car and my bags were taken in for me without a second thought. There was no line at the check in counter which made me very happy after reading horror stories of waiting to get checked in. The check in time was supposed to be around 3pm I think but I had arrived at 10:30am and had my room within minutes. I did not request any room in particular b/c arrangements had been made for me via my company. I was lucky enough to be in a room a good distance from the elevators thus cutting down on noise in the hallways. Upon entrance to my room I was surprised at just how large this room was I was not expecting that. The beds looked divine as did the shower. My first complaint came with the frozen windows which I knew would eventually melt and leave puddles of water on the floor. I called down to the front desk and they sent up a couple of guys to take a look and then inform me there was nothing they could do except put towels on the ledge since the windows are single payne glass...which was fine with me...remember this is an old building. The room was warm....my solution was to leave the drapes open the entire stay (the windows were iced over so no one could see in my room). This worked perfectly.I went down to the bar downstairs to have a bite to eat seeing as the last thing I wanted to do was sit in the traffic b/c of the snow to get ot my original lunch choice. The food at the bar was delicious I had the Blackened Chicken Sandwich. The service at the bar was below average. With two bartenders/servers and less than 10 people in the bar at the time I arrived I expected to eat and be gone in at least an hour....that never happened. Oh well the shops were still open by the time I finished so no big deal.I was very impressed with the bellmen that helped me get two cabs (the first had no interest in driving me to Tiffany's..not a far walk by the way but remember 1 degree and snowing hard outside). After shopping most of the afternoon I headed up to my room for a warm shower to get ready for a company event that night. The shower is just as the name states...heavenly. One last complaint would be the number of channels offered on the tv...I don't think more than 6 came through. Okay on to all the raves:Bed...fabulousStaff: Unbelievable: there were at least two companies in town while I was there: my company had a huge group of people as well as conferences and meetings. I never saw an unresponsive or frowning face from the Westin staff. They were ready for the challenge and in my opinion exceeded expectations. Always helpful during our conference. They were always more than willing to help with places to go out at night. There is a starbucks in the lobby but please do not let this fool you into believing it is a full service true starbucks b/c it is far from it. But if you just want a basic cup of coffee it hits the spot. Just don't expect quick service again.There is a gift shop which provides just about everything you should need. I never saw housekeeping while in this hotel yet my room was spotlessly cleaned daily. Great location, great staff, and well planned events are what makes this hotel a must stay again for me.	
Jan 22 2007 	Lovin' it!	We got our room at the great rate of $119 a night and it was money well spent. The Westin had a great location, great staff, and comfortable rooms. I was really surprised when I called to ask if they had any fingernail polish remover and a humidifier I could use and amazingly said yes!! Everything was perfect... the only thing that could have made me happier is if they would have offered free or at least not expensive breakfast. We paid0 $6 for a tiny cup of fruit and $16 for an omelette.	
Jan 16 2007 	great location lousy everything else	This hotel is a sub-par Westin. The location is great, but that is basically it. When we arrived, we called and asked for more pillows. The pillows showed up half an hour later, after we had called numerous times to check on their status. We were told that there was only one bellman on duty. This is a huge hotel with over 25 floors, and only one bellman!!???!!!The room was very hot, even though we turned down the thermostat to 50 degrees. The shower did not have the &quot;heavenly&quot; dual shower head. During the 3 night course of our stay, there was not a doorman in sight to open the door or hail a cab. This is a decent hotel if your standards are fairly low, which mine are not.	
Jan 8 2007 	Fantastic Location Average Hotel	My husband and I recently went to Chicago for the weekend to enjoy the holiday festivities, and chose to stay at the Westin Michigan Avenue. The location of the hotel is FANTASTIC - right on North Michigan Avenue, close to shopping, dining, and many activities.Other trip advisor members note that the decor needs updating, however I would suggest that the hotel spend their renovation dollars on staff coaching.Shortly after booking our room, I received an email asking if I would like to upgrade to a room with a view of Michigan Avenue for $20/ night - I said yes. When I checked in, I was told there was no upgrade, and given the room I reserved (with a view of the windows of the Hancock Building across the street). This was not a problem until I received my bill which had the additional $20 charge per night applied for both nights (total of $40). When I went to the hotel desk to discuss the matter they gentleman at the desk said, &quot;No big deal, it's only 40 bucks, I'll remove the charge from the bill.&quot; Given that this is a premium hotel, I would have expected a more gracious response (including an apology) for this oversight.My advice to you? If you are to stay here, check your bill. And don't expect an apology from the staff.Also, the view from the rooms vary greatly - Ask for a good view: There are 2 towers: East and West:In the East tower - Higher-floor rooms on the North side have a view of Oak Street beach &amp; the lake, all South side have views into the John Hancock building (you see a black window out your window).In the West tower - Some North side rooms have a view of Oak Street beach, most have a view into the Palmolive building. Some South side rooms have a fantastic view of Michigan Avenue, others have a view of the Hancock building (as the West tower does).	
Jan 8 2007 	Wonderful Chicago; Just Okay Westin	We just got back from a quick weekend trip (Jan 6 and 7) to the city to take in the sights, see a show, and visit a new restaurant. We love this city and go there about once a month. We have stayed at many of the MIchigan Ave., Loop, and River North hotels. We do not feel that the Westin is a 4 Star hotel. However, it is very nice and would return again, but it would not be our first choice. As other reviews state, the rooms are a bit dated.Our room was on the 4th floor and overlooked the roof of the neighboring building. This roof and vents that roared constantly. If staying here, request a room on the south side of the building. I can compare this sound with the sound of traveling on a plane, I kept asking my husband when we were going to land. I think we may have assigned this room because we booked on Priceline. However, we have never had this happen to us before when staying at even nicer hotels in Chicago.The hotel has a great location!As someone else stated, who stays in the room while in such a wonderful and vibrant city? We did visit the bar. Nice and they made the best cosmo I have ever had!	
Jan 6 2007	Quality is slipping.....	We were soooo disappointed at our stay at the Westin for Christmas weekend. We have stayed there for years and have always found it to be the best value and the best location. This time we were very disappointed. We are members of Starwood Preferred so we were placed on a floor for Starwood members only. Unfortunately, our room was unbearably hot. No matter how we fiddled with the thermostat, it never got cooler. We complained immediately and their solution was to send a technician to our room. His fix was to turn off the fan completely. Needless to say it was so stuffy and the windows were the kind that cannot open. This continued for five days. Twice, while waiting in line to complain about the heat, I overheard other guests filing the same complaint!! All I had to do was walk up and say, &quot;Same issue that guest just mentioned!!&quot; When we checked out I mentioned how poor the ventilation was and the desk clerk said he knew it was a problem throughout the hotel and &quot;they're working on it.&quot; Oh, and did I mention that the Starbucks cafe in the lobby had a broken capucino machine for five days?!	
Jan 3 2007	Very nice	Stayed at the Westin Dec 30 thru Jan 01,2007. We went to the Bears/Packers game . The people and staff were very kind. Our luggage was lost and they helped us out on were to find things to tide us over until our bags FINALLY arrived. The beds were wonderful. The rooms were a little too warm for our taste. All in all, a very nice hotel.	
Jan 2 2007 	Outstanding Location!	We just returned from a short get-away in Chicago and stayed at this hotel for two nights. The location is perfect for shopping, dining, and people-watching on the Magnificent Mile. Everything about our stay at the Westin was above average and we will definitely stay here on our next trip to the Windy City.A few highlights - check-in was quick and the desk clerk extremely friendly and efficient, even though it was probably the busiest time of day; check-out was equally easy; the gentleman employee at the elevator (not really an elevator attendant - more of a greeter) was very personable and made you feel welcome each time you returned to your room; and the silver water bowl and bucket of dog bones outside the entrance just for passing dogs was a nice touch. The hotel bar/restaurant, The Grill, was a relaxing oasis amid the rush of the city. The decor was comfortable and elegant, the service outstanding, and the drinks well-made and generous.Not really negatives, but things that could be improved upon - the valet parking didn't really seem like &quot;valet&quot; to me. We pulled in front of the hotel entrance and were then instructed to drive down about half a block to the parking garage entrance. It was there that we unloaded...just like a regular parking garage, although it did have a direct door through to the hotel. I realize it is the city and parking is expensive, but at $41 a day, it would have been nice to unload curbside and just walk in rather than feeling rushed in a dingy garage. I also felt that the one particular bellman that approached me was a bit pushy, literally taking the garment bag from my arms even before asking if we needed help with our bags. Having only a few bags between the three of us, we were easily able to manage...not really a problem, but a less assertive person might have found themself shelling out additional dollars.As with all Westins, the Heavenly Bed and Bath were very nice - extremely comfy and of course, very clean. Even though we didn't have a room facing Michigan Avenue, we still had a very good view of the street from our sixth floor room.Overall, we had a great experience at this hotel and highly recommend it to those wishing to stay in this part of the city.	
Dec 23 2006 	Great Location	Just stayed at the Westin and it was very nice. The location was outstanding. The staff was very friendly. Yes, the hotel is a bit dated, but it really did not affect us in any way. We had a lovely corner room with a view of Michigan Avenue. The rooms was clean and the bed was AMAZING! Always easy to get a cab at the bell desk. The bar was always hopping and fun. You cannot go wrong staying here. Ecspecially if you can get a good rate!	
Dec 18 2006 	Fab Hotel	Stayed in the Westin in December 2006.I had previously been in touch with reservations and requested a quiet room, and was rewarded with a fantastic corner room - so roomy! Other members of our party were on the same floor, and none of them had any complaints (though they were a little jealous of our fab room!!)I found all member of staff to be genuinely courteous and friendly (and not in a fake &quot;have a nice day&quot; way).The only issue I had was that smoking is allowed in the bar, but coming from a country were smoking in public is outlawed, I am perhaps spoiled!Maybe us Europeans are more easily pleased, but I have no hesitation in giving the Westin full marks - and would not choose to stay anywhere else on my next visit to the city.	
Dec 16 2006 	Great Location but room was too hot	Girl's weekend in Chicago We stayed the Westin because of it's great location! While our room and bathroom were plenty large enough for the three of us to primp, our room was very hot and dry, which we could not control using the in-room thermostat. Called for service twice and received a fan to help circulate the air- which we immediately placed near our window that only opened 4 inches, but it helped! We were also next to the elevator, which didn't help with the noise factor. Due to the air being hot, dry, and suffocating in our room, none of us slept well the entire stay - even though the beds were comfortable. We did not come to Chicago to sleep, mind you, but a comfortable room is wonderful after a tough day of shopping...or a tough night out at the fantastic clubs!! Ahem.	
Dec 15 2006	Above average best location	The location of this hotel cannot be beat. Right on Michigan Ave and right next to the Hancock tower. Free wireless in the lobby - would be nice to have it in the rooms too. The room was nice, nice bathroom, nice view. Valet is $40 something a day, very pricey, but what else is there? You have to park in a garage and I'd rather do valet then try to park somewhere myself and worry about my car all week. I believe it was in/out privledged through valet, but we never left with the car. The hotel is a little walk to the nearest Red line, but not bad. Super close to a million restaurants and bars, and of course shopping. Our room had a view of Michigan Ave, however once while walking to the elevator we saw an open room door that had a view of the lake. We were near the elevator but it was never noisy. The lobby was extremely crowded all the time, but not too bad.	
Dec 8 2006	Less than your average Westin	Overall the hotel is clean, and well maintained and managed. The common areas are &quot;updated&quot; true to the Westin &quot;hip&quot; trademark, but the rooms are the complete antithesis with dated and worn furnishings. The desk chair is awfully uncomfortable. The location is great if you want to be on Michigan Ave, but there are better options in Chicago.	
Nov 28 2006 	OK hotel Great location	Checked in the Sunday after Thanksgiving for a 2-night stay. Location was excellent - definitely the best thing about this property. Just off Michigan Ave. and within walking distance of just about every place I wanted to be. But the staff was cold and indifferent. Our room was not ready at 3pm (check-in) and there was no explanation nor an apology given. The attitude of the front desk personnel was that I was bothering them by showing up before our room was ready. The next day we left the room at around 9am. When we returned at 4, the room had still not been cleaned. When I called housekeeping to let them know and to ask for clean towels there was no apology or explanation given. My husband and I have traveled extensively, both in the US and Europe and I don't believe this has ever happened before. And I was even more astounded by the indifference of the hotel staff and management. A room that is cleaned every day is not an unreasonable expectation, especially in a major hotel in a city the size of Chicago. There are other hotels on the Magnificent Mile which offer better service and a more personable staff. We'll be staying at one of them next year.	
Nov 23 2006 	Not that great	I went to the hotel and was told the only room was one by the elevator and was noisy. The lady told me she would call me when a room was clean. I checked back 3 hours later and another clerk was very rude and just did not care and said nothing was still open. The third time I went I had to wait in a line of 50 plus people with only two agents working the desk. It turns out the room I had been blocked for had guests still in it and was booked into a room I should bot have been. The Manager was going up and down talking to customers as it seemed all had a problem. I was booked in a you guess by the elevator and noisy. No big deal. The staff seemed over whemlmed and did not seem to care. Was more like a hotel at a Disney property. Full of people who were tired and willing to accept anything as they had already lowered there expectations.	
Nov 19 2006 	Great hotel great price great location	The hotel is very central, Michigan Avenue is at your feet, you can easily walk to River North, and you can catch a cab to Lincoln Park without having to snail your way through the Michigan Avenue stoplights. The rooms are well appointed, and have &quot;Heavenly Beds&quot;. There is a Starbucks in the lobby, and the restaurant is a good place to grab a quick bite, or they have a nice bar that is a good place to get your Chicago experience off on the right foot, or to get a nightcap after a long day. The hotel is one of the best values in the area. Since most people don't go to Michigan Avenue to sit in their rooms, it is a good mix of comfort, price and convenience for the little bit of time that you spend there.	
Nov 7 2006 	Great Hotel in a Great Location	My wife and I wanted to do a weekend get-away and decided on going to Chicago - where neither of us has ever been. Since I am a Starwood member, I read the reviews on the Westins, W, and Sheraton hotels in the area. After doing my reading I decided on the Westin Michigan Avenue and was pleasently surprised. If you are into shopping (which my wife I discovered-definitely is) this is the place for you. North Michagan Avenue, also called the Magnificent Mile, is a shopping mecca. The hotel is located at the northern end of the shopping district directly across the street from the John Hancock Building which has a nice lounge on the 96th floor (YOU MUST CHECK THIS OUT - pricey drinks, but great view and free to get in - just order one drink and hang out for an hour to see the city from high up). Sorry, I got side tracked......I requested a deluxe room which gave me a Lake Michigan view. The rooms are very comfortable and they have &quot;Heavenly Beds&quot;. I had never heard of this before, but I soon realized why they have that name. I think I had the best deep sleep in my life during my stay there.I could have stayed in their &quot;Traditional&quot; type room, which I was told is almost the same room except that you are on a lower floor and probably not the greatest view. My &quot;Deluxe&quot; type room was on the 23rd floor which gave me a nice view, however, there are buildings in front of the hotel which do obscure your view. You do not have a 180 degree view of lake michigan. Therefore, if you do not plan on spending too much time in your room, I would settle for the less expensive &quot;Tradional&quot; room.The bathrooms had a nice long corian countertop that was great for spreading your stuff out.Each room had high speed interent access. I unfortunately was not allowed to bring my laptop since this was supposedly a romantic get-away. Nonetheless, whenever she was in the shower, I would run down to the Busness Center on the 2nd floor to jump on their 2 available computers. There was a flat $2.50 charge for signing on and then $0.56 per minute fee which includes internet and printing.The hotel had a nice bar and restaurant, however, we opted to venture out and not eat hotel food. Across the street, on the 6th floor of the Bloomindale's building there is a really nice restaurant called the Oak Tree which had a great breakfast at a reasonsable price. I had egg benedict with a huge glass of milk for about $7.Their is a conciege desk in the lobby. They were helpful, but I was not too impressed with their selection of restaurants.All in all, if I were to return, I would definitely stay there again. If you are a shopper, you'll be happy with this location.	
Nov 1 2006 	Good location very comfortable	I stayed here for the Pack Expo trade show from Oct. 29-Nov. 1 and had a very comfortable and enjoyable experience. The &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot; was excellent with soft linens and comfy pillows and the room was clean and stylish. The lake views were excellent. The location was perfect for me--the hotel is right on Michigan Ave, right next to the John Hancock Center. We were right in the heart of the Magnificent Mile and therefore close to shopping and restaurants. The staff was courteous and friendly, although I didn't have much interaction with them. The restaurant was ok (ate there for breakfast) but the service was somewhat slow, which was surprising given that it wasn't full. Overall, it was a good stay and I wouldn't hesitate to stay at another Westin (or this one) again. I just wish I'd had more non-working time to enjoy my time on Michigan Ave a little more!	
Oct 30 2006 	Great location clean rooms good service.	We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Westin Michigan Avenue. The hotel has a great location on the northern end of Michigan Avenue. It is in easy walking distance to all the shoppping on Michigan Avenue. There are a number of bus stops around the hotel that will take you to all the major museums and zoo. Also their is a train stop only a few blocks southwest of the hotel. The room we stayed in had a view of Lake Michigan. The room was very clean and seemed to had been updated recently. The bed was great, as always. The bathroom was just ok, but very clean. My son loved the oversized tub. The lobby area is very small and during peak check-in or check-out times it is difficult to get through to the elevators. We did not eat in the hotel restuarant, but did order room service one night. The food was normal room service food - overprice, cold, soggy. We did receive excellent service while at the Westin. Everyone employee that we came in contact with was very friendly and helpful.A few other notes, parking is now $41 a night. We had a hard time finding restaurants near the hotel that was kid-friendly and non-fast food. There is a Cheesecake Factory just across the street, however it was always packed. We finally found a great area, just northwest of the hotel. There is a Jonny Rockets, a begal place, Starbucks, Pizza, Conner Bakery, and a number of other restuarants in that direction. That area also is home to a small grocery store.	
Oct 21 2006 	Top Notch Staff	It's a hotel's staff that make or break a stay, and the staff at the Westin Michigan Avenue made my stay memorable. Each interaction left me smiling. The hotel staff seemed genuinely eager to serve, and appreciative of my business, and they remembered my name even after only one interaction. A true mark of attentive service. One thing I might mention is the hotel restaurant, &quot;The Grill On The Alley&quot; appears not to process room charges when presenting your check. You're not given a pen, nor is there space on the ticket for a room charge, but if you ask the server for a pen, you can fill in your details and they will do a room charge. A hotel this size really ought to have a pool, but the Four Seasons spa is across the street, so there's no need to fret.	
Sep 15 2006	Great Bed Great Location Good Hotel Bar	I stayed here for 3 nights attending a conference. The room was adequate in size, clean and the heavenly bed was heavenly. The location is really great, just a block to the beach, just a block to watertower place shopping, you are right on the northern tip of the magnificent mile, but most of the shopping is on the north end, so that is a plus. The hotel bar was quite unique with interesting artwork covering every square inch of the walls. This place is pricey, but also very nice.	
Sep 8 2006 	Great Hotel in perfect location	Stayed here over the 4th of July. It is right on the Magnificent Mile next to the Hancock Tower. Parking is $40+ a day which is typical for downtown but you don't need a car anyway. Everything is on Michigan avenue and public transportation is abundant and easy. The concierge desk was very helpful. The room service is way too expensive but there is an italian cafe across the street next to the Cheesecake Factory so you don't really need it either. I had no complaints whatsoever. Excellent hotel.	
Aug 31 2006 	70s timewarp but great location	What is it with the Starwood Group and its brown, dated, 70s-era hotels? This one had a particularly ugly lobby, with the worst artwork I've ever seen. What saves the Westin is its location (just opposite the Hancock Tower and the Cheesecake Factory) on Michigan Avenue. That, and the wonderful views if, like me, you get to stay on the 27th floor (of 27 floors). The room itself was spacious and comfortable, but the soundproofing between rooms could be better. The staff were absolutely wonderful (especially when I thought I'd lost I'd lost my phone, and they couldn't have been more helpful in trying to assist me). The restaurant looked cold and gloomy, so I didn't eat there, but there is a nice little coffee stand in the lobby, as well as a shop. This is a great place for business people and visitors alike, if a central location is important, and worth it for the views alone. Just close your eyes as you walk through the lobby.	
Aug 21 2006	Awesome location nice rooms	I had a fantastic experience at the Westin on Michigan Avenue. I had booked through Hotwire at the awesome rate of $141 per night (saved about $140 a night this way!) and asked for a corner room which are apparently twice the size of a regular room since it was my birthday. They wouldn't accommodate this request since I booked through Hotwire but were gracious enough to give me a gift basket with small bottles of high end liquor and snacks. They also let me stay on the Starwood preferred guest floor so we got free coffee in the morning and a USA Today delivered to our room. The beds were super comfortable with 300 thread count sheets and down comforter/pillows but the room overall could use a facelift. The bathroom was not impressive but it had nice toiletries. The location was unbeatable with a nice view of the John Hancock building. We were right on the Magnificent Mile and were able to walk to Rush Street with all of its fun nightlife and restaurants. I highly recommend this hotel, especially if booked through Hotwire. It was a tremendous deal with excellent location and great service.	
Aug 11 2006	Good tourist hotel	I stayed at the Westin for a long weekend in May this year. We picked the hotel due to its location on Michigan Avenue and were not disappointed. The nearest subway station is 10 minute walk and we used this most days to get to the main sights – the Art Institute, Sears Tower, Aquarium etc. We walked ot Navy Pier (otherwise you have to get the subway downtown and then get a shuttle bus which takes ages) and it only took us 20 minutes. All the shops are on the doorstep and there are lots of decent restaurants within a 10-15 minute walk (including The Cheesecake Factory, Hard Rock Café, Rainforest Café and a Brew Pub I can’t remember the name of!). The only problem we had was finding somewhere for a quick breakfast. There were no bakeries or cafes in the area so we ended up at McDonalds. The hotel itself is nice. It’s big and our room had a decent view of the John Hancock Tower next door and Michigan Avenue. The room was good-sized and the Heavenly beds were wonderful as usual! The bathroom wasn’t luxurious but it was fine and fairly big. Everything was clean and tidy and the air-conditioning was very effective (it needed to be as the temperatures were in the high 30s day and night!).All in all this is a good hotel and the price is reasonable. I would happily stay here again.	
Aug 6 2006 	Noisy but comfortable	My husband and I just returned from a one-night stay at the Westin (first weekend in August). Upon arrival, we were told that our room was not ready and we would need to wait until about 3 PM. Being we arrived at 10 AM, I had not expected to get into the room immediately, but was surprised that it wouldn't be ready before 3 (particulary with Gold status). There were many festivals going on in town over the weekend, so the hotel was insanely crowded. The Westin staff did the best they could with the staff available, but you could tell that everyone was a bit too busy to really care that much about customer satisfaction. I felt rushed when I asked the conceirge for a dinner recommendation. We took her advice of a Thai restaurant down the road and were not impressed with the restaurant she recommended - food was uninventive and was prepared a little too quickly to have been made to order.As far as the room goes, we quickly noticed that the marble hallways did little to absorb hallway sounds and heard people coming in and out of rooms most of the night. On a positive note, we were upgraded to the Starwood Preferred Guest floor (which got us a nice room, and mediocre view of uptown and some air-conditioning units below). The amenities were standard (including two complementary bottles of water), as a previous poster mentioned and the Heavenly Bed and Heavenly Shower are always comforting. The location is top notch, right across the street from the John Hancock building. Finally, the price for parking was quite steep at $41 / night. Overally, this hotel was very comfortable and if you like the Westin brand, you will be in for no surprises other than a bit of noise during the night. As an alternative, the Westin River North in Chicago is also a nice bet (where you'll be trading convenience of a Michigan Ave address for more peace and quiet).	
Jul 27 2006	Very Nice and Clean Hotel	The hotel is well-situated on the northern strip of Michigan avenue just next to the Hancock building. You are a block away from access to the beach area and waterfront if you walk further north, and all of the shopping is within walking distance. Guest service is knowledgeable of the area and staff is friendly and helpful. My eighth floor room was very comfortable. I have stayed in more luxurious hotels in Chicago (ie-Meridian), but the Westin is a solid, value-based bet.	
Jul 21 2006	No sleep feared for our lives	Stayed here with my wife and two chidren on seventh floor. Room was not much bigger than a closet. We had just fallen asleep when a couple in a room across the hall had a profanity laced, drunken screamfest break up. The hallway noise and slamming doors were readily heard due to the huge gap between the door and floor. We half expected gunshots. Security responded after an eternal ten minutes and told the fighting duo that after two more warnings they would be asked to leave. Too late, damage done, this hotel is off our list.	
Jun 6 2006	Great location--good value	The Westin has the usual Starwood ameneties-albeit in fairly small rooms. Foot traffic in the halls can be noisy and the lobby is always crowded. At check-in, the Starwood preferred check in desk was tied up by one traveler for over 20 minutes, so we checked at the regular registration desk. The rooms are nicely appointed--the Michigan Avenue view upgrade is worth it since many of the rooms face air shafts and the back of the Palmolive Building (a fact we learned on previous stays). Housekeeping is a little shaky--one day we recived no coffee for the in-room maker...the next day the entire coffee maker disappeared...but the room was spotless. The hotel is a standard business class hotel but the location (next to the Hancock Tower) is one of the best on the Magnificent Mile. Given the room rates at the luxe properties which surround it, it's also a relative bargain.	
May 14 2006	The Westin worked for us!	My daughter and I stayed at the Westin on Michigan Avenue for a quick mother/daughter shopping trip. We arrived early morning, but our room wasn't ready. We stored our bags with the bellman and hit the stores. I was satisfied when we were able to get into our room right at 3:00 which is the official check-in time. We didn't spend much time in the room, but it was clean and comfortable. The location of the hotel can't be beat. It's right across the street from Bloomingdales and a short walk to Marshall Fields. We easily walked to all stores including Norstrom. In the morning, we loved going to The Original Pancake House which was just a few blocks away. For our short trip, it was definitely worth the cost of staying right on Michigan Avenue!	
May 7 2006	Get a renovated floor	I'm an SPG gold member and stayed here for one night for business. An okay hotel. Great location on Michigan Ave. Heavenly bed, as advertised. I checked in and was initially given a room on the 16th floor. This used to be the smoking floor before the Westin went smoke free. Apparently the 16th floor is smoke free now, but the the furniture and walls in the room were not. The staff said that they were planning to renovate the floor, but they haven't started on the 16th floor yet. I went back to get another room and was given an older room on the 4th floor. I couldn't get a room on the SPG floors (13th and 14th fl) which are renovated floors and looks much nicer. A coworker (non-SPG) stayed on an SPG floor and said it was nicely renovated. The room and floor was nicely decorated and not dimly lit as with the 16th or 4th floor.The gym is nothing to write home about. I expected more from the Westin Reebok gym. It was small and cramp. Not very spacious in my opinion.Lobby was okay and the waiting couches were comfortable.	
May 3 2006	Enjoyable Stay at The Westin On Michigan Avenue	Stayed at at The Westin Michigan Avenue Chicago from April 19-22. We were only planning on staying for two nights, then moving to the W Lakeshore for one night, but liked the hotel, so we cancelled the one night at the W and stayed at the Westin another night. We had two adjoining rooms with one room being a corner room, so it was larger than the other room. What would have been nice would have been a club level and a pool, but otherwise, a comfortable hotel in a wonderful location. I would stay there again.	
Apr 12 2006	Good location but crowded!	The location of the Westin is great! Right on Michigan Avenue one block from Water Tower Place. However, the location must be a factor in the overcrowding of the lobby. My teenage daughter and I arrived on a Friday night around 5pm and it was chaos. We made it through check-in quite quickly and went up to what we thought was our room only to find someone else in there taking a shower. We promptly went back to reception and were assigned to another room. The room itself was quite nice with the heavenly bed, and marble bath. However, the halls were stark to the point of looking institutional, and the walls provided no noise insullation. We could hear doors slamming and people talking up and down the hall. Overall it was a nice hotel and the staff was courteous, but it was not outstanding.	
Mar 21 2006 	Still Stuck in Hotel Nightmare	The Westin Michigan Ave in Chicago has turned out to be the biggest disappointment and hassle in many, many years of travel both in the US and abroad. My wife and arrived on Saturday Mar 18th for an expected 5 day surgical conference for her. With an infant we expected the Westin to be a pleasant respite from work and a chance for our family to spend some quality time in Chicago. However, upon check-in at 8pm we were told that there were no rooms ready yet (that's right--8PM!) and we could expect about an hour wait. When I informed the management that we had a 2 month old that had traveled most of the day and needed fed/nursed we were given vouchers to the smoking friendly bar. Needless to say, eventually we convinced them that the bar was unacceptable and they obliged with room service (once we got into our room at 915 pm). Unfortunately the crib (which too had been long requested months ago) took another 45 minutes. Day 2 began ominously enough as the room remained uncleaned at 430pm and when we returned at 8pm we discovered one of our Ipods missing. One of the young managers eventually stepped in and helped us file a security incident and with luck before our trip ends the Ipod will be replaced, although they asked that we not file a police report. Nonethless, the drama continued and despite multiple contacts with management (Kerri eventually provided meals and massages) we came home the 4th day to discover that we were locked out of our room because &quot;we thought you checked out&quot; despite all of our clothes and baby gear still in the room. I could go on and on (such as the desk clerk telling me that they do not have a microwave that a guest could use to sterilize bottles or failing to charge our company credit card) but the point is that if you have a choice in Chicago AVOID the Westin like the plague. Aside from the manager (Kerri) making some effort the Westin is a poor organization run by mostly inept staff. I have been to many Westins and I am a SPG member but this as I overheard one guest say &quot;is like a Motel 6.&quot; To make matters worse, even if the trip had been blemish free, the Westin comes across as a run-down hotel with big prices, a useless lobby, a fair to poor fitness center, a tiny spa and a clueless staff.	
Mar 21 2006	Loved the Westin!	My daughter and I stayed at the Westin on Michigan Avenue from March 7 to March 10. The service at the hotel was excellent. Everyone from the reservation specialist to the door man was pleasant and very helpful. We had a clean room with a beautiful view. The location was perfect. Step out the door for shopping, great restaurants, and theatre a short taxi ride away! Michigan Avenue is immaculate and a pleasure to stroll down. We would definitely stay at the Westin again!	
Feb 24 2006 	Great Stay	I stayed here for 2 nights on a business trip and it was a very nice experience. The king size heavenly bed was just as what it promised to be...the room was clean, and the bathroom was huge. Some downsides were: TV (reception not very good), the &quot;heavenly bath&quot; consisted only of 3 tiny bottles of shampoo/conditioner/lotion, and a bar of soap. Bathrobe was offered, but no slippers. I ordered dinner from room serivce, the wait time was 30 minutes but it came no more than 20 minutes after my call. Overall it was a good stay.	
Feb 18 2006 	Relying on a great location	This Westin has a great location--right on Chicago's 'magnificent mile' next to the John Hancock Center. The staff are friendly and helpful. But the only other great thing about this hotel is the Westin bed. The rooms and corridors have been given a slapdash renovation. The in-room dining menu is barely mediocre. Having recently stayed at a Hyatt the difference in standards was immediatly obvious. There are plenty of hotels in this vicintity--I'll look elsewhere next time. One other thing--I chose the Westin partly due to their new no-smoking policy, but this hotel has a smoking-allowed (and very smoky) restaurant on the premises with an entrance off the lobby, and stale smoke lingers in the elevators.	
Jan 21 2006	Great bed hides filth	I have always enjoyed staying at Westin hotels. The bed is always incredible. Unfortunately the bed was the only thing positive about the Westin Michigan Avenue. After sleeping in the Heavenly Bed the first night, we discovered a surprise hiding beside the bed in the form of a condom, most likely used. Obviously the housekeeping was not up to par. After we checked out, we realized that we had left a shirt in the room. Upon returning a few hours later, we discovered that the housekeeping had improved their process and already cleaned our room and thrown the shirt away. If you want a Westin in Chicago, I would stay at the Westin River North.	
Jan 11 2006	Ideal location on Michegan Avenuw heavenly beds great value-well run.	My daughter and I have just returned from our first visit to Chicago having stayed in the Westin Michegan Avenue for 5 nights from 29 Dec through 3rd Jan '06. The Hotel certainly exceeded our expectations as we had read some unpleasant slow service reviews in advance but the price being withing our budget we still opted for the Westin Michegan Avenue. Be advised that the Restaurant is not operated by the Westin. There are numerous wonderful breakfast/dinner options within a few minutes. We even had a corner view over Lake Michegan whilst still facing The famous Cheesecake factory across the street.We are delighted to recommend this Hotel to anybody wishing for a great nights sleep in a very proffessionally run Hotel in the beat Chicago city centre location and yet one block from Lake Michegan for my morning walk.Conceierge, accommmodation, reception staff and duty manager Kerri are all that you would expect from a Westin. We will return and certainly recommend.	
Jan 10 2006	Excellent beds but they nickel-and-dime you	As others have said, the rooms and beds in this hotel are quite nice. However, for a supposedly four-star hotel they really squeeze you on the little things. We were shocked to find that:- local phone calls cost $1.50 each- requesting a corkscrew costs $5- making your own coffee in the room costs $2- internet access in the room costs $16 _per day_- the ATM in their lobby charged $3.25 to take out moneyAny complaints about these charges were met with &quot;that's just how much it costs.&quot; Overall I would recommend the Crowne Plaza as a better high-end hotel experience, we had a wonderful stay with them that was much more pleasant in every feature. Everything mentioned above was included in the cost of the room, except for the ATM which was more affordable.	
Jan 7 2006	Heavenly bed is awesome! - it's downhill from there...	My wife and I have been traveling to Chicago for the Michigan Ave. light festival and some Holiday shopping for the past few years. We have previously stayed at the Radisson, (which we are thrilled with), and considered staying there again this year. While doing research, I came across a very attractive deal for the Westin, which allowed us to stay in a 4 star hotel for the same prices as the 3 star Radisson. We booked the rooms online, and later requested upgrades to Michigan Ave. view rooms, which were offered, then denied, then offered again?!? We did finally end up with the (paid) upgrades, which was great. We arrived about one hour before check in, and as we had brought guests, we requested rooms on the same floor, and preferrably close together. This was &quot;promised&quot;, and we were told to return in an hour or two when the rooms would be ready. We took our guests directly to Giordano's for lunch, and headed back to the hotel for our rooms. The desk attendant could not find our previous check-in information, and told us that we would be on different floors, but that he &quot;thought&quot; we would still have Michigan Ave. views. I asked what could have possibly happened in 90 minutes to our same floor rooms, and he was unable to answer us. Later he said that someone must not have checked out. We went ahead and took the rooms that were offered, and overall were very pleased with the view. (Both rooms). The rooms were clean, bathrooms were nice, and everything you have read about the beds is true. FANTASTIC! Our room was very noisy, (I don't think it was elevator noise - more like construction noise), and we were not that close to the elevators. We did call the front desk about it, and they did offer to move us after more rooms were available, however, once we returned from an afternoon of shopping, and a late dinner, the room seemed pretty quiet, and we had no further noise problems afterward. Probably the most dissapointing event of this stay has to do with my opinion that this hotel has the single worst concierge I have ever had the displeasure of dealing with. He took our names and my cell number to make dinner reservations, told me he would follow-up within the hour with me, and proceeded to forget about us for the next two &amp; a half hours. I then called back to the hotel, spoke to him, and had to remind him that we were looking for dinner reservations for four. He said no problem that he would call me back in the next thirty minutes, but that most places were probably booked until after 9:00 PM. I informed him that this was not a problem with us, and that he could book any one of the 5 restaurants I had requested. Okay - I kid you not about this next part - he calls me back on my cell phone about 30 minutes later, to ask what SHOW we wanted to see... I reminded him again that we were looking for dinner reservations, not show tickets, and he then said he had tried a couple of places... actually one, but that the others we had requested would be booked too, and that he might be able to get us in at the hotel restaurant. I said nevermind, hung up, walked five minutes to one of the 5 restaurant we had requested, stepped inside, spoke to the resrvations desk, and made reservations for 4 at 9:00. Unbelievable.Ok, here are a few more positives:The bar at the grill was great for a drink and a cigar in the evening - (not anymore, Westin has gone smoke free) - and the breakfasts were decent. Waitstaff were very good, and the decor was classy. Location is excellent, (although not any better than the Radisson in my opinion), and overall, not a bad stay for a couple hundred dollars a night.I won't be staying with Westin due to their non-smoking policy. (I don't smoke cigarettes, and have about one cigar a month, so it is based on pricinple rather than need.) However, this location has enough problems that I would not likely stay with them again even if they gifted me a box of Partagas Serie D No.4	
Jan 5 2006 	Beautiful big-city hotel	The hotel is huge, which might explain the service glitches in the other reviews.I checked in way too early, and the nice young ladies at the front desk found me a room anyway. A typical high-end Westin, the bed was so comfortable that I layed down to watch TV and feel immediately to sleep! (OK, I'd been out tromping around in a blizzard, but still) In some of the Westins, the pillow-top mattresses have smooshed down, but not here. Spacious bathroom (for a city hotel), nice grill in the lobby. As mentioned, there was a lot of snow (the night that plane ran off the runway at Midway) and the staff was quick to grab the door for you so you could get inside and warm up. I stay there all the time when I'm in Chicago, and I've never been so happy to see that nice warm lobby!My only complaint was that I was on a high floor, and only one small elevator was working. We stopped at every floor, but by the time we got to about 20, the elevator was full and we had to tell the people waiting that they couldn't squish on with us. There were A LOT of angry folks itching to get out there and do their Christmas shopping.	
Dec 13 2005 	Terrible service	The worst hotel experience I've had in a long time! I reported that my toilet wasn't functioning properly when I checked in, and 5 hours later no one had come to fix it. The manager was extremely rude and the service they provided was nowhere worth the $400 a night I paid. Additionally, they put incorrect charges on my bill and still have not corrected the error...no one has even responded to my messages.	
Dec 13 2005 	I was pleasantly surprised by the Westin Michigan Avenue!	I was in Chicago on a last-minute business trip for five days - a super busy convention time, so my usual standard, the Park Hyatt, was booked.Really, there were virtually no hotel available so I was surprised to get a reservation at this Westin. The price, from their website, was excellent...only $189/night.I agree with much of what has been said on the downside of things before: the service is not really bad, but somewhat spotty; the rooms are small; the rooms are a bit darker than they need to be.However, there are some real positives to this hotel: the location is superb; the fitness center is good; the heating system is responsive; the Heavenly Bed is pretty much heavenly.I think that the problem with Chicago hotels is this: there really is a big difference between a low-ish 4-star hotel and a high-4 star or 5-star hotel. If you stay at the Westin and are expecting the Peninsula, you'll be disappointed.Final analysis: at the $189 that I paid, the Westin Michigan Avenue is a real deal.	
Dec 8 2005 	Awful Service	I was surprised and very disappointed with the bad service here. Westin hotels are usually pretty good but this was not the case here. I only stayed 1 night and had quite a few problems. Some were small (but irritating) and good hotels always pay attention to the small details. That was not the case here. For example:(1) Room service lunch - they included bread rolls but not enough butter(2) Room service dinner - it took 45 mins to arrive and they sent the wrong order. Since it was after 11.00pm the kitchen was then closed. I was put on hold for 10 minutes and then told I could order from a local Italian take-out (they would pay). An OK response I guess but by then it was near midnight and I would have to wait again for the food. (3) The room only had 2 dim lights and was very dark. I called &quot;Service Express&quot; to get an additional light sent to the room. I had to call them 3 times before anyone delivered a light (despite being told during the first 2 calls that it was coming). This took at least 2 hours.I will not stay here again. I have stayed at the Sofitel before and should have gone back there - it was awesome.	
Nov 21 2005	A great weekend at a great hotel	My friends and I stayed here the weekend before Thanksgiving for our Girls Get Away. Our room was wonderful. It is a fantastic location for shopping on Michigan Avenue, eating on Rush Street, and nightlife. We were impressed with the quality of the beds - comfy with great bedding above the usual hotel quality. There are a couple of negatives, but not enough to make us not stay again. I would definitely come back.We were there for the lighting of the trees on Michigan Ave. and the parade. We had a great location.Positives: Location  Helpful staff- Concierge was great with making reservations for us Clean Comfortable bedsNegatives: The soda machine never gave us the soda that was pictured (room service did then deliver the correct type once we complained) The temperature in the rooms was very warm and difficult to regulate. Not good for women with hot flashes!! Parking is extremely expensive - over $35 per day	
Nov 1 2005 	Perfect location and Good Accommodations	I spent most of a week at the Westin Michigan Ave while attending a conference there. The conference rate was very good. I could not beat it with a website search or with other nearby similar hotels. My room was clean, well appointed, great bed, and decent amenities. The $1.75 charge for local calls was irritating. Maid service was spotty with minimal clean-up and no daily replenishing of bath amenities. There is a classy lobby, courteous reception staff/concierge, and very nice meeting room facilities. The best feature is its excellent location on the Miracle Mile. Walk to top notch shopping and restaurants and a few blocks to the lakefront. I hope to return for a more leisurely visit, taking advantage of the location. Fitness center is small but adequate. I did not try the restaurant. With so many high quality restaurants nearby, it's hard to choose where to eat! I would recommend The Westin for it's value and location in the great city of Chicago!	
Oct 7 2005 	Great Location Poor Service	I often stay here for the convenience/location, but am frequently disappointed by the service. The last few times, it has taken much too long to check-in. I am a Starwood Gold Member but nobody mans the Gold/Platinum line.Another time, I get to my room and see the message light flashing ont he phone. So I call for messages, and it tells me to call thr front desk. So I do that. Then they put me on hold for 5 minutes. What was the message? Some free breakfast I could atten where they would try to sell me something. Not sure I'll return.	
Oct 7 2005 	Location and Price Hard to Beat	To my mind, no chain gives you more comfort for the money than Westin. This particular hotel delivers the heavenly bed, heavenly bath experience that puts the likes of Hyatt and Marriott to shame. My room was tiny with the heavenly bed taking up much of the floor space. Since I was neither entertaining nor spending much time in the room, that was not really a problem. The service and personel here are exemplary. The Grill, which I had several opportunities to use, was excellent although, quite honestly they clearly have never heard of portion control. Frighteningly large platters of food are the norm. Finally, you'd be hard pressed to find a better location--you're right on the Miracle Mile. Across Michigan Avenue is the 4 Seasons and one block over is the Ritz. But if you want to save a bundle, check into the Westin and put your money into the marvellous meals you can enjoy within blocks of the hotel.	
Sep 15 2005 	Nothing outstanding but nice Westin	I had to wait quite awhile to get a government rate at this hotel, but I finally succeeded with only a few days left to go before my conference. At government rate, this is an exceptional hotel. At the typical rate, it's a very nice Westin but nothing outstanding about it. Location is as good as you can find in Chicago - convenient to everything and near some wonderful shopping and restaurants. The room was nice and large, bathroom was nice (despite a bit of a spider problem), fitness center was just average (especially considering the size of this hotel), and service was OK. I say service was OK because staff were kind and friendly, but the lines to ask questions, check in and check out were always long - even for Gold and Platinum members.I'm a Starwood Gold member and can report that I didn't get a thing for my Gold status except perhaps a better view. I wasn't put on a Gold member floor, although I found the hotel had one. I'm an optimist and keep hoping I'll get something for my Starwood Gold membership, but so far it's all been pretty much of a sham.I'd stay at this hotel again, if I were able to get a reasonable rate on the room.	
Sep 6 2005	No negatives	Just back from a quick weekend stay. It's a standard Westin and everything was as expected. Clean, attractive room (although the carpet needs replacing), the usual Heavenly amenities, friendly staff, efficient taxi stand, strong wifi in the lobby, terrific location at the north end of Michigan Avenue shopping. It's well run and a good value. Highly recommended.	
Jul 27 2005	Great Location!	Just returned on Sunday from a great stay at the Westin on Michigan Ave in Chicago and was very pleased with its great location. We had a standard room but found it to be plenty big enough and the &quot;Heavenly&quot; bed and shower were great. The room rate was a bit steep but considering we booked last minute and many hotels were sold out I was still pleased.	
Jul 22 2005	great service great location great value	my wife and children stayed six days here, we had connecting rooms with sensational views of lake michigan. the employees are friendly and very efficient throughout the hotel; the location on michigan ave is unbeatable for shopping, and a short walk to a public beach on lake michigan; a variety of exceptional restaurants are within a block or two for an easy stroll to dinner; the fitness center is well done; our rate of $200. per night per room is a great value for downtown chicago; we highly recommend this hotel-	
Jul 21 2005 	Get the bigger room smaller is too small	Been a few years since I used this hotel weekly, but I always appreciated the location. Close to lots of food, shopping and my client. Attached restaurant has lots of character and good food. You have to get one of the larger rooms. The small ones are unbearable.I don't remember the food littering the hallways but sounds like that could be a bother to some. For me, I care about my room. These bigger rooms are REALLY comfortable. Lots of &quot;walkin' around&quot; room.I have stayed at the Marriott, Fairmont and Swisotel and one or two others along or near Mich Ave. Of the four I can remember, I'd return to all of them. Swisotel had the best bathroom, Fairmont was luxurious but slightly dated (awesome bar w/shrimp cocktail shrip the size of puppies). Marriott has excellent location and excellent concierge. Westin's larger room is probably the nicest overall. Larger. Really good lighting. You feel good being there.I repeat, do not stay in the smaller Westin room. You gotta pay extra maybe, but it's worth getting the larger room.Best of luck.	
Jul 14 2005	One of the Best.	I think the Westin hotel in the luxurious Magnificent Mile is wonderful. My girlfriend and I stayed at the hotel for a week during the Taste and 4th of July. The hotel was by far one of the cleanliest hotels I have ever seen and the staff was great. I think the Westin has the best concierges in the business they seem to know about the whole city and booked every tour for me. The only thing I did not like about my stay was the bed it is to darn soft but some people love there Heavenly style. I highly recommend this hotel to business people or vacationers.	
Jul 5 2005 	3 stars	This hotel seems to be so heavily used and booked that they can't keep it running. I was there June 22-26 for a conference, and saw many areas where detail was lacking. The worst (smelliest) was that room service debris (carts, trays with half-eaten food) was on the 11th floor for over 24 hours before being cleaned -- I even called the service desk to ask them to remove it. Instead, even more food was ordered &amp; arrived, but was not removed. This trend persisted for the stay. Yech!There were many cosmetic blemishes on the paint and doors and carpeting, even though the room seemed to have been recently renovated. Small bits of garbage and loose change littered the floors, and again was not cleaned for 24 hours at a time.They have a $16 deal for unlimited wired Internet (noon to noon), plus unlimited local &amp; long distance calls. I purchased this, but every day found my updated bill had exorbitant extra charges and taxes for the calls I made. This took me 20 extra minutes during check-out to get them to fix, in addition to two phone calls during the stay (which fixed the bill to date, but then more erroneous charges were added).I've stayed at a number of hotels in the downtown Chicago area over the years, and this place is quite substandard compared to peers such as the Sheraton and Hyatt. For the conference rate of $149, this was a reasonable 3-star value. For rack rates of $180-200+, I have done much better elsewhere.	
Jun 29 2005	Great Stay	My wife and I stayed in this Westin for a long weekend along with our two young children. Overall, I was very pleased with this hotel. While I was using SPG points for this stay, I think I would have been just as pleased if I had paid the standard rate. The hotel is well located on Michigan Ave just across the street from the Hancock Tower. We could walk to a number of great shops and resteraunts, and a taxi to the loop was less than $10. The room itself was large and well appointed and the two queen-size beds were excellent. We did not dine in the hotel aside from getting breakfast items at the Starbucks stand in the lobby. I thought the hotel staff were especially friendly and helpful. I can't think of a single thing I would change.	
Jun 12 2005	An Oustanding Hotel	We came into Chicago for three days to see the Cubs-Redsox game, and the Westin was the perfect hotel for us. Only a 5-10 minute cab ride to Wrigley Field. Definitely book a deluxe room, it is worth (i stayed in a corner deluxe room, but saw the standard rooms-they are MUCH smaller). The lobby, hallways and general atmosphere of the hotel were very comfortable and stylish- black marble/hardwood lobby, clean and well lit hallway, and quick elevators well lit and nicely decorated. ALL of the service was friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. Also, the rooms are very nice including marble bathrooms, heavenly beds and baths, and plenty of lighting. We did not try The Grill, but we stopped at the Cafe a la Carte, and that was quick and the service was very nice. The hotel is in the best location in the city- right on the magnificent mile with outstanding shops, restaurants, hotels, etc. Try Gibson's Steakhouse for dinner- a great place for a steak and to get a feel for the city. Overall, the Westin was a very pleasant experience at $300.00 per night. Anything more than $350.00 per night makes the hotel sound a little overrated.	
May 25 2005 	A mixed bag	I have stayed at this hotel several times, and for a hotel of this size it manages service that's both efficient and friendly. I was on a business trip, and was grateful for the good beds and generally quiet atmosphere that helped me sleep well. The new, 2-room gym is ugly, but well-equipped. I enjoyed the Grille restaurant, and also prompt, accurate room service (though the menu was a bit limited). What annoyed me was the feeling of being nickeled-and-dimed. The concierge informed me of a $5.00 per package pick-up charge for Fedex, neglecting to tell me of the Fedex center in the Hancock basement, just across the street. Also, the business center charges seemed unreasonable. There are so many great hotels in this area, I'm not sure I would stay here again.	
May 10 2005	Nice hotel	My husband and I went to Chicago for a day to shop the Magnificent Mile. I got a good deal on the Westin. It's a nice hotel and I must say, from all the reviews regarding the rude workers there, we found every single one of them to be extremely friendly and helpful. I had left my cell phone in the car and we asked them to retrieve it for us. Unfortunately, there was miscommunication between workers as to where it was left for us to pick it up and it took 3 trips down to search the car by my husband only to discover it had been locked away in a drawer the whole time. They were very apologetic. The beds were lovely! The only complaints were that for a 4-star hotel I expect almost pristine conditions. The TV armoire door was broke, the hallways were extremely dirty and needed to be vacuumed and the price of the mini-bar items was outrageous. But it's more about how we were treated and we were treated well.	
Apr 29 2005 	a great stay	I stayed there for three nights, it was wonderful!!! great location, good shopping, friendly staff. The front desk was very quick to adjust my bill due to an internet connection gone sour!	
Apr 20 2005	Great location not so great service	Loved the location of the Westin, and the room was done nicely with the Heavenly bed and showers. A tad small, but I think you get that when you are downtown in an older city like Chicago. Would have given a higher rating, but the service was just terrible! And I don't usually care about things like that. However, after being assured that my two separately booked nights had been linked in the system, we were locked out of our room for 30 minutes while I waited in a line full of customers with complaints, just to reactivate my key card. Then, when asking for a later checkout time, I was given enormous attitude and basically hung up on. So we had to leave our bags with the bellman while we wandered until our flight out; when we returned to the hotel to collect the bags - one was not even tagged and they were in separate places. I would definitely stay there again because of the location, and quality for the price, but the hassles just put a bit of damper on my vacation weekend.	
Mar 25 2005	Fabulous First Trip to Windy City!	After reading several reviews I was a tad hestitant about staying at The Westin but I was traveling on business and the company footed the bill. I was pleasantly surprised when I entered the room, the size was spacious and the white bedding was simply beautiful. I've stayed in a hotel off Central Park West and the room was half the size of this one. The heavenly bed was a slice of heaven after 7 hours in a conference. The pillowtop mattress more than made up for the size of the bed. I typically hate hotel room lighting but found my room to be well lit. The 3 lamps in the room with the nightstand one being a 3-way provided ample lighting for my needs. In addition to the lamps the armoire had a light built into the top which illuminated the room, very nice touch. Not a deal breaker when traveling but the cordless phone was nice, being able to talk and move about freely was great when packing for the return trip home. My room was on the 10th floor facing the front of the hotel which gave me a wonderful view of Michigan Ave. I could sit on the windowsill and look up to the top of the John Hancock Center. The Westin's location is perfect for shopping, dining, sightseeing, and transportation. I took the El from the airport and the station was a few blocks away. I'm planning a return visit to The Westin in the summer when I likely won't be a human kite.	
Mar 23 2005	Loved it! Great location for nightlife	Stayed for 4 nights and it was a great location. Along the Miracle Mile for awesome shopping and within walking distance of the major nightlife (bars) - only 3-4 blocks! Internet access is a fee - but the room was nice and the bed was very comfy. Black marble bath and modern lobby. Great location and friendly staff. When asked to have a room with a view - they put us on the 26th floor overlooking Lake Michigan. Only a $5 cab ride to most places in downtown and rental car locations within walking distance. Definately would stay there again and recommend to anyone.	
Mar 22 2005	Westin Mich. Ave.: Heavenly Location Adequate Rooms	As others have noted, the Westin Michigan Ave. is in a first-rate location, dead-center in all of the N. Michigan Ave. action. This does have its perks, especially when the weather is harsh. We were a few steps from major shopping venues, while the cta busses stopped directly in front to takes us to points southward -- ie, museums, etc. Cabs were always available as well. The service was much better than expected. I was prepared for all kinds of surliness after reading other reviews, and was pleasantly surprised by the friendliness and attentiveness of the front desk, concierge, and bellmen. The desk attendant kindly upgraded us to a corner room when he saw there were 4 of us, which was most appreciated. The facility is adequate - nothing more. The corridors are dreary, w/ peeling wallpaper and paint, poor lighting, and the carpets could use a cleaning. Our corner room -- probably one of the better rooms available -was also dark and somewhat dreary feeling, even with the drapes open. The room was, however, very spacious and had a perfect view of Bloomingdales on Mich. Ave. Heavenly Beds are overrated, IMO. They're still only double-sized. Even value chains like Embassy Suites and Courtyard/Marriot are offering queen sized beds; it's time all hotel chains realize that this is a necessity with modern travellers. Mattresses did not have fitted sheets; therefore, the bottom sheets kept slipping off, which was uncomfortable. The bathrooms also are adequate. They've obviously been renovated recently; large granite countertops and marble floors are a nice touch. The bathtub had a slow leak, which made soaking impossible. There were old toothpaste splatters on the mirror frame, which was pretty disgusting. Would I stay here again? Not sure. There are other, newer properties within walking distance to Mich. Ave. that charge approximately the same rate, so if the weather were pleasant, I would likely stay elsewhere. Again -- this hotel's best feature is location, and it was an important determiner for us. But if you're looking for luxurious surroundings and amenities, you won't find them here.	
Mar 22 2005	Great Place To Stay	We just returned from a &quot;girls shopping weekend&quot; stay in Chicago and found the Westin, Michigan Ave. a great place to stay. Nice comfortable rooms and yes the bedding is a highlight. Service was very good and bar was exceptional. What a wonderful location! All the shopping, restaurants and bars right at your door. Reasonable price for the amenities, especially a downtown location. Would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 21 2005	The view was nice...	Got there around 6PM on a Friday check in was odd, never signed anything and our rate was never mentioned.Got to the room which was nice, had a good view. My wife mentioned the bed was just OK compared to another Westin she had stayed at. We didnt think it had a pillow top but we checked, it was just showing its age. Everything else looked ok but would later discover the toliet didnt flush all that well w/o holding down the lever.Location is really great as we walked to Cheesecake Factory for dinner in about 2 minutes. After that we came back and the smell of smoke as you entered the hotel was horrible. The bar is right next to the main doors and you could smell everything, yuck!So now that the hotel is pretty full we are in the room relaxing when we realize you can hear EVERY word from the room that was next to ours. They were not talking all that loud but through the connecting doors (yes they were closed) you could hear everything from the flush of the toliet to them talking about the present they were wrapping for the party they were going to. We delt with it for the 1st night, thinking they will check out but the next day before we went out to see a show we could hear them loud and clear. The first call to the front desk got us to security (we didnt want to file a complaint as they were not loud, the sound proofing was just horrible) we declined that and were then told there were no more rooms available. We did call back 10 minutes later and again got security and then we finally talked to someone at the main desk who found us another room with NO shared door to the next room :-) Got the to new room and after running the AC for a whole day it never got cooler than about 74, it was set for 66. Thankfully we were only spending 2 nights and it was quite on the 2nd night so we checked out in the morning and happily headed home.	
Mar 17 2005	Westin's got our vote!	We loved the Westin, it's location next to the John Hancock was awesome. We loved the dining room and the bar where we sat after a full day of shopping and was able to people watch out the bar windows. We strongly recommend this modern clean sleek hotel for couples looking for that romantic upscale experience. The room was large and extremely clean. the bathrooms modern and well tended to. We will definitely be back.	
Feb 10 2005	Meets almost every need	I've stayed at this hotel almost once a month on business for the last 18 months and it's not bad, as long as you have one of the renovated rooms! (This means turning to the elevators right of the lobby and not the ones to the left.....) The rooms can vary drastically in size, service at check-in/out also is dependent on whom is serving, but there are no real major faults that I can think of here.   The restaurant is perhaps a little over-priced but quality is OK for dinner - breakfast is disappointing. The great thing about this place is the location - Michigan Ave. on your doorstep.   Beware of the ludicrous phone charges here!! Sign up for their in-room dial up fixed rate fee - 10 dial up's to a local (free-fone) number cost me US$80.00+. 	
Feb 5 2005 	Not so luxurious	I have stayed at this hotel twice -- once for a professional conference and once because I got a good room rate when they were running a special.The beds are fantastically comfortable -- however, if it weren't for the beds I would have given this hotel a lower rating. Yes, it is clean, but lacking in character. The service is indifferent, generally. For a fairly expensive hotel, it is lacking in little amenties and the service attitude that one would expect.The best thing about the hotel, except for the beds, is the restaurant. The food is very good, and the staff are very friendly. I especially liked the artworks that are part of the decor.	
Feb 3 2005	Above Average for British Standards	We stayed at this Westin for one night in January. The bedroom was certainly well above the same standard for similar status of city hotels in the UK so that impressed me. Modern Furnishings etc... LOVED THE GRILL RESTAURANT, &quot;Manfred - YOU ROCK!&quot; And well, well, well - LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION ... we had every store within credit-card-throwing distance...literally...loved it, and would definitely return. Kicked the Drake and Four Seasons in the butt, and very affordable, A++ Westin!	
Jan 19 2005	Average hotel awesome location	My wife and I stayed at the Westin Michigan Ave. in December 2004. As others have noted the location is outstanding. Across the street from the Hancock Bldg, and very close to all the outstanding shopping on Michigan Ave. The hotel itself is just average, the front desk staff was not overly friendly, but many of the other service staff were very accomodating. Although we are SPG members we were given the choice of only two rooms, a &quot;non-smoking&quot; room that was a complete smoke box, and a tiny 14th floor room directly behind the elevator, which was incredibly noisy throughout the night. We stay in Westins whenever possible and this one didn't really live up to the luxurious reputation, but I would recommend it on location alone.	
Jan 4 2005	Your Typical Westin	I travel to many Westins and found that this particular one was very similar to the others in terms of style, decor and amenities. The location is perfect.The hallways leading of to my rooms looked a bit shabby. The front desk staff were not particularly friendly. The concierge addressed our inquiry while talking on the phone with someone else.All in all a good stay but nothing spectacular.	
Jan 3 2005	Great location!	Just returned from a night at the Westin Michigan Avenue. The location was perfect and the heavenly beds are worth every penny! We did use Starwood points for the room, but would have been please with the hotel even if we did pay full price.The room was a typical King bed room on the 12th floor, clean, well stocked and quiet. I would recommend to any visitors wanted to stay on the North end of the Miracle mile. Right next to the Hancock tower which is great for a night cap!	
Dec 21 2004	Heavenly Bed saved the weekend!!	The Westin's &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot; is just that - heavenly, but if you take the comfy bed out of the equation, I'd lower my rating a couple notches. With the exception of the bed, and great location, this hotel was somewhat disappointing. Our package included breakfast, yet no mention of this was made by the front desk at check-in. Likewise, my husband had arranged for flowers and a bottle of wine to be in the room at check-in, but you guessed it....nothing there! Two phone calls to the front desk remedied both situations, but it would have been nice if they followed through on what they said they were going to do! (A dirty glass in the bathroom upon check-in also set the tone for the weekend!!)	
Dec 21 2004	I'd give it mid-range	We stayed for one night the 17th of December. I liked this place because the location is great. The front desk person that checked us in was just NOT friendly and for the life of me I can't understand why people are like that at a hotel? How do they keep their job if they can't even smile? I was wishing the man next to her checked us in because he says to the folks walking up, &quot;Well Hello and Welcome to the Westin!&quot; Now, that makes one feel welcome. So, obviously, all the front desk staff is not snotty. Anyway, there were just small complaints I had like the wood on the vanity in the bathroom was chipped and could have used a good stain job. The paint around the doorknob in the bathroom was peeling. Those are little things that I think are inexusable and would take no time at all to fix. I notice those &quot;little things&quot; as a former travel agent. The bed was great, but then again, Starwoods are known for being &quot;heavenly.&quot; The bath, not so much! The shower head was so high that you had to be a giant in order to probably feel some pressure. If I'm at a hotel, I better have some GOOD water pressure! The room size suited us as we were only there one night and it had a desk and a nice chair. I'm from Chicago so didn't utilize the concierge at all. We paid $139.00 and I think it was worth it for the location.	
Dec 4 2004	Not all that bad	My family of 6 recently traveled to Chicago for a week. I wanted to stay at the Peninsula, but could not afford 2 rooms there. The Westin seemed to be in the location that I wanted, so even though the reviews weren't that great - I booked it. The lobby is nothing to speak of, the rooms were small - but we had an awesome view of Michigan Ave. The rooms were clean, the beds were comfortable, the bathroom was pretty decent. This is not the best hotel I have ever stayed in, but definately not the worst (and I am pretty picky!!) So I would recommend this hotel to those people wanting to stay on Michigan Ave.	
Nov 28 2004	So-So	We spent two nights at the Westin Michigan Avenue last week. The location and the heavenly bed were great. The room was small. The heavenly bath was a joke. A curved shower curtain rod and a two headed shower in a old small tub shower. The first night we had to call maintenance because the pipe had fallen off the bathroom sink and was flooding the bathroom when you used the sink. It took them three trips to get it fixed. The restaurant was ok but nothing special. We will probably try somewhere else next time.	
Nov 10 2004	Great stay	We just returned from a 4 night stay for a pleasure visit. Got Westin at Priceline for $90. Although the room was smallish, everything else was fine. Especially excellent was the service from everyone, gracious and friendly, from beginning to end. When I asked for 2 beds, non-smoking, and late check-out, it was granted immediately. We got the 15th floor in the old building, which had a great view. We felt welcome and appreciated.	
Nov 2 2004	Wonderful stay	I was looking for a nice hotel on Michigan Ave for a getaway with my husband. I read so many reviews I didn't know where to stay. Went through priceline and my choice was made for me. I couldn't have made a better choice.We thought the room was great. It was clean and pleasant. I'm not sure why people complain about the size, it is a hotel room and we found it adequate in size. The &quot;heavenly bed and shower&quot; are just that and I mean it!! Seven pillows on the bed, it was great. I don't consider myself very picky re a shower but after I came home to my shower, I was missing the dual showerheads.I had read about the pricey minibar and agree. . . avoid it. Who needs it with so many great places to eat so close. The Cheesecake Factory next door was fun. Our favorite though was the &quot;Big Bowl&quot; just a few blocks away. Great thai/asian type food with stir fry bar. Can't wait to go back and take our kids.This was also close to American Girl Place and, practically next door to Water Tower Place.We also were right next to the elevator and had no problems. Rooms were quiet.Recommend if you want to sleep past 8am, just hang the do not disturb, the maid comes early.The staff was courteous, remember this is Chicago. Would not hesitate to stay here if Michigan Ave shopping is your goal. I also loved State Street ie. Marshal Fields, Carson Piere Scott and would love to stay that direction too.	
Oct 27 2004	Very Mediocre Experience	I am basically a happy Starwood platinum frequent guest but this was disappointing. The hotel location on Michgan Ave. was the only plus.The room was OK but the staff was very indifferent even though they never seemed very busy.I had a very medicocre experience for $250 including tax. The view from the room was nice but otherwise it was very ordinary - not even the good Molton Brown cosmetics, just the Westin house brand.No pool, weak excercise room (when is the Westin Workout coming to Chicago?) There is no club level to upgrade to either.After I left they charged me for for a minibar purchase even though I never got a key to open it, but they did promise to credit it when I called accounting to complain.Next time in Chicago I will stay down the street at the Sheraton where they have a nice pool and workout center and a nice club lounge.	
Oct 20 2004	Great Location unfriendly front desk	I stayed at the Westin on Michigan Avenue October 15th-18th and although the hotel is well situated to shopping, John Hancock and Rush Street I found the front desk employees to be very unfriendly. The front desk employees seemed almost irritated whenever you went up there. The conceriege (Shirlene) was awesome, very sweet and helpful. The doorman and valet staff were also friendly. Do not try to purchase anything in the gift shop because the gal behind the counter will be ticked off that she has to stop reading her magazine to help you. Also, our phone did not work and I mentioned it to the surly woman at the front desk and she said she would have someone look into it-never happened. I got over the employees and had a great time in the city. Would stay again because of location.	
Oct 15 2004	Very bad experience	Security is terrible at the Westin. My boss was able to enter my room without my consent! He only had to ask the maid who was cleaning some room down the hall to open it and let him in!! Scary! She didn't know who he was, she just did it. I called security to complain, they told me that it was okay for her to open my room and let him in!!!! So, be very carefull when you stay there, because you don't know who could come in your room!	
Sep 28 2004	Good Service	The rooms we saw were on the small side, but they are clean, marble/granite floors in the bath, nice beds, and comfortable. The first room we were given was near an elevator, so the clerk was very helpful in moving us to another room. Unfortunately, the second room smelled of smoke, so we again asked for another room. This only took about 15 minutes total, and the third room was great. The clerk was very helpful, and despite the nuisance, we feel the service was great, and would stay there again. There is a self park 1 block west, which is $25 instead of $35 for the valet. Great location, clean and updated rooms, make this a relatively good bargain compared to some other Chicago hotels.	
Aug 16 2004	Comfortable and quiet!	I stayed at the Westin for the weekend of August 13th. The deluxe room was a very nice size with an extremely large marble bathroom. The carpet seemed brand new, the furnishings were in great condition and best of all, the heavenly bed was accompanied by an extremely quiet room. I was not disturbed once during my stay. All the staff I encountered were very nice and there was always a doorman available to assist with cabs. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again as it is a comfortable and quiet hotel in a location that is exciting and fun as soon as you step out the door!	
Jul 21 2004	Great Room	I had a great stay at the Westin Michigan Ave. I had stayed once before but this time saw that they did a great remodel. We got a corner room looking north up Michigan Ave and the room was huge. It had great amenities and I thought the staff was ok. The location is great. The only complaint was parking at $35/nite. Even though I asked, the guest service representative told me there was no self parking close to the hotel. Although I did find some just a couple blocks west of the hotel.	
Jul 20 2004	11 day stay in July 2004	Stayed at the Westin from June 29th to July 9th this year. I'm a Brit, living and working in the USA for the past 4 years, so I get about in terms of hotels. First and foremost, read these reviews especially the ones for this hotel with a pinch of salt.....complaints about the taxi drivers being rude, are not the fault of the Westin. The lack of a doorman to get one is their issue...people should be reviewing the hotel, not banging on about some extraneous stuff that the hotel can't do anything about!I had a really good stay here. I paid $179 per night. Bear in mind that these rates are an average rate for the area in this class of hotel. if you are expecting someone to lick your boots....go and stay at the 4 Seasons round the corner at double to triple the price.Upon checking in I was moved up to the 27th floor and given a fabulous room. it was the same size as all the others, but had a great view.Concierge service was super for the 11 days I was there. I never had any problems with the front desk either. Everytime I asked for something to be sent to the room it arrived in a reasonable time. I don't expect someone to be panting outside the door within seconds of making my phone request. 5 to 10 minutes is adequate service for a hotel in this range. Others have said they experienced longer wait times...that may be so.The room was clean, the bed as usual was super. As for the reports of rude cleaning staff, I never encountered any of them. They were all friendly and efficient. As for the bed linen changing comments from the person further down the reivew list....its not a scam to not wash your sheets everyday....have a thought to the environment please...it obviously saves the hotel money if they don't have to wash and change sheets every day, thats true, but it also saves a ton of environmental strain....if your sheets are so dirty after one night, then I suggest you take a shower more often!I never encountered a time when there was no doorman. I had a door man get me a taxi every morning with no problem for 11 days.In all, it was a good stay. i would recommend this hotel gladly. Just remember the amount you are paying, the area you are staying in...and set your expectations accordingly.	
Jul 15 2004 	Smelly non-smoking room	Cigarette smell in non-smoking room. Unprofessional front desk.	
Jun 27 2004	A great hotel!	Read the reviews and was skeptical, but decided to stay at the Westin anyway. From the moment we got there everyone was very helpful... doorman insisted on helping w/luggage even after I assured it wasn't necessary. I had called a few days before to let the Westin know we'd be checking in late, approx. 8:00PM, they said it woudln't be a problem and it wasn't! The desk clerk already had the room ready after he heard the doorman asking for a name for the valet parking ticket, we were on our way to our room within a few minutes!Room was very nice.. from the bed to the lounge chair to the marble bathroom. The bed was heavenly as was the shower, just like they say. I stayed away from the EXTREMELY expensive mini-bar, I would recommend you do the same!Despite some confusion at checkout that the room was already paid for via Travelocity and our noisy neighbors (it's a hotel, what do you expect?), we had a very pleasant stay, don't let the naysayers keep you from staying at this hotel!	
Jun 27 2004	Fine choice	There are numerous quality hotels surrounding this Westin, which provides competitive pressure for them to stay in the game. Staff were friendly and quick to serve and lobby area bright and inviting.Rooms are somewhat small, but nicely appointed and bathrooms are more than ample in size, good lighting and quality fixtures. The Heavenly concept is in use at this property and beds and linens are high quality. Maintenance was in good order throughout the property. My room was on the back side and quiet.A good location and good property for your stay in the Chicago area.	
Jun 17 2004	May 2004	Booked a room at the Westin through Hotwire for a good price. After I booked the room, I signed up for the frequent guest program and linked it to the reservation. This upgraded my room to a &quot;Preferred Room&quot; on the preferred guest floor. I must say I thoroughly enjoyed the room. The bed was wonderful! and the decor was really nice, even though it made the room look a little dark. I really have no complaints about this hotel. Front desk was really nice, room was cleaned everyday, shampoo, conditioner, etc replaced daily. Ample towels. Bathroom was big and the tub was spacious. The mini-bar has outrageous prices though! Not to worry, there is a Walgreens about 2 blocks up.	
May 14 2004	Very Good but not Excellent	I stayed at this hotel for a 3-day weekend. The location is excellent - - very close to all the stores on Michigan Avenue. The room was nicely appointed and the heavenly beds are outstanding. The staff was excellent! Very friendly, professional and responded quickly. The woman at the check in was particularly wonderful - - very warm and helpful. I cannot give this hotel an excellent rating for several reasons: 1. The walls had quite a few small splatter stains on them and the carpet was dusty. It was not vacuumed durning my 3 days at the hotel. 2. The bathroom floor was not clean. 3. I requested two FOAM pillows on two occasions and was provided with two additional feather pillows - - they did arrive quickly, however. 4. The &quot;overstuffed chair&quot; advertised on the hotel's reservation page was very stiff and uncomfortable. 5. The hallway carpet and walls are in need of renovation and/or cleaning. While not serious problems, attention to details like this separate very good hotels from excellent hotels.I had a good rate of $189.00/ night with 10.00 coupons for breakfast in the hotel's restaurant plus triple star points. Upon check-in, I requested coupons for room service breakfast instead and was cheerfully provided $30.00 coupons for in-room dining which I greatly appreciated. As other reviews have stated, this is a very good hotel in a great location if you get a good rate.If you are looking for large, super-luxurious rooms and ammenities, this is not the place for you.I will not stay at this hotel again because there are better options nearby in the same price range.	
May 13 2004	Bad Service	We checked in late and a very lovely efficient deskclerk gave us a room with a beautiful view. That along with the Starbucks in-room coffee and thenewpaper delivered to our room by a very efficient bellman were the highlights of our stay..Oh yes the bed was also nice. Looking over the list of servicesthe hotel provides, the next morning we decided to request a newspaper since there wasn't one outsidethe door. Also artificial creamer packets didn'tquite make it with the Starbucks so we decide to request coffee cream as well. Four phone calls later and 45 minutes later,we still have no coffee cream however, the exceptional bellman broughtthe paper stat after the 4th phone call. The next service person brought more artificial creamer and a stack of towels which we didn't request butOK more towels are good. Finally half and halfcame and I remembered that the Big Boy serves real coffee cream..this is a luxury hotel?? Next we are off to Art Chicago at Navy Pier..nodoorman to secure a cab. The first cab in linerefused to take us such a short distance. the secondcab driver in line suggested we go back and argue the first cab into taking us...still no doorman...can you imagine what a great cab ride that would have been? The third cab in line told us the first one has to take us and returned to reading his book. Finally we selected a passing cab and departed in a wave of curses from all 3 cabbies in line...upon returning no doorman to assist once again.Next.. the concierge..we call for information aboutour next activity, we leave a message..half hourlater call is returned but by then we figured it outourselves. Next call for theatre tickets, we leave a message again..this call was never returned.Third try..we get in line at concierge desk, wait until only one person is ahead of us. Our hopes are dashed as concierge leaves desk..never to return.. so much for the theatre...this is too much work. The final straw: we needed late checkout. We ask on the way in, the day before, if this is possible and what the charge would be--we were told $45 until 4 PM and to let them know ahead of time. The next morning we call the front desk to let them know. This time the price is $45 until 3PM and $99 until 6PM...now this is really messing with our serenity...again, we stop at the front desk on the way to breakfast..and ask the manager what is the problem..she confirms the current rate and can't understand who we got the previous info from since this is not their policy..we agree on $45 until 6PM. Breakfast should be a real treat since we had eaten in the bar the night before and the food was wonderful and the server was great. This time breakfast is served in the dining room by nearly dead waiters wondering around in a daze..fewcustomers but a 15 minute wait for coffee. Themeal was so greasy that if it wasn't for Immodiumour day would have been ruined. Finally we are able to escape the room at 1:30 PM hoping that the Immodium had taken effect. Returning at 5PM, we are sure we would have time for a short rest and a 6PM checkout. Walking by the front desk we notice that the long lines we were observing were down to only one person, so we decide to checkout and then go upstairs and gather our things...great.. a few more minutes to rest. .. No problem says the desk clerk who checks us out.Arriving at our room...the key doesn't work...no way would the key work. We go down to the front desk and are told that we DID checkout...the previous clerk isn't there...after explaining, we are told to return to our room and that security would meet us there....It is now 5:30PM and no security...well call down on the house phone that we found near the elevator and are told they are one their way...10 more minutes go by still no security...we call 2 more times before finally a bellman appears and tries to help but again he must clear it with security..we give him our drivers license and he goes to the phone and voila! security appears to let us in the room..no time torest as we must dash off to O'Hare..the phone rings and it is the front desk wanting to know if we are planning to stay another night since it is now 6PM.  Would we recommend this hotel to anyone?...only to our worst enemy.	
May 3 2004	Pretty nice rooms ideal location...	If you get a good rate for this hotel, take it. Although not one of the better Westin's, the location on the Magnificent Mile near shopping and restaurants, proximity to Lake Michigan and the Gold Coast make this a good choice. Per the recommendation of other reviewers I asked for a corner room and was told that not all corner rooms are larger (they must be used to this request). I took the room and it was average size--not really small, but not large. I didn't have a view of Michigan Avenue--they said those rooms are $30 more (which isn't worth it). Room was comfortable--enjoy the robe, comfortable bed, and the in-room safe big enough for a laptop. Lobby is uninviting--but so what. If the price seems high here, there are better hotels in the area, but if you find a good price, its a good value.	
Apr 19 2004	Quality Hotel / Excellent Location	Stayed over Easter weekend, April 2004, for our family reunion. We were all very pleased with the service when we checked in, and the location has to be considered excellent. We had three young ladies that like to shop, so I know they were happy. We even attended church across the street for the 8:00 A.M. easter service. We had just two in each room, but the king-sized beds were excellent, and the shower was special with twin heads! I've done business traveling to several larger cities over the years, so can't see what else you might need for a weekend get-away with the family.	
Mar 16 2004	OK not great	Stayed at the Westin for 2 days in mid-February - the room was next to what sounded like a generator, so there was a constant droning sound throughout the night - I didn't necessarily sleep well on the 'Heavenly Beds'. The location was convenient though, being just next to the John Hancock Tower.	
Mar 1 2004	Mother-daughter shopping trip	My 18 yr old daughter and I recently returned from a 3 day shopping trip to the Magnificent Mile in Chicago. We took a train from Michigan to Chicago. That's the way to go! Parking is limited and expensive downtown. We stayed at the Westin as I was able to find a good price on travelocity. I was uncertain at first as I had read several reviews which expressed some concerns with the Westin. We had no problems with the hotel. The beds and all of the pillows and down comforters made for comfortable sleeping after a long day of shopping. There was a small coffee shop which was open only limited hours, but we found the nearby malls with the food courts to be of benefit. My daughter liked to Rampage store the best!	
Feb 21 2004	I liked this place	I'm a sucker for heavenly beds. Combine those with the perfect location of this hotel and you have a winner. SPG gold got us a nice upgraded corner room - spacious and nicely decorated. Service was good. Wonderful rate through the Starwood website, too.	
Feb 20 2004	Heavenly (check in early for larger room!)	First let me say the Tripadvisor tips have been extremely helpful :-)End of Year 2003 (Dec. 29, 2003 - Jan.1, 2004)friends and i decided to go for the countdown at Navy Pier, Chicago. We booked Westin Michigan Avenue Chicago on priceline.com for $75 per night -(excluding fee) and read on Tripadvisor that the rooms are small except the corner ones.So on Dec. 29, 2003 we left for Chicago early. When we checked in around 2pm, i asked the front desk for a corner room. i guess he could tell that we booked the room with a very low rate, and he gave us a standard, small room (just like others pointed out) - you can surely imagine our disappointment. Since there were 4 of us, i went down and asked to switch to a corner room. (Actually before i went back to the front desk, i met a housekeeping person on the hallway. She confirmed that the corner rooms are &quot;way bigger.&quot;) This time the front desk lady did give us a corner room - she was not really willing though. But that is okay, because she wasn't impatient or unkind, either. When we walked in the corner room (Room 803 or something), we all shouted with great joy! Even though the room (facing north) no longer looked down the Michigan Avenue and its beautiful tree lights, it was just fantastic! The room is literally as huge as two combined!As for the heavenly bed, i guess i am fine with most beds - so Westin's beds are wonderful too, as most hotels i've stayed in. Let me mention something else: this standard corner room we stayed in - it has two double beds, with a sofa bed that fits one adult.The three-day stay is one of the best in my memory. Right across from the John Hancock Observatory Tower, most north Michigan Avenue CTA routes stop right at the corner of Westin. If you want to enjoy a great tour, you can always take various routes (obtain the CTA bus map in John Hancock Observatory or a visitor center two blocks down) to the Loop and then transfer to the subway. If you do, i hope you all have a great time there - because my friends and i really did!	
Feb 17 2004	Horrible for the Price	I've had to stay at this hotel twice. The rooms are OK. Just average. There are so many hotels in the area that are priced the same, why pay for average? The Front Desk is so understaffed the rudeness expressed by them is understandable. I've always had to wait and wait. When I asked why they don't hire more people they replied. &quot;The Management was Cheap.&quot; I later expressed concern to the Front Desk Manager and she replied &quot;Necessary Cost Saving.&quot; This is the same thing only nicely said.They leave a card on your bed in what has to be the greatest scam of the hotel business. All Starwood Hotels do this (Sheraton, W Hotels, Westin). The claim they don't want to wash your linen, unless you tell them so, to conserve engergy. Yeah Right. I placed my card to have the linen changed (At 210.00 a night it SHOULD be changed automatically) and just to make sure I wiped the coffee pot out with the sheet. When I returned the room wasn't made up. When I returned again the room wasn't made up. When I returned again (7pm by now) it was made up with THE SAME DIRTY SHEET. When I tried to call down to the desk, it rang out. When I went to the front desk I had to wait and wait to get anyone to help me. The answer. No one to help but they could send up some for me to make the bed. Ok so I'm a maid now?From the arrogant Revenue Manager - Mike Getka to the Helpless Front Desk Manager Sylvia to the General Manager _Mike Feignebaum all basically refused to return any of my complaint or letter or emails.If you don't want people to stay at your hotel then you're doing your job.	
Dec 18 2003	Nice Place	The room was modern and clean. The location was great. As well as the bed!	
Nov 26 2003 	Great All-Around	I travel to Chicago a lot for business and I have never been disappointed in my stay at the Westin. The location is great, right on Michigan Ave. and two blocks from Oak St. beach. The lobby is airy and bright. The entire staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The rooms are good sized, spotless and very nicely appointed. Highly recommended for business or leisure and a great deal if you buy through hotwire or another on-line service.	
Aug 25 2003	Great location and beds but hire some more staff!	Great location, steps from shopping. And &quot;heavenly bed&quot; is nice. But would probably prefer to stay at another nearby hotel in future. Service underwhelming: every time I tried to call any department (front desk, housekeeping, operator), it took a long time before someone picked up. Rather annoying--they clearly need to hire more people. Doesn't have a terribly inviting feel either, like a standard conference hotel. Visited the Sofitel a few blocks away--seemed like a MUCH better and more interesting place to stay.	
Aug 23 2003	Heavenly Bed IS heavenly		
Aug 15 2003	Fabulous Location...Room a Little Small		
Jul 23 2003	Exquisite corner room view of the Mag Mile!!!		
Mar 10 2003	Loved it!		
Feb 16 2003	Disappointed by Westin		
Jan 9 2003	Wonderful Westin		
Dec 23 2002	Fantastic Stay!!		
Nov 13 2002	If you like being bothered		
Aug 18 2002	A great place		
Feb 26 2002	Poor		
Jul 11 2009 	?????????????		
May 31 2009 	Perfetto! Posizione ideale grande comfort buoni servizi.		
Oct 15 2007 	Localisation idéale		
