	Class at a reasonable price	Arrived at this hotel on a cold sunday afternoon and I was greeted by very friendly staff, and free steaming hot chocolate and marshmellows. A great way to warm up the rooms were functional, clean and comfortable. Had a great view, when I return to Chicago I would not hestate to stay here again. The staff were incredibly attentive and polite, business centre free internet access was a big plus.	
Nov 19 2009 	Great location and very small rooms.	The staff was friendly and helpful. When checking in, the front desk manager (Tracy Hunter) selected 3 other rooms for us to look at because the &quot;petite room&quot; wouldn't fit 2 people and our luggage. We got the room through priceline and we've never had a problem with any room until now. Tracy told us there would be an upcharge to change rooms. She also told another group checking in they would be charged more for their room. Other than the experience with Tracy the hotel was nice.	
Nov 16 2009 	Great location 	This is a great location, in terms of shopping and seeing the most attractive part of downtown Chicago. The hotel itself is relatively inexpensive for this part of town and for overall quality. There are a few aspects of the place that are a drawback, as has been noted in prior reviews. First, the place is hampered by its inadequate elevators. Even though it has five, you find yourself waiting a fair amount, including just getting to the lobby from the street level. Second, the rooms can be small. I had a corner room on the 11th floor, which measured roughly 9 x 11, leaving little room beyond that taken by the bed and desk. There was virtually no drawer space, and the closet and bathroom were also tight. For one person, it was acceptable, in a European/sailboat kind of way. The room itself was nicely done, with fairly good quality bedding and finishes. In talking with other guests, I got the impression that other rooms were somewhat larger, though not expansive.As for other aspects, breakfast was an anemic buffet priced at $15.00. The hotel has a large workout area on the top floor.Overall, I think the Allerton is a fairly good option, especially at the price.	
Nov 13 2009 	NICE STAY GREAT LOCATION	This is the second year in a row we stayed for three nights at the Allerton Hotel; the fact that we came back speaks highly of the property. We really like this place. It's funky, though. When you enter from the street level on Huron (even though it is a Michigan Avenue address), you are greeted by a doorman, but need to take an elevator to the second floor to check in. There really isn't a hotel lobby there either, but there is an understated check-in and concierge desk. The bar and small restaurant are there as well. The elevators are the smallest in North America, but the rooms are sweet and comfortable. This year we reserved the Jr. King Suite for a great price. The room had a living room with a TV and a bedroom with a TV. The bathroom is definitely tiny, but clean and in working condition. The Allerton is very much like the many hotels you would stay at in New York City. It's an older hotel in a great location that has been modernized, thus the rooms are relatively small, but they have been updated nicely. It has the feel of a Kimpton property. We like it, but you have to be able to go with the flow here. It's not a grand hotel with a lobby and a lot of staff. Rather, an older hotel with small windows in each room, but modernized for great comfort. The location cannot be beat; literally steps to Michigan Avenue and all that Chi-town has to offer.	
Nov 10 2009 	Great value	Great location and great value. Room was clean and very nice.	
Nov 10 2009 	Could not have been better	Very surprised to read some of the other reviews because our visit was wonderful. The front desk and concierge greeted us and immediately made us feel welcomed. We were able to check in early. Pleasantly surprised by our room (a junior king suite). It was clean, comfortable, quiet. The location could not be beat. The lobby bar and restaurant were very inviting. The old world charm was maintained despite a recent renovation - it was classy and tastefully done. If you're looking for a chain hotel, this is not it but if you're looking for somewhere with character, this is the place. We will definitely stay there again and would highly recommend it to anyone else visiting Chicago.	
Nov 10 2009 	Pleasently Suprised!	I always do my homework when it comes to booking hotels. After reading a mix of good and bad reviews on this hotel I booked anyway, because I couldnt beat the price. $150 night. And after spending 3nights there I have no complaints! Checking in went smoothly, staff friendly. Room was clean, fresh and suprisingly lots of room! The bathroom was small, but clean. Great location, we always walk everywhere. I would absolutely stay here again!	
Nov 8 2009 	Loved it!	Just recently returned from Chicago to attend a friend's wedding. In searching for a place to stay, I found a great deal on expedia.com for $89.00/night I couldn't pass up. I booked the Allerton on the spot then started reading past reviews on this forum. I became very skeptical about my choice based on everyone's complaints on the size of the rooms, elevators, service, etc. But based on the price, I figured how bad could it really be?Boy was I pleasantly surprised! The hotel is in an awesome location. The entrance is on Huron Street but N. Michigan is just to the right. We stayed in the standard room. A bit small but perfect for two.. no more! Loved the Bath N Body products! We had a view of N.Michigan Ave. I could see the Zara store just outside my window. They were having their grand opening that night, red carpet laid out and the whole nine yards! Everything is in walking distance, to the right about two blocks is the Hancock Observatory, the Navy Pier is probably about a ten minute walk to the left. So many shops in between to window shop. The red line CTA station was also just a short walk away!Yes the elevators are very small, occasionally had to wait awhile for one, but figured I'm on vacation, what's the rush anyway?! Didn't eat in the restaurant, prices are steep esp. for a cup of coffee. But complimentary coffee is available in the lobby every morning. There are also tons of restaurants nearby, we ate at Giordano's on Rush St., just two blocks away, Great stuffed pizza! Also in the evening, carriage rides are available just outside the main entrance of the hotel.Service was wonderful, we had a problem with the safe in the closet, but help was on the way in less than five minutes.Overall, our experience at the Allerton was wonderful and I would recommend it to anyone visiting the Windy City!	
Nov 4 2009 	Great Stay Great Location!	Stayed 2 nights in a junior king suite (pictures listed under executive suite on the Allerton website) after finding a great deal online. This room has a bedroom and separate living area, with a t.v in each! I enjoyed having the extra space knowing that the petite and standard rooms are quite small, but this is a boutique style hotel, and that is what you should expect! With that said, I could have not been happier with the hotel and the location of it. The staff was nothing but friendly and helpful. For example, after hours of sightseeing the first day, when we arrived back to the hotel our luggage was still not brought upstairs. When I called down to the front desk they apologized and immediately had someone bring it to us. The man that delivered the bags then gave us tips on where to go for some decent Chicago pizza! The concierege made reservations for us and always helped with directions! The Location was also great...entrance is on Huron Street, Michigan Avenue is to the right of it. The water tower is a 2 second walk as well as the Hancock tower, Lots of great stores along the miracle mile, navy pier about 10 minutes, less than 5 minute walk to the red line which can take you into the loop where you can easily walk to other great destinations. Bathroom had bath and body works shampoo and conditioner, both smelled great, wish they'd add a lotion to the mix! Never ate at the hotel, breakfast prices were too high, but everything else seemed reasonable for a hotel......they had different drink specials each night in the lounge...free coffee in the morning...Our room had windows on three sides...in the bedroom we had a view of Michigan Avenue, and partial view of the water tower...the other 2 sides were of buildings. In the living area we kept the blinds closed because we were right next to an office building and I could practically read what was on the persons computer screen (but it is a city, and buildings are close together, can't always have a great view)...I do recommend going up to the fitness center at night...small windows, but great view of the water tower and hancock tower out of one of them, and they look beautiful at night... I have no complaints about the hotel, but will list some things that maybe could have been a little better, but did not at all make my stay any less special or comfortable!1. bathroom was small, toilet takes up too much space next to the shower, there is only a small shelf above the sink for toiletries, and a magnifying mirror poorly placed right behind the door, so it got hit every time we opened the door!.....shower head was a little low for a person above 5'9..but great water pressure!2. elevators were slow at times, and smaller than normal (but could easily fit 5 people or so)...if you've been to a small European hotel, these elevators will seem huge :)3. breakfast menu is ridiculously overpriced4. internet is NOT free in rooms, but FREE in the lobby and business center.5. towels and bathroom were not very soft.6. Pillows a little too soft as my head would sink right through them...I found bed to be comfy but my friend hated it.	
Nov 4 2009 	Worst Hotel in 5 years	Stayed here two nights, Nov 2 and 3 and it was BAD. A conference rate of $157 appeared cheap enough but considering the hotel, service, etc it was WAY over priced. The rooms are just right for 4 shoe boxes. on the upper floors the hallways are about 90 degrees. Food is weak to average. Bartender in the evening was the most helpful person on the entire staff but the lobby bar is not very comfortable either. One Star is too many.	
Oct 30 2009 	Fair warning: Don't stay at the Allerton!!!	This hotel does care the slightest for the guests satisfaction. Upon check-in I requested two beds in the room as was told I would have to pay an upgrade fee, not for a nicer room, just for the extra bed, this was just the beginning, don't get me started. I strongly causion you against staying at the Allerton, plenty of other guest friendly hotels to choose from. Learn from my mistake!!!	
Oct 30 2009 	Disorganized and Unapologetic: Beware of room 512	In keeping with other reviews, we did not receive the room we were promised: a deluxe king with a water tower view. Instead, we had a bed that was as wide as a king but extra short (perhaps a queen turned sideways?). Better yet, our &quot;water tower view&quot; was a view of the LOUD heating and ventilation system in a side alley (see picts). To cap off the cave-like aesthetics, the ceiling of the interior half of the room was so low that I could place my hands flat against it (I’m 5’4).What ticked me off the most, however, was the snitty way the Allerton staff dealt with us: we were treated as if we’d wandered uninvited into someone’s home and refused to leave. On the upside, this is an incredible well-located hotel. Then again, so are a plethora of others.	
Oct 29 2009 	Exceeded All Expectations	I recently stayed at the Allerton and everything about the property exceeded my expectations. The rooms were recently renovated, stylish, clean, and the hotel could not be in a better location. The service was excellent. I have stayed in many 4 and 5 star hotels in Chicago and would put the Allerton at the top with the best properties in town.	
Oct 29 2009 	You can dress up a pig but it is still a pig	They tried hard to dress-up this hotel to make it modern but the pretty look doesn't make-up for the quality of the hotel and service. If I hadn't booked on hotwire for a lower price I would have been even more furious with this place.The concierge was the worst one I have had on the magnificant mile. One incident, on Sunday we asked for breakfast spots and the woman conceirge didn't know of any so she asked someone else, who directed us to 1 restaurant that had an hour wait. After 20 minutes of roaming we finally found somewhere else to eat.The elevators were too small and slow to accomodate all floors so we were left taking the dingy smelly staircase. Luckily we were only on the 5th floor. We booked 2 rooms, my sister called ahead of time to make sure she could get a cot in the room for my neice who came at the last minute. They said it would be fine on the phone. When we arrived they said that the cot could not fit in the room we booked and that they had no rooms with double beds. The only option was to upgrade to a King room for $25 and get a rollaway for another $25. My sister decided to squeeze into the King bed with 3 people.Last but not least our rooms were not cleaned well and had a funny smell. The beds were not four star beds, they were so rock hard it felt like we were sleeping on the ground and the were only full size, not even queen. The bathroom and TV were the nicest part of the rooms, but when your in Chicago on vacation you really need a comfortable bed since you spend most of your time walking around.	
Oct 27 2009 	Good location but bad staff	The location is great. However it's difficult to believe it's a 4 stars (the room was not better than some 1 or 2 stars I experimented)...The staff was not friendly. I would not care if they didn't charge us for an expensive room service we didn't order. At first I thought the problem was resolved with the concierge. But finally we saw in our credit card account they still charged us. After email, phone call and fax, we still don't have any answer after 2 weeks...my advice is: be carefull and check your account after your stay.	
Oct 26 2009 	poor customer service	I stayed in the hotel during a recent business trip to Chicago. While the location is great for sightseeing, it is pretty far away from the airport and there is no shuttle provided by the hotel. The rooms are pretty small but functional. One thing that bothered me was that you couldn't put any of your own stuff in the minibar refrigerator. You will be charged for anything you move and if you didn't consume it, there is a pretty steep 'restocking fee'. Also, the hotel doesn't offer any soda machines so unless you go to the next store a couple of blocks away (which was nicely recommended by the restaurant staff) you are stuck with the overpriced minibar.My main complain came on the day of departure. You have until noon to get out of your room, so I had most of my things packed up but left it in the room until my business meeting as finished. When I returned around 11 am, the room had been cleaned and anything I had not packed away (drinks, cookies, shower stuff) was gone, even though I clearly had not checked out and some of my items were packed in plastic bags. When I mentioned it during check-out, I was told there was nothing they could do about it and pretty much got &quot;I couldn't care less' response. What bothered me more was the overall attitude than whether I lost a few things.	
Oct 25 2009 	Decent hotel in great location	The Allerton is in a perfect location on the Magnificent Mile, especially if you're in Chicago to see the major sights and/or go shopping. I was afraid to approach the front desk after reading some other reviews, but the staff were perfectly friendly and the concierge very helpful.I was given a king-size room even though I was alone, which was roomy, clean, and nicely decorated. I had no view--just one small window that looked out onto a fire escape--and the room was dark with the lack of sunlight, but in a building that large and old there are going to be some rooms like that, and they might have moved me if I asked. I got the room very cheaply through Hotwire, so I didn't feel comfortable complaining!The hotel restaurant is open only for breakfast and lunch, not dinner (the information book in my room said otherwise). A jazz singer performs in the lounge on Wednesdays and Saturdays, which is nice, and the entire second floor, including the lounge and check-in area, has free Wi-Fi.If you like to channel surf, this is not the hotel for you--there was a nice big TV in my room, but I was surprised to find that it had ONLY pay-per-view programming. And one movie costs $15.00. It seems ridiculous to provide rooms with such nice televisions and not equip them with cable--it would have been nice to at least watch the news. But this was my only major complaint with the place.	
Oct 25 2009 	Don't Bother	I stayed here via a win on Priceline - good thing i didnt pay full rack rate for this hotel! I had one night that I just wanted to relax after a business trip in Chicago and should have continued my stay at the Affinia around the block!I arrived on a rainy Friday, tired and exhausted from the work week. I was here alone, just wanted to chill and relax and take in the Michigan Avenue sights. The hotel has a very odd entrance. You arrive into the hotel to the bellman's area - - the bellman gladly took my two bags and gave me a ticket/receipt. I figured he would just bring the bags up to my room. NOT. They were SO busy with hundreds of bags in this small area -- and then that particular area leads you to a whole other section of elevator banks -- taking you up to the lobby on the 2nd floor. I figured that out....went to the registration level and checked in. (Check in process took forever - the line was very long). While i was there, this poor guy, (father of the bride) was already complaining about his very small room. I was thinking...OH NOOOO - i just got here and there are problems already? I got to my room on the 19th floor and it was TINY. Very poor layout, not very updated just a little box and a very small bathroom that was just looked like they attempted to renovate it, but it was still old. Only one person can fit i there at a time, put it that way. The noise level wasnt bad at all compared to the Affinia around the block. My room faced Michigan Avenue and not the hospital down the block...that was THE only good thing - the room was quiet and i managed to sleep well. The bed was just OK - -nothing ultra comfy/modern. Oh, and internet was additional at $9.95.This was the first time that Priceline has ever disappointed me with a hotel. I wouldn't ever stay here again. And, if I paid full price for this hotel, I would have been really angry. Do yourself a favor, find another hotel in the city.	
Oct 12 2009 	Poor Customer Service	I had arrived in Chicago very early on a Friday morning and dropped off my luggage with the bell service. I knew that I wouldn't be able to get a room right away, but the front desk attendant that morning called me on my cell as soon as a room became available. I thought to myself, &quot;what a nice gesture!?!&quot; Unfortunately, the front desk attendant who helped me check-in Friday morning was not the same attendant during my stay on Saturday and Sunday and I didn't receive the same courtesy from the other attendants. The weekend front desk attendants weren't very pleasant, weren't helpful, didn’t smile, had no personality and when I asked to speak to a manager regarding a concern that they couldn't help me with, I was told the manager was on break but would call the room once they returned. The manager never called. I even left my cell number and they didn't bother to call that either. Then, I requested a late check-out on Sunday from an attendant that worked Saturday and was told I could stay till 2:00 p.m. Then when I reconfirmed the late check-out with the attendant working on Sunday, she told me that they weren’t honoring late check-outs to anyone. I told her that the attendant I spoke with Saturday told me I could I stay till 2:00 p.m. And she said, “Well, I guess I can’t tell you can’t stay till 2 if someone else told you it ok.” And then rudely dismissed me for the next customer standing in line.I wish the lovely woman who helped me Friday morning, worked on the weekends, because I have a feeling I wouldn't be writing this negative review. I chose The Allerton Hotel because it had a great location, but I now know, why bother with a great location if the front desk attendants aren't pleasant. Yes, the rooms weren’t very big, the elevators were tiny, and the hotel charges you to use the internet in your room, but I could overlook all that. But what I can’t overlook is bad manners. I would not recommend staying at this hotel if you have any questions or concerns during your stay and need to speak with the attendants.P.S. – The bell service was fabulous. They were a great group of kind men who helped with our luggage, hailed down taxis cabs for us, and one of the men even suggested a great breakfast spot a few blocks from the hotel. The front desk attendants should learn something from the bell men – common courtesy!	
Oct 11 2009 	Top notch experience; the room the atmosphere the food the event space.	We held our annual user conference at The Allerton Hotel. The staff is attentive and the hotel seems to have low turnover as we see the same faces year-to-year. The food is excellent and the rooms are small but well appointed.	
Oct 8 2009 	Trendy comfortable hotel right off Michigan Ave	Stayed here for one night, while in Chicago on business. Front desk was efficient and very pleasant. They upgraded everyone in our group to suites (no prompting required!). The rooms were spacious, with long hallways, separating out three distinct areas: an entrance way, desk/work area and bedroom (and two huge flat screen TVs). Had excellent views of the city, and is in a great location with lots of shopping and dining options just outside your doorway. The hotel bar was also nice, small but cozy. And it looked like they had special happy hour deals, but we missed that. Would definitely recommend this hotel, and am hoping to stay there again the next time I'm in Chicago for work.	
Oct 7 2009 	Nice hotel great location!	The location of this hotel is super, the doorman and the bell boys were very attentive. The only minor is that you have to pay ($ 9,95/24 hrs) for wireless internet connection. It surprised me as we stayed in various hotels/motels during our 4-week trip through 13 states in total (including cities like NYC and Boston) but everywhere the internet was for free. No, correction: at the Motel6 you had to pay $ 2,99/24 hours. But hey, at a nightly rate of $ 60,- what can one expect. For the rest it was fine!	
Oct 4 2009 	Miserably disappointed....	I visited the Allerton this past weekend for a girls trip. To say we were disappointed is an understatement. I visit Chicago many many times a year and often stay at many other fine hotels on the Magnificient Mile. I had yet to stay at the Allerton, and can tell you it will be the last time. I can say one thing..it is in a great location. That is the extent of the pro's. This was my girlfriends first time to Chicago and I was so excited for them to experience an old hotel like the Allerton, however now I am embarrassed.From the time we arrived (it was pouring down rain) the valet and bellman could not be bothered to help us. We had to unload our entire car ourselves, and then actually yell to get their attention to come and valet the car. You would think at almost $50 a night for valet they would be somewhat attentive. They did not offer to take our bags to the room or even hold the door, the bellboys continued to have a conversation amongst themselves why they watched us struggle in the pouring rain.We then went to the 2nd floor (odd for checkin) to the front desk, and was greeted by a lady whose name escapes me. She was pleasant enough, but seemed uninterested with the problems we had. I explained to her what had happened and she offered us a &quot;free breakast&quot; which was insulting as it was only the smallest continental breakfast I have ever seen, toast , crossaint, and juice and coffee. But for $5 additional you can upgrade to an even more disappointing buffet.So back at this point, we had found a &quot;great rate&quot; on priceline.com in which I had paid full price or I would have just left right then out of sheer principle,. but we couldnt. Once we got in the tiny tiny elevator, and made it to our room I was fuming. I have never had to drag my own luggage, soaked by rain to my room at a hotel of this caliber on a Thursday evening at almost 9pm. We opened the room, and I thought it was a bad joke. There were 2 double beds, in which you could barely walk by them., The tv was in a position that you could not watch from bed. The bathroom was a larger joke, no counter space and the shower had ZERO pressure. It seemed like I was in a bad movie. The beds had feather mattresses and were extremely uncomfortable. One more pro for the hotel was that they offered 2 glasses of wine in their bar for happy hour, but the bartender was totally aloof and arrogant.Then the topper was there was one tiny bar of soap in the bathroom for the shower, but none for the sink. They also wanted to charge for internet access in the room. But if you want to drag your laptop to the lobby you can have it free there.The hotel has been remodeled, and is very clean. But it is clear that management allows customer service to be at the very bottom of their priority.I have traveled extensively for business and leisure, and am accustom to hotels that appreciate our business and treat us as guests. Unless this is the last available hotel on the magnificent mile, I would recommend NOT giving them your money.	
Oct 3 2009 	Great location - Great service	Three friends recently stayed at the Allerton for fun. The other reviewers are right on the mark when they say the location is great - right in the middle of everything. We were able to walk almost everywhere we wanted to go. The metro is close too. We took advantage of the upgrade opportunity we received in advance. For just a few dollars more, we were able to get a small suite. It was the perfect size for three people. Two nice sized rooms, with a sleeper sofa and 2 queen sized beds. Even though they knew that 3 of us would be staying in the room, we consistently were given only enough towels for 2, and there were no linens on the pull-out sofa. But we called housekeeping, and what we needed was delivered very quickly. So it wasn't a big deal. And I don't know what elevators one of the previous reviewers was taking, but we were on the 18th floor and breezed right up there every time. And the free wine in the bar from 4:30-5:30 was a special treat! We had a great time at the Allerton. No complaints from this trio of friends!	
Oct 3 2009 	Tiny Room but big comfort	The Omni across the street was booked solid, so I looked across the street and saw the Allerton. So while my friends stayed at the Omni, I took a room at the Allerton. The two could not be further apart. Although my friends and I waved at each other from our rooms, the feel of the Allerton is decades away from the upscale chain Omni. The Allerton's sign at the top of the building gives a traveler a hint of what the Allerton is - the Tip Top Room used to be one of the hottest clubs during the big band era and the hotel retains much of that Art Deco feeling. It has real character. But, built for single travelers, the rooms are tiny - &quot;petite classic&quot; was the description of my room. It was bijou, but spotlessly clean, nicely laid out and with all of the upscale amenities - lcd tv, wireless internet, robe, room service, etc. The fluffy comforter on the bed was perfect for a chilly Chicago night. Despite the small room, it looked out over Michigan Avenue with great views of the Magnificent Mile. The bathroom was beautifully done with retro style tiling and fixtures (great showerhead), but there was no shelf or space for toiletries which really undermines the feeling of luxury. Still, the location can't be beat and for the money, it is a great value. My next time in Chicago will be at the Allerton	
Oct 2 2009 	Location Location Location	My girlfriend and I stayed four days at the Allerton. I couldn't stress enough how great of a location it's in. Everything is in walking distance and a few block away from the metro. We flew into Midway and took the metro all the way into Downtown. We walked a flew blocks and there's the Allerton. It's surrounded by all the famous deep dish pizza joints and all the restaurants you can imagine. It's a few blocks away from the Hancock Building where you can have dinner and drinks on the top floors that have some spectacular views.The rooms were a little small but not that big of a deal. The shower was amazing. Great water pressure and high end soaps to go with it. If you don't plan on hanging out in your room, the petite room is good enough. The fitness center is very modern. The elevators can be a pain. You might have to wait awhile as we did. They are also a little cramped so if you have a lot of luggage good luck. That would be my major complaint. I think I would come back again epecially at the price I paid.	
Sep 28 2009 	Fantastic value unbelievable location	Just returned from a weekend anniversary on Sept. 25 and had such a positive experience. From the valet parking (pricey but worth it) to the staff to the guests, everyone was incredibly helpful and good natured. The hotel has good vibes. Tip: Apply for the optional upgrade, which means if they have a suite available they will upgrade you for $15. (The standard room was only $99.) We got one it was indeed first class. The hotel is classic old architecture, restored to perfection so if you love the details and don't mind smaller spaces, it is a real joy. We were twenty floors up, so street noise, (right on Michigan Ave. was not a problem. On site restaurtant is expensive but worth it. With the valet parking and room, it came out to about $150 a night, great for right on the avenue, much more expensive hotels are right across the street. Do yourself a favor and check it out. We plan on returning each year.	
Sep 19 2009	Allerton Hotel New York in Chicago...	Chicago: The Allerton Hotel - Chicago. September 17 - 19, 2009 My husband and I were visiting family in Chicago and wanted to spend a couple of days downtown and booked our trip online. The Allerton came up as a four star and because of the location, I thought it would be a good deal. Our experience left a few things to be desired. The hotel is older but the renovations were nice. The valet and bellmen were very accomodating and could not have been more wonderful. We had a pleasant greeting at check-in and that's pretty much where the good times ended. We arrived in our room and the standard room was smaller than hotel rooms I stayed in while visiting New York and I didn't think that was possible. The bed must have been a full size bed and there was very little walk space on either side. The bathroom doesn't have any real counter space so all toiletries must be left on the desk. I turned the bed back and the linen was filled with soiled spots. When I called to inform the front desk, the woman was short, didn't apologize and let me know she would send housekeeping up. I called back 35 minutes later when no one showed up and spoke to the manager who was very apologetic and sent them up immediately. She assured me she would follow up with me to make sure things were satisfactory but never did. Welcome to The Allerton! The hotel was clean and the location couldn't have been better but if you are looking for comfort I say, keep looking.	
Sep 7 2009 	Wonderful Stay-Loved the Art Deco Feel	We took a romantic trip to Chicago for Labor day weekend. The Allerton was in the PERFECT location. We walked almost everywhere in the city. I could not recommend a more wonderfully situated hotel. The decor is splendid, it is art deco and very chic. I loved the lavender smell in the entry and lobby areas. Our room looked over MIchigan Ave. We stayed on the 6th floor. I believe the previous reviewer maybe a little misinformed because this floor was beautifully remodeled and it was only one floor higher than the 5th. I have to disagree with the previous reviewer in their negative rating of service as well. Anytime we requested a service or information it was prompt and the whole staff was very informative. The rooms are small, so I recommend upgrading to a larger room. I believe that their smallest rooms are called &quot;Petite&quot; so try to upgrade from that. They have blow dryers, high end shampoo and conditioner and body lotion. Also, you can dock your IPOD on the alarm clock.Beautiful decor, great service, and a perfect location..I highly recommend! We will be back.	
Aug 24 2009 	Dismal Service	You can't beat the Allerton for location, but even a Motel Six beats it for customer service (or at least the service I received). When I arrived, for a business trip, the distracted and seemingly unhappy desk clerk put me in a terrible room, tucked behind the elevator...tiny...dark...bed went from one wall to the other, so you had to climb across it to cross the room. I called and requested another room. I was put on a different floor in the SAME TYPE of room -- only it smelled dank and unpleasant. It wasn't until I went back down to the desk and demanded a better, sunnier, room that I got one. The desk clerk didn't look too happy, however. That indifference (it even felt like hostility at times) characterized the service during my entire four day stay.	
Aug 17 2009 	Very happy!	Booked the room only a week ahead and was suprised at the rates we were still able to get while other hotels nearby were sold out. Went for my 40th birthday, and if you are going for a special reason make sure to note in the reservation. We were given a couple of free drinks and free breakfast (which we missed!). We also took advantage of the E-upgrade sent to us. Worth it for the bigger room for minimual price increase. Parking did seem to be higher than other places we have stayed in the past, but al least they have valet. Elevators were slow, we were on the 16th floor. Overall we were very happy. Great location. Great staff. Great pricing. We will go back.	
Aug 9 2009 	Amazing value great quality fabulous location	We did not know what to expect for the reasonable price we paid. Would it be a dump? As it turns out, the rooms were impeccably decorated - though quite small. The location could not be beat. Right in the heart of the Magnificent Mile - walking distance to many attractions. The breakfast at the hotel was quite expensive, but there is a lovely irish pub called The Elephant and Castle right on the corner which has a plentiful and reasonably-priced breakfast.. We traveled with our 5 children, and had a lovely stay. Would definitely return there.	
Aug 4 2009 	great stay but had some issues	i had booked my reservation through a website and when we got to the hotel late at night the lady at the frontdesk informed me that our room was overbooked and the only thing available was 2 rooms on opposite end so my husband had to sleep in one room with 1 of our kids and i had to sleep in the other room i was furious i had paid in advance fofr a junior suite and she just apoligize and thats all she could do after a few minutes of telling her that was not going to work all of the sudden she said that a specialty was out of order because the bar sink didnt work so agreed to take that room as long as all my family was together i agreed and she said the next morning we would have to move to the room we booked,so when we got to the room we find out it was not the bar sink but the bathroom sink that didnt work the next morning i called the front desk to ask them if our room was ready and the gentleman i talked to said that we didnt have to move if we didnt want so again i agreed to stay in the same room but i mentioned to him about the bathroom sink and he said that was no problem he was going to send someone to fix it the same day well we stayed 4 days and that sink was never fixed i never complaint again because i thought well maybe they will fix it tomorrow my husband was not happy at all we had to brush our teeth in the bar sink for 4 days and he had to shavewith no mirror but other than that our stay was fine.	
Aug 3 2009 	Location and breakfast buffet are great but that doesn't make up for the other issues	My stay was to take the IL bar exam, and about 10 colleagues of mine stayed as well. I specifically requested a room on the 4th floor when I made the reservation a month before. When I checked in, the lady tried to put me on the 16th floor, and argued with me when I told her I had the email they sent me stating the details of my reservation and my specific request. She eventually put me in a room on the 4th floor after I refused to take anything else. I have no clue what the rigamarole was for. I would have had to leave if I wasn't on a lower floor. The elevators are a total JOKE. After waiting over 10 minutes for one the first day, I took the stairs for the rest of my 3 day stay. I always saw a bunch of people waiting for the elevators. The stairs are cool, but for women staying in a city alone - probably not the safest. You can simply walk in off the street and up the stairs to the rest of the hotel floors. No locks to the doors leading to the stairs. Yes, your room door is locked, but would you want to take the chance of being on the hotel floor by yourself with an intruder?Cleanliness is not their forte. The seating area by the check-in desk is nice, but when I sat down, I noticed the buildup of dust on the mantle behind me. When I checked into my room, the TV remote on the desk was FILTHY. I had to clean it before I used it. On my final day there, I dropped something by my bed and when I bent to pick it up, I saw cigarette butts, hair and dust bunnies under the TV stand. Clearly, someone is just cleaning what can be seen and letting everything else get GRIMEY. And, the hotel is supposed to be completely non-smoking as well - so you would think they would clean up cigarettes.	
Aug 3 2009 	Not what i expected!!	We stayed at the allerton on 7-27-09 for one night and we had to wait for our room and also gave us the wrong room i biiked a double suite and they gave me a king so my 2 kids had to sleep in the sofa bed, whe we ask for sheets no one came and gave it o us I had to go find the house keeper and get them my self.The hotel was nice and clean and a very good location if you like to shop, i guess my only complaint would be the front desk.	
Jul 29 2009 	Great Location	The best thing about the Allerton is the location. It is within walking distance to shopping, major attractions and restaurants and clubs. I only had to take public transportation once to get to the Navy Pier but even the bus stop was only 3 or 4 blocks away.My room was a &quot;petite bedroom&quot; which as the name implies was small. I was traveling alone so it was fine for me but it would probably be tight for a couple. The furnishings were sleek and modern. I loved the flat screen TV but I did miss not having dresser drawers to put my things in. For those who like to work out, the fitness room was pretty decent. It had several treadmills, elliptical machines and stationary bikes as well as a variety of weights and weight machines. A bowl of apples was provided so I grabbed one to have as a snack later in the day.All in all, I had a pleasant stay at the Allerton and would recommend it to other travelers. Just do some homework and try to get the best rate you can. I used quickbook but expedia or hotels.com offered comparable deals.	
Jul 23 2009 	Small Room Big Location	We came to Chicago for a conference, which was held at the Sheraton and we were looking to save some money on the room. The location of the hotel was excellent, easy walking distance to lots of restaurants and stores. We walked to the conference and back daily. I have stayed in many a small hotel room in big cities, so opted for the upgraded room size when I booked the Allerton. Well, I would have hated to see the smaller rooms! We were in a corner which was nice, but barely had room to move around the bed. I even went back down to the check-in desk to make sure I got assigned the upgrade, and they were not very nice about it. Well, the upside was the room was clean and convienent. The elevators were very slow and cramped. Good hotel as a home base for sight-seeing or buisness trip, not good if you want to lounge in your room or are traveling with a family. Worked for us for the money, overall.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great Location and Service	I stayed six nights for a conference held at the hotel. The location could not be better, right on the &quot;Magnificent Mile,&quot; near the Omni and Peninsula hotels. The service and staff attitude was among the best in any American hotel I've experienced. The room was renovated, spotless, and comfortable, with flat-screen TV, etc. The only problem, and they forewarn you about this on the web site, is that this is a historical hotel. The the consequence is that the rooms, though renovated, are quite small by contemporary American standards, rather like a hotel in Paris or Tokyo. And I was disappointed that there was no coffee machine in the room. Otherwise, the stay was great. Recommended!	
Jul 21 2009 	Great location great value...will stay here next time in Chicago	We got a fantastic rate at this hotel for an overnight stay in Chicago. The reviews seemed kind of mixed to us and it only rates #90 ish on TA, so was kind of concerned. We checked in late, around 11 PM and the agent was unable to upgrade us as our reservation promised so she comped us a free bfast.The concierge, the bellman and the check in agent were all tremendously pleasant and helpful.The mext morning, we had a fantastic bfast. I travel extensively on business and have stayed at all of the best hotels in most major cities in NA....this bfast was as good as any and the staff were very attentive and friendly.AS stated already, the location is excellent.Our room was very clean, smallish that is true.The acid test for me is always how clean the bathroom is and most importantly does the shower have good pressure. We were in a King Jr. suite on the 22nd floor and the water pressure was good.I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 17 2009 	Great Location Great Service	I must admit I was a little concerned when reading some of the reviews. We booked the Allerton through Priceline for 5 nights in July. When checking in we were offered a free upgrade to a larger room. I must admit that this &quot;larger&quot; room was still quite small, but this would be expected from an older hotel in downtown Chicago. The key for me is the hotel and the room were exceptionally clean. The staff was friendly and always greated us when we walked in. Parking is quite expensive when using the vallet service. I recommend parking yourself. There is a parking ramp that is $13 cheaper per night a block away. All around a nice place to stay.	
Jul 16 2009 	Nice location...not so nice service	It's hard to beat the location of this hotel. It's right on MI ave. We got a great rate for the season and a cheap upgrade to a suite.However, the service was pretty crappy. I don't think anyone smiled at us once while we were there.	
Jul 12 2009 	Tiny Room	Stayed there only one night in Nov - thank goodness, the room was so small, I wont rush back.	
Jun 29 2009 	Quaint and nice	I stayed at the Allerton for Valentine's day weekend 09'. I must say it was a very nice hotel. Although small, staff was very friendly and accomodating. We originally booked a; I believe they refer to it as a &quot;mini&quot; room.. (dont quote me) but they upgraded us free of charge to a normal size king bedroom. The hotel is located in a GREAT location! Michigan Ave. Shoppers paradise. Nice restaurant, nice staff, nice room service. reasonable price for a short notice trip.. (booked with orbitz.com) Would stay here again, would reccomend.	
Jun 25 2009 	Disgusting.	My fiancee and I were looking so forward to this trip , but were sadly disappointed.We were greeted with rotting food in the refrigerator. We called down to the front desk and they sent up a maintenance person, who cleaned out the refrigerator, and sprayed what appeared to be Febreze. No offer of a new room whatsoever. No apology. We settled in and realized there was no hairdryer.Our problems seemed to be over until we were greeted at 3 a.m. with the smell of cigarette smoke in our bathroom and hotel room. Regardless if it was a smoking floor or not, we were not notified. Other guests on the floor clearly took &quot;smoking floor&quot; literally and two afternoons in a row, the smell of marijuana smoke poured into our room.	
Jun 21 2009 	Boutique Hotel	Great location. The rooms are small and the hotel itself is stylishly decorated. There are some cleanliness and room maintenance issues that need to be addressed. Overall I was satisfied and would stay here again.	
Jun 21 2009 	Great location so-so hotel.	We stayed for a weekend in June and the location was great, but the hotel is clearly taking advantage of its location to offer less. The rates are similar to other loop locations. The carpet in our room was filthy, and no, dim lighting will not mask it! The room was slightly larger than the queen size bed. There was room for a small desk, but not much more. And the temperature outside was about 85 and it was rainy, and it felt about like that in our room. I think the thermostat is for a placebo effect. You really do need some cool, dry air to combat the humidity, and it was not there. So all in all, I'd stay somewhere else. We paid $51 for parking each night, you could stay somewhere else and take cabs for that money.	
Jun 19 2009 	Nice hotel convenient location	Stayed at this hotel on a recent business trip. Room was small but nice. Location was convenient to Michigan Ave shops and Rush Street restaurants. Staff was pleasant	
Jun 19 2009 	Good location but not worth the price	Was booked here for a meeting - the organizers thought we would like the historic aspect of the hotel. The lobby and public areas are indeed stylish, as are the rooms. But rooms are REALLY tiny. Only one wastebasket, so I had to keep moving it between the desk and bathroom. Lots of hall noise, the A/C was also very noisy and the bathroom fan was deafening. Neither my room phone nor remote control was working during my stay, and the staff were cool and not very friendly. Parking and food are very expensive. The hotel is in a great location for downtown attractions, but the overall experience was not impressive.	
Jun 17 2009 	Beautiful hotel shame about the service.	We stayed here for a one night stop over before catching a flight to NYC the following day. The hotel was fantastic, the room was big, with a separate lounge area, great bathroom with big shower and two big televisions. Eventhough we had spent the previous 36 hours on a train, the bed was sooooo comfy! The only thing wrong with the room was that either i couldn't find a safe or there wasn't one. If i was staying there longer than one night i would want a safe in my room. Location was spot on, we walked everywhere the evening we visited. The service at the front desk, not so good. We went to enquire about a shuttle to the airport for the next morning on our way out to dinner, the lady gave us the phone number, explained very badly what we needed to do in order to arrange it and then instead of offering the phone to us or calling for us, we were made to take the trip back up to the 9th floor to make the call! I wasn't particularly impressed with that, especially as the hotel itself wasn't a cheap one to stay in.	
Jun 14 2009 	Best place on Magnificent Mile Chicago	It is a decent Hotel offering great location &amp; great value for money. It offers very fast wifi, which is great help for persons on business trip.The rooms are small &amp; the food in the cafeteria is poor	
May 22 2009 	No so great.	The room was super tiny. It had two beds and they were so close together it might as well have been one bed. The carpet was shabby, with rips it it and was very dirty looking. We had to wait over an hour past check-in time to get our room and then I believe we would have sat in the lobby even longer if we hadn't complained. It was like they just forgot we were waiting. The lobby and common areas are absolutely georgeous but the room we had was like it was another building. The bellman makes himself very scarce and might ignore you for a while when he is there. Would definitely not stay there again.	
May 20 2009 	Neutral - some good some bad	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Allerton for a few nights during the Easter weekend. To sum up our stay:Good - location, price (got a great package deal from Orbitz), and cleanliness.Bad - room size is small but sufficient (mind you, we apparently got upgraded to a Queen bed but I am not convinced since my double bed at home is the same size as their queen size) and no coffee maker in our room so we went to the lobby and asked where we can get coffee and they directed us to the lobby bar where they charged us about $5 for a cup...now that's a bit ridiculous considering Starbucks was located across the street.Would I return again? Yes - only if I can get the same deal. I'll just have to remember not to ask for coffee the next time around! = )	
May 11 2009 	Great Location Would Stay Again	A friend and I stayed here for 3 nights. As it was our first time in Chicago, we wanted something with easy access to shopping, lots of things to do and places to eat. The Allerton did not disappoint.We were able to walk to almost everything we wanted to do (parks, navy pier, shopping, restaurants, etc). We did have to take a bus to Bucktown, but the stop was right near the hotel.The staff were friendly, though we didn't interact with them too much.The room was in good condition and clean, but the layout was awkward, not allowing the person on the far side of the bed much room to walk to their side (less than a foot). As two girls, we didn't mind sharing one bed, but it was hard to get around without disturbing one an other.We were very impressed with the fitness center. There are several cardio machines (bikes, elliptical, 4 treadmills) each with their own tv screen and weight machines/ free weights. It was clean and there were always plenty of towels. It is bright and airy and wasn't overly crowded when we were there.The restaurant in the hotel was ok. It had good food, but not really a good place to have a 'night out.'Overall, we would happily stay at the Allerton again; It was the best value for us.	
May 8 2009 	Excellent location great quality reasonable price	The hotel is right in the centre of the Loop - the heart of Chicago. Within a walking distance to the Theater District and all of the museums. Great spot, excellent bathroom (all walls in marble). Tiny room, no fridge, but - hey! - again, excellent location :)))Fitness centre on 25th floor overlooking the city, business centre with 24hour access to internet - opens with the guest room card, wifi with additional charge.	
Apr 21 2009 	Nail Clippins in bed to fluid stains on chairs uck never again	I have traveled in large cities like NYC, LA, SF and have stayed at a wide range of Hotels and have experienced a wide range from good to bad in service and the type of rooms. I have to say this place takes the cake on not looking nearly as nice as the pictures on their web site. They say they had a complete renovation in July of 08, ok not even a year ago. Then why was the furniture in our room busted stained with god knows what and the shower caulking was peeling and falling into the shower and floor. The sink and toilet had stains like rust on floor and around the faucets. The carpet in the room was thread bear with rips and holes in the middle of the room. The walls in the halls are scratched busted wood trims filthy looking doors etc. All of this combines to make a so called &quot;nice&quot; hotel have the appearence of a dump. For the prices they list you can find MUCH MUCH BETTER elsewhere. I have pics and will post them later. If you are use to staying at cheap roadside hotels then this is your place you might think its a palace. But trust me its not. Plus the staff was rude and not helpful from the doorman that ignored us on entry with our bags to the bar tender that took the cake or rude. I would say stay away from this Hotel. Oh we also had nail clippings in our bed sheets and the towels left a layer of linen like dust all over my body and in our hair. Its riduculous that I coudlnt take a shower and dry off with a towel without being covered in a layer of white lint. Plus on check in we asked for a room with a view they had plenty she said on entry, we thought cool how lucky, then upon entry to our room our view was of a fire escape.. nice job lady. Sure she had a good laugh about that with her co-worker (slackers) .	
Apr 20 2009 	Loved the Allerton!	We stayed at the Allerton this weekend for our anniversary and the entire experience was wonderful. The staff is fantastic. Every single person we talked to had a great attitude. Our room was on the 12th floor - between the two sets of elevators. NO noise problem. We heard sirens from time to time, and some water running fro time to time, but nothing serious.Great view of the Water Tower and the Hancock building. The room was long and narrow, but well proportioned. Small-ish, but this is downtown Chicago. If you want a big room, you should reserve a suite.We walked around the corner to the Corner Bakery and had a great meal. The hotel is also just a block from Gino's East - our favorite. We enjoyed shopping on Michigan Avenue, and went back to the room when we needed to rest, then back out from more shopping. This hotel is right in the middle of everything. It was an ideal place to stay. We will definitely return!	
Apr 14 2009 	Clean Friendly Great Location	I booked this trip last minute through expedia, after booking I went on to read the reviews(guess I should have done this first) I was a bit apprehnesive after reading the reviews and questioned wether I was going to be comfortable with my stay at this particular hotel. I am very happy to announce this was a wonderful trip from the beginning to the end, the room was very clean, staff were wonderful, location was unbeatable, some have made comments regarding the size of these rooms they are a bit small however certainly very cozy and comfy.. and lets face it anyways who goes to Chicago to spend all the time in the hotel room??	
Mar 30 2009 	Weekend Stay	We arrived on a Thursday morning around 9 but check in wasn't until 3 so they held our luggage and said they would call whenever our room was ready. So we ate breakfast and shortly after they front desk called said that the room was ready whenever we got back there which by then was 10:30. I had booked a King junior suite but the room they first gave me was a suite with a queen bed. After going back to the front desk they were very accommodating and gave me another room which was just what I wanted overlooking Michigan Ave. For the price we paid, we couldn't have stayed in a better location. It was right in the middle of everything. The quality of our room was good. We had 3 windows that we could easily open, the bed had a feather topper which was a little pokey sometimes but otherwise comfortable, the bathroom was very clean but with slight peeling of wallpaper where the towels hung. On Saturday night I ordered room service. The meal I ordered took less than 30 minutes to arrive and was very good. They called back about 10 minutes after I received my meal to see if there was anything else I would like and if everything was ok. I place the tray in the hall after I was finished and within a short time the obnoxious guys staying in the next room over broke the glasses. This is an old hotel and so the walls and doors are very thin and you can hear everything around you. I could hear everything those (4) guys were doing and we could not sleep so I called security. They security guy came up 10 minutes later and talked to them but it did not help what so ever. Another thing is that WIFI in the room was $9.95 per day but it is free in the lobby/restaurant.	
Mar 19 2009 	Beware! Beware!	Prices of rooms are left to the disgration of the very unfriendly staff. BEWARE... of hidden charges that will later show up on your credit card bill. Parking is not included in the price and you will NOT be warned of this. When you check in you will be advised where to park and that they require an additional $50.00 deposit for the phone, TV, etc. on top of the room rate. They will never mention you must pay an additional fee of $51.00 per night for parking. After you pay cash for your room and parking charges you will see on your next credit card statement charges for the parking garage in the amount of $51.00 which they will say was a tip. When you phone in for a reservation you are required to give a credit card number to hold the room and they will charge what ever they want to it without your permissionand you never have to present the card or signing anything.	
Mar 18 2009 	Could be fine for some travellers but we hated it.	I didn't get the best deal I could have on this stay, which just makes me all the more irritated about the Allerton. I attempted to contact in-house reservations prior to check-in to discuss adjusting my rate (I felt a bit entitled as I was booking for an entire week at the end of a miserable Chicago winter), but I never received a call back. Due to the circumstances surrounding my trip, I didn't have a lot of time to badger management about this issue, so I let it be and hoped that the hotel would impress regardless. I will say this, the rooms are very pretty. There were some issues with peeling wallpaper, but it was not that noticeable. Beds have feather toppers and feather pillows (undisclosed on the web site), so I now have a sinus infection from a week's worth of constant exposure. On a side note, I didn't figure out that the pillows and topper were feather until nearly the end of my stay, at which point removal would only have served to make the bed more uncomfortable. These are flat, pokey featherbeds, not the high-end kind, so wear thick fleece pajamas.The ice machine noises the AC was making when I arrived were easily remedied by turning climate control off. The windows are a nightmare, don't open them. This hotel is right across from Northwestern Hospital, so be prepared for ambulance noises at all hours. I guess if you are a big shopper, the location could be a selling point. For us, beyond being nice to look at, this place is absolutely not worth your time at the price. My first room (standard king) was very spacious, plenty of room for yoga, and it even had a chair and a bench. Unfortunately, it was also right next to the elevator. I grew up in a town with trains and planes, so I got used to the whooshing fairly quickly. However, the doors here do not go all the way to the floor, and they are thin, thin, THIN! I rolled up a towel and shoved it under the door as a sound barrier, but it made no difference at all. After the second night of no sleep due to loud conversations outside my door at all hours of the evening, I insisted on being moved. The gentleman at the front desk did not argue about switching my room, but he did point out that there was no way he could prevent people from having conversations outside my door in the future, regardless of location. Between exhaustion and frustration, I had to talk myself back from punching him in the jaw. Why would people randomly stand around MY ROOM, assuming that my room wasn't located at the gateway for entering or leaving the floor? Really. Room 2, also a standard king, was much smaller, and was one of those rooms with a door joining it to the room next door. Remember how thin those doors were? Our neighbors loved Ray LaMontagne, acoustic guitar singalongs, and noisy sex. Yay! I could not bear the thought of moving again, and they at least kept it quiet most of the night. This is the room I was in when my husband got into town, and it's the one we stayed in the remainder of our trip. It was a bed to sleep in, and nothing more. He's never going to let me live down not going with his first choice, the Blake.	
Mar 13 2009 	THE STAFF IS WHY I'D RETURN...AGAI AND AGAIN AND AGAIN!	Yep...the staff, from the greeting of the Doorman to the Reception to the Housekeeper to the restaurant Server was OUTSTANDING.. Having been in the hotel business, I tend to be more aware of service and facilities than others...and, particular. The ALLERTON will be my choice for all my visits to Chicago...The workout rooms are better than any I've seen..Jerome and Nadeem are outstanding and certainly go the extra mile with teriffic attitudes...Great value, great staff and THE place to stay....	
Mar 11 2009 	Quirky hotel with good location and great service.	The hotel is located on the main shopping street. It is down the street from a Walgreens and 4 blocks from the L (subway). It is laid out in a strange manner, with the front desk in the second floor next to the restaurant. Also some of the elevators only go down to 2, which can be a hassle. The hotel itself is quiet, however, its location ensures constant ambulance sirens, as well as construction sounds one block down. The restaurant is minimalist and elegant, however, I found it to be overpriced. Orange juice was $7. I paid $25 for a simple juice, tea, bagel breakfast. Room service is efficient and the staff is very pleasant. I ordered risotto for dinner and it was fabulous. I was upgraded to a larger room upon arrival. The room was abundant in closet space, clean, with abundant windows with superb views. The layout, once more, was strange- the door leads into a small sitting area that turns towards an office which turns again towards the bedroom. However, it was a comfortable room and great value. The bathroom was clean with a simple hair dryer and L'Occitanne toiletries. Overall the hotel is very nice. I would describe it as modern, not artsy. If you do choose the Allerton, be sure to head over to the business center and use their free internet.	
Mar 10 2009 	A few problems but a good stay	I booked at the Allerton because it was only a few blocks from my destination - the Northwestern Univ. Hospital which is right down Huron Street. Despite the street work right outside the hotel, I didn't have any problem with the valet parking. I booked a Park and Play rate that included the parking and put the room rate (for a King nonsmoking room) at about $120 - not bad for downtown Chicago. The room was small-ish, but I've had smaller rooms in Chicago. The closet was spacious enough and the bath was tiny but serviceable. Amenities were nice and the room, carpet to ceiling, was clean. My biggest gripe was with the internet site and connection. Their website is very difficult to navigate with different versions of reservation's pages depending on what kind of package you choose. It's poorly designed. Once on site, the internet is supposed to be available for $9.95 a night, which I always find surprising when you can get free internet now at so many other locations. I was still going to pay it but then couldn't get on. The front desk passed me off to a &quot;tech support&quot; person who tried for 10 minutes to get me signed on. I finally just said &quot;Never mind.&quot; They slid my bill under the door overnight and I noticed that - besides the Park and Play rate - they had charged also for parking! I immediately called the front desk and was told, &quot;Well, they fix that on check-out.&quot; Like I would know that? The location, right on Michigan Ave. is great - a few blocks either way and you're in shopping nirvana. If I go back there though, I think I might try the Avenue hotel just down the block (after I check out its reviews, of course!).	
Mar 9 2009 	Great location. Excellent suite! Very good choice for downtown Chicago.	I stayed at the Allerton for a work conference and overall we all had a very good experience. Because I was one of the conference coordinator I had a suite. It was one of the nicer suites I've stayed in. The bed and pillows were comfortable. The room had two flat screen tvs and a Ipod docking station. The bathroom was good, with a nice shower and good water pressure. The only issue I had with my room was 1. there was no refrigerator to put odds and ends in and 2. though there was a sink there were very few glasses and no plates or silverwear. The suite was quiet and I could not hear what was going on in the hallway of the hotel, but I could hear the firetrucks on the street from my room. When we were planning for the meeting/conference we were concerned about our dealings with the reservation staff - they often mispronounced the hotel name and got our reservations all messed up. However the staff at the hotel were very nice and all very responsive to our needs. We used the Renasissance Ballroom for our meeting/conference and everyone loved the room - the high ceilings, the windows, the new carpeting, etc.	
Mar 2 2009 	One of the cleanest and artsiest hotels I've ever stayed at.	One thing I noticed at first was the hotel's design aesthetic. Loved the lobby and the hallways and it reflected on the rooms as well. The rooms were not too big nor small, were extremely clean and has enough amenities to make a week's stay worth it: a couple of TVs, a sofa bed plus your regular bed, L'Occitane bath items, work desk, hair dryer, iron, etc. Bathroom was clean and well-stocked. Our room had a good view of Chicago and when we asked for additional pillows, they responded quickly as well. It made my stay in Chicago better.	
Feb 24 2009 	Nice Place good rates but small	Many reviewers have mentioned the size of the rooms here. They are small, yes, but for me it was neat to be at a place which obviously has some history to it. The rooms are small, because that's the way they built them 80 years ago (or whenever it was built!) The rooms are also very clean and modern looking. I did not have a chance to go to the bar or restaurant, but they seem to be very hip.	
Feb 23 2009 	Great service nice hotel	- Excellent and quick customer service (e.g. housekeeping came with loads of extra towels and soaps within 5 minutes of calling, friendly restaurant staff, etc.)- Nice furnishing, design- Comfy beds- Fantastic soaps, shampoos, conditioner- Very central location- Room was quite, ahem, cozy and didn't have a dresser	
Feb 22 2009 	NIce Hotel but Don't Drive There!	The entrance is very cool, smells like lemons so that was nice. Lobby is on the 2nd fllor which is odd to me, and check in time was nuts. Kind of annoying that the wifi isnt free - it is in the lobby but you still need to get a passcode, and if its check in...forget about it. Room was cute (small) but stuffy. But here is the kicker - $51 a night to park, and you pretty much *have* to park in the adjacent ramp because there are no other choices. And you feel obligated to tip everyone everytime. Employees at the hotel were helpful and friendly though.	
Feb 16 2009	great location but rooms are small	first trip without the kids... so wanted a great location since no car. the allerton was the hotel I got with my $75 night thru priceline. The price and location on magnificient mile was good choice. It was a $30 taxi ride from airport. The revolving entrance was the valet area. The check in was on 2nd floor which was kind of strange. the elevators are tiny so might be a problem if you have lots of luggage. The checkin lobby had a fireplace and looks chic. The hotel decor looked modern. We got a queen room on the 9th floor. The hallway and carpet looked updated unlike other negative review. I did not smell anything bad. Our room had a view of the michigan ave and we could see TIffany &amp; co.  I do agree that the room was small and we are small people. Not a lot of moving room. As soon as you enter, the bedroom and chair, desk are right there. The bath products were L'occitane which smells good. the room was at the corner so it was quiet.The best part of this hotel was that is was walking distance to shopping, food, tourist attractions. The hotel is right on the intersection of michigan ave and huron. So you are right in the middle of the magnificient mile shops. Everything was at the front door. There is the apple store across street. The John hancock up a block and the water tower shops next to it. H&amp;M, ghiradelli chocolate few blocks. The millenium park with the bean structure was 3 blocks on the opposite direction from the hancock building. Gino east pizza right down the street and Giordanos pizza next to tribune place (3 blocks down). We took the subway to the Sears tower and walked to the art institute. We took a cab to navy pier and shaws crab house. We were glad we did not rent a car since hotel charges and parking would be hard and expensive everywhere. There are walgreens and starbucks, dunkin donuts almost every corner. Have fun and wear comfy shoes. We would stay here again since it is less expensive compared to the omni and marriott nearby.	
Jan 30 2009 	Great value at the Allerton!	We booked our trip for last Friday/Saturday on hotwire about 2 weeks before the trip. My husband and I were taking a short weekend to Chicago for some good eating and relaxing. We paid 180 with taxes total- 90/night with taxes. I was nervous about all the reviews and complaints on TA but I had no reason to be. To start- the staff was very friendly and accommodating-in fact- I told them that we had met in Chicago years ago and were here for a relaxing romantic getaway and then I asked for a queen size room instead of a double which is standard for hotwire customers at this hotel. We were given our key and went to our room. To our surprise we were given a room on the top floor (24). It was a suite with a living room, a huge bathroom and a king size bed! We were in tears! We also went back downstairs to tip the staff that helped us. The elevators were super quick all weekend and we never had any issues either. I'm sure the rooms that are smaller are well- small...but for the price- even one of the small rooms is a deal at 90 bucks a night including taxes for a wknd. Our only issue with the room was the water pressure- but we were on the top floor so we figured this was why we had low water pressure. We thought the rooms were beautifully decorated too. Would we stay here again? Yes, however I don't think it's worth full price. If you can get a good deal- say under 120 in the winter and under 150 in the summer- I'd book it. The location is TOP notch! We walked to everything!	
Jan 30 2009	Stay if you have to	Hotel looks nice but rooms are quite a small That is not such a big problem but the air in the room was terrible Room has sam smell! Bed is comfortable but for someone tall it is too shortWindows couldn't be opened until maintanance guy came to help us But after that we couldn't close it Overall statisfation-It is not hotel for four stars	
Jan 5 2009 	Excellent Experience At the Allerton	Stayed at the Allerton over New Years (12/30-1/2). Booked 3 rooms the day before directly with hotel and got a special rate (stay 3 nights get 20% off entire bill). Be sure to ask for such specials. Got two standard queen rooms and they were very nice. Best to avoid the Petite Standard room as it is smaller and appears that is where some negative reviews came in. Hotel is an old classic building recently renovated. Staff was just fine for us despite some other reviews. Our main room was the Specialty Suite (bigger than Junior Suite) with king bedroom and huge living room with wet bar and foldout sofabed (they had told us it wasn't a foldout but it was and saved us a rollaway at $25 a night). Fantastic view of Michigan Avenue lights. Asked for a minifridge which they delivered immediately but did not work well so we were not charged. Restaurant and bar are pricey as you would expect but OK. ATM in lobby. 5 elevators are small but fast. Bellman was fantastic for luggage and cabs. Very tight with only about 2 parking spots for unloading so a little hectic. Self park a block away for $38 or valet for $51.We left some clothing in the closet after checkout and the staff retrieved it and mailed it to us instead of taking it home as virtually every other hotel has done to us. If you are looking for a hotel with a variety of room types including suites, which are overpriced elsewhere, try the Allerton. We will come back.	
Jan 3 2009 	A Chicago Gem	At first, I was a bit skeptical to book with the Allerton. I'm a person who feels most comfortable staying at branded hotels like Hilton or Intercontinental. After a stay at the Allerton, I found myself exceptionally pleased with my choice to give them a try.I booked my hotel directly through their 1-800 number after looking at the rates on their website and Expedia. The receptionist was extremely pleasant and helpful. She addressed all of my concerns, including the fact that I was only 18. I asked if there would any problems checking in without a 21 year old adult and she assured me the hotel would permit me to check in.Upon arriving at the hotel, I was met with friendly and professional staff. Check-in was prompt and I was very pleased with my room.I was traveling on a budget; so booked their mini-room. I believe they call it their &quot;Petite Classic&quot;. I, traveling by myself, found the room to be more than accommodating and large enough for myself.The room had a very up-to-date look, although I remember the bed being a bit stiff. The bathroom was small, but had a very neat shower!Overall, the room was fairly small but large enough for one person. No doubt it was one of the best rooms in downtown Chicago for the price I paid.Would definitely stay again!	
Dec 29 2008 	Loved the Allerton and it's staff	My husband and I were lucky to even get into Chicago, as the weather was terrible and we traveled on the second busiest day of the year. I called Mateo' at the Allerton several times to confirm that we could check in after midnight. He was very sincere and assured me that we would have a room after such a taxing day. After a 12-hour travel day (should have been 3 hours), we arrived at the Allerton. I felt like Mateo' and I were old friends and he treated me as such. He was a precious gem. We upgraded to a junior suite and were glad we did. We had a corner room with a great view of Michigan Avenue (Tiffany &amp; Co., Neiman Marcus, Macy's). The suite was clean and updated. The king bed was super cozy and comfy. We loved having 2 flat panel tvs. The bathroom left a bit to be desired. The toilet was industrial. The shower/bath was normal size, but the drain was slow.We thought we'd really miss a coffee pot in-room, but it wasn't a big deal. We walked to Dunkin' Donuts the first day (don't waste your time, as it was weak), then drank the complimentary coffee at the Allerton. That coffee was excellent! It was the talk of the hotel.The gym at the Allerton was amazing! It was beautiful and clean and comfortable. It had ample equipment. The elevators were on the small side, but they were normal speed. We had no complaints there. The bar was never open or manned when we were in the mood for a drink, but that wasn't a big deal. It made us get out and explore. I didn't read reviews of the Allerton until after I booked the trip, so I was pretty nervous about how it would go. I would suggest that you don't put too much into the negatives. I am not easy to please, to my husband's chagrin, but I was thoroughly pleased with our experience. This is the first review I've written, I hope it helps. We will happily stay at the Allerton the next time we visit Chicago.	
Dec 23 2008 	Great value	This is a great value for your money. The location was very good.	
Dec 15 2008 	Great little place!	I booked a King room under a special rate for Saturday the 13th of December. Excellent $99 rate plus tax for King room. The building itself is RIGHT OFF the magnificent mile and smack in the middle of everything. Cute renovated interior - very small elevators but not a problem if you have light luggage. Nice looking front desk /restaurant and bar area. Nicely decorated room - good sized with room to walk about. Nice bathroom -small but not too cramped. Room overall is clean and cheery - not dark. Save on parking-use the structure attatched to the hospital a block away ($38.00 for 24 hrs) and walk to the Allerton. My only complaints are the following: 1) The bed though big and nice with nice sheets and pillows is very HARD. Not a problem if you like hard mattresses of course, but I prefer a softer one with pillowtop. 2) Although it was winter - it was hot in the room. I turned the thermostat down to 65 but still was warm all night. Admittedly I like to sleep when it's colder so I realize not everyone will care about this. The windows do open but only about an inch as there were not any screens on them. 3) Breakfast at the restaurant was outrageous in price. $44 for 2 orders of bacon(4 strips each), one order of toast, 3 pancakes, and 2 glasses orange juice!! Eat elsewhere but don't be afraid of the comfortable accommidations. Free coffee in the lobby in mornings and free hot chocolate near reception during the holidays!	
Nov 21 2008 	Worst Hotel Ever!!!!	This is absolutely the worst place ever!! The restaurant was not open for dinner, no concierge, front desk agents looked inexperienced. The manager on duty was very rude and didn't seem like he cared to help me. Tall, African-American guy was very short when I asked questions. Elevators are small and slow and rooms are small and has a mold like smell. Hotel looks pretty but thats about it. The so-called business center is not a real business center. You can not fax or print any documents. When you go to the front desk complain you can tell this is something that they hear everyday so its of no surprise to them. Do yourself a favor and stay elsewhere.	
Nov 15 2008 	Wonderful Stay	We loved our stay at the Allerton. After reading reviews we decided on the Allerton. We went for the junior suite and it was perfect! We had a siting room and a bedroom with plenty of space. You just can't beat the location--right in the heart of the Magnificent Mile. You can walk to just about every attraction. We would definitely stay here again. Just a little tidbit of info--go to the hotel website--there are sometimes specials that are not advertised.	
Nov 3 2008 	Pretty perfect!	My husband and I (we're in our mid 20s) took a long weekend to see Chicago and &quot;get away&quot; from St Paul, MN. Our experience at the Allerton exceeded expectations at every turn. We arrived via train and took a very short taxi ride to the hotel from Union Station. We were greeted with lemonade in the lobby and warmly welcomed by every staff person we met. Check-in was fast and easy and we found our room to be very nicely decorated, spacious and perfectly clean. The concierge helped us get tickets to the river cruise that I read about on TripAdvisor and we enjoyed dinner at a nearby pizza place that had been recommended by a friend. The hotel's location is PERFECT for anyone wanting to do sightseeing in Chicago. You're ON the Magnicifent Mile and can easily walk to Navy Pier or Millennium Park in 15 minutes. Anyway, we had a great trip and really enjoyed staying at the Allerton. It's perfect for young adults looking for a nice place in a great location and at a reasonable price. One recommendation if you do stay here - don't waste your time/money with breakfast at the hotel restaurant.	
Nov 3 2008 	Good location on Mich Ave clean good for solo business traveller	I stayed in a standard guest room at the Allerton Tip Top Tap (per the big neon sign on the bldg) for a business meeting a few blocks away. This is an older Chicago hotel that my grandmother told me she often visited for lunch as a young woman. It is right on the Miracle Mile of N. Michigan Ave., just south of Water Tower Place mall and in the middle of tons of shopping and fancy hotels.I got a competitive midweek rate on Hotwire (130) for a 4-star hotel. The hotel is only a few blocks from the State Street Subway, which connects to the Elevated Line to Midway, making it a $2 easy and cheep connection from the airport. I checked in at 11 pm, no problems. I did not use the restaurant or bar. Concierge has maps of the area. Free coffee and decaf in the am (in the Lobby – no coffee pots in room), complementary hot cider at night. The room was small, but clean. View of the Hancock Bldg and Watertower Place, 1 and 2 blocks north, respectively. The bed was firm and comfortable with soft pillows and warm linens. Temperature was controlled from a thermostat – no noise from the unit. Flat screen TV – could not really watch it from the bed since it was 90-degrees from the bed, blocked by the desk if lying down. Actually, to get to the far side of the bed, one would have to climb over it or negotiate a 1-foot margin between the foot of the bed and the wall. Adequate closet space. No fridge, unfortunately since there are lots of good deep dish pizza places near by &amp; I had leftovers. Bathroom was small but had plenty of shelf space, power-flush toilet, and an excellent showerhead. Nice marble tiles and the towels were fairly soft. Good bar of soap, lasted 6 days (I took it to my next stop). Shampoo, shower gel, lotion, hair dryer and conditioner provided. No bathrobes. My room was tucked behind the elevator, but I never heard it. Minimal street noise, despite being on Michigan Ave. The only problem in the room was that the carpet was coming up near the bathroom, and I kept stepping on carpet tacks – ouch. The exercise room is 24 hours and had nice machines, free weights, and water + apples. Check out was simple and fast. I would not call this place 4 stars, but I got it for $150 less than the conference hotel down the street. Again, it’s a 5 min walk from the subway, 10 min walk from the loop, 20 min walk to Old Town/Lincoln Park, and in the middle of the Michigan Ave Shops. Maybe not Tip Top, but certainly fine and competitively priced. Best not to have a car - walking, public transportation and taxis get you anywhere. My standard room was ideal for 1, might want more space for 2 guests. No hassles, 24 hour gym, quiet….I’d go back.	
Oct 29 2008 	It's all in the details...	My husband and I stayed at the Allerton for 3 nights. At first, the hotel seemed great. Fantastic location (right on the Mile), nice decor and friendly staff. The longer we were there, the more we noticed that could be improved. The room we had was very small with hardly any storage space for our clothes. Most of our stuff we had to put on the window ledges. It did have a comfortable bed which was a relief. There was a small safe on the floor of the closet which we put our passports, extra cash and jewellery. I realized on the 2nd day that the safe was not even bolted into the floor or the wall. It wasn't very heavy and I could have easily picked it up and taken it with me if I was a thief robbing the room. Great security...it's like having cameras that don't record anything! Why bother?!?We would also strongly recommend to out of town guests, not to bother renting a car if you are staying here. The parking fee is over $50 per night and it can take up to a 1/2 hour to get your car from the valet. There is no self-park option, so you not only have to pay the large fee, but you feel obligated to tip the man who brings you your car since it's not his fault the fee is so high.All in all, we would definately not stay here again. For the extra money we spent on parking, we could have stayed at a much nicer hotel.	
Oct 27 2008 	Travel 200 Days a Year. Worst hotel I have stayed at in 3 years	I was very disappointed in the hotel and shocked that they have maintained their 3 1/2 star rating. I can actually handle the small room as the location is great and even can get by that it really isn't renovated. But, the unprofessional and un-friendly staff is inexcusable to me. I arrived in from a long day of traveling @ 11:30pm. There was not any water for purchase in the room so I went to the front desk and bar and was told there was no chance in getting a bottle of water in the hotel but that there was a grocery store a couple of blocks away. Being a women walking around in Chicago @ midnight is not the smartest thing to do. So I decided to make do. As I was heading to the elevator I asked the bellman if he knew of any bottled water in the hotel. He proceeded to say &quot;no&quot; and stuck his hand out to say &quot;but I can get you one if you pay me&quot;. This blew me away!!!!! Midnight and the shady bellman wants some under the table cash for a bottle of water. Will never stay here again.	
Oct 6 2008 	Allerton is the perfect location	My husband surprised me with a weekend away in Chicago for my birthday. He booked the Allerton on Hotwire and got a fantastic deal - $200/night. We were not expecting much since everything else right downtown is near $500. This hotel was a little hard to find since we were looking for the entrance right on Michigan. The entrance is actually on the side street named Huron. They have people waiting outside to park your car if you like. We actually went just a little ways down Huron and used the self-park. It was just a block away and much cheaper than using valet. You come in on ground level then go to floor 2 for check in. The elevators are very small and you will have a lot of people packed in each one, but they are not slow - just a lot of stops. We were on the 15th floor and you can see the Sears/Hancock Tower from there. We ate dinner at Ditka's (near the Tower) and had awesome prime rib and filet. The bar side is pretty noisy. We wished they would have put us on the other side but the food was so good, we didn't mind.You can walk to Navy Pier from the hotel (a looong walk) but we did it. We had gorgeous weather so we wanted to take advantage of it. They have a huge ferris wheel, mini golf, and tons of food stands. I would have loved to ride the ferris wheel but had no luck talking my husband into it.We had a &quot;standard&quot; room and it was quite small We were next to the elevators so I don't know if they are all that small. We could not walk around the bed because there was no room. I had to crawl over from the other side. The size was fine since we didn't spend much time in there. The bed was super comfy, they had a sitting chair and a desk and chair. The bathrooms were great - only issue was nowhere to put toiletries. (A man would be fine!!).We would definitely return. The location was the best thing for this hotel. As soon as you are on the street, you're right in the middle of all the action.Breakfast was fantastic at the restaurant downstairs. The belgian waffles were worth the trip alone.	
Oct 2 2008 	4 Star? I don't think so..	I booked the Allerton through Hotwire on a convention weekend in Chicago when many hotels were booked. Based on the previous reviews I'd seen here, I was nervous about my planned three-night stay there. As it turned out, I was right to be.To say that the room is small is an understatement. The floorplans on the hotel website seriously misrepresent the room size. Our room has one queen-size bed, and space only for one night table--I guess two people aren't allowed to read in bed at the same time. The bathroom is similarly small but adequate. The two bath towels, however, are more worthy of a Best Western than a supposedly 4-star hotel. Ragged, thin, and misshapen. I've never been a hotel that does not provide two bars of soap--one for the bath and one for the sink....until now. Yes, there is a tiny bottle of shower gel--I guess my husband and I are supposed to take showers on alternate days during our stay.Wallpaper in the bathroom is peeling. All day long, there have been large plastic bags of dirty linen in the hallway. I've never seen that kind of thing at 4 PM at a 4-star property.Internet is $9.99/day and is wired DSL, not wireless. There's one telephone in the room, located on the desk. I guess we can fumble across the room (all of two steps) when our wakeup call comes.The elevators have been discussed by others. Tiny, slow to come, and apparently one or two are always out of service. Just try not to visit during flu season--it's hard to avoid skin-to-skin contact on most elevator rides here.I will admit that the location of the Allerton can't be beat. But this is seriously the smallest hotel room I have ever been in, bar none. I feel like I'm in a garret, not a hotel. The amenities are limited--no fridge, miserable towels, a phone that has seen better days. I would say to management: Why not just drop the pretense to being a 4-star property? If you lower expectations, your guests won't feel quite so misled.	
Oct 1 2008 	Good value	For the most part, very pleased with our weekend stay at the Allerton. Very stylish boutique hotel right in the middle of Magnificent Mile. Room was small, but no smaller than expected for a city room (I've seen smaller in New York!). Staff was very friendly and helpful when we had questions about getting around. On the day of our departure, we had some time after checkout before our flight home; we left our bags at the desk and I started to leave my coat as well, when the attendant suggested it was a little chilly and I might want to keep it. It's a small thing but shows that they're really paying attention.The downsides: I called room service (which closed at 11 PM) one night at 10:20 to order dessert. The woman who answered the phone told me that the menu in my room was out of date and rattled off the night's selections. I picked one and she told me it would be there in 20 minutes. After 45 minutes, there was no one there and no one picking up at room service; the call went to the front desk and I canceled the order. Annoying but minor.My husband left a pair of pants in the room, which we realized the day after we checked out. We called and they said that no one had turned them in. The head of housekeeping went and checked the room and spoke to the person who had cleaned it, but there was no sign of them. Odd.Overall, though, I would definitely recommend it.	
Sep 30 2008 	Great location well appointed but small rooms	I only stayed here one night but after my terrible stay at the Hilton (see other review) I was delighted! The location is far better than the Hilton - you step out onto lots of high-end shops and malls. The lobby is hip (with accompanying hip music) and the staff courteous and friendly. The room was small but contemporary, clean, and with up-to-date furnishings and a flat screen TV PLUS it was over $100 less than the Hyatt, I was absolutely delighted!! I would highly recommend this to anyone despite the slow elevators!!	
Sep 29 2008 	Dirty Rip Off	We stay in Chicago twice a year for business and have tried many hotels. Here is my laundry list of problems with The Allerton:1) Used tissue on the floor next to the bed when I arrived and never picked up by housecleaning during my stay. 2) Splatter from waste basket on bottom of desk never cleaned from previous guest.3) Bathroom shade fell off when trying to pull it down and cut arm.4) My fault: I left my phone charger in the wall in front of the bed. I know it was there, but of course, house keeping never reported anything in lost and found, so when I called, they can do nothing.5) They messed up the checking-in process so that my co-worker's credit card was on my room and she wasn't checked in to a room at all, even though she had a room card. We had to go back to the lobby twice to get it straightened out.OVERALL: They've dressed this place up pretty nice but they can't hide the fact that their staff is lazy and even a little shady, even if the concierge has a foreign accent. An open fire in the lounge and some trendy bedroom fabric doesn't make up for a poorly ran hotel or justify the extremely high prices. In the past we've paid the same amount for a much larger room at Hotel 71.	
Sep 23 2008 	Convenient Location but Tiny Rooms	I stayed at the Allerton largely because I was attending workshop being held in the hotel and they gave me a great rate, $199 per night vs. $300, and it is conveniently located to the Chicago main drag, Michigan Avenue. While the decor in the main lobby and restaurant area is snazzy and the staff generally nice and helpful, there are a couple of things that are hard to dismiss. First, the elevators are painfully slow. Additionally, the rooms are so tiny and the bed not very comfortable. I had little room for my toiletries in the bathroom, no where to put anything. Thank goodness it was only me in the room, there would be no room for my husband. It's also annoying that they don't provide a coffee maker in room like so many other hotels do today. Luckily, there's a great convenient eaterie just around the corner on Erie at St. Clair called the Corner Bakery Cafe. The redeeming feature is the shower, mine was great, and, again, the location is great.	
Sep 12 2008	A Rip Off Like No Other	My advice - STAY AWAY.The hotel itself is &quot;OK&quot; - rooms are average, location, pretty good, service, OK as well.But here is my most recent experience. I booked a room for one night in July, &quot;guaranteed,&quot; through Orbitz, and arrived for check in to learn that the hotel had &quot;overbooked.&quot;The front desk clerk asked whether I would consent to taking a complimentary room at a hotel 8 blocks away, PLUS a refund of the $ I had paid for the room at the Allerton - meaning in essence, a night free.It was a hot July evening and against my better judgment after a long day on the road, but I accepted - schlepped my bags the 8 blocks.At least I had the good sense to take the name of the clerk and the Director of Sales . . . the former had assured me that the refund would appear on my credit card &quot;within a couple of days&quot; - which of course, it did not.So I contacted the DOS via email and he assured me he would follow up with Orbitz, which who knows if he did . . . but I told him that truly, this was not Orbitz's responsibility: Orbitz did its job. It was the hotel that overbooked its rooms and then made me an offer it did not live up to.Suffice it to say, there has been no refund of the $187+, and I will never stay at the Allerton again, and recommend that no one reading this stay there either. We have come to expect these shenanigans from the airlines, but I thought hotels were better run businesses that actually cared more about their customers and reputations. Usually, that is true. Not in the case of the Allerton.Michael from NJ	
Sep 8 2008 	Fantastic at The Allerton Hotel	My girlfriend and I stayed for 8 nights at the Allerton for our summer holiday to Chicago. The location is unbeatable - the Magnificent Mile is one second away. If you like shopping and brands such as Apple, Nike, Tiffany and Ralph Lauren then it is the place to stay. The building is beautiful. The hotel has been renovated fantastically. Ok the lifts can be an amusing experience, but don't let that put you off. The room was exceptionally clean and well equipped. It wasn't huge but was more than comfortable. The best bit about the Allerton though, has to be the fantastic staff. Every single staff member that we came across were exceptionally friendly, kind and went out of their way to ensure that our stay was perfect.	
Sep 7 2008 	Terrible!!!!!	The hotel is a disaster! First of all - when we arrived, no one offered to help us with our luggage (and their check in is on the second floor) We had to get our stuff upstairs in very tiny and super packed elevators!!Worse - they refused to honor our reservation for a king size delux room that we paid extra for - saying that they owe nothing to Orbitz or to us becasue we did not book with them direct. After we complained and asked for a manager, they promised to move us to a suite the next day. When we returned from a day of walking exhausted, they said &quot;sorry- you were not moved- someone dropped the ball...&quot; Finally, they agreed to move us to a room away form the elevator, and actually gave us a room which was smaller and the bed a Full size without even telling us they were going to do that!! But - the luxury item we did get was a mini fridge! Imagine! In this hotel the mini fridge is &quot;first come first serve&quot; - This is worse than a motel 6! The staff is just lying, not caring whatsoever for the customers, and irresponsible!The hotel - although they claim a renovation - has old dingy bathrooms, no mini friges, tiny rooms (not only the mini - all of them), and no elevator lobby making teh whole thing a fire hazard! Imagine right outside your room door is a 20 story high shaft that opens up to your front door. If anything happened, you would be trapped by the fire in your room. And certainly the staff would be the first to run away leaving everyone there. In any case - a disaster - terrible place!!!	
Sep 2 2008 	wonderful experience	We stayed 7 days and enjoyed it tremendously. The comfort, service, location and price made our stay very enjoyable. We are trying to book again for the spring but cannot find any room availability. We will keep trying as we want to return.	
Sep 1 2008 	Lots of Potential Lots of problems Great Location	We arrived to a pleasant staff to be told that our room category (King Junior suite) was not available. In fact the hotel was overbooked. They offered us a standard room with a double bed and a promise to move trhe next day. It was late so we agreed. There was not a sister property available we were told. The next day the promised room was not available either. Bad business.Unwilling to move to another property we stayed the 2nd night. We were comped both nights. I would be willing to pay for an enjoyable hotel stay.OTHER PROBLEM AREAS: The safes are not bolted down in the rooms. I carried mine down to the front desk to show them.They have five elevators in the old building only 3 are used for guests. The others are for service employees. There are long waits at check inand especially check out. I advise you if you are on a middle floor to take an up elevator to get down. We waited 20 minutes at first to check out. Our room was not cleaned the first day until we returned at 430pm and called. Parkinf is $51 USE SELF PARK DOWN THE BLOCK FOR $38. No refridgerators in room.THE GOOD POINTS. Friendly staff even in the face of overbooking and the problems it causes for the staff. The place was very clean. The location was excellent.	
Aug 26 2008 	great experience at the Allerton	My husband and I stayed 5 nights at the Allerton and it has been a great experience, the staff has been very nice and helpful, they upgraded us to a suite, which was grand, the bed was absolutely very confortable.The location is just perfect, in the middle of Magnificent Mile, were all the shops are and very close to everything. I would definitely reccomend this hotel for a nice stay in Chicago.	
Aug 25 2008 	Sneaky But Nice...	After working with our travel agent we settled on the Allerton for the price and location. I read SEVERAL reviews that mentioned the parking and the &quot;hidden&quot; fee of $51 per night. Also that the elevators and rooms were SMALL. Everything was indeed the way I read. I opted to find my own parking and after a complaint of the condition of the room we were upgraded to a double that was more than sufficient. If that was their basic room I would have been happy at the onset. The biggest thing to anger us is that we went to the resturant for breakfast the 2nd day there and were greeted by a waiter who poured OJ and Coffee never asking if we wanted either. When our bill arrived we noted that we had to pay $5 for each orange juice and $3 for a cup of coffee (which was FREE around the corner from 6a-11am~!!!!) Overall the hotel was ok for the price but I think I will be looking around if I travel back to Chicago.	
Aug 24 2008 	great location and good amenities	The Allerton was everything I expected. The location was fantastic. All major tourist attractions were within walking distance.The check-in desk was helpful in that even though we arrived early (11am), we were able to check in and go to our rooms right away, giving us plenty of time to rest before venturing out. Elevators can be a problem even though we were lucky enough to never wait more than 5 mins for it. I'd say avoid checking in and out at around 5pm. There was a pretty big elevator and bell-man shortage. As long as you avoid the busy times, the service is good and elevators are sufficient.All in all, I'd return for another stay, especially since getting such a good deal from travelocity.	
Aug 19 2008 	Loved the Allerton	My husband and I stayed in one of the classic rooms. It was small but perfect for us. We weren't spending much time in the room so didn't need/want anything more. It was clean, the bed was comfortable and the bathroom was fine . We lucked out with a room that faced Michigan Avenue.We (especially I) enjoyed the boutique feel of the hotel. It reminded me of European boutique hotels we've stayed in during other vacations. We loved the fact that the hotel was right downtown with easy access to everything. Staff were courteous and helpful.We would stay here again and I've already recommended the hotel to my friends.	
Aug 18 2008 	Expect Little and You'll be Satified	We are a family of three (adults with a &quot;tween&quot;) and have stayed at two other hotels on the Mag Mile during previous Chicago trips. This, by far, was our least liked hotel. First the good stuff: superb access to the Mag Mile, tons of shopping, easy access to CTA bus routes, nearby restaurants and access to tourist attractions. And it was clean.Dislikes: 1) Very difficult check in...we had to make our way through a huge crowd in the lobby only to have to lug stuff to the second floor.2) Bank of FIVE elevators and only ONE working. And the six foot by five foot (no kidding!) elevator only accommodates five people with luggage.3) Garbage left in the hallway for two days.4) Concierge who told us he didn't have what we were looking for -- ask at the front desk. This AFTER the front desk referred us to the non-helpful concierge.5) Tiny room...we called ahead and told them we were a family of three. The king room was recommended. Our mouths dropped open when we saw how tiny it was. Hardly any room to walk around the bed when we placed our baggage on the side of the room.I wouldn't recommend this to anyone who has a wheelchair -- I have no idea how you'd move around in the five foot wide hallways.And, unless you can afford a suite, I wouldn't recommend this to families at all. You just do not have the space to relax. You are right on top of each other after a day of walking around the city and navigating the population out on one of Chicago's biggest avenues.Oh, and PS...we knew they didn't have a pool BUT they said they recommended a daily pass at the nearby health club. Um...that health club was closed and has been for months. :( Thank goodness we could walk to the Oak Street beach.	
Aug 13 2008 	Adquete for the trip	This is an older hotel situated near the north end of the Magnificent mile. The rooms have been updated but don't expect a huge room by any means. The hotel itself is nice enough. If you're coming or going during what I call 'prime' times you will experience a long delay at the elevators. Note: Only one elevator is qualified as handicap ready. For business travelers I was only able to fine one free socket at the desk provided. There were additional plugs near the closet, but what was really missing is additional plugs near the desk. The free WiFi in the hotel (only in the meeting rooms and lobby) was painfully slow. The $10/day charge for in the room wired was reasonable. One more item of note. Parking per day with in/out rights were $51. Unless you had a really specific need I highly suggest that you take a cab to the hotel and make use of the public transport in the area.The staff is present, but I wouldn't say overly helpful. Even with a 3 PM check in time I had to wait an additional 30 mins for a room, and that's only because I asked them about it. This is what in my opinion stopped it from being a 4 star hotel.	
Aug 11 2008 	Great experience at the Allerton	We had a very pleasant stay at the Allerton from Aug 4-10. We are a family of four, with two young children, so we did book a specialty suite (Room 801). The size was adequate and a very good setup for us, with the separate bedroom. In addition, all of our special requests – mini fridge added to room, a tub in bathroom and a pullout couch – were all fulfilled! We were told when we checked in there were no fridges currently available but we weren’t in the room 15 minutes and housekeeping brought one in. We were on the eighth floor overlooking the Mag Mile, we had seven windows in our room including the one in the bathroom, which we liked a lot. The bathroom was very large and there was adequate storage space for clothes in the closet and drawers in the room. The staff were all very attentive and friendly, especially the doorman who said hi to us every time he saw us. Check in and out was a breeze, and it didn’t take long at all for them to get our car out of the valet when we were leaving the last day. Yes, the elevators were a bit funky and a couple of times we missed one that is a bit separate from the others and had a good laugh when we couldn’t catch the door before it closed, but the wait wasn’t all that bad except for maybe peak times of day (around 5ish when everyone in the hotel tended to be heading out). Actually since we were on the 8th floor a couple of times when I left the room by myself I simply walked down the stairs instead. I attended a conference while at the Allerton and found the food to be very good – although we never did get room service. We would return to the Allerton, we got a great rate on the suite booking directly thru the hotel. A couple of times when we were out and coming back to the room at 2ish housekeeping had not been to the room yet, but I understand the hotel was quite full when we stayed and know that rooms for new guests checking in that day need to get priority.	
Aug 10 2008 	great location small clean room	my husband and I stayed here for an overnight trip to do some shopping. This hotel is located right on the Mile. We took a chance on one of the petite rooms for a great price and were not disappointed. It was small but it was clean and appeared to be updated. We would definitely stay here again if we had another opportunity for a great rate.	
Aug 9 2008 	Did not experience any problems	What everyone needs to realize is that the Allerton Hotel is an old hotel in a very large downtown area. The rooms will not be large unless you get a suite. It will not be like a hotel in the suburbs. The hotel has made improvements which are very nice. There is cold lemonade in the afternoon and hot coffee in the morning on the 2nd floor. The beds are very comfortable and the linens are nice. The bathroom is larger than other hotels I have stayed in where the door hits your knees. I did not find the elevators that slow but they are very small. There is a nice place called the Corner Bakery a block to the east and south of the hotel that works well for b-fast since the fast food places at the inside malls don't open until 10am. My only problem with the hotel is the restaurant is very, very expensive for breakfast and if I visit again I would stay in an area more to the south end of michigan ave where there are more choices in cheaper eats.	
Aug 6 2008 	My new favorite Chicago Hotel	I'm writing this review from the hotel. I'm here for a conference that is taking place at the Allerton and a block of rooms were set aside. I stayed here 9 years ago or so and it was very old and needed to be updated. When I saw that the conference would be here my first thought was &quot;are they kidding?&quot; but I checked out the Allerton website and saw that the entire place had been completely redesigned. I still wasn't 100% sure but they had pictures of the outside as well so I thought I'd give it a try. I'm really glad I did. The hotel has a boutique hotel feel without the snotty attitude that one finds at other hotels in the genre. It is very clean, all new lobby, bar, restaurant and rooms. The rooms are still small (as they were before) - which is fine with me - but the beds are comfortable and the bath roomy. All of the staff - and I really mean ALL - is very friendly and helpful. They have gone out of their way to make sure I am comfortable, have heated milk for my coffee and helped with reservations. The food is great too!Highly recommend it!	
Aug 6 2008 	Great Place!!!	We found a great deal but when we read the reviews we were a little apprehensive about staying here. I'm so glad we decided to stick with it because everything exceeded our expectations.The location is beyond perfect!! The staff is very helpful.We read about the small rooms so we decided to get a king suite on the top floor and it was amazing!!! (photos included). We requested a fridge and they brought one up as soon as one was available. I just loved it here!!! I can't wait to go back and try to get the same room.Note: I tried to add more than 3 photos and it won't let me...if you want to see more of the room let me know!	
Jul 29 2008 	If only we'd asked to see the room first!	We had planned a 3 night stay: requested a king size bed, on as high a floor as possible &amp; near my sister &amp; brother in law who were traveling with us. When we arrived, the bellman was very helpful, directed us to the elevator that would take us to the reservation desk. Once there we were told our room wasn't ready but my sisters was. When we checked back a few hours later it still wasn't ready, then it was, but not on the same floor as my sister, not even close! Avoid room 1011 at all cost, a queen bed you can hardly walk around. At night I couln't get past my husbands feet without hitting the radiator at the foot of the bed. Who ever laid out this room in the redesign should have measured the room better. When requesting things like a remote control for the TV, a clock for the room or extra towels, it appeared to be an inconvience for some of the staff, why should I have had to request these things? Will try not to stay there again, at least not in room 1011. Would be nice for 1 person. The bathroom was large but had a moldy smell.	
Jul 29 2008	very pleasant and accommodating staff	We were staying with a Collette tour group (great tour with Barbara and Fred) so we did not have to check in or check out. We did find the room small. but the beds were very comfortable.In the bathroom, there is only one very small shelf and no counter space. For two women traveling together, this was an inconvenience. The location was great. We LOVED Millennium Park. A must see is &quot;the bean&quot; and Crown Fountain, which changes colors and pictures--very beautiful. A local tour guide mentioned that the park has the best sound system in the world for their concerts and they were right. We stayed for a Gershwin concert and we were amazed. Also, the Wendella boat trip which included the river and lake was great. We found Chicago very beautiful with hardly any litter. The people of Chicago were also very helpful to tourists. We asked a gentlemen for directions and noticed a few minutes later that he borrowed a bicycle to catch up with us to redefine his directions--amazing. The folks at the hotel were also very helpful. Thanks to Jon (doorman) for recommendating Park Grille at the Park and for Tyrone and the front desk staff for good service, and the folks in the dining room which ran a first-class operation. We only had the buffet breakfast, but it was superb and managed very well. We also ate at Gino's East, which we enjoyed for Chicago Pizza. Be ready to wait for about an hour for their deep dish pizza. Ask the concierge for a coupon for free bread sticks there, which were very good and filled the void until the pizza came. The elevators were never a concern for us, but be careful not to get on the service elevator. We had a good experience at this hotel and truly loved Chicago.	
Jul 28 2008 	Ignore the Whiners	My husband booked us here for the weekend but when I got on line and read some of the reviews I was a little apprehensive. No need; ignore the whiners. The room was not large but not tiny either. Nice decor. Clean. Great location. Nice linens and bath products. Great view. Staff was very helpful. And the price for this place is the best part. What's not to love? With a Corner Bakery and Starbucks steps away and ice bucket in the room, there's no need for a coffeemaker or fridge. If these are important items for you stay at a chain like the Hyatt or Hilton and leave more interesting places to people like me.	
Jul 21 2008 	Just right for the weekend.	We would recommend the Allerton for Magnificent Mile explorers. It has a convienient location for walkers on Mich. Ave. to Millenium Park, with very good prices. Clean, tidy, small. Not a Suite, but an original style hotel room. No refrig. No coffee maker. No problem on Mich. Ave. , ...for the weekend.	
Jul 13 2008 	No air in the room in Mid-July	At first we ask for two beds or king, they said they didn't have any, we went up to the room and the key didn;t work. Down the elevator which are the slowest. The said we could have a king for $30.00 upgrade we agreeded and went to the room.It was a little hot in the room and we turned down the control and went out. We came back and the room was still hot. We call and they sent maintenance he worked on for any hour, and said it would be cooler, it didn;t we had to call again in total they four times and never fixed it. They needed a part they didn't have, over 400 rooms and they don't have the part that controls air temp. We were there 3 days and they would take off the $30.00 up charge for the room per day. Since I booked through Hotwire they couldn't take rooms charges off. My advice don't pick this place	
Jul 10 2008 	A very quaint hotel	This hotel was a very pleasant surprise. It is very much in the tradition of a fine &quot;old&quot; hotel. The rooms are very well appointed albiet small, but the bed is very comfortable and the room, bathroom &amp; ammenities very top notch. The elevators which have been a topic of conversation in previous reviews are adequate for the traffic. Of course during peak times you have to wait....but it's just a little inconvenience in my humble opinion and not a major catastrophy. The one issue I have is that they do charge $10 per day for &quot;in room&quot; internet access but I will be quick to point out that there is free WIFI in the reception area... just a little tacky for my taste.Best of all, the price is MUCH better than comparable hotels in the same area!	
Jul 8 2008 	Best location.	We've always wanted to visit Chicago and booked a 4 night stay through Travelocity. On your site, I had read reviews on this hotel and decided to try it out. We stayed in a Junior Suite , which was very spacious and comfortible. The entire staff was very helpful in providing us with good advise on transportation around town. I would definitely stay here again.If you are sensitive to mosquitoes, do not open the window. We wanted some fresh air and found that mosquitoes abound at this time of the year. I mentioned this to the staff and they immediately sent housekeeping to spray the window area.The Allerton is perfectly situated on the Mircle Mile and close to the El train, buses, and cabs. It's quite easy to take the Blue Line train from O'Hara airport to Clark and catch a cab to the hotel. We also bought a 3 day transit pass and explored the city easily.	
Jul 6 2008 	Just Wonderful	What a great hotel. The location is perfect for easy access to the magnificent mile, Navy Pier, the river walk, Lincoln Park, etc. is seemed like we were only a few minutes from everything we wanted or needed. Renovations appear to be almost completely finished, except no mini-bars installed yet. Room was very clean, bed was nice, large bathroom (King size room). Although the elevators are small, there are 6 of them… it wasn’t ever more than a 2-3 minute wait tops. Valet parking was perfect. About $51 a day with in-out and it rolls over at 6 p.m. Front desk was friendly and helpful, as was everyone else I talked to who worked at the place. I also notice that it is hotel that the airlines use to put up their crews for the long layovers. It was very quite, although quite packed on July 4th. I’d definitely stay there again if I the opportunity arises.	
Jul 6 2008 	Great price for a perfect location.	I booked our 2 night stay at the Allerton through their website and got a king bed room for $130/night. I would suggest flying there if possible because parking is $51/day. (most of the downtown Chicago hotels have crazy parking fees)1. great location - right in front of Crate and Barrel on Michigan Ave. Seriously, for the price you can't beat the location.2. Water pressure - not so good, but it is an older hotel.3. Decor was very nice and the hotel was very clean.4. Yes, folks the elevators are slow and hit or miss.5. New fitness center with new equipment on the 25th floor that has a view of the city. 6. Easy check in and check out - we were able to check in at 9am because our flight was early and we requested it.7. The biggest downfall of this hotel is the fact that you can hear EVERYTHING that is going on in the hallways or your neighbors room. Some dumb guy was talking on his cell phone in the hallway at 3am and I had to open my door and tell him to shut up because I heard every word he was saying. That was the most frustrating part of all.8. Hotel restaurant is very expensive and not worth the price. Check out BICE an italian place right down the street that was fantastic and reasonably priced.Overall - I would certainly stay here again but for only a few days. There is a Walgreens about 2 blocks away if you are worried about snacks or pop.	
Jul 5 2008 	Nice Location but EVERYTHING else SUCKS!!!	The good news:The Location is the ONLY saving grace for this hotel. It is located in the magnifiient mile area, which is awesome.Now for the BAD news:Just about EVERYTHING else in this hotel SUCKS. The rooms are BOXY as hell. It is THE smallest room I have ever lived in. The bathrooms &amp; elevators have TINY as heck entrances. Room service/maintenance is EXTREMELY slow to actually respond. We were not even given all the amenities that were mentioned in the brochure. There was supposed to be a safe but there was none in the actual room that was given to us. When we complained, they refused to even look into it and, ofcourse we didnt have time to keep following up with them, I mean we were there to see and enjoy the city, not keep following up and fighting with the management. Heck even Internet access is not free. They dont put new soaps and shampoos unless you have to ask both the front desk AND the room service staff themselves to actually do so.An yeah. FORGET about getting any kind of view even though you are in the best location. The room we had, HAD NO VIEW (unless you consider viewing some dumpsters down below as a view).Oh before I forget. The water in the shower ran out WHILE I WAS IN THE SHOWER. NEVER seen THAT happen before even in 2 and 3 star hotels.Bottom line: Very nice location, but I would NOT recommend this place.	
Jul 1 2008 	Fantastic	Just returned from 7 day stay = FANTASTIC (for a frame of reference-I'm particular about, well, everything). Stayed 14th flr in King Jr. Suite (350 sq ft.). Separate bedrm &amp; sitting rm, TVs in both, sofa in sitting rm is sofa bed, plenty of closet/drawer space, decent size bathrm, lg shower, lg desk w/ comfortable chair. Good space for a couple (were comfortable, spent 1 whole very rainy day in rm relaxing). Excellent location, very courteous staff, nice view from windows (think true for majority of building), good water pressure, unlimited hot water, good sound proofing (not once did hear others in adjacent rms), carpet/linens/decorating all fresh &amp; seem recently updated, clean all around hotel, in-rm housekeeping great, located on top flr is adequate gym w/ good equipment (check out view). Our only problem = in-rm safe was not attached to anything, could walk away w/ whole thing. Regarding elevator complaints made by others - we only found them slow during check in/out times. Would prefer in-rm mini-frig, but knew when booked there wasn't one. Price - could spend less or more in area, you'll get what you pay for. Best meal of whole trip - BIJAN cafe a few blocks away - weekend brunch has French toast that we'd travel from FL to IL again for!	
Jun 30 2008 	An OK stay	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Allerton in May 2008 upon recommendations from his family. We found that the Allerton suited our basic needs for a reasonably-priced, safe, clean and centrally-located hotel. I can see, though, why other reviewers have been disappointed, especially if they paid for and expected an above-average stay.Our positives: We could not have asked for a better location. The hotel is amongst various luxury boutiques along Michigan Avenue and is a few blocks away from the Hancock Observatory. We also found it quite easy to access the Loop as the hotel is within walking distance to two El Train stops along the red line. We appreciated that the hotel was quiet in the evenings, even with the bustle of Michigan Avenue outside our window. Our room was clean, and the staff was courteous.Our negatives: We heeded earlier warnings about the small rooms and so booked a &quot;standard&quot; room rather than the &quot;petite.&quot; Unfortunately, we still found our room to be unbelievably small; it was almost comical. Like other reviewers, also were a bit confused by the various sets of elevators in the hotel, and on one occasion, we waited nearly 10 mins for a lift to arrive on our floor to take us down to the lobby. Finally, on our last day, we received several reminders to check-out, including a knock at the door at 8 a.m. by someone delivering a bill for our stay.Again, my boyfriend and I had very basic expectations in a hotel, and thus were willing to overlook the negatives of our stay because of the Allerton's great location and price (we paid about $128/night). I would not recommend this hotel, however, if you are looking for a romantic getaway, or a luxurious boutique.	
Jun 22 2008 	Fabulous Location at a Great Price	After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, I was a bit skeptical about this property. However the rate I obtained on Hotwire ($139/nt) was too good to pass up. Don't know where all the negative comments were coming from. I had no issues whatsoever with the elevator. It was always quick to arrive. Yes, the room was small, but I was expecting that. For one person it was perfect. It was renovated and tastefully decorated. The marble bathroom had a nice sized shower with great water pressure and amenities from La Occitane. The location can't be beat and my room overlooked Michigan Ave. I don't know if there is a better buy on the Magnificent Mile.	
Jun 22 2008 	Eh ... not that good	No vending machines, limited hours for the restaurant and room service. Go to the grocery store before heading up to your room because if you get hungry in the middle of the night, you won't get any help in the hotel.	
Jun 12 2008 	Ok for a short stay	I booked my room through the hotel website and received the &quot;special web rate&quot;, which was 15% off. It was a better rate than I could find on any other hotel website. The location is excellent and in a GREAT part of town. I was there only one night, and literally only in the room awake for 1 hour. The room was TINY!! I do not know how more than one person can stay in the &quot;petite suite&quot;. I guess that's why they call it petite. The elevators were a little slow, but nothing to really complain about. Check in was a breeze and the concierge had great suggestions for dinner. I, as a single woman, walked from the Chicago street Red line train stop back to the hotel at 11:00 PM and felt completely safe. There were still hundreds of people on the street. In all, this is a good place to stay as long as you don't plan on staying in the room too long. It's just too small. The bathroom was also tiny. Everything was clean, though and the bed was really comfortable. For the price, it was worth it compared to the prices of the other hotels on or near the Magnificent Mile.	
Jun 2 2008 	Mixed feelings	I was very afraid to stay here, based on the reviews I had read. But I have to say the experience was overall good. I think that the owners of the hotel know that because of it's very good location, people will overlook it's shortcomings, and some of these are serious. For starters, the front desk employees need to get rid of their attitude. I supose they are tired of receiving so many complaints, and having little o no power to fix things. Also, the dinning room is depressing, I am surprised the decorator thought of it as inviting. No wonders it was always empty!!!!!The elevators, at first you find them funny, but after a couple of rides, the story is different.Now, the good stuff. LOCATION!!!There is no much to add to that. The entrance being just a few feet from Michigan Avenue, it is the perfect place to start a shopping spree!. And with the money you save staying here (coz the prices are low!!) you can extend your stay. The beds are comfy!! and yes, the rooms are very (VERY) small, but, if you are in a wonderful city like Chicago, why would you want to spend long hours in the hotel?Soaps from L'Occitane.. that is nice, and after a long visit to the Chicago Art Instiitute, you would certainly appreciate a bath or long shower.	
May 23 2008 	SOOO Small and Dark	The hotel was undergoing major construction and they neglected to mention that when I called for my reservation. They also neglected to mention that only one elevator was working and that my room was about a big as my 12 year old's closet.They didn't tell me there was no coffeemaker in the room or Minimal shelf space in the bathroom and barely enough space to turn around...I'm NOT exaggerating at all. The shade was broken. The full size bed was a a stretched twin at best.They forgot to &quot;remind&quot; me that there was no business center as advertised. No fax, no computer, no hotspot...no NOTHING. There was SOME good...The front desk clerk was nice enough to print my boarding pass so I could get the h*ll outta there. Also, the TV flat screen was nice and it is sooo close to the mile and very convienent to walk away and forget what a horrible room you have.	
May 20 2008 	Pleasantly surprised	I stayed for two nights on business. I was worried after reading the reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised. The room was not big, but perfect for one person or a for couple for a short stay. It was recently remodelled: I liked the style and the bed was very comfortable. The position is great, right in the middle of the Miracle Mile. The building's architecture is beautiful.The only issue I had were the elevators: sometimes there was a short wait because two elevators were not available for guests.	
May 19 2008 	Hated the Allerton	My friend and I were meeting up in Chicago and asked for rooms close to each other (we booked this 5 months in advance). She got a room on one floor and I on another. My lovely room overlooked what appeared to be a prison yard. Why are there Ice machines and no ice buckets?My room card key only would work once and then I would have to call security to be let in. I was there for four days and this happened daily. We were given incorrect directions to the boat tour and the Concierge had a very aloof attitude. Small coffee service in lobby with a table so small that everyone spilled. But they had a grand piano to take up space.Place looks great on the internet but they took a beautiful old gem and tried to make it modern with paint (dark gray with a green tinge) for the dining room. Entry to hotel smelled like a sewer and when they would put the elevator out of service they couldn't even bother to put up a sign!Food sucked, I ordered granola and they put the milk on it for me!Needless to say, soggy city and waiter was annoyed we didn't opt for the buffet so his tip would go up.Oh, and the last night I was there I sat in the chair and tried to put up the window for some air and the top popped out and hit me on the head. Thanks, I needed that!I sent the hotel a response to their satisfaction survey and got back the standard blah blah blah e-mail. They could care less!	
May 17 2008 	A good experience overa	Reading some of the reviews on here, I was nervous as to what we would find when we arrived in Chicago, but I was pleasantly surprised. I knew to expect small rooms and slow elevators, both of which were there, but neither were vacation ruiners. We were booked in a room with one double bed, though the bed was at least queen size. As for the small room, it was sufficient for the little time we were actually in there. The view wasn't much at all, but again not that big of a deal. The staff, which I'd read were rude and not helpful, seemed polite and more than willing to please. The elevators are slow and a little screwy, but we never waited more than a few minutes. If we had any complaints, the noise level from the hallway and other rooms could be high at times (the walls seem awfully thin), but for the most part it seemed like other guests were respectful in that regard. We'd stay here again the next time we're in Chicago!	
May 14 2008	Great location	I loved the location right on the magnificient mile, but the roomswere too small for two people and so was the bathroom, we were in a room with a motor going at all times, we don't know what it was but it was loud and made it hard to sleep. The beds are not very comfortable either. We were with a tour group and the elevators took a long time to get to you, so we spent a lot of time waiting for elevators which during the rentavation weren't supposed to be renovated, they dated way back one of the bellman told us. One of our group broke her zipper on her suitcase and one of the bellmen went to K-Marts and got her a new one, so the service was excellent there. They are presently under going some construction so that wasalso a problems for us. It's a nice hotel totherwise and I would probably wouldn't stay there again because of the noisy room and the slow elevators.	
May 14 2008 	Unresponsive staff	I booked a two-night stay for March. Was referred to revenue manager to discuss bill discrepancies, but repeated calls were not returned.	
May 11 2008 	Worst place ever stayed	Just came back from vacation with my son. The room was horribly small, no bathtub, the rooms are tilted and we had a beautiful view of the brick wall of the next building so sunshine was not an option. Amenities listed coffemaker in room (not there), Sony CD player (not there), even the ice buckets were nonexistent because evidently &quot;they hadn't been received yet&quot; according to the hotel. The manager of the bellmen gave us directions to a restaurant that were totally incorrect and in the wrong direction. The food was less than fair; the items on the kids menu cannot always be made since even hamburger buns are not available. The cable TV channels consist of one cartoon channel for kids which is fine if the child is under the age of 4. We even had to take our own luggage down when we left, no billing was left for us under the door and on the last day the housekeeper decided to come in at 9:15 a.m. despite the privacy sign and wouldn't leave. This was the worst place we have ever stayed.	
May 10 2008	Great Location-Elevators an issue	The Hotel Allerton is a in a great location; you are within footsteps of the Magnificent Mile. If you are looking to be in the heart of the city then I would recommend this hotel. My room was tiny but I wasn't planning on spending too much time in it. Because the hotel is old the elevators are small and I believe that 3 of the elevators were broken. That meant that you had to wait 5 minutes for the elevator to arrive and when it did you had to cram into it with other guests. It almost became comical. Ask about the elevators before you book! Breakfast was pricey-$45 for frittatas and coffee but not bad. The prices are typical for hotels in this category. There are plenty of places to eat around the hotel that are more economical. I did not feel that the hotel and it's staff went out of it's way to make us comfortable or treat us like valued guests. I would not go out of my way to stay here again. p.s. the beds were very comfortable.	
May 6 2008 	Nice stay	I had a good stay here.. Rooms are small , but imaculate. I found the service polite and the location excellent... Lots of cafes and bars nearby and your within walking distance of all the main shopping. Close to the CBD and that fantastic Chicago architecture.Minor irritation was that wifi only worked well in the reception area.	
May 6 2008 	More like the 'Allergy Hotel'	My wife and I read a lot of reviews before choosing the Allerton and I have to admit we were disappointed. The room was the size of a small bedroom and the breakfast was terrible (packaged eggs). The hotel was apparently under construction as they had a makeshift check-in area on the second floor. The restaurant looked mediocre (but then again, who would eat there with all the nice restaurants in Chicago) as did the bar area. Only 7 people max could fit in the elevators at one time and one of them was broken the whole time we were there. Here's a word of caution: when flushing the toilet, make sure the lid is closed as it is an industrial toilet and it sprays all over the place.You're probably wondering about the title, &quot;More like the Allergy Hotel&quot;. On the way out the door one time, I looked up at the ceiling and noticed the filter for the AC. Through the vent I could see how dirty the filter was so I decided to take a picture of it (uploaded in the gallery section). When we showed the picture to the person at the front desk he looked at it, thought about it for a few seconds and said he would call maintenance about it.The shower head was nice and so was the view of the Magnificent Mile, but not worth the $291 we paid for one night (hotel, taxes, parking, breakfast and DSL access).	
May 1 2008 	Allerton is only OK	The Allerton is an OK hotel. My company paid for it, but if it were up to me, I would have booked somewhere else. Pros: Great location, central to great shopping, restaurants, etc. The ballrooms are very nice with great views of the city.Cons: The rooms are tiny, I mean tiny. My room was the smallest room I have ever stayed in. It was smaller than my bedroom at home. The halls are narrow and the elevators are tiny. They also take about 2-3 minutes to wait on one. The entry to the hotel has almost a basement feel. You have to take an elevator to the 2nd floor to check in. then a different set of elevators to the room. That means, when you leave from your room, you have to take 2 sets of elevators to get to the street. the bellmen were not friendly and the staff were OK at best. The food sucks too.I would not stay at the Allerton again. Since it was free, I can't complain too much, had i paid for it, I would be very upset.	
Apr 25 2008	Great location	The Allerton Hotel on Magnificent Mile is a great place to stay. It is located on Michigan &amp; Huron close to stores like e.g. Neman Marcus, Macys', Polo Palph Loren, Apple store, Cheese cake factory and Blumindale. On the attractions e.g. Navy Pier, John Hancock Center and Hershey s for the kids. There are many other sites to see just south of the hotel if you don't mind waking. About the hotel, the breakfast was pricey but the service was good. We found places a lot cheaper to eat. We were disappointed with the cleaning staff lack of details e.g. low in shower gel, which we had to ask for new refills, shower did not appear to be cleaned. At night and sometimes during the day, we were constantly approached buy peddlers asking for money and they got nasty if one ignored them.	
Apr 23 2008 	The elevators are not the only things that needs to be updated!	They appear to be throwing out the old beds, wallcoverings and desks. They should continue with the management! The official hotel website did not indicate the hotel was under construction. The rooms have been updated, but do not include irons, coffee maker, mini-bar or buckets to acquire ice. When I addressed several of my concerns, particularly around requesting ice, 3 times, the management was only interested in getting me off the phone. Trying to reach management via phone took me 30 minutes and 4 attempts. The fitness room is currently not operational, although, ask any staff member and they will tell you otherwise. I tried to dine in the restaurant, but they did not offer dinner after 9 pm. When I informed them that it was 8:50, they did take my order, but they reported being out of two types of beer and three types of entrees.I ended up going elsewhere to eat. Be prepared to come to this hotel with plenty of patience and expectations low.	
Apr 19 2008	Loved this place!	Were the elevators slow - yes. Is the construction a bit intrusive - yes. HOWEVER, the quality of staff (helpful, friendly, available) and the comfortable room far outweigh the downsides! This hotel is so close to everything it's wonderful. If you want to know where the best breakfast is - just ask Freddy the doorman! If you need to book a car, just ask Bouchaib the concierge! I stayed with my elderly father for 5 days of sightseeing in Chicago and hand on heart, everyone couldn't have been more helpful! If you want to unwind after a crazy day of shopping, have the cheese platter in the bar - fabulous!Thanks everyone.. I will absolutely stay there again!	
Apr 13 2008	Great Location	Bad Elevators. No Fridge, No Microwave. Friendly Staff inside and Out. Close to Everything. No Coffee in room. Very well kept.	
Apr 8 2008 	The wrost hotel ever!	They have five elevator shafts, and it seems only two of them are working at any given time. You are waiting for at least 5 minutes for every elevator ride. And they are small - seven adults max. After 5 minutes of wait, you often have to pass and wait for the next one because it's full.If you are on the 22nd floor like I was, expect to spend at least 10 minutes to get to the ground floor. Taking the stairs actually was faster!They have a treadmill and a bike machine in the &quot;fitness center,&quot; which is about the size of your standard room (very small), and NEITHER OF THE MACHINE works. The bike machine didn't even turn on. What was worse was the treadmill! It started working, and the belt sticks and stops abruptly. I almost hurt myself from tripping over a treadmill!&quot;Free wireless,&quot; which is only available in the lobby area, didn't work. After spending 30 minutes on the phone with an outside-vendor tech guy from India, they couldn't figure out why it wasn't working.My room smelled like somebody had smoked, and the $9.95/day DSL didn't even work. When I had my room changed, the DSL I was finally able to connect was as slow as dial-up.The worst, absolutely worst, hotel, ever! Avoid this one, folks. A $55/night Motel 6 would be much, much better than this one.	
Mar 27 2008	Nice centrally located choice on the Mag Mile	Was spending the night after a jazz concert with my girlfriend and decided to buy through hotwire. The hotel is doing some remodeling, so some aspects of getting around were awkward. The elevators from the lobby level up are very small, but this is a 1920s building!We were actually given a 2-room suite that was very tastefully decorated, with a great view. Large living area with nice furniture. Flat-panel tv in the bedroom, and a large bathroom. Of course parking is supremely expensive with the affiliated garage, but I got the room for about $100. Well worth it, and a great historic building. If you get a price in the $100-125 range, I think it's worth it.	
Mar 15 2008 	Allerton not so great!	Rooms very well decorated and we were upgraded to a suite but there was no coffeemaker, minibar, bottled water or microwave. Doorbell to our room rang every few hours all night also fan in bathroom VERY loud and could not be shut off, did not get much sleep the two nights we were there! Staff very nice and friendly which was one of the few good points.	
Mar 14 2008 	What a great bargain	I was a bit scared to book this hotel based upon some comments, but I must say, I experienced no negative aspects. I think the renovations are all done, except for the elevators (which are kind of slow). My room is excellent, and I am a hotel snob. I am a woman traveling alone, so booked a double bed room, and asked for a renovated room in the comments section on the hotel website, based upon other TripAdvisor reviews. When I checked in they gave me a room with a king bed on the 11th floor. The room is newly renovated and very clean and spacious. Bed has nice linens. Bathroom amenities are from L'Occitane...very nice. Magnefying mirror for makeup, always a plus. Clean. Not a ton of closet space or drawer space. Wi-Fi is free on the 2nd floor lobby, but $9.95 if you want it in your room. The locaion is PERFECT. 1.5 blocks from Rush Street where all the bars/restaurants are. 1 block from Saks/Neiman. I got this room for $89 (AAA rate) on their website. This is a steal. I would expect to pay double for this room in this location. The bellhop said that this hotel used to be old and stodgy. But the furnishings now are very modern and up to date. I recommend ths hotel.	
Feb 11 2008 	Great location	This is an older hotel, in a great location however. There is a lot of contstruction going on right now as they are remodeling. There is a smell of new carpet (a strong chemical smell) throughout the entire building so if you are sensitive to these smells I would advise you not to stay here for now. The beds were super-comfy. The rooms are small, but clean. I am not sure if it it because of the remodeling, but our room seemed to be missing items such as a garbage can, ice bucket, drinking glasses. We called to get these items delivered to our room, but they never arrived. I liked the idea that there was a shower only in the bathroom, even if the layout of the bathroom was a bit strange. I would stay here again, but only at the rate I got from Hotwire. It would not be worth the money otherwise.	
Feb 4 2008 	Outstanding staff good value but be sure to get a renovated room	We chose the Allerton mostly because of the location and price for a girls' weekend in the Windy City. We drove from Detroit and it was a little frustrating that the hotel policy prohibits guests from using the luggage carts to transport their own luggage, so we had to have a bellman bring our luggage to our room which of course involved shelling out cash for a tip....The staff on check in was efficeint and friendly, but upon arrival in our 6th floor Jr. Suite, we were not happy. The decor was dated and drab, almost dirty, and we were accosted by the most offensive, foul smell...like an overflowing septic tank. Even the bellman wrinkled his nose in disgust.No fear, one call to the front desk and they upgraded us at no charge to a King Suite in a newly renovated room on the 21st floor which was wonderful! Quality linens and amenities, and a spacious, separate living area with great views of the city and no bad smells.Biggest pros of this property are the location, the value and the professional, efficient staff. From the front desk to the restaraunt , to the concierge, the staff were wonderful. But be sure to insist on a renovated room. Having experienced both, my hunch is most of the poor reviews on this site were experienced in the lower floor rooms which have not been renovated yet.	
Dec 9 2007 	Disappointing	My first impressions of this hotel were not good. The hotel has long-since sold its ground floor space for retail on the Magnificent Mile, and therefore you enter the hotel via a less-than-impressive small side entrance and have to wait for an elevator to the lobby on the 3rd floor. My suitcases were taken out of the truck of the taxi and I was handed the baggage receipt stubs - at no point was I given a choice about whether or not I wanted or needed assistance!Check-in was a disaster zone. I waited in line for 15 minutes, although people were cutting in and the check-in staff served them and didn't seem to care. Several guests in front of me were having problems checking in and I soon found out why - when I checked in, they mistook me for another guest in spite of having my credit card with my name clearly printed on it. My room was, in my opinion, very small, as was the bed, and only had a shower, no bath tub. After a long flight I had been looking forward to a bath, so this was also disappointing. The decor was dated, and I would not have wanted to stay more than one night. My room faced out onto the Magnificent Mile which, be warned, is very noisy! The Christmas shoppers were making a lot of noise when I arrived, and I was woken up regularly in the night by emergency vehicle sirens. Maybe Chicago needs to impose fines for noise during the night hours as they do in Manhattan?Of course, the proximity to the Magnificent Mile is also an advantage and you are in a great location with this hotel.Overall, I found this hotel disappointing compared to other Crowne Plaza properties and would not stay there again.	
Dec 5 2007 	Pleasant Great Location Good Value	Booking the night before our 1-night stay in Chicago for holiday shopping, this hotel had by far the best rates for a decent place downtown and an excellent location right on Michigan (well, the front door is just around the corner on Huron). The mixed reviews left me wary, but thankfully my sister had stayed there a couple times and recommended it. Glad she did.We booked the &quot;petite classic&quot; room, the smallest room available. The reviews and the hotel's own info left it unclear what size bed to expect - anywhere from barely bigger than a twin to a queen. Also, some reviews said the rooms were Euro-tiny. Maybe we lucked out - both of our rooms were ample in size and had double beds (check-in clerk said they were queen, but I don't think so).The rooms had been refurbished recently with warm yellow paint and updated, modern bathrooms. Though smaller than the average hotel room, the layout is nice and the room felt cozy in addition to sufficiently roomy. It has an armoire, desk, and closet. Our 16th-floor rooms faced south with a nice view. There are no blackout shades, however. The drapes don't pull shut all the way; only sheers cover the windows entirely. I actually left my sheers open, too, to enjoy the view as I fell asleep.My 7-year-old niece bunked in the closet! It was big enough to make a pillow-bed for her, and we draped a cover over the doors to make it like a tent. She loved it. I loved having the bed to myself.Though we were right by the elevators, we didn't have any issues with noise in the least. It was totally quiet. The staff was very nice. Those on site were nicer than my reservation agent, whom I spoke to before deciding to book on hotels.com ($10 cheaper per night). Valet parking is steep - $45. I think self-park is at least a block away, and we arrived on a cold, snowy night so we forked over for valet.Didn't try the restaurant, though my sister remembers loving the breakfast buffet. For a restaurant, I recommend Rosebud on Rush, 2 short blocks away. Good affordable Italian basics in reasonable portions in a cozy brownstone builing.I would definitely stay at the Allerton again if it is the best deal - and I understand that it usually is.	
Nov 25 2007	Decor little to be desired	Stayed in a double room for my daughters' wedding. Very small . Curtains and carpeting stained. The rest of our guests stayed at the Sofitel for the same price, but what a difference. We were comped overnight parking for one night but not the second even though we were led to believe we were. Great location but the rooms really need some updating. We were on the 16th floor and had to wait at least 10 to 15 minutes for an elevator that was empty. Next time it's the Sofitel for us.	
Nov 19 2007 	Older renovated property with SUPERB staff.	We had a five day/four night stay here in conjunction with professional meetings. Mrs. Gardiner and I had Kiddo with us, so we were understandably nervous, having read the reviews posted here.Net, we were very, very pleased.First thing we did, since we’d read concerns about the size of the rooms was to pay an upgrade fee to get into a suite. We had a delightful suite on the 20th floor, with windows on three sides (room number 2001) of the suite. WOW. Really, really nice.The room was very clean; linens were Crowne Plaza style (left over from the change of flags, I guess). A rollaway bed was brought for Kiddo, and fit nicely. They had Gilchrist &amp; Soames toiletries, which was very nice.We needed a fridge for milk and apple juice for Kiddo, and one was brought up and plugged in at no charge.The Tap on Two was closed for renovations, and the bar and restaurant had been shoe-horned into the Lobby area. They’re forgiven for this… but I’ll peek back in once this is done.Yes, the elevators are tiny, but they do go all the way to the street level now.Look, the hotel is a Grande Dame. It’s old. Think Palmer House in Chicago, Tutwiler in Birmingham, Marriott East Side in NYC. If you want large rooms in Chicago, book a newer hotel or upgrade the room. Location, though, is just incredible. You know you’re on prime real estate when the street level part of the building houses Brooks Brothers. Apple’s Mich Ave store is just across the street.Service, in every interaction, was crisp and friendly. Concierge gave great direction to terrific restaurants, and even got us a “line cutter” invite that slipped us directly past the long line at Gino’s East!We were part of a set of three day meetings, and the banquet staff was equally crisp, responding to everything from minor A/V issues to extra bottles of water. The meetings went very smoothly, and I’d be happy to book here again.I think I have, though, solved all of my future hotel and travel issues… by hiring one of their people. Not sure how I do this or pay for it, but I want to hire Bennis, who works at the front desk, as my personal hotel handler. I want to have this lady travel a day ahead of me, and be working the front desk at every hotel I visit anywhere in the world. (This will require some travel on her part, I suppose.) She’s that good. Heck, she could even teach the folks at the JWMarriott Hong Kong a few things! She was absolutely superb from the moment we walked into the lobby until we left. She chatted up Kiddo, helped us with directions, had leftover pizza frozen for the trip home, patiently answered questions… wow. Bennis, if you get bored at the Allerton, let me know!Good hotel, will be better when renovations are done. Absolutely superb staff. Excellent stay.	
Nov 7 2007 	I Moved Out On Monday Morning	The rooms were very small. The bed was approximately 2 feet from the door.There was no bath tub in the room, only a shower. The carpet in the hallway was very dirty and stained. Do not sign the second document they give you when you check inn. The document states that if you check out several days early you must pay an extra $100.They charge $10 per nite for the internet.I checked in on a Sat and checked out on Monday morning, I went to the Marriott Courtyard, which was great!The elevator only holds about 4 people at a time.	
Oct 30 2007 	A little below average	The good thing about this hotel is location. It's right on Magnificent Mile (Michigan Avenue) so if you like shopping, this may be the right one. However, The Allerton Hotel did not meet my expectation at all. I booked a double junior suite and expected to get a nice, if not, a quite nice room. Turned out, the room was pretty ugly looking. The wall was painted yellow. Mind you it's not the yellow you see in the photo gallery on the hotel's website. If you really want to see how your room would look like, check out the hotel's virtual tour. It looks the closest to the real thing. The staff were ok. Though, the concierge was excellent.	
Oct 30 2007	Not a bad place at all	I recently stayed at the Hotel Allerton for a conference (10/22-10/26). It was a decent deal that I got through the conference. I had read previous reviews that were mixed regarding this hotel and was sort of skeptical. I will break down my review for you now...Hotel/Room: The hotel is old/historical looking from the outside. But it has been recently refurbished. Other reviews stated that the elevator only went to the lobby and you needed to transfer out. This has all changed. You can now ride the elevator from street level to your room. I had a room on the 19th floor. It was on the small side (had two beds) but was tastefully decorated. The TV was kind of awkward because it was perpendicular to the beds. We faced another building (but I didn't care for a view). The bathroom was nicely decorated and the shower had great water pressure. No fridge in the room but a desk in between the beds. Small closet with a safe.Location: This was one of the best features. Right on Michigan Ave. A couple blocks away from everything including: Giordano's Pizza, Water tower mall, John Hancok, and a bunch of other great shopping stores. You could walk to pretty much anything.Service: I had booked for 1 king bed but at the last minute needed two beds. The hotel stated that they were sold out and couldn't make the change. However when I got there, they were able to give me the two beds and didn't even charge me extra. The bellmen were nice enough. And I thought the front desk was great too. They were going to charge me for internet access, however I checked my wireless and found that I could pick up a signal free of charge. Never used room service. Maid service was good. No turn down though.I really had no complaints about this hotel. I got what I expected and was pleased with it. Would go back if I needed to.	
Oct 28 2007 	Extremely poor - rip off and bad management	Tiny rooms, rude service, the duty manager tried to rip me off by charging me a no show charge (even though I had been staying at theh hotel on the night in question). I had to call in other staff to verify that I had been there. The restaurant and bar are very very ordinary. The rooms are so small that once you have put your suitcase down there is NO floor space. I moved to the Radisson a couple of doors down as I had to stay one extra night and it was amazingly good value. Cost less. Huge room, huge bathroom and very pleasant.Avoid it. There are many better alternatives.	
Oct 21 2007	MUCH better options in Chicago	I was really disappointed with the Allerton for the price of the room. The room was VERY small and I could hear everything through the walls. The decor was outdated and the elevator system was a mess. Some elevators didn't go to certain floors and some weren't even working. It took me on average 5-7 minutes to get to the lobby from the 11th Floor. The final thing that really bummed me out was I ordered room service and because of the room size, there was no table or desk to eat at...and they didn't bring anything to make up for that - no tray table, nothing. So I found myself eating breakfast on the floor, which I think is pretty unacceptable for a room that costs over $300 a night. The best thing was the location, it really is smack in the middle of the shopping action, but there are so many other hotels in the area and I will definitely price out other options next time around.	
Oct 21 2007	NOT impressed. This place is a dump.	Just got back from a weekend stay at the Allerton. Let me say, the location is great, but that's the end of it. This is the WORST hotel I have stayed in for years. The place is very outdated and the rooms and elevators are too small. WAY TO SMALL. Our room was not available at 3:00 and we were told that they would contact us as soon as one was ready. I recieved no phone call. On top of that, the room was in terrible condition when we did get it. The wallpaper was old and falling off the wall and the window was lined with masking tape. What a major DUMP. Way over priced as well.Go across the street to the OMNI. I will never make this mistake again.	
Oct 19 2007 	Not Bad Not Great	My husband and I do a lot of traveling to Chicago on business, and we usually stay at The Conrad Hilton or the InterContinental, but they were both booked solid, so we tried the Allerton for the first time.We were in a Jr King Suite, so we did not have a problem with the room being small or a low ceiling, which is a good thing since my husband is 6'4&quot;. The elevators and hallways in the hotel are super tiny, and it's true that you have to change elevators to get to street level, but that didn't bother us.The room itself was quite large and comfortable, but it was definitely showing some wear. As other reviews have mentioned, the shades were missing from the windows, and the curtains were dingy and torn in some places. (I bought clothespins from a drugstore to keep the curtains shut because after reading reviews here, I didn't want to bother asking maintenance to fix them.)The staff was very courteous and friendly, especially the maid for our room. We did not have the nightmare experience that some other reviewers had, but we will probably stick to The Conrad as our first choice of hotels in Chicago.	
Oct 16 2007 	Disgusting	The good: Excellent locationThe bad:When I checked into my room, the room had two windows and no window shades or curtains. There was no way to block the light from the street or to have any privacy. The brackets were there for the blinds..they just weren't there.I contacted housekeeping and maintenance and they said they would look for some shades but it would take a long time and even then they probably didn't have any.I then went to the front desk to change rooms. The non somking room they gave me smelled like an ashtry. I went back down to the front desk to tell them about the smell and the clerk told me that it was impossible that the room smelled of smoke since it was a non smoking room. Interesting logic but not a good answer. Her solution was to have housekeeping come up and spray perfume all over the room. Again, not a good solution. So since the hotel was allegedly sold out I went back to the non smelly room with no shades.I called maintenence again and they brought the shades.Unfortunately, the shades were yellow from nicotine and again smelled unbeliveably bad. So I suffered through the night smelling my disgusting shades.Customer service in this hotel is nil and the facilties are going down hill fast.	
Oct 3 2007 	We will definitely go back....	We booked the Allerton primarily for the location - which is awesome. So much to see and do within walking distance. Not planning on staying in the room much we reserved a petite room for $169, understanding that they are terribly small. Upon checkin, I took a chance and asked for a free upgrade. The friendly and accomodating clerk complied! We were given a junior suite on the 20th floor that was wrapped back around a corner far from the elevator. It was extremely quiet and peaceful. The only unusual thing about the suite was the door opened to the sleeping area and not the sitting room. There was a spanking clean bathroom inbetween rooms with a nice sized shower and plenty of room for toiletries on the shelf over the pedestal sink. The usual amenities were available - coffee maker (1 cup), hair dryer, iron. Two thick, plush bathrobes were provided. The room spanned one of the north jutouts thus giving us a view from three sides. There were plenty of windows to let in lots of light. Lined curtains kept the rooms dark in the morning.The third floor is beautiful, with high ceilings and dark, detailed wood trim. Just the character I expect from an older hotel.We tried the breakfast buffet before departure - using the 20% discount coupon. I thought the selection was great and the food delicious. I would recommend giving it a try.If you use valet parking, be prepared for a $45/day charge on your bill. Next time we may drop our luggage off at the hotel and park in Grant Park.Elevators are small, which I think is quaint. We didn't wait more than a couple minutes for one. I'd steer clear of the service elevator. It's pretty scary!We won't hesitate to stay at the Allerton again.	
Oct 1 2007 	I stay there often on business - so-so	My company has a discounted rate with the Allerton, so I stay there once or twice a month, and I most recently stayed there late Sept 2007. Some comments:-Like other posters on this site, I agree that the hotel is a bit outdated, but I have never had an issue it not being clean. Room size is also adequate for Chicago, esp considering the fantastic location. However, bathroom setup is usually inconvenient, with little &quot;vanity&quot; or counter space.-I frequently have an issue here with &quot;smoking&quot; vs &quot;nonsmoking&quot; rooms. Seventy-five percent of the time, I check into my supposedly nonsmoking room only to find it smells of smoke. The front desk is usually apologetic, and they quickly assign me to a new (very fresh smelling) room, but it is quite annoying to have to go through those motions. It makes me wonder - why can't they assign me the nonsmoking, &quot;fresh-smelling&quot; room to begin with? -Do not bother with the restaurant/bar with all of the other great Chicago places so close...-As someone else mentioned, you have to take an elevator to the 3rd floor to check in, and then take a different elevator to your room. This becomes a pain when you want to leave the hotel, as you must take the elevator to the 3rd floor, and then switch to a different elevator to reach street level. The always friendly bellman told me last week that apparently beginning in October, 2007, you'll be able to take the elevator from your room right down to ground level, which would eliminate the elevator transfer, and save the hassle. Hopefully he's right! -The fitness room is interesting - on the top floor, which supposedly was the old &quot;Tip Top Lounge&quot;. Even though the view is interesting during a workout, I always wonder how cool the Tip Top Lounge must've been in its day?	
Oct 1 2007 	Small rooms!	The rooms in the Allerton are very small and outdated. The breakfast is not so good, some staff is friendly, but most are not. There are nicer hotels in Chicago...	
Sep 12 2007 	Positively Surprised	I enjoyed staying at the Allerton. The location is fantastic! While my room wasn't the biggest, it was definitely sufficient, clean and confortable. I would recommend the Allerton and would stay there again.	
Sep 7 2007	Great hotel at a great price	The Allerton Hotel is in the heart of the Magnificant Mile on Michigan Avenue. Because of the low rate ($159) I feared it might be only average condition, but was pleasantly surprised that it was very up to date and clean. We even got a complementary upgrade to a junior suite which was very nice. (But note that it wasn't really a suite, just a large room). The staff was very friendly and helpful, especially the bellmen. The only drawbacks: we ate breakfast in the restaurant one morning and it was so-so and expensive; and the toilet in our bathroom was sited so we hardly had room for our knees.We would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 5 2007 	Small 	Before booking this hotel, I was a little skeptical - I had read several reviews from this website and other sites. I was leaning towards booking another hotel, but a friend of mine, a native Chicagoan, convinced me to book this hotel. I should have trusted my initial instincts. After checking in, I used the &quot;micro-sized&quot; elevator to get to my room. While on the elevator, I spoke with a woman who had previously stayed at this hotel. After commenting on how small the elevator was, she warned me that I just might get a room where I would open the door and run into the bed - I laughed it off not believing her. When I opened the room door, lo and behold, the bed was right there....within three steps of the doorway. The standard room in this hotel is really small. It may be okay for one person, staying for only one night. However, I was staying there for three nights and was not happy about it. Also, there was a foul odor in the hallway on the floor of my room - I contacted the front desk and requested to be moved to a different floor. Also, the standard room does not have a small refrigerator or microwave; however, it does have a micro coffee maker, enough for one cup at a time. On a positive note the hotel is relatively clean and the staff was friendly and helpful.One highlight of this hotel is its location - right on Michigan Avenue (Magnificent Mile), with tons and tons of shopping. If you're thinking about renting a car, think twice and save money. There is plenty of public transportation (buses and taxi cabs)To sum it up: If you don't mind staying in an older hotel with small standard rooms and minimal amenities, by all means stay at the Allerton Hotel.	
Sep 4 2007 	Good location - bad hotel -- find another place to stay!!	We stayed there for a wedding and were not in the room for very long - thank goodness! The room was tiny and dirty - cobwebs on the walls and corners. The phone was broken - the message waiting light was on and blinked all night long because we couldn't acceess the message. We ended up disconnecting it from the wall. We ordered room service and left the room for a while...only to return and our food was gone! They came into our room and took the tray, water, food...everything was gone! The elevators are an absolute nightmare! They are tiny and run very slow. When we were leaving for the wedding the elevator was stuck on the floor we were on and didn't move so we ended up taking the stairs. The next morning we decided to stay for the breakfast buffet. The food was good...when it was out on the buffet table!! The hostess was not only sitting people, she was also responsible for bringing out the fresh food...which didn't work quite well. We had to wait forever to eat. The only good thing about this hotel was the location. I'm from Chicago and would not stay there again - there are so many other places!	
Aug 28 2007 	Allerton Hotel is Okay but not great	We booked the Allerton Hotel for 4 nights in August through Hotwire. The rate was comparable to the rate we received last year through Hotwire, but last year we were booked at the Drake.It would be unfair to compare the Allerton to the Drake, but after staying at the Drake for nearly the same amount, it was hard not to draw comparisons, or at least to not be slightly disappointed.The Allerton is in a great location, for any attractions on or near the Miracle Mile. That is a positive, the down side is you can hear much of the noise form Michigan Ave. We were in a room within earshot of some young street musicians playing plastic buckets and pails and it made it dissicult to nap late in the afternoon.The first room we were assigned was extremely small and the carpet was horribly stained with what looked like red wine or coffee ( I hope ) the vents for the heating and ac were covered in filthy dust and mold.The front desk changed our romm, and the new room was a bit larger, but the vents in that room were pretty dirty as well. The front desk must not have notified housekeeping of the cahnge, so we were dismayed to return to our room to after a long day in the city, to find it had not been cleaned.If you go into the Allerton knowing it is an older hotel, in need of many updates and refreshing then this hotels is very adequate for a good location, comfortable bed and good water pessure. The downside to the comfortable bed is an extremely loud ac unit that will jar you awake every time it turns on, paper thin walls that allow lot of corridor and nearby rooms to be heard.Hotwire ranks this as a 3.5 star hotel. I would not. I would put it closer to 2.5 and possibly a 3 star.I did not check out the fitness facility, nor did we eat at the hotel. With so many great places to eat within walking distance it seemed silly to spend the money the hotel prices reflected.There is free wifi but only in the lobby, you have to pay 10.00 a day to acess it in your room.	
Aug 24 2007 	Great Hotel	This is a nice hotel in a great location. I had heard that the rooms were so small as to be laughable, but our room was not small at all. The concierge was very helpful, and the hotel was clean and attractive. If you're claustrophobic, you might want to avoid the elevators. I would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 21 2007 	Fantastic stay-great location	Stayed at the Allerton while in town for a workshop. Staff was friendly and helpful. Location was great for shopping and restaurants. Although the workshop was at the Mercantile Exchange it was great to take the $6 cab ride there and not have so very much noise at night yet right in the middle of everything. The rooms were comfortable and the beds and linens were clean and comfy. The bathroom is on the smallish side so be careful getting out of the shower because you ste right into the toilet. Room was cleaned every day. I would stay there again on a personal trip and recommend it highly to anyone going in the future.	
Aug 21 2007 	Great location great concierge service	Got a pretty good rate of 190 for a conference. Hotel was old school but remodeled and nice, clean. Rooms were a bit small, but not a problem for us. Location was wonderful...close to everything and the el. Concierge was very very helpful....recommended a fine steak house for dinner and called over to secure us a table. Porters/bellhops were totally on it, called in taxis, etc. Was pleased for the price. Would stay again, but would probably not pay over 225.	
Aug 15 2007 	Enjoyed the Allerton / perfect location	My son (20 yr old) and I visited Chicago from 31Jul - 06Aug 07 and stayed at the Allerton. We had a lovely room (two double beds). We found it very clean, comfortable and quiet. The staff were efficient, and Karen (tho busy) was so helpful when booking tours (we found a little Theatre by the lake and went to see Oklahoma...excellent). We loved Chicago, a beautiful City so much to see and do, and we did as much as we could. The location of the Allerton is just perfect, 3 steps from Michigan Ave and all that wonderful shopping. Would have no hesitation in recommending the Allerton to anyone. If I had to make one negative remark, it would be that the elevator could be slow to arrive. But both my son and I had a terrific stay at this hotel, and if I was returning to Chicago, would be delighted to stay at there again. Well done Allerton!!	
Aug 13 2007 	Very comfortable hotel	We stayed at the Allerton during the first week of August and found everything about our stay enjoyable. We had a &quot;handicapped room&quot; which was spacious enough for 2 people and nicely furnished. The bed was very comfortable and the room was quiet, we had a great nights sleep. The ride in the old style elevator was nostalgic for us. The front desk clerks were friendly. The location is superb. We parked at a reasonably priced garage on St. Claire and walked 5 minutes to the hotel. I'd definitely stay there again.	
Aug 13 2007 	Free bad attitude at Allerton!	We got stuck with the Allerton on Priceline. My wife and I visit Chicago often and have stayed in more than 10 different hotels there. My experience with using Priceline is that most hotels will tend to give you the less than desirable rooms, so I called the day before my stay to book a King non-smoking room. I was told that they couldn't promise me that, but that they were not very busy and that it shouldn't be a problem. Check in is at 3:00, we got there at 5:15 and was told there were no clean rooms available unless I wanted a smoking room with a full size bed. I told them either a King or Queen would be fine but it's got to be non-smoking. The reservation clerk quickly pointed out that because I was a Priceline customer they could pretty much give me what they wanted to, but if I would come back in an hour they would have something ready. Great.... I come back in an hour and it's still another 20 minutes until they can get me a room. Finally, at 6:30 we got a non-smoking Queen.This place is old and the rooms are tiny. Although I did have a great view of the Magnificent Mile, the room was very worn with torn shades, water damage to the ceiling and cobwebs in the corners. For the money, the only thing this place has going for it is the location. I now know what it feels like to be in a cocoon.	
Aug 12 2007 	Its OK just don't overpay	Allerton is an older hotel with a great location in Chicago. It was refurbished but the rooms are small. Amenities are few - showercaps not provided. Staff is not that helpful - arrived with 4 bags in a taxi and the bellman told us where to go but did not even offer to take the bags. Lost my reservation but I got a room anyway. Lobby is on third floor, entrance on first, have to take an elevator to get in or out. Room is clean, bathroom is fine, bed is a little small. No minibar or safe in room.Basically, if you are not paying too much, its an OK hotel. I would not spend more than $150 a night for this hotel.	
Aug 11 2007 	Fabulous Location...but a little "tired"	The location was great! There is no question about it! HOWEVER, we got a bit of a deal &quot;on-line&quot; and had we paid full price, the hotel would been a disappointment. On the &quot;plus&quot; side, the staff was friendly and helpful and it was kind of cool to stay in a historic Chicago hotel. The gym also had great views and a wide variety of machines. Our room was small, which wasn't that big of a deal (since we were out touring), although the bathroom counters were not adequate in terms of space. The room smelled of some sort of cleaner and the towel allotment was bare minimum. We could see how in its day, it must have been glamourous, but its only half-way-there by today's standards. You might want to entertain other options in the area.	
Aug 5 2007 	Only thing good about this hotel is the location DON'T STAY AT THE ALLERTON	Checked in at the Allerton having requested a non-smoking room. Went to the room only to find that it was a smoking room. It took 15-20 minutes to get a non-smoking room, with discourteous staff. Stayed at this hotel for a wedding anniversary celebration with many other friends and family. That is the only reason we stayed. The windows in our room were so filthy that you could not see out of them (spider webs and dirt). Hallways outside of the room were filthy as well. I have stayed at hundreds of other hotels for business, and found this one to be the worst one at which I have ever stayed. Food at the Hotel was, at best, mediocre. When I complained about the FILTHY conditions of the Allerton Hotel, I was told that I should expect that due to the age of the hotel. A major downer in a great city.	
Jul 27 2007 	Style and Convenience	I stayed in this wonderful historic hotel whilst attending a conference there. The hotel is located very centrally, midway along the golden mile of shopping. The hotel is comfortable, the rooms a good size (for a hotel of this vintage) and the staff polite and helpful.My only gripe is that guests are expected to pay extra for wi-fi access in their rooms - surely a hotel of this standing shouldn't be doing this as the additional cost to the hotel is minimal!	
Jul 22 2007	Great Experience!!!	We had a great stay at this hotel. The staff was friendly, the bed comfy and the most important for me is that it was CLEAN!!!If I had a complaint, it was the room was a bit small. The bed was sandwiched between two walls meaning if two people were on the bed, one had to climb over the first person to get out. Overall a great stay and we loved the hotel and location!!!	
Jul 10 2007 	Not as bad as other reviews depicted	I participate in a group meeting each June in the North Michigan Avenue area of Chicago. This June we weren't able to stay at the usual hotel and were booked instead at the Allerton. I had read a number of reviews prior to my stay and was anticipating disappointment. Instead, I was pleasantly surprised at the accomodations and service from the staff. One review recommended asking for an upgrade to a suite which I attempted at check-in. I was told the upgrade would cost an extra $70 per night so I declined. The room I received at the group rate is exactly what I expected with an upgrade! It was relatively large with a sitting area and king sized bed. The only complaint I had with the accomodations is that the bathroom was very small. If I had been staying with someone else in the room I could imagine it being problematic.All-in-all I was delighted with my stay and will remember to read future reviews with &quot;a grain of salt&quot;	
Jun 18 2007 	Great Location	The hotel is in a great location, the bar staff is friendly, and the bell staff helped a lot when the airline lost our luggage. The front desk could have cared a little about the guests but all in all it was a good experience. I would stay here again.	
Jun 18 2007 	What an ordeal	We arrived at 5:25 pm on a Friday night (check-in starts at 3:00). We were informed our room (2 beds non-smoking) was not ready yet, but they offered us either a smoking room with 2 beds or a non-smoking room with a king sized bed. We asked how long it would take until it was ready and they called housekeeping. 30 minutes later we still didn't have an answer. An hour went by and the room was still not ready. We offered to go up and either check the room ourselves to see if it was done or clean it ourselves. Long story short: we got in our room 2 hours after we arrived (4.5 hours after check-in begins). We were not charged the upgrade fee for having 2 beds, and they gave us a certificate for 2 free breakfasts. Then we get to the room and it's tiny...I guess we should've taken the room with the king-sized bed, but who knew.Overall, the location is great and the hotel is beautiful, but the room we got was tiny and there seems to be a bit of a communication break-down between the front desk and housekeeping.	
Jun 15 2007 	How about a MOTH INFESTED stay in Chicago?	This hotel simply LACKS MANAGEMENT; and appears to be run by ghosts!List of complaints?*Moth infested room. My insectophobic roommate woke up with one on her pillow.*Very stingy with amenities. Bathroom supplies were not refreshed, irregular towel replacement.*Cleaning was not done properly, the moths we killed remained on the floor and on the windows!*Mouldy shower!*The entrance is wired; elevators too. And we paid, a discounted rate of 265$ per night! Be careful, if you book through Expedia, the hotel won't be able to financially compensate you for your inconvenience.	
Jun 10 2007 	Narrow but nice	This is a very nice hotel. We stayed at various (pricier) four star hotels in Chicago, and one has to admit that these Hotels offer spacier rooms (although often not that much) and some more amenities that may not be that important (such as a tiny swimming pool).The location is excellent. Rooms are clean and tastefully decorated. As noted in other reviews, they are small and the ceiling is rather low (same in halls and elevators), so if you are taller than 6.5 foot and/or weigh more than 300 lbs, you may want to go elsehere. The room service is prompt and courteous. I had a standard room and later, we moved (because my family with 2 little kids joined) into a suite, which had spectacular views from windows directed towards the West, North and East ... I am not sure if you can find something similar in any other Chicago Hotel.	
Jun 8 2007 	great experience at The Allerton	This was our first stay at the Allerton. We found the hotel to be family friendly. The staff was friendly. There was not one hotel employee that did not say hi or good morning. The doorman is especially nice and helpful. Our room was small but we were not in it very much. This is a great location for any attraction in the city. There are quite a few things in walking distance and cab rides to Zoo, Pier were about $6.00. We actually walked back from the pier in about 20 minutes. I highly recommend using the Allerton.	
May 29 2007 	great location	We stayed 4 days over Memorial Day weekend, and were so pleased with the Allerton, we can't possibly understand the negative reviews. Yes, the rooms are pretty small, but they were clean, comfortable, and well equipped. And yes, there is street noise. You are right on Michigan Avenue, where everything is literally at your doorstep. We found the staff to be extremely helpful and friendly; everyone we had direct contact with made it a point to say hello and wish us a nice day. Please note; you will have to take 2 elevators to get to your room. We laughed when we read how many people complained about that! Only thing to keep in mind is the lack of FREE internet access. You will have to pay to have it in your room, but we got a nice deal on the room so we didn't feel too bad about paying. We will definitely be returning to The Allerton.	
May 22 2007 	Nice but Lout	This hotel has a perfect location. We stayed at the hotel when they had full occupency The elevators are small but there are several of them. It only took a minute for one to come by. The rooms and bathrooms were standard hotel rooms for a big city. If you want a larger hotel room you should probably stay outside of Chicago. The staff were very courteous. You can hear sirens and beeping cars (Again, you are in Chicago.). My only complaint is the lack of wireless internet service in rooms.	
May 11 2007	I recommend the Allerton	I stayed at the Allerton for 3 days while attending a trade show. My room was above average for comfort and cleanliness, and the location was great. There was good coordination between the show organizers and the hotel staff on transportation and event schedules. I am surprised to see so many negative reviews about the staff. I found them them to be as friendly and helpful as any I have seen, particularly in a large city. Either the hotel management has read the reviews and made corrections, or perhaps some staff reported in other reviews as responding negatively to guests were merely reacting to the way the guests were treating them. In my experience, I've seen more surly hotel guests than staff.The complaints about the elevators are legit. They are inadequate for a hotel of this size, with the situation made worse by the fact the the main elevators do not go to street level. Still, I'd recommend this hotel to anyone.	
May 10 2007 	Nice Hotel but Noisy	My wife and I stayed here the last weekend in April 2007 with two other couples. We booked three rooms via Hotwire and for the same rate, we each got different bed size rooms. Since we were the last couple to arrive we got the room with the Full-size bed. I'm glad we did since the rooms are tiny. The couple that got a room with a King had to crawl over each other just to get out of bed. The only major complaint we have is the street noise. Being across the street to the Northwestern Hospital we constantly heard ambulance sirens throughout the night. Our room overlooked Michigan Ave so we also heard a lot of cars honking their horn. Another minor complaint is there is no public access to your car (if you drove). They only have valet parking, so unless you plan on using your car often, I recommend making sure you have EVERYTHING you need. The two things that stood out as positives are the location and the staff. Unlike some other reviews, we found the staff to be very nice and friendly. The valet/bellhop even went to our car to retrieve an item and delivered it to our room.Overall we were happy with the hotel, for the price we paid. Had we paid their advertised rates, I probably would have rated this hotel lower.	
May 5 2007 	Don't believe the negative reviews - Loved the Allerton	I just returned from a 2 day business trip to Chicago. I was a little hesitant to book at the Allerton based on some of the negative reviews I had read. Anyhow - got a great rate on Hotels.com and went ahead.The Allerton exceeded my expectations in every sense. The hotel is charming, my room was updated and clean and the staff was friendly and helpful. I can't recommend this hotel enough. The only, and I repeat only negative of the whole stay were the small elevators. Best of all the Allerton is right on Michigan Ave in the heart of the Miracle Mile. One block from Rush St. and all the great restaurants. Two blocks from Lake Shore Dr. and Lake Michigan. You simply can't beat the location.It's funny to read the negative reviews after staying at the Allerton. I guess some people will nitpick anything. If you're on business, or traveling with your significant other - this is a great spot to stay.	
May 5 2007 	Not Bad Not Great	The good: We paid a bit more and stayed in a room with a king size bed, thus room size was adequate. However, if you don't pay a bit more, from reading precious posts, the room size may suffer.The location was very central on the mile. Probably it's best feature. If wasn't for the location, probably would rate it a star lower.The not so good:Front desk staff and doorman were not customer service oreinted for this level of hotel (re: Allerton is not charging Best Western rates...). Seemed very odd that the doormen just stare at everyone and only offer a salutation AFTER the guest(s) offer one.Rooms have beeb refurbished over the years, yet redeem tired signs. Although our room was on a high floor, the view was diminished by very dirty windows. They could invest in some badly needed window cleaning.Elevators can be cramped and you will be intimate with other guests whether by choice or not due to everyone squishing into the hot elevators. Really a matter of preference here though--if in a hurry, you will be inconvenienced. Otherwise, you might just find them interesting from a historic standpoint. Since, I was not here on business, I personally did not find them an inconvenience or interesting...Overall: The Allerton offers no frills and subpar service, however it's central location, really it sole redeeming quality, saves it.	
May 3 2007 	Great Stay at the Allerton	The stay at the Allerton hotel was great. It's right in the heart of the Magnificent Mile so shopping and visiting museums is within walking distance. The hotel itself is wonderful and if you have AAA they are running a special deal to celebrate their anniversary. I will stay at the Allerton whenever I visit Chicago.	
Apr 30 2007 	Some things to watch for...	First and foremost, if you want to stay right in the heart of downtown, this is your place! Also, its one of those great, grand old red-brick buildings which I find beautiful - yet the inside was clean and modern looking so it made for a very enjoyable experience. I don't like when people complain of the room size because I thought it was a pretty good-sized room compared to some hotels in big cities like New York, Boston, etc - now THOSE are small rooms! And the cleanliness and cuteness of the rooms make up for it - the bed was very comfortable and the cleaning staff should be commended also for their customer service. There were a few times that a cleaning woman held an elevator for us. However, they are the only staff that seems to care at all for customer service as the rest of the staff leaves something to be desired for. Everytime I called the hotel for help, I was directed to a voicemail system. I believe that a concierge should always be available - especially considering I was checking which subway stop to get off of and I was on the subway at the time so I really needed help quickly! Plus I had to call on a question when I got home and the accounting dept and operators were all pretty rude to me. Otherwise, I think this is a great hotel to stay at - they might do better if they have a staff overhaul &amp; get some powerful customer service reps in there. As for the elevators, yes, they're a bit small, and a little slow but really nothing THAT horrible - you just get the next elevator if its got a few people in it already and I don't recall waiting for much longer than 5 minutes at the most for any of the elevators. And I think its charming to go up 3 floors, then need a 2nd elevator - its different!	
Apr 27 2007	Location could not be better!	I stayed at the Allerton for a conference in mid-April. The conference was actually held at the hotel; so I experienced the continental breakfast and lunch; both were just splendid. The conference facilities on the 23rd floor were actually pretty cool; baroque/ornate rooms with fantastic views of the city.The location on the cusp of Streeterville / Gold Coast simply cannot be beat! Easy walking distance from the best shopping the city has to offer. There is also an Apple store across the street- remember that if you don't have your laptop and you need to use the internet, it's FREE!Checking in, I was given a complimentary upgrade to a suite, and because I was there alone, it was plenty of room for just me! Quite luxurious-- living room and bedroom both had TVs, and since getting to Chicago during a freak spring cold spell had been quite difficult, the free upgrade was very much appreciated! The waitstaff for the conference was lovely, the concierge(s) were always very helpful, even the room service staff went above and beyond. My only complaints were that the bathroom light/fan made a horrific, loud buzzing noise, and upon check in and check out, I found the service counter attendants to be unattentive and almost bored. Ooooh, and the restaurant/bar are scary. The bartender was unattentive and rude (w/no customers in the bar) and they still allow smoking. Blech.If I had the guaranteed of a suite, I would stay at the Allerton every time I was in Chicago!	
Apr 24 2007 	Small Potatoes	We paid quite a bit of money for this hotel. I have to say the reviews were right on and had we known what hotel we would get we may have just paid regular price to stay someplace else. The hotel itself was clean and the staff was nice but the rooms were tinier than my closet. We had a full size bed and that is about all that was in the room. We had to rearrange the desk and other tables so we could move around. There was no chair or place to sit and the bathroom was tiny as well. Plus, you had to enter on the ground floor, go up to 3 and catch a second elavator to your room floors. The elavators were really slow and once we waited 20 minutes to get up. We also waited 1 hour for our bags to get to our room from the bell hop. Overall, I wouldn't stay here again.	
Apr 20 2007 	very disappointing	We stayed here with a decent rate of 102/night via Hotwire. Unfortunatly the experience left a lot to be desired- even at that price. The woman who checked us in was very rude and gave us a full size bed accross from the elevator. When we requested a change the woman went from rude to horrible. The poor bellman was caught in the middle and even suggested we try to change the following night when a different person would be a the front desk. We indeed ended up switching the following day but again the front desk service was not consistent. One gentleman- rude- and the other accomadating. We also found their elevator system to be insufficient for the number of guests and found ourselves having to always wait for an elevator more than your typical wait. We enjoyed a simlar rate at the Ambassador East on a previous trip and would definitly recommend this over the Allerton.	
Apr 14 2007 	Horrible experience - will never again stay here	I stayed at the Allerton for 3 nights for a conference and had the worst experience I have ever had at a hotel. They put me on a smoking floor despite my confirmation listing a nonsmoking room. There was no shade on my window - I reported this immediately, and every day I stayed there, and yet nothing was done to cover the shade. They offered me a breakfast voucher for this and said it would be delivered to my room; however, it never showed up and I had to go to the front desk to get it. Finally, the front desk staff were extrememly rude and incompetent throughout my stay. I waited in line at one point at the front desk, and all the other guests in line were complaining about their experiences as well.	
Apr 11 2007 	I Loved this Hotel!!!!	I have to say that for a Boutique style hotel this property was awesome!!! It was centrally located, great staff, very friendly and excellent service.It's right off Michigan Avenue so i don't think you can get better than this, it is a beautiful property and we got a great rate. The rooms were big, bathroom was real nice looking and spotless clean and the bed was super comfortable.I enjoyed everyday of my stay and would definitely go back and recommend this hotel to anyone that is visiting Chicago!!!	
Mar 30 2007 	old world charm	This is definitely a hotel with a more European feel. It is older with small rooms and bathrooms. We got a great rate on this hotel through Hotwire, and were able to upgrade to a larger room. Our family simply loved this hotel. My daughters thought it reminded them of the Disney movie &quot;Tower of Terror&quot;, but in a good old fashioned way. You simply cannot beat the location and we found the staff to be friendly and gracious. The lobby and elevators can get crowded. But everyone we encountered took this in stride. This hotel is also featured in Priceline so great deals are out there and worth it!!	
Mar 20 2007 	Irritating or Charming? We Loved the Allerton	OK- right up front- the rooms are VERY small. If you are the kind of traveler who demands opulence and huge ornate lobbies and rooms- you won't like it here. Second- the &quot;lobby&quot; on the hotel is on the 3rd floor, and you must take 1 elevator to the 3rd floor and get off to get on another to go up to your room. This is a remnant of how hotels worked 1/2 a century a go. Some might find this irritating- my wife and I found it added to the charm. Whenever I reserve a room in an OLD hotel, I worry if it will feel old- musty- in need of refurbishment. Not here. The rooms and all comon areas have been refurbished and we found them charming. The staff was just great- great service with a smile and without an attitude. The location is simply the best in Chicago- right on the Mag MIle sandwiched between the Water Tower on one side and the Apple Store on the other.The only negatives we found were (1) no small fridge in the room, so left overs went to waste; (2) $10 internet charge per day (but this is almost standard in nicer hotels); (3) parking is expensive- $30/ night (again it is everywhere around this neighborhood); and (4) the hotel is close to Northwestern University Hospital ER, so occasional ambulances during the early AM (this could be a plus for some if your health is so-so). If 5 star to you means everything opulent- the best- regardless of price- go across the street to the Peninsula or Park Hyatt and spend an extra $250/night. But if your definition of 5-Star includes value for the dollar (and you can see small rooms and funky elevators as charming vestigial remnants of an earlier era rather then irritating) then the Allerton is hard to beat! My wife said &quot;Why would we stay anywhere else? This is it!&quot;	
Mar 19 2007 	Nice hotel great location good price	Stayed at the Allerton this past weekend. Received a notice from Travelzoo about a good weekend deal that turned out to be $108 per night. Turned out to be perfect. At $108 per night, our expections weren't very high. Yes, the rooms are small and it's an older hotel but I found it to be clean and the staff to be friendly. The hotel is in a great location for access to Chicago's tourist spots. We were able to walk to Millenium Park, the Hancock Center, Navy Pier, the St. Pat's parade and the numerous restuarants and clubs in the area. We didn't shop but Michigan Ave appears to have everything covered there from Tiffany's to Saks to Brooks Brother, Apple, etc. A previous poster mentioned the 3rd floor lobby as a negative. We found it to be a positve. It's off the street and was a pleasant surprise. The lounge on the second floor was also very nice. Great bartender. We didn't use the restaurant. There are many, many hotels within a few blocks of the Allerton. My guess is that the rates on those are much higher. If you're looking at a short stay and are looking for a decent hotel, i'd recommend the Allerton. We took some other advice and took the Blue Line train from the airport. It was inexpensive compared to a taxi but it takes forever to get downtown. I counted 19 stops on the train. You then have to transfer to the red line for 5 more stops and then walk about 1/4 mile. Returning to the airport on Sunday was comical. The traiin became so crowded that people couldn't get on the train at stops on the way. Next time we visit Chicago, we'll take a taxi.	
Mar 19 2007 	Forget the bad reviews great experience!	The reviews made a bit nervous, I was disapoointed after booking on priceline and seeing that our bid was accepted with the Allerton. Boy was I wrong, the Allerton was in a great location and everything was wonderful from the price of our room to the staff. Our room was huge, we upgraded to suite and it was on the 22nd floor and over looked Michigan Ave! We had a huge sitting area with a couch that pulled out into a single sleeper with tons of window and TV, there was a sperate large bedroom area with two queen beds, a big TV and a ton more windows. The bathroom was huge with a big walk in shower. The staff was more then accomadating and very friendly. I will say that the elevators are small, but there are five of them. In prior reviews people said that they waited long amounts of time for the elevators, I can't say that we had this problem once and we were in and out of our room a lot. Also, there is a starbucks right acorss the street, another added bonus. I would definately stay here again.	
Mar 1 2007 	Great Location but small cramped room	The room was called a petite classic, it was more petite than classic. The check in was confusing, you have to take the elevator to the third floor, and the entrance lobby did not have a sign to this effect.The room was very clean however. The service at the restaurant was not great, on my first trip there the waitress complained to me that her boss was going to report her for some incident. When I asked for a restauraunt seat I was advised instead to try the bar, and the next day when I asked to order certain breakfast items I was told to &quot;have the buffet&quot; instead!So yes a very small clean room, in a perfect location - that much was good, but the service and hotel layout does need some work	
Jan 23 2007	Great Location!	My husband and I recently stayed at The Allerton for two nights. The location of this hotel is prime for shopping at The Magnificent Mile, and very close to public transportation. We were never more than a few blocks away for anything we needed!The hotel is a landmark, and the rooms are very small. Our standard room was below average in size, and the bed was situated only a few feet from the doorway. It was fine for us, but definitely a little cramped.Had no problems with customer service, infact all those we came in contact with were very friendly and knowledgable.	
Nov 24 2006 	unbelievably incompetent service which gets angry if you complain	I stayed there for three nights in September (Friday to Monday). The customer service experience was scary: a bunch of personnel conspiring against me to cover up a mistake and escalating the matter instead of simply apologizing. You have to remember even at a relatively upscale hotel like this, you are dealing against a group of individuals who know each other and will keep working together after you leave. They can collectively act against you by covering up and even lying for each other. Especially, you have to watch out for the team at this hotel.They made a mistake in my reservation so they told me that I have to come to registration and check out after the second day and check back in with an accompanying key change at 7 am on Sunday (because I had back-to-back meetings all day). Don't underestimate this as the Crown Inn Customer Service, hotel manager, front desk manager, receptionist, and the security did. All these people, in mixed order, told me that this should not be a problem for me and I have to shut up and not complain. First, it took a long time to explain to the morning receptionist my problem as the previous receptionist had explained to me the day before. Then, she apologized to the people behind me in the checkout line but not to me and insisted that this is not a problem. So I remarked that she should first apologize to me and complained about waiting for fifteen minutes already due to an uncalled for check-out check-in at 7 am on Sunday while I am trying to catch a meeting. When she gave up because she could not overcome the complexities of their reservation system, she called for her manager. The front desk manager arrived to solve the problem. He said that this is not a problem. When I told him he should apologize for their mistake, he accused me of throwing a pen at him -which I had put on the desk after signing my new papers – and he called for security. The security came and told me to shut up or he would call the police. Of course, I was late to my meeting. Afterwards, when we come back to our room at about midnight, it was not properly made. When I contacted the Crown Inn Corporate after the stay, they apologized briefly (better than the fellows at the hotel who did not apologize until I asked) but implied that they were OK to be rude because I raised my voice at their incompetence. They also said that the room was not properly made because of an oversight and not retaliation and asked whether I contacted the room service at that time.On the positive, Allerton is right on Michigan Avenue and in the middle of the Magnificent Mile. The rooms are small but nice very clean fairly good sound isolation for the age of the building. The elevators waits can be very long, though. However, the area is bustling with lots of nice hotels. I think it is too risky to deal with a hotel that threatens to call the police because you complained about their mistake.	
Nov 13 2006	Great Stay	As this is an old hotel, there are a number of areas that are smaller than newer hotels and that is a part of its charm. We had a suite on the 22nd floor with views on three sides of the building. Everything worked well, the waits for the elevators were short, room service was quick and good, and the facility was very clean. We will return.	
Oct 28 2006 	Okay but Small Rooms	The hotel location was excellent and the proximity to transit was very good. Staff was friendly however I really only had contact on check in. As stated in other reviews the room was tiny. Luckily I was travelling alone, otherwise it would have been too small for two people. Other than that it was adequate and clean. Housekeeping was efficient.Having to take an elevator to the lobby and having to take another to the room was odd but didn't bother me too much. The room overlooked Michigan Avenue so it was a bit noisy but that didn't bother me too much.Other than that I'd have to say that it worked for a quick weekend away but I don't think that I'd feel compelled to stay there again unless I got another great deal.	
Oct 20 2006 	Small rooms Rude Front Desk Rip off.	The hotel was in a good location, and there was one very nice and helpful employee who helped us with our bags. However, the rooms in this hotel are the size of a matchbox. We arrived early and my husband was not feeling well, but the front desk curtly told us we could not check in until after 3pm - leaving us to walk around for four hours in the cold. When we finally did check in - (when you stay at this lovely hotel you need to take two elevators up to your room - when it is busy, this takes FOREVER) We got to our room, which was tiny. It had a view that would have been great if the windows were not so small. I was in Chicago on business and needed to use my computer to check my email. The internet connection in our room did not work, so my husband called and asked for assistance and was told that someone would be up to help us. A minute later they called back and said that the connection in our room was not working and that we could come and use the free wireless connection in the Lobby. I lugged my computer down the elevator (another long wait) from the 21st floor to the 3rd floor lobby. The free wireless in the lobby did not work. I asked the person at the front desk for assistance (they were not busy - my husband and I were the only people in the lobby at the time and there were at least two employees in the lobby area) The person behind the desk told us how to do it and we did what he said, four times. We then asked again and the desk clerk told us to use the white phone to call someone to help us. The person who came to help us told us to do exactly the same thing as the person behind the desk did. They each gave us the same password and the same information to input - It never worked and no further help was offered. SO we went to their business center to at least check in and print our boarding passes. The business center charges $20 / hour ($5 / 15 minutes) for internet use and .35 / page for the printer. We used the computer to check into our flight and print our boarding passes. The clerk at the business center charged us $8.50 for 5 minutes on the computer and 4 pages we printed. (in other words, he over-charged us...should have been $6.40 at the most) We have stayed at all kinds of hotels from hostels to 5-star hotels all over the world and this is one of the worst experiences we have ever had.	
Oct 19 2006 	Probably won't stay here again	I wouldn't stay here again, the location is great and the staff were friendly but the hotel was a little run down. Our room had a very funky smell and just needed general updating. We had a problem where we were leaving for the evening and our door wouldn't lock, it took an hour to get it fixed which of course messed up our evening plans. The breakfast buffett was good! It wasn't a horrible experience but there are better places to stay for the money.	
Oct 14 2006 	Rooms like closets	When we arrived at 3pm, we were told that the room was not ready. However, if we wanted a smaller room, we could check in immediately. We decided to wait for the larger room and were told it would be ready in about 1 hour. 1 hour later, we went back but were told that it would take some more time. Half an hour later, we were given our room keys. Even after all this wait, this was a very small room. There was barely enough space in the room for the full bed. We were told by the front desk that all the rooms were small. However, looking at the floor layout (near the elevators for fire safety) as well as talking to others who were staying there, we got the smallest room on the floor. Also, they do not make up the rooms until 3-4pm every day during our stay.	
Oct 3 2006	The Allerton is Awesome	Very Nice hotel and staff in the heart of the Magnificent Mile; easy walking distance to the John Hancock Building and Contemporary Museum of Art; Rooms are smallish, but clean; we had a great stay and would book at this hotel again.	
Sep 28 2006 	Disappointed	My husband &amp; I stayed here while I was in town for a conference. The only reason I didn't leave after checking is was b/c the stay was prepaid by my office. The front desk woman, I believe Khyla, told me the room wasn't paid for &amp; didn't try to look for the notation that said otherwise. I had to call my office, &amp; the booking company to get it sorted out. Aparently the note was on the computer had she justed scrolled down instead of telling me I was wrong. The corner room was tiny! I am a small person and had to angle by the foot of the bed to get between it &amp; the radiator. The windows didn't function, neither opening nor able to shut all the way. Therefore the cold air and traffic noises from Michigan avenue were quite loud. The toilet was stuck, flushing for five minutes each time it was used. The front desk sent up the &quot;engineer&quot; and afterwards, the toilet flushed for only a minute each time. The room appeared very worn with noticeable stains on the capet, chips in the wall paint, and sadly, the curtains didn't close, which would have been nice to block out light. The one thing the hotel had going for it were the concierge, 2 extremely helpful and nice people with great advice.	
Sep 20 2006 	lovely hotel great location	We stayed here for two nights after flying in from uk, and before travelling on into america. We thought the hotel was very nice, staff were helpful and friendly. The room was very clean and quite adiquate in size. I don't know why any one should complain about this hotel as we found it to be perfect for our needs, some people are very hard to please if they did not like this place. The location is ideal for sight seeing in chicago. there is also a little bit of history with the hotel which makes it all the more appealing.	
Sep 12 2006 	Great Hotel 	I had checked out the reviews for this hotel before staying and was a bit worried. The hotel staff couldn't have been nicer from the doorman, front desk, and housekeepers. All were very nice and helpful to the many questions we had. The room had a king size bed (as requested) and was quite spacious, with a view overlooking Mich. Ave. The location is great right on Michigan Ave and within walking distance of the bus and trains. Definitely would stay again.	
Sep 8 2006	Make sure to get a good room by calling ahead	We booked this as a last minute getaway on Priceline over Labor Day, for $110/night and we were quite happy with our experience. Based on the decidedly mixed reviews we had read, we called ahead of time and were able to secure one non smoking room with a queen bed and one with a king. Yes, the rooms are not huge. But they are perfectly adequate and the beds, cleanliness, etc. were fine. We actually had a room quite close to the elevators, on the 9th floor, but were not bothered by noise. The location is fantastic. We did have to wait once about 10 minutes for the second set of elevators, but a service call to fix a plugged shower was dealt with promptly and check-in/check-out was smooth and efficient. Just be sure to call ahead so you get a good room,	
Sep 5 2006 	Just OK	First of all, I don’t like utilizing services such as HOTWIRE because you are unaware of where you will be staying until AFTER you have given your credit card information. However, this particular time I was desperate. My husband &amp; I were celebrating our wedding anniversary and wanted to do something, so we decided on a weekend stay in Chicago. Because our anniversary date was at the start of a holiday weekend (Labor Day), it was almost impossible to find a suitable hotel. So I found Crowne Plaza via HOTWIRE (who rated Crowne at 3.5 Stars) and was quote a price of $120 per night. Imagine my disappointment to see a hotel room on the Magnificent Mile to be so small.The lobby was OK, but if you are unfamiliar with Chicago, it may be sort of tricky to find the Crowne’s front door (which is actually on Huron – not Michigan Avenue). I agree with the other ratings which say the elevators are extremely small. My husband (6ft 5in) had to duck to get into the tiny car.The rooms were extremely clean. We had a partially obscured view of Michigan Avenue. Our room door (ROOM 724) literally sat 4 feet away from the elevator doors. We had dinner in the hotel’s restaurant – BIG MISTAKE!!!! The restaurant is called TAP ON TWO and it was horrible. We both ordered the Pork Chop meal which taste bitter.If need be, I would stay here again ONLY if the price was better that $120. All in all, I would say it was JUST OK. It was in the heart of the Magnificent Mile, which I guess makes you forget all its short-comings!Lee, Indiana	
Aug 22 2006 	Some Birthday Surprise!!!	I booked a suite, for my hubby and me,at The Allerton Crowne Plaza, for my birthday. When booking our suite, I had asked that a refrigerator be in the room, when we arrive. I was told they did have refrigerators and they would try to accommodate me. A few days before we were supposed to go to Chicago I had spoken to someone on the phone from this hotel, that I thought was with concierge services, asking if they did anything special for people's birthdays. I told the gentleman my birthday was our day of arrival. He told me they could do something and then asked me what our estimated time of arrival was. I told him around 10 o'clock in the morning. When we arrived at the hotel, at noon, we had to take a small elevator up to the third floor for check in. No problem. Then, we took another set of ( small and slow) elevators up to our suite. I am now extremely excited thinking everything will be perfect for my birthday! What a major disappointment to find NO REFRIGERATOR and NO BIRTHDAY SURPRISE. Also, to find out later that this guy that was supposedly with concierge services was really a bellman!When I went to talk to the guest relations manager, Brian, I pulled out my Priority Club Membership card and told him that this card apparently means nothing at this hotel. I had spoken to him about the refrigerator, as well as the birthday surprise.He tried to get me a refrigerator that day, but was unsuccessful. We finally got it on Friday evening.(we arrived on Wed.) As for the birthday surprise.. later in the evening of our day of arrival, someone brought up a little basket of fruit, which was kind of frozen, along with a bottle of merlot wine and a card wishing me a happy birthday from the staff. It was more like an afterthought. There was also a problem with staff and late check-out. I was given three different times that I could check out. Once again, I had to call down to Brian to clarify/rectify the situation. He allowed us a later time for check out. Thank you, Brian! I will probably not give this hotel a second chance. To me first impressions are extremely important. Also, when you pay a lot for a Suite, you should automatically have a fridge IN the suite. You should NEVER have to request one, much less pay to rent one! (Are you listening Crowne Plaza?) Also, staff should be taught how to handle guests. I can say a couple of nice things about this place. It was a nice touch to have a relaxation CD and a little package with lavender spray for linens, an eye mask and ear plugs. The restaurant was great. Food was wonderful and reasonably priced for a hotel restaurant. Wait staff was friendly. Also, our suite was very nice. (See pictures) Housekeeping was great! Those women work very hard and they are extremely accommodating. My thanks to them.	
Aug 2 2006 	Never Again!	Hi We just stayed here July 28 and July 29th. I will start by saying the location is great. It is in the heart of magnificent mile. As you enter the hotel at the ground level. There are 2 elevators, a couple of chairs, and a desk. The man at the desk was very unfriendly and said check in is on the 3rd floor. You than take the SMALL elevator to the third floor for check in. We had booked on Priceline. This is my second time booking on Priceline and both times in both hotels we got rooms directly across from the elevator? Is it a coincidence or punishment for booking on Priceline :)After checking in we than had to catch another elevator to our room. The elevators are among the slowest and smallest in the country. Each time we took the elevator the wait was over 15 minutes. I KNEW it was a bad sign when we entered the room and there were earplugs, a soothing music CD, and eye patches on the bed!!! Room was very small. We had breakfast there one morning. Super expensive.There are tons of hotels around. Go eles where!	
Jul 5 2006	Perfect for our needs and a great deal!	We stayed at the Allerton on 6/30/06 for a nearby wedding, just for one night, so we weren't looking for anything but a place to crash. We were pleasantly surprised with the Allerton...we booked through Priceline and for the first time tried the 'name your own price' deal. We had looked high and low on several websites and couldn't come up with a room for under $200...so we took our chances and after bidding for a room for $80, they gave us the Allerton. It was great! The staff was very nice and also helpful - we pulled our car up to the entrance for parking and went inside, where a very helpful staff member directed us to the 3rd floor lobby and wished us an enjoyable stay. At check in, we asked for a king bed and were told, &quot;not a problem at all&quot;. The lobby was very nice, and while the hallways and elevators were somewhat small, it seemed quaint. We were given a room at the end of a hall (room 1502) which was very nice...king bed, two TV's, couch/sitting area, desk, etc. The bed was kind of squeezed in there, but the sitting area made up for it. The bathroom was a bit small... that didn't bother us, but there was not much space to put your toiletries. It is also the best location...right on Michigan avenue by Water Tower and all the great shopping and restaurants. We only wish we had more time to enjoy the area! Hope this info helps!	
Jun 18 2006	Horrible really horrible!	This hotel is right in the heart of North Michigan Avenue. A great location, but a crummy hotel. When you enter the hotel you have to take an elevator to the third floor to check in. It can be confusing. Then you have to switch over to another bank of elevators to get to your room. Parking is $40.00 a day. The lobby of the hotel is beautiful. Too bad the rest of the hotel doesn't measure up. When we were waiting in line we watched and overheard another customer arguing with a check-in clerk. The problem was that she needed a room with two beds, not one. The clerk told the customer &quot;Sorry you booked on Priceline we don't have to honor ANY special requests. You get what we give you&quot; !!!! HUH? We were floored as we had booked on Priceline ourselves. We didn't ask for anything special, we quietly checked in. We usually ask for a nonsmoking king and 99% out of 100 times hotels accomodate us. We have never encountered such rudness.Not saying anything to the person checking us in was a huge mistake. We were checked into room 623. We have had rooms on cruise ships larger than this room and it was right across from the elevator bank so we could hear everything. The room was the size of a walk in closet with a only a double bed. The carpet was dirty. The linen on the bed was worn. If the linens on the bed were clean or not was questionable. So much for that &quot;comfort bed&quot; they advertise. If this hotel had them we didn't see it in our room. Our phone didn't work and our windows didn't have a darkening shade. You could see the hooks for them, but the window didn't have one. We called the front desk, no chance of changing rooms because we booked on Priceline, however the said they would send some one up to see about the window shade. They never showed up.The windows were filthy. The furniture was nicked and worn. The wallpaper was worn. The water trickled out of the showerhead. Ugh, what a nightmare! Thank goodness we were only spending one night there. NEVER AGAIN! We and others were treated horribly because we booked with priceline. When are hotel employees going to figure out online booking portals are here to stay and if they don't like it, then don't release the rooms to be booked through online travel websites. This hotel does not deserve the three stars listed on priceline and other travel websites.	
May 31 2006	Perfect Plaza Crowned Our Holiday	I spent about three hours on the internet one day looking at hotels for our five days in Chicago - three hours well spent when I found the Allerton Crowne Plaza. $65 a night, for two people in a king size room with all perks and mod-cons included? There had to be a catch, but no - when we arrived we found it was the perfect hotel in the perfect location - right on Michigan Avenue near the top-end designer stores (Tiffany, Armani etc.) between the historic Water Tower square and the Chicago Tribune building, five minutes walk from a metro station. The price doesn't include breakfast but there is an upmarket (i.e. well lit and soul-less) restaurant and bar if you are too lazy to stroll down the street to one of Chicago's many brilliant eateries. Spotlessly clean, utterly modern, friendly and helpful staff, quiet, secure, and comfortable. What more could you ask for?	
May 23 2006	Wonderful Experience at Allerton Crowne Plaza	My daughter and I took our first trip to Chicago this past weekend. We had found this hotel on the internet, and by the photos it looked very nice. We loved it! The staff could not have been nicer and more accommodating. It is pet friendly and they treated my daughter's teacup chihuahua like a little king. We had a drink at the bar the first evening there, and the complimentary snack mix they bring with your drinks is a nice touch. The view was nice, the room was comfy ... bed was a king size and very comfortable ... bathroom was roomy and I loved the shower stall versus a bathtub-shower combo. Maid service was great .... plenty of towels. Everything we requested was handled immediately. I like the older hotels better than the new ones ... more ambiance. Location was wonderful. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you're planning a trip to Chicago. We fell in love with Chicago ... what a great city!	
May 18 2006 	Good Value	I stayed one night at this hotel. Excellent location right in the middle of the Magnificent Mile. Attractive public spaces. The elevators were very small but efficient. I got a great pre-paid internet rate of $89.00 which was about 75% off of the official rate. My room was small but comfortable. Since the hotel is old, it had some character which I liked a lot. The bed was clean, but not as comfortable and nice as the great beds many hotels have today. The shade was old and would not raise in one window, and there was no shade in the other window. No problems with noise. Good airconditioning. Bathroom was small but clean. There were a few nicks and worn spots here and there, but nothing that was unacceptable. Overall, for the price, this was a great deal. I would stay here only with a pre-paid internet discounted rate. I would not pay the public rates.	
May 18 2006 	Historic small rooms but an upgrade and free internet to boot	I spent four nights at the Allerton while attending a meeting at the Sheraton a few blocks away. The location is wondeful, the hotel is clean, and the prices were reasonable for what was a busy time in Chicago. My rate changed twice while I was there, but I knew that when booking. On check-in, I was greeted pleasantly with the message &quot;Mr. Traveler, we've upgraded you to a suiite!&quot; courtesy I think of my Prority Club status. The rooms are small, but the suite was nicely arranged -- living room with hide-a-bed, work desk, and television a short hall and the bedroom with a king bed. The layout meant there were windows on three different walls of the room.The room was clean and comfortable, plenty of hot water and towels and very quiet at the end of a hall. The restaurant is quite nice to look at, the food is okay, but there are many better places to eat in the neighborhood. I ate their my first night because it was late.The room comes with wired high speed internet access -- I think for $9.95 a day but when I opened my laptop I found no fewer than five free wi-fi channels available. I used one of them named Observation 2 (there was also an Observation 4). Since my room was line of site to the top of the Hancock tower a few block away I wonder if that is what I was accessing. In any case, a good strong, fast signal for free.All in all a great stay.	
Apr 26 2006	Great Hotel	I stayed at the Crowne Plaza Allerton for one night and loved it! The location can not be better! I paid in advance and got a great deal! The staff is very friendly and the check in and check out was really fast. I would definitely recommend it. I did not see any bad things about it.	
Apr 23 2006 	Substandard quality for Crowne Plaza name	Recently stayed at the Allerton Crowne Plaza for a business conference. The hotel is a landmark hotel, which in reality translates into tiny, slow elevators and an excuse to keep re-using hideous fabric from the '70s. Check-in was fine, front desk was courteous. Only complaint was that my request for a king-size bed was ignored, but I was traveling solo, so settled agreeably for a queen. My room was small, but functional and comfortable. I used the internet before noticing a draft --coming from the window with a piece of the frame cut out! The window was completely closed, but the metal frame along the bottom was cut out. In April, it still gets quite chilly at night, so I was not about to take this in stride. In addition, the hotel is in the immediate vicinity of a hospital, so sirens from the ambulances are frequent and all the more noisy with an open window. I have never encountered something like this before, but when I called the front desk to ask for a room change, they seemed unfazed so I guess it's the norm for this hotel. I asked for a room that did not face the heavily trafficked street, but they said none were availalbe. When I switched rooms, I noticed that my new room had a breakfast menu strewn across the bed and one of the glasses had been used. I can only assume that another guest had switched from that room as well. In any case, my new room was substantially better (warmer!) than the old one and I was satisfied. Until I ordered room service. Speedy and courteous delivery, but short on taste. I ordered the french onion soup and lamb. The soup was too salty, lamb was too bland. However, I did enjoy the warm bread and fries. And the cute little bottle of Heinz. Really, it's the little things. My night was otherwise uneventful, and I slept very soundly. The bed was very comfortable, clean, and sleep-inducing. Parting thoughts: If you are looking for a clean place to stay, with a comfortable bed and convenient internet access, and can overlook the renovations in progress, this is the place for you. If you are looking for luxury or are more appearance conscious, look elsewhere - the Peninsula around the corner may be more up your alley.	
Apr 22 2006 	great service small room	Like other reviewers I found the rooms small. However, I was traveling by myself and the bathroom was roomy. The room was very clean and fairly new furnishings. Exercise room was more than I expected. The staff was exceptionally friendly and accomodating. It is just around the corner f/ Michigan Ave., close to Northwestern Hospital. All very convenient. Great place at a reasonable price. I'd stay here again.	
Apr 14 2006	Older Style Ambience	I called in advance to guarentee a King Size Bed - you could get stuck with a double or queen.When we arrived, they upgraded us into a Suite on the 24th floor. The Suite was very nice, spacious, and clean. (about the same size as normal rooms at the doubletree and residence inn). We were very pleased with the upgrade until bedtime - early morning. We thought we were above the gym because there was a lot of noise up above us. We then realized the Elevator motors were above us and really starting moving around 6am when people were awake and going up and down the floors.Positive:Central LocationCute bar Clean Nice RoomValet very quick to get the vehicleDownside:Small WindowsNormal Rooms are very smallLongish wait to go from the ground level to the lobby.Parking = $36	
Mar 14 2006	STAY AT THE ALLERTON!	Do not hesitate to stay at the Crowne Plaza Allerton. The location is superb. The staff went way beyond the call of duty to make our stay enjoyable. My teen daughter and I stayed at the Allerton on a Friday and Saturday night. We arrived at the hotel straight from the airport at about 11:30 am hoping to have our bags held until check-in. Much to my suprise, they had a room ready and not only that they upgraded us to a larger room for free. I reserved through Hotwire at a price of $79.00 per night. The person who checked us in was aware of that and it made no difference that we went through a 3rd party booking. Everyone there treated us like queens the entire stay. The room was clean and comfortable. The bedding was so comfortable. Yes, the rooms are a little small but for the 2 of us it was perfect. I am a very picky traveler and have been known to switch rooms until I am happy. There was no switching or concerns here! The elevator set-up that is mentioned in a few post here, is really not a concern at all. Yes, it's a unique way to get to the lobby, but not a problem at all. The location of the Allerton is ideal for Magnificant Mile. It is right in the middle of the mile. We walked everywhere we needed to go from the hotel. Perfect! Oh, and can't forget to mention, the room service meal we ordered was delicious and was delivered very fast. I can't stress this enough, PLEASE don't hesitate to stay here!	
Mar 13 2006	Small but nice	I stayed at the Crowne Plaza Chicago-Allerton on Friday night. It was a great location to all the clubs and bars. We walked about nine blocks to get to Sound-bar, Y, RiNo, Spyclub, etc.FINDING YOUR WAY AROUND:My friend and I took the subway from O'Hare to the Chicago (Red line) stop and walked about 3 blocks to Michigan Ave. Once on Michigan we began out search for the Crowne Plaza to learn that it is NOT on Michigan Ave technically--the enterance is on Huron. The Nine West shoe store shares the same building and its front is on the Mag Mile. When we entered the Hotel, we learned that check-in is on the THIRD floor using the elevator on the right. If you wanted to go to your room, you had to get on another set of elevators on the third floor. To go to Taps or the lounge, you got on the elevator on the first floor to your left. THE ROOM:Very small. We checked in at 5PM and that's the only avalable room they had. My friend saw it and had a fit, but I didn't care because we didn't spend so much time in it. It had a standard bed (full), a small desk, and a TV on a TV stand. The linens and towels were white and clean. The bathroom was quite nice with marble-ish floors and a see through glass shower. On, the floors are very slippery! The room was very clean and stocked with the following:-Shampoo, conditioner, soap, lotion, and shoe polish-Hair dryer and make-up mirror-On the bed was a linen spray and earplugs-Iron, extra blanket and pillow in the closetSTAFF:Helpful, if not a bit sarcastic. They at least knew how to get around the city. You can also leave your luggage there after check-out to walk around the city.	
Feb 22 2006	Way too small	We tried one of the anonymous low priced-room hotel finders for the first time last weekend. Our room was very narrow and very short. It had a double bed, a hollow end table, a tv/cabinet and a hanging desk with a chair. We had to knee walk across the bed to get to the end table on the other side. The windows didn't fit so the air was frigid. The bathroom had no where for personal items, there was a small sink, no vanity, a toilet, and a shower, no tub. We had been promised no less than a queen sized bed and other standard features. We talked to other guests in the bar and 3 others were staying in the same kind of room. All were paying more than we were so it wasn't just because we were trying to go cheap for the weekend.Entrance to the hotel was ground level, freezing in there. Elevator to either floor 2, restaurant/bar or 3, the lobby/check in/out. Then cross over to elevators going to the guest rooms. Long waits for elevators. The room was nicely appointed but extremely small. When we checked in and were told it was a petite classic I asked what size bed? double. I said we need to have a queen sized bed, we have a confirmation. Ok, queen it is. The bed was a double bed with a queen-sized headboard.	
Feb 22 2006	Loved the Allerton	This was my first trip to Chicago, and if it's yours, please make sure you know where to go once you get off the train. It was very hard to find on foot, since we weren't from there, and most of the people we asked were either tourists themselves, or people that lived there, and weren't friendly. After we finally found the hotel, check-in was a breeze. We went to our room on the 12th floor, opened the door, and came to soon realize that claustrophobia was going to be a problem. The room was absolutely tiny. I felt like I was in a closet. You can barely walk around the bed to get around. That's all it was- a bed, a tiny desk and chair, and an armoire. The bathroom looked very spacious, but I would only recommend this room for someone traveling for business by themselves. I was with my husband for our two year anniversary. We went downstairs to see how much a suite was. First of all, I would recommend everyone using priceline.com and bidding for their rooms. We got ours for $60.00 a night. The upgrade to a suite was $60.00 more a night, but trust me, it was worth it. It was very spacious, two tv's, a couch, and a desk. The hotel staff was very friendly, especially the Concierge. Watch out for the maids though. We had to leave the privacy sign on our door the entire time we were in the room because they would just walk in without any notice. I guess they just assumed it was vacant. I would love to go back to this hotel. Everyone was the best and helped us find the easiest ways around Chicago. Will be back again!	
Feb 21 2006	Overall a Great Experience!	We were awarded this hotel through one of our regular Priceline bids. We've had our share of horrible experiences when bidding for hotels, and after reading some of the reviews on this site, we were prepared for the worst. We were pleasantly suprised, however...Overall, staff was very polite-- even the front desk. Yes, they tried to upsell us a suite upon checkin (which we gently refused). But when we were done, we had a &quot;handicapped&quot; non-smoking room with a king bed and a rollaway for our daughter. An ideal situation for our family of 3..We had plenty of towels, the room was clean, and we never had to wait long for an elevator (and the hotel was completely booked).Yes, the elevators are small, the halls are narrow, and the rooms can be tiny (judging from the fire escape plan [hint-- ask for a handicap room!]). But overall this was a great experience, especially for the price we paid.	
Feb 8 2006 	Traveler Beware!!	Our stay at the Allerton at 701 Michigan Avenue began and ended on a bad note. We ended up paying $63.00 more per night than our reserved &amp; confirmed quote. We were also one queen size bed short of the reservation for six adults which caused major inconvenience. They only gave us linens for two so we ended up tipping someone just to get our first set of towels.The valet parking fees (38.00 per day + tip) and the room occupancy tax (22.95 per day) are NOT included in the room rates quoted. Eventhough I called the day before we got there to confirm the parking and valet fees and any other hidden costs and were told they were all included in our room rate and that we were being given a discount because of our surgery (transplant &amp; recipient)at North Western that week. Nothing I was told over the phone was true including the room rates so my confirmation number was useless. The staff at the desk were very indifferent and even after the surgery removing my kidney and all that that entails...the only thing I can say that made my week in Chicago miserable was the stay at the Crowne Plaza. We have even contacted our lawyer to recover some of our cost. Get anything they say to you over the phone in writing...since their word is no good.	
Nov 14 2005	Allerton. Digged it. Loved it. Repeat	All men aren't created equal, so our opinions will differ. Go to the Allerton, and expect an excellent visit. I have NO complaints.I won a Hotwire bid for $90/night (worth every penny and more) for Friday through Sunday. I arrived around 5pm, the doorman took my bag as I exited the cab, gave me a claim ticket and informed me it would be in my room 10 minutes after checking in; was it? YEP.Check in is on the 3rd floor, and you have to switch elevators to go up to the rooms. Check-in was hassle-free, the staff was very friendly and attentive, this even though the hotel was obviously packed and busy. The elevators are pretty small, by U.S. standards, but you can tell it's an old building, full of character and charm. The small elevators are forgotten when you realize you have 5, extremely fast, elevator cars.The hotel is obviously 'well done', you can tell from the moment you enter through the revolving doors into the bellman's area and up to the lobby. But when I got to my room, on the 6th floor, overlooking Michigan Ave., my suspicions were confirmed. PERFECTION! CHARM! Beautiful. The entire hotel has a very European feel, guest rooms included.The room was small, but delightfully decorated, with a full size bed, a beautiful armoir, and sitting chairs. The bathroom was cozy, had a full size shower fitted with a shower head set high enough for a professional basketball player. What this place lacks in space, it more than makes up for in charm and comfort.It is located right in the middle of the Magnificent Mile shopping area, about 4 blocks from the John Hancock building and Water Tower, there are restaurants on the streets around it. I just can't rave enough about this place. I will definitely stay there again.One thing, I had planned on taking the train from O'hare to the hotel, at some point I must've taken the wrong exit on the red line and hailed a cab, however, when I did walk to the Chicago station, the closest one to the Allerton, I found it to be a walk way longer than I had anticipated, and I only had one carry-on bag (though packed to the max, as I'll be here for 5 days) and a knapsack with my camera and personal belongings. I'm glad I opted for the cab ride. May I suggest getting off the red line at the Clark station, which is completely handicap-accessible, then hailing a cab to the hotel? That ride will set you back a whopping $4.25! If you've got bags to haul, you'll thank me!	
Nov 1 2005	Great Place To Stay	We just returned from a 2 night weekend stay at Crowne Plaza Allerton and had no problems at all. I also had some concerns about our stay after reading all the reviews and now understand that those people must expect a whole lot. I guess if I really looked hard enough, I might could see some issues and something to complain about. I even booked it through hotwire and got a great deal. I still received a king size bed with a great view of Michigan Ave. I can't believe that people complain about going to the 3rd floor to register. Yes, the elevators are small, but so what?? The rooms might have been a little smaller that other hotels, but we were just in and out to sleep and change clothes. The bathroom was well lit and had a great makeup mirror attached to the wall. The front desk was staffed just fine. We had no problems for check in or out. If you have a room booked at this hotel, you will enjoy it unless you are the type of person that complains about everything.	
Oct 31 2005	A Little bit of Europe	After reading the reviews, I was a little hesitant when I found that we'd bid on this hotel on Hotwire and got it for the weekend at $130 a night.We usually stay at 4 star hotels but so many of these were full and there were no deals to be had for this weekend so we took the leap and we were glad we did. Although it's far from perfect in many respects, I have to say that when we walked in and rode up the elevator to the third floor and walked into the lobby, I was reminded of some hotels where we stayed in Europe. Lovely, tall windows and a wide, pleasant seating area with a small reception desk are on the third floor before you take a different elevator up to your room. We arrived early, around 10 am. Sara checked us in and she was very pleasant. She said she didn't have a king bed at that time, but gave us a queen on the 16th floor with a view of Michigan Ave.  Again, the small elevators and small hallways and the very small rooms reminded me of one hotel in particular where we stayed in Paris which just brought back a wave of memories for me. The bed took up most of the room but that was part of the charm for me. There were tall windows that you could open. We opened ours a crack for fresh air and could hear a sax being played on the corner down the street. There was coffee on a small table, a desk, small closet and safe in the tv cabinet. The bathroom had only a shower which is what my husband and I prefer. The bath was clean &amp; provided a small shelf for your toiletries. The hotel also provided a small bag with lavendar spray for your pillows and earplugs and an eyemask with a relaxation CD.  We could see Chicago Place food court out our front window and Michigan Ave. to the beach out the side window. Shades were helpful at night to keep out the light of the busy city but we weren't bothered by the city sounds.  This hotel is close to tons of great restaurants. When we arrived, it was cold and rainy (again reminding me of Paris) so we walked a couple of blocks North (to Superior) and one block East to a little Italian place called Joey Buona's. We had hot bowls of Minestrone and Pasta Fagioli with baked garlic cheese bread dripping with cheese and looked out the cafe curtains as the people walked by with their umbrellas. Everyone in the hotel with the exception of one seemed very personable and willing to help if needed. A paper was delivered to our door each morning.  There are just a few things that the hotel could do to make the stay even better and that would be to keep each room as problem free as possible (little things matter). Our room had a desk light that had a broken outlet, a loose make-up mirror, and a shade that still worked fine but needed to have the bracket holding the rope that worked the shade to be reattached at the bottom. (I did leave a note since I do think the guest should notify the hotel in order for the hotel to attend to these things). Also I would have loved my towels to be larger but I still say the hotel has a charm of it's own.	
Oct 5 2005	so-so	The Allerton Crowne Plaza is in a great location, on the Magnificent Mile with lots of stores and restaurants. The hotel itself, however, is over-priced for what you get (I paid $249/night for a small room with 1 king-sized bed). I stayed there for 2 nights on business and had a non-smoking room that smelled of smoke. The window shade broke the first day (although it was fixed promptly) and the room was directly across from a service elevator that emitted a ringing noise every time it was used (day and night). The room was small and had a shower but no bathtub and only 1 bar of soap to share for the shower and sink.There was free coffee for the coffeemaker, but no tea. I would hope for more that price.	
Sep 30 2005	Not what I was expecting	This was the second time staying, the first was very nice. I work in travel and am often given a nice room for the word of mouth, however this trip the room was tiny compared to the first, it was clean but a little shabby. I was told my parking would be covered by a person in sales and when I came the final day to get the car, I was informed that they no longer did that and I would have to pay. I was not prepared for that but did pay. When I went to the hotel they were no help and basically said I could call when she was in on Monday to see what she could do. I was reimbursed however it was a hassle I was not expecting and no help was offered.It is a good location though.	
Sep 30 2005 	There are many better hotels	Stayed one night on a business trip because most everything else was booked. Had a queen room at $199. It was TINY -- barely enough room to walk around the bed, and there was no way two people couild have used that room. Bed was comfortable but the plumbing was noisy all night long. Bathroom was roomy and well lighted -- quite nice. Only one chair, a straight back desk chair. Hi speed internet at $9.95/day. No newspaper in the morning, front desk was courteous but understaffed -- never more than one person on duty to handel checkins/checkouts, andswer phone, etc.	
Aug 16 2005 	Beware	Beware of bad business policies. I stayed at the hotel in the very small rooms and terrible staff. I was there on business. The company I was working for was supposed to pay. Instead of billing them they billed me 10 months later!!!!!!! Be careful!	
Aug 10 2005	Less than Tip Top	Reviews here are accurate. Great location, iffy everything else. Arrived at check-in to see a small but angry line of people. Friday evening, a line of customers....and one person working the 4-place front desk. I spent the wait trying to figure out what everyone's problem was. Turns out it was my problem, too. Depsite a King bed reservation, they had only double beds availabe. &quot;Anything you can do&quot;? No. Take it or leave it, essentially. The word &quot;KING&quot; on the reservation means nothing. This was a reservation made through the Crowne Plaza website, not a 3rd party. Not a big deal, I was expecting as much based on what I read here, but I'm posting it so the next people know. Room was nice, but small. Once we heard &quot;double&quot; we knew it was going to be tight. By small, I mean that we were re-arranging furniture for better use of space. My face was 6 feet from the door and it felt like I was sleeping in the hallway. One in our group actually got a king room (one out of 3 parties) and that's a nice room between the elevator banks. Judging by the fire escape diagram, most of the rooms look like they're the size ours was. It's an very beautiful, but old building, so if you're used to old buildings...things like water damage around the windows, tiny bugs in the room (no screens on the windows...don't open them unless you want visitors), great water pressure for 90% of the time, interspersed with a) no water pressure or b) a 20-degree change in water temperature. When leaving, the doorman waved us away from the limo we thought we were taking to the airport. &quot;It's For someone else&quot; we're told. Well after 5 mins the driver finally approaches us and we find out that is inded our limo, thanks buddy. There sure seemed to be a lot of hotels in the area, and although this was inexpensive I'm sure you could do better. Pictures attached -- I got a great shot of the hotel from a nearby apartment. I also took pics of the water damage and some streaks were I killed a few bugs on the ceiling. Happy hunting!	
Aug 10 2005	Don't believe you can check in at 3:00 p.m.	Arrived at 5:00 p.m. expecting to check in, shower after 4 hours in a car with broken air conditioning, get dressed up and go to a show and dinner. The lobby was full of people. We were told we could &quot;preregister&quot; for a room that would be available in 1/2 hour to an hour. Grumbling, we wandered around nearby shops. When we came back, we had to wait in line until after seven, and were told our room still wasn't ready. No apologies to anyone, everyone was told rooms &quot;become available&quot; at the 3:00 check-in time listed on the web site. After some phone calls to housekeeping, we were told our room lacked only towels and they could let us in. The man at the counter acted like he was doing us a big favor. When we got to our room, the bed wasn't made and I couldn't tell if the bedding was clean or used. I called housekeeping and had to wait another 1/2 hour before showering so they could come fix the bed. The woman from housekeeping was incredibly nice and apologetic--and she was the only staff we met who was. By the time we were able to get out, it was nearly 8:30 and we had missed any prospect of seeing a show, which was the main reason we decided to come to Chicago for the night. When we left, a man who was next to us in line the second time was just getting his room and he was, understandably, furious. The staff were still acting like it was perfectly ok to be checking someone in that late. The room was small and a little shabby but clean. The bed was fantastic. Not sure if I'll use Priceline again for Chicago because I don't want to get stuck here again.	
Aug 8 2005	A great stay!	We stayed for one night the last Saturday in July. I had booked two rooms through hotwire so I knew what to expect, the smallest rooms in the house. That's par for the course when getting a cheap rate, I wonder if sometimes other reviewers forget that. We arrived early in the afternoon, the bellman were readily available and handled our luggage. Upon going to 3rd floor checkin, the front desk happily obliged to check and see if we could check in early and they were able to get us rooms. Bell service brought our bags up within 5 minutes and were extremely courteous. Elevator waits were 2 minutes or less, and yes you do have to change elevators but it's an older building, thats the way it works in a lot of older dowtown buildings. The rooms were small, but extremely clean. Standard crowne plaza welcome package of eyemask, ear plugs, etc is always a nice touch. Bathroom was very clean and for being small had a great walk in shower with what must have been a 7 foot high shower head, great for taller people who are used to sore backs from showering while traveling. Plus the location is excellent, a quick walk to Michigan Ave and to nearby CTA El stops. Would not hesitate to stay again!	
Jul 31 2005	Very Charming	I just returned from a 3 night girls weekend in Chicago and stayed at the Allerton Crowne Plaza. I have to say that I was a little concerned after reading some of the reviews. I am happy to say that we had a wonderful experience. The valet greeted us in a very friendly manner and was helpful. We checked in at the beautiful 3rd floor foyer and the staff were helpful and attentive. Our room was very clean, not very big but really what do you expect for $115. The location is unbelievable, the best location that I have stayed while in the windy city and I travel there yearly. We called for extra towels twice and they arrived at our door within 5 minutes. We called to have our car pulled out and it was at the front door within minutes. The staff were courteous and helpful with directions and recommendations. The work out room on the 25th floor was very nice. I cannot say enough about my stay. If you are looking for a clean, central location with an affordable price, I highly recommend this hotel. I did not have any problems.	
Jul 27 2005	Great stay at the Allerton	We recently had a wonderful 2 nights at the Allerton. We were somewhat concerned after reading some of the reviews and getting this hotel on priceline ($150) but it turned out to be just fine. When we arrived the valet ($36) was very prompt and the front desk was very courteous. We were assigned a room with a double bed but we asked if we could get a king instead. They did not have a king but gave us a queen on a high floor. The room itself was very clean and a perfect size for the two of us. We found the room to be very clean and quiet. I was worried about the bathroom being too small to accomodate my hair and makeup supplies but it was just fine. The shower was spacious and very clean. We ate at the hotel restaurant for breakfast, it was a little pricey but very tasty. The most we waited for an elevator was 2 min. Overall, this is a very charming hotel with an excellent location, right in the heart of the Magnificent Mile. We would love to stay here again!	
Jul 20 2005 	Not Great!	I'm from Chicago and I go back to visit frequently. I've stayed at various mid-range hotels downtown and this one ranks on the bottom of my list. First off, I was traveling with a female co-worker this time. I booked 4 months in advance and had called several times requesting a room with two beds. I was told I had to make that request at check in. Well, low and behold they only had rooms with one bed. We weren't too happy and when this was mentioned, the guy at check-in seemed flippant and replied, &quot;Well, I can't give you what I don't have.&quot; The hotel and the room were clean but small and this particular room had a nice view of the fire escape. The other issue I had was their elevator system. It's an old building and while the entrance was street level, one has to take an elevator to the third floor to reach the main elevators to the rooms. The elevators are VERY slow and very small. With 23 floors of guests waiting to get upstairs, it's a rat race to get to the elevator first--or be stuck standing there as long as 5 min to get up to your room. All that said, the Allerton's saving grace is it's location--on Michagan Avenue's Magnificant Mile. As a tourist, it's a wonderful area to stay--walking distance to Oak Street Beach at one end and the Chicago river and on to business dist. of downtown at the other. Chicago is a wonderful city to be &quot;out and about&quot; in. If you're only using the Allerton as a place to rest your head, it'll be adequate. For the same price, I much prefer the Palmer House Hilton. It's a couple stops further on the subway but it's beautiful.	
Jul 19 2005	Great Location - but that's it	I stayed at the Allerton on a last-minute business trip. Every hotel in the area was booked solid. For some reason, the Allerton had several rooms available. I arrived very late, 11:30 p.m. to be exact, due to a series of unfortunate events at Chicago O' Hare. Check in took a ridiculously long time. The layout of the hotel is odd - you have to use a series of elevators to get from one area to the next, all of which have strange angles and are tiny. So I got up to my room on the 16th floor and it had not been cleaned at all since the previous occupant had left. The bed was unmade, towels on the floor, the window was open. I dragged my luggage (never saw a bellman) back to the third floor where check-in was and was given a second room, on the 20th floor. My room was larger and seemed nice. On second look there were crackers on the floor by the bed as well as some spare change. There were about 20 little bugs having a party on the ceiling, and the safe - which I didn't touch started beeping the second I got out of the shower. Did I mention that room service closed at 11:00, so no dinner for me. The blanket on the bed was stained with some chocolately looking residue. The room was dirty. I did complain and someone came and picked up the crackers and stopped the safe from beeping. I think the hotel is simply too large for the staff to handle. I wouldn't stay there again.	
Jul 17 2005	Location Location Location--Nothing Else!	This hotel was highly recommended to me by a co-worker. He was right in the sense that the location is great--we were in the center of the action. I have to concentrate on this to forget about my distaste with the front-desk staff and the condition of the rooms. I booked two non-smoking rooms with two double beds and because I had two 14 year olds in one room, I requested adjoining rooms during the reservation, confirmation and arrival. Since I requested early check in--we arrived before noon so the front desk person just gave us one room. I mentioned that we needed two rooms together and his response was &quot;We are overbooked, check with us later&quot;. At this point we felt very thankful that we had a room to change and put our suitcases in. The room had an ackward set-up, very small and not very clean, and a &quot;lovely&quot; view of the parking garage's wall. After having a great lunch at Giordano's, I went back to the front desk, this time I spoke to a female front desk employee that told me if I gave her my credit card she will hold my second a room in the 5th--Did I mention that our first room was in the 6th floor? I checked back in an hour and a different male front desk employee told me that my smoking room on the 11th floor was not ready yet. I asked him what happened to the room on the 5th floor that I gave my credit card for. After a lit bit of perseverance on my part, he found the paper I signed, however, there was NO room available on the 5th floor. After he reminded me (AGAIN!) of the hotel's overbooked situation he said he had a petite suite on the 6th floor with one bed. At this time, we realized this was as close we were going to get to our other room so we took it. I was dissappointed with the staff--I felt they took a &quot;I don't care pill&quot; before coming to work. I made it clear from the very beginning that having two rooms as close as possible was a priority for my family--however I was misled by the reservations staff and ignored by the front desk staff. If a clean and friendly place is a top requirement for you, I will not recommend this hotel. If location if a top requirement for you, go for it! As for me, I will not stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 17 2005	Great location and staff!	This is located on the &quot;Magnificent Mile&quot;. It was close to wonderful shopping and restaurants.We had a suite that quite large and very clean. There was a dead spider on the floor of the bathroom but at least it was dead! The bathroom could have been larger.The hallways and elevators are very cramped but you need to remember you are in a very old building.The elevators are also very slow. We had to wait one time over 20 minutes. I know other reviewers claimed that people were simply not paying attention to the elevators but that was definitely not the case with us.We found the front desk staff to be very courteous. We asked them for directions several times and each time they were kind and showed us a map. The valet workers were great, they also gave wonderful directions and suggestions.I would definitely stay there again. I did see a regular room when I was walking in the hall and was not impressed. Try for a suite if possible.	
Jul 15 2005	Good location but the hotel's a dump	If you are a tourist, this is a great location. That is the only good thing I can say about this place. Check in was very slow. I reserved a nonsmoking room. When I got there, they did not have one, and they did not seem to care very much - so they gave me a smoking room. When I went to the room, it had not been made up and was in disgusting condition. So I came back downstairs and after another 15 minute delay, they gave me another room that had been made up. The room was very small (half the size of a usual hotel room). The bathroom was also very small - so small it is hard to move around in. And it had only one towel in it. The elevators were small and cramped and slow. The room price was $260 a night. (maybe you could get cheaper; I booked on short notice). It was basically Motel 6 quality at Ritz Carlton prices. I would not stay here again. There are a lot of very nice hotels in Chicago in that price range. If you want a MUCH better hotel in the same location, try the Fitzpatrick - a friendly hotel with very nice rooms, good staff and excellent Irish bar in the basement.	
Jul 13 2005	Fantastic Experience	We really enjoyed this hotel. It is in a great location - right in the heart of the Magnificent Mile - easy walking to many shops, landmarks and great restaurants. We found everyone (bellhops, housekeeping, registration) we encountered to be very pleasant and always willing to help. We did not have any situation that required us to interact with management so I don't have an opinion on that. As members of the Priority Club we were upgraded to a mini-suite which had a large king size bed in one room and a sleeper sofa in the other. We had our 2 kids for one night of the stay and the sleeper sofa was a bit small but fine for them. The room was located at the end of the hall so we had views from 3 sides of the building - 2 of which were gorgeous views of the skyline and you could even see the lake. The bathroom was fine - I didn't think it was too small and there was a glass shelf running the length of the bathroom for storing toiletries that was perfectly adequate for us. Also, I think our rate was very good - we booked on the hotel's website and took the internet rate (it has restrictions - such as no cancellation) - it was the most reasonable rate I could find for a hotel in this location. We did have our car and were charged the $36 / night for parking but we were not charged on our last day and we didn't leave until the noon checkout. We did not have any problems dealing with the parking or retrieving our car when we needed it.	
Jul 12 2005	Great location okay hotel	I stayed at the Allerton during the Taste of Chicago for the 4th of July weekend 2005.We must have gotten the smallest single ever made. As soon as we stepped into out hotel room, we were in the bathroom. I had seen my friend's single and it was decent. I booked the room on the hotel's website for about $150 a night and I was not satisfied.I did not try the hotel's restaurant or bar. There is no pool. The good thing about the hotel was that it was located in the middle of the magnificent mile.The next time I visit Chicago, I will not be at the Allerton.	
Jul 7 2005	Beware: WORST Service on the Planet!!	My rating of 1 is extremely generous for the level of service provided to me at the Allerton! If I could render a 0 or a negative rating, I most definitely would. After booking on Hotwire, I called directly to the hotel three times to ensure we had double beds in our rooms, which was confirmed by Allerton staff. When we arrived, the front desk clerk informed us they had booked us for a single room and no more double rooms were available. After expressing our discontent with the manager, he attempted to pacify us with a free breakfast.We had an even more intense and dissatisfying experience with so-called &quot;management&quot; at checkout. In addition, we were charged the $36 fee for valet parking for a night on which our car was supposed to be valeted. However, to our dismay, the car was sitting in front of the hotel (where it was left) in the morning, never having been parked!If you are looking for a nice hotel with great service, the Allerton is definitely NOT the place for you! If you want to waste your money on small rooms, terrible service, rude and extremely incompetent management, and risking the safety of your car, kudos to you...you have come to the right place! Enjoy your disastrous experience!	
Jun 14 2005 	A Train Wreck	Our stay was terrible from start to finish. Check-in was disorganized. Many families and business people waited as a flustered staff attempted to process visitors who had booked weeks and months in advance. Gave us the strangest room I have even been in. Two double beds in a room not much wider than the length of the beds. The bathroom was 5 feet wide and ran the length of the room too. ZERO counter space in the bathroom. Good luck ladies.Lost the valet-checked car we rented upon our chackout -- almost late to the airport due to their frantic search. A understaffed, old, poorly managed hotel.It's location is the only thing keeping it from being torn down.To top it off, it was priced the same as nice hotels. This was not a priceline deal.We will never return.	
May 31 2005	Great Hotel... Very Clean Great Location!!!	Allerton Crowne Plaza Hotel was a very nice hotel. It was in a great location central to everything. It was 2 blocks from the red line to/from the airport, 2 blocks from Hancock Bldg, few blocks from bars/restaurants on Rush St., across the street from bus stop to museums and parks and a short walk to navy pier. The only thing negative I could say about this hotel is that the room was very small and had an odd configuration. We had 4 people and it was cozy... Hotel does not have a pool which could be a deal breaker for some. Overall I would definitely suggest anyone to stay in this hotel. It was very clean and the staff was wonderful. No problems at all with anything. The hotel even let us check in at 8am which saved us being that we had a really early flight.	
Apr 14 2005	OK With My Stay	I stayed at this hotel from April 9 - 12, 2005. When I arrived at approximately 1:00 p.m., I was able to check in early. I also was told that I had been upgraded to a &quot;Junior Suite.&quot; The elevators are small but I never had to wait for one. When I pushed the button, I could immediately hear one coming.I ate at the restaurant a few times and each meal was great. The service was very nice.Everyone that I met that worked at the hotel was nice and always spoke to me.This was my first trip to Chicago and when/if I go back, I will probably stay at this hotel. It is on Michigan Avenue and close to everything. I had no problems at all with this hotel and would enjoy staying there again.	
Apr 11 2005	Perfect for our purpose	Stayed at the Allerton Crowne Plaza this past weekend. We got a rate of $116 on Hotwire. Location of the hotel is awesome - - on the corner of Michigan Ave and Huron. Parking is salty, $36 per night, but there aren't many other choices. Our room was small, but fabulous - - everything extremely clean and like new. The only drawback to this hotel is the lack of a pool. If a pool isn't important, you can't beat the value for a Michigan Avenue stay.	
Apr 5 2005	High Standard in Central Location	This was our secong stay at the Allerton having stayed there about 5 years ago. The Hotel was good then and is still up to the same high standard. Yhe Staff where all extremely helpful from the moment we arrived until we left. The room was excellant and the bathroom worked perfectly. The location of this Hotel is great for shopping and if you get a travel pass you can get the bus to all the tourist locations easily enought. As I said this was my secong stay here and I look forward to many future stays in the future.	
Mar 30 2005	Quaint and 'character' don't cut it.	In reference to the other reviews. Yes- the elevators are Sloooow. Yes- The rooms are small and/or oddly configured. Yes- The desk staff is rather abrupt in a polished quit bugging me kind of way. Getting pillows was an all day affair(the ones they had were small &amp; hard and we were short 1). The sink kind of worked, the toilet flush was a trickle and then the tank trickled for the next 1/2 hour. This is a hotel designed in the early last century and it shows throughout. Towels were also a struggle. We had to ask for additional towels every day, apparently there is a new shortage of hotel towels that is causing them to stockpile any and all. 3 in a room and 2 towels just doesn't work. Interior of the rooms is dated and a bit depressing, but I guess that's supposed to add to the &quot;atmosphere&quot; of this &quot;character&quot; hotel. Experienced travellers will find this hotel disappointing and those looking for a weekend in Chicago can do much better for only a few $$ more.	
Mar 27 2005	Outsiders guide to Allerton Hotel	Here are a few points for those who do not know Chicago well.Located in the heart of the magnificent mile, this is a very nice hotel. Clean rooms, all updated. Shower pressure is a bit weak. Staff is very friendly. All surrounding restaurants are mostly upper-scale. This may or may not be for you. If you find a hotel further south towards the Art Institute, you may find less swanky restaurants.(For all 'Priceline' reviewers: you pay next to nothing for a hotel, then have expectations???)There are different level of rooms. Small/non-suite rooms, which have either a full, queen, 2 queens, or 1 king bed. These are also grouped into view of Michigan avenue, no view, near elevator, upper floors, etc. Then there is the junior suite, then the king suite. If you pre-paid for a room, they will try and upsell you to a suite. also note this motel is about 1/2 a mile from the red train, which can connect you to the blue line which goes to OHare Airport. To get to red line, you go up Chicago Rd. You can also take a taxi to get directly on the Blue line.	
Nov 27 2004	Not in a million years...	We stayed here for a family member's wedding, and reserved as part of a block with a special rate (~130/night for a regular room) approximately 3 months ahead of time. When we arrived and provided the confirmation numbers, they 1) had the reservations under the wrong names and 2) gave us a much higher room rate (~230). The front desk clerk, who to his credit was fairly polite, spent at least 20 minutes telling us that we must have been mistaken or booked too late for the rate etc etc. He certainly never offered to give us the correct rate even though he had a record of the wedding rate and we had proof of making our reservation in time, or offered to find someone who could actually help us. When we finally asked to speak to the manager, he was just as unhelpful and was more rude than anyone I've encountered in just about any establishment anywhere. I was shocked. We ended up parking ourselves at the front desk until they honored the rate they had originally given us, but it took over an hour (and probably a few years off my life.) After all that, we did not have rooms together (as we had been promised), the rooms themselves were so tiny you could hardly scoot past the bed, the coffeemaker ended up flooding all over the desk, you had to wait at least 5 minutes every time you took any elevator (there is one to the 3rd floor and you have to transfer to another one to get to the rooms, and they are so tiny that only 6 people can fit in them, and that's without luggage.)In short, I can't think of a worse hotel experience. I recently took a trip in which we stayed only in 1-star motels, and each one was far more pleasant than the crowne plaza.	
Nov 15 2004	Excellent Location great value	I booked a room 24 hours in advance on Hotwire for $90. My husband and I had wanted to stay in the Gold Coast/Mag Mile area, and this was perfect. The hotel is right in the middle of all of the shopping on N. Michigan Ave.The room was very clean, and the bed was even more comfortable than my bed at home.This is not a luxury hotel, and did not have a ton of amenities (pool, etc.), but if you're looking for a nice room, great location and great price, I strongly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 15 2004	Don't stay here (you'll make it harder for me to book a room!)	One of Chicago's best kept secrets, you can get a nearly perfect room here often for a fantastic rate. Absolutely fantastic bed linens, gorgeous little bathrooms, quiet rooms, extremely helpful but unobtrusive staff (primarily European--elegant, professional, and intelligent), free high speed internet, crown molding and perfect decor... Having stayed here by myself on several occasions, I have found the front desk staff to be extremely effusive and charming, and every request I have made has been attended to perfectly. I'm not sure what it's like to check in with a large group, so I don't understand the complaints from others in their reviews. As a single traveller, I appreciate the lack of a busy lobby bar. The fitness center is bright, clean, and more than adequate, and there is an additional sauna. There is a laundry room for guest use on the top floor. And per the complaints about slow elevators: on more than one occasion I witnessed seemingly oblivious people staring blankly into space as elevators on the other side of the staircase arrived to take them up to the guest floors--on one occasion I even announced the arrival of the elevator and held the door for one group, but no one involved could grasp the fact that there were two groups of elevators for the guest floors (left and right, not to be confused with those across the hall to descend to the motor lobby), so eventually I just rode up by myself and left them to wait. For the business traveller who understands basic modern conveniences (and complicated signals like &quot;pings&quot; and up and down lights) and wants to be in a quiet, exceptionally comfortable, surprisingly affordable, low key hotel that just happens to be smack dab in the middle of everything, it doesn't get any better. I would say that this is nearly the perfect luxury business hotel, and that families would be more comfortable at some big chain like the Hyatt or the Sheraton, where square footage outweighs small personal touches and peace and quiet.	
Nov 5 2004	Wouldn't stay at this location again	I must say that I've always had good luck with Crowne Plazas, so I was bewildered when we arrived at the Allerton. There were 9 girls in our party, and we had asked for 2 rooms, stating that we would need a rollaway cot. Upon arrival, they informed us that cots were not allowed in certain rooms, obviously this is something that should have been told to us beforehand. We arrived to the hotel at 11:00 pm and just wanted to get settled in... 60 minutes later our problem was solved, but only after asking for a manager and speaking with him forever. The people at the front desk were EXTREMELY rude and did not make our first impression a good one. However, I will say that the concierge, maid service, bell hops, etc were awesome and we had a great experience with them. If you're looking for a hotel with great customer service, I suggest you look somewhere else.Also, the rooms are not spacious at all.	
Oct 6 2004	Crowne Plaza...breath of fresh air!	After staying at the Best Western River North the previous night, the CP was a breath of fresh air!Although there were major conferences going on in the city and everyone was sold out, CP managed to get us in the day of our request. Although my room was small and quaint, I loved the room decoration. The bed was awesome. The bathroom was a fresh difference from the standard restrooms in other hotels. I also loved the personal welcome message that I got on my room's voicemail when I checked in!My only complaint is that I was in the room directly across from the elevator. The hall noise and the elevator &quot;ding&quot; was a little annoying, but I was able to sleep through it. The sleep CD is a cute additive, but a little worthless as the person talking got on my nerves. My last complaint is that they &quot;inadvertantly&quot; charged me for an item in the bar in the room. But after notifying the front desk, they removed the charge.Overall, I would stay at the CP again. I was in a wonderful location cute, clean and quaint.	
Sep 29 2004	Not a 'Guest Friendly' Hotel	We booked our reservation online thru Priceline, stating that there would be 3 guests. Upon arrival we were given a room with one queen bed. When we requested a room with 2 beds the clerk said we'd have to pay an additional $29 per night for the extra bed. The hotel was not full, but the clerk wasn't interested in making a customer happy. My son ended up sleeping on the floor for 3 nights. Also, the parking at the Allerton is $36 per night, which seems outrageous. The staff acted indifferent and rarely did we see a smile or greeting from any of them, except for the concierge, who always smiled and greeted guests warmly. I think I will stay somewhere else on my next visit to Chicago.	
Aug 17 2004	Old World Hotel in Great Location	This was a great hotel for a single person. I stayed three nights and was able to check-in a little early (1:30 PM). Pretty good work-out room (wish there were more free weights) Small guest room, but it didn't matter since I was alone. It was clean, tastefully decorated and laid out well--good pillow, sheets and mattress, etc. Friendly staff, Great location--easy walk to shops, transit, etc. Well worth the low price I received on an on-line reservation site.	
Aug 9 2004	will not visit again	I recently booked two rooms at the Allerton for our parties, and was quoted one price and the conformation stated another. Upon bring this to the attention of the staff, no change was made. Our two rooms were specified to be connecting, but upon check in we were 5 floors apart and nothing could be done due to being sold out. The elevators and rooms were like match box cars. Although the bathroom was decent size, if you have more than one adult, fitting toilettries on the counter was quite impossible. We had other individuals meeting us at the hotel, but the sign is difficult to spot, especially to those that are unfamiliar with the area and urban traffic. Though these bumps in the road may seem minimal to some, when you put in your time, effort, and hard earned dollar to stay somewhere, you want a good experience in return.	
Aug 7 2004	Great location good hotel	We booked two rooms for the last weekend in July 2004, one for our adult children, through a Chicago visitors' area website where we got rates much lower than advertised through the major booking agencies (Orbitz, Expedia, Hotels) or at the hotel's own website. But I had to keep calling to make sure the hotel was holding two rooms, as the hotel kept seeing just one on their records. Interestingly, although we paid the same price for both rooms, one was quite a bit larger with a different room lay-out. Our room was smaller, but with a better view. The good and the bad, with the good first. The staff here is very kind as was previously mentioned. Our room was not ready at 3, which is not surprising considering the generous noon check-out time, but the desk clerk gave us vouchers for free drinks. Then the bar gave us an extra two free drinks for our adult children. They didn't even flinch when I ordered a $9 chocolate martini. Also good--the location is close to everything, the trolley to the Navy Pier, the Gold Coast, the subway, river tours, and it is ON the magnificent mile. If you're a shopper, you'll like it. Although we didn't have a tub, the shower was marble and very chic. The bed was comfortable and they supplied a free relaxation CD kit, which was interesting but not relaxing.  Not so good--the lobby is on the third floor and there are only two elevators to get there, whereupon you have to board another set of elevators to get to your room. We often took the stairs to get to the lobby so not to wait too long. This is not a hotel for kids. There is no pool, which surprised me, this being a four-star hotel and all. The rooms were decorated okay, but a chair was badly stained in the corner of one room. I couldn't see paying full price for this room unless your business is picking up the tab.	
Aug 1 2004	Great old hotel	This is a great old hotel, located on a nice corner of Michigan Ave and Huron. (a little noisy, but we sleep with a fan, so that helped) The staff is very kind and they try hard to meet your travel needs. I would warn anyone who is thinking about staying here, though, the less expensive rooms are very very very very very small, so we had to upgrade to a suite, which was very nice, but of course, more expensive. But nice. Nicest bed I have ever slept in, as far as a hotel goes. If you aren't a TV watcher, the smaller room would be okay, but if you like to watch TV, you will be disappointed, cause for some strange reason, they put the TV's to the side of the bed.......I don't know about you, but I like to get under the covers and surf chanels at night, and you would break your neck watching TV if you stayed in the smaller rooms. The suite had the TV located at the end of the bed, making much more sense and nicer on the neck! Also, the restaurant in the hotel is nice for breakfast, but don't order dinner there. UGH. This really is a nice old hotel, but it is geared to older adults, not much there for little ones or teenagers, so if you are an older adult who likes old hotels with great location...this is the place for you. I will stay there again, but this time, I know to order a suite!	
Jul 19 2004	Had a great time at the Allerton	Just got back from staying at Allerton and I liked it a lot. After doing an early check in we got to the room and it was smaller than normal hotel rooms but for two people It was nice. I was pleased with the remoldeled look at the hotel. Although a few minor problems I wasn't concerned because they could happen anywhere (ie. forgotton washcloths, delivary of towel to wrong room). If you have read the other reviews I can testify that the elevators are small and there are only 3 elevators for 20 something floors...Thankfully we were on the 6th floor and could take the stairs to the 3rd floor which is where the lobby and elevator to the ground are. This hotel is central to everything you want to be close to...Free Trolly, several malls, shops, food, Walgreens (came in handy at 2am), and much more. I would stay here again.	
Jul 3 2004	A Gem on the Mag Mile	When we arrived at the Allerton, we were upgraded to a suite as Priority Club members. The kind man who checked us in at a desk in the lobby listened to our preferences and found the perfect room. We booked online at the hotel's site and received an excellent rate, so I found the upgrade a pleasant surprise.The service was exceptional and the bellmen were extremely helpful and pleasant.I'm partial to older hotels that have been remodeled. The Allerton has much character and with that may come smaller rooms and elevators. It's worth it.We loved our 17th room with a marvelous distant view of the Water Tower and Lake Michigan. Well thought out details. Great location with steps away from many restaurants. We would return.	
Jun 21 2004	Disappointment in the Windy City	Though the location is as good as it gets and the rooms and hotel are clean and appealing, rooms are very small, elevator service is very inconvenient and road noise is loud.	
Jun 14 2004	We Had A Good Time !!	Just returned from a workshop at the Allerton Crowne Plaza. My husband and I stayed there along with two kids. We were given a handicap accessible room which included a sleeper sofa with a second tv in a separate area. I would consider it a mini-suite layout. This was a big plus w/ 2 kids.Since I was there for a workshop, I was able to sample their food and it was excellent. Also, I highly recommend the room service pizza.Overall, a great place to stay. Elevator service can be a bit slow and I did hear some fellow workshop attendees complaining about small rooms; but we had a good time and would not hesitate to return.	
Apr 27 2004	In The Thick of It!!!	From start to finish this was a good deal!Good service and sensational location! Rooms &amp; elevators are on the small side - however to walk out and into the thick of the Mag Mile was exceptional! No robe in the bathroom as advertised.All other room amenities were above average -cleanliness of rooms - cd - hotel staff and restaurant! I'd stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Apr 5 2004	perfect	the hotel is right in the middle of the magic mile. near the lake, countless restaurants, the hancock building (highly recommend for night viewing), and other attractions all within walking distance. also very near to the train. the staff was courteous, and quite helpful with assistance and local info--especially the bellmen. the hotel was beautiful. our room was quite small, just big enough for the bed, small desk, and tv, but it was still very nice, and we had a view of the water from our window. my only regret--bringing a car. you don't need one here, and it's $20-35 per day to park anywhere downtown. next time i'll fly, and i'll be back to the allerton.	
Apr 2 2004	Good for Business Travel	My wife stayed with me here while I was on business. There was much to like-- the location is excellent, the concierge was extremely helpful and the room was quiet. I asked for a room that was quiet and had a good view -- I got one of the two. My room was quiet, but looked out on a fire escape. When my wife and I were looking for a quick, casual, but nice dinner (a difficult combination) the concierge sent us to just the right place and got us to the head of the long line. For the business traveller the services were OK. Free high-speed internet (faster than my cable modem) was a plus. Only negatives were the broken sink faucet and toilet that never quite flushed right. If you're going to be busy in Chicago anyway, this is a decent combination of good price and location.	
Feb 21 2004	Great stay with family	Stayed here with three children in late December, 2003. Location is great for American Girl Place and other shopping. Staff was really outstanding to the children, providing us with &quot;front of the line&quot; passes for Walnut Room and coupons for Hancock tower. Very friendly. Also, my Priority Club gold got us an upgraded room. Late December is not a busy time so rooms were probably more available, and ours was wonderful. All this at a ridiculously low internet rate. But I was most impressed at how comfortable I felt staying there with children.	
Jan 8 2004	Shopping in Chicago is a breeze	We ended up here after purchasing a room on Hotwire.com. I found the other positive reviews to be very accurate. The elevators were the only bummer. They were tiny and quite often too full to accept passangers. The good part -it was great to step out the door and be right in the thick of things. The subway was about a five minute walk away and we were able to take the subway from Midway aiport to the hotel at 11:00 at night without any problems. Just so you know, Chicago Rapid Transit Cards work like a money card that you can add money to and use multiple times. The machines don't give change back. We also bought the Museum City-pass card (five museums and the Hancock observatory for about half the price) and were able to get our money's worth for that. It was great to walk up to the city-pass desk and bypass the big lines for tickets. We had a great first visit to Chicago. Thanks to all you fellow Trip-advisor users. :)	
Dec 3 2003	Location!		
Nov 2 2003	Allerton Chicago!		
Oct 30 2003	Great Hotel		
Oct 29 2003	Nice Place to Stay in Chicago		
Oct 1 2003	Worst Hotel I've stayed at in terms of meeting expectations		
Sep 30 2003	A pleasant stay		
Sep 11 2003	Great location but....		
Aug 23 2003	We Don't uave to care......we're on Michigan Ave.		
Jul 7 2003	Loved the Allerton Crown Plaza		
Dec 19 2002	Allerton Crowne Plaza		
Oct 12 2009 	gute Lage kleines Zimmer wenig drumherum		
Sep 6 2009 	Excellent choix		
Jul 13 2009 	Mal inicio pero con solución		
Apr 28 2009 	Hotel charmant convivial bien situé		
Mar 9 2009 	Ottima posizione		
Sep 22 2007 	Attention aux chambres au dessous du 20ème étage!		
