Nov 23 2009 	Don't be put off. Get a lake view room.	At the end of five weeks travelling we took a punt on this one. The King Room with lake view was worth every penny, and it wasn't really that expensive. We loved this place. A bit like a colourful aunt who has had plastic surgery along the way and some of it has gone a bit wrong. Sure the renovations don't quite match and the painters clearly took numerous long lunches. The room and bathroom were clean and fresh, the bed comfortable and the view to die for. Superb little breakfast place just down the road (turn left at the entrance, you'll know it when you get there). Centrally located and everything we were looking for in a one night stopover before we boarded the California Zephyr. Would go back again. Staff friendly and helpful although we don't understand why this place has been targetted by the Unionists - our understanding was that very few workplaces in the USA allow Union membership?	
Nov 21 2009 	Works for the Price	Older hotel but less expensive than most and gets you to the part of Chicago you want to be in.	
Nov 9 2009 	DIDN'T EVEN GO IN...	I arrived to find that workers at the Congress have been on strike for SIX YEARS and to stay there is crossing a picket line. I couldn't believe that there was no heads up about the strike before I arrived in Chicago... &quot;Today, Chicago housekeepers earn $14.60 an hour, while the Congress Hotel still pays 2002 wages – just $8.83 an hour. &quot;	
Nov 3 2009 	Make up your own mind	My 3 friends and I spent 2 nights at the Congress Plaza on the way to Nashville for a Sweet Adelines Barbershop competition. This was meant to give a couple of days to adapt to the time difference and get into the American way of doing things.I have to say we had a great time at the Congress Plaza. The location was the fab, close to everything you need and plenty of taxis, tour buses if you dont want to walk. The interior of the Congress Plaza is very stylish and although a little tired still has that good feeling factor. The staff were extremely friendly and the beds were the most comfortable we had all week - including the ones at the Marriot hotel at London Heathrow. The bedroom was spacious and plenty of room for 4 adults to get round, although the wardrobe would not be enough if the stay was longer than a couple of days.On the down side the position of the bathroom was too close to the bedroom and the bedroom wasnt cleaned between the 2 nights. We had to ask for clean toweels but the staff were very amenable and nothing was too much trouble.On balance we would definitely stay here again. In spite of the corridors reminding us of The Shining and us expecting the twins coming round the corner - 'come play with us'. We had a lot of fun at the Congress Plaza and would recommend it to anyone as good value for money.	
Oct 30 2009 	Don't stay here!	Maybe there are nice rooms here, but certainly not on the backside, where the El goes by every 2 minutes, just beyond the 400-car parking lot outside the window. Stalinist architecture, Stalinist decor. If there is an amenity to skip, they do: including hot water and clean coffee makers. Styrofoam cups, one packet of bad coffee, pay for your own Internet, &amp; if you want to watch tv in bed, bring binoculars - my iPhone almost has a bigger screen. The lounge is a dive; the restaurant is worse.	
Oct 22 2009 	Ok for the price. Great for just sleeping.	We went with a group of 4 women for a girls weekend. The location is great-within walking distance of Grant Park and Michigan Ave. The hotel is older--the front desk and lobby is beautiful. The rooms are a little run down. We actually found a condom wrapper hidden inside the phone book!! The beds are a little firm but pillow are nice. The room was clean and the bathroom was also. The bathroom was actually a nice size. We had a double full-size room. The view was ok-just a peak of Grant park. Apparently the other side of the hotel has beautiful views of the water. Bell service was a little slow when we went to leave, but overall a nice stay. If you want a hotel for all kinds of amenaties and have room service, spa and whatever, this probably isn't the place for you.	
Oct 19 2009 	Only if price is a concern....	We were in town for the Chicago Marathon and selected the hotel because of its location right across the street from the start/finish line of the marathon, and because it was much cheaper than other nearby hotels. We were there for 3 nights.Pros: location is great (close to the train system/public transportation, Field/Shedd Aquarium, Art Institute walking distance, right across the street from the race), the room was not dirty, the flat screen TV was nice with more cable channels that we've had at some other hotels, we had water pressure (painfully so much water pressure at times), they allowed us to check in super early (10 a.m.), after checking out, we were able to leave our luggage with the bell man and pick it up later in the afternoon.Cons: the room and decor was extremely dated and not really pleasant to be in, the bed was like someone draped a sheet over asphalt, not just firm/hard - we could also feel individual springs, we were provided with only 2 cheap pillows total, so propping yourself up in bed to watch TV at night was uncomfortable, and the pillows were about 6 inches high with no give, so they were uncomfortable to sleep on, the radiator/heater in the room sounded like two squirrels were fighting all night (loud thunking noises) we were placed in the &quot;Buckingham&quot; wing on the second floor, so we heard EVERYTHING- including a fight that broke out between two cabbies, constantly honking horns, the train, and the best was at 12:30 a.m. the night before the marathon, the picketers mentioned in other reviews who came through banging buckets, tooting whistles, blowing air horns and shouting/chanting. This lasted for about an hour. Between the uncomfortable bed, heater/radiatior and picketers, I didn't sleep well any of the 3 nights we stayed there. To be fair, friends who stayed there at the same time for the marathon in other rooms didn't have the same noise issues I did. However, after my uncomfortable stay, I would pay the extra money to stay somewhere nicer and not stay there again. Just not a comfortable experience.If you're taking a chance with this hotel due to location/cost, just ask NOT to be placed in the Buckingham wing.	
Oct 14 2009 	Friendly Staff Great Location... but needs some serious updating!	My fiancee and I went to Chicago for the marathon and were so excited to get such a great deal on a hotel across the street from Grant park and the marathon start/finish line. We were a little surprised when we checked into our room. Though the bathroom had been remodeled, the tile edges were unfinished, the base boards hadn't been painted, looked like a crazy patch up instead of a remodel. Our room faced the L and wasn't very sound proof so that kept us up the first night. The bedding was clean, though the bed was hard and not very comfortable. Nothing too horrible but not the nicest place to stay. The staff though, was amazing. It was a very busy weekend for them but they were all incredibly nice from the bartender, to housekeeping, the gift shop keeper and the doorman. I would recommend this hotel if you were looking for a great deal in a convenient location and didn't care so much about the luxuries!	
Oct 9 2009 	My third stay 	This was the last time that I stayed at the Congress Plaza Hotel. I have stayed there two other times, the first time in March of 2007. I chose this hotel because it was within a block of the campus of a college my son wanted to attend the following semester and I had never been to Chicago. Having lived in a large city and overseas in the past, I knew that driving and walking in unknown territory can be unwise when unfamiliar, I chose to be situated nearby to reduce the need for transportation as much as possible. I chose the Congress Plaza based on ratings, price, and location. My first stay was very favorable. The room was much nicer than I had expected. The staff was kind, friendly and very helpful. I found Chicago to be one of the most pleasant cities I have ever visited and I was delighted with the college that my son and his current undergraduate university had recommended. My first stay was a 3 night stay. I returned again in August, 2007 with my son and this time, my husband in tow. I was excited to show my husband not only the wonderful school his son would be attending but also the marvelous vistas of the lake and Grant Park with it's many museums, statues, and beautiful landscaping. When we arrived, we were assigned to a room at the most remote end of this enormous building, next to what I was told was the &quot;smoking&quot; annex of the hotel. Our &quot;view&quot; was a narrow alley that spanned approximately 15 feet to a windowless brick wall of another building. Over the course of the next three days, we endured our air conditioning malfunctioning with no apparent concern from hotel management to having a Chicago policeman knock on our door and demand that we pay 75 dollar per night because he was told we were smoking in the room. My final stay was in October of 2008 and while things weren't as bad, the room was still awful. Next time, I'm going to stay farther out. I'm used to Chicago now. I know where things are and am used to the mass transit system there. Staying on the Magnificant Mile is convenient and beautiful, but is either extraordinarily expensive or downright shoddy. Next time, I go for the in between and stay at one of the reasonbly priced and handsomely maintained hotels in one of the excellent neighborhoods nearby downtown Chicago.	
Oct 9 2009 	The Congress Plaza is a lot better than some people say on this site.	We chose the Congress on 3 factors: 1) it is in prime location in the loop, 2) it was the cheapest in that area-and anywhere downtown for that matter, and 3) the couple we traveled with stayed there in the spring. Our family of 4 (including twin 7 yr olds) liked it and would stay there again.We had clean rooms, yes they were old, but it seemed full of character. We had quick delivery of towels when we asked for more. The price was only $189/night. We walked everywhere we could; there was a Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts, and a Corner Bakery close by for mornings, and we shopped our way to the Hershey store on the other end of Michigan Ave. We did figure out the bus system for our trip to MSI and our night return from Navy Pier. It was around the corner and 1 short block from the train station (South Shore). The people at the hotel were nice enough...We had no complaints! Wait...we did: no Disney Channel, but we had a portable DVD player and watched a movie instead.	
Oct 9 2009 	Old run down rooms. Expected more.	My wife and I stayed at this hotel in early October. When I first arrived to do an early check in, the staff helped me with my request, but were not the most congenial or welcoming staff I had encountered. I was placed in an even numbered room on the 11th floor. The room had a decent city view, which became a problem which I will explain later. The king sized bed was decent but springy. The windows would only open 3 inches and the room would get uncomfortably warm at night due to the lack of temperature controls. The flat screen tv was adequate. The bathroom appeared worn, tucked into a small corner of the room adjacent to the bedroom. It was cramped and you could tell that they just replaced the floor with plastic waterproof &quot;tile&quot; on the floors and walls but you still see the cracks in the walls. The tub was slightly slanted so water which splashed on the sides would leak onto the floors. This was remedied by placing a towel on the floor.In the morning we were woken up by the numerous trains bringing people to the downtown loop. On the orange line, the &quot;Library&quot; stop is closest (about 3 blocks away) making it convenient to Midway Aiport (about 35 mins). That saved us money on a cab.We did not try the room service but did get a decent dinner salad from the downstairs steakhouse. The hotel is close to a Dairy Queen which is on the corner. A Starbucks is 2 blocks North of the hotel. Location is a plus as it is right on S Michigan Ave and we took a few walks up to N Michigan Ave where a lots of shops were located. Internet is available in the rooms. You have to pay for internet in the lobby as well. Overall, the hotel is old, service was subpar with location being the only redeeming quality of this hotel. I would not stay here again nor would I recommend this to others.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice Older Hotel	We stayed one night here and it was a nice older hotel (with I am sure lots of history behind it). The room was HUGE and bed was nice, we also had a great view of the fountain. It seemed like we never heard anyone come or go so that was nice b/c alot of times you hear doors slamming. One tip is if you have a car to park it your self, you will save some $$$ rather then using valet.	
Sep 27 2009 	Ok but old hotel.	I stayed in this hotel while in town for a marathon. My friends booked the hotel because of it's location to night life, but I was not interested in going out, since I was going to be running a race! It was a nice 30-minute walk to the Navy Pier, which was nice. The hotel is old, but instead of having a classic feel to it, it had more of a &quot;cheap&quot; feel to it. The lobby is gold and filled with red leather couches. My room was pretty depressing, and the old doors were so warped that the bathroom door wouldn't even close all of the way. The room service was friendly, but the cost was high for food that was sub-par in quality. Perhaps I was not willing to pay more for an old hotel, even when it's located on Michigan Avenue!	
Sep 18 2009 	Beautiful room great service	Room was lovely, carpet and all linens were clearly new. Bed was comfortable, towels were plush, carpet was plush. Yes, there were some picketers at front, but they ignored us, and we ignored them. Location was incredible, we walked to concert at Soldier Field, and many museums were within walking distance. Our hairdryer didn't work, they replaced it within moments of our call to front desk. The room next door lit up a cigarette, we called front desk, they immediately sent security. Our only complaint would be the lack of water pressure. It was pretty pathetic, but not so bad that I couldn't shower. I would definitely stay again.	
Sep 13 2009 	Avoid this hotel at all cost a 1-star hotel at best	If it weren't for the location there would be nothing about this hotel that was positive.The room was slightly larger than a walk in closet and stunk like a moldy basement. The bathroom door had a broken hinge and couldn't close. The toilet didn't want to flush. The TV reception was terrible. There were cigarette butts all over the window ledge in this non smoking room. The shower was a joke..no pressure and tepid water temp. The shower curtain was too short so water got everywhere. The floors looked dirty and the paint on the woodwork was all chipped. The hallway smelled worse than the room and needed repairs to the walls and baseboards. There were picketers outside who kept blowing loud shrill whistles as they picketed. It took the valet over 1/2 hour to get our car for us from the parking lot just around the corner. If we could have found another hotel we would have ran as fast as we could from this one. All in all, the worse hotel experience we ever had. And all this at a 3-4 star price, what a rip off.	
Aug 31 2009 	What a crap hole	I don’t know where to start… upon our arrival we were greeted by picketers, who we had no idea were striking, who yelled something at us as we were unloading. We get to the front desk and I asked about the friends outside. They said they had been there for 10 years didn’t I know that. I don’t live near Chicago so how the hell would I know that. Ok, we get the key to our room, ride the elevator up, unlock the door and guess what? Someone was already in there. My sense of security just hit a new low. We go back and they thought they had checked out already. Ops, new security low. They gave us the room next door which had a real funky smell. We took a shower and went out. When we got back the maid left 1 wash cloth, 2 hand towels and 1 bath towel. I called the front desk and she said would check to see if they had any left, yikes. She said they had some to come on down to the front desk. I explained I am a customer and felt she should bring them up. 10 minutes later Juan shows up with them and they smell like smoke. Our breakfast the next morning was weird. The waitress felt like she was doing us a service just waiting on us. The food was ok at best. I will never stay in this hotel again.	
Aug 18 2009 	Excellent hotel!	My friend and I stayed here for one night and LOVED it! Granted, we just used it as a place to crash in between our wanderings of the city, but it is definitely one of the best rooms I've ever stayed in. The ceilings were high, there was an amazing amount of space, and the beds were firm with plush bedding and pillows. I always make a point to take a pillow on any trip with me and this was the first time in a hotel that I didn't need it. The Congress is an especially awesome place if you like historic buildings. The only downside I could see is the noise from the train, but since I live by a railway at home it didn't bother me. It was actually more quiet than what I'm used to. I only encountered the staff while checking in and out and they were super friendly. The Congress was perfect walking distance to the Art Institute and the Skydeck, plus there are tons of restaurants nearby. I will definitely be staying here again!	
Aug 14 2009 	Historic hotel	I believe that some of the reviewers on this site have simply had a bad experience and decided to blame it all on the hotel. Granted, I stayed at this hotel two years ago, but I certainly did not have a &quot;roach motel&quot; experience. There were picketers across the street when we stayed at the Congress, but they were certainly out of the way and of no consequence to us. There are definitely portions of the hotel that seem abandoned, but rather than thinking it was &quot;haunted&quot;, we just thought it was kind of a neat old place. My boyfriend had fun exploring while I was sleeping in one morning.As for the rooms, they are definitely spacious. The bed was comfortable, and our air conditioner and bathroom fixtures all worked properly. These are the things I ask of a hotel room. I don't care much about the extras, because I don't go to Chicago to hang out in the room. We did have a GORGEOUS view of Grant Park. Our first night there they had fireworks over the lake and we had a tremendous view of that. However, we did have friends on another floor who were right by the train tracks, so I guess it just depends on luck and which room you are in.The only negative experience I had was when I tried to check my car out of the valet parking. I turned in my slip well before the 11 am checkout time, but they took almost half an hour to bring the car up, and then proceeded to charge me for another day ($20 I believe) because it had then passed check out time.Overall, my stay at the Congress was fine. Not contemporary, but certainly not the disaster area other people have made it out to be.	
Aug 7 2009 	Disturbing yet fascinating	Have you ever gone exploring in an abandoned house? If you have, you know what it’s like to stay at the Congress Plaza. It’s fascinating to go around and see all the old, forgotten stuff, and yet there’s a sense of unease that permeates the whole experience. As a hotel, the place is adequate, barely. It has hot showers and comfortable beds, but the whole place is dirty, beat up, and tremendously creepy. I like old stuff, and the place still gave me the willies. We were in town for the Rock ‘N Roll Marathon, and Its location across the street from Grant Park was extremely convenient for that. But unless you have a specific reason to be in that exact location and can’t afford to stay at the nearby Hilton or the Blackstone, you’ll find a lot of better places downtown for about the same price.The Congress Plaza may be barely functional as a hotel, but it’s pretty fascinating as a sort of museum of bad remodeling ideas and forgotten antiques. For example, we stayed in the “Buckingham Wing,” a six-story addition to the original hotel that looks like it was tacked on in the 1960s and promptly forgotten. The interior still has all the tacky 1960s touches you can imagine (gold-flecked tile, unnecessary spiral staircases, etc etc), while the exterior is clad in plastic panels that in no way match the rest of the building. I’m sure it seemed like a good idea when they built it.There’s stuff like that all over. The bar has what must be the world’s oldest popcorn machine—it’s made of oak. Just sitting in the corner, forgotten. The basement wall is lined with walk-in wooden iceboxes. The hallways appear to have their original 1890s woodwork, under about 100 coats of peeling paint. And perhaps creepiest of all, the famously haunted 12th floor has a door that’s screwed shut from the outside.All pretty cool to look at. But I wouldn’t want to stay there again.	
Jul 23 2009 	outraged by a nasty rip off	The hotel is nice ,great location facing Grant park on Michegan Avenue a new flat screen Tv and slightly shabby room was ok for US 89 a night.I did not eat the buffet breakfast as i felt $18 was too much money even if it did include ones coffee.All was fine until the day of my departure when under my door arrived a bill for $115 for storage of 4 items sent to me in Chicago and stored by the hotel for my arrival for a period of 1 to 3 days as items arrived for a trade show.when questioning the manager about this I asked if they charged for suit cases to be stored ( no !!!) The hotel manager was firm and said the boxes 2 were heavy and even though were delivered by courier company to hotel were to be paid for !!I have had boxes delivered to hotels from Peking to Melbourne to Munich, Innsbruck Paris over 20 years and never ever been charged WHY ? There was no indication by the hotel for this as the products were shipped in !!! I feel ripped offTraveller beware !!! A nasty Scam	
Jul 14 2009 	It's Haunted in there for sure!	I stayed there on a company trip so didn't actually pick this hotel. All I know is it was definitely haunted. I was laying on my bed and the curtain moved to the side as if somebody was peeking at me. Then my friend said she heard someone whistling in our room when she was in the bathroom. She looked out and nobody was in there...it happened 3 times. I had NO idea this hotel was even haunted until I told my friend about it and he looked the hotel up for me. He sent me the link about it...this hotel is one of the most haunted hotels in Chicago! I wish I had known this before I stayed there! The hallways look like the hallways from that movie 'The Shinning'The bed was super uncomfortable...the room was absolutely freezing! It was so hot out too. I had to ask the bell guy for a lot of extra blankets and my friend and I were still freezing!!!! So I then asked them how to turn the heater on and they said they only turn on the hotel heater during the winter time. He came back to our room and felt how cold it was so then searched the hotel for a portable heater for us. thank God he found one....it somewhat helped a little. The hotel seemed really pretty downstairs...but the rooms I didn't like very much at all. I felt like I was staying in a old Grandmas room. Anyways...if you guys like ghost...then yeah sure...stay at this hotel lol...	
Jul 4 2009 	Not bad for an older hotel	Just stayed at the Congress for the July 3rd Chicago fireworks. It's a great location to see the fireworks because you can see them from right in front of the hotel and then go back into your room and avoid the craziness of the crowds. It's not a bad hotel if you don't mind feeling like you could be in the same era as Lucy and Ricky Ricardo. Other than a strong cleaning fluid smell and plastic water cups at Rafael's Steakhouse for dinner, we had no complaints. The excercise room was not much to talk about and the breakfast buffet should definitely be skipped. Other than that we might make this hotel our 4th of July vacation place to stay. I would get rooms that face the fireworks next time, however.	
Jun 16 2009 	Avoid this Hotel Unless you have no other choices	The Congress Hotel could be a great Chicago institution, but instead has remained a low-cost last choice or unwitting choice hotel for many. While the hotel enjoys a wonderful location and an excellent location, it is not well run and is not in good repair. Additionally, the hotel has been home to union pickets for years and the hotel management has still not resolved the management issues, which very much impacts service.	
Jun 11 2009 	Value for money	I booked this place through an acquintance at Chicago. We stayed here for 10 days and must say its a really great hotel. Also known as the home of presidents because in the past, many a US presidents and foreign heads of states stayed here, Congress plaza is located right in the heart of downtown Chicao on Michigan Avenue. The view is awesome, facing lake michigan and Buckingham fountain. As we had busienss meetings at CBoT, CBoE, CME etc we could easily walk our way through. Although hotel is priced economically the food and water are bit pricey or at least seemed to me coming from a cheaper place like India.There is a departmental store around the corner where one can buy water etc at lower rate.	
Jun 9 2009 	Central location at reasonable price	The rooms on the inner side ( facing the roof of the lobby ) were pathetic. requested for a change. Changed room was good, stayed for a week.Hotel is very old, interiors are also old. Attitude of some of the ladies at front desk was not co operative. All this was compromised with the central location of the hotel. Other facilities are not up to mark. For better price book through other web sites. The hotel do not give good rates when you approach direct. For extension of stay also I had to go through other sites for better price.	
Jun 5 2009 	Lots of space!	We were there last year and we really enjoyed the room size and it's cleanliness. It's in a nice place (just on Michigan Av.) but you´ll have to walk some blocks to get to Millenium Park (first) and the Magnificent Mile (later). Walking in Chicago (most beautiful city in the world) is fantastic if it's not too cold, or too windy. If you're ok with that kind of weather, then you'll enjoy the views from the hotel to the hot spots of the city.	
Jun 4 2009 	Great place -- don't listen to the bad reviews!	So, not sure if they've completely renovated or not -- but a lot of the bad reviews are not warranted! At the very least, we had a completely positive experience at the Congress!It's central location and the El is very close, so its easy to get everywhere! The room was huge -- gorgeous high ceilings, clean carpets, new furniture, extremely comfy beds. The only thing that I'd want is a littttle more hot water and extra towels b/c I like big towels and a lot of them.Like I said, it is close to the El so depending on where your room is situated, you might hear the rumbling of trains (they aren't frequent) but the sound from this was negligible. Note that me and my roomie are also New Yorkers, so sounds don't bother us like they might bother people who aren't used to hearing trains/sirens/etc at night. Overall, definitely would come back here again!	
May 19 2009 	It is what it is...	Average all of the reviews, and you have things about right. My bet is that some rooms are really good...others not so. We just returned from a weekend in Chicago to see the sights. Bought the Go Chicago card, and used the Grey Line hop on - hop off to get around. We had a standard king room in the south tower on the 13th floor, and observations are as follows:The Good:Price - good for downtown from what we could see..it seems downtown Chicago is very expensive..Location - Excellent, 5 minutes from the art institute, 15 - 20 min walk from planetarium and aquarium, right across the road from Grant Park, near the Grey Line stop, and a pretty easy walk to anywhere in the Loop, with good restaurants close by. Lots to do, so we were'nt in our room very much.The room and linens were clean, the breakfast downstairs was good, and the staff where friendly and the bed was great.The 'Could be better&quot;This place is really OLD. They where doing renovations constantly while we were there, and I get the feeling that they try to do what they can on a budget without gutting the whole place. Someone described the hotel as 'quirky'. I would add 'utilitarian'. If you want a luxury hotel experience, this is not the place to be.spend an extra 100.00 per night. and go somewhere else. If you want a place to sleep at a reasonable price for downtown, it's OK. Be prepared for noisy bathroom fans, doors that might squeek or stick a bit...outdated curtains , wallpaper and decor. The place also has some hidden charm...old marble staircases, old style elevators, etc.Would I recommend it? If you are on a budget, only need a place to sleep, and plan to be outside most of the time...then yeah.	
May 18 2009 	This place stinks!	My husband and I stayed here one night and that was too long. We picked this hotel because of its location and reasonable price for downtown Chicago. First of all, the picketers out front were severely annoying. They don't move at all for guests trying to check in. They seriously need to give it up after protesting for years from what I heard, learn how to speak English, and look for housekeeping jobs elsewhere. The Lakeview King smoking room we reserved reeked of chemical air freshener the entire time, even after opening both sets of windows. Granted, it was a smoking room, and my husband smokes, but hell, I'd much rather smell cigarettes than overpowering chemical air freshener fumes. Come to find out, the chemical air freshener was immersed within the room's heating unit, so there was no way to eliminate it. That smell made both of us physically ill. I suppose we could've requested a different room, but I'm sure they have that stench in all the smoking rooms. The final straw was when my husband woke up at 6:00am, gagging, then vomiting due to that hideous smell. We couldn't take any more of it, so we checked out around 6:30am. Never again will we stay here, even if offered a free stay.	
May 9 2009	A Great Introduction to Chicago Style and Class!	What a splendid way to experience Chicago for the first time! My mother and I recently stayed at the Congress Plaza Hotel on my first trip to Chicago and we fell in love with the hotel right away. The staff were friendly, helpful and professional at all times. The hotel decor and architecture hearken back to an age of polish and class. From the beautiful lobby to the gleaming marble floors and staircase, I was very pleased. We shared a room with 2 kingsize beds on the 12th floor. The view from our room was superb. The beds were comfy and clean, as was the entire room. As for location, the Congress Plaza cannot be beat. Situated in The Loop on Michigan Avenue, you are literally within 1 or 2 blocks from: Lake Michigan, the El Train depot, the Art Institute of Chicago, CVS Pharmacy, Buddy Guy's Legends Blues Club and great food. (Hint: Go to the CVS on State St. to purchase a 3-day EL Train pass.)I am definitely coming back to Chicago and my room will be at the Congress Plaza Hotel.	
Mar 30 2009 	Nice Place	The Congress Hotel is a beautiful place to stay. We stayed in the Lakeview King room, which had a huge plush bed, a flat panel tv, and a marble bathroom. I was amazed with the room. The room wasn't cheap, but you get what you pay for. This place is amazing. The staff is quite friendly and even checked us in early!!	
Mar 13 2009 	A roach motel is better than this place!!!	will never stay in this crap hole ever again!! wallpaper falling down, shower knob fell off in my hand, and hot as hell! no thermostats in room, when i call the front desk they told me to open my window, okay sure downtown like you can sleep with the sirens, and the trains! the staff is nice but the hotel is the crapiest place wouldnt recommend to my worst enemy!!!	
Feb 26 2009 	Historical Dated Charm in a Modern City	I booked this hotel on a 4 day getaway with my best friend. Despite reading some negative reviews on this hotel, we found the stay quite pleasurable. We stayed on the 8th floor on the North Tower. The room was clean, linens were clean and although the bathroom was small - we found it pleasing. There were no picketers to be found - except about a block away on Michigan Ave.All in all, I found the hotel very charming because of its history and character. It's a bit of a shame that it's received such bad publicity and its maintenance has been neglected. If the necessary money and effort was put into renovating and restoring the hotel back to its original glory, this hotel would no doubt be a competitor for chain-brand hotels.This hotel is in no way suitable for those who are 'high-maintenance' and desire 21st century amenities. But for those who possess some good historical appreciation, then perhaps this hotel would do the trick.	
Feb 23 2009 	Compromise Severly for the price you pay. Terrible and DO NOT STAY	My wife and I stayed at this hotel largely due to the price, location and because some reviewers before us claimed that this hotel is acceptable and good. By no means am I a 'high-maintenance' person but there were many key things that I did not agree with.1) Our Lake view room was renovated only in the bathroom. Everything except the LCD TV seemed to be at least 30 years old and run-down. There was a musty smell in the air and unfortunately the windows were painted shut. From the 12th floor we could hear the street noise below, this was not the worst of our problems.2) The water in the bathroom did not get hot. We called the front desk after 30 minutes of waiting for hot water and we were assured that a maintenance person would come. After 1 hour of waiting for him my wife took a cold shower and we went to bed.3) At midnight people started talking, it turned out that they were from next door and the rooms are not insulated for noise at all very well. We heard EVERYTHING that was being discussed.4) Although I asked them to quiet down, our neighbors ignored us. It turns out that we were next door to Honeymooners and the bride was bickering with her bridesmaid. Believe me when I say that the content of their discussion should not have fallen on other people's ears.5) At 2:30 am I stormed to the Front Desk to complain about the previous 4 points. We were assured that we would be moved the next morning. One great thing was that the night-manager was very accomodating and apologetic.6) The new room - We were moved to the South Tower in a room that was possibly the 18 or 19th floor. We were so furious that we had so little sleep that we dumped our bags and left to see Chicago. The room was similarly appointed as the first room and was very warm, there was no thermostat available however the widnow did open. The musty smell was quite a bit stronger in this room and we thought that it would be a good idea to air out the room a bit. 7) 9PM We got back to our room only to see that the musty air did not escape the room and although the window was open for all of a November's day, it made little difference with the room's heat. I'd have preferred to have slept with loud neighbors than be surrounded by a warm musk.8) Check out - We waited quite a while to check out, the front staff rushed us out and was not at all acomodating. I asked about compensation for the terrible rooms and got nothing but a &quot;Sorry you did not enjoy your stay&quot;. My only thought was to warn others on tripadvisor.comOverall - If you are looking for just a cheap place to lay your head, I would still not recommend this hotel. The rooms were old, musty and I would not at all recommend going to get ice at anytime in the evening. The walk to the ice machine was a maze of dark corridors truly showing the hotels age and unkept assets. I am not exaggerating when I say that 2 minute walk to the ice machine creeped me out.The good side of this hotel is that the bellhops were as friendly as can be. The location is great and the price was right. For my future trips to Chicago I would definately spend a few more dollars and stay elsewhere. It is clear that this hotel was likely one of great prestige and honour however it is obvious that those days are long gone. You have been warned with this hotel!	
Jan 30 2009 	Our Favorite Chicago Hotel	Our annual January weekend in Chicago is a combination of business and pleasure, the pleasure being our stay at the Congress. We've been doing this for a lot of years now, and have never had a bad stay at the Congress. Our room this time was on the 11th floor of the North Tower -- a Lake View King, which was newly renovated. A suite had been split to create two rooms, so everything in the bath was brand new, as was the carpeting and flat-screen TV. An outlet strip ran around the perimeter of the walls, giving you plenty of places to plug in if needed. New wall paper has the new Congress Hotel logo pattern, as do the towels and bed linens (nice down comforter).Hotel staff were helpful and pleasant, as usual, including the &quot;Consierge&quot;, Joseph, who has become a fixture at the Congress. We only had breakfast at the hotel, but it was excellent with fast service. We're already looking forward to returning in January 2010!	
Jan 29 2009 	Hated It!!	First of all, the only reason I stayed at this Hotel is because the person I was traveling with recommended it. In order for me to travel I must stay at a Hotel that I feel totally comfortable at. This Hotel was not that! When I first viewed the Hotel online the appearance was that of colonial grandure. It gave the history of the Hotel and I said, &quot;Wow this is going to be cool!. NOT!!. When we first arrived at the Hotel there were people in front of the Hotel picketing. The employee's were on strike, so that made me a little cautious. Once we got passed the picketing and entered the Hotel I had no complaints, the lobby was gorgeous and quite busy with patrons (Good sign, so I thought). As we proceeded to check-in I noticed a dirty, rotten smell. I have allergies so the slightest smell sets my sinuses off ( I should have realized this was a sign of things to come). Checked-In, proceeded to our room, which appeared to be in Egypt. Opened the door and to our surprise the room was horrible!!! It looked like something out of the TV Series &quot;Good Times&quot;. The drapes were supposed to be white but were a dingy yellow color, the carpet had no padding under it, and the beds were calf high. The television set was not modern at all, it was something out of the early 1970's. Looked outside our 27th story window and we were enclosed by buildings with no fire escape. The room was hot, and stayed hot (It was the middle of August). The air conditioner did not work and the windows did not open. The bathroom was not too bad, (I would have rather slept in the bathroom in comparison to our bed's). The room came with a microwave, there was food left over from whomever stayed there previously. It was horrible!!!! This is not a Hotel I recommed to anyone! I felt uncomfortable during the whole stay. I normally stay at Hotel's I am accustomed to, unfortunately I followed a friend and this is the Hotel she chose. This Hotel was recommeded to her by a friend and after her and I stayed here she will not recommend this hotel &quot;Congress Hotel&quot; to anyone. Of course you can check it out for yourself, but I recommend staying at a place that you feel confortable at. Unfortunately, after we walked into the Hotel and saw the room and all that it had to offer, we wanted to checkout and go somewhere else, but everything in Chicago was booked that weekend. A word of advise, please do your homework before staying at the &quot;Congress Hotel&quot;.	
Dec 28 2008 	This place is a little bizarre	This is one strange hotel. If I had to pick two words, I'd say &quot;dated&quot; and &quot;quirky&quot;. It's definitely a long way from the major corporate business hotels...from the picket lines outside the door, to the vintage 1950's lobby decor, to the chipped-paint rooms with the high-def monitors oddly wired in.It's habitable, it's pretty clean, it'll do...a very good locations.I don't have any real outstanding complaints; it's just not quite up to standard.	
Dec 18 2008 	Perfect Location	You can't beat this hotel for the price and location. We got upgraded to a lake view room and it was BEAUTIFUL. My friend and I spent time just sitting in front of the window gazing at the beautiful view. The location is perfect. We didn't have a car, but you could walk everywhere - museum, pier, shopping on the mile, etc. Be sure to sneak around and look in some of the ball rooms. The movie &quot;Return to Me&quot; was filmed here!! We had so much fun exploring this old hotel.	
Dec 13 2008 	Good value for the price	I booked a couple of rooms at the Congress Plaza Hotel for friends and I was very satisfied......the price was actually quite low for a Michigan Avenue address! The location is a block or so south of the Chicago Art Institute, within walking distance of just about anywhere downtown...great location. The staff was courteous, rooms were small, but clean - beds were comfortable and there was a flat screen tv and tiled bathroom and shower. Carpet abit worn, but clean, bedding was very nice. I think this is very good value for the price. Park One, parking lot, is right behind the hotel...very convenient, and costs less to park for 24 hours than most anywhere else in the downtown area. -plus it's an in/out lot so you can go in and out as much as you want during the 24 hour period. There were several cafes serving breakfast on Michigan Avenue that weren't expensive and better than what most hotels offer for bed and breakfast. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a clean, well located hotel with friendly staff at a good price.	
Dec 8 2008 	Worst Hotel ever....Never Again	well first off i booked this hotel because i needed a cheap place to stay for my sister, husband, and me . the night before she had her surgery. We had to have valet parking, never again, they drove her car like it was the indy 500. The outside of the hotel was under construction, when we walked inside, it looked nice in the lobby. however the desk clerk was not very friendly. it was very quiet there, not many others. We took the elevator to our room. we walked down the halls, they was very dark. Entered our room, that looked ghetto as hell. Reminded me of something from lincolns time or sometime. it was definately not updated to the present time. The carpet was this ugly red , it was tape down at the door way with black tape. The beds were not inviting by any means The toilet paper holder, and electric oulet feel outta the wall. how safe is that. The remote didnt work for the tv.; i felt disgusting staying in this hotel. The next morning when we went to get her car, we got our car and it was parked in a very dark area. Itt was sooo disgusting, Looked like a place you could get robbed or car jacked. we didnt stay there another night. end up staying at the hospital. never again, i wont go back.	
Dec 8 2008 	Lovely Character/ Warm Atmosphere	I have stayed at many hotels in Chicago and I found the Congress Plaza Hotel to have the most charm and character. From the moment we walked into the door, we were impressed with the character and history of this beautiful building. We were even more pleased when we open the door to our hotel room, which was bigger than some apartments I've had.The hotel was very clean and the staff was very polite. If we hadn't known our way around the city, the hotel was great because it has its own bar and restaurants. Plus, it is conveniently located across from the beautiful Grant Park even in the winter!Overall, it was a great experience and I will return to the Congress Hotel on my next trip to Chicago.	
Nov 30 2008 	Very good place!	ok, first of all I was very scared with all the bad reviews I read here... this was my 4th or 5th time in chicago, and all the previous times i had stayed in the hostel.. so thats what Im used to...but the hostel was full this time and as I wanted to be close to that area, i decided to stay in the Congress...well I got there at 8 am and the woman at the reception told me that she could only check me in at 9 am but then I left all my luggage with the bellman, who was very nice. I stayed in the north tower, 5th floor, the room was clean, sheets were clean, it was not very dark, the bathroom was ok, no bathtub, it had hot water working properly...when I'm travelling I just look for a good place to sleep, and the Congress was very good for me, especially considering its price comparing to all the other hotels in downtown...the wallpapers were ok...I really have no complaints about the room at all, except for the view, but as I was in the cheapest room I could not complain about it, and if I wanted to see a good view, I simply would have to cross michigan avenue...so really, this hotel is really good for someone who wants a good and clean place for sleep. If i ever need to stay in there again, I'll do it with no problem.. and also staff was very helpful in all my requests...really great surprise after all the bad reviews I read here	
Nov 10 2008	Great Hotel Great Location Great Experience!	First let me say, if you are reading some of these reviews you are most likely feeling ike I was feeling,doubtful and nervous! I booked this hotel for a first time trip to Chicago for myself, my best friend, my mother-in-law and her best friend. After reading some of the horrible reviews on here I was so nervous that I had made a huge mistake and I was about to undergo some of the worst criticism yet once my party had seen this place. I even appologized in advance and forewarned my party about some of the reviews. We were all plesantly surprised. First let me tell you about the location. Right at the heart of Michicgan ave in the downtown area. Beautiful views and large buildings surrounded this area and it really gave the Chiacgo feel. When we arrived we were greeted by the nicest bellman who immediatley started assisting us with our luggage. Yes there was a picket line, but it only consisted of about 2 or 3 poeple who were just as nice. They didn't yell any rude things to us or make us feel bad for staying here at all. The staff was great and helpful and always ready to assist with anything they could. The hotel decor was my favorite. Is this hotel old? Heck yeah it is, but is it beautiful? Heck yeah it is! The culture and history of this place is great. I didn't smell any gross odor or see blood on the elevator shafts. Now for the rooms. We were on the 8th floor of the Buckingham tower. The room was huge and very clean. The bathroom was huge as well with a good size closet. Our room attendant was excellent and the beds were very comfortable with NO BED BUGS! I think it to be sad that some people said such horrible things about this hotel. I'm not saying none of that bad stuff happened, but maybe the Hotel has upgraded since then or something because I will definately stay here again. If your really into newer hotels and love the upscale side of things, then this is not for you. This hotel is for people who can appreciate history and culture and don't mind the little things.	
Nov 7 2008 	great experience	I read all the bad reviews before i booked my stay at this hotel.. and i was preparing for the worse.. I did wanted to stay at this hotel because of the price and location, I just stayed for one weekend and i gotta say that everything turned out to be great.. Location: excelent, I went to chicago to participate in the men's health urbanathlon, so it was very well located since the race started and finished just in front of the hotel.Price: very economic.Services: great, hot water all the time inmediatly at the shower, flat screen TV, nice and comfortable beds, nice carpet.. nice view Overall i spent a great time at this hotel, the antique look of the hotel was nice also.. staff friendly and the people on strike outside didn't bother me at all.	
Nov 6 2008 	Not as bas as many reviewers want you to think.	Stayed here for one night for Obama's ralley. Stayed in a king size room with lakefront view. Beautiful view of Grant Park and the lake. The bed was very comfortable. Room was clean. There was a Flatscreen TV. Bathroom was clean, but old and dated fixtures with some wear. Baseboard in room had been newly replaced, but was not painted yet. Room was large with huge closet which contained iron and ironing board. Furniture was basic, but comfortable. Thought price was really fair for room quality and location. Public spaces in hotel are fairly basic and dated.	
Oct 30 2008 	Decent Hotel	Review of this hotel depends on your expectations. I stay here when I'm in Chicago to see a Bears game. For this purpose it is very good - reasonably cheap, good location and clean. I would not stay at the Congress Plaza if I was staying on business or trying to impress my wife. I don't agree with all the negative reivews but I can see where they are coming from. It seems like some of the hotel staff have been on strike for several years but this doesn't seem to impact anything - there's 4 or 5 of them walking in a circle away from the front doors. If you need/expect a 5 star hotel then spend more somewhere else. If you just need a decent place to crash while enjoying downtown Chicago, this hotel will suit your needs. I find the door-staff are extremely helpful.	
Oct 30 2008 	Great for the Price and Location	I stayed at the Congress on a Saturday night, October 25 while attending the play Dirty Dancing. I searched high and low for a hotel in downtown Chicago that didnt cost over $350.00 a night or that wasnt a dump. Being a travel agent I had a lot of resources at my disposal. Upon entering the hotel I was in awe of the fancy lobby. We stayed in the Buckingham Wing. Our room was on a smoking floor. The smell was a little overwhelming, but mangeable. Upon entering the room I was pleased to see a flat screen TV on the wall and an updated bathroom. All our linens were clean and fresh smelling. When asked for additonal pillows and towels they were promptly delivered to our room. As a traveler, the 2 previous reviews were not at all what I experienced. Granted it depends on the type of traveler and what their expectations are. If your room was so bad, ask to be moved to another room. If you are looking for a nice place to rest your head after a long day in Chicago this is great for location and price. In the future may I suggest asking for the Buckingham Wing. Our room seemed much nicer than those described in other reviews.	
Oct 29 2008 	Great Little Hotel	Chicago Ill.: Congress Plaza Hotel: Great Little HotelWe were a party of 4 and checked in Friday, October 24, 2008. The entire staff was friendly and helpful. They asked if they could help without our even having to ask, and volunteered directions, restaurant selections, cab service with a smile. The hotel was built in 1893, so you have to expect some eccentricities. If you are looking for great location, friendly staff, reasonable price, you can't beat the Congress. If less than the best is ok with you, then this is a place that is hard to beat. We stayed in a family suite, which is a room with 2 double beds adjoining a room with a king size bed. I thought sharing the one bath might be an issue, but it worked out quite well. Two rooms on Michigan Ave. across from Grant Park for $325.00 a night, it was awsome. I know that the next time I go back to Chicago, I am returning to the Congress.	
Oct 21 2008 	Worst hotel of my life	I hated this hotel, it was horrible. I would never stay here again. The only good about the hotel is its location. I went to Chicago with my boyfriend. We stayed here because of the price and the location. Never again. The hotel was run down and old. There was paint peeling and holes in the walls. The beds were disgusting. I slept on my blanket with no pillow or covers because it was so hard and it stunk like mold. The bathroom was rusted and had a gross smell the whole time we were there. There was nothing special or even good about this hotel. It was really dark inside, especially the halls. The hotel made me feel like I was in an old horror movie at night. Never stay here, I would rather stay at hotel further away like a Marriott than stay here again.	
Oct 21 2008 	Tough times at the plaza	The power went out 4 times in our unit. The shower made horrific noises. However, the staff was very accomodating. They upgraded us and deducted $30 from the room fee. The hotel is in a great location and is relatively cheap for Chicao. We may have had back luck but I would not stay there again.	
Oct 18 2008 	Don't Do it!	Disgusting from the moment we pulled up. The place was being picketed by it's employees, so we had to cross the line to get in. The front entrance was dark and dingy, and the check in staff were cold and unfriendly. The entire hotel appears to not have been updated since it was opened in 1895, dark creepy corridors with threadbare carpets and peeling paint. After being shown to our room which was the size of a small closet where the lamps were unplugged and the tv remote did not work. The next morning we woke to find we had no hot water and after being told it was hotel wide and would be fixed in a half hour, 2 hours later we endured ice cold showers so we would not waste our whole day in this flophouse. Lucky we were visiting friends who kindly invited us to come stay with them. I have been in some pretty shady places but this was the ABSOLUTE worst!!	
Oct 16 2008 	Only stay here if you are really poor desperate and HAVE To stay in Chicago	I stayed here for a week, because a bar-review course I was taking was being held here. First of all, let me say that the conference rooms have only one or two electrical outlets FOR THE WHOLE ROOM! So, forget using a laptop in there. But, even more importantly, the hotel sleeping rooms are truly god-awful! I stayed here because it was cheap. But I got what I paid for. The curtains in my room didn't close, and the subway (or whatever they call it in Chicago) went right by my room--the tracks were literally about 400 feet away. Numerous travelers saw me naked that week as I dashed about getting into and out of the shower. In addition, the toilet was broken. I called maintenance one night to come and fix it. The water was running, and I thought it would overflow. I had to call back down twice to inquire where the hell maintenance was, because forty-five minutes later, they still hadn't come. Finally, there was a knock at the door. The man told me he had come by before but hadn't knocked because I had the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on. Ok, that means everyone BUT emergency maintenance! I thought that much was obvious, but clearly not. Further, the maids didn't put down a mattress pad, and the mattress was about 40 yrs old. Only a very thin sheet came between me and forty years of torrid love affairs on that mattress (if you know what I mean). Plus the staff was surly, and one man told me he could tell this was my first time to the big city. Hello?!? Uh I had lived in DC for the 5 yrs previous. Anyway, in conclusion, don't stay here unless you can't afford better. Plus the neighborhood is very shady.	
Oct 8 2008 	Worst experience ever!!!	If you don't mind sleeping with bedbugs this is the hotel for you.The room had old dingy,mildewed furniture. It had an odor. I woke up to find at least three (3) bedbugs around my head and on my pillow. It took the hotel a month to refund my money after much complaining and threatening to sue. Beware!!	
Sep 22 2008 	Ewwwww! Do yourself a favor and sleep in the street	This is a dirty old hotel. I didn't listen to the reviews before I booked, and I won't make that mistake again. Think 100 years of badly chipped paint, and the lowest quality workmanship possible. I was so embarassed, I wouln't even think of taking anyone into our room. I'm very sure that the rooms were reconditioned by light house for the blind. None of the tiles matched in the bathroom, the molding wasn't painted or attached well, and the doors were all different colors and types (including plastic). The mattress felt like a box spring, which was the most uncomfortable bed I've ever slept on (and I was in the Army). I wanted to sleep on the floor, but I was afraid I would get some skin eating disease. Nasty Nasty Nasty....I'm very serious. Good luck getting in and out of the hotel with all the picketers. The hotel staff is of the lowest caliber I've ever seen. The people that work there are McDonalds rejects at best. The lady that checked me in stopped the process just to check her email and hang out with co-workers; it was like I wasn't standing there. Oh yeah, they tried to give me a smoking room even though I reserved a non-smoking room; not that it mattered, since the whole hotel smelled like a dirty retirement home anyway. I don't care how cheap you get this hotel; don't stay here. I would be generous if I gave this hotel 1 star. I think there is a Red Roof Inn fairly close; around the Magnificent Mile. All I can say is Ewwww!Regards,The guy that didn't listen to the reviews	
Sep 22 2008 	Ok for the price!	Positives: Location is across from Grant Park, and just a short walk to a thousand shops, good access to buses. Old historic hotel was a lot of fun for our family. Hotel staff exceptionally nice! Check in/out very easy, bellmen eager to serve. Excellent experience for the price!Negatives: Morning maintenance woke us up with drilling and hammering. I asked the guy to stop and he kindly said OK. Older hotel with older colors and fixtures, but that was OK with us.Note: Ignore picketing outside outside the hotel. Some are disgruntled employees from years ago. They actually have a yearly anniversary celebration of the strike. I talked with some current staff who spoke very highly of their management and working conditions of the hotel.	
Sep 22 2008 	Never again	This hotel is deceptive. When you arrive you are confronted by a fairly pleasant, grand lobby but that's where it ends.... The staff were rude and unhelpful and as for the rooms - where do I start?? Our room could have been decorated better by a small, blind child - it was disgusting! The walls were so thin that you could hear people whispering in the next room. The bathroom was in a very poor state of repair and the shower leaked all over the floor. We were woken during the night by the man snoring in the next room. The beds were uncomfortable and we were dubious as to whether or not the sheets had been changed. All in all - not a good experience and a real shame that it was our last night in Chicago which is such a beautiful city. NEVER stay here!!! You have been warned. Plus they charged my card £15 for each of the 3 rooms I booked despite telling me that all taxes and charges were included when I booked. Very, very disappointing.	
Sep 2 2008 	Don't listen to anyone who says this hotel is "ok"	Watch out!!! This hotel was horrible from the get go. First of all, if you stay here, don't take a survey from the picketers out front who have been doing so for 5 years. Some questions you may see are &quot;have you seen boils, cuts, open wounds on your hotel staff&quot; or &quot;have you see rats, roaches, or other vermin.&quot; That alone is enough to make the stay horrible. We had blood on our sheets and had to ask them to change them. We had the train right outside our window which goes past almost all night long. Our family who had a seperate room had to have their room changed because of an overwhelming smell of mildew in their room. The hotel staff stares at you and none of them speak clear english. If you park in the lot next to the hotel, the men who work the lot are extremely rude. They overcharge for what they give you and don't be surprised if you car comes back with dents or dings. They back your car up by just laying on the horn and backing it up full blast. Our car came back with several scratches that weren't there before. When we plugged things into the wall, the wall crumbled behind the plug. There was also someone elses hair on the floor of the bathroom. I did pull the sheets apart after they changed them from the blood stains to inspect for bed bugs, which was the only thing this hotel had going for them....as i didn't see any evidence that bed bugs was a problem.	
Aug 23 2008 	Average hotel in good location	American Airlines comped me a night in this hotel, after a flight cancellation. It is an old hotel, with an old lobby and old rooms. Our room had no view, and was near the train which could be heard throughout the night. The bed was not very comfortable, and the furniture was old and overly used.The Congress Plaza is in a good location and within walking distance of shopping and restaurants. Its location is really the only positive aspect of the hotel, as the service was so-so and no one was overly friendly. If you're not going to be spending much time in the room, this isn't a bad hotel, but personally I would suggest paying a little more to get a better quality room.	
Aug 18 2008 	Not too bad	We were looking for an affordable hotel for a week-long vacation in Chicago. This proved to be a challenge! I ended up booking the Congress Plaza on Orbitz for about $850 for six nights. I found out later I could have gotten a cheaper price by simply going through the hotel's Web site. Silly me!I was a bit nervous after reading negative reviews, but things turned out ok. We check in on a Sunday, which turned out to be the last day of Lolapalooza. This was the party hotel! Thank goodness we checked in on the last day. The place was overrun with college kids, but they all pretty much checked out by Monday afternoon.We had a king room on the seventh floor. I did not request or pay for a room with a nice view, so we didn't get one. The hotel is quite old. One other reviewer said it reminded them of the hotel from The Shining. I can see that. However, it wasn't too bad. I appreciate things that are different and interesting. The lobby was beautiful! The hotel is obviously very old, and I kept imagining what a fantastic place it must have been in the 40s, 50s, and 60s.We had prompt housekeeping service and everything seemed clean. I'd say the hotel was a good value based on the other prices I saw. I would caution people to stay away from the restaurants in the hotel, which are totally overprized. $20 per person for breakfast buffett! Also, the bartender in the lounge was quite rude to us one afternoon.All in all, a nice place. Recommended!	
Aug 15 2008 	Beautiful view	The hotel is old and the furniture style is a little old-fashioned but well preserved, so if you're looking for a modern hotel I would not advise this one. But our room was on the 8th floor facing the lake and we had an amazing view over the lake and the city.The breakfast was not included, and the hotel restaurant is very expensive (17$/pers for buffet breakfast), but you can find cafes and backeries/sandwich shop, 5min by foot from the hotel. The only problem we had is that when we came, the room services were in strike...so one day (on a 5 day stay), the room wasn't cleaned...	
Aug 14 2008 	Ridiculous	First off....we got our car valeted and we needed more than one luggage carrying cart, but they only allowed us to use one and we could not fit all of our luggage on it. They said that it would be no problem to later go up to our car and retrieve itmes that could not fit on the cart. Well it was a huge hassle to go back to the car and we were told that it very much inconvenienced them to do so! Well if they would have had enough carts in the first place, then it wouldn't have mattered!Then there were a few problems with our hotel room because of how old the building is, but we expected that.Lastly, I put all of the parking charges on my credit card, we parked two cars for 3 nights and my credit card was charged for 3 cars 3 nights! After calling and talking to someone in accounting I was told that my card would be refunded the money, well it was not refunded. I had to call and talk to someone again, a week later, and now they want to investigate the situation before crediting me the money! How frustrating and unnecessary, if they would would have had their act together, there would not have been so many of these errors!	
Aug 10 2008 	What it is	This hotel is what it is, and thats a place with great location and an older decor. Two friends and myself were here for Lollapalooza and it was a fantastic time.The front desk was great help, they got us checked in as soon as possible, we had arrived by bus at 6;30am and were checked in by 10;30am so that is really accomodating when the posted check in was 3pm. The rooms had high ceilings and a nice tv so it had that in its favor. The elevator system could be overwhelmed easily so keep that in mind if your on a higher floor, we had to walk up ten flights after a loong day of rockin. Overall I would say this is your place if you just need a jump off spot and dont need the frills of a better hotel. This will get the job done.	
Aug 5 2008 	Loved this hotel	I booked this hotel on line for my son and I and two friends who were going to Lollapalooza. The reason I booked the hotel is because of its location right across the road from Grant Park where the festival was held. A few days before our departure I went on line and read some of the dreadful reviews that this hotel received and I was extremely nervous as a result even going so far as to try and change my hotel plans but obviously I could not because all of the hotels were full because of Lollapalooza. With a great deal of trepidation I made my way to this hotel. The first thing that I noticed was the beautifully appointed lobby and the way that the lobby smelled....so clean. Next my interaction with the front desk staff when checking in which was extremely smoothe and without any problems at all. I told them that I had heard that the rooms in the Buckingham wing were not so good (I don't know if this is true or not) and that I wanted a room in one of the towers. They accommodated my request as well as the friends who had accompanied me.I took the elevator up to the 9th floor of the North Tower and opened the door of the room to find an immaculately clean room. Still being nervous I pulled down the bedcovers thinking that I was going to discover bugs or stains on the sheets as some reviewers had described......nothing. Nothing but perfectly clean sheets. I looked around the bed and the carpet was clean, fresh smelling and had just been vacuumed. I thought, this is too good to be true, I bet that there is a problem with the bathroom then. I went into the bathroom to find an immaculate, clean and new bathroom and I did not have to climb over the toilet to get to the bathtub as one of your other reviewers had stated. The bath was clean, the toilet flushed making no noise at all, it did not run and there was a brand new basin as well in this bathroom. There were fresh towels neatly folded and small cakes of soap and other sundries neatly placed in al ittle dish. There was a clean shower curtain with an insignia on it which matched that on the pillow slips and the sheets for the Congress Plaza Hotel.The air conditioning system worked perfectly as did the flat screen TV. In point of fact there were no problems whatsoever with this hotel. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful at all times. The only complaint I may have is that the housekeeping staff seemed to be too eager to do their job. One morning they knocked a bit early and then there was a second woman who came around to check on what the housekeeper had done to make sure that the room was cleaned properlyAll I can say is that I have already decided to stay in this hotel next year when I go up to Lollapalooza again and would stay there any day of the week. I really don't know where those terrible reviewers were coming from as the hotel was great, the food in the restaurant (we just ate breakfast there) was great, the restaurant staff and the staff in the bar were excellent, the rooms were clean, everything worked just fine and no we did not hear the moise of the EL train either. I had a great experience at this hotel and would stay there again anytime	
Aug 2 2008 	You get what you pay for	Even though the other reviews were not great, as a student on a budget, I decided to give this place a try. I booked it through Expedia, so could not look for other places even if I wanted to.First thing I noticed is that even though the room was supposed to be non-smoking, it smelled like someone had been smoking there very recently, I decided to let it pass because they were accommodating and had arranged for me to check-in very early in the morning at the day of my arrival, as a result I had to laundry all my clothes, even those I did not use, as it all smelled like I had been clubbing the entire trip.Second, the room door would not stay locked. Even after calling maintenance, and supposedly having it fixed, more than once we got back from the conference to an unlocked door. Nothing went missing or anything, but it is just scary.Third, not matter how careful we were with our keys, they simply would demagnetize all the time. So, if we left the room to get to the lobby for 1 min, we had to get a new set, as the old ones would simply not work. Now, that is OK once or twice, but after almost a week, it became quite annoying. I tried to complain about it, but the people at the lobby would not have it.The good things? Being able to check in early morning (but I think that was luck). Location, pretty close to most of Chicago's main attractions.	
Jul 30 2008 	Excellent place to stay	I stayed at the Congress Plaza Hotel July 23 -25, 2008. I was very surprized with my stay after reading all those reviews. My room was more than I expected. It was very clean and in good condition. The bath room was in excelent shape and well maintained. The AC worked very well. I would stay there again in a heart beat. I really do recomend this hotel. I hade a very fine stay there. The staff was very helpfull and good.	
Jul 7 2008 	Know What You're Getting Into	Ok, you've read all the not-so-good reviews. Here's my take: is the hotel old, yes? Is the paper coming off the walls and you wonder will you wonder why the lamps don't work, yes? But, if you're ok with that - then stay. People like me booked this hotel for the location and because it's cheaper than most in Chicago. As long as you're not looking for luxury, and you just want a clean bed to sleep in, you will be fine. For longer stays, I recommend the Hard Rock down the street.	
Jun 15 2008 	Absolutely Do Not Stay Here	I stayed at the Congress Hotel in June, 2008 and it was the by far the worst experience I have ever had with a hotel. My purse was stolen from the hotel room the second night of our visit. From that point on, the hotel not only refused to deal with me or the other hotel guests staying with me, but blatantly denied that I had brought my purse into the hotel. There are more details to this incident, as I'm sure you can guess, but I would advise anybody to not stay at this hotel. My perception is that they are backhanded, deny everything to save face, and will not treat you as a guest like counterpart hotel chains would. Save yourself the trauma, grief, and money and stay somewhere else in Chicago... it's a beautiful city and this hotel does it disservice.	
Jun 10 2008 	Excellent location for the Blues festival	I booked this hotel because of its proximity to Grant Park and was very apprehensive having read the negative reviews but actually, it's not too bad. It IS being refurbished in a piecemeal way. Instead of completely finishing a set of rooms, different bits are done. The wallpaper and furniture is old fashioned but the windows are modern, the original woodwork is being restored and our bathroom had been refurbished........although the plug holes were incomplete and the cistern lid didn't fit!!! The service is good, it's very clean, rooms and public areas, with plenty of linen changed as often as you wish and a few toiletries. it's true there aren't many amenities. Perhaps my expectations are not as high as some as I am aware that the Congress is a classical old building and Chicago hotel rooms are very expensive at busy times. But we came for the Blues festival and not the hotel amenities and it was fine for that!	
Jun 9 2008 	Very pleased	Four of us went to Chicago for the Blues Festival and picked the Congress Plaza because of it's location. We were also apprehensive after reading some of the reviews, but would agree that we were pleasantly surprised! In addition to the great location, the rooms and the hotel lobby were very clean. The hotel is old, but has a lot of character. If you stay, take time to view the awesome great room. What impressed us the most, was the friendly and helpful staff! We felt well taken care of and we all agreed we would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Jun 8 2008 	Great after reading bad reviews	after reading bad reviews before we decided to stay at this hotel we where very scared. parking was confusing at first but we ended up doing valet which worked out perfect. for the price of the hotel and the view if you upgrade to a king lake view you wont be disapointed. the rooms and hotel yes are old but your not staying at the hilton so what do you expect for the location and everything the price was great. the room was very spacious and the bathroom huge and very clean. we where very impressed with the room. we just needed a place to sleep while seeing the city. we go once a year and this hotel we will stay at again im sure.	
Jun 4 2008 	Worst hontel I`ve ever stayed at!!!!!!	Stayed for 3 nights during the ASCO convention. This hotel is old and has not been updated for years. The rooms have an odor to them which is not pleasing, my room was old is serious need of repair, the bed was hard, there were bugs around the bed, the noise level was high, no good sound proof windows here. The staff was very bad and not understading of any of my concerns. My whole stay I never slept btw the sheets of the bed and only slept with my clothes on. I would have rather slept in a tent in Grant Park then stay here.	
May 29 2008 	Couldn't wait to find another hotel room...at another hotel!	I went to Chicago for a family vacation in August 2007 and we had a great time....stayed at the Embassy Suites near Navy Pier. In May 2008 I went for a week for a nursing convention. Our reservation was booked through the nursing organization sponsoring the event and the hospital I work for, so I didn't get to pick my hotel this time. I think I would rather eat a roach than ever go back there!If you go to the website, you will see a hotel with class and charm and pictures of rooms....only some of which have been renovated. The common areas of the hotel are beautiful. However the rooms leave alot to be desired. We stayed in an economy room with 2 double beds. For 2 people staying one week, there was 1 small dresser, a desk, and a closet with 5 hangers. The outlets were just above the baseboards and were painted over with several coats of paint making them difficult to use. The wallpaper was at least 20 years old. The ONLY amenities were an old iron, hairdryer in the bathroom, and a safe. You could rent a fridge for $10 per night if you wanted.The bathroom was fair in size but because of the placement of the toilet and the slanted back of the tub, you had to practically step over the toilet to get into the shower. You could only enter the shower after the water had run a bit and wasn't brownish anymore. The shelf over the sink was so wide, it covered 1/2 of the sink....I almost knocked myself out spiting out toothpaste! The ceiling fan was hanging at least 4 inches from the ceiling and went on everytime the light went on. Thank goodness we had brought a night light or the fan would have woken us up at night if we used the bathroom. You also couldn't have the light/fan on and have the door open or you couldn't hear anything else in the room. The bathroom had been updated but very poorly. The tiles were not aligned and the caulk around the tub was a mess. The paint was also peeling in spots!The TV was a flat screen and was mounted on the wall. No HD or high quality cable in this hotel...the picture had alot of static.So because we couldn't drink the water in the room, we tried to buy a bottle in the store...they wanted $5.25 for a bottle of water!!!We wanted to go to a Brazilian Steakhouse and the concierge sent us to one he recommended. It was closed...not closed as in it was going to open later, closed as in accepting application for it's Grand Opening in another month!When you walk into this hotel the first thing you notice is that you have to cross a picket line...of the housekeeping staff!! The ones that did work, didn't speak any English. We didn't have much tempertaure control in the room The fan was high, low, or off so we had the windows open to cool off the room. The housekeepers would come in and clean and shut the windows. We would return to a very warm/humid room. Because of the temp problems and needing to keep the windows open we didn't sleep at night because of the noise. Now when you go to a city, you expect noise. However, the elevated train ran behind the hotel and made sleeping very difficult.The location isn't great especially if you want to go to Navy Pier, American Girl, or the fancy Michigan Ave stores. It is located on South Michigan and is about 12 blocks from the &quot;fun areas&quot; and the majority of good restaurtants. It is located within walking distance to the Planetarium, Shedd Aquarium, and Museum of Science and Industry....all of which are great day activities.Because of 3 large conventions going on in the city we were unable to find another hotel room until our last night. We were switched to the Wyndham and not only was it beautiful, clean, updated, and centrally located, the staff was friendly. Everyone we came in contact with at the Wyndham said hello. When I checked out of the Congress, I told the front desk staff how unhappy I was. They didn't ask why, apologize, or offer to get me a manager to speak with they just handed me my bill.	
May 1 2008	Great stay!	This hotel was great! The room was clean, small, but clean. the bathrooms were exceptionally clean. Slightly pricey, but standard for the area. Very close to downtown, near multiple subway stops/bus stops. My friends and I were apprehensive after reading these dismal reviews, but were pleasantly surprised. There are picketers out front, but they are not allowed to speak/interact with hotel patrons. The concierge and front desk staff were extremely helpful and friendly. Would definitely stay again! Don't listen to these naysayers...see for yourself!	
Apr 29 2008 	Umm not next time.	I think each person's impression of this hotel depends on what room they stay in. My room was on a dark, gloomy hallway. I'm not sure if anyone else was even staying near me. My room had at least 15-18' ceilings. The wallpaper was coming loose from the old plaster walls. There were three lamps but only one worked properly. I was afraid the other two were fire hazards with faulty switches. The small closet I had was characteristic of old homes. It was not deep enough for full size hangers.The bathroom was of ample size and clean. When I inquired why I had no hot water, the front desk explained that I should let it run because the water needed to go up 14 floors then come back down. Another guest was told to leave hers running overnight! The water pressure was fabulous, and it finally got hot. The toilet would run for 5-10 minutes, then shut off for awhile, then start running again.My door wouldn't lock the first time I left my room. An electrician promptly came up to fix my lock. Another person staying there had to change rooms since her room wouldn't lock. Another person at our seminar complained about the noises coming through her walls from the room next door.The picketers were right below my window. They were not disruptive or intimidating at all. They just walked in their circle in front of the entrance.The hotel uses some kind of central a/c and heat. I had no control except for turning my unit on high/med/low/off. I could not open any of my windows to rid my room of the horrendous air freshener that permeated the entire hotel.The lobby is beautiful and clean. Housekeeping did a wonderful job cleaning my room each day. The staff was very polite.I will stay somewhere else next time where I feel safer. It's unsettling to see escalators not running, going to dark areas. The hotel has security cameras near every elevator and entrance to the building. This hotel costs about $100 less per night than other nearby hotels. I'd rather pay the extra money for peace of mind when traveling alone. I'd like to see the hotel when it's fully renovated. I did not personally witness any work getting done while there. It will be beautiful if they ever finish restoring it.	
Apr 15 2008 	Very Satisfied	I too was apprehensive after reading the reviews. My husband's company had chosen this hotel for a national convention and we didn't have a choice. I went in with an open mind and was pleasantly surprised. The building is old and shows some wear and tear, but was very clean. The halls smelled extremely fresh and clean every time we entered. Our room was clean and well stocked. The cleaning staff was excellent and very attentive. The room service for breakfast was fast and very good. The negative things we found were that if you used your own hair dryer and tried to plug anything in somewhere else in the room, the power would go out. This happened to us twice and was frustrating,but the staff sent the electrician to trip the breaker each time. Also, the water took a long time to reach a hot temperature. Once it did, it was fine. When we checked in the first night, we did have a flat screen tv, but it didn't work. They immediately gave us another room--also facing the water--without any hesitation. The bellhop even came back to take our luggage.There were picketers. But I will be very upfront and honest....these people (approx. 10) did nothing but walk back and forth in front of the hotel with their signs. They were no interference with anyone and said nothing to us ever. I don't think any of them had anything better to do with their days. Just my opinion.The bathroom was not moldy or leaking. The shower had good water pressure and I found it hard to get out each day because it was so refreshing. The room was very large and had a large closet. It was overlooking the water which made it extra nice. It was noisy from traffic but we expected that and were okay with it. We did not hear any noise from surrounding guests.So, overall, I would rate this hotel very good for the price. Not a get-what-you-pay-for kind of thing. It's more like, this hotel was very good for the value of the price and being downtown within walking distance to Michigan Ave. shopping and State Street. I would stay here again.I don't want to forget to mention that one morning we awoke to the filming of ER right outside our window!!! It was an incredible thing to add to our trip to be able to watch them all morning. And neither of us will forget the exploding ambulance that scared us half to death--but was all part of the fiming. It was great!!!!!!!	
Apr 5 2008	Pleasantly Surprised! :)	Apprehensive about staying here due to reading the negative reviews; but, upon arrival we were very pleasantly surprised.Our room was on the 9th floor, very clean, well supplied with all our needs, nice use of space, view of the lake, quiet - didn't hear a thing from the other quest, &amp; the beds provided for a good nights rest. The staff was very friendly &amp; graceous to the three of us &amp; we felt comfortable &amp; safe during our three days in Chicago.Yes, there is minimal level noise from the trains; but the system is only a block or two away - not interferring. Yes, there is a nick here &amp; there in the wooden doorframes; but what would you expect from a building 115 years old? All of this, simply adds to the character of this beautiful building. Location is wonderful - walking distance to theatres, shopping, &amp; eating places.We would stay here again &amp; suggest it to friends &amp; family as well.	
Mar 25 2008 	Equal Time	I have read a few of the reviews, and just had to add mine, as I stay at the Congress every week for work, and have since last November (2007).I was initially drawn to this hotel (and btw, I'm sitting in the hotel as I type this) by the low price. Courtyard, and others of that ilk, run at least $50 a night higher in this area.As a regular business traveler, I have stayed in many hotels, none as old as the Congress, and so none with as much of an excuse as the Congress. For every negative I read, I can point to a similar experience at a major chain hotel that should be delivering a better product.The Congress is over 100 years old, and yes, the building does show its age. Some reviewers complained of construction noise, and this is due to the continuous remodelling that is going on. A one-thousand room hotel doesn't get redone overnight - and certainly not when it has such a low occupancy rate due to the very issues they are working hard to correct.Here are the pros and cons as I see them on my 17th week here:Cons:-old carpeting-sometimes stale, funky smells in the hallways-inroom coffee is about the cheapest stuff they could find-some fixtures have issues: jiggly handrails, loose trim, dresser drawers needing repair, etc.-surprise closings of food service (makes sense when paid staff outnumber the guests)-Low water pressure on some floors. Irritating if you like a bath as opposed to a shower. I find that the shower sprays fine, even in low pressure.-If they tell you your room is in the &quot;Buckingham Wing&quot;, tell the clerk you're leaving if they don't put you in one of the towers. The BW is a small part of the hotel on the south side of the building that looks like it was added on in the 1950's. These rooms can really sour you on the Congress, but unless there's a convention going, they should be able to move you.-Low occupancy on some weeks makes you feel like the place is abandoned. Sometimes I'd swear it's just me and two other guys in the whole place.Pros:-Best prices in Chicago Loop area-Great bar. The bar has a reputation apart from the hotel.-Different room every week (I'm on week 18, and I've yet to have the same exact layout twice. Kind of nice when you have to put up with hotels all the time)-Comfy beds. Someone upstream complained about a torn bedspread. I've seen sloppy housekeeping in the best of them.-Friendly staff. Really. Someone complained about being ill-treated. Well, I've been working long enough to know that there are some folks that just don't quit until they've pressed every one of somebody's buttons.-Tons of character. Rooms have 10 or 11 foot ceilings, never seen that before.-Internet works great. It's wired instead of wireless, which in a hotel is better, I think. I've had some bad chain hotel experiences with the wireless stuff.-The Lakeview rooms are beautiful. Nice view of Lake Michigan, worthy of snapping a few pics to impress your friends.-Room service food is fast and excellent. Killer garlic mashed potatoes, prime rib bigger than your head (exaggerating a little here ;-), pizza is passable (It ain't Uno, but it's yummy), and the 12 oz. burger is awesome. Order the Pecan Royale for dessert.Someone commented that business travelers should stay away, but I would say just the opposite - it's perfect for the frequent guest (I say, speaking as one). The people I would warn away would be younger people seeking some &quot;perfect experience&quot; like in the movies. This ain't a movie - it's a place to flop your briefcase down, have a drink, watch a little TV and go to sleep. If you want experiences, hey, it's Chicago in every direction out the front door. And say if you're an older couple on a vacation weekend, and you want to do something with it besides sit around and gripe that the plumbing is fiddly, I'd say you'd be pleased too.I was attracted to the place initially to save the company a buck, but now I stay here because I really and truly like it here. I'll be here until mid-May, and if my company sends me back to Chicago after that, I'll come right back.	
Mar 23 2008 	Don't expect too much aside from good price 	I booked this hotel because I wanted to stay downtown but didn't want to pay the $200+ just for a place to sleep. I knew it wasn't going to be fancy, I knew it might be a little ghetto, but at no time did I ever feel unsafe. Sure, I could hear the family next to me arguing all night. A quick call to the front desk and they moved us to the very quiet top floor. I would definitely stay here again on my own dime. I would never stay here if work was paying :P	
Mar 17 2008 	Very disappointed!	My husband and I were married last year in Chicago and stayed at the Essex Inn...so this year we wanted to stay there again but could not get a room. I had stayed at the Congress several years ago and thought it would be an ok experience. I was really wrong! The toilet didn't work right, there were no instructions for the in-room safe, the closet door didn't shut, the Gazebo restaurant was hardly open, the a/c unit didn't work right, and there were no in room visitor materials. Add to this the fact that the pop machine on our floor worked when it felt like it (AND WAS MARKED AT $1.50 AND COST $1.75 AND DID NOT TAKE QUARTERS), and housekeeping wanted to do our room at 9 am on a Sunday. What makes this worse is that we were awakened at 8 am by window cleaners tossing ropes down the building and yelling at each other! Toss in the fact that the gift shop items are waaaaayyyyy overpriced and you have a bad experience. My advice: book early, and book elsewhere! Try the Essex Inn!!	
Mar 17 2008 	The worse Hotel experience	The photos the hotels has listed are very misleading, My room number wasn't clearly marked, they was a fire escape sign right above my room door I assumed that was the doorway to the fire escape.&quot; over looking the small room number&quot;. The room was very dated, broken head board, holes in the cieling, the desk drawer didn't open, they were close because the desk was bented, the window view was the fire escape and the drapery would't closed, I called the front desk the have someone fix this issue, I waited for a half an hour and went down stairs to speak with someone directly, (someone from the service department told the front desk person they fixed the issuse a while ago) I insisted that no one was been to my room, 15 mins lately a service guy showed up. The vendening machine took my $1.75 for a can soda.Later I went down stairs to the bar to whine down, after a bit I wanted to know if the hotel had a mircowave, so I was about to walk across the hall to the front desk, when I fell off the landing from the other side of the bar's entry way. This area was not clearly marked&quot;to step down or watch your step&quot;. To end my stay the next morning the water was barely warm.	
Mar 11 2008	Only if every other hotel is full	I had a last minute visit to Chicago at a busy time of the year and none of my usual hotels had room.This hotel was clearly grand - once. The rooms, whilst very spacious for Chicago, seem to have last been renovated during the 1970's. I did have a great view over the Buckingham Fountain and the Lake and it is close to the Loop business district.It was also very cheap - for a reason !	
Feb 25 2008	The negative reviews have merit	My daughter was booked to stay at the Congress Plaza arriving on Feb. 24th for a 5 day business trip.After reading reviews and rating on the hotel, she called me with her concerns, I told her give it a chance its just an older hotel.Well she was right to be concerned it turned out to be dirty , dingy and in need of a total redo.My involvement with this hotel occured when I contacted them to deliver a fruit basket to the room and a birthday cake the next day.Not only did they give me the run around with several referrals on who would take the order, but they had me photo copy my credit card number and fax it to the front desk. It should be no surprise they didn't deliver either items and were indifferent when I called to complain .Lucky for my daughter her company removed her from the hotel and she was booked at the Hyatt instead. People in her Chicago office were surprised that she had even be booked there in the first place.Be warned!	
Feb 21 2008 	worst experience ever!!	I've traveled across the world and have never had such a terrible experience. Upon arrival we were treated to picketing because of an ongoing strike at the hotel.This is an old hotel with a beautiful lobby but old and broken fixtures and linens in the rooms. The carpet in our room wasn't vacuumed, the bedspread had holes in it, the sheets were stained, and the furniture was old, worn, and chipped. The first morning we awoke to extremely loud construction noices overhead as several floors in the hotel were under major construction. One night we returned from dinner to find the hotel swarming with SWAT and Secret Service police hunting for a fugitive. We were told we'd have to stay in the lobby while the manhunt continued. After no luck finding the fugitive, it was very late and we finally asked if we could be escorted to our rooms since we had elderly family members and a small child who were exhausted. We were given a &quot;guns drawn&quot; police escort to our rooms and instructed not to leave our rooms under any circumstances! The final night we were kept up until 3am by a loud party in the next room. They had rented one of the hotel's ballrooms and got a free suite next door to us to use as a &quot;staging area&quot;. Unfortunately, it was a lock-off room with only a small door between us that slammed every time the party next door went in and out of their room. We complained to the front desk and security about the loud partying and SMOKING in a non-smoking floor/room, and were told that they were not going to do anything about it. We were told by management that if we had a problem with it then WE could move to another room. After a confrontation with the obnoxious party-goers in the next room, they started banging on our doors at 3am so we again called the front desk and finally agreed to be moved to another room. I guess our 3 hotel rooms over several nights didn't bring the hotel as much money as the ballroom rental, so we were less important.	
Jan 20 2008 	Horrible experience	The condition that the Congress Plaza is in is completely unacceptable. First of all I paid the same price to stay at the Hyatt Regency which is 50 times nicer than this hotel. The hotel room was in such bad condition that we had to leave. First of all when we pulled up to the hotel there were many picketers who would antagonize you for crossing the picket line. Then they gave us an article from the Chicago Tribune about the strike, which noted there has been over a thousand violations including plumbing problems, roaches, and even rats. At first I just looked past this, due to the fact of being on strike. Boy was I wrong IF YOU BOOKED THIS HOTEL CANCEL BEFORE YOU CHECK IN! Due to the fact that they are on strike, basically everything is closed. Every amenity that is listed on their website is false. There were numerous beer cans around the hotel. In the elevator we took to get up to our room there was a Pepsi can, snickers bar wrapper, and it smelled like mold and cigarettes. When we walked down the hall to our room it was very dark. Every other light was out which made it difficult to find our room. Even after this we still thought we would give it a chance. In our room we find a full ash tray of cigarettes in the bathroom, food wrappers behind the end table, and a bathroom that was appalling. The floor was a yellowish color that was in random places, and then it was peeling off. Around the toilet it was all wet. The room was in horrible condition, I don’t anyone would want to stay here. I was so disappointed. My fiancé and I have been looking forward to this weekend. One of the reasons we picked this hotel was because it was close to the Hilton, which was where the Cubs Convention was. We ended up staying at the Hyatt, which was a very nice hotel, and it was only $10 more a night. Everything smelled and was dirty. I would never reccomend this hotel to anyone, and if you are thinking of staying here DONT!	
Jan 19 2008	Stay away	Stayed here for two nights in early Jan. Shame to see such a historic property fall into such a terrible state. Dirty carpets and cheap furniture in the rooms. Really uncomfortable bed.Also under a union strike for the last four years. Thanks for informing me orbitz! Stay away!	
Dec 12 2007 	Very Good Experience - Great Location	Even with the strike, this hotel is a great place to stay. The rooms aren't new and improved, but they are clean and comfortable. I would recommend the hotel more for singles and couples rather than families from the room that I stayed in. The staff is great. They even got me a Town Car to the airport for a great deal. The best part about this hotel is the location. It's right on Michigan Ave, a quick walk to Millennium and Grant Parks, the Art Institute, and even the Sears Tower.	
Dec 1 2007 	love at first sight but fell apart in 24 hrs!!!	I just returned from trip to chicago for a convention.I stayed in this hotel for one day paying $379 for a suite over looking michigan lake and buckingham fountain. As soon as i waiked in it felt great with magnificient views. But the upkeep of hotel is appalling!! crap floor carpet,rusted metalhanging over heaters very cheap furniture in room and limescale ridden bathroom. But on balance you pay the money only for location and views.However the front desk staff and manager not very helpful and actually that put me off for any future stay and to write this review. This hotel could be better maintained and have properly trained staff ( manners and courteousness) as it is a historic hotel ( as it boasts!!)	
Nov 29 2007 	Can be better	I got a room on the 7th floor, south tower.PROS: The check-in/check-out processes were swifty. The lobby is impressive. HUGE room. Everything clean and tidy. Plenty of towels, toiletries. Nice bathroom, even though the tub was clogged and you had to jiggle the toilet to stop the water from running. No noises from other rooms/corridor (there were other guests). TV with good reception and lots of channels; immense closet (6x6).CONS: No pretty view (only the fire escape stairs in the middle of the building). Furniture looks overused. Ceiling looks tired. Hooks in closet look cheap (see photo in another review). Doors need a sanding &amp; coat of paint (they look like originals). Lighting is insufficient: only had one night stand lamp and a desk lamp. I don't mind of things looking old, as long as they are in good condition; these were not. Heater too hot, had to turn it off; the window does not open, but is not sealed either, so the cold air from outside balanced the room's temp.In my opinion, this hotel is too pretentious; for $189 a night, I would expect better quality.A note on the clogged tub: they let me shower in another room, since I was in a hurry and maint was not immediately available; no hassle, prompt response.Would stay again when rates are lower or cons are fixed. Location? Maybe.	
Nov 15 2007 	terrible rip-off	Congress Plaza has an amazing location and does appear to be a great choice when you look at it from the taxi. It even has an imposing lobby to ensure you check-in. But once you enter the rooms, it is like stepping into a bombed relic from World War 1. Terribly unkept interiors and shoddy feel all over. The restaurant is another lost place where, although the waiters were extremely polite and apologetic, the food was cold, late and part of the order was missing.They must have good connections, though, coz it was the preferred hotel for WiMAX World USA conference!!! Wonder where the guy who approved this stayed?	
Nov 13 2007 	Better Than Expected	Chicago was full when we had to make a relatively-last-minute business trip for one night, and our usual choices were either full or stunningly expensive. (Chicago hotel prices in season will compare to New York's, or come close.) Convention in town, y'know. So we booked here rather reluctantly, given the reviews. And it wasn't bad. The room was reasonably large, clean, an updated bathroom. Yes, the furnishings are rather dated, and the pickets are still there; if we'd known, we would have stayed elsewhere. But for one night, it was fine. Had breakfast at Heaven On Seven in The Loop and headed back to Midway.	
Nov 8 2007 	great location in great city ok hotel	location great- walked everywhere from the hotel, inc dowtown, sears tower, theatre district, football stadium, and waterfront.hotel itself felt like it needed an update. building is very impressive, and rooms with high ceilings etc., but facilities could do with an overhaul.On balance however, no complaints other than it was a football weekend and prices were higher as a result. Check the american football schedule!!	
Nov 6 2007 	Creepy Hotel	I booked a stay at the Congress Plaza because a relative I hadn't seen in over a year had a conferece there - we live at opposite sides of the country and it seemed like a good idea to stay at the same place! When I arrived, the valet parking attendant was friendly and efficient, as were the desk clerks. However, the room was horrible. It looked worse than some rooms I've seen in third world countries. The toilet wouldn't flush completely, the wallpaper was peeling, the tiles in the bathroom cracked and broken, the carpet threadbare, the ceiling tiles discolored and uneven, paint cracked and peeling, wall plaster falling off into little piles on the floor. The worst part was when I moved the pillow on the bed and found a flea. 20 minutes after checking in, I left. On a positive note, the desk staff were polite and immediately refunded my credit card, no questions asked! The parking valet insisted on refunding most of my parking fee (I was willing to pay the whole fee) - so the staff were wonderful but the accomodations creeped me out!	
Nov 6 2007 	Unfulfilled expectations	The Congress Plaza is ideally located for the waterfront on South Michigan Ave - about midway between the planetarium and Navy Pier. Well located for downtown. The first thing that greeted us as we arrived was a picket line marching across the front entrance. There were no problems with the strikers. They were friendly, cheerful and more than willing to discuss their grievances - see www.congresshotelstrike.infoOnce inside, we were met with a traditional marble/brass corridor and reception area. Some reviewers call this 'old-fashioned' (and fair comment perhaps) but it does have a striking retro look to it. Check-in was a breeze though the staff had that aloof and slightly mechanical attitude that is often the case with large hotels. We had booked a &quot;Family Suite&quot;. Described as a two bedroom suite with &quot;a lovely courtyard view&quot;. The use of the adjective &quot;lovely&quot; set the tone for the hotel and earns the review it's title. Why do companies do this? To suggest a view is 'lovely' sets an expectation which rusting air-conditioning ducts simply cannot live up to. The feel of the hotel during the rest of the stay was reflective of this hype/disappointment cycle. We stayed on the 5th floor. The décor in the room was dated to say the least. Loose polystyrene ceiling tiles, old heating units, poor quality curtains and wallpaper from decades past. The blurb boasts that the hotel was home to Presidents. I think the last one who stayed was in 1971 and the rooms don’t look to have been updated since. Again - an expectation of opulence set by the publicity which the dated furnishing and décor disappoint. The bathroom was small and also in need of an update. Water was warm enough for a quick shower - but too lukewarm for a bath.The room service was a mixed bag. Everything we asked for, we got - immediately. But we did have to ask - repeatedly. Four people in a suite given three towels and insufficient bedding. We asked and we got - but when the room was serviced, we had to ask all over again. Did they think one of us had left?We had breakfast in the hotel on the first morning. It was such a calamity that we subsequently ate in the many local cafés and restaurants. All were far superior and cheaper. On arrival at the breakfast room, we were met with an absurd charging policy. Those wanting a buffet pay in advance, those wanting to choose from a menu pay afterwards. This gave us the benefit of settling the bill twice. Ridiculous.Once seated - three with buffet, one not - it was not clear who was entitled to what, or what was included. The food from menu order was mediocre at best. The buffet was a disgrace. Congealed and solidified eggs baked hard on to a serving pan and bacon that was brittle, old and overcooked. An unmanned omelette station with a queue of expectant hopefuls (more patient than us). Juice and coffee delivered (tardily) to the table - the latter lukewarm. Every other hotel we stayed in had a self-serve bar where we could get juice and coffee as often as we pleased without hassle.This is the sort of food and service one may experience from a dodgy airline - but not something a President would be happy with. Actually, not something an above average hobo would be willing to hang around too long for. The only other time we took refreshment in the hotel was at the bar. This was fairly pleasant - but again, there is better to be had a few hundred yards up the road. The hotel earns a 3/5 for one reason. Price! The rooms are very reasonably priced when considering the location. If they really did deliver the ambitions of the advertising, the room rates could be significantly higher. As it is, we were left with the feeling that although we weren't ripped off, an opportunity had been missed which good management and well trained staff could have realised. With the strike outside, the out-dated décor and the almost haughty attitude of the staff, this hotel cannot be recommended for a stay of more than two or three days. Even then, the advice is to do as we did and take the ‘room only’ option and avoid the catastrophe of the food. Recommendations for local eating: Artists Café a few yards down S Michigan Ave. (www.artists-cafe.com) did a good breakfast - and the staff could teach the hotel staff a thing or two about friendly service. Bennigans a little further down was also a good fuel stop.	
Oct 29 2007 	Run away from this overpriced hotel.	This hotel along with hotels.com = not a good match. To start off, I reserved this hotel 3 months prior to when I would need it. I booked a superior room with a king and when I arrived it was two single beds which didn't even have a valid hotel knocker on the door. I asked the hotel why I didn't receive a king room and they said it was just a request and since they were booked the request had no meaning. I think this was bad issue for both hotels.com and the congress plaza hotel. First, hotels.com should have booked what I ordered and not a request for a king especially since they were the same price. Second I reserved it 3 months in advance so I don't understand how the hotel didn't approve the request. Anyways the hotel was pretty horrible. The parking at the hotel cost an extra 27 dollars, so you might want to stay across the street were the parking is only 20 dollars. Also Internet access will cost you 9.95 a night. The room smelt bad and there was no remote for the television. The staff was not as helpful as they could have and should have been for the price. I could probably go on for days about the downfalls of this hotel.The bottom line is if you can find a motel 6 or Comfort Inn nearby you would be a lot better off staying there. It would have been a lot cheaper and a lot better quality of service.	
Oct 29 2007 	Terrible Terrible.... DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!	DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!! After we checked in.. They gave us the wrong directions to our room &amp; we got lost finding what we thought was our room, we finely found what we thought was our room only to find out both keys didn't work to the door.. Well unknown to us they have 2 of the same room no#'s. ARGH Then we wait 30 minutes for them to send up someone with new keys &amp; no one shows up, we get agravated &amp; went back down to the lobby (that's when we found out they have 2 of the same rooms with the same room no#).. On top of this they didn't have the room I reserved/requested &amp; on top of all this the whole place was terrible, it was old, every thing smelled like curry, it was in terrible shape (the halls, doors, every thing).. Not worth the money &amp; we didn't even get to see the room which we figured was just as bad as every thing else. We just told them to give us our money back &amp; we left. If your looking for a romantic getaway go to the Essence Suites in Orland Park or the Sybaris.. We ended up at the Essence &amp; it was well worth the agravation... Oh &amp; the hotel was on Strike. They had strikers out front. ARGH Terrible Terrible Hotel.. Will not even try to stay here again....	
Oct 26 2007 	Bad Hotel	I spent three nights in this hotel and it was awful. Can you believe that in Chicago, a Michigan Ave hotel in the year 2007 wouldn't have hot water. I kid you not! The shower was luke warm. I complained and I was told that it was an old hotel and that was &quot;just the way it is&quot;. I ate breakfast in the coffee shop and there was no lemon for tea. A major hotel and no lemons. My husband ordered a Brandy Alexander in the bar and the bartender did not know how to make it. The &quot;frosting on the cake&quot; was the picketers outside. They kept to themselves but one day a union rep showed up and started fights with the customers coming out of the hotel. He was screaming and swearing and calling us capitalistic facist pigs. The hotel is old and crumbling. It did have a nice lobby. I would not stay there again.	
Oct 25 2007	Congress Plaza Hotel should be renamed Roach Coach Hotel	This was the worst experience of our lives. It was like a scene from the &quot;Shining.&quot; The first room we stayed in was the size of a shoe box and the bathroom was even smaller. The view was of an old man sleeping. The wallpaper was peeling off of the walls, the carpet was dirty and the room smelled musty. We asked for a bigger room and were charged $30.00 more a night for a room the same size but with a view of Lake Michigan!!! The staff was unknowledgable and unhelpful. The shower temperature was unbearable. It was either scalding hot or freezing cold and no inbetween. To top it off the two of us were getting ready for our class and the we kept throwing a breaker by running 2 blowdryers for total wattage of 24...this should not happen!!!! The only nice thing about the place was getting the heck out of there. I will never go back, and I do not recommend anyone else stay there!!!!! The place needs renovated and the staff needs some lessons in customer service!!!!	
Oct 22 2007	Lovely Hotel in Lobby But Rooms A Dump	Stayed at the Congress during a conference in Chicago. Rating of the Hotel was different on a couple of websites, two star &amp; three star. I was impressed with the arch features of the hotel, beautiful lobby and banquet hall. The main lobby elevator doors are beautiful, lookedlike you were entering the 20's. But once I got upstairs on the 13th floor things changed. We had a two double bed room and the view was okay. What I did not like about the room was that the paint was peeling off of the base boards and in the bathroom. The ceiling tileswere stained with a very large brown spot. Our room had to of been designed for one king size bed but they made two doubles fit, and in doing so you had about a foot left between the bed and the closet door. The tub drain did not drain very well, wait put it this way, taking a shower I was standing in about six inches of water and after20 minutes after my shower the tub had still not drained. After this happened a couple of times, I took the stopper out and tried cleaningout the drain to help it, what a mistake, it looked some of that stuff had been in there since the 20's. Needless to say, it did help it out. The AC unit would not go above low fan &amp; you could not set the temperature, so we slept with the windows open until we could notstand the noise in the middle of the night.If you have a budget and don't mind staying in a rat hole, then this is the place for you. If you want more, then go just one block to theSouth and stay at the Hilton.	
Oct 21 2007 	Good value	If you get the right room, this hotel is a very good value. We stayed in this hotel when we accompanied a group to Chicago for a short study tour. I was not in charge of choosing this hotel and was apprehensive (to say the least) after reading some of the reviews on tis site. The room we were assigned was exceptional, especially given the price. It had a king size bed, a bay window, with a beautiful panoramic view of Lake Michigan, the Field Museum, Aquarium, the Art Institute, Navy Pier, and Grant Park. The bathroom had been recently renovated with a pedestal sink and nice new tile. It was perfectly serviceable.The furninshings were not exceptional, but they were neither tacky nor mismatched. I was pleasantly pleased by everything at this hotel. Valet parking was available for $32/day (with in and out privs) and was very well organized. Contrary to other reports on this website, we found the hotel staff to be very helpful. The bell desk gave us great information on how to get to Second City via public transport (avoid the Brown line and take the #22 bus instead!) and the front desk printed schedules for us upon request. The valet parking people were super helpful in telling us what we needed to do and the pre-checkout billing worked perfectly.--no mistakes.Overall, I think this hotel is a really, really good value, particularly if you are able to get a room that looks out onto Michigan Avenue. We were assigned another room that looked to the interior (with 2 double beds) and asked to change to a room witha king bed. he new room was considerably better. The room was an even better value when you compare it to what was available in the city the weekend of Oct 20. Almost all the hotels were sold this week, and it was hard to find a hotel room for less than $390. Considering that the best thing I could find at Hotel Burnham or Hotel Allegro was over twice what we paid at the Congress...this hotel is certainly a good deal for those with tighter budgets.	
Oct 14 2007 	Be careful with shabby chic	One of those places that was THE place to stay back in the day. Given that that day was decades ago, what you're left with is shabby chic, a vibe that I generally like. However, they have hundreds of rooms, and some are heavier on the shabby -- to the point that you suspect they cleaned up the dead body just before you arrived. We were assigned our requested room (king size single), but upon review the TV was broken (and the dead body vibe + view of the parking lot were in effect). So, we requested a new room (I know $225 is cheap compared to other area hotels, but you should still expect a working TV for that cost). The desk complied with a smile, and the new room -- now two double beds, which we were fine with -- was a delight. High floor (12) overlooking the lake (if you crane your neck). So, the lesson in Shabby Chic land is to be more selective than you normally with your room selection, and you'll be fine.	
Oct 8 2007 	convenient for marathon but marginal	Stayed at the congress for the Chicago Marathon. It is conveniently located a block from the start/finish line. I would not have stayed here otherwise. The hallways have a foul smell. The rooms are small, poorly designed, peeling paint everywhere. The staff was very friendly, and helpful with a packed hotel. The elevators are small and few in number. I would not stay again.	
Oct 6 2007 	Bed bugs everywhere	Don't go there unless you don't care being bitten by some nasty little bed bugs. And make sure you clean your luggages, otherwise you could infect your home with this pest. There's also a strange smell in the rooms.	
Oct 1 2007	Gross or spooky.	We were told the hotel is haunted so we looked for spooky stuff. The only spooky stuff we saw was dirty sheets (many small curly hairs in the sheets) and alot of blood dripping down the door jam of one of the elevators on the eighth floor. (I have pictures) Our continental breakfast that cost nearly $30 was not worth $5 and our bed was uncomfortable. What the heck though, it was in the loop and gave us something to look at. I would do it again. (I had to sneek clean sheets from housekeeping and put fresh ones on)	
Sep 27 2007 	Great Deal Great Location!	I stayed at the Congress Plaza with two friends for a weekend in Chicago. The rooms were large and while they needed a little updating, was clean and very reasonably priced. The architectural details in the lobby of the hotel are very beautiful and the hotel itself is right on Michigan Ave, which is a short walk to most tourist attractions, including the Art Institute of Chicago and the magnificent mile shopping. It is definitely not a luxury hotel but ifyou are looking for a reasonably priced hotel in a great location, I would stay here.	
Sep 26 2007 	Good Experience	I recently stayed at the Congress Hotel for several days for business. I was reluctant to stay there given the reputation and reviews here. However there apparently were several large conventions in town and hotel rooms were unavailable or at a premium. I have to say my experience was good. The staff was friendly. courteous and helpful from check in to check out. The room accomodation was fine. This is not a top destination type hotel However it is a good location in the loop and the college and arts district. Great area for walking around the lake front parks. Far cheaper than the north Michigan Ave big name luxury hotels. I'm sure it makes a difference what part of the hotel you are in. I booked a more expensive lake front king room and the room was good sized with a high ceiling and beautiful views. The room was clean, wall mounted large screen LCD TV, etc. It did have a very small bathroom with little counter space as with old hotels and little they can do there.I have since received a feedback email and response from the General Manager regarding my stay and apparently sincere interest in feedback and anything that they can do to improve. I have to assume they are really working at restoring the hotel and their reputation.	
Sep 15 2007 	You'll be disappointed	Other than the neat old lobby, this place is a dump. I am a non-picky traveler who spent only one September night on a business trip, so I may not have gotten the full experience. However, while I truly enjoy renovated old, ornate hotels, the Congress Plaza had that dirty, musty smelling, unkempt feel. My stay started with a 10 PM check-in with a less then professional desk clerk. The lobby beer bar/pool room had a small crowd. Bar patrons or guests were walking in the halls carrying beer bottles. I didn’t see any type of doorman or security at the front or side entrances. The hallways to my room were old looking and dimly lit. My room had a very distinct musty smell. The room was worn; dirty rugs, old paint over older chipped paint, scraped up furniture. The bathroom, while adequately upgraded, didn’t have a functioning toilet. If it wasn’t so late in the night, I would have turned around and left. I wouldn’t recommend this hotel for anything other than a beer and a game of pool.	
Sep 10 2007 	Not bad for the price	I stayed at the Congress Plaza Hotel for 4 nights in August 2007. I was a little concerned considering some of the extremely negative reviews, but overall I was pleased with my hotel choice. If I had wanted something better, I would have had to pay considerably more, and it was just wasn't worth it for me. The hotel lobby was very nice, with mosaics on the floor and fancy chandeliers hanging above. I didn't get to eat in any of the hotel's restaurants, so I can't comment on those. In terms of the strike, the first few days of our stay there were literally no more than 3 people at a time walking the picket line. On Sunday, however, there were several more people, and only then did someone actually say something to me (a guy said &quot;Don't go in there!&quot;, but wasn't violent about it or anything). The location of the hotel was excellent, with Grant and Millenium Parks nearby, and the lakeside running path basically across the street. There were also a couple &quot;El&quot; stops within a few blocks, which made it easy to get to other parts of the city. The only negative thing about my experience was the bathroom, or more specifically, the shower. There was no tub and it was quite small, which was fine with me, but there was also no shelf or ledge to put my shampoo and conditioner and other shower supplies, which was annoying because it meant putting it all on the floor...ick! There were also little gnats or fruit flies flying around, which was pretty gross. The water pressure was pretty terrible as well. I almost complained about how bad the shower was, but to me it wasn't worth the hassle of moving all my stuff to another room just to make my daily shower slightly more enjoyable for 4 days of my life. All in all, I have no regrets from my experience at the Congress Plaza. If you're not too picky and are more concerned with location and value than luxury, I would recommend staying here as well.	
Sep 6 2007 	Medicore at best...	For the price, you can definitely find MUCH better hotels. Granted, the Congress is &quot;historic&quot; and I did expect some less that modern ammenities, it was ridiculous how noisy the hotel was. You could very easily hear people talking at normal conversation levels out in the hall, when you were in your room. As other reviewers mentioned, the television was non-functional. But we had no problems with the staff. My suggestion, if you're planning to spend upwards of $150/night, keep looking.	
Aug 22 2007 	Rude staff. Stay away	Upon check-in to this hotel, I informed the front desk manager that I would be receiving some luggage from the airport. She instantly gave me a look of &quot;that's not my problem&quot; and told me, &quot;Tell the bellhop.&quot; I told her I would at least like to leave a note at the front desk just in case and she said once again, &quot;Tell the bellhop. No luggage comes here.&quot; So I walked over to the bellhop and gave him the information. He wrote it down and posted it on his computer screen. He said, &quot;I'll take care of it.&quot; Long story short: when my luggage arrived, there was no bellhop to take it and the front desk manager sent it back to the airport. I asked the general manager what happened. He said, &quot;I don't know why the front desk signed off on it.&quot; I asked the bellhop. He said, &quot;I don't know why the overnight bellhop didn't sign for it.&quot; My note was still posted to his computer screen and he showed it to me. Through all of this, not one person offered an apology. Not one person offered to help me retrieve my luggage from the airport. The only response I received was, &quot;It's not our responsibility.&quot; Even though they had clearly messed up. A woman at the front desk literally shrugged her shoulders, turned her head and said, &quot;Next.&quot; while I was still trying to talk to her. I had to take four hours out of my day to go back to the airport and get my luggage. In addition to this, I awoke to a test of the evacuation system at 8:30a.m. that morning. There were stains on the walls and ceilings of the room. There is an eight inch step between the bathroom floor and bedroom floor which is easy to forget about at night. And to top it all off, there were employees on strike marching back and forth in front of the hotel for the entire time I was there. Stay away from this place. There are much better hotels in Chicago.	
Aug 21 2007 	Shabby Chic	The hotel lobby has been refurbished and looks nice. The rooms are run down, but clean, and they don't smell abnormal like the halls (more on that in a moment). I was told that from the 10th floor on up they are remodeling and eventually all rooms will be updated. The layout of the hotel is strange and it's easy to get 'disorientated' going from the elevator to the room and the stair wells are strangely placed. Each hall also has its own distinct smell, some of which are not altogether pleasant. After a couple of days you knew you were getting to your room by the smell of the hall you were on.The price is probably the cheapest for staying downtown right off the Loop. The location is great, right across from Grant's park and about a block or two from Millennium park. It's a short walk to Shedds Aquarium, the Natural History museum, the Library, Sears Tower, and the Fine Arts museum. It is also at the edge of tons of shopping.The hotel restaurants were way overpriced. Rafael's serves up hamburgers and a glass of wine for close to $30. A cheap steak is $30 to $50 depending on the cut and that's sans drink. No matter how you ask your food to be cooked it will be well done. I don't know about others, but if I pay that much for a meal I want it cooked the way I like it. Fortunately, there are plenty of excellent places to eat nearby.Although a little shabby, I would stay here again for the location. The Congress Plaza Hotel has clean rooms and good price for downtown Chicago. I recommend taking the little tour they offer of the hotel. You get to see some of the banquet halls with great architecture and history. (The Congress Plaza Hotel was built in the early 1890's and has hosted 15 presidents.)	
Aug 21 2007 	Location -- location -- location!	The Congress Plaza is a 114-year old &quot;Gilded Age&quot; hotel on Chicago's lakefront, one block south of the Art Institute. Some, but not much, of the hotel's original decor, has survived repeated renovations over the years. (Be sure to see the mosaics set into the tops of the walls in the lobby.)Although a little faded in places, the rooms are clean, very well maintained, and with a lot of amenities, including wired internet access at a reasonable (for hotels) price.We had a lakefront room, which was large, nicely furnished, with an old-style bay window overlooking the lake.The food in the restaurants is limited in terms of variety, but of very good quality, with good service.The main problem with the hotel is that its support infrastructure is inadequate for such a large hotel. As a popular tourist hotel, it can get crowded at times. With only four elevators serving almost 1,000 rooms, people on the middle floors often experience waits of up to 10 minutes during peak traffic hours. The bell staff is hopelessly understaffed. Long lines at peak check-in and check-out times are common, although they appear to move steadily.If you can plan around the times when the hotel's support functions are over-stressed, the Congress Plaza is an excellent value.	
Aug 17 2007 	it is ok if you know how the hotel is!	i booked this hotel via 1-800-chicago and i was told the hotel was very old. So, when i checked in i knew the situation of the hotel.it is very centrally located, in front of the Institute of art, close to the blue line to the airport and wright in the Loop!we had a huge room, very confortable even if very old and smelly and the bathroom was very very tiny but ok!they changed towel every day. Breakfast was included in the price and it was quite ok.I will stay again in this hotel if i find again a very good price!	
Aug 16 2007 	Disgusting!!!	OMG! I am sitting in this disgusting hotel as I type this review. They need to knock the hotel down and band it's workers from managinganything ever again. Our first room on the North side was spacious, however the towels were visibly stained, there was a large bug flying around and my friend's comforter smelled like men's cologne. The bathroom was just as disgusting as the rest of it. Upon complaining and requesting another room, I was told by a manager that this was a 2 star hotel and I couldn't expect my next room to be any better. I asked for her boss, so I guess I'll see how that goes in the morning. Oh and I forgot that one of the duct ceiling tiles were missing and the ridiculous plasma T.V. New room, better... as in I haven't found a bug in here yet, but jokingly no plasma. LOL Ahhhhh I cannot sleep in this disgusting place so I'll be up tonight. I'm only here until tomorrow, thank GOD, and I would have left if I was paying. DO NOT COME TO THIS HOTEL!!! It couldn't be worse, and this hotel is a terrible landmark for Chicago.	
Aug 8 2007 	Knew what to expect 	My fiance and I were in Chicago for Lollapalooza (in Grant Park) and chose the Congress for its location and view. It was closest to the entrance, and from an upper floor we'd be able to keep an eye on the entire festival from our room. For sightseeing it's a short walk to CTA and Metra trains, and several bus lines use the Congress/Michigan stop on the corner.After reading others' reviews, I booked directly through the hotel to be sure that we got a decent room. I'm glad that I did, because when I asked the (very friendly) desk clerk to match the Orbitz rate, she mentioned that agencies like Orbitz, Travelocity etc. have room blocks assigned to them. Booking that way is cheaper but your room choices are limited. I'd venture a guess that those rooms are NOT the best available. Personally, I would rather pay more.I requested a renovated upper-floor Lakeview King and ended up on the South Tower's 12th floor. I'm not sure the room was fully renovated... the bathroom was sparkling with new tile, but the furniture in the main room was definitely outdated. Not &quot;charming&quot; outdated, &quot;second-guest-room&quot; outdated. Even the old pieces were clean and in good condition. We had no trouble with the A/C, hot water or plumbing. Main areas like the lobby and elevators are also an older style (engraved brass doors, large marble tiles), but not unattractive.In our case, the spectacular view made up for the room's age. With the bay window, we could see all the way from Navy Pier to Adler Planetarium, Shedd Aquarium and the Field Musem (including Soldier Field behind it). Buckingham Fountain is front &amp; center, and especially gorgeous at night! We never wanted to close the curtains.I would not have been happy in a city-view room. The ice machine area was on the city side and when I walked over to get ice, I saw rooms with views of either other hotel guests' windows (NO thank you!), or buildings to the left/right of the hotel, or the parking structure out back.With a good room, the only bad experience we had was breakfast in the Gazebo. Our waiter didn't check on us after our initial order, not even to refill my coffee. I would have flagged him down, but I literally did not see him again. We ordered up or ate off-site other mornings, rather than deal with that again. The service in all other areas (including the formal restaurant) was excellent.Knowing what to expect from an older building, we had a great experience at the Congress. I would stay again or recommend it to someone low-maintenance, especially those planning to get out in the city and spend less time in the room. More particular people and business travelers should probably look elsewhere.	
Aug 6 2007 	Falling Apart	The room was a decent size. But, the bathroom was absolute nightmare. The tub did not drain, there was no exhaust fan, and there were holes on the wall!!	
Aug 3 2007 	It's ok if you are prepared	I stayed at the Congress Plaza Hotel for two nights. It wasn't the worst hotel I have ever stayed in, but it wasn't the best either. If you understand that the regular rooms have some problems then you will be fine. I don't know what the suites are like as I didn't stay in one. If you are expecting something like the Omni or Hyatt, you are going to be very disappointed. You really can't beat the price for the location. The Hilton two blocks south wanted $110 more for a standard room. You can walk up Michigan Avenue to shopping and museums. There are also several buses that stop right in front of the hotel that will take you up Michigan Avenue. A one-way ride on the bus costs $2. You can buy passes for different time frames as well. Plus, there is a free trolley stop about half a block from the hotel. I was in a Standard King room facing Congress Avenue. It was fairly noisy during the night. I could hear the train. However, what bothered me more was the bass that I could hear from the cars on the street below. I was on the 5th floor. The only thing that I heard from the other rooms was when they turned on the water, but I hear that in other hotels.The room itself was fairly clean. The carpet was old, but looked like it had been shampooed recently. There was new wood trim on the walls, but the carpet was coming up in the corners. It also looked like they had hung wallpaper right over some peeling paint. I could see the texture though the wallpaper. The bed was squeaky. Every time I moved, I heard all of the springs.The bathroom looked like it had been remodeled in the past few years, but I don't think it was quite finished. There was a hole in the ceiling around the sprinkler and the ceiling had some brown stains on it. The rest of the bathroom was pretty nice. The tiles looked shiny and new and the bathtub was fairly clean. I did have to let the water run in the shower for a few minutes before the hot water came out, but it did stay hot for the entire shower. One of the elevators in the North tower was out of service on one of the days I stayed there, so it took a long time for the elevator to arrive. But when both of them were working, the elevators were very fast. There are still workers on strike outside of the hotel. I guess they have been striking since 2003. Really I only saw them picketing once. The rest of the time, they were sitting at a table. I did not witness them harrassing anyone (guests or other workers) during my stay. You can avoid them by using the side entrances. During my stay, some taxi drivers also went on strike. I guess my recommendation would be to make an informed decision about this hotel. You have to decide if the price is worth it.	
Aug 1 2007 	Good Location and Good Price	I went to this hotel with plenty of trepidation considering the mixed reviews on this site. I was pleasantly surprised. The &quot;picket line&quot; was down to just four people, and the hotel inside was functioning perfectly. My room (a double-double) was ample, the AC worked, it had hot water, it was clean, and it even had a small walk in closet. The hotel does look its age, but not in a &quot;it's not clean&quot; way, just an old way. The staff was helpful with requests (the only one was more towels), although not flexible on a Sunday noon checkout time. The price (about $360 with taxes for a July Friday-Sunday) was right - at least $100 less than nearby hotels. The location is perfect for walking along the lakefront, Millennium Park, and it's just a 3 block walk from the CTA Subway (a bit too long if you're carrying lots of bags). If you're someone who refuses to cross a picket line, there is a side door on Congress St which allows you to get inside without crossing any picketers. The downstairs bar was nice, and open until about 2:30am (drinks priced average, food expensive). It's not a fancy chain hotel, but it was great for a place to sleep and bathe and see Chicago.	
Jul 31 2007 	Worst hotel experience of my life!	Do NOT ever stay at the Congress Plaza hotel in Chicago. Do yourself a favor and spend the extra 50 or so bucks to stay at a different hotel...this hotel is not worth it! The first room we were given was the most disgusting, creepy, smelly hotel room I have ever been in. We immediately requested a new room but found that one to be just about as disgusting. It was enough to reduce me to tears at the thought of having to spend my anniversary with my husband in this hotel. The room smelled of mold and mildew, the bedding looked as if it hadn't been washed in decades (I used a t-shirt as a pillow case cause I refused to put my head on their disgusting cases), the paint was peeling, the furniture looked like it was thrown together from rummage sales and the carpeting was stained and nasty (I kept flip flops on at all times, I wouldn't dare let my feet touch that floor). They did, however, have a brand new flat screen TV hanging on their nasty walls...they should save the money and use it to clean up their hotel. I will never, ever, ever stay at this hotel again and will do everything I can to make sure other people know not to ever go here!!!!!	
Jul 28 2007 	Buckingham section of hotel are like servants quarters but location is perfect.	I was given a room on the fourth floor in the Buckingham Wing. This is in the back of the hotel with its own elevator that is weathered and had a bottle of beer laying in the corner when I walked in. The floor's carpeting and room decor look older. The carpet and the wallpaper still have the Congress Plaza logos so these may be antique collectors items. However, the location of this hotel makes up for the common complaint that this hotel needs refurbishment. The rooms in the Buckingham wing feel more like servant's quarters and mine overlooked the car garage but is was large and spacious and had a charm of its own. The bathroom was also quite large. It had a flat screen TV and service was excellent.The vending machines and convenience store are really expensive so walk over to Walgreens or 7-11 nearby to avoid the expense. Across the street is the Buckingham fountain and Millenium park with the Art institute just a couple of blocks away.All in all, the location makes up for the hotel's shortcomings.	
Jul 25 2007 	In need of refurbishment but alright	We stayed in this hotel one night. We booked it through the internet for 160$ plus taxes. Reserved a standard queen room but got upgraded to a lakeview king room at check in. This hotel reminded me of many old-glory European hotels. Although in serious need of refurbishment, the hotel got character. Most of the furnishing is dating back to the 70's, rooms are quite noisy, there were stains of water on the ceiling, but all in all the room looked clean.Bed was pretty old and uncomfortable, linens were spotless, bathroom was clean. The view of the lake was fabolous. Staff were non-existent, check in staff was ok, bellmen were quite rude. All in all a decent experience at a decent price for downtown Chicago.	
Jul 16 2007 	felt grand at the Congress Plaza	The Congress Plaza is a beautiful hotel. I loved the high ceilings and the detail in the old banisters and elevator doors. I felt as though in its day, the Congress Plaza was a place where movie stars and royalty might have stayed. You can tell that the walls and doors have been repainted more than once, but I thought that this gave the room a cozy antique feel. There was a huge walk-in closet in the room which I was especially happy with, because it helped to keep belongings organized and out of sight. The bed was big and comfy. No complaints about anything.	
Jul 12 2007 	Stay Away!!! Really 1/2 Star!	This hotel is in serious need of a renovation. It is an extremely old hotel with a musty smell. I just got back (7/12/07) from a conference and stayed in this hotel and what a big mistake!!! My admin. assist. made the reservations and when I was about to leave on my trip, I search for this hotel's review and I knew I was in trouble. The previously reviewers were all correct on this hotel. The ones that gave it anything above a 2 star were smoking crack when they were there or when they were writing their reviews. My room (&amp;44) was very small and extremely dated. It looked into a psuedo-atrium werher I could see everyone else's rooms through their uncovered windows. The room had no refridgerator and had terrible TV reception, even though it was cable. The room's ceiling had water stains, cracked walls and ceiling above the curtains, no tub (just shower), non-working light in the shower, rust build up in the shower light casing, un-even carpeted floors. There was also no &quot;DO NOT DISTURB&quot; sign in your door and no visitors magazine that would give you some idea of the surrounding areas (most hotels who charge $140/night have these!!!). Not only that, the peephole on he dorr was painted over at least 5 times so you couldn't see who was at your door. How unsafe is that. !!!How can they havea hotel like this on Michigan Ave??!! Everyone on my elevator rides were complaining about their rooms.If you are going to Chicago, go to the Hilton, that is two blocks south on Michagan Ave. It is 10 times better and its about the same price. Avoid this place like the plague. Please see my photos if you don't beleive me.	
Jul 9 2007 	hated the congress plaza in chicago il	I booked my trip through hotels.com and when we arrived at the Congress Plaza hotel in chicago we were very disapointed. The hotel is extremly outdated and dirty. the furnishings does not match the carpet is old and worn out and raised in the middle of the floor, The closet needs paint badly, the closet, doors, woodwork, walls and ceiling had cracked chipped paint everywhere. the bathroom has stained sink and toilet and the porceline on the tub is cracked. there is no regulator on the water so the shower releases extremly hot water or freezing cold at any time during your shower. the tiles in the bathroom are old and worn. there is no vanity in the bathroom and the sink has no countertops. the bedspread looks like the first bedspread I bought when I was 21 in my first apartment ( cheap) the room had 2 old ugly outdated pitcures hanging and uncoordinated colors throughout the room. they give you 2 full size beds instead of 2 queen size as i requested. The beds has spring matresses and very unconfortable. If you sit on the side of the bed it goes to the floor. My stay there was a nightmare and when I complained i was told it was nothing they could do. on the web they advertise newly remodeled rooms and they show the lobby and conference rooms. Don't be fooled like we were. The lobby is not representitive of the conditions of the rooms. It looks like 2 different owners own the hotel and the lobby. Terrible is not a strong enough word to express my time in that hotel. We left the next day and paid $391.00 to stay at the Silversmith because we could not stand another night in that nasty hotel. The Silversmith I would recomend to anyone it was beautiful and confortable clean everything we expected for our stay	
Jul 8 2007 	Low-ish price low qualty!	This was the best bang for our buck this weekend, so I was able to get past the fact that the hotel workers were on strike picketting outside the hotel, along with the fact that a good portion of the guest rooms were being rehabed and it was a tad dusty. However, we were assigned a room that was the fire escape, as in in the event that there was a fire, everyone on our floor would have to come through our room to get to the fire escape. When you turned the lights off in the room, they all went off! Either all off or all on! The shower has very low pressure, and did not drain, so you end up standing in 3-4 inches of water. Upon returning to the hotel after our night out in the city, we attempted to get a can of soda ($1.50) from the vending machine on our floor, but it just took the money and produced no soda nor a refund. When we attempted to alert the front desk, we had to call 3 times before anone answered. When we finally did speak to someone, they did not offer a refund, but said they would put an &quot;Out of order&quot; sign on the machine, but for the rest of our stay, it never received one. The onsite restruant is also closed for lunch (even on Saturday!). All in all, you get what you pay for, if that.	
Jul 7 2007 	top location	While visiting my brother in Indiana we decided to stay in Chicago one night to see the sights. The Congress was recommended by a colleague but when I checked it with trip advisor the reviews were dreadful and i wasn't looking forward to my stay. When we arrived the room was not yet ready but we expected this as we were very early, they kindly took our luggage to allow us to go see the sights. The location was just spot on and a short walk away from most sights and faces onto the lake. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful at all times during our stay from Marco the bell captain to Sheila the conscierge (3rd generation Irish!). Breakfast wasn't included but was well worth the extra €12 or so, with a wide selection of both hot and cold food available from the buffet. The room was basic but clean with a very comfy bed, better than I expected with a nice view. Overall we had a very positive experience.	
Jul 6 2007 	Fine for the money	I stayed at the Congress with some friends in December for a conference. I hadn't read any reviews so I wasn't quite sure what to expect. The first thing we encountered was the picket line, but for the most part they were quiet and kept to themselves. The only day they were rude (calling us scabs and shouting &quot;shame on you&quot;) was when some jerk that the union pays to make a scene showed up and started chanting. Hint: Use the side entrances. As for the rooms, ours was fine, we actually got a suite that we didn't pay for and it seemed clean enough. We didn't have much interaction with the staff but the bellmen were very nice and even went out of the way to obtain a private airport shuttle for our group. So, it's not a perfect hotel, but it's in a great place in a great city, we are staying there again in December and looking forward to it!	
Jun 4 2007	Loved the Congress	Chicago booked up so with great trepidation reserved room at Congress Plaza Hotel - it was welcoming - clean - there WAS hot water - wonderful location - lovely room with bay window looking towards Lake Michigan - strikers not in evidence - food good in breakfast room - nice bar for nightcap - all good.	
Jun 3 2007 	Don't Go There!!!	Unfortunately I stayed at the Congress Plaza for 4 nights while visiting the NRA Show. I can sometimes be over critical and judgemental when it comes to staying in hotels because I work in them, but this was by far the worst ever. Not sure where to start, it is old, workers on strike outside the entrance screaming &quot;Shame on You!&quot; while you are walking in, old and dirty rooms, AC was not working, and a used bar of soap from the previous resident was still in the shower with accompanying dark hairs!!! not a pleasant stay. I would have gone don the street to the Hilton, but they were fully booked because of the show. Breakfast I have to admit was ok, but that was the only decent offering in the hotel. I tried to spend the least time possible in it, so didnt see anything else. Internet is available in the rooms for 9.95+ per day. While I was there it was down for a good part of one day...still got billed for it though.My advice is not to go.	
May 24 2007 	Scary shower/ horrible service	I read the reviews of this hotel and was a little hesitant to stay here, but we had no choice because everything else was booked because we decided to stay an extra day at the last minute. The hotel workers were still on strike and would ask you &quot;did you have a nice sleep? Don't you feel dirty?&quot; when you walked out of the hotel. Well, I did feel dirty. The employees at this hotel were the rudest bunch of people I have ran into in a while. Maybe because they were scabs and crossed the picket line.Our room was extremely hot, even though it was about 68 degrees out side. The &quot;air conditioner&quot;, and I use that term loosely, was the equivalent of me blowing out while sucking on an ice cube. I called housekeeping and they were very rude and said &quot;why don't you open a window?&quot;. Wow, how helpful! Then when I had called room service for the fourth time and kept being switched over to the front desk, he said &quot;Well, call back later, maybe they're busy.&quot; I'm surprised at the lack of concern for their guests. You cannot call down to get your car from the valet, you have to actually come down and hand them the ticket before hand. When we did finally reach room service, we order Lobster Bisque, or rather a soup that they hung a lobster over the boiling water so it kind of smelled like fish...and Iced Tea. They didn't bring us sugar or sweetener, salf, pepper or even a tiny cracker to go with the soup. I wonder if everyone was on strike? Even the cooks. The room was pretty clean, if not really old and the bedspreads were from the 70's. The small bathroom had a cracked sink that was barely holding on the the wall and we had the &quot;fun house&quot; shower. In the middle of a warm stream, the water would turn scalding hot and burn you, then when you finally got it back to warm, it was shut off the hot all together and be ice cold. You had to shower in a hurry and if you have children, DO NOT put them in there alone! They could get seriously burned.Do not stay here. It's frightening and you can tell the workers who have crossed the picket line, hate you.	
May 21 2007 	Worst Hotel Ever!	This was absolutely the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. As I walked into the hotel the cleaning crew was on strike. Not a good sign!! The hotel room was old, dirty, and it smelled. The A/C didn't work, the alarm clock was broken and only one lamp worked. Yes this is a cheap hotel and not a bad location but for only a couple of dollars more you can at least sleep at night.. I would run from this hotel not walk.	
May 14 2007 	No AC-save your money!	My girlfriend and I stayed here for two nights. People were complaining it was cold so they turned the AC off. They said the whole building runs on one AC unit. So weather you're cold or not, the AC automatically shuts off when the temp reaches 60 degrees. There are no individual AC/HEAT room controls. We paid $140.00 per night and the room was worth maybe $50.00. The room was not only hot, but it smelled and the plumbing doesn't work properly. Everything in the room was old. There are no air vents in the bathrooms. The staff was as unprofessional as you can possibly get. Oh yeah, and it cost $27.00 per night to park at this hotel. I would'nt stay here again for free. Good Luck.	
May 12 2007 	Adequate price was right	My one night at Congress Plaza was adequate, if not inspiring. Check-in was a breeze, the room was spacious, but a little musty (non-smoking, but smelled like that hadn't always been the case) The building is old and interesting, my room clean, water pressure excellent, very quiet hallway (a Thursday night). The TV was small, and the window faced a bank of ajacent rooms yet there was no privacy curtain. You either drew the entire, huge curtain and blocked every bit of natural light, or let every guest on the opposite side see your business. The workout room was dingy and unpleasant. The striking workers were out front, but quiet and unobtrusive. I have no strong inclination to revisit the hotel, but no particular objections to it. Other than check-in and out, I had no real interaction with the staff. I also failed to explore the convention rooms and the interior of the building, which I regret, because it is old, ornate and architecurally interesting.	
Apr 27 2007 	Gross Hotel. I would not stay here if it was free	This was a terrible hotel. First, the front desk staff was rude to everyone I saw them interact with, including me. They should all be fired. The room was gross. They are way too expensive for what you get. The only good thing about this hotel was the door man named Joe. He was a wonderful hard worker. He needs a raise. This hotel should be owned by someone else because it does have potential just because of the location. I would not stay here again if it was free b/c it was so gross. My room was not clean. The bathtub had water in it, dirty water, like someone had taken a bath, got out, not drained the water. That is how it was when I walked in. The girls working up front did not care, once again they should be fired and go back to their jobs at the gas station.	
Apr 21 2007 	Seemed fine to me	I had much trepidation about staying here after reading the excoriating reviews on this site. Actually, it's fine: it isn't the cheapest hotel on offer, but it is decent value given its great down town/on-the-lake location. My girlfriend and I shared a &quot;lake view&quot; room on the tenth floor: 111 bucks a night and no complaints. It was roomy, clean and everything worked fine. Two blocks further uptown (in say, the Hilton Palmer House) would have been another 50 bucks a night. I'm not exactly sure what other travellers expect for this kind of money, but it seemed in line (or slightly cheaper) than other big city hotels when I've been on conference.Didn't spend much time in the hotel other than the room itself (who does?), but it was clean and quiet, while the staff were helpful when required. It is true that the local union is on strike, but this is limited to a few (say, 3) cold looking and silent individuals walking round with signs in the morning outside the main entrance of the hotel. They are not aggresive and/or bothered by tourists/travellers, and we weren't bothered by them in the slightest. If you are bothered, use another entrance (there are several).	
Apr 20 2007 	Michigan Ave’s best kept secret?	Stay dates: 11-13 April 2007Room: 802Either the Congress Plaza Hotel has undergone a miraculous transformation, or the folks that have stayed and written previous reports on Trip Advisor are hotel snobs of the worst kind. I felt that the reviews were utterly and entirely untrue, and my stay was most enjoyable.I booked Congress Plaza, as it was the only option for a last minute business trip that had rooms available for less than $300 night. Needless to say, after reading the reviews here I was certainly expecting the worst and hoping for not quite so bad.Our Chicago office is just a few blocks South in Michigan Ave, so we walked to the hotel instead of taking a cab. Moreover, yes, as reported, the service employees are on strike and picketing at the main entrance. They were not obnoxious and did not try to make our entrance difficult, but were rather a small circular group of about eight people with picket signs. I only saw them the first day.We entered the hotel and right away I was pleasantly surprised to find it clean and orderly (again the reviews here were horrible). Check in only took a few minutes and I was given my room key. The walk to the elevators required a pass by of the main lobby, and it was in beautiful shape. Leather Windsor furniture in a spacious open area was the setting of travelers of all kinds enjoying the ambiance: international, business and families. I took a quick peek into the Tavern Tap Tavern and found the same: a beautiful large bar with ornate wood carving features and hand hammered brass top bar. The liquor cabinets appeared to be well stocked and there were beers on tap (Harp as I recall). The antique elevators were awesome. I took them to the eighth floor and once I got off did find the carpet to be yes a little worn, but along the walk to my room, I never was greeted with horrible odors. In fact, the hallway was devoid of any smell. I swiped my electronic key and opened the door to my room to find the same pleasant lack of smell.The room was quite nice. A full king size bed, table with chair, walk in closet and dresser drawers for clothing. There were plenty of electrical outlets and a lengthy Ethernet cable for wired access. The bathroom was huge and spotless. There were ample towels, wash cloths and a new shower curtain. In the large and spacious bathroom were hair dryer, soap and shampoo, and two boxes of tissue. Also, as I was unpacking my suitcase, a hotel employee knocked on my door to ask if everything was fine and did I need anything; towels, soap, extra pillows etc. So far, I found nothing to be critical about.My colleague and I were tired after a long day of travel and decided to just eat at the hotel restaurant, Rafael Steak-House: We were given fresh breads and butter, then I ordered the grilled salmon and he one of the pasta dishes. I had the lobster bisque and he a house salad. Both were quite good and the service excellent.Afterwards I visited the Exercise room and again, there are no complaints there. Plenty of treadmills and some aerobic equipment were available to accommodate 12-20 people. A large television was available as well.My sleep was pleasant enough, however the bed was too firm to my liking. This is the one area I feel most hotels fail at anyway, so I can’t raise a flag for this. The room was a bit warm (we had snow and it was cold for a Texan), so I simply turned off the heater.For breakfast, we decided on the breakfast buffet at the Gazebo and it was as good as a higher priced chain. You really have to try to screw up a breakfast buffet. An omelet chef was available if you didn’t want the buffet. The buffet included eggs, meats, fresh fruit, breads, waffles, and cold cereal and milk.Checkout was easy as well. I tried to check out at the automated kiosk, but my card swipe didn’t work. I went to the desk and was impressed at the over all speed of checkout. Other facilities included an in-house barber, snack bar (they were running low on soft drinks), and plenty of staff available to answer any question you might have. In conclusion, I was VERY PLEASED to be surprised by the whole experience. If you plan to travel to downtown Chicago for business or pleasure, you won’t go wrong on staying at the Congress Plaza.	
Apr 15 2007	Sufficient for a quick stay	I was in Chicago for a conference, and because the conference hotels were too expensive, I decided to stay down the road at the Congress Plaza Hotel. When I arrived, some of the workers on strike were in front with signs... however, I never experienced any troubles or lack of services due to the strike. The lobby of the hotel looks pretty nice, but the rooms and hallways are old... I mean VERY old and run-down. It was fine for a short stay, where I wasn't too concerned about the appearance of my room, but if that's something you're concerned about, don't stay here! There were holes in the wallpaper, the carpet was fraying, and overall, the hotel just needs some serious updating. The walls are paper-thin - you can hear EVERYTHING in the room next to you - talking, television, phone ringing, etc. It didn't really bother me too much... but just remember, if you can hear them, they can hear you!! The location of the hotel is great - just across from Grant Park. There is a bus stop right in front of the hotel, and you can take the bus to just about any place you'd want. This was quite handy, especially with the unpredictable Chicago weather! The front desk staff was friendly for the most part, but not overly knowledgeable - when I asked about some inexpensive restaurants in walking distance, they had no idea! But they were nice about it! haha. I did have one really frustrating moment with the hotel... During one day of my stay, I was exhausted an decided to nap during the afternoon. However, there was some really loud banging and drilling. So I called the front desk to ask if there was some kind of construction going on, and they said that they were laying carpet in the hallways (not in my hallway, I guess just above me maybe), and that they would be working until five! Now, I know that the hotel was booked no where near capacity - I very rarely saw other guests on the elevators, etc. Why would they book guests in rooms near where they were doing this work??? So, if you're looking for an inexpensive hotel in downtown Chicago, and you aren't concerned about the appearance of your room... this is a good place. Otherwise, I might suggest looking a little further.	
Apr 10 2007 	Avoid this hotel	This hotel should be avoided for several reasons. First, its housekeeping workers have been on strike for some time over sub-market pay and poor benefits. Had we known this up front, we never would have booked the room. The stinginess of the hotel owners toward their employees appears to have carried over into the maintenance of the hotel's rooms and common areas. First, we had no hot water in our shower. After we complained twice, the front desk sent someone up to tinker with the pipes. (The result was not great, but satisfactory.) In addition, Internet service was down during our entire stay. Also, on our first night, we hoped to get a convenient bite to eat after our travels, but we were disappointed to discover that the restaurant had closed half an hour early. In summary, this hotel treats its employees badly and it doesn't do a lot for its guests, either.	
Mar 21 2007 	Run don't walk from this hotel	This was a terrible hotel that I paid for long after I left.I initally had a room with high ceilings. The room itself had seen better days. It reeked of smoke which should have been surprising since it was a non-smoking room.I was awoken at 4am with a loud buzz saw sound coming from the front door. I thought it was the Texas Chainsaw Massacre (that's how loud it was) It turned out to be the lock for the door. There was also a leak in the ceiling that was shorting out the lock.I called the front desk they said they would do something about it, the sound seemed to stop so I went back to bed. About an hour later, the noise woke me up again, only this time it was raining in the hallway outside my room and my bathroom was completely cover in water which was pouring down from the ceiling.A man in the room above was asleep in the bath with the water pouring over the sides and onto the floor. While I do not blame the hotel for this I do blame the hotel for not figuring out this an hour or so earlier when I first complained. They moved me into a Penthouse suite which was very large. However, there were numerous &quot;wet&quot; spots on the floor. The smell of mold in the room was sickening and while I seemed to get used to it when I got home I had a serious sinus infection from the mold in the room. The water pressure in this room was also non-existent. The shower trickled out.I was here for a conference at another hotel and while the location was good the ammenties of this hotel was very poor.	
Mar 14 2007 	stinks	The experience at the Congress Plaza Hotel was terrible. The front desk staff was less than helpful on a number of requests that I made. The computers on the first floor weren’t working. The hotel did not make the transition to Daily Savings Time which meant that the wake up call was one hour late. I almost missed my flight. Finally, the overall stench of disinfectant made returning to the hotel a particularly unpleasant idea.	
Mar 6 2007	Nothing good but the location	This is an old, run down hotel. It is considered &quot;historic&quot; and has been a fixture in dntwn Chicago for a very long time. As long as you don't care what quality of hotel you stay in, the location is great for the price. You won't find another hotel for this price in dntwn Chicago. Make sure you don't pay any more than $100 per night. We paid less than that and still weren't impressed. We asked for one of the &quot;recently remodeled rooms&quot; and found that it only means a room with a tub overlay and newer cheap carpet. There were still holes in the walls, furniture, shabby bedding, etc...It is nostalgic in the way that you can definitely tell you are in an old hotel: the ceilings are high, the walls are plaster, the halls are like mazes and the doors are the originals but have been painted over many times. Our room overlooked the park and the lake on the fourth floor, so the view was good. The front desk staff was nice but spoke broken English - all of them. The restaurants and hotel bar are awful. We stayed in the bar downstairs long enough to laugh at the place and it's patrons... pathetic. We went to the Hard Rock and W lounges for drinks and appetizers before dinner.Again, this hotel can only really say that it’s a good location for the price. All cab rides to anywhere we wanted to go downtown were under $10. Good luck.	
Feb 27 2007 	A good hotel	I was worried about staying here after reading some of the comments about this hotel. I was actually really happy with my stay. The staff were mostly friendly, the room was clean and the location is great.I originally booked here because expedia were offering a free room upgrade - the room was got was massive and even though it was at the back end of the building there was no noise from the outside.I did have a run in with the protesters - 'shame on you' was shouted at me by one individual but once I informed the person that I was going to call the police if it kept up he quickly calmed down.Only downside to the stay was the hotel bartender (wearing a red tshirt) - asked me for id the first night I was there (i'm 28) and asfter that was rude to me and my girlfriend and we often had to get someone else to serve us.I would recommend this hotel in a heart beat, it's a good price and it does what it can to make your stay enjoyable.	
Feb 27 2007 	Over priced horribly operated	During a trip to chicago me and my friends stayed here. the only thing that went well concerning the hotel were the people we meet in the bar.We were in the Buckingham wing, which is extremly poor in comparision to the other wing of the hotel.The problem , (not counting having to walk through a picket line) we were directed to the wrong room, by the lady who checked us in she forgot to tell us that we were int he buckingham wing and that our elevators were at the far end of the hallway and not to go to the gold elevators. Secondly it took over 90 minutes for us to get into the room with several failed keys, and a unhelpful lock repair person.the rooms smelled of marijuana, and stale beer. As did the hallways. the wallpaper was peeling and no sign of repairs anywhere.This was not what we expecte at the more expensive hotel we were staying in while in chicago. Our reservations luckily only lasted a couple of nights due to its outragous rates. Even during a blues festival in chicago would i not expect to ever again pay two hundred dollars or more for a room of such quality.the only other good thing that can be said about this hotel is it is close to the harriston red line station.	
Feb 13 2007 	Terrible	We were very disappointed by our visit. We asked for non-smoking, and were assured our room was, but you could tell there was faint smoky smell. The room was large, but the bathtub wouldn't drain, the toilet was not anchored to the floor, I was afraid I was going not only fall off of it, but have it tip over. When we went to the front desk and asked for the tub to be fixed and the toilet, we waited 2 days. Then they offered to put us in a smaller room with no view. We chose to go back to our room. Nothing taken off our room charge, and we were there a week. Besides having to go uptown everyday for what we wanted to see and do, I was very disappointed and wouldn't recommend this to anyone. Not for 139.00 a night!!! Maybe at 50.00 a night! Very dingy hotel. Almost like the Tower of Terror in Disney world!	
Feb 8 2007	Pleasantly suprised	Read many reviews of this hotel before staying and was prepared for the worst. It was one of the cheapest rates for downtown hotels on hotels.com but found out hotels.com could not guarantee a non-smoking room. Called the hotel directly and they could. On top of that they offered the same room-rate as HOtels.com. We decided to bump up and extra 20bucks to get a 'lakeview king'. We stayed Jan24-25. We were going to chance that it would be ok (if not we would drink champaign till it did not matter or sleep on top of the bed with earplugs). Anyway we were not attending a widget convention just being tourists.We did not see any picketers. Although the place seemed almost deserted the staff was very helpful and pleasant. Our room on the 12th floor seemed recently remodeled and everything worked well. I was very surprised. Our view was magnificent! We could see almost everything we planned to visit(the bay-like windows give you an almost 180degree view). The place was very quiet (possibly from vacancy) and we slept well, although the between room door did not do a good job of soundproofing our neighbors room. Basically, you cant beat the location (you can walk,cab,or bus quickly to anywhere). Use the money you save on long cab-rides to bump up your room to one with a lake view. Maybe those are the ones that have been given the facelift. I suggest going to nearby eateries and bar/pubs as the ones in the lobby had a ghost-town feel. You are only a block or two from good morning coffee and affordable cafes.The Hilton it is not, but it was clean, cheap, and had a commanding view and perfect location for sightseeing on a budget.	
Jan 25 2007	I had a great time!	I was very hestitant about staying here with reading all the reviews but I decided to do it and see what happened. What happened was I had a really good time! We stayed from Jan 19-21 in a lakeview king and it was great. The service was awesome, everyone was very nice from the bartender to the housekeeper. Our room and every part the hotel that we were in was very clean. The hotel is massive. It's divided into two towers that are connected by the lobby. We stayed in the odd number tower and our view was spectacular. We could see the lake for miles. On the right we could see Soldier Field, the aquarium and the Field Museum, on the left, Navy Pier. I would advise however, if you are a light sleeper, either get a room on a higher floor (there are 14) or don't get a room that faces the lake because it sits right on Michigan Ave and the noise from the street never stops. It didn't bother us any but for some it might. It's true that there is a strike going on and it's been going on for awhile but there are several other exits one can use if it bothers you. If you do go out the main doors, the poeple striking don't bother you nor do they bother the door man that assists you. This hotel is very old but I love history so I thought it was great, however there are a lot of little corridors that take you to your room, but everything is clearly marked and we had no trouble what so ever. They are remodeling but we never once heard any noise from the construction.	
Jan 12 2007 	If you stay here you will be crossing a picket line	I was horrified to find out that I was crossing a picket line since the permanent union of this hotel went on strike 2 years ago! I was in the hotel about 5 minutes when one of the other guests told me about it, since they only found out later and were leaving. I would not like that on my head since I think that Unions are important and that these people deserve honest pay for their jobs. I would like to warn you not to stay here and not to schedule events here because it is the only hotel in Chicago that does not list the fact that it has a stoppage strike going on at this time. When we got home we researched it and it is real!You can find ingo it you look online.I was shocked!Hope this does not happen to anyone.	
Jan 6 2007 	Ok price but has issues.	I stayed at the hotel for business because of the location and price. Lobby is beautiful. Hotel is near some local, quaint resteraunts. The self-check in kiosks would have been handy, but I couldn't use it because it wouldn't accept my credit card. My business partner had no issues though. The biggest issue I had was with the key cards. Even though I purposely kept it away from my cell phone, I had to go to the front desk 3 times to reactivate it. The front desk people were not overly friendly, but resolved the issue in a timely manner. The room was decent and the bathroom seemed to have been redone recently so I had no issues with hot water. I don’t know if I would come back for personal travel but for the amount of time I spent in the room it was fine for buisness.	
Jan 4 2007 	You get what you pay for!	The old saying is true, we did get what we payed for. The hotel was cheap for its location, this is true. But to me, the price was not worth the indifferent staff, dirty rooms and overall creepyness. yes, I do want a deal like everyone else, but I also want a nice vacation! Next time I will not be willingto compromise our stay to save a few bucks. We will be back to Chicago, but not to the Congress!	
Jan 3 2007 	Yuck!	Worst experience ever! I recently moved to Illinois and decided to take my Mother to Chicago when she came to visit. We checked in with no problem. We stayed New Years Day. Someone the night before apparently had too much to drink and left it all over the left side of the door. We called housekeeping and had is cleaned up. Then at 11:30 p.m. we where woken up by extremely loud music. The room next to us was having a party. We called the front desk and asked to switched rooms. The next morning the shower took 10 minutes to get warm. As we where getting ready to check out we check the closet and drawers to make sure we did not leave anything behind. We did not but apparently someone else did. There was a drawer full of moldy food. It is a beautiful building but is horrible dirty.	
Dec 27 2006 	Great value great location	I stayed in Chicago for 2 weeks in May 2006, and staying at the Congress Plaza made my stay even more enjoyable. You cant get a better deal than $114 per night for a huge room with view of the Lake. Well done Congress Plaza Hotel.Owen (Sydney, Australia)	
Dec 12 2006 	Great Location	I stayed at the Congress Plaza for four nights at the end of Nov, i was very nervous about the hotel due to reading some awful reviews, I was very pleasently surprised the hotel may be a little old fashioned but it is a nice relaxed hotel, I requested a lakeview room which they provided, the views are beautiful, the rooms are a nice size and are clean and comfortable, really suitable for people who want to see the city, the hotel is within walking distance of all sights, shops, restaurants etc. If you are the type of people who like to holiday in a relaxed atmosphere and just get on with your own plans this hotel is perfect, for the location and price we found it good choice.	
Dec 10 2006 	Words cannot describe this... but I'll try!	Oh my! What a hotel! This hotel is very strange. It's divided into two different sections, so if you're staying there with a group of friends in different rooms, ensure the rooms are in the same general location.The bed is extraordinarily uncomfortable! And the furnishings I'm sure were in style when the hotel opened when George Washington was in the second grade. The bathroom was disgusting as well! The only reason this place stays in business is because of it's helpful staff, location, and price. It's only about a 5-minute walk to Millennium Park, about 20-minutes from the GREAT shopping on Michigan Avenue, and about 10-minutes from the shores of Lake Michigan. The &quot;El&quot; is only a couple of blocks away, so again it's location is very favorable.If price and location are very important to you, I'd stay here. If not, do yourself a favor and find another hotel to stay in.	
Nov 8 2006	It's okay	I recently stayed in the Congress Plaza while attending a show at McCormick Place. There were several persons from my Company staying there and I will say that for the most part the comments were unfavorable. Many of the comments I've read in the reviews here were reiterated by some of my co-workers although my experience was different. My room faced out onto Michigan Avenue and I am guessing that it may have been one of the rooms that had been re-done. The room was spacious, the bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was functional and well laid out. I certainly did not get the sense that the room was unclean, certainly no worse than your standard chain hotel. I had set my expectations very low after reading the comments here and I was pleasantly surprised. I had hoped for a clean room and hot water, certainly very basic expectations, and I am very pleased to say that it far exceeded those expectations. It is strange though to see picketers out front after all of these years, but they did not bother any of the guests as far as I could tell. The lobby in the hotel is very beautiful with wonderful mosaic tile on the ceiling. All in all, not bad and I would not be upset about staying there again and it is hard to argue with the price of the hotel in that part of Chicago.	
Nov 7 2006 	If you're looking for History 	We stayed at the Congress this past weekend, and were a bit worried after reading the reviews on here, but knew of others who had stayed and were happy with the experience, so thought we'd give the Congress a chance. We were pleasantly surprised! Is it old? Yes. But that is part of the charm. I prefer not to stay at cookie cutter hotels, and always look for the independent boutique hotels. If you prefer the dime a dozen chain hotels than this is not for you. But if you look for quaint, historical architecture and character, than you will enjoy this hotel. We had a clean, spacious double room with large bay windows that overlooked the park and Lake Michigan. Beautiful view! And for such an affordable price, you are right on Michigan Ave, close to all the good shopping and dining. Checking in and out was a breeze, with automatic kiosks similar to the airport. True the elevators were old, but felt completely safe and just added to the character. We would recommend this hotel and plan on visiting in the future. Again, it is not for everyone, but if you're looking to experience a true Chicago hotel, I think it was built in the late 1800's, you will enjoy the experience!	
Nov 1 2006 	Twilight Zone Hotel	Since the purpose of my trip was for work, I chose the Congress Plaza Hotel because it was close to the training area and was the cheapest of all hotels. While the location is great, the hotel room was not. I have stayed in my fair share of hotels for work and leisure, and this tops the list of 'Never Come Back.' It is not that the hotel is old - I appreciate charm and antiquity. It's the lack of attention to detail - The room smells dank, and the base moulding is still unvarnished. The room closet has exposed pipes and is creepy (I agree with the earlier references to &quot;The Shining&quot;). I did not get much rest during my stay. On a positive note, the bathrooms seemed more modern than the room, and the hotel staff was cordial. All in all, I would not recommend this hotel.	
Oct 20 2006 	Weird Hotel	Ok ,we stayed at this hotel for 2 days. this is the weirdest hotel i ever stayed at. First of all it was built in the 1800's and the &quot;New part&quot; was built in 1904. If you have ever seen the movie &quot;The Shining&quot; this hotel looked just like that hotel. Only it was in Chicago. We stayed in the &quot;new part&quot;. and if you walk around this hotel you will see No one else walking around on your floor. its like there is nobody else staying there. I was going down to my cousins room and I got lost! that is how big this this hotel is. I also think that this hotel is haunted because every time I went in to the room where the elevators are one elevator would open than close than the other elevator would open and close and nobody would be on them!. The rooms are old looking and the tv's are from the 70's. If you want a weird experence stay here.	
Sep 18 2006 	Awfull hotel	This is the worst hotel my wife and I have stayed in in the USA. As the hotel is downtown on Michigan Avenue, we thought that it would be OK to stay there. How wrong we were. Some of the staff are on strike,which has been going on for 3 years. Some of the staff at the front desk are very surly and give the impression that they could not care less.Our room was not good. Dirty carpets, tired fixtures and fittings, paper thin walls and, on occassions, it was not cleaned properly.Some of the staff at breakfast tried hard but they were the exception.The one good thing about our room was that it had a great view of the lake.We will never stay here again and I would warn others not to as well.MR, London	
Sep 18 2006 	This place is a dungeon! Don't let the lobby fool you...	I have done a lot of travelling over the years and this was one of my worst experiences at a hotel. Yes, there have been worse places than this, but at least you know what you're getting into, and they don't charge you a fortune for your stay. My co-workers and I stayed here for business, and we had specifically requested non-smoking rooms. Since our flights were delayed, we called to make sure that we would still get our rooms. The front desk said it wouldn't be a problem. Of course, once we got to the hotel, they proceeded to give me a smoking room without any advance warning. NO mention of it! I only found this out when I walked into the section of the tower where, from the smell of the hallway, you would assume all smoking rooms are located there. The place was a dungeon; I felt like I was in one of the scenes from the movie The Shining. I walked into my room and the smell was awful! The carpet had cigarrete burns, there was paint chipping off the fan, the chairs had obvious stains, the wallpaper was dirty, the doorknob from the closet was falling off. I wasn't there more than 10 minutes before I started to get an awful headache from the smell. When I tried calling the front desk to mention all this to them and that they had made a mistake because I had requested a smoking room. All they said was that there was nothing available and that the only rooms available smelled like mildew and the other one had been sprayed for bugs. I was so upset and disappointed. There was no way I coulds stay there a whole night without getting nauseous. I ended up crashing with my co-worker, who happened to have a bigger room with two beds. Unfortunately, all other hotels in the area were booked, otherwise I would've checked out right then and there. They finally changed the room for me the next day, but only after a lot of teeth pulling. The staff was absolutely unfriendly and uncooperative. They did not go out of their way to make sure I was satisfied with my stay. I will never ever stay here again! And I recommend you don't either, or you'll be disappointed as well.	
Sep 16 2006 	Unfortunately it's just a dump	Spent a night here because no other hotels were available. The room smelled of bug spray - the air conditioning unit in the room was dank and dingy, full of dark and murky water. If you have allergies, you'll feel it in the morning. It is the type of hotel you keep your shoes on and check the sheets when you get into the bed. Not that I saw any bugs, you just seem to know they are there if you looked closely enough. For the money, you should at least feel clean.	
Sep 15 2006 	Not bad at all!	Geez, the reviews really scared me. Aside from the fact they gave us a room with two beds instead of a king and took them forever to fix it (it was 1 am and it took someone over 25 min to get to our room and give us keys to the new one) and aside from the fact we asked for two wake up calls, one each morning we stayed and neither one of them actually called the room to wake us...it was a good room. Tall ceilings, okay beds, shower was fine for us, tv worked. we had a good view. the first room was the inside view annd it was really bad. So all in all the customer service really really sucked the picketers don't talk or even really look at you. and they are off to the side...almost didn't notice them. The french toast I ordered from the breakfast place downstairs was delicious!!! so good! I &lt;3 french toast! Good location. We would stay here again...	
Sep 15 2006 	Stay AWAY!	I stayed here September 11- September 13 with my coworkers. We were in town for training and many of the other hotels in the area were booked. At first, I was impressed since the lobby is beautiful and seems well-maintained. The place is HUGE. We checked in pretty late and the woman helping me said &quot;you are lucky; we are out of the rooms you reserved so you are getting an upgrade- a fabulous room! Really great! It is a really beautiful room!&quot; She kept saying it like I should thank her or I should kiss her feet or something. I had a reservation! They had better give me a room! The trip to the room was eye-opening. The hallway was decrepit. Everything looks OLD, OLD, OLD and run down. The halls had very poor lighting and the wallpaper and rugs looked dirty. UGH! I walked into my &quot;fabulous&quot; room and tried to turn the lights on but none would turn on. I had to rearrange all of the lights to get them into sockets that worked. The room was average, at best. It was HUGE with two double beds and the TV was about 3 yards from the beds and it was tiny for the distance. The view was lovely- of the river, but the room had a damp, unclean feeling with very poor lighting, and the hotel itself left a lot to be desired. For such a huge hotel, you would think they would have amenities like free internet, but they don't! My coworker had an even worse experience- they gave her a SMOKING room even though she requested non-smoking. They told her that the only non-smoking rooms were being cleaned of mold or sprayed for bugs. That really told us something. She ended up crashing in my room because the smell was so offensive in her room. They gave her a new room the second night, but it took some teeth-pulling. I have never been so disappointed in a hotel. I will NEVER stay here again and I advise that you do not stay here either.	
Sep 14 2006 	hotel hell	In all of my 43 years I have never stayed at a [--] hole like this hotel. We were in town for a trade show and my associates had a room that you could only flush the toilet every 45 minutes. There were stains all over the carpet and furniture. The elevators are so old Im sure FDR used them at one time. Then we get to the picketers that were blowing whistles in our ears very loud everytime we got out of a cab. They made us switch rooms not once but twice for a 3 day stay. then charged us double what they quoted. This hotel is in a nice area and beautiful views but the sevice and cleanliness do not make up for that. It was terrible take my advice and book somewhere else. Corrine NH	
Sep 12 2006 	A rusted machine with great potential weak delivery	I had very positive impressions of the Congress Plaza upon entering the building: the location is fantastic and the lobby area is slick and well-maintained. But this appears to be a diamond-studded facade masking much deep inadequacies. Most of the hallways leading to the rooms have an off-putting odor, ranging from cigarette smoke to caustic &quot;rose potpourri&quot;; the hallway leading to our room smelled strongly of ammonia, which is ironic given that the building and the rooms didn't seem especially clean. Clear evidence of neglected maintenance and disrepair is omnipresent in the hallways and our room: stains on the carpetting, cracks in the wood trim, chipping paint, mildewy tiles in the bathroom, and damaged furniture. The TV in our room was not even mounted within the intended cabinet (which was clearly intended to accomodate the device); instead, this washaphazardly situated atop the in-room safe. The TV itself appeared like it was state-of-the-art circa 1985. The wall-mounted air conditioning unit was FILTHY, so much so that we hesitated to adjust the settings for fear of touching the grimy lint covered knobs. Further, hot water seemed in short supply. I was sleeping late (waking around noon), and my &quot;morning&quot; shower was usually on the cool side, even with the hot water knob jacked up to the max and cold water disabled completely. Though I had better luck with late night showers. One plus: the room was HUGE by modern standards. The ceilings were high and open space was plentiful. This had a very positive impact on our comfort level. The beds were also reasonably comfortable and the linens were clean. So the overall experience wasn't dreadful by any standard. Another big plus: the restaurant downstairs (and corresponding room service) was outstanding! (And I tend to be quite picky about food). I had a nearly perfect piece of filet mignon delivered to the room, with a very tastey bearnaise, and delicious sauteed mushrooms. The piece of meat was expertly grilled and camemedium rare (as requested). Was similarly pleased with breakfast and lunch offerings. I'd return to the restaurant even if I was not staying at the hotel. But if I subtract away the upshot of the large room and great location, I can't help but feel that this place is devolving into a slum with a once opulent past. If the owners of this building would put some money into renovations and higher quality maintence, this place would be a real winner, but in the future I think I'll be seeking accomodations elsewhere. But if I ever hear of plans to clean this place up, I'd love to come back. J.	
Sep 11 2006 	Not so bad	Great Location. Great customer service. It is an older hotel and could use some renovations but it served its purpose: sleep and shower. I would recommend if you can overlook the small things. PS Chicago is Awesome place to visit!	
Sep 11 2006 	Stay Away from the Congress Plaza Hotel Chicago.	My fiance and I made the terrible mistake of choosing this hotel for our visit to Chicago on August 19th. The hotel building is actually very beautiful. However, due to a general lack of funds to properly run this place, the hotel is in terrible disrepair. The elevators did not run well - my fiance got stuck in one of them for about 5 minutes. Our room, although spacious, was in terrible form. The carperting in the room as well as the hallways was inadequately vacomed, stained and was just simply old - one would not want to walk on the ground barefoot. The bathroom was not cleaned thouroughly. There were dust film on the desk and dresser. And the cherry of this sundae was the rat infestation which a couple of the guests, my fiance included, saw. I wish we took pictures. But I promise, you'd rather not see any pictures of where we slep. Luckily for us we only spent one night there. We moved one block down to a Hilton hotel. Although we HATE Paris Hilton with a passion, we just could not stay at the Congress Plaza Hotel for another night. The Congress Plaza Hotel is actually in a beautiful building and in a great downtown location. However, this hotel needs major changes and is in dire need of an investment group to bring this hotel back to it's glory days.	
Sep 4 2006 	Excelent hotel we like it very much.	Excellent location, near every place in Chicago. Room was very clean and big. I recommend this hotel very much.Check in and out very easy. Will stay here again and again. Elevator is very fast, so you don't have to wait much for it. Hot water always, bathroom very clean. Very good hotel.	
Aug 27 2006 	Very Nice Hotel	I thought this hotel was very nice. The staff was great and checking in was very easy. The hotel was very clean and the elevators were well maintained. The room was very spacious and had a nice city view. Checking out was out this hotel was the easiet checkout that I have been through. I will stay here again. It is a very good bargain at the price you pay.	
Aug 21 2006 	Hotel was decent for suite price/location	I was a bit nervous to stay at this hotel after reading so many negative reviews, but the price and location were right for a large suite, so I booked it (there were three of us) for a 3 day sight-seeing weekend in Chicago.If you are a hotel snob at all….you will hate this place. But if you are budget conscious, and plan to spend most of your time outside of the hotel sight-seeing, the hotel is perfectly fine. The furniture is old, the carpet is worn, the décor is tired, the “EL” is close by, so you can hear it all night long…but it really is a beautiful old building with high ceilings (the lobby is gorgeous). The room was clean (which is my main concern) and very spacious…and in a GREAT location on Michigan Avenue, across from Grant Park.So in short, don’t expect the “Ritz”, but it is nice enough…and if you like old architecture and history (the hotel was built in 1893), the hotel is awesome. In fact, the original League of Women voters organized there in 1920.	
Aug 13 2006	Old Hotel but great stay	We just got back from an overnight stay at the Congress Hotel and were impressed by its cleanliness, its old charm and we had a lakeview room which was world-class.That said an old hotel will have its issues including some mustiness, and washrooms which need to be updated/renovated I ran the Chicago Distance 1/2 marathon which started in Grant Park so it was very convenient to roll out of bed and walk to the start and from the finish lines. We were close to Milennium Park and could see Buckhingham Fountain and the late night fireworks show from our room.The price was very effective compared with other similar full service type of hotels in the Chicago downtown area.I am writing because I felt that it was a decent hotel and we had a good stay and I reviewed Trip Advisor before selecting it. I concur with other positve reviews. Also, the Lakeview rooms are a must.It is not the Hilton or Marriot but has an old charm and architecture which makes it unique and worth a stay.Jerry S. Bartlett, Illinois	
Aug 12 2006	Loved the Congress!	We understood the Congress to be a 2-star hotel, so we weren't expecting much. Boy, were we pleasantly surprised! The guest services staff treated my daughter and I like visiting royalty. We stayed for three nights. Our room was always spotless and freshened up for us every day. We made friends with several of the bar and restaurant staff. The valet parking folks went out of their way to be pleasant to us. Athough the hotel is old, it still has its spectacular points, not least of which is its history. I had read some really bad reviews of this hotel before we stayed there, but I tend to think the people who wrote them just don't understand what 2-star means and don't understand the concept of being pleasant to staff and having staff be pleasant in return. By the way, the hot water was plentiful and really hot and the shower head was fantastic!	
Aug 6 2006 	The Congress Plaza is a worthwhile choice.	My wife and her sisters-in-law stayed there in July and they thought it was very pleasant. The staff was friendly and accomodating. The hotel is old but impressive. The rooms were high ceilinged with more than adequate beds, baths, and amenities including walk in closets. The lobby and main areas are elegant. Yes the hallways are plaster and some need a fresh coat of paint but they had a fine stay. It is very close to everything downtown and the lakefront. Rates are probably a little below average considering the location.Certainly would stay there again.	
Jul 28 2006 	I found the hotel to be very nice.	I am a tour operator and stay in hotels often across the country and am amazed at the horrible, horrible reviews that have been given this hotel!The one thing I agree with is that the hotel is overpriced, but it is the norm for Chicago. And yes, the hotel is old, but I found it to be rather quaint. The room was very clean, adequate bedding and pillows, the shower was like any other hotel and if the room temperature was not to your liking upon arrival, then adjust the temperature. The location was superb, overlooking Buckingham Fountain and Lake Michigan. It cost a bit more for the location, but it was worth it. Housekeeping was very congenial in the morning when they knocked on the door and I told them I was not yet ready to check out. I arrived by train, so I had no contact with valet or bellmen, but they were always polite when I left and returned to the hotel. Yes, they were on strike, but there were only 3 picketers at any given time I was there and they stayed a good distance from the door, never saying a word to any of the guests. I would definitely stay at The Congress again and would not hesitate booking one of my groups there.	
Jul 25 2006 	Liked it	The best thing of this hotel is its location. Sure thing: furniture is a little old and worn, but the views on the lake and Grant Park are amazing. Be sure to ask for a room overlooking the lake as high up as possible; it's worth the extra 25 dollars.I agree what the other reviews state: the staff here is really indifferent about you and your stay...	
Jul 24 2006	Highly Disappointing	Just returned after weekend in Chicago. The Congress Hotel was a major disappointment. It's hard to find a reasonable room in downtown Chicago, and I expect &quot;tired old hotels&quot; . . . hopefully clean. This was the only hotel we could find available at the time. The service is SO bad, and the staff has their hand out for tips at every turn. Once we checked in, any service disappeared. (They have been on strike for 3 years!) Swank lobby, the bellman &quot;hijacked&quot; our luggage while we got the run-around checking in. Tip required to get our stuff back. We must have got a room in the old (hot!) tower &amp; the air conditioning was lame. Tired old room, short on linens, pillows. Our bed had no fitted sheets. Called room service for pillows at 9 - no one EVER answered. Shower was &quot;a spit&quot;, bath water was brown! Sattelite TV only about 15 channels -10 hispanic, went out during storm. High price, but only rates as &quot;a place to flop&quot;.	
Jul 18 2006 	What a rip off. Really!	The staff at the front counter barely spoke english. It isn't that they didn't understand english being all amricans, it is that they chose to act ignorant. When I got to my room the wall unit said it was over 100 degrees in my room. The A/C was off and the drapes were wide open, which provided a lovely view of the train tracks. I called the front desk and they said they would send up an electrician. Almost 1/2 hour later he came in and got the unit running. It cooled my room down to a nice 80 degrees, I was still warm but greatful. The bed was pretty comfortable and I was beat so I did sleep. I was there for a conference and it was really overcast so I decided to leave my sunglasses in my room. They disappeared by the second morning. I called the front desk and they sent me down to see the security manager. She too spoke some sort of crappy english. I made out a report and she told me that she would have a report sent to me by the next morning. I never saw or heard from her again. I asked at checkout about the report and another person attempting to speak some more almost illiterate english said she wasn't in and there is no report for me at the front desk as promised. I wrote a letter to the manager of the hotel and have yet to hear anything from them. To make this short, I'd camp out on a street corner with the bums before I stay here again. WHAT A DUMP! AND WHAT A CRAPPY STAFF.	
Jul 9 2006	Not worth the money	I can't say everything about the Congress was bad, so I'll mention the good first. I had the lake view suite which had gorgeous views of Lake Michigan and Buckingham Fountain. It was nicely furnished, and the location is excellent. Despite that, I would not stay here again. The front desk staff wasn't very friendly or attentive, and room service was marginal at best. The menu lacked variety, and it's like pulling teeth to get someone to answer the phone in the kitchen. It must have rang 20 or 30 times, finally someone at the front desk picks up. I said that I would like to order room service, and she transferred me. After another 20 or 30 rings, the call went back to the front desk. After that try, I finally got someone from the kitchen staff. When it finally arrived after almost an hour and a half, the man who brought it up didn't look very professional. He had long fingernails and his hair wasn't well-groomed. I'm not saying they have to hire professional models, but for what you pay at this place they should enforce grooming standards! The movie channel didn't work, and there was garbage in the nightstand drawers. The walls had gouges in them, the carpet was stained, and only 1 out of the 4 lightbulbs in the light fixture over the kitchen table worked. I'm sure at one time this was one of the best places in town, and it definitely has a lot of potential - but it has a long way to go before I'd stay here again.	
Jul 8 2006	You Get What You Pay For	I was so excited to spend some time in downtown Chicago - on Michigan Avenue even! I chose the Congress Hotel because of it's longevity and the price was right ($169 + tax), plus the website makes this place look like the Taj Mahal. Well, the lobby is really nice. The coffee shop was very nice - GREAT food, good price, and very nice servers. Parking was fairly easy. But the rooms - ick! Our room had one whole wall of windows and a great view of Grant Park, but the windows were so filthy it was hard to see out of them. And a small part of the windows are designed to open, but they were DUCT TAPED shut! I bet they used almost a whole roll of duct tape just on the windows in our room - looked disgusting. There were burns in the carpeting, the toothbrush holder in the bathroom was hanging by one screw and was rusty. And the hallways really look like the &quot;Honeymooners&quot; tenement. If you don't mind staying in a run down, dark, ugly room, this place has a great location. But if your room to have the quality of at least a Super 8 - stay elsewhere.	
Jul 7 2006	Older but very happy with it!	Previous reviews seem to be very harsh. We had a lakefront room on the 11th floor. We were here for the Taste of Chicago/Fourth of July weekend celebration.It was wonderful. We saw the fireworks display right from our window.Great location. Friendly staff. Clean room with new furniture and decent king-size bed. The bathroom was clean but older. Good, clean hot and cold water.A/C was cold and they brought up a mini-fridge in minutes.Striking workers are not threatening.$125/night with a FREE breakfast buffet coupon worth $15! Lakeview king = $110/night!Highly recommended for those who are looking for a good, clean bargain with charm.Negatives - doors, carpet could be refreshed. Bathroom makeover would be nice.BAR - just weird. They need to lease it to a third-party to take advantage of it's positive qualities. Otherwise, strange staff and atmosphere. Buy some beers for the room!	
Jul 6 2006 	A Bit of a Gamble	I have stayed at the Congress Plaza Hotel twice, most recently in June 2006. Both were short stays for business trips. Both times I was reasonably satisfied with the experience—the location was fantastic, the price was about as reasonable as it gets in the downtown area of a major city ($119 for two people), and my room was clean and pleasant if a little worn-looking. However, service was a little uneven. The demeanor of the front desk staff when I checked in was a bit indifferent—more like that of employees in a fast food restaurant than in a hotel. Also, during my first stay they were a bit grumpy about holding my luggage for me for a couple of hours after I checked out and dropped heavy hints about expecting a tip. On the other hand, I talked to helpful people on the phone on two occasions related to my second stay: once when I called to change my reservation, and once when I called after my stay to have someone fax me a receipt. Both requests were taken care of promptly and cheerfully. As I say, I was relatively satisfied and would probably stay there again, but based on some of the other reviews I've read, I'd have a Plan B. I think prospective guests should keep in mind that you may or may not get helpful service if something goes wrong. If you want your trip to go absolutely without a hitch, staying at the Congress might be a gamble.	
Jun 28 2006 	EXTREME variations?	This hotel seems to have extreme variations in quality. Some reviewers found it terrible, and we were mentally prepared to move out quickly, but our stay (2006 June 16-22) was quite pleasant. Some complain of small rooms, but ours was unexpectedly large -- 15`by 25`overall, including a generous 7`by 8`bathroom. Some complain of filth, but our room was clean. Some complain about the personnel, but everyone we met was friendly and helpful -- check-in, concierge, waiter, maid, security and bellman.It wasn`t all positive, but the negatives were minor. The AC offered no real adjustment, but was adequate, expecially after we put a small fan on top to distribute the cool air better. Our ``view`` was just other rooms on the central air shaft. The bathroom door appeared to have at least six coats of paint, and was peeling on the inside. An interior stairwell was dark at the bottom because a light was out. The only other negative I can recall is the price of internet access.Perhaps someone contemplating staying here should print out a few positive and negative reviews and ask which type of room they will get.	
Jun 27 2006	Disgusting!	We had gone into the bar prior to a concert at the Roosevelt Auditorium. I was APPALLED at what I saw. Filthy dirty bar area, wiping up the floor with rags and putting them on the counter. I really DON'T know how the health department can allow this place to remain open.That was the first and LAST time I will ever set foot in that place. The owners should be ashamed of themselves and the city shouldn't put up with dumps like that.	
Jun 26 2006	Worn and tired	We stayed at the Congress the weekend of June 16 while in town to see the King Tut exhibit. The hotel is within walking distance to the Field Museum and close to the Art Institute, restaurants, and shops. The hotel lobby is very attractive but that is not a reflection of the room we had. I made reservations via the Congress website for a reasonable Chicago price which got us the smallest room on the 4th floor looking at the fire escape. The bathroom had someone else's brown hair on the floor, the shower curtain was raised so high that it did not fit into the tub to block the water. The red carpet shows all the little bits their vacuum cleaner does not adequately pick up. The better restaurant in the hotel was closed, perhaps permanently. The hotel overall feels worn and tired. For $50 dollars more I will stay in the Hilton next time which is a block away.	
Jun 19 2006	SUCH A DUMP	my new wife and i decided to spend our honeymoon in Chicago so in january decided to book this hotel. we saw the room shots on the net . they looked very nice so booked it.well we flew into chicago and got a taxi to the hotel from O hare, First bad sign was picketers outside the doorsecone, when we checked in, i was signing in a form for a room, they asked me for my credit card. When asked why they said they needed 700 dollars as a incident cover. i had already paid over 2000 dollars for two weekswhen i said i would pay cash instead , as i had not enough credit on my card, the girl behind the counter took the form i had signed and ripped it up and gave me a new form Room 3305we went up to the &quot;room&quot; , the porter brought our bags up we were shocked, bathroom was filthy and smelly, wardrobes with sliding doors hanging off, bed was normal size but left only a foot either side as room was tiny, ceiling to floor windows of very light glass, if u fell out of bed and hit it ,you would end up on the street three storeys down.i left my wife in the room and went down and ordered to be moved to another room , gave me 5507 which was slightly better but still a dumpwe checked out and had to find another hotel, we eventually got our money back on the credit card just lost one nights stay, we had stayed in the place for 20 minsluckily enough my cousin owns a luxury apartment downtown so we stayed there. Demolition would be too good for the place, Iraqi terrorists should target it, because no one would care if they blew it upour honeymoon from ireland was nearly ruined	
Jun 1 2006 	Not as bad as the reviews on here	I stayed at the CPH over Memorial Day weekend in May 2006. I was a chaperone for a high school trip to a large conference at the Hilton, which was full when the reservations were made. I seriously had concerns before we left after reading these reviews, but I was surprised (and relieved!) to see that the hotel was not that bad. The lobby was really lovely, I never saw anyone smoking there during the entire weekend. Our rooms were all near each other, which was convenient. My room (on the 10th floor) did not have a view of anything exciting, but I did happen to peak into an open room across the hall and the view of the lake was simply breathtaking. My room was clean for the most part, although the carpet was old and the room had an interesting smell (no worse than an old house though). The A/C was not all that powerful, but it wasn't a bother, even though the temps were well into the 90s outside. The bathroom was clean with plenty of hot (non-orange/brown) hot water. The picketers were present all weekend, and loved to talk to our students, and were rude to one of the other chaperones when we arrived at the hotel. They are easily avoided by using the side door. The location can't be beat, it is easy to walk to all of Chicago's downtown sights and restaurants. There is a Panera Bread around the corner for a light breakfast and free wireless internet (the hotel charges $9.95/day). I did not have any contact with any of the front desk staff. I did, however, have to call security when I observed another group of high school students out on the fire escape one night. They were at my room in literally two minutes to see the students and figure out where in the hotel they were. The housekeeping staff on our floor was friendly, accommodating and professional.	
May 22 2006	Better than all the hotels.....in Solamia	Ok, so that's probably an insult to Solamian Hotels...I am not picky, except when I pay $240 a night for a &quot;family suite&quot; and end up at a place so shabby that I'm wondering if rats or cockroaches might be a problem.This hotel is old and shabby. The current management is obviously milking all the cash out of it they can. Rooms were not just out dated, but in need of repair. Peeling wall paper, discolored ceiling tiles, nasty stained carpet, and every other type dis-repair you can think of.. If you can stay there for under $75.00 a night, you'll be happy and get what you paid for. Otherwise you will leave feeling a liitle &quot;abused&quot;. This is a hotel of last resort.	
May 22 2006	Terrible hotel	I'm not sure where to start with this review, but I guess I'll just list out the complaints: dirty, no heat in the room, cold water in the shower, the movie channel did not work, and our room and the hallway smelled like a sewer. The odor was so offensive that we asked to move rooms, but the hotel was sold out so that was not an option (at least that's what I gathered from what was mumbled from what was supposed to be a front desk employee). We left a night early just because we couldn't stand the smell any longer. Easily, the worst hotel I've stayed in.	
May 16 2006	Never Again at the Congress Plaza	We looked forward to our visit and overnight in Chicago. We had many sites to visit and CSO concert tickets so the Congress Plaza was a great location. But that was the only good thing about the Congress Plaza. I don't know if by booking the room from an online agency was the determining factor for the room we received but we &quot;got what we paid for&quot;. There was no view from the room except straight up. The heater/AC unit was broken from the wall and didn't function properly. When we used the shower, the shower control handle fell off and we had to grasp it with a towel to turn on/off and adjust the shower. They must not have a way of knowing when someone checks out because the maid was knocking on our door early just to see if someone was still in the room. We plan more overnights to Chicago for plays and concerts but we will not plan to stay at the Congress Plaza. We had both stayed there many years ago and we were greatly disappointed in our experience.	
May 13 2006	DON'T GO THERE	How the Congress Plaza Hotel on Michigan Ave. can get away with charging almost $200 a night is beyond me. I guess poor saps like us who didn't know any better is how they stay in business. It's dirty.,old ,and dilapidated. Our room was very hot and the only way to stay cool was by opening the screenless window. Try sleeping in Chicago with your windows open. When I showered the next morning, the shower curtain fell into the tub.And here's the best part. Even though my son made the reservations in his name, they did swipe our card for incidentals, so they had our information. When I returned from dinner (while the rest of our party decided to take a walk) my key didn't work so I went back to the front desk and was told &quot;Unfortunately there's nothing we can do about it&quot;. I waited in the lobby for two hours for my party to return. At that point my husband went up to the front desk and received a new key immediately. Boy did I go off, but all I got from the manager was &quot;Oh I'm sorry, that shouldn't have happened. I'll talk to the clerk who mishandled it. BIG DEAL! I dare you to post this review!	
May 12 2006 	Chicago Annex of the Bates Motel	I was there for one night and then I went to the Wyndham. It reminded me of a flophouse. I am sure it was state of the art in 1945 but for god's sake, redo the place once a millenium!The place was dismal, striking employees out front (which I didn't know about until the next morning). Bed was crappy, the rugs were gross. Bathroom was ancient.I am a business traveler. I expect at least a Red Roof Inn quality hotel. This one needs to be revamped and/orbulldozed.I couldn't get out of there fast enough.	
May 3 2006	It was the worst!	In April 2006, we spent three nights at the Congress Hotel in Chicago. If I could have found another hotel to stay in once we arrived, I would have bolted for it! I should have known by the shabby looks of the lobby what awaited us in the room. We arrived with traveler's checks, preferring to use those rather than put the tab on our credit card. First, it took over 5 minutes to find the reservation in their computer system. Then we were told by the person checking us in that she &quot;was not a bank; the person who handled traveler's checks was in a meeting and we would have to wait&quot;. After waiting a while, we decided to give up and use the credit card - once again, she could not find the reservation for over five minutes. Also, the bell hop was rude. The room was dark, borderline clean, smelled damp, and was very hot and stuffy. We had to open the windows to get some fresh air in, which then increased the noise level from other guests struggling with the heat and their windows. Sleeping was very difficult, partly from the heat and partly from the ancient mattresses. The floor even felt clammy.The hotel restaurant was low quality and overpriced. Service was minimal. And throughout our stay, we had to walk through picket lines when going in and out of the hotel. Charming.When we finally went to check out, one of the two lumbering and very small elevators in our section was not working. We tried for 15-20 minutes to get an elevator before we had to drag all of our belongings through another stairwell to reach another set of elevators on the other side. When we went to check out, one of the two computerized check-out terminals was down. Icing on the lousy cake that was the Congress Hotel. I will never stay there again, and I am telling everyone I know about my experience.	
Apr 12 2006 	Reality Check	The Congress Plaza has had some tough reviews but we were traveling to downtown Chicago during a large conference and had few choices. We truly were expecting to be disappointed but were pleasantly surprised. Everyone was polite and friendly. There were express check-in machines and we were in our room quite quickly. I loved the antique feel of the elevators and the corridors. Our room had huge ceilings and every convenience other hotels offer. Yes, it was somewhat noisy, but we were right on Michigan Avenue and it felt like a fair trade. Our room service was FAST and DELICIOUS. Security took all precautions with our luggage/computer after check out. The only complaint was the incosistency of the shower. Hot/cold/lots of water/not so much. Don't care. We did get clean and had a BLAST in Chicago.	
Apr 3 2006	Not that bad!!	We really enjoyed our stay at the Congress. First of all the location is awesome! The staff was friendly and we had no problems with our room, checking in, parking, etc. We booked it online through hotels and got a cheaper rate. It was one of the cheapest hotels for the downtown area, especially for only staying on friday night! We did NOT see picketers. I have no idea where they were therefore they did not bother us! I would recommend this hotel and I will stay there again!	
Mar 28 2006 	Great hotel weird management!	I loved a lot of things about this hotel but first the wrongs in descending order. 1. As a member of a bargaining unit, it pained me to cross a picket line. And I think the hotel would be better run with contented employees. 2. The hotel shamelessly profiteered on severe shortage of rooms due to relocation of New Orleans conventions. All of the hotels were but the CP upped the room rate by 36%!! 3. The breakfast restaurant is bizarre. The push is on for the buffet ($14.50)from the minute you walk in the door. What the dining room most wants is for you to pay in advance and the charge card ticket even has 15% next to the tip amount, no parentheses or &quot;suggested.&quot; I'm sure they make money off the buffet but this pressure to prepay is rude and plain weird. Also my son asked for juice before noticing the jugs of juices on the buffet. When he asked for a diet soda the waiter told him he'd had his included beverage already: the glass of juice! 4. We had a two-room family suite for four adults but the bathroom towel supply was a standard bundle of two of everything. Weird. BUT the good was very good. Informed desk about a key card problem and electrician was at the door by the time I got upstairs. Rooms were clean and furnished with period replica furniture (inlaid wood,carved moldings) and comfortable beds. The king bedroom was small, but the two double bedroom was nicely roomy with lots of floor space in front of the slightly bay window. The bathroom had been remodeled, somewhat recently. New tile in good repair. Also very clean. A long mirror extends along the wall from the sink past the toilet to the tub, important for near-sighted me who has to get very close to put makeup in right places. As long as the mirror there is a 5&quot; glass shelf which held all of our toiletries, which we could group together for easy packing. I did a lot of online essay grading from the lobby and the ambience was a pleasure. Plugged in, sitting cross-legged and barefoot on a leather sofa,sipping wine ($4 by the glass), I could look at the fancy, gilt period wall decoration, and hear Eric Clapton from the lounge and billiard balls knocking from the pool table and it felt like being a guest in someone's large but very intimate living room with a connected den. (The wi-fi cost is $7.50/24 hours, when every other hotel I know charges $10.)I'd definitely stay there again though only at a far better rate (and a happy outcome to the strike), but I wish the hotel would hire a new, competent, intuitive restaurant manager to stop its antagonizing policies and restore hospitality.	
Mar 18 2006	A true bargain! Great room with high ceilings and view of lake and fireworks!	We were attending the Rotary International Convention for 8 nights in June, 2005. We did not want to spend a fortune. We had a great room for a great price and watched the fireworks and fountain from our room at night. Yes, we had some kind of noisy neighbors and the walls are kind of thin but it was not unbearable. Yes, I learned before we came that strikers were there but they don't bother you and you can use side door to avoid them. The location is superb and is within walking distance of everything. The food and food servidce is not good so we walked to the Hilton for a quick breakfast if we were short on time. Ask for a room overlooking lake and you can't go wrong for the price!	
Mar 1 2006 	Yuk	Weirdly winding hallways. Flop-house rooms. Ancient plumbing system. &quot;L&quot; train noise if you face the back. Felt unsafe and spooky. Should have checked out after asking to be moved to 3 different rooms, each no better than the next, but I had associates staying there as well. I've stayed in historic and &quot;quaint&quot; hotels, but this one was just run down. Renovation in progress but it would take a lot to get me back there.	
Feb 14 2006	Much better than claimed	After reserving a room, I came to this site and read everyone else's reviews. I was quite worried about going to the place. Wasn't sure about safety or cleanliness. I had planned on asking my girlfriend to marry me, so I didn't want the hotel destroying the weekend. I'll have to agree that the carpets were dirty in the lobby but it looked like stains and not just something that can be cleaned up. If they would just replace the carpet it would lift the appearance greatly. The staff was extremely friendly and the room was clean. The water wasn't brown and didn't change temp while showering. And I didn't recognize any foul smells or hear people in neighboring rooms. I figure if your not someone who is used to a five diamond hotel/resort you'd be perfectly fine here. It was even nice enough that I ended up asking my now fiancé to marry me in the Gold Room, which is beautiful. Just thought I better report that it's not as bad as everyone claims, especially for the location and the $89 per night room rate. And if you can't handle the dirty carpets, you could always go a couple blocks over and stay at the Palmer House Hilton for four times the price. There's no doubt in my mind that my fiancé and I will stay there again.	
Jan 29 2006	Do not stay here ever.	The location is great....and that is the only good thing I can say about this place. First they gave us the wrong room. Then they put us on hold for over 20 minutes when we called to switch. They hung up on us 3 times and put us on hold some more. They seemed to be very annoyed that we wanted the type of room that we paid for. I'm a very laid back person but for $200 a night...I want the right room. I cannot express how rude these people were.We finally got to a new room. The room was musty and when I tried to take a shower the handle fell off and the water came out BROWN. We called to report this and they replied, &quot;Its fine...just don't drink it.&quot; Again they put us on hold for far too long, were extremely rude, and &quot;accidentally&quot; hung up on us. It took about 3 hours to sort everything out with them. They ruined our trip. DO NOT STAY HERE.	
Jan 10 2006	We got very little sleep	We stayed at the Congress the first weekend in October of 2005. We were in town for a wedding and opted to stay at the Congress because it was close to where the reception was held (Soldier Field). When we first arrived, the place was being picketed by some union people, trying to avert a strike, I suppose. Anyway, we asked to have a room facing Michigan Ave. (which we did get) and since our room was on the seventh floor we thought that it would be quiet considering the distance to the street below. Boy, were we wrong. We could actually hear a couple walking past the hotel at about 3 a.m., I mean, we could hear every word they said like they were in the room with us. It was very strange. This went on all night. Also, the bathroom needed updating BADLY. For the price, I didn't think it was a very nice place to stay.	
Dec 12 2005	Worth the stay	Right out of an Edward Hopper painting, this grandhistoric colossus overlooking Grant Park and theBuckingham fountain, has high ceilings in its moderatebut clean rooms, and nice high windows. We had a westview on a snowy evening and could see the Sears Tower,the Board of Trade, and the Red Line of the El. Nohigh tech extras, but comfortable and unbeatablelocation. Great old main lobby, staff friendly, andwe had no complaints. There are lots of overpricedalternatives, but no thanks, we'll stay here again.	
Dec 2 2005	Great Loacation. Disappointing Accomdations	This hotel is in a terrific location on Michigan Ave accross from the park, BUT, it truely is not worth the stay. The rooms are old and soiled. Water pressure in the shower was almost non-existant. The cable TV did not work and there was no remote. The lounge is reminiscent of a 1970's Howard Johnsons. And forget about extra towels and blankets. It's a shame this hotel is not nicer given it's location and history. Maybe it will change ownership and the new owners will see it's potential. Until then, I would avoid any stay here.	
Nov 29 2005	It's all about location	Our first room overlooked a fire escape and brick wall. We quickly had that room changed, however, when we discovered that the previous occupant had neglected to flush the toilet. Not only is that disgusting in its own right, but it also signaled that the room was not cleaned well. The front desk was very nice about moving us to a new room, which was much larger and happened to overlook Grant Park and Lake Michigan. The hotel is less than stellar, but its proximity (walking distance) to Soldier Field, the Art Institute, Grant Park, and Lake Michigan help compensate for its deteriorating state. We knew that for the price we were not going to get luxury accommodations. However, when the concierge (who was extremely nice and helpful) told us that the hotel lost its Ramada flag because it could not maintain the Ramada's &quot;ridiculous standards,&quot; we knew we were in trouble. The hotel is somewhat spooky, but only because it is old and, when we were there, much of it was being renovated. Access to areas being renovated was not blocked to guests, and sometimes we would find ourselves walking through hallways that would suddenly end in peeled carpet and scaffolding. I never felt scared or in danger, however had I been alone, without my husband, I would not have been comfortable staying in this hotel. The picketers outside were a little annoying, but not dangerous. All in all, I would stay here again, as long as my room overlooked the park and lake, and as long as my husband accompanied me. It would be difficult to find a hotel in such a phenonmenal location for less than what we paid, and we really spend so little time in our hotel when we go to Chicago that it seems almost ridiculous to pay more. So if you'd rather spend your money on Chicago's fabulous shopping, food, and entertainment and not spend so much on lodging, you may want to consider the Congress. Just remember: wear shoes on the carpet; it's a bit dingy.	
Nov 16 2005	Worked for me	I spent a week in Chicago last March to check out the architecture and wanted to stay in an old hotel for the atmosphere. I got a room on the 14th floor overlooking the park and the whole experience was above my expectations. Yes, there were picketers at the front door but I always used the side door. The bar and restaurant could use some more ambience but the high-ceilinged lobby and the ballroom (there was a wedding going on) are worth seeing. The hallways are definitely shabby but my room felt large, clean, soundproof and everything worked.	
Nov 16 2005 	It was like hell!!	I spent 3 nights there, alone, in that spooky building...I never slept, always kept an eye opened, it was like I was in a horror movie! A girl alone in a dreadful hotel in winter! I hate my boss who let me book my stay there, he should have known that was NOT a place for a girl on a business trip! I have no words to describe Congress Plaza, all I can say is: stay away from that hotel! Those were the worst 3 nights I've ever had!	
Nov 14 2005	Stay away!	This is quite simply one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in. When entering the hotel you must first go by a picket line of workers. I later found out that one of the workers complaints was the conditions within the hotel and after entering I could see why.Within minutes of getting my room I was down at the front desk asking for another. The mould and decayed state of my first room was so bad it was scary. The second room was not much better. Even in the new room I got I actually felt scared taking a shower, because the ceiling was so rotten I though the bath from the room above me might fall through and crush me.To make a phone call in the hotel it costs so much you may as well re-mortgage your house to pay for it. The condition of the hotel is so bad it is basically an accident waiting to happen. When load barring walls are cracking, and their solution to fixing it is to repaint the wall in the hopes that nobody notices sums up the condition of the hotel.Avoid this place like the plague!	
Nov 8 2005 	Nastiest hotel I've ever seen	I saw this on Orbitz and I am appaled that the company still has this hotel as an available Chicago hotel. I'm not going to repeat much of what the others wrote other than to say that the carpets are dingy, names are carved with knives in the lobby tables and the staff is a disgrace to the entire city of Chicago.HERE IS A TIP: I called Orbitz and complained and asked for (demanded) an immediate refund (mainly because I was nearly crying when I called them). I was in the hotel for maybe 10 minutes and explained the hotel to the nice people at Orbitz. They refunded my Congress Plaza stay and I was rebooked within minutes at Hotel Burnham, which was a short cab ride away. The Hotel Burnham is gorgeous, gorgeous and is a Kimpton Property. Bottom line: Avoid The Congress Plaza hotel. It's gross, gross, gross.	
Nov 7 2005 	Stay Away!!!!!!!!!!!!!	The price was great. The pics on the internet were great. The stay was awful! Elevators not working, abundant flying insects, awful smell in lobby (like old beer nobody cleaned from the carpets), no closet in our first room, clogged tub and no chairs or phone books in our second room, large holes in the blackout drapes, had not vacuumed for several days, charge by the minute for phone use (no internet access except for in the lobby for a fee), such poor windows i could hear the train up to midnight and starting again at 4am, no amenities, no service, junky slapped together bathroom with paint peeling off tile and tub. Oh, did I mention the loud and obnoxious picket line outside the front doors? WHATEVER YOU DO...DO NOT STAY HERE NO MATTER THE PRICE!!!!!!!!!We learned our lesson...back to swissotel for me.	
Oct 31 2005	Hotel looks ok on the computer; But not well kept in person.	Ex-workers were picketing in front of the hotel, which was a negative. You could hear noise from other rooms easily. The carpets throughout the facility were filthy. This hotel is very old which adds character to it, but it desperately needs renovation. The fact that patrons of the hotel are allowed to smoke in the lobby was a negative. The (beds) in the standard double room we stayed in had very litte support in the center. All in all, I would never stay there again or recommend it to friends or family.	
Oct 27 2005	Don't expect much at the congress	This Hotel is just ok. If you look at it from the point of view that you will be having a great time in a fabulous city and won't be in the room much, then you will be fine. The Room was clean, the furnishings were old fashioned and gave the room a real charm. But, this is an old hotel, and it has some problems. I paid extra to have my room overlook michigan ave, and I had a great view as a result. But it was warm in the room and without a thermostat,I couldn't control the temperature. I had to open the windows. Luckly I went in October. I can't imagine what would have happened in the summer. The toilet wasn't seated properly in my bathroom and sewer gas crept into the bathroom, giving it a funky oder. I had to keep the door shut to keep the smell out of the room.	
Oct 16 2005 	Health/safety hazard! Stay away	I stay in hotels more than 150 nights per year. This is, by far, the worst dump I've spent the night in in several years. At one time (about 80 years ago) this must have been a classy hotel, but it should have been closed by the Health department years ago. A visitor to Chicago will have a terrible experience in this hotel and probably not want to return.The carpeting, drapes, furniture, and bedspread in my room were so dirty and stained that I felt like a refugee in Eastern Europe. One of only two elevators wasn't working, so I followed the sign to &quot;another elevator&quot; - long walk through scary hallways to a freight elevator that sounded even scarier than the regular elevators! This was an example of &quot;traveler abuse.&quot; Whoever owns the hotel should be fined and forced to stay in his/her own hotel for a year under the current conditions.	
Oct 11 2005	Not great	I stayed at the Congress Plaza Hotel the weekend of 9/24 and pretty much everything I read was true. The lobby is full of smoke and the restaurant was the worst service I have ever had. The location is great. The carpets did have many stains and a lot of the hallways smelled. I don't know what the smell was besides funk. I would not say it should be condemned, but it is NOT a luxury hotel. I think in its heyday the hotel was beautiful. The stairwells had beautiful railings. It looks like a beautiful hotel that has not been maintained. I would not stay there again, but it was not horrible.	
Oct 11 2005	Yay! Asbestos!	This hotel was in a great location for the Chicago marathon. That's the only good thing, unless you just love fuzzy pink carpet and seafoam green bedspreads. Our bathroom light didn't work, and when we finally got it fixed we were able to see orange water coming out of the shower. There were spiders on the ceiling and asbestos around the windows. There was no sound-proofing so we heard every word our neighbors said and everything that went on outside. The sheets were maybe 50-count (read sandpaper) and the bathroom amenities were Breck (I think a gallon of Breck shampoo costs around 85 cents). Spend your money at the Chicago Hilton 2 blocks away. That's a great hotel.	
Oct 6 2005	There's a reason the price is low...	We stayed here in September and had lots of problems. The biggest one was the noise that came right through the walls. We needed to sleep the night through and the guests in the room adjoining our wall apparently did not. At 2 am they came in and used the worst language. We had to complain three times before 4:30 rolled around and they finally got these obnoxious guests to be quiet. The worst part was at 4 in the morning the front desk called and asked US if we wished to change rooms. Apparentally these rude guests decided to play a game and say that we were making the noise. We decided that we weren't going to sleep anymore and all got up. I know that hotels cannot control what guests they allow to stay at their hotels but this was ridiculous. It wasn't worth the low price. Pay a little extra and get what you pay for. You don't need to settle here.	
Sep 28 2005	Great location...but needs some work	This hotel has a rich history...but it's time for refurbishment. The location directly across from Grant Park on So. Michigan Avenue makes it easy to access downtown Chicago. We were close to the subway entrance to get to Wrigley Field. Also easy to catch a cab in front of the hotel. The rooms and bathrooms were large with great city and park views. The air conditioner was noisy and our towels and soap were not replaced each day. The hotel is understaffed and we had a long wait for bellmen and desk staff.	
Sep 25 2005	The City of Chicago should be ashamed	I cannot believe that this hotel exists in Chicago. I stayed all of 30 minutes. There were spider webs in the room, it reeked of smoke, the bathrom was just nasty and there were NO knobs on the television set. I did not stay long enough to turn the bed down. Mayor Daly should have this building condemned. How can the people who own this hotel possibly be proud of its existenence? I just wanted a romantic getaway with my friend. This was a nightmare..... Do Not go here....ever.	
Sep 18 2005	Spend the extra money and stay somewhere else...	The location was convenient, but that was the ONLY good thing about this hotel. The hotel was built in 1893 for the World's Columbian Exposition and it hasn't been cleaned since.From the moment you walk in the door you start to think that there must be some sort of mistake. Surely, I didn't just pay over $130 per night to stay in a dirty, smelly run-down hotel! If you are going to Chicago to party, get drunk and pass out, then you might not worry about whether the sheets are clean. However, if you are looking for a relaxing and pleasant weekend--stay somewhere else!Both nights during our stay, we were wakened by the sounds of party-time people who were either slamming doors in the middle of the night or who were locked out of their room and, instead of getting a new card key from the front desk, just pounded on their door for fifteen minutes--at three a.m.! Only one very small elevator was working during our entire stay, the sinks were clogged and the room was dimly lit. If the windows weren't painted shut, I would have jumped out.	
Sep 17 2005 	Moldy and Oldy	Stayed there for one night in Sep-05 ... and that was one night too many. Carpeting on main floor is old, stained and smells like mold and mildew. We had a room on the 11th floor, and room also smelled mildewy, the water barely made it out of the taps and was also discolored. And I guess we were not far enough away from the smoking rooms, and the hallway in our area also smelled like cigarette smoke.The employees were picketing outside to join a union. We were told they have been trying for 3 years to join a union, but management is obviously non-supportive.On a positive note, ALL of the employees that we spoke to were extremely pleasant, knowledgable and helpful.	
Sep 16 2005 	Lots of potential but needs lots of work	Due to a big convention in town, I ended up staying here because there was almost nothing else available in Chicago. The Congress Plaza Hotel has a lot of history, and was once known as the &quot;Hotel of Presidents&quot; considering all the former heads of state that have stayed there. However, that was then... The hotel is now well past its prime. The first impression is the smell when one enters the building. The combination of old, moldy carpets and budget cleaning fluids results in a very off-putting smell. Many of the elevators do not work, the halls are dirty, and it is easy to get lost trying to get around the numerous corridors. My room was very large, but with little furniture. The carpet was dirty, the wallpaper peeling. While the bathroom looked like it had recently been refurbished, the tub didn't drain well and every couple of hours the toilet tank would loudly start filling with water due to a slow leak. I'll admit, the first time this happened, I thought someone else was in the room. The sheets also didn't seem that clean, and the bed wasn't comfortable.This hotel really has great potential, due to its convenient location on Grant Park. However, it's really not cared for very well, and I don't recommend it. I can understand why the Congress Plaza Hotel had vacancy when no other hotels in the Loop had rooms. I only had to stay there two nights, since as soon as I could find an open room somewhere else, I got out of there.	
Sep 15 2005 	Congress OK	This was my second stay at the Congress. First was about two years ago and that stay was quite pleasant. That was actually during the first couple weeks of their employee strike. The room was actually quite nice, clean, and I didn't have any problems with my stay. On the more recent stay, room wasn't quite as nice. I ended up staying there because every other hotel in the area was booked for the days I needed to be there for business. I agree with many of the reviews in that the hotel does need some general improvements. There was some chipped paint in both the room and the halls, the TV was old, and the room was somewhat dark. Comparing the two stays, think the quality of your stay has a lot to do with the room that you are in. Obviously some rooms are better than others. The staff, lobby, and other amenities were all pretty average. I would have a hard time recommending this hotel unless you are looking to stay in one of the old classic hotels and not willing to spend a lot of money to stay on Michigan Avenue.	
Aug 27 2005	Just like Congress a disaster	The Congress Hotel has an awesome location for the two major parks and museums. That's where it ends. The rooms are clean but very old and dated. The sheets and towels leave you wondering what it was washed in???? The hotel is under repair and a 740 day strike has been going on. The first room was near construction ground zero and the jack hammering or something like it went on well past 9pm. We finally got moved to another room.The new room had a great view along with a tub that didn't drain and only occasional hot water. The closet door could not be opened, we used towels to wedge the shower curtain rod in place and the air conditioner was barely passable. They offered to move us again, but it would be back into the construction zone.Staff was surly, unapologetic and generally rude.If you're 20 and used to dorm life, this may be the place for you. Otherwise spend a little more for a fully functioning room and hopefully friendly staff.	
Aug 24 2005 	Think again about spending $150 for a night of frustration	This was my mom's first time in Chicago (I live in the western burbs) and she was here for a conference. She had a nice view--bay window overlooking Grant Park, Art Museum, etc. Room was awful! When we got there the sink was clogged and had to call maintanance 3 times and got fixed 3 hours later. Nasty Junk! I was suprised with the low budget and low quality shampoos and conditioners in the rooms. If the rooms are that bad, dont you think they would at least try to spruce it up a bit by using name-brand products? The beds were slanted but fine. Paint is peeling off. Alarm clock did not work. Water temp. went crazy when I was in the shower. Mom was patient and loved the view, but I was getting a little frustrated with the service, and the quality. Just an old hotel that needs new everything!	
Aug 23 2005	A nice stay!	My sister and I stayed for 4 nights and they were pretty good. The door between the rooms did have a lock; we had plenty of hot water and air conditioner. We had an awesome view from the 12th Floor. We had sears tower to the left and the river to the right. The diner at the hotel was overpriced so we would have breakfast at the Artist Cafe for a little bit less. The Artist Cafe is a block away. This hotel is in a great location. Grant Park is across the street. The Buckingham fountain is a must see at night! Next to Grant Park is Millennium Park. It's not a big deal but it is nice. The free Trolley is a waste of time. They come every 20mins but there was always a huge line waiting for them. Just get on the public bus or train for $1.75. If you are coming into the city from Midway airport take the Orange line train. You will be at downtown in about 25 mins. A cab will charge you about $30 -35 dollars. Before you start your visit do visit the Chicago Cultural Center. There they have information on all attractions. Remember to look for the coupon book. I would visit Chicago again and stay at the same hotel. If you decide to stay at this hotel do not expect the Hilton.Just remember you’re on vacation! Have fun!	
Aug 23 2005	Horrible	I stayed at the Congress Plaza and unfortunately had my diamond necklace stolen from my room. I will never return there and I am filing a police report. Do not go there.	
Aug 22 2005	There is not any word that could describe this place!	This hotel should open it's doors FREE of charge to all the poor homeless people that are in the downtown area. I would not advise anybody else to even consider it. Actually, the only reason a person without a home would want to stay there FREE of charge, is to get out of the cold weather, otherwise, sleeping in one of our beautiful downtown parks is a luxury, compared to this hotel. I was amazed at the filth, and health hazards! Why is Mayor Daley not condemning this place??!!	
Aug 18 2005	Never again	We checked in to the hotel and couldn't find our room because the clerk gave us no information on how to get there and it's really confusing. The room was tiny for $130.00 a night. The shower water was brown and the water pressure was terrible. The view was nice. The air worked great. We made reservations for a king bed and a smoking room but got a non- smoking room and a double bed. My boyfriend and I both woke up with a rash and went to the doctor when we got home and she said it was probably from the sheets at the hotel and had to be put on antibiotics. Gross!	
Aug 16 2005	Not very pleased	another gentleman stayed here and wrote this. He said the carpets were dirty and they were in the lobby. He also said only 1 elevator worked, this also was true. He stated the air in the room was not very cool and that too was the case but the room itself was ok. He also said there were still pickets outside who have been there for a couple years now possibly and they were there. The biggest problem of my stay was I booked the reservation thru expedia.com and paid for it upfront. When I checked out the desk clerk said my balance was zero because I prepaid. However, three days later they charged my credit card another nights lodging and so far they haven't credited my account. I called the hotel and they said they would credit my account and I sure hope they do but I don't think I will ever stay at this hotel again even though it was a cheap rate for downtown Chicago.	
Aug 3 2005	Congress Plaza a little tarnished but can still shine!	The Congress Plaza is a fading old dame who's past her prime. The paint may be peeling in a few corners, and the carpets could use a cleaning but behind the age is a place that still has a lot of beauty and history. Just check out the Gold Room for an idea of what it must have been like. Sure, the bar needs work (not the most luxurious, or even nice looking place) but the rooms were large, service was great and it was clean.My wife and I stayed 3 nights and couldn't have loved it more. But I will say we are not terribly fussy, we expect the price to represent what we get and it certainly did. The location is great, we walked to the Field Museum, Aquarium, Soldier field, took a nearby train to Wriggley field - it was perfect. For those of you who don't need every door handle polished or daily cleaned carpets, those that like to explore the history of a place, I highly recommend this for you. Great price, great location, great hotel.	
Jul 22 2005 	An older hotel	I stayed at the Congress Plaza for two nights recently on business. It was a last minute trip and every other hotel downtown was booked for one of the nights I was in town. What others say about the hotel is pretty much true, I did however experience a couple of different things.1) No problems with the hot water in my room, in fact it was almost too hot.2) My television was pretty new. The person I stayed at the hotel with also had a new television in their roomMy rom was on the 11th floor of the north tower. Being that high (12 floors total) meant that I did not have the bay window that the lower floors had.I booked the internet special rate, if I had it to do over again, I would go with the lakeview room for $20.00 more. The person I was with had this room. There was a fantastic view of the park and lake. They also have a refrig in their room which was nice. My room had a view of another room and a trashchute. Overall, an ok place to stay but there are much better places in the same price range.	
Jul 22 2005	Gorgeous view helpful staff needs a little TLC	I knew this hotel was one of the oldest so I wasn't surprised. The room we were in was huge and had a gorgeous view from the big windows overlooking Buckingham Fountain with the lake in the backround. If they would invest some money into decorating this hotel it would be lovely. I could see it with a Victorian style but the furniture looked more &quot;garage sale&quot; style. The staff was very helpful and it was clean. It was a great location for what we wanted. Close to the Art Museum, Buckingham Fountain and the &quot;Loop&quot; area.	
Jul 21 2005	awful awful awful	Do NOT stay at this hotel unless you have no other choice. My room was huge, but the mattresses and carpet are old and dirty. The airconditioning did not work that well; it could not cool the room enough. The toilet did not flush properly; you have to jiggle it before the tank fills up again. The temperature of the water in the shower kept changing--not very pleasant. The room did not come with iron and ironing board; when we did request for them, they could only provide an iron, as they had run out of ironing boards. When I stayed there, one of the elevators wasn't working for part of the time, and we had wait awhile to get on one. Finally, employees have been on strike for a while (I think, maybe for two years), and a few of them still picket regularly.	
Jul 21 2005 	Great location but hotel could be better	This is an old hotel that's showing its age. Carpeting in lobby should be replaced. Our room was very large and comfortable, though the walls and bathroom could use some updating. Also, there was no lock on the door connecting to the next room, so the mini-fridge had been placed in front of it (the fridge was heavy enough that it wouldn't budge, but it didn't exactly give us peace of mind). On the positive side, it's a great location...right along Michigan Avenue, across from the park, and near the lake. It's an alright place to stay if you don't want to spend a lot of money and would prefer a nice location, but you'll definitely give up luxury.	
Jul 18 2005 	Old Old Old but could be worse	First off, we stayed in a two bedroom suite in the North Tower. This was probably one of the &quot;nicest&quot; rooms in the hotel. I can't comment on the single rooms, but after reading all the reviews, I would imagine our room was as good as it gets.I booked the two room suite for $200.00, and when we arrived it only had one bathroom for both rooms. No biggie, I was with co-workers and we just took shifts. The room(s) were very old, but livable. As an on-the-road salesmen for 16 years, I have definitely stayed in much worse. The suite consisted of two rooms, a bathroom and a &quot;sitting&quot; room. The &quot;couches&quot; in the sitting room were like the ones at grandma's. Wood arms and legs and very little padding. Don't even think of sleeping or even napping on them (even with a pillow on the wood arms). The tv was a 70's vintage &quot;on the floor&quot; console. We had several channels and it worked fine. The bathroom was very clean and in pretty good shape. The water pressure was good and we did not have any problems with constantly changing water temp. The major problem was with the A/C. It is not the standard freon type A/C that all modern hotels have. They pump cold water through them, which is not very efficient. It was about 90 when we stayed there and if we left all three units on all the time, the room was fine. Not cold, but fine. However, the unit in the sitting room leaked water. By the time we left on the third day, half the room was soaked. I feel sorry for the poor people who stay in that room after us (it's gonna reek!)The location is stellar. Right across from Grant and Millennium park and a short walking distance from everything else in downtown. The picketers are a non-issue, they did not say a word to us (of course I am 6'3 and 260, LOL). If I was single, no family and there for biz again, I might stay there if I got a very cheap rate. But if you plan on bringing the wife and kids, choose elsewhere. They do have WiFi in the lobby (the smoke is not bad at all, unless you are anti-smoking nazi). Overall, it was an &quot;experience&quot;. This could be a really cool hotel if someone would dump a few hundred million into it. I would also recommend taking the stairs in the North tower one time. It has a stairwell that you will never forget!	
Jul 14 2005 	Antique Charming but Smoking Lobby	I guess after living in Austin I became spoiled by smoke free restr and hotels - the Congress Plaza is a great hotel for those who smoke, but an intrusion on the noses of the rest of us. The lobby has a bar that wafes of smoke clouds blow into the lobby permeating the entire environment.Now the positives - the lobby and building are historical - the staff is amazing and provide wonderful service - some delays in getting an ironing board (*call house keeping), but bell men were very helpful and amazingly supportive of a single woman traveler. ROOM - Agree with other comments about layers of paint etc. But this is an older hotel so upkeep is not a full rennovation - that would cost in the millions I imagine! My bath was a charming white/green tile with pedastal sink with glass shelf above for my notions. Toiletries better quality and wall mounted hair dryer. Closet small but about equal to all hotels. Minifrig older but held what I needed and the ice DID NOT MELT! as it does in other mini's I also had a large three-window bay window! The view was of a wall and a/c unit; but I wanted a quiet location not a view so they went with my request and i was happy with it other than talking neighbors until 1 a.m. It is across the street from the park and that is nice too.The negatives - agree with other comments - smoke filled lobby, yet... I took advice found here and was in the north tower non smoking floor - if you ask for quiet you will get to back of building but that is okay - WALLS ARE THIN you can hear people in room next to you talking in a normal tone of voice - TV antiquated - I did not see any strikers but understand there are a few there somewhere - For same money approx try the Essex - However I like staying in Bed and Breakfasts, do not mind antiquated and charming - and loved the hotel staff! The Breakfast roomservice is a good meal for the money as well - and at $12 worth the time it saved me even if more expensive than McDonalds.HOTEL GIFT SHOP - one of the best traveler's hotel shops that I've been to and in a small space; offers fruit and breakfast items; luggage strap, eye shades, local tshirts and totes, and needful medical items - you name it they have it somewhere in their small space! I needed a luggage strap and found one there. I also purchased several yogart smoothies to take with me to the convention center.	
Jul 6 2005	Yikes to say the least	I have stayed in much better places to say the least. The room was small, and dirty. I payed $165 a night for my room and we were not happy at all.	
Jul 4 2005 	Not Worth The Price	The lobby is great, but the room needs a lot of updating. Very dirty carpet in the room. Could not tell if the door between rooms was locked well. Could hear all noises outside the room. Next time, I'll pay more and stay someplace nicer and safer.Also, the workers are on strike, which makes for an upleasant experience when arriving and leaving the hotel.	
Jul 2 2005	Adored this hotel	I was a little nervous as I approached this hotel to check in. I had read terrible things and many of my comments here refer to some of those terrible things I had read. The pickets never gave me any hassle. Maybe I got the only good room in the place, I don't know, but room 840 was great. It was made up by three every day and with bathroom supplies kept well stocked up.Hot water came after very few seconds and was fully adjustable to the desired temperature. No two-inch cockroaches were seen. My room was clean and dry.Okay, it's an old building but that just gave me a sense of history. The lifts worked but I must say the bar was a bit of a mess. An interesting mess. I went to this hotel thinking I would check out saying to myself, well, I've seen worse, but that wasn't the case, I absolutely adored this place.	
Jun 29 2005	Excellent for the price	I'm giving this hotel an above average rating. I read all the reviews where people gave this hotel a &quot;Terrible&quot; rating. Okay, first of all why does someone go on vacation? To get out! So the actual time spent in a room is to sleep and bathe. Now if you want to pay $350+ for a room per night, then by all means you need to find another palce. If you go on vacation to stay in your hotel room more than 8 hours in a day, then stay home and save the money. But if you go on vacation to see the sights, get out on the town, shop and you rather spend money on yourself instead of high priced hotel rooms, then the Congress is the place to go. I walked from the hotel to Field Museum, Shed Aquarium, Grant Park, Millennium Park, up and down Michigan Ave., Buckingham Fountaion and if you go to Buckingham Fountain at 9:30 on a Wends. or Sat. night, you can see fireworks at Navy Peir, yes, all these things are that close. The hotel is old, you actually feel like you're in the late 1800's walking down the high celing hallways. You also get this pre-20th Century feeling in the lobby. The decor is beautiful to those who appreciate our country's early urban history.The service people were very helpful and friendly. The rooms were always cleaned upon our return and we never needed anything additional. My sister got a room next to ours and the fridge was not working, it was replaced within the hour. And yes there were striking workers outside the hotel. I had a friendly chat with them and learned their concerns. I also learned the concerns of management to keep the hotel operating. Hopefully through negotiations they will resolve their issues. The room I was in, 1008 , had a view of the building across, not a great view , but hell, if I wanna see something I just go down stairs and check it out for myself. The hotel itself has a bit of a rustic feel to it. You're there for adventure, or meetings, conventions, not to pamper yourself. If the Congress Plaza people read this please give special comendation to the folks who worked in the restaurant downstains at breakfast on June 14 about 8am. There were several hosts who made our first day there VERY enjoyable, which sent the whole tone for the 6 day were spent there. If I ever travel back to Chicago I would stay at the Congress just to be around &quot;real&quot; people.	
Jun 26 2005 	Awful	The best part about staying here is you will definitely get out and see Chicago in order to limit the time spent in the dreary, depressing, threadbare, dark, viewless room.I stayed here after desperately looking for anything else during a time when a room at the Best Western (if any had been available) was $300 because of multiple conventions filling the other hotels. The bathroom was clean; there ends any positive comment. There wasn't even a clock!	
Jun 26 2005 	Congress Plaza - not worth it no matter what price	Stayed June 24, 2005 at the Congress Plaza because it was the only hotel that wasn't booked up and under $300 per night. First problem was parking. Their parking garage was full (I'm assuming they made big $ on the Taste of Chicago visitors and didn't save room for their own guests). Went to valet then for their help. They wouldn't park us. Told us the next nearest garage. That garage quoted me a price and charged alot more when we went to pick up the car. Second, registration area would be nice (it's old but unique) but the carpet has huge, obvious stains and the fountain of water only 1/2 worked.Next, long wait for the elevator and long haul to the room. Once you get to your floor, you have to go through several different doorways to get to your room. Peeling paint in the main part of the room and the bathroom. TV is very, very old. Carpet very stained. There are knobs to turn on the water for the bathtub and a second set to turn on the water for the shower. Tiles in shower are falling off. Water pressure is like using the sprayer on your kitchen sink. Water is first scalding and then freezing. Train runs in back of the hotel and keeps you awake half of the night. We paid $189 for this room! We are not people that need pampered or all of the bells and whistles. Just want a clean/safe/quiet room to sleep in.	
Jun 6 2005 	Homeless People Have Better Accomodations	Consider the nearby Hilton, Essex, YMCA, or cardboard box! Homeless people are ashamed to panhandle in front of the Congress Plaza! This place does not have running water with any sort of pressure, ineffective toilets, flickering electric, circa-1970's televisions with remote controls that don't have batteries. I reserved a non-smoking room. I also received a slightly used carton of Marlboro lights in my closet. Apparently the room was non-smoking, the closet must be smoke'um if you gottum. This place is disgusting. The air conditioner has one setting--dust. The lighting is inadequate, the security is nonexistent, and the locks are flimsy. Do not stay at this hotel. Stay at the Essex, at least it is clean!	
May 24 2005	You would be better off sleeping in the streets!	Have you ever heard of waiting 4 hours to get an iron and ironing board? How about being unable to get extra towels, pillows, or blankets? I love when you stay in a hotel and they don't clean your room, or when the hot water knob in the shower falls off when you turn it on. It's also nice when none of the hotel employee's speak english. Even the Parking lot attendants were rude and inconsiderate. They acted as if parking your car was a huge problem...wait a minute isn't it their job? It costs $23 a night so you might think they would be more considerate. Walking into the Congress Plaza and seeing the stained carpet reminded me of the hotel in THE SHINNING, all it needed was a ax weilding psycho. We were given a room with one bed and were unable to change because they didn't seem to have any others available. And, due to the fact that we couldnt get any pillows or blankets, my one friend was forced to sleep on the floor using his gym bag as a headrest. the door connecting our room and the one next to us was unlocked making it extremely easy to walk into someone elses room and roam about. When i popped my head into the other room to say hello, and notify them that the door was unlocked i was greeted by a lady who cursed me out and slammed the door in my face. The service in the hotel was terrible, the staff was rude and unhelpful, and the exercise room was full of broken down cardio equiment and a weight set that even a steroid muching body builder wouldn't touch. At the time it was the cheapest rate i could find on the internet for $120 a night. If you want to save some money bring a sleeping bag and crash in Grant Park with the homeless, or pay a little more for a hotel chain you're familiar with. Otherwise, it makes as much sense to flush your money down one of the hotels old, dirty toliets.	
May 18 2005	My dog sleeps in better accommodation	AAAAAAAgh! Walk away...now...when you have the chance! that's what we did. I had read the reviews AFTER I booked this haven of filth. I couldn't get a budget priced hotel on the Internet so I decided after our long haul flight from Dublin to stay for the 1st night just to recover from the jet lag &amp; look around somewhere the following day. My dog was left sleeping in better accommodation than I was offered here. Sleeping on the streets would have been better. less likely of picking up some incurable contagious disease, because the filth of the room, the hotel, the hallways the carpet -ugh! Walked out as quickly as we had checked in &amp; found a beautiful cheap clean hotel in the Essex Hotel a few doors down.Karen, Ireland	
May 12 2005	Decent place for the budget traveler	Yes, you can believe a decent amount of what the other reviews say... it is an older hotel and it shows, but it has such great history which I found quite interesting. And yes, the hallways were a little spooky, the carpet a little stained, etc., but our room was clean, we always had clean towels and linens, and we paid $89 a night to be in a primo location! They do have picketers, but I never saw more than about ten, and they never uttered a word anytime during our coming and going. I hate paying an arm and a leg for a hotel room when traveling since I am only in it long enough to sleep anyway, and I would stay here again. (I would suggest requesting a room with a view in the North Tower though!)	
May 8 2005	Nice Location	A pretty good location, rite downtown, close to the Art museam, walk to Rush street, and across from the park. The hotel itself is a rundown old faded beauty. You could tell this was an impressive hotel at one time, like 40 years ago. It has not been kept up. The wallpaper in the hallways was peeling off, the bathroom appliances and faucets were loose, the smoke alarms were falling off the celing and had no batteries, the carpet was badly stained. I could go on but you get the point. The staff was bare and no one ever answers the phones in this place but what few employees they had, they were pleasent and helpful. The hotel bar was a joke, like hanging out in a resturant kitchen and drinking, devoid of charactor and the free appetisers they offered was popcorn, sometimes. They charge $ 2 for a toll free call and there were lots of strikers in front of the hotel. The price for our suite was $ 179 a nite, not such a great deal but not bad for the location. However, we will not be going back at half that price.	
May 5 2005 	I can't say it strongly enough...do not stay at the Congress!	We went on business, our room wasn't all that bad, we had four channels on our TV, two in spanish. But our co-workers room one floor below was awful. The window was broken and wouldn't close, it was 22 degrees outside and the heater was sealed shut so you couldn't turn it on; he had to take all the sheets off the other bed and add it to his just to get some warmth. On top of that he got over a dozen bites while sleeping in their bed, which we could only chalk up to bed bugs! He had either extreemly hot water, or very cold, and now towel replenishment for 5 days! We talked to the desk a number of times and never got assistence! We had also requested the North tower, we called twice to confirm our accomidations. When we arrived they informed us we were being sent to another unit that looked like it may have been an old hotel added to the Congress years ago. That wasn't so bad except they sent us and four other groups that checked in at the same time to the wrong rooms. We were all trying to get into rooms people were staying in because their directions to the room were wrong! Our co-worker got told off by the guy who's room he mistakenly tried to get into! We all had to go to the front desk three times before they told us there had been a mistake and gave us proper directions! BREAKFAST AT THE GAZZEBO ROOM WAS TERRIBLE! WE DIDN'T EAT AND GOT REFUNDED THE $13.95 THEY CHARGED FOR EGGS AND JUICE!!! The employees have been on strike for almost 2 years, you can't even get out the front door!Pay extra to stay ANYWHERE but the Congress. I can't reiterate that enough, this comes from all three of us who stayed there!	
May 4 2005 	Not what I expected	I booked this hotel as a package online. The location is pretty good if you want to see the sights or if you're attending anything at the McCormick Center - it's about a 10min. taxi ride away. There are striking protesters outside that get on your nerves, even after staying for 3 nights.When I checked in, they told me I'm staying in the Buckingham wing - WARNING - DO NOT STAY IN THE BUCKINGHAM WING! The rooms are really small and resemble a run-down motel on the side of the road. It was relatively clean, but I really was thinking of switching hotels. Fortunately, the radiator in my room was broken! I was transferred to another room in the main building. That room was a big improvement on the previous one. The tv had 4 working channels, instead of 1!Overall, if you're lucky to get into the main building on check in, it is a bearable hotel to stay in for the price - but not something I would recommend to my friends to stay in when visiting Chicago.	
May 2 2005	you can do so much better	Well the location is nice-right across from the park. From our room we had a nice view and could even see Navy Pier. Smoking is allowed in the lobby-enough to choke a horse. We had a &quot;suite&quot;-2 bedrooms. One bedroom had a king size bed-one lamp on one side of the bed was the only light in that room not nearly enough. But at least it had a door. The other bedroom, with 2 beds, did not. The smoke alram was hanging haphazardly off the ceiling with no visible battery. The walls were beat and chipped, the carpet was stained everywhere-even in the lobby! ICK! A huge chunk of wallpaper was missing by the elevator. We stayed 2 nites and had to call to get our room cleaned-at 3:30 pm!! The sheets smelled clean but had stains. A friend statyed on a different floor-nicer carpet there. To make an 800 number call-still incurred a charge of $1.85!! We called the hotel from outside to leave a message-they never answered unless you hit 0 and #-indeed sitting in the lobby you can hear that the phone rings incessantly and no one ever answers it!!! I wouldnt ever reccomend this place and dont plan to stay here again-it needs a MAJOR facelift -you can do much better elsewhere!	
May 2 2005	Fantastic view	Yes, this hotel is over 100 years old, but the rooms were clean, service good, location (none better) if you are interested in any of the museums, millenium park, shopping on State St., or going to the auditorium. View was so good we ordered room service for breakfast just to be able to sit in front of the windows longer. Elevators were nice, lobby was great, bar was busy at night but waittress was very attentive. Gift shop open late, prices decent. Bellman very helpful, parking very convenient. Best of all the room price was the best in Chicago! Okay the sun blocking curtains had seen better days, but everything in the room worked great. Have stayed at hotels with a 4 star rating that didn't hold a candle to The Congress!	
Apr 27 2005	Great location awesome value for money	I have to admit to being a little perplexed by the other reviews for this place. Is the Congress a great hotel? No, it's not. It's but a step above budget, and that shows in the scruffy old carpet, the thin linen, the squeaky elevators, the ancient televisions and lack of cable and the smell of the cheap, industrial cleaning products they use to disinfect the place. But, really, what do you expect for such a price? All things considered, I thought it was great value. This Congress is a genuine hotel with private rooms, clean bathrooms and surprisingly helpful staff, right opposite Grant Park (great views!) and convenient to everything in Chicago. I was pretty chuffed to get such a deal, especially as it meant I had enough money left to see everything in this most awesome of cities!	
Apr 22 2005	An absolute pigsty and rude staff!!	We lasted all of one hour at this awful, disgusting hotel. We were greeted by strikers at the front door which led us to carry six bags ourselves. After being greeted at the front desk by a spanish speaking deskclerk - we don't speak spanish which made communication a little difficult - we made the long trek up to our room; all six bags in hand. After winding around to the back of the hotel through dingy, dank halls - I asked for a room with a view - we entered our sparse, ugly room overlooking the fire escape. What struck me first was the heat. It must have been 80 degrees in there with NO AIR CONDITIONING!!!! I called the desk and she explained that they don't turn the air on until later in the season. I told her that it was unlivable in our room and she offered to move us to another. I asked if THAT room would have air - of course not. So the point of the move????? The room was a throwback to a B movie - sparse, dark and lacking any and all personality. NO HAIRDRYER as promised. I spent one hour on the phone trying to find another hotel room and finally did. We made the long journey down to the desk and told the &quot;manager&quot; that we were cancelling our reservation and why. She was OFFICIOUS and RUDE!!!! And then proceeded to present us with a bill for $18.00 for local phone calls!!! Of course we told her nothing was getting paid because we had to search for a room due to the fact that her hotel was a dump!! She kept saying &quot;I'm sorry, there is nothing I can do.&quot; We persisted to the point of having her call HER manager who apparently was in the proverbial &quot;meeting&quot;. I told her we would wait until she found him because NOTHING was being paid on our part. She took her time, made a call and ok'd no charge. RUDE, RUDE, RUDE!! This place is a disaster. They should be ashamed of themselves. We moved to the Courtyard by Marriott north of town and were THRILLED. Ver clean, polite service and AIR!! Please stay there!!!!	
Apr 12 2005	Great Price and Location Run down appearance and slow service	When we arrived at the hotel, there were about 10 employees outside the main doors on strike holding their signs. Supposedly low pay and no benefits. We got checked in all fine and headed to our rooms, not a problem one of the two elevators was out, so the wait was longer. When you arrive at your floor it is just like the Shining, long dim lighted halls. We arrived at our room, and entered. Not the best we have had, but not the worst, but close. We took the load off and then looked around. There just happened to be a hole in our wall near the window, the window was starting to slip on the side the hole was, so a tremendous amount of cold air in the evening entered our room, not to mention the heater didn't work and when we requested new towels and a few extra blankets it took them 4 hours. We had noticed some gum on the wall near our light switch and the lock on the bathroom door was removed. But, you learn quick when you take a shower and the cold (blue) is the hot water and the hot is the cold. So some scientist thought they would just reverse the way things are suppose to be. I have to say for the price in downtown and the great location. We could shop, go to Sears Tower, Grant Park, Mil. Park, Bunkingham Fountain (which was off this time of the year), and some nice restaurants. I personally recommend Dick's Last Resort, the only Bar and Grill with great food and you can throw napkins balled up at anyone in range, great family fun. I guess we only slept in the place, so its up to you.	
Apr 8 2005	Not that great!	This was one of the worst hotels that I have ever stayed at. The lighting was bad, the toilet continued to run every other time it was flushed, the shower handle fell off when I touched it and I only had really hot water or really cold water. The tile in the bathroom was cracked in a few places and I stubbed my toe quite a few times. The TV was ancient (but who cares because I was there to see Chicago not stay in my room). The hallways smelled bad and one of the two elevators did not work for most of my stay. I read about the picketers before I booked this hotel and they didn't seem to bother me (as I used the side entrance most of the time). The only good things about this place is that the employees were nice and helpful and breakfast was good (and quick!) Not a hotel I would recommend, it sort of gave me the creeps (probably because it was old).	
Apr 6 2005	Maybe you can meet a NEW FRIEND here too?!	We checked into this joint after spending 3 days at the Swissotel, so to say we had been spoiled would be a bit of an understatement. We found most of the employees to be a nice enough sort and the hotel itself is in a great location, which is why we booked it in the first place. My main problem was the smell. The hallways and elevators especially smelled STRONGLY of Lysol and bleach. It got to the point where I would honestly hold my breath starting when we left the room, up until we reached the lobby of the hotel a few floors below. I nearly passed out a few times, but hey, it was worth it!! (It made me wonder what could possibly be SO dirty that they would need to use gallons of cleaner in order to get rid of the mess.)Our rooms were just Ok. We had a surprisingly nice view (must have been our good luck and charm at the front desk)and we found the room to be quiet except for the &quot;street noise&quot; of the city--but this is Chicago and we didn't go there for the peace and quiet. The best part of our stay was that one night while waiting for the elevator, we made a new friend. He was short and black--about 3 inches long. Great set of &quot;feelers.&quot; And boy, what charisma! It was a cockroach. I could tell that he really liked it at the Congress. That is, until later when he most likely met up with the roach spray and went to &quot;roach heaven.&quot;We went to sleep with the A/C on (our visit was during summer)and at 3AM I woke up to the sound of: &quot;Bangety bang, bangety bang, BANG, BANG, BANG! bangety bang bangety bangety bangety BANG!&quot; You guessed it--the A/C was on the fritz. They sent a repairman up, who arrived semi-sober, an hour later. After much cussing, mumbling and a generous tip from my boyfriend, he had that thing running just like a song!Even though our stay at the Congress was a little disappointing, I have nothing but GOOD things to say about Chicago. What a wonderful, wonderful city! I found the people to be delightful and everything we did was great fun. I can't wait to return.	
Mar 14 2005	Embarrassing - Congress Hotel	Save your money!! Do not stay at this hotel – It’s old and dirty. Poor service, poor amenities, and ran across some bugs in January! Re-think your selection. I made the mistake of simply looking at the location and pricing – bad move on my part!	
Dec 31 2004	Fine Stay	Great Location. Rooms Clean, and plenty big. Building was well lit, and had no problems in the elevator. Avoid the RUDE picketers. The staff was very friendly, and helped us with directions for the city. Take a moment to enjoy the beauty of this hotel. Rates are very reasonable. I would highly recommed this hotel. Please not however that there is no pool, has some websites say. Have a good trip!	
Dec 13 2004	It's truely worthwhile!!	My mother, sister, &amp; I just stayed at the Congress Hotel on Sat. Dec. 11th. What a great deal!!! We were in walking distance to State St., the Berghoff, and the Ford theatre!!! Everything we wanted and at a great price!! Yes,, it's old &amp; you need to let the hot water run in the shower for a while before you get in , but compared to the $$$$$ of other hotels... there's just no comparison. Who stays IN the room all that much??? If you do... stay home!!!! Chicago is the place to get OUT!!	
Dec 6 2004	Cramped stained and a little bit scary	I stayed at the Congress because it was close to the seminar I was attending, and because the online photos looked interesting. Plus, the price was right for my budget-minded employers. I stayed in the South Tower and I will warn anyone who stays here to avoid the South Tower rooms if at all possible. From what I have heard, the North Tower rooms are better, if you can get them.The elevator only worked 1/2 the time, the hallways were narrow, winding, and dark. The walls and carpeting were all stained, in the hallway and in the room. The shower ran either freezing cold or scalding, and the water was a rusty yellow. The room was tiny and the bed was lumpy and concave on the side next to the nightstand. And the &quot;view&quot; was a lovely look at the L-train and not much else.The walls were very thin, and the doors all squeeled and slammed heavily. It was impossible to get a good night's sleep.The only plus was the lovely lobby, filled with an eclectic mix of people, and the helpful staff. Even at less than $100 per night, I would not stay here again.	
Dec 2 2004	Tried to charge more at check-in	I recently reserved and received a confirmation at their hotel for a rate of $99. When I checked in, I forgot a copy of my confirmation and they told me there was no way the room rate was only $99 and attempted to charge me a higher rate. After I paid them $8 to print out a copy of the confirmation at one of their computers did they believe me. Throughout this, I heard the staff saying that there had been a couple of other instances that day where guests had claimed to have the $99 rate. Does the hotel think there is some conspiracy among guests? If you are going to confirm reservations at a given price, you HAVE TO live up to it. On top of all this, the hotel quality wasn't even that great.	
Dec 2 2004	it sure is the worst!	The location is great, but not the rooms. The worst room I have ever been at. I think they just waste their terrific location...	
Nov 11 2004	no no no no no no no	where do we start, after moving rooms 3 times we were still unhappy with the standard of room. thread bare sheets, cracked baths and toilets, disgraceful decor and faulty heating. the only good points are the helpful staff and the view of the park and lake!would never stay here againwould advise you to cancel your booking, wish we had based on the other trip advisor reviews	
Nov 1 2004	Great price and great location!	I just returned from Chicago and spent 2 nights at the Congress Plaza Hotel. I was very pleasantly surprised since I had read the previous reviews. This hotel is over a hundred years old. The paint is thick, especially on the doors, but I really don't see what difference that makes! Our room was very clean, bed very comfortable, no complaints at all. The bathtub had a crack in the tile, but water pressure was fine, had enough towels,etc. All of the employees we encountered were very friendly and polite, and the doorman always checked to see if we needed a cab. There were picketers, and I felt bad to cross a picket line, but non refundable reservations had already been made. But they were not intrusive, and did what they had to do as far as walking the street with their picket signs. Hopefully the strike will be settled, because I would definitely stay here again, especially since we paid only $85 night and the location is wonderful. When you compare the reviews of the Congress to the other Chicago area hotels, you will notice a very large amount of reviews here compared to the others, so I believe there may be additional negative reviews posted here to scare people away. (just my personal opinion.)	
Oct 21 2004	Good price Good Location Good Time	My husband and I stayed at the Congress Plaza in 10/03 and 10/04. While the hotel certainly can use some upgrading, the price was right ($99/night), the hotel staff was pleasant and helpful, the bed was comfortable and our room was clean. We did not eat there so cannot comment on food quality or prices. Location is especially excellent on S. Michigan Avenue. It is close to both train and bus stops and walking distance to Soldier Field, the Field Museum and Acquarium. You can catch a bus outside the hotel that takes you down the Avenue to the Magnificent Mile Stores. We plan to stay there again next year when we do our annual trip to Chicago.	
Oct 20 2004	Dreadful hotel - run away screaming - do not check in.	A beautiful hotel - long ago. Terrible, dirty, smoky, maintained by the Clampitts.Checked into this &quot;three star&quot; hotel and out the next day. We wouldn't have stayed one night if we could help it. Dozens of coats of paints are slopped on every surface. Room features included a sagging bed, threadbare bedding, peeling wallpaper as well as curtains with cigarette burns, holes and tears. Bathroom tiled by kindergartners on a bad hair day. I have traveled around the world and this is perhaps the worst hotel I have ever seen. It makes Motel 6 look like the Ritz.	
Oct 19 2004	Dingy and creepy...but decent location	If you are interested in history and historic buildings, you won't be able to help wondering what the Congress Hotel looked like in its heyday--not to mention its untapped potential. What the hotel desperately needs is someone with a lot of money and vision to come in and restore the place to its 1893 grandeur.The Congress is definitely a little dingy and creepy, but really not as awfyk as some reviewers would have you believe. If you are coming to Chicago to be out and about, and just want a place to sleep at night, the Congress should suit you just fine. The hotel workers strike continues. As much as I sympathize with them, the picketers outside the hotel were an annoyance and made me somewhat uncomfortable when I exited and entered the hotel. Although none of them got in our faces, it was pretty clear they were not happy with us staying at the hotel.The front desk people were reasonably friendly and helpful, and the lobby was full of activity (probably because the rooms are so depressing that the guests would rather hang out in the lobby). Unfortunately, after we checked in, we had a very difficult time finding our room. The halls are very poorly marked and signage is confusing.Weird, surreal, and creepy are the best adjectives to describe the hallways (and the entire hotel, for that matter). We hardly saw a living soul in the hallways, and it made me wonder what sort of bizarro Twilight Zone hotel we had checked into! Anyone who has seen the movie &quot;Barton Fink&quot; will have an idea of the appearance of the Congress Hotel. (I was relieved that the guests we saw in the lobby looked like &quot;normal&quot; people).If you are interested in history and historic buildings, you won't be able to help wondering what this old place looked like in its heyday--not to mention its untapped potential. What the Congress desperately needs is someone with a lot of money to restore the place to its 1893 grandeur.Okay, now our The best thing I can say about our cave-like room was that it was reasonably clean and the (old rickety) television had cable. The woodwork has about ten thousand layers of paint on it and the room decor probably hadn't been changed in twenty years. Bathroom's shower head nozzle was VERY high, so anyone shorter that 5'8&quot; would have a very hard time reaching it.Make sure to go over your bill thoroughly before leaving. We were charged a $56 parking fee when we didn't even DRIVE to Chicago. To their credit, the front desk people quickly acknowledged the mistake and subtracted it from our bill.Well, I could very easily go on describing the various quirks of this ancient hotel. Once again, if luxury and comfort are important to you, DO NOT stay at the Congress. However, if you want great location at a reasonable cost and just a place to lay your head at night (and enjoy a little weird, funky character in your lodgings), the Congress is for you.	
Oct 13 2004	Good Location but very old and not too clean	I was hesitant in staying here because of the bad reviews, however, we had no choice because everything else was booked. The location is great if you are doing the Marathon. That is really the only good thing about this hotel. For 200 bucks a night you can just walk to the marathon. However, the workers are on strike and they seem to congregate in the front of the hotel all day! The room I got was large and had two king beds, so that was a plus. However, the carpet is very old and very dirty. There is paint peeling in the room and the windows on the 12th floor are made for SMURFS (tiny 2 x2 windows). I personally, will look to stay somewhere else the next time I visit Chicago, but if this is the only option I will stay here again if I had too because of the location.	
Oct 11 2004	Definitely Survivorable	OK, I saw the internet site bashing this hotel and I know all about the workers being on strike. Honestly, the only reason I stayed there was because it was the only place downtown during the Chicago Marathon this past weekend I could find that wasn't $400+ a night. I stayed in the North Tower, room 754. Yes, it is a very old hotel in need of a lot of work. And yes they probably should just gut the place and start anew since it's in a terrific location. That being said, our room was adequate. The bedsheets were clean. The bathroom was clean as well with more than plenty hot water in the shower. It was very quiet on the floor as well. The hallways were under renovation and looked very barren but they were working as we were there putting in new carpeting and wallpaper. Now, the workmanship left a lot to be desired but again, it was adequate. They did overcharge me by $45 for a rollaway bed I never had ( and who charges for rollaways?). But, that was taken off the bill as soon as I went to the front desk. As for the strikers: yes they are there and they do not bother you in the least. And yes, you can use the side entrance to avoid them.....so overall: Would I have picked the place? NO....Do I regret staying there? NO. If you are young and don't mind your surroundings as long as you get a good bed and clean bathroom, this place will work for you. If you like the success of your trip to Chicago to be reflected in the place you stay at, find another hotel.	
Oct 10 2004	bugs?!??	The picketers out front got to me. When we checked in, the picketers heckeled the guy who was to park our car, by repeatedly asking him if he was going to buy their lunch. We checked in and as walking to our south tower room we laughed because of the old smell, and the fact that we NEVER spring for 'expensive' hotels. We are school teachers with our own finance issues!! The picketers spoke to us as we were coming back from dinner. They wanted to know why we would stay in such a dirty hotel, that they had been on strike for 18 months and nobody cleans the place. They told us that people come out to them and report waking up to ants on the ceiling and cockroaches, and bed bugs. That made us feel welcome --NOT!! We told them we had gotten the hotel from hotels and it was prepaid. We couldn't get our money back! They tried to convince us to go to the travel lodge around the corner. We knew we wouldn't get our money back, so we stayed. I slept with my clothes on my pillow so my head didn't have to touch their linens. The 7th floor was sopping wet from a leaky ice machine and there were parts of our walls that had been damaged and not repaired. I will say that it helped me imagine stereotypical chicago life, and added 'adventure' to our stay. I'm just glad no one shot off my pinky toe!!! ;-) stay here if you laugh alot. if you're 'used to a certain standard' -don't do it!!! They need to find a way to have hotels warn us of stuff like this before we make our choice!	
Sep 22 2004	worst room I've ever stayed in	I stayed at this hotel for a wedding we were attending this past weekend. I couldn't believe it when we were checked into a room with plaster falling off the walls, the carpet tattered, plastic curtains, a bed so hard you could feel the springs!!No fun crossing a picket line every time you come &quot;home&quot;. The management did change our room the second day when our host complained, come to find out the original room was to be demolished on Mon!!!Even the newer room left much to be desired. It is such a shame that an old hotel like this could not be refurbished to its former self	
Sep 22 2004	I just had a great time	I was just at the Congress and I had to write. I had an absolutely great time. I went to Chicago to get out and see things, not spend all my time in the hotel room. First, my room was very clean. Maid service came every morning. The bed was made, new towels were provided and the trash was emptied. They were polite and friendly, as were the employees at the front desk. Our room was on the 12th floor overlooking Grant Park and Buckingham Fountain. We could easily get to all the train stops we needed and explored all of the Magnificent Mile on foot from the hotel. Our TV was not at all antiquated and the bathroom fixtures all worked fine. The hotel is very old and the style of the hallways and rooms reflect that. However, if you want to have a good time and stay at a clean, great location, stay here. I don't understand why anyone would think they're going to get the Ritz for $100 a night. We didn't hear any of our neighbors. Maybe they were also out exploring the city from this great location having the time of their lives.	
Sep 21 2004	Had potential what a shame .... very run-down	My fiance and I stayed here for a long weekend in September 2003. The photos make it look much better than it is! We've both travelled all over the world, but this was bad compared to even the most inexpensive youth hostels in Europe and Asia.It could be such a charming and beautiful place. The decor is wonderful and the hotel has potential. But...- the doors and rooms have been painted so many times that we could barely get the door open!- all doors creak really loudly whenever you open or close them- room smelled very musty, very damp- bathroom fixtures run-down, THIN WALLS (no mystery there!)- crunchy carpet- saggy mattress, rough towelsThey say they renovated a few years ago - maybe we were in a non-renovated room? I really wanted to love this hotel, but I was so disappointed! However, the location is great and the people were all very nice.	
Sep 20 2004	Walls are so thin you can hear neighbors.	I have never written any reviews before in my life. But I think I am doing this so that you wont make the mistake I did. Dont stay in this hotel. I dont know why they call it a hotel anyways. It is absolutely horrible. I hope it goes out of business, which is probably what is going to happen. It will go out of business because the owner cant even afford to pay its employees. They are on strike, and it is a terrible welcome when you enter the hotel, the unhappy employees stare at you as if it where your foult. Employees are mean and frustrated, they dont want to do you any service when you call the front desk. It is like a movie, I hope it goes out of business, old piece of ----. The walls are so thin you can hear your neighbors from both sides. Horrible. Bathrooms, horrible. Walls, paint is falling down, hallways, scarier than the adams family. DONT STAY IN THIS HOTEL, AND MAYBE IT WILL GO OUT OF BUSINESS. If it goes out of business someone more professional with more intellectual consumer service talent will buy it and rebuild the whole ----. THAT WAY THE CONSUMERS AND EMPLOYEES WILL BE HAPPY. THE ONLY ONE HAPPY KNOW IS THE OWNER, KNOWING HE IS RIPPING PEOPLE OFF. THE OWNER ROBBED ME $450 FOR THREE LOUSY NIGHTS. 	
Sep 12 2004	Old hotel did I mention old	Nice lobby and good location, but that is about it.This used to be a great hotel, unfortunately, that was fifty years ago. This is just a ran down old hotel that should have been renovated many years ago. The room was small and there was about twelve inches of space between the bed and the corner of the wall to walk through. The tv had few stations with no cable. Thats right, NO ESPN. The bathrooms had the same old decor as the rest of the room. Hotel staff did let us store our bags after check out in a secure room. There is also a five block walk to the subway.	
Aug 15 2004	Make your opinion known	When we first checked in, I thought it was a bad joke. The room was the worst I've ever been in, and I've been in some dandies. I gladly went down to discuss the problem with the manager, who quickly and politely gave us a room in the north tower. This room was much better, but still needed a lot of attention. Between getting scalded then frozen in the shower, and wondering at the peeling paint and tattered carpet, I was disappointed in our stay. This once-gorgeous hotel has beautiful woodwork, but is in very sad condition. It could and should be one of the nicest in Chicago with its forgotten charm and architecture, but for now, it's a dump. I don't like crossing picket lines, either. The restaurant is also overpriced and inaccurate.	
Aug 15 2004	The WORST	OK, I've never wrote a review on this site, but I decided to do so that others could avoid this horrible place. (I think the reviewer who gave this place 5 stars is may the owner of the hotel). I got the hotel around 2 am with two sleeping babies and tired wife after 6 hours driving from MI, and I couldn't find any help at the front door - no bell boy, and no one on Front desk. Finally I got some one on the Front, and surprisingly, she said she CAN NOT CHECK ME IN, because their system is doing back-up thing. I should wait over 30 minutes at the Lobby. She said that it is physically impossible to do Check-in or out when they do the work. I asked her to call manager, and again, NO MANAGER was on duty! (I confirmed that their book said that a Manager is available for 24 hours, though, huh!). Finally, I got the key at 2:40am, and the way to the room and the room itself were, PHYSICALLY falling down. Everything was OLD and GROSS. All my family really scared to touch anything.Anyway, because we were so tired, we went beds, and did tour next day. When we returned the room, surprise again, the status of room was exactly same as the time when we left it. I mean, no one made the room on the day. Again, the staff said sorry, but no manager was available. I have travelled many countries and cities, but this was the WORST one. With over $100 per a night, you could find a NORMAL Hotel in the area. If you really want a HISTORICAL place to stay, OK, but never expect a clean, comfort room or any professional staff from this place (Actually, I don't believe this is a Hotel). I really wonder how this thing is still survive in this competitive business era.	
Aug 10 2004	Wasn't disappointed!	Stayed at the Congress for a two night get away with my wife and was not disappointed. Yeah the walls in the halls were purple and the carpet was old, but I didn't expect everything to be modern in a hotel that is over 100 years old. I will say that there are things that could be improved, but I think I would say that about any of the hotels in downtown Chicago. The hotel is in a great location and for the money I would stay there again. I really liked being able to walk to nearly every attraction that I wanted to get to with little effort. The parks across the street are very nice.Oh yes, the picketers, they were not a problem for any guests that I saw.	
Aug 3 2004	Congress Hotel Chicago AWSOME	Beautiful lobby, parking inexpensive. Our room over looked Buckingham Fountain, Lake Michigan, Shed Aquarium, Science &amp; Industry Bldg and Navy Pier. The room it self was quint, bit of an old fashion bathroom. I would definitely stay there again.Also check out the Community Center downtown across from the Art Institute. Lots of activities and discount tickets for events &amp; restaurants. If its your first time there contact a &quot;Chicago Greeter&quot; service; they will tell you the best way to get to where ever you want to go.	
Jul 23 2004	Terrible hotel	It's the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. And it wasn't cheap. The carpet, linens, wallpaper, and furniture were old and gross. The bathroom was really scary... an open drain in the tub (I made sure I did not wear any jewelry), bad lighting, and the sink faucet hardly worked. Our room adjoined another so we heard everything the couple did next door (gross). Maybe there are nice rooms in the hotel but ours was horrible. The lighting in the hallways was like something from a horror movie. There is a strike going on in front of the hotel which you had to cross (they did not harrass you). You can tell the hotel was beautiful at one time, but not now. The only redeeming quality is the view of Grant Park and the lake. Plus it's a convenient location. The valet provided a private Town Car (for the same price as a taxi) which was a nice way to get back to Midway Aiport-- about a 15-minute ride. If the hotel renovates the rooms, it might be worth staying there in the future.	
Jul 19 2004	Not bad for the money	My wife and I stayed at the hotel July 16-18 weekend. This was our second stay there. The hotel is very historic and I appreciated that a lot of the early 1900's charm was left intact. I dont know what some of you people were expecting. The hotel is in the older part of the city. We were only in the room 6 - 7 hours at night to sleep. ITS CHICAGO PEOPLE. WHAT ARE YOU SPENDING SO MUCH TIME IN THE HOTEL FOR? As far as the dining, I rarely eat at a hotel when staying out of town, especially in a city like this. Why would you eat at the hotel when there are so many awesome options around you. As far as the striking workers, I couldnt care less. I was never harrassed by any of the picketers, and if you used the congress street entrance, you would never even run into a picketer. I would highly recomend this hotel to anybody who wants to stay in a good location, who doesnt want to pay 140 bucks a night for a room, and who also wants to experience all chicago has to offer.	
Jul 17 2004	What a dump!	This should not even be called a hotel. It is more like a homeless shelter. My wife, child and I stayed there for a week. The up-keep on this hotel is horrible. The rooms smell like mildew and the paint is peeling off the walls. There was snot all over the shower walls. The TV was one of the first ever made. The hotel staff was rude and they lied about everything. First of all my wife went down for breakfast. She requested a high chair for my son, never got one. No one even asked if she would like to order. Then they had the nerve to charge her for a coffee ($2.20) that she never even got. When I confronted the staff, they said they don't even serve breakfast in that room. So my wife must have been dreaming. Everything is an over-charge, 1-800 numbers are priced at $1.25 and I bought 37 c stamps and they charged me 50 c (that must be illegal). The strikers out front have every right to be out there, because the owner of this hotel is living large while this hotel falls apart and he cuts the employee's pay. This is a shame because the hotel had a lot of potential, but someone? let it fall apart while he sits in his mansion in Europe. Don't stay at this hotel!	
Jul 7 2004	Checked in and quickly checked out of the hotel.	The Congress Hotel looked ok from the photos online. Right away we were &quot;greeted&quot; by yelling strikers at the front entrance. They would not leave us alone. We checked in and the staff was ok. We walked down the dark hallways to our room and was immediately disappointed. Every single window had a concrete beam going across it so there was no view. The beds were all double size and lumpy ( we requested a King). There were giant stains on the carpet and an old tv on a cheap tv stand. (that had poor reception). It looked like garage sale furniture and was dim and depressing. I felt like I was in 1970 with dated lamps and old color schemes. I wouldn't be able to sleep in those old beds. I'd be afraid to take my clothes off. The bathrooms needed to be remodeled. The tiles were cracked and tub was stained and the fixtures were all old and in need of replacing. We called downstairs to tell them there must be a mix up, we requested a King Size bed in one room and two double beds in the other room. The receptionist was rude to my husband and argued with him that he had a king size bed. &quot;No it is a double bed, they are all double beds I am looking at!&quot; She was not going to help us switch rooms so we decided to check out. The elevator was dangerous since it didn't stay open if you put your arm out. It closed on us and took our kids downstairs without us. We caught up with them and they were crying. It took about 1/2 hour to check out of the hotel. We had to argue to get our rental car back. The parking guy wanted to charge us 38.00 even though we were just there 1/2 hour and were not staying. It was a negative experience. I am happy with a clean room at Motel 6. I am not a picky person. But this hotel was a dump. The price at Congress was 160.00 a night. We ended up going to the Sheraton for 140.00 a night and enjoyed the indoor pool and the good location.  The congress hotel could be redecorated and changed around with more helpful staff. The lobby was pretty. I just didn't feel safe in the dark hallways or leaving my luggage in the rooms. It is a great location near the park. It just needs someone to invest a lot of money and gutt the place. Until then I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.	
Jun 28 2004 	Avoid this hotel!	I would recommend avoiding this property. While it was obviously a once grand hotel it has fallen into complete disrepair. The room was dirty, the carpet had actually ripped away from the walls, was heavily stained and wrinkled, the paint was falling off the ceiling in large pieces, the toilet ran all night and there was no water to take a shower in the morning. After 45 minute wait for the engineer that was promised to fix the water problem I gave up and left. As if this was not enough I found out AFTER I arrived that I had to cross a picket line to enter the hotel.All this and I was charged $149 - STAY AWAY.	
Jun 23 2004	Charming and Classic	Despite the fact that there were rowdy (and rude!) ex-employees picketing out front while I was there (5/7-5/10), my experience with this hotel was one of the best I've ever had...and I travel quite a bit. The staff was so extremely accomodating and friendly---not that fake 'give me a tip' friendly, but genuinely caring; they joked with us on numerous occasions as well attending to our every need, regardless of how crazy we were (the hair dye we accidentally left on the first night's towels was kindly and gently waved off, and we were given nice bright white towels with a smile and assurances that it was no bother or problem). The building itself is an architectural gem. It shows its age, but gracefully so...like an old Hollywood starlet maintaining her beauty outside the limelight. Lots of great things to wander around and see inside the hotel, like the Al Capone suite and the pretty ballrooms on the 2nd and 3rd floors. I could easily imagine myself there decades earlier, enjoying the place in its splendor. The lobby itself is absolutely brilliant, and very comfortable to relax in.I will say, though, that if you're used to staying at posh hotels, or at least ones that are loaded with all the current and up-to-date amenities, you probably will be disappointed with the Congress. It doesn't seem like the kind of place you'd stay at for a business trip. But if you're like me and prefer visiting hotels that are more interesting, regardless of their modernity, this place is for you. The walls exude culture and history. Plus it's in a great location overlooking the park.And to add my comment on the whole 'bad rep' stuff being propogated by the picketers... I don't know what those peoples' gripes are in particular as that's their business, but as for the condition of the hotel--- NONE of the photos I saw that were being spread around by the picketers looked anything like what I saw in the Congress. My room had huge, lovely windows, a nice-sized bed that was clean and smelled fresh, and a sparkling bathroom that was well-stocked with nice soaps and shampoos. There was no yellow-colored water or stains on the ceilings or broken/dirty anything. The hotel shows its age, certainly, but it's more a historic monument than just a plain old place to lay your head. Don't be scared off by the propaganda those people are spreading. The Congress Plaza is a wonderful experience at a wonderful price. 	
Jun 14 2004	I have three words for you...pick another hotel!	Okay...the price was right and the fact that this was the only hotel with a room available during a very busy convention/conference week made it the perfect hotel at first. However, if you value things like showering, room service delivered to your room in under 90 minutes, and easy access to a iron and ironing board, choose another hotel. I stayed at the Congress Plaza for 3 nights at the beginning of June, and had a very poor experience. I had either very cold water or very, very hot water in my room and even though the manager assured me it would be fixed, it was not. The hotel itself has seen better days and the down-at-heel atmosphere was really depressing!	
Jun 8 2004	Old Hotel That Has Seen Better Days	Just stayed here for four days. The price was right (less than 90 a night), but that's about it. This hotel probably was great many, many years ago. But, its seen better days.The room was old and not very clean. There were holes in the ceiling that looked like something had been torn from there. The sheets had holes in them. The water in the shower alternated from scalding hot to freezing cold. The walls were paper thin and there was no working heat.Except for one bell captain, the staff was not friendly and seemed uninterested in being there. I just ignored the strikers - figuring there were no other rooms in Chicago available anyways, so that was my only option.I would classify this as borderline dump. Sure, there are worse places - I just think the hotel promises more than it delivers.It could be a great, historical place if someone would invest in a huge remodel. Allegedly, it was rennovated in 1998, but I don't see where they invested in the money.	
Jun 8 2004	Great place for the money 	We stayed here June 4-6th, while it wasn't the classiest hotel I have ever stayed in, it was the friendliest!! The staff was very nice and accomodating. Our room was fine, great view of grant park and lake. The location was great, 2 blocks from restaurants and &quot;El&quot;. Cabs right out front. It was clean and we felt safe staying here. The room wasn't fancy but we also were only in the room to sleep and shower. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a cheap room rate while planning to explore Chicago. If you are looking for amenties beyond sleeping and showering, stay somewhere else. And don't mind the people on strike as they were rarely up walking around, mostly sitting down outside the hotel to the right.. use the side entrance if you are annoyed.	
Jun 1 2004	I think people exaggerate	OK, it's not the Hilton, but I have stayed at the Congress Plaza Hotel numerous times and have never encountered a bug, a broken elevator, or a shower or faucet that didn't work. The hotel is over 100 years old, and it does show its age. I have stayed in rooms that didn't smell great (but then no hotel room smells like your own home, especially when you're trying to sleep). I turn up the heat and crack the windows for ventilation. Bottom line, for the price and location, it's a pretty good deal, especially if you book through an online service (I use Expedia and have never had a problem). I will stay at the Congress Plaza next time I'm in Chicago.	
May 15 2004	A wonderful PLace to Stay	I stayed at the Congress Plaza Hotel May 07-10. The hotel is in an ideal location. Just step out of the Michigan Ave doors and you step into A Chicago Postcard! The staff were so incrediblely friendly and responsive. The lobby of the hotel has a wonderfully cozy feel to it, perfect to just sit around and chat with friends.The suite I stayed (400) is larger than my apartment, and the bathroom bigger than my bedroom. I'm not joking. I had a lovely view of Buckingham fountain. The price was unbeatable for the location. The hotel has such Old World Charm. It does need some renovation, but it's clean and kept and on par with the quality of other Old hotels, especially top hotels in Europe. I recommend this to any traveler who wants to experience a piece of Chicago that you won't find in Big Name Chain Hotels. John V.	
May 7 2004	Not luxury but a good place to stay	bad: the carpet downstairs seemed warped like it had just flooded, not sure what that was about. the elevators were really slow. one of the arcade machines took my two quarters.good: the bartender was nice and kept the beer flowing as i awaited check-in. great location. walking distance of the art institute, all of downtown, restaurants, shopping, the El. clean rooms. nice staff. i recommend it!	
May 3 2004	Don't worry stay here and have fun!	We stayed at the Congress from 4/22 – 4/25 and as far as I can tell the many negative remarks here can only be attributed to the fact that there are employees on strike outside the hotel that have INTERNET ACCESS. Sure the hotel is an old beauty that is in need of a few upgrades. Do the rooms need updating? Sure, but if your looking for cheap accommodations in the middle of everything in Downtown Chicago……If your not going to spend your trip locked up in your room, if you need a clean comfortable room, The Congress is the place to stay!I stayed with two friends in a double room. We were in town to visit US Cellular Field to see the Yankees vs the Sox and to visit Wrigley for the Mets vs. Cubs. Most of our trip was spent taking in the sights. Visiting the Sears Tower, Navy Pier, etc. We had dinner at Harry Carey’s. Spent time at the House of Blues and several other clubs. We got in late each night and woke and we’re out by 11 everyday. I mention this not for your enjoyment but just so you can get an idea of the amount of time actually spent in our room. We stayed in room 780. Was the hallway purple? Yes, but it wasn’t a mess. I’ve seen worse paint jobs on the TV show “Trading Spaces”. The beds were newer, clean and comfortable. All our lights worked fine. It was not dark, or dank by any stretch of the imagination. The TV was a little older but in fine working order. The room had no odor at all. There were no bug, no leaks none of the nonsense you read in the other reviews. (could they have been written by striking hotel employees???) The bathroom was updated, recently tiled and very clean. It did take a few minutes for our hot water to get to the room (a hint, the knob was actually backward and the blue was where the water was hottest) but after the initial wait of a few minutes for the water to warm there was never a problem again. There were a few dark spots in the carpet like a juice or wine stain. If you can get past that your on your way to saving some cash by staying here!During our stay the entire staff was very courteous, helpful and friendly. I highly recommend the hotel bar! The bartender there was a great guy. Very out going and friendly. He had some great jokes. Free popcorn for all and a few laughs. I would definitely go back just to see him again! The worst part of the stay was our initial dealing with the rude picketers in front of the hotel. They yell at you with bullhorns upon arrival. Big deal, I'm saving a few hundred bucks here! They sat out front eating Dominos pizza daily with their children in tow! HEY people get a clue! There are entry level jobs available at any of the other 500 hotels in town!!! Go find another job, It’s OVER Johnny! (Another tip, after your initial check in use either side entrance and you never have to see a picketer again. You need your room key to enter here after hours) Would I recommend a family with young children to stay here? No, but if you’re in town to vacation, visit, sightsee, or enjoy the night life I highly recommend The Congress!	
May 3 2004	Congress Hotel....Character and Close to attractions	I just stayed May 1 with three friends and we had a great time here. The good of this hotel is it's age and it has much character because of that. The lobby is large and updated....although the rest of the hotel is dated it is still more than sufficient. Al Capone once being here and owning it from what I hear is also a great addition to it's history and character. The room was kept up nicely and no problems with that. The downside of the Hotel is the bar closed early....the desk person wasn't the friendliest....and one elevator was broken. And to note the picket line.....I understand they are doing what they are doing because of a pay cut....BUT IT HAS BEEN SINCE JUNE...ALMOST A YEAR....TIME TO STOP WASTING TIME AND GO GET A JOB....YOU ARE NOT HURTING THEIR BUSINESS!!All in all I think this is a great Hotel and I will be staying here next time. If you are into older hotels with a possible haunting or two...then you want to stay here.	
Apr 26 2004	We had a blast!!!!	We arrived early and couldn't get in our room then. However the doorman was VERY helpful and took our luggage and had the car parked for us. Another bellhop (joseph) overheard us talking about calling to make reservations for dinner that evening. He took us to his desk and made the reservations for us. He was very polite and helpful. The entire staff was very very friendly and helpful. We were taking 5 teen and preteen girls to have a &quot;girls weekend&quot; and show them the big city. They were thrilled as were me and the other two women that went with us. Our rooms was on the 7th floor we had adjoing rooms. They were clean and very satisfactory. The place is very creepy in a fun sort of way. (we went ghost hunting) The place could use some work. But hopefully if they remodel the don't over do it and make it lose it charm. The strikers weren't bad alittle loud when we were leaving but what do you expect when crossing a picket line. We had sooo much fun that we will be coming back and for 99 bucks a room and an awsome view of downtown chicago and grant park who can complain?	
Apr 23 2004	Surreal but cheapish 	I'd agree with the previous descriptions, and it really depends on how much old and &quot;charming&quot; you can handle. I walked into the lobby only to find: businessmen in cowboy hats smoking cigars; elegantly attired men wearing turbans and their striking wives; drunk young couples falling all over the place; a grim cocktail lounge (&quot;How many people have been killed here?&quot; was my first thought); cautious families, etc. You never know who's going to pass you in the hall; the Shining reference is spot on. Still, the staff seems a little out of it and the striking workers are no fun. Nonetheless, there are bargains to be had here, especially on a multi-night stay (important in Chicago with its sky-high room rates). If you like the kitsch factor and can tolerate (or just don't notice) the sleaze factor, go for it. Don't miss the truly demented wedding display near the giftshop.	
Mar 1 2004	The Congress is a good place to stay and its cheap.	My stay at this hotel was a good one. The hotel is very old and has a lot of character. Though walking down the long skinny halls on the 12th floor, I felt like I was in The Shining. Our room was clean and the service was good. Our shower didn't work and it took them a while to get up there and fix it, other then that all was good. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Its right downtown, the staff is friendly, and it has a good view of the Sears Tower and Grant Park.	
Jan 20 2004	Hotel With Charm albeitly Decayed (March 2003 trip)	When we arrived from the airport (O Hara), we walked about ten blocks to get to the hotel. The Congress Hotel is conviently located on Michigan Ave, which is a very long street filled with historic buildings and a beautiful park in front. The location is superb first of all, the metro is nearby, restaurants, however limited, can be found ranging from Thai to deli, to bad Greek diners, and a grocery store is just a ride away on the metro (about 15 minutes). The Chicago Art Institute is located about 12 blocks away, and the beautiful historic core of Chicago can be found on foot or on a bus. The area is safe, for there are no skyscrapers in front of the hotel, just a park and it is very easily reached by walking although I would be weary of visiting the &quot;Loop&quot; at night because the overhead Metro makes it very dark and desolate at night. At first I was horrified at the outdated decor which is a bold red and fit with rusted and tarnished mirrors and glass which was put some time in the 1970's. It reminded me of a &quot;porn theater&quot; that has not aged well, although I'm not a purveyor of smut. I smelt a &quot;musty odor&quot; which is the old rug from the 1960's and thought that the place was a &quot;dump&quot; on first impression. A black bellhop took our luggage without our approval and I had to give him $5 because he would not leave us alone. Upon entering the room, I was mildly entertained by the fact of the peeling paint in the restroom and the old doorknobs and heating vents which had not been replaced since 1915. The restaurant in the hotel is very worn out and serves low turn-around food and I would not recommend eating there because I became sick. There are a few video games and soda machines but other than that, there isnt much to do if you are stuck in the hotel. After a few days, I found the room quite comfortable and although there was no heating, it was freezing outside, I had a big blanket that kept me somewhat warm. The room is spacious and I had a view of Grant Park which really helped out because the rooms in the back have a view of &quot;depression era Chicago, fit with old buildings and water towers on the rooftops&quot;. Do request a room with the view of the Park. The toilet had no problems except one time it nearly overflowed, and there was water leaking from the unglued ceramic bonder. The shower was capable. The hotel itself is rather large and I would not advise a person to wander off because there were at one point, 900 rooms in the historic hotel and it looks dangerous in some dank halls where I had to get some ice because the lightbulbs were burnt out. Other than that, I found it a decent place to stay, although I wouldn't say it was the best maintained hotel in the city.	
Jan 20 2004	For Gracie from Madison Wisconsin	Gracie,This is supposed to be a review of the hotel, not an itinerarry of your whole trip. No one cares where you and your grand daughter went while you were in chicago, or what you thought of the Mc Donalds at Navy Pier. You mention the Hyatt being a nicer Hotel............well when you compare the Hyatt's price to be more that double than The Congress Plaza, I guess that's your difference. Wake-up and read the instructions!	
Dec 29 2003	The Congress has a lot of history and character!!	We stayed on the Congress in December as a Chicago getaway vacation. The Congress is conveniently located near museums and within a walk to the Magnificient Mile. The lobby and bar have a lot of character and is a must see. The Congress is a great old hotel that we also heard was haunted. We didn't notice anything unusual on our stay though. You can see when staying at the hotel that it was considered very elegant and upscale years past, (and really still is). You have to stay at the Congress with the mindset that it is a old hotel with character and elegance. Yes, the rooms have chipped paint but are kept very clean. The rooms also have several doors in each and have the old skeleton key locks on the inside. The hallways have aged and have been painted bold colors. The night we stayed I walked around the lobby area and was nosing around. The security guard stopped me and asked me if I wanted to see the ballroom. He was an extremely nice man that took his time to show us all around the hotel and allowed us to take pictures. He was our personal tour guide. He said that Al Capone used to own the hotel and stayed in room 800. Many other famous people were also at this hotel including Bill Clinton. A movie was also filmed in the ballroom starring Minnie Driver. The security guard also showed us a stairway in the hotel to an underground tunnel to the theatre across the street (now blocked) made by Capone. He made our night even more memorable and we are planning our next Chicago trip in January at the Congress! Where else can you stay to be able to make a review like this?	
Dec 23 2003	Sufficiently nice for me	A friend and I stayed at the Congress Plaza December 17-20, 2003. After reading the previous reviews, I was ready for anything. I happen to like old hotels. I was pleasantly surprised because it really wasn't bad. We had very good service. The lightbulb in the bedside lamp was burned out and someone came to change it in less than 10 minutes. Everyone we dealt with was very pleasant. We didn't deal with a bellhop at all, although we did store our luggage for an hour or so after we checked out, and that was no problem.The room was fairly large. The decor was nothing to write home about, but it was very clean. We were amused that identical pictures hung over both beds. The bathroom had new fixtures and was very clean. However, I did note some peeling paint on the ceiling. There is no fan in the bathroom.We didn't spend a lot of time in the hotel, basically just slept there, as we were attending a conference. We used the southern (side) entrance to the hotel as it led the direction we needed, so didn't go near the picket line except when we first arrived and left, and that was no hassle.I would recommend the Congress Plaza for an economical, well-located place to stay in downtown Chicago.	
Dec 15 2003	Not as bad as some would suggest	I can't say I had any real problems with the Congress Plaza in my two nights there. The picket outside is not at all loud, or any trouble, and the rooms are big enough, comfortable enough, and clean enough. Nothing special, but with all its supposed problems, the Plaza is a lot cheaper than most places in downtown Chicago and is not bad value for your bucks. It's well positioned on South Michigan Avenue, close to the parks and museums, and only a 15/20 minute walk or 5 minute bus ride to the Magnificent Mile - the shops on State Street are only five minutes away as well, and the hotel is two blocks from the subway system. Don't expect a palace and you'll be fine at this hotel.	
Dec 9 2003	Not that bad	We were really scared to stay at this hotel on Dec. 5th with all the reviws but it really wasn't that bad. It's old so it's expected to have some problems. Staff were very nice. Only took 5 minutes to get our car. No big deal crossing the picket line - they shout 'shame on you' band a drum in the morning to get up but we were on the 6th floor and didn't hear them. For the price and a place to sleep you can't beat the deal.	
Nov 15 2003	Somewhat rundown but interesting	I went with my sister and two friends and stayed at the Congress Plaza. The lobby looked nice, but it was certainly more well kept and updated than the rest of the hotel. We got a pleasent surprise when instead of the single room with two double beds, we got a room consisting of a hall, bathroom, and two bedrooms, one with two doubles and one with a king! All without having to pay any exta...There was an overall appearance of &quot;oldness&quot; however, which could be good or bad depending on your preference. The bathroom didn't have a fan or heater, and the rooms were rather dimly lit. The service was good, and the personell were friendly and helpful. We happened to arrive during the middle of a strike, and crossing the picket line became rather stressful because of some aggressive picketters, but we figured they had a legal right to be there, and just went about our business. There was a lot of security around the doors, so we never felt in any real danger...Overall the hotel appears a bit run down, but for the price, we enjoyed our stay anyway.	
Nov 5 2003	Scary reading previous reviews had a so-so stay myself	We stayed here because my traveling companion found this hotel's website and, because we love old hotels, we decided to make reservations here. When we arrived, the night duty valet guy was abrupt and slightly rude. Nice first impression. Then the bellhop comes hopping up to help us with our luggage. He takes us to just before the front desk and says that this is where he stops. So we took our luggage and start to walk over to the desk. The bellhop just stood in our way, obviously waiting for a tip for carrying my one bag 10 steps, while my traveling companion carried everything else. We gave him a $5 and after checking in, he had the nerve to come running back over w/ a luggage cart, ready to help us to our room! We were checking in very late so it's not like he didn't remember that we were the last people he had just helped. I politely but firmly told him we could handle it- though I wish I had accepted his help and slammed the door in his facewhen we got there, if he stood there waiting for another tip. We're college students and young and probably a little naive-looking- especially my guy friend- and I felt the idiot bellhop was trying to take advantage of us. Anyway. We went to our floor and the hallway was great- purple paneled walls- I could see The White Stripes using this is a scene in a music video. I thought that was very neat. The ceilings were very high, lots of spots on walls/doors needed repainting/repairing, etc. The room was very spartan and shabby, showing it's age, and the bathroom was weird- tub very low rim and shower curtain just berely reaching rim, making for a puddle-y after-shower. The beds were shabby but one thing my friend liked about the place was that I had brought a blanket I always use and the housekeeper, when making up our room, had laid it across the bed as well as propped a stuffed monkey I had on the pillows. He thought that was nice. I really like the oldness of the room- I never saw any bugs so that made a big difference- but the ceiling was very high and it was obviously made during a different era, which I enjoyed a lot. But anyway, the hotel is not worth paying what we did- check out hotwire for best rates or the inter continental for a really luxurious time- don't go here, unless you're willing to risk it. I really think we lucked out because we didn't have as bad a time as most people I've read.	
Oct 2 2003	Great wedding reception	My daughter had a beautiful reception in the gold room with outstanding service and wonderful attention to detail. The food was wonderful, especially the cake. The hotel staff was attentive and considerate in spite of the awful picketers, who should be ashamed of themselves for being unkind to our guests. The lobby was lovely and the bridal suite was overwhelmingly spacious. The hotel may need a face lift, but the staff is great.	
Sep 29 2003	Good bargain great location	At first I was terrified to stay at the Congress Plaza Hotel after reading the reviews on this site, but to my suprise we had a wonderful stay. The Congress Plaza is not the nicest or newest hotel in Chicago and like any other hotel it has it's problems. I have stayed at other hotels in downtown Chicago and found my stay at the Congress to be just as nice if not better because the staff was so friendly. But, if you are looking for a hotel with a great location, history, charm and friendly staff and you don't mind staying in an old hotel you will have a wonderful stay here. Don't let the protesters outside scare you, for the most part they are harmless. It you go with the right mindset it can be an interesting and educational experience. I found it interesting to see the way America really looks. The rooms were old but comfortable and clean. When ever we needed anything the staff was friendly and courteous and went out of their way to help from the doormen, concierge, restauraunt staff, to the bar. If your not a prude and don't mind taking a chance on an old hotel with some charm and are looking for an interesting experience at a good price and a great location then take a chance on the Congress Plaza if not then downtown Chicago has plenty of other hotels to choose from.	
Sep 23 2003	NICE PLACE . . . A HUNDREN YEARS AGO	Worst downtown Chicago stay I've ever had. Actually, worst hotel stay I've ever had. Crossing the picket line complete with bullhorn and drums is probably the best part of my stay. Booked me for the wrong night, charged me $200 to stay and a $50 deposit to use the phone. Then wouldn't let me use it until I argued with 3 different people. Called front desk 3 times over 3 hours to fix my hot water (20 minutes for it to get hot) and my clogged sink (never did fix the sink). Stained carpets and peeling paint abound. Followed the signs thru a maze of dark and dirty hallways to discover they didn't really have vending on my floor- it was a joke. Listened to people yell and beat drums beneath my window till 10:00pm. Looked out the window to a reception of profanity and obsene gestures. Every union worker in the city honked the 30 seconds or so it took them to drive past the picket line. When I checked out they charged me $19 to make 2 (less 1 minute) phone calls and $42 to park my van overnight. And waited 45 minutes to have it delivered to the front door because the phone to the garage wouldn't work. These are the highlights, so much more I haven't mentioned - they absolutely robbed me I should have gone to the police. STAY ANYPLACE ELSE DOWNTOWN OR DRIVE FROM THE SUBBURBS! SERIOUSLY.	
Sep 19 2003	No heater. Dim room.	I personally had no problems with the looks or any strange smells of the hotel and I was sorta-satisfied with the staff. As far as the picketers out front, I felt sympathy for them at first, but that support quickly dissapeared after one of them yelled at me through her bullhorn. I didn't think they'd be going after the guests as well.My room was cold and I thought it was strange there was NO Heater in the room. There was only one lamp to light the whole room so I had to keep the bathroom light on all the time. The water pressure was weak and not very hot.To be fair to the hotel, I did get a good nights sleep, but I won't be coming back again or recommending this hotel to any of my friends I want to keep!	
Sep 18 2003 	Undescribly Horrendous	Upon arrival I had to cross an active strike line with chanting and drum beats. The lobby looked like a 1950's funeral parlor. My first room assignment smelled like a mortuary ( I almost checked for bodies). My 2nd room was even smaller. The carpeting was sticky, the bath tub needed a scrubbing. The bed needed a serious mattress upgrade. One lamp could not be turned off so I had to unscrew the light bulb. All the furniture was chipped and old. I actually stayed 3 nights since there was nothing else available, and the last 2 days I had no hot watter. But, lucky me I had a big black spider, to keep me company. Poor service, poor facilities, would not even consider eating in the restuarant or bar. Stay Away!	
Sep 7 2003	Never Again!	The hotel is terribly run down and in need of major improvements. The picketers were noisy and very aggressive with their bullhorns blaring. I personally saw several small children frigthened out of their wits by the union organizers shouting at them. Wonder why the police allowed it to happen? That aside, the hotel is old, old and old and awful. The parking is another issue. Hotel does not have its own so one must use the private parking next to the hotel. Costs are about $25 per day and must be paid in cash! Wonder what that is all about? There has to be a better place to stay in Chicago that has equal if not better rates.	
Aug 31 2003	It's a Shame!	My wife and I attended a wedding at this hotel last weekend. I was aware of the potential for problems but we decided to chance it since everyone was booked there for the wedding. I knew things were bad when the bride to be was absolutely mortified at the conditions of the room and cried an entire day. The only rooms they showed her when planning the event was the lobby and Gold Room where reception was. These rooms were fine. The problems this hotel has are the rest of the property. The previous posters are not lying. It really is a shame with the great location. Our first room had a water dripping from the ceiling onto the bathroom floor leaving a swampy mess. We moved into a second room that was slightly better. We saw a bunch of the rooms since a large group of us was staying there. THEY ARE ALL BAD! Some of the rooms smelled so bad it made you gag. The carpeting looked like they vacumed but there were stains all over. If you do stay here you probably will have to move arround to find a room that is bearable. I felt so sorry for the parents of the bride. All I could hear was them apoligizing to guests about the state of the rooms. Despite the lousy rooms we had a great time. We were rarely in our room and the Gold Room was nice. This hotel would be acceptable to a bunch of guys coming in to see a ballgame/party. Not acceptable for a family/romantic weekend.	
Aug 27 2003	Seriously! Do not stay here! Beware	On our first trip to Chicago, with our 4-year-old son, we were hugely (to say the least) disappointed by this hotel. We were prepared for &quot;rough around the edges&quot;, but were attracted by the great location, promising views of the city, and terrific price. &quot;Rough around the edges&quot; does not begin to describe this nightmare. Upon arrival, we crossed a picket line of loud and obnoxious striking workers. The lobby looked ornate and the staff were a normal, friendly, and helpful bunch. We were escorted to the 8th floor by the bellman, who brought our luggage. Upon leaving the elevator, I was extremely dismayed to see the run-down, awful looking, deserted hallway. Has anyone stayed here since the turn of the century. Some, not all, doors had a card entry. Ours did. All doors were in desparate need of painting. Wallpaper was peeling, carpet was stained, incredibly. Our room made me physically ill. Our son was so excited to be in a hotel he was jumping around on the beds and immediately wanted to take his shoes off. I refused to let him. It brought tears to my eyes. We were trying to make the best of it. We took our turn in the bathroom, after a long trip, needed to use the faclities. The bathroom was tiny and the toilet would not stop running, nor were we able to manually fix it by removing the lid (a gross procedure to say the least). My husband said don't worry, I'll go talk to the front desk. He came back, brightened, having quickly viewed a different room, saying we were moving. We entered our new room to see an amazing view of Grant Park and Buckingham fountain. This view is sorely wasted on this hotel. It's a shame. It's pitiful. I was trying to cheer up and see the positive, when my husband said, quietly, he didn't like the smell in the room. It smelled like roach spray. Yes, I had noticed too, but maybe it was disinfectant (my glass is half-full). Then, hubby pointed out the bug on the ceiling that worried him, and I, while looking at the beautiful view, saw a creature scurry across the window. Antennae flaring. Unmistakable ROACH! We pulled out our cell phones, our travel books, and immediately begain making arrangements to go elsewhere.The hotel staff were not surprised. The front desk told us the room had just been fumagated and should have been taken off the list. We received a full refund (we'll verify when we receive our credit card bill, though), and even got recommendations from the bellman to stay at the Chicago Hilton (he wasn't a bit surprised when I told him one of our requirements was a bug free hotel)!We stayed at the Swissotel, with an equally beautiful view of the Chicago River and Lake Michigan, including the Ferris Wheel at Navy Pier. This hotel cost us significantly more, but our stay was wonderful, from the get-go. Perfectly nice hotel and staff. Stay at the Swissotel, although, ANYTHING would have been nicer than the Congress Plaza!	
Jul 29 2003	Three words: Don't Do It!	Looking for a great deal in the heart of the Windy City? The Congress Plaza ISN'T it! What you may appear to &quot;save&quot; in $$, you'll more than make up for in frustration and lost time spent trying to find another room in the city.I used an on-line bucket shop to locate the Congress Plaza, billed as &quot;first class&quot;, &quot;tastefully decorated&quot; and &quot;well-appointed&quot; -- impressive-sounding adjectives meant to divert your attention away from the fact that the Congress is an unclean has-been in need of a floor to ceiling renovation.We should have acknowledged the Congress's striking service workers out front as the first sign of trouble.Following check-in, we were directed down a seemingly endless corridor to what appeared to be a service elevator obviously in the &quot;low rent&quot; district of the hotel: the second sign of trouble. We were lifted to a dank, closed-in, smoky-smelling hallway, making our way under flickering fluorescent bulbs, half of which were burnt out. We felt like we were in a B-grade prison movie. The room, while &quot;spacious&quot; (just as advertised! oh, boy!), had peeling wallpaper, stained carpets and upholstery, and a foul smell reminiscent of someone's leftover dinner. The wooden threshold between the bedroom and the bathroom was pocked and splintered, appearing to have been gnawed on by a large farm animal or perhaps a previous hotel occupant, crazed to be released from his nightmare!We returned to the front desk (seeking consolation?) and were immediately -- and practically unquestioningly -- presented the key to an &quot;upgrade&quot;: the third sign of trouble. These folks are obviously used to complaints about the quality of their establishment and are well versed in the contingency drill.THIS time, we were directed to a very ornate-looking, Art Deco elevator in the main lobby. We were deposited into a relatively (by comparison) clean hallway with a marble staircase and I though, &quot;Okay -- things are starting to look up!&quot; Granted, this wing had no doubt also seen it's better days, but at least appeared to be maintaining minimum standards. With much anticipation, we slid the key card into the door, swung it wide expectantly, and with great anticipation... found that the maid obviously hadn't paid a visit in days! (Oh, that's right -- she's outside on the picket line! Silly me....) The windows were open, tattered plastic blackout blinds flapping in the hot, July breeze; dirty glasses remained on the bedside tables; rumpled comforters were piled atop the bed. No doubt my favorite part, though, was the wet towels and washcloths strewn about the molding bathroom. The dripping water in the tub &lt;plunk! plunk! plunk!&gt; punctuated the pathetic scene so perfectly. Hey, look at me with my &quot;free&quot; room upgrade! Gosh, I feel so lucky!We returned to the front desk (again!) to explain that we'd be checking out. The young lady asked why but didn't seem the slightest bit surprised and even appeared to be wearing an expression of apology -- going so far to suggest HERSELF that we contact the booking agent to request a refund. Even SHE knew there's no excuse for a place like this.We looked at some of the well-heeled folks, coming into town for a Broadway show or shopping spree, walking up to the registration desk and we thought, &quot;Wow. You sure don't know what YOU'RE walking into, do you?&quot; At $130 a night, the Congress Plaza SEEMED to be a bargain. Before you make the mistake of reserving a room here, however, consider the &quot;price&quot; of the room in more than just dollars and cents.	
Jul 28 2003	Horrible piece of crap!!!!!!!!	Well where do I start? First the strikers outside of the hotel kept yelling about cock roaches eating people in their sleep. The carpet in the entire hotel was stained and nasty. The hall was painted purple. Our room was ok except for the old school television. I stood for 10 minutes trying to get ice out of the ice machine before going to another floor where I couldn't find the ice machine. When we told house keeping they told us to go to another floor until we found a working ice machine. While doing this we passed by the maid's closet with all of the hotel towels and sheets....this is probably where all of the cock roaches live....disgusting to say the least. The only good thing this hotel has is a convenient location! Other than that it needs to be bombed and Hilton needs to rebuild!	
Jul 27 2003	From Madison WI: I feel this hotel needs a facelift and better communication and security regarding the parking situation	This hotel has a great location and could benefit from a facelift if it wants to be able to compete with other hotels in the area. The main floor was nice, but as we went to our room (with a police escort, I suppose because the hotel staff were picketing in front of the hotel), the hallways were dreary and smelled &quot;old.&quot; The rooms were decent but not at all luxurious, stains on the cloth chairs in the room, paint chipping away on the ceiling around the sprinkler system. I was surprised that we were able to open the windows and that there was nothing to keep someone from throwing things out the windows onto the street below (or even falling out of the windows if they were intoxicated and fooling around.) My granddaughter noticed there were cigarette butts on the ledge outside the window. We did sleep well though.We received wrong information from a hotel staff person about the cost of getting into Shedd Aquarium. We were told $6 for general admission. When we got there it was $17 for general admission. I had called the hotel to find out about the parking situation prior to coming. I'm not sure if it was a misunderstanding on my part or if we were again given incorrect information. I understood that there was a parking fee of $23 for a 24-hour stay. We checked in at 5:00 p.m. and checked out of the garage about 3:30 p.m. the following day. When I went to pay for the parking I was told I would have had to check out by 2:00 p.m. for the $23 charge, that there was an additional $11 charge because I picked up my car after 2:00 p.m. Then, I was not able to pay for the parking with a check, nor would they take a check card. I had to use the ATM machine, for an additional $2 charge to pay for parking my car. So, it cost me a total of $36 to park my car for one day. Additionally, I was told that the charge for parking was $23 for self-parking and $28 for valet parking. I opted for the $23 charge for self parking, but when I pulled into the parking area was told that they would park my car. I told the parking attendant I was self-parking, that I didn't want valet parking. He said they parked all the cars. I talked to the front desk about this when I went in to register for my room. They explained that valet parking was when you pulled up in the front of the hotel and unloaded your luggage and someone took it from the front of the hotel around the corner and parked it in the parking lot. That self-parking was when you pulled into the parking lot and left it for someone to park and carried your luggage in. We had to make two trips to get our luggage in. On the second trip, we had to climb a dingy cement stairwell up two flights of stairs, and carry our luggage back down. When we loaded our car in the morning, they were reluctant to bring our car down for us to load it so we carried our luggage up the cement stairwell again and found that our car was left unlocked with the key in the ignition (I imagine for the convenience of the parking staff) When we finished checking out of the hotel and had loaded all our things into our car, we took the 2nd key with us and locked our car. We had a little purple &quot;back-pack&quot; styled coin pouch that we had several dollars worth of coins in for the Illinois tollroad going home that we had left in the car. When we went to reach for it to find change for the Illinois tollroad on the way home, it was gone. It's an assumption, but it would seem that it was lost?/stolen? while our car was in the supposed care of the hotel staff.In addition, I had to make a local call when I arrived at the hotel and decided to use my calling card to avoid an additional charge on my hotel bill. I was surprised to find out that I had been charged an additional $1.05 for making the local call, even though I used my own calling card to make the call. We are not experienced travelers to the big city, but I chalk this up to a &quot;learning experience.&quot;My 5 year-old granddaughter did like the hotel room and waking up to people &quot;singing&quot; in the morning. The &quot;singing&quot; was the picketers, at around 5:30 a.m. as they started their &quot;picketing chant.&quot; I don't know if this hotel is significantly cheaper than other hotels in the area, but if it isn't, it should be. We did have occasion to walk into the Hilton Hotel down the street on Michigan Ave. and there was a dramatic difference in the appearance of the inside of the hotel--The Hilton was very upscale, while I would rate the Congress Plaza as an almost &quot;has been&quot; hotel that is showing wear and tear and is ragged around the edges. While it was adequate, really all we did was sleep there, I am usually looking forward to a bit of luxury when I check into a hotel room--something different from everyday life, as part of the &quot;holiday&quot; experience. I think if I come to Chicago again for a visit I would want to stay somewhere else, again, unless there was a big price break for the difference in quality from other hotels. I would acknowledge that we were in Chicago for the events and sights going on in Chicago that weekend not the amenities of the hotel, a graduation ceremony at Sympony Hall and sightseeing during the day, along with the extra bonus of being able to see Shania Twain practicing on Saturday for her performance on Sunday, July 27, 2003. Overall, we had a great visit in Chicago and loved walking along Lake Shore Drive, the Buckingham fountain at night along with a picnic at 10:00 p.m. on the grass around the fountain, dining at the new out-door restaurant, The Greens on Monroe Street off Lake Shore Drive, Navy Pier--the boat ride, ferris wheel. We went into McDonalds at Navy Pier, to use the bathroom; it said as you entered that &quot;this is the McDonald's of the future&quot;--it felt like we were in hell when we got inside and we had to fight our way across the restaurant only to find a long line for the restrooms which we didn't use, and then had to fight our way back through the crowd in the restaurant to get back out. There was a very &quot;eerie/negative&quot; atmosphere about the place and I could literally not wait to get away from there. Even my 5 year old granddaughter who normally likes McDonald's thought it was &quot;creepy&quot; in there. Gracie from Madison, WI	
Jul 26 2003	GREAT LOCATION	The Congress is a little old, needs some remodeling BUT the LOCATION AND VIEW OF LAKE MICHIGAN, BUCKINGHAM FOUNTAIN AND GRANT PARK can't be beat! Located across the street from the above, we stayed for 2 nights. We were able to see the fireworks at Navy Pier from our room. A clean but old hotel. If wallpaper peeling a little from your room wall doesn't bother you -this is the place to go!	
Jul 25 2003	Made the Travelodge look like the Hilton	 An absolute nightmare. The worst hotel I've ever stayed in. My room smelled of smoke (and it was a non-smoking room). There was debris from a previous guest. I checked out early the next morning and got a room in Travelodge on W. Harrison. (only the Congress could make a Travelodge look so nice in comparison).To their credit, the staff was understanding and friendly; they let me out of my reservation without penalty. (this seems to be a policy). They seem to understand what a dump the hotel has become.The striking workers out front were courteous, but aggressive. Even if the room hadn't been so bad, I would have left in support of their strike. I arrived too late in the evening to find another hotel. 	
Jul 24 2003	What a Dump	We stayed here because my sister in law had her wedding reception there. It was the most terrrible experience I ever had. First, they lost our reservation, but they did have another room. ( That was after 30 minutes of waiting) THen the reception was the the most weirdly arranged thing I had ever seen. The food was horrible! Actually was looking foward to going back to the room until I got there. Dirty Yucky etc. Spend your money at the Hilton	
Jul 14 2003	Stay Away!	We stayed at this hotel and were shocked at the condition of the hotel. The hotel is antiquated, rooms lack basic anmenities, service is inadequate and rude. If I received a free trip to Chicago and it involved a stay at the Congress Plaza hotel.. I would not go!	
Jul 1 2003	Never #%$*@^% Again	I was in Chicago for a convention and stayed at the Congress Plaza Hotel. We have stayed at this same hotel in the past because it is reasonable. It has never been the most comfortable however. This time was the last time we will stay there. I booked 15 rooms and not one person had anything good to say. Service was horrible. After a long day working the trade show we came back to still uncleaned rooms. Many had no clean towels in their rooms. We have decided that we will never stay at this hotel again. The Hilton just about a block away is looking pretty good!!!	
Jun 30 2003	never again	worst hotel i've ever been to. it's run down and dirty. personel were very rude and slow. priced way to high rooms can't even compare to a cheap mom and pop motel in the country somewhere! valet was also great! for 28.00 dollars our car was parked outside the windows so fogged up we couldn't see out of them until we wiped them off, which wasn't fast enough so we could get away from the hotel of horror!	
Jun 17 2003	Favorite place	We stay at the congress at least once a year with our family. If you have a group that will share a room, ask for the two room suites. Same price and you get 3 full size beds, but one bath. If you are with a family, its a good deal. The location is also good for State street shopping a $5 for a cab ride to the Magnificent Mile shopping area. Its also only 3 or 4 blocks to the subway station to got to ballgames.	
Jun 12 2003	Lovely hotel	We just recently stayed at the Congress during the Chicago Blues Festival. And I couldnt have had a nicer stay or better location! I found every employee that I had any contact with helpful and friendly. The woman at the front desk was very helpful and went out of her way to assist me. Also found the morning staff in the cafe overly attentive and accommodating. The door man was also friendly, approachable and after the first day remembered us and greeted us warmly. Although I didn't get a room with a view, I found the room spacious, clean, with very comfortable beds and the marble bathroom beautiful !! We plan on attending the festival again next year and will definitely be looking to stay at the Congress again!!	
Jun 4 2003	What the 	I arrived from the airport at about 9pm. I was tired and all I wanted was a bed. The first thing that I noticed was how rude the front desk was. She acted like she had better things to do than be helpful! My room was ok. It was clean, and I had a beautiful view of grant park, Buckinham fountain, and the lake. I highly recommend the 14th floor! The staff in the restaurant seemed snoody. You had to act like a rich yuppee in order to get decent service. You couldn't rent any movies! I got a pizza delivered and the delivery guy wasn't even aloud to come to my room. I had to go down 14 floors and pick up my pizza. I would have to say that leaving was my best experience.	
Mar 24 2003	Wonderful stay	We were really worried about staying here after reading reviews on the hotel from this website - but nead not have feard. We had a fantastic time and were impressed with the hotel. Yes its a little tired around the edges but I've seen top hotels rate lower in estimations that this one. Its clean and well serviced, the staff are friendly and always willing to help if you need something. The room was large with a fantastic view of Lake Mitchigan and the hotel is within easy reach of everywhere we wanted to be. We'll definetly be going back again.	
Mar 19 2003	comfortable clean convenient	March 2003. I was nearly scared off by the other reviews, but I found my room clean and cozy and with a fantastic view of the lakefront. Yes, there are signs of wear, particular in the halls. But we saved $100 staying here and spent it on a nice Greek dinner. I don't know about you, but I go to Chicago to inspect the sights, not my hotel room. If you want a decent room, come here. Opa.	
Jan 9 2003	Depressing.		
Nov 4 2002	Creepy creepy creepy		
Oct 5 2002	made our stay in Chicago wonderful.		
Sep 20 2002	Bates Hotel revisited		
Aug 15 2002	old glory		
Aug 14 2002	Wonderful View		
Aug 10 2002	Worse than any Motel I've ever stayed at...		
Jul 31 2002	Not recommended		
Jun 14 2002	Do Not Stay Here		
May 23 2002	Struggling		
Oct 24 2008 	Che delusione il Congress Plaza Hotel !		
Sep 11 2008 	Super Preis Leistungs-Verhältnis 		
Apr 4 2008 	Hôtel historique (Al Capone) n'ayant pas évolué depuis les années 30 !!		
