	Wonderful	I had a sore throat and the hotel brought to my room a carafe and a microwave to make tea. WONDEFUL.	
Nov 23 2009 	a perfectly located small hotel with good size rooms well appointed and a superior concierge named stephanie	talbott has everything one could want: clean, bright large room and a location about two minutes walk from michigan avenue; EVERY staff member was smiling, attentive and knowledgeable but stephanie the concierge started helping with the planning a few months before our arrival and never stopped being helpful (this trip was to celebrate my wife's 70th birthday). Stephanie arranged symphony tickets, jazz club entree, restaurant reservations, and provided information about the art institute, walking tours, etc.	
Nov 22 2009 	Comfy Home Base Near Shopping	We stayed at the Talbott for two nights in November 2009. It was a great home base for exploring downtown Chicago, just a block from the shops on Michigan Avenue and a short cab ride to the Art Institute and Navy Pier.Our room was on the smallish side but comfortable and clean. My only complaint was the bed linens, which consisted of a duvet and decorative throw (no top sheet). I prefer a bit more weight/substance, and even at 5'4&quot; I had to choose whether to cover my shoulders or my feet.One tip: Skip the continental breakfast. It's a European-style spread and features only yogurt, bread, cereal, sliced meats and sliced cheeses.	
Nov 20 2009 	The Talbott was great!	We chose the Talbott for a family weekend in Chicago and it was perfect. The location was wonderful, just a block and a half from Michigan Ave., very close to shopping and restaurants. The staff were very friendly and helpful with suggestions and reservations. The rooms were very large and well-appointed. We shopped at nearby Sur la Table, Urban Outfitters, Anthropologie, Bloomingdale's,and Water Tower Place. We had fun and good family dinners at the Big Bowl and Cheesecake Factory.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great Suite in Best Location	We have 2 young children so we stayed in a king one bedroom suite with adjoining standard room. This gave us two seperate bedrooms and a living room w/desk. Loved the rooms. Big, very nice furniture, great TV's, and very clean. Across the street is Starbucks. Grocery with good deli &amp; wine just around the corner and Walgreens 1 block north. Try Bar Luxe for breakfast. Food is great, it's two blocks north, and no wait. We are in Chicago every couple months. We've stayed at Embassy Suites (simple, rooms too small), Four Seasons (nice but no nicer than the Talbott for 1/2 the price), Hotel Monaco (also very nice). In the future, we'll be spending most visits at The Talbott.	
Nov 15 2009 	Comfort and Location	Stayed for 5 nights in October to celebrate my husbands 50th birthday. Doormen and bell boys were excellent. Front desk staff a little aloof but professional. Room was very comfortable and immaculately kept by housekeeping. Agreed with other travelers comments about breakfast - why bother when it does nothing to enhance the stay and the &quot;elevator&quot; music in the cramped and badly lit breakfast room at 8am is just too much!! Just two little niggles - got a better rate 3 weeks before arrival than I did when I had booked 4 months prior. In addition they paid no attention to the comment that we were celebrating a special occasion. Some little extra touches would have steered me towards excellent rather than very good.	
Nov 13 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	My family and I stayed at the Talbott from 8/10/09-8/16/09, Room 510. The entire stay was great. We had a double queen room which was huge. I was concerned about room size since there was four of us in the room, but no problem what so ever. The staff was attentive and helpful. The location was great (you must go across the street for cupcakes at More - even better, just stand outside the place at night and smell the cupcakes baking). I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 10 2009 	Wonderful experience	We first want to congratulate and thank their concierge staff. Before we even got there, Stephanie was a huge help. She treated us like gold and read our needs correctly. Very nice person. Gene also was helpful while we were there. The check in was terrific and the guy was very friendly and he upgraded us without us knowing. Did not realize it until we were in the room. The bellmen during check in and during our trip were very friendly and helpful. The Room was great. Well cleaned but when we had used some coffee mugs and glasses it took them a while to replace. There is a restuarant on premise called Bice Bistro. We got back from our restaurant on Saturday night at about eleven and the bar was closed. We were told Talbot was not a destination place. Seems like if they marketed that more, it would be another revenue stream, especially with all the new condos and apartments in the area. Now to the wourse part of the Talbot. That breakfast you get when you register on line is not worth it at all. Continetal breakfasts at Holiday Inn Express, Hilton Gardens etc are much better. In fact, if I were the Talbot I wouldn't do it. No fruit, cereal that was for kids, restocking for bowls for cereal, no bagels, just toast. We ate there one of three mornings and that was all we could take.We loved the Frette bedding and towels. Top notch. Aveda products were terrific also. . We loved the location. Kind of a quiet side street. Heard a lot from folks on this message board about construction. Yes it is going on but it is not the Talbot's fault. It isn't that bad anyhow. Their lobby is small but very quaint. Nice fireplaces to sit close to with a cocktail. Finally we had a temperature problem and hair dryer problem with our room and when we called, it was fixed right away.It was a great three days.	
Nov 2 2009 	Bring an alarm clock	My girlfriend and I were there for a weekend at the end of October. The room was clean but you could see it had seen better days. The carpet was kind of....Since it was our first time in Chicago the concierge suggested a restaurant. It was obvious that the restaurant gave a kickback of somekind since we had to present a ticket given to us by the concierge.The biggest drawback for us was that on our last day we asked for a wake-up and never got it. A good think that my spouse woke up otherwise we would have missed our flight. We told this to the receptionist who didn't to care too much about the situation. &quot;Sorry about that I'll talk to the manager&quot;. Also our minibar wasn't restocked and we had to trust the hotel on our consumption since no one was available to check.The situation is nice(very near the Hancock Tower and the Magnificent Mile) and in comparison to the other hotels it appeared human sized.Mike and Nath	
Nov 2 2009 	Had Great stay at the Talbott!	From the moment I arrived, I was treated like an honored guest. Staff is amazingly friendly without being overbearing--every staffperson gives you their name from the doorman to the concierge. They have a nightly turndown service with chocolates on the pillow. This is a historically renovated hotel that still has amazing modern conveniences--electric buttons for stating when you don't want to be disturbed. They also have many eco friendly choices. Plush robes in the rooms, amazing towels. We used the one conference room for our meeting and it was the perfect size for a group of 20 or so. I slept great and cannot wait to go back to this hotel.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great hotel in a great location.	My husband and I recently stayed at the Talbott for 6 nights and thoroughly enjoyed it. Our room was a &quot;Deluxe Parlor King&quot; which the Web site says is 520 sq ft. The room was HUGE, which made it very comfortable for an extended stay. (Our room appeared to be a handicapped accessible room which makes me wonder if it was even a little larger than that type of room would normally be.) The bathroom was very large also, with a separate tub and shower and Aveda products. The towels were nicer than our towels at home. The place was very clean and the staff was friendly and helpful. The hotel was just a couple of blocks from Michigan Avenue so it was close to lots of great shopping, restaurants and sites. The free breakfast was okay if you like to keep it simple in the morning (toast/croissants, yogurt, lunch meats &amp; cheeses, cereal). If you need a little more, there is a great diner nearby (Tempo Cafe), a place across the street and a Starbuck's in the area. Be sure to also hit the fabulous cupcake shop (More) down the street. One thing that we didn't like was the Business Center. This consisted of one computer which you had to pay to use in 15 minute increments and then pay for copies also. It's free to use for printing boarding passes, but I didn't realize that until after I spent $7 to print ours. Next time, I'll just take a laptop. Despite this, we had a wonderful time at this hotel and will stay there next time we visit Chicago.	
Oct 29 2009 	Unbelievable value great location..definitely will stay again	The Talbott Hotel was exactly what we were looking for. The Talbott is located in a wonderful location (except for construction...I'll talk about that later). It is a very short walk to Magnificant Mile, Oak Street, the lake and just a couple of streets away from a Metro Stop. It is also a five minute walk to some great restaurants (Gibson's, etc.). There are plenty of places to eat and grab a cup of coffee (i need my starbucks in the morning and there is one across the street) near the hotel. In addition to the great location is the value. We booked this hotel for well below what most hotels in the area were asking and it surpassed our expectations. The rooms were a decent size and included a flat screen television, comfy beds, turndown service and great toiletries. Most importantly, the hotel was very clean.My only concerns were as follows: 1) The hotel is located next to some high rises that are currently under construction and unfortunately our room faced the construction so we were subject to some construction noises in the morning. Nothing unbearable, but obvious. 2) The bellman and doormen were extremely friendly and willing to assist, but some of the front desk attendants seemed somewhat indifferent. I'm not saying they were rude, just not as eager to assist and friendly as I thought they might be (there were one or two exceptions of course). 3) I initially called the hotel to inquire about the best rate guarantee and it seemed as if no one fully understood it at the reservation desk except the manager who called me back later to explain it. I think everyone taking reservations should have a full understanding of the guarantee and how it works, otherwise don't market it. The Talbott isn't the exception here, it seems many hotels put price guarantees on their websites and then when you call to take them up on it the reservation desk often don't know what the policy is or tell you the wrong policy.Overall, I would stay here again and probably request a room facing the front of the building (away from construction). It is a very cozy hotel in a great location.	
Oct 27 2009 	Very Comfortable Accomodations	We arrived before noon expecting just to leave our bags, but were shown to our room where we were able to relax before heading out. Staff was consistently friendly and solicitous, especially the concierges Tim and Stephanie.	
Oct 25 2009 	Great value hotel in Chicago city center	We stayed 3 nights at the Talbott hotel. And the experience was very positive.Tt was the cheapest hotel in the tripadvisor top 10 for Chicago, yet value was certainly not cheap: nice spacy rooms, huge flat screen TV, large badroom, all very clean. Also you're just a few blocks away from all main streets and from the Hancock tower.A tip when booking: book directly on the website of the Talbott hotel, because then you'll also get free vouchers for breakfast at the hotel - when booking through other internet channels you will not get those vouchers!	
Oct 19 2009 	Wow - great hotel	What a great place. The hotel is around the corner from great shops and attractions like the Sears Tower and about five to ten minutes walk to the beach.I stayed in a suite which was wonderful. The most comfortable sofa I have sat on in years. Huge LCD televisions with cable (High Def). A large bathtub with jacuzzi-type jets that massage you when you're lying in it., and a walk in shower. A large, comfortable bed too.I'm just sorry I only stayed for a night.One thing - I booked a standard room a few weeks in advance at a rate of about $300. When I checked their website again nearer the time, I could get a suite for the same price. It's worth checking the day before you arrive as prices seem to change all the time - you might get lucky like me and get a suite for the normal price of a standard	
Oct 14 2009 	More than I expected even after reading reviews!	My boyfriend and I just stayed at the Talbott this past weekend and LOVED it. The hotel was perfect for the night we wanted to spend in the city before visiting family in the suburbs. The location was wonderful. It is just blocks from Michigan Avenue which made our shopping and eating out plans very easy. The hotel is on a nice street with a good restaurant (Feast) across the way. We had breakfast there. The one thing I will say, as we did not plan to have breakfast anywhere but the hotel, is that the complimentary breakfast you get by booking through the hotel Web site is not great. It featured a few cereals and some stale bread and lunch meat. We were disappointed but did not expect too much given that it was free. The wait staff in the morning seemed annoyed with the complimentary breakfast people. That was surprising because the night before we had drinks in the bar and thought the bartender was great. (FYI - Two seven and sevens and two cosmos cost us around $50 with a generous tip)I room was really nice. It was a great size with a comfortable, large bed and a good size bathroom. The hotel is very eco-friendly which is always a plus. The entire staff was very helpful and made our trip great. When we left we wished we could stay another night. With tax we paid about $180 for the night. If the price is similar in the future this will be our hotel choice for all of our visits.	
Sep 28 2009 	Elegance in the city	We stayed at the Chicago Talbott in August 2009. I almost booked a room at another high profile property, but having read the promising reviews for this place on Trip Advisor, I decided to take a chance on this boutique hotel. The Talbott is certainly an older, renovated property and although the lobby is small, there is an adjoining small restaurant and bar area (with outdoor seating). The continental breakfast was fine considering it was complimentary. The hotel is surrounded by active, ongoing construction, but we hardly noticed it during the weekend. This hotel is situated in the middle of the best bars, shopping and restaurants in the city. We spent very little time in our room but it was quite comfortable even though the furnishings were somewhat dated. In spite of that, what sets this hotel apart from the rest is the high level of refinement and service that is readily apparent when dealing with the hotel employees. Sometimes the personnel that staff these high end properties can be quite snooty to their guests, but the Talbott team was gracious and always helpful. That attribute alone made this hotel a real winner.	
Sep 23 2009 	Extraordinary service at the Talbott a home away from home in Chicago.	We were in Chicago for a long weekend to celebrate a 20th Wedding Anniversary.The Talbott was the perfect choice to meet all of our needs. We stayed in King Suite and were impressed with the size of the room with a separate bedroom, living room area and extra large bathroom with soaking tub, shower and two vanities. Loved all of the windows and natural light that came into the room, we felt like we were at a home away from home. Hotel was very quiet and floors don't have as many rooms as a large chain hotel. Location was excellent for sightseeing and visiting shops along Michigan Ave. Hotel staff was extraordinary and all from valet, bellman, front desk and concierge staff were very nice and made us feel welcome at all times. Equinox fitness center was very nice, even if it is not in the hotel. We were able to use the healthclub to get a good workout. Also need to mention free WIFi internet access. Book online with hotel and recieve complimentary continental breakfast. Only drawback was the hotel has two small elevators for 16 floors but we never had to wait long. The hotel next door was under construction during our visit but we did not hear any noise as we were on the 10th floor of the hotel. Good proximity to Rush Street, Michigan Ave. We would return to the Talbott for our next visit to Chicago.	
Sep 17 2009 	Highly Recommend This Hotel	My wife and I just spent 3 nights at The Talbott. The room was spacious, comfortable and well-appointed. The hotel is quiet although there is some construction nearby. Linens and towels first-class. Free Wi-Fi in the room. The location is terrific, just one block to Michigan Avenue. We will stay here on future visits.	
Sep 1 2009 	Quaint luxury in the heart of what's happening!	I have stayed at the Talbott a number of times, mostly for business and sometimes for pleasure. It is just beautiful, the rooms feel like a luxurious version of home and the staff could not be more pleasant. All that, and you are in walking distance of so much to do in Chicago... the Talbott really has it all!	
Aug 31 2009 	We love the Talbott!	We took a family trip with 28, 18 and 15 year old children to Chicago. I found The Talbott on TripAdvisor and wanted to let everyone know we loved it. Small, European style hotel, with lovely lobby area (lots of woodwork) but most impressive was the staff. Everyone went out of their way to make us feel welcome. The rooms were beautful and spotless. Our only issue was a bartender that didn't seem to enjoy her job...but that was minor. The rest of the staff went above and beyond. I would highly recommend The Talbott for singles, couples or families.	
Aug 28 2009 	My home away from home	I travel to Chicago 4 times a year and never stay anywhere but The Talbott. A smallish european style hotel, with great ambience and a staff that makes me feel like family. From the moment I arrive, I am greeted by name and welcomed &quot;home&quot;. The front desk staff are friendly and efficient. The bell staff always available to perform any task with a smile. The concierge, Stephanie Emrich, is without equal. Restaurant suggestions, theatre tickets, sightseeing ideas, shopping, cultural adventures, any request, however great or small is handled with ease. She has been there, experienced it and can make it happen. Can't wait for my return visit in November! Sheila Bielich, Plano, Texas	
Aug 26 2009 	Wow	Being in the &quot;road warrior&quot; world one of the last thing I wanted to do was to go stay in another hotel for a week end. But this was a special week end, our 3rd wedding aniversery. My Wife sugguested that we stay at the Talboots for this week end. Boy! what an experiance. From the time I dropped off our &quot;special car&quot; giving the door man strict insturctions on how it was to be treated, to the check in desk, the bell man who showed us all the neat tricks of the room, and the list goes on.My Wife had been in contact with Concierge, Stephanie, and the two of them surprised me with dinner reservations for Friday and Saturday evneing, what my Wife did not know was I surprised her with tickets to the Solhiem Cup on Friday. By the time we got to the hotel our thoughts of about dinner had changed and, Stephanie was in true form got our dinner reservations changed to suit our late arrival times, and advised us that at the Friday night dinner time there was a group of 45 people arriving ahead of us and she sugguested to move our dinner time back to avoid the rush. This was a great idea, and I doubt if anyone else would have sugguested to move dinner to later time as to not upset a guest and tell them that there dinner reservation was not available.During this talk with Stephanie, we where talking about some tours we wanted to do on Saturday. When we returned from a wonderfull dinner, Stephanie had taken the time to look into the tours that we wanted to do and advised us of the available times for Saturday. With this information at hand, we where able to plan our Saturday and still have a time to rest before dinner. Again all I can say is WOW.The Talbott's have a new local customer. See you soon.	
Aug 24 2009 	Loved the Talbott	I don't ever take the time to write a review but the Talbott was so nice it deserves another recommendation. Robert and Andrew greeted us as we walked in and made our stay so pleasant. They bent over backwards to make us happy - even as far as making dinner reservations for us. The concierge was a bit condescending but the rest of the staff more than made up for it. The rooms were large and well appointed and very clean. The beds were amazing. The bathroom had thick towels and robes. Will definitely stay there again - got a great deal from 1800 hotels on short notice. The construction next door was a non-issue as we did not hear a thing.	
Aug 23 2009 	Fantastic Find!	My husband, young son and I were visiting family in Milwaukee and decided to take the train to Chicago for a night. I searched the internet at the last minute for a place to stay and came across the Talbott. What a wonderful find! We got to the hotel at 10:30am thinking we would just leave our luggage and go explore till check in, but our room was ready and they kindly let us check in early. We stayed in a deluxe king room, which was very spacious. The room was clean and very well maintained. We couldn't have asked for a better location. Just a few blocks from Michigan Ave. and many stores and restaurants.I hope we get to go back and stay longer next time!	
Aug 22 2009 	Perfect Location and room	This hotel was recommended to us and it lived up to expectations. It is ideally situated in walking distance of many of the sites and is minutes walk from Michigan Ave.The hotel provided brekfast free of charge (we booked online to get this) and the room was spacious and newly decorated. Large plasms TV, free WIFI etc.Even though there is building work next door there was no noise or dust and we sat outside the hotel everyday for breakfast and occasionally for an afternoon drink.The staff are friendly and importantly the hotel is a lot cheaper than the four seasons and other well known hotels just down the road.	
Aug 22 2009 	The Talbott is perfectly located appointed and staffed for a great experience.	I chose the Talbott Hotel because of reviews on Trip Advisor and thought I should contribute to those accolades. Unlike the large more impersonal hotels The Talbott has all the amenities of those luxury hotels. This boutique hotel's concierge service is impeccable, and all staff are friendly. It is located only two blocks from Michigan Avenue and the John Hancock Centre - close to all the major stores and tourist attractions. You won't make a mistake booking your stay here - ideal for business or romantic travel.	
Aug 21 2009 	Talbott Hotel is the best hotel in Chicago with it's intimate size and elegant decor great location personable staff!	My favorite place to stay in town. Talbott Hotel epitomizes classic Chicago!	
Aug 20 2009 	A hidden gem	My husband and I recently stayed one night at the Talbott. Our stay started out great when we were given a free upgrade to a one bedroom suite. It was fabulous! The living room was large with a couch, two comfy chairs, a flat screen tv and a full-size desk. The bathroom was also quite large with 2 sinks. What a treat to not have to share! We booked on-line, so we received a complimentary continental breakfast. The free breakfast is very limited: juice, cereal, yogurt, cold cuts and muffins. We were able to upgrade to a better breakfast for $5. However, we would not have known about this if we hadn't been eavesdropping on other diners. (Our waiter was not very helpful.) The $5 breakfast was 2 eggs, sausage or bacon and potatoes. This was quite a bargain and it arrived piping hot! Always a plus in my book. The Talbott is in a great location. It is only a few blocks from Michigan Avenue, very close to the Hancock Building and Water Tower Place. Despite all the construction being done outside the hotel, we did not hear any noise. (We were there Friday/Saturday.) I am not sure if the noise would have been worse during the week. Another plus was the free Wi-Fi. I am still amazed that so many high-end hotels charge for this. I would highly recommend the Talbott Hotel!	
Aug 20 2009 	Excellent service and stay!!	Our family, including two teen girls, stayed at The Talbott for one week recently. We had a one bedroom suite with adjoining king bedroom (two bedroom suite, actually) and found the rooms to be impeccably clean and comfortable. The decor was beautiful and it was a nice retreat after hours of shopping and sightseeing. The Talbott is a very short walk off Michigan Avenue located between State and Rush so we were never far from restaurants, clubs, bars, and, of course, SHOPPING! My husband and I walked along Rush and enjoyed the nightlife during our &quot;dates&quot;. The staff at The Talbott were very friendly and helpful. The bellmen and concierge always had a smile and a &quot;can we help you?&quot; attitude. We make an annual trip to the Windy city from South Florida and will definitely consider staying at The Talbott again!!	
Aug 13 2009 	Impeccable Service 	This was our first stay at Talbot Hotel. We had stayed at several other 4 and 5 star hotels in the city over the years. The Talbot was a pleasant surprise! We had an impeccable room/suite -so clean, roomy, up to date and relaxing!The help was ever so kind-we didn't confront any employee that didn't go out of there way to be friendly, helpful and comforting to each of us. We will definetely return to the Talbot over other over priced 4 and 5 star hotels in Chicago.	
Aug 6 2009 	update review	Since I wrote my previous review about Talbott hotel, I decided to update it because the hotel had dealt with those issues and they all have been sorted out.After I reported my complaints to the duty manager, the restaurant staffs were completely changed on the second day when I had my breakfast. They were asking everybody whether they hold a breakfast voucher. Their attitudes were also changed in positive way. They became very friendly and helpfull.The bellman has also changed after I put my complaint through. He was smiling and trying his best to make everybody satisfied. The sale manager Patrick did contact me personally and assured me that they will take all the action to prevent same type of problems from hapenning in the future. I found it very professionalMy complaint and feedback were crucial and necessary to change the staff and service in a positive way.Since I have seen that they have changed I can now recommend this hotel to the people I know now that they take the feedback seriously and things could change in nice way straightaway.You should not be worrying if you had any trouble at this hotel, I am sure they will deal with it and make u satisfy in any way they can	
Aug 4 2009 	Comfortable stay in downtown Chicago	My wife and I stayed at the Talbot Hotel downtown Chicago and we enjoyed our stay. Room was comfortable as we requested top floor facing away from the construction next door. The construction was not an issue for us but because we were on the top floor we could hear the elevator running I guess because we were on the top floor. If I went back I would request a high floor but not the 16th floor. The staff was absolutely amazing, friendly, helpful and the room was large and comfortable. Free internet always a plus. Comfortable beds, pillows, nice TV, two sinks in the bathroom, good shower and a safe in the room for storing valuables. I left my IPOD out and the cleaning people did not disturb it. No pool. Other trip notes, great take out place to grab food right across the street. Easy access to L train to go to Wrigley or White Sox Cellular field. Room was $179/night special summer rate. We would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 1 2009 	Best of the Boutiques	My wife and I just returned from a week's stay at the Talbott in Chicago. It was truly a great vacation and the Talbott is a cut above the rest.My wife loved the room so much, that for 2 days she just wanted to stay in the room while I had errands during the day. She especially liked the heater on the marble bathroom floors.	
Jul 28 2009 	Terrific location at the Talbott	We stayed 5 nights at the Talbott which was in easy walking distance of the Hancock Tower, Millenium park, Sears Tower etc. Staff were friendly, and helpful. Menu was varied but limited. Numerous Restaurants nearby, avoid Gibsons as very expensive. We had large comfortable Room with walk in wardrobe, well equipped bathroom with his and hers toilet rolls and basins. Not cheap, but central and not as expensive as the Water Tower next door.	
Jul 22 2009 	Elegant and comfortable	As you enter through the scaffolding, you immediately sense an old world elegant feel to the hotel. We had booked a double queen room and were pleasantly surprised by the spacious room. (I think it was twice the size of the room at the nearby W which I will not visit again). The beds were very comfortable and the room decorations were luxurious. I enjoyed the Aveda bathroom products. There were comfortable robes for 2.Booking online got us complimentary buffet breakfast for 2. The buffet was very nice and we sat outside on a beautiful morning. It will be nicer when the construction next door is finished.The concierge was very helpful for dinner and recommended a local hotspot where he booked us a table that same night. That restaurant was packed with a long wait (over an hour), but we weren't that hungry so we waited at the bar. I didn't expect much since we had only just made the reservations. We were pleasantly surprised when not more than 10 minutes had passed and we were seated. the host said that they like the concierge at the Talbott and were accommodating us since we were staying there. Free internet for 24 hours came with the room too. We also took advantage of the passes for the local Equinox. No hotel gym can compare to a full service gym like Equinox. We had great workouts!	
Jul 21 2009 	The best in Chicago	The Talbott must be the best, most convenient and comfortable hotel in Chicago!We had a kingsize room, with a huge bed with enough room for a bunch of people...The hotel style is &quot;European&quot; in an American way, which means dark colours and tartans.Not very stylish, but tres burgeois! The service was mediate, front desk could take advantage of more smiling, and snob down a little... The hotel is extremely well located, just off the Michigan Avenue with all the stylish shops and great reataurant.I would chose this hotel again!	
Jul 20 2009 	WHAT A GREAT STAY	What a fabulous hotel, we'll never stay anyplace else in Chicago! We travel frequently, and the Talbott was such a pleasant surprise. The location is absolutley ideal, just 2 blocks off Michigan and close to everything! We were warmly greeted upon arrival and our room was larger than most and very well appointed, with flat panel TV, very nice bedding and towels and nicely appointed, and free WI-FI. The staff couldn't have been more helpful or friendly, and that speaks for the entire staff. Just a great experience and we'll not stay anywhere else when we return to Chicago!	
Jul 19 2009 	A comfortable and warm stay	My wife and I took a trip to Chicago to celebrate our 30th birthdays and had heard great things about The Talbott, and were able to get a decent rate on a single room suite. Arriving at the hotel we were greeted by the doorman with the biggest smile that never went away during our entire stay. We actually arrived around 9am and they were able to get us into our suite without issue which was a huge plus. They also surprised us with complimentary daily breakfasts because we reserved our room through their site.The hotel its self is bit older but has been well maintained, and still has the warm feeling that you really don’t get from newer more “modern” places. The room was outstanding with a huge living space, what seemed like an even larger bathroom, and a great bedroom. The king bed was one of the best that I have ever slept on; my wife had the same thought. The bathroom which is covered in marble had a separate room for the toilet, a large bathtub, a large glass shower and three sinks. Two of them are together while the other is on the opposite side of the bathroom which is quite nice if there are two people getting ready at the same time.The location is optimal and basically walking distance from everything. Its a few blocks from the Magnificent Mile, few blocks from the Hancock building, and a decent walk to the Navy Pier. The street it’s on gets a bit crowed as they are doing construction next door (which we never heard), but as long as you cross with the lights, you’ll be fine.I definitely recommend giving The Talbott a try if you want a nice warm, almost like home feeling, while still right in the heart of all the action.	
Jul 17 2009 	Wonderful experience.	I'd long heard about how wonderful the Talbott was, and was really looking forward to my visit. It far surpassed my expectations. The service was first-class from the moment we arrived until we checked out, the hotel is quite elegant in a very comfortabe way, and the location couldn't be better. Would go back in a heartbeat!	
Jul 16 2009 	Loved The Talbot!	What a special place!! Not only is the location ideal, but the outstanding service from the Front Desk insured a wonderful stay for us. Both Sarah and Naomi went out of their way to accommodate my requests to be both away from the construction next door and in a spacious room. Our room was FABULOUS and I can not wait to return to our new favorite place to stay in Chicago!	
Jul 7 2009 	Great location great hotel staff and rate	My husband and I traveled with my in-laws. They are in their late 80's we are 51. We were all pleased	
Jun 30 2009 	You should visit this warm elegant comfortable Gold Coast Hotel!	We came to celebrate our 40th Wedding Anniversary and were treated like royalty.  The manager sent a chilled bottle of sparkling wine with a fruit tray within minutes of our arrival.  The suite was spacious, quiet, and elegantly appointed.  The marble bathroom had the thickest, largest towels we've ever seen.  There were closets in every room.  The king sized bed left us relaxed and refreshed.  The staff was eager to make us comfortable from the check in through the time we left and were very helpful answering questions about the neighborhood.  We walked from the hotel to Navy Pier along the lake for a dinner/fireworks cruise, and the next day had brunch at the 95th.  This is a great place to stay to enjoy the beauty of the city.	
Jun 17 2009 	luxurious convenient perfect for a city break	The reviews were accurate. I arrieved a little early so it took a while to get a room but for the inconvenience, I was upgraded to a one bedroom suite. If I wanted to live in downtown Chicago, I would love for my place to be the hotel suite I was in. it was perfect. Huge beautiful bathroom and separate bedroom. I only wished I stayed there for more than one night. The location is excellent. a block from Michigan avenue and close to lots of shopping, dining and nightlife but also very safe neighborhood. Most of the staff was extremely pleasant from the doormen to the bellman to the front desk. I really enjoyed my stay here. Also, very comfortable bed.	
Jun 16 2009 	Excellent small hotel.	My wife and I spent four nights at the Talbott in early June. This first stay at this hotel was everything we wanted for a getaway to the city. Our king room was spacious, quiet, and very comfortable. The bath towels were especially nice.The hotel staff was friendly and helpful, yet relaxed. We received excellent service from everyone who helped us. We enjoyed a nice breakfast in the restaurant on two mornings.	
Jun 16 2009 	Exceptional!	The Talbott provided an exceptional experience while I stayed in Chicago last March. The size of the room was more than comfortable, I was taken a back by how large a room it was given we were in such a large inner city location. The staff was more than accommodating on every request. The interior pulled you in like a cozy bed and breakfast in the country with warm tones and fireplaces, you forgot you were just steps away from all the excitement of the city. If your looking for that special experience, do yourself a favor and book a room at the Talbott!	
Jun 16 2009 	Best Hotel in Chicago	Beautiful large guestrooms and suites, excellent service, to-die-for linens...overall one of the best hotel experiences for a group of seasoned travelers.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great Luxury Boutique Hotel Close To Everything	I stayed at The Talbott for 3 nights on business and was very pleased. The staff was friendly as can be immediately confirming the lore of the midwest. I was upgraded to a suite which was bigger than my apartment and certainly more luxurious. The free wi-fi came in handy as I needed to work remotely while there. Everything from the comfort of the bed to the staff and location made this a great stay. Oh, and I got to workout at the huge Equinox right next door for free.	
Jun 3 2009 	excellent	We come to Chicago once a year for a romantic get away. The Talbott is our favorite hotel so far. You get the same amenities as &quot;bigger names&quot;, but with a price that is very reasonable and a cozier atmosphere. Location is great, staff helpful and friendly. I personally love a smaller hotel that is quaint and high quality. Highly recommend for those looking for the same.	
May 28 2009 	Great hotel would recommend to all my friends 	My husband &amp; I travel from Ft Laud to Chi-town once a year and this is our 2nd year staying at the Talbott and look forward to coming back next year. Great location close to Michigan Ave &amp; Rush St, and daily passes to the Equinox gym in the Bloomingdales building. We always excercise when traveling therefore a gym is important to us. Hugos Frog Bar on Rush St was a great place for seafood, we even ran into the general mgr for the Chicago Bears. You won't be disappointed staying at The Talbott!	
May 14 2009 	No complaints	I don't think I could even think of something to complain about.. Food was excellent, the rooms were clean and beautiful, and the location was great. The service was exceptional, friendly, and helpful beyond expectations helping us with directions around the city, transportation, and anything else we needed.. The only thing that was kind of an eyesore more than anything was the construction on the building next door to the hotel, though we couldn't hear or see it from our room, and there was construction all over the city while we were there. I would highly recommend this hotel and would definetly stay again.	
May 6 2009 	Luxury Boutique	Very quaint and romantic, yet masculine. I've noticed that at most Chicago hotel bars it's hard to get a drink much less a seat but I guess because it's a small hotel that was not a problem at the Talbott - plus people take their drinks out to the seating in the lobby because it's so inviting - cozy and comfortable - love that! Would love to stay again but I must say that I was surprised by all the comments on the comfortable beds - ours was too firm. Also note there is no gym on the premises - but walking and shopping is enough of a workout!	
May 5 2009 	Fantastic Location	This Hotel is beautiful, incredible large bedrooms and staff are amazing. Located just a stroll from Michigan avenue, you have the beach, shops and bars on your door step. Will definitly return.	
Apr 26 2009 	Check the door locks!!!!	There are plenty of great things to say about the Talbott: it's location is brilliant for shopping, restaurants, bars and just about everything the great city of Chicago has to offer. The hotel is beautiful, the lobby is elegant and the rooms are tastefully decorated. We managed to get a great offer via the internet and we chose a corner executive room. However, we did get the 'internet' room which had construction right outside the window! The first downside to this beautiful place is that the cleaners left our room door unlocked when they were finished cleaning. We were certainly surprised when we tried to put the key in and the door swung open. The other downside is that the room service is minimal. We ordered dinner and received a beautifully set up tray with flowers, 2 glasses of water and 2 bowls of pasta and absolutely nothing else. The pasta had been put in the microwave and served in the same bowl, there was no bread, no garnish absolutely nothing. Fo the prices they charged I expected more. The breakfast, which wasn't included in the internet pricing, was very good. I would recommend this hotel for a nice shopping weekend.	
Apr 11 2009 	Very nice hotel nice location and very friendly staff.	My wife and I just returned from a trip to Chicago, and agree with other reviewers that this hotel is a gem. It has a great location (2 blocks from magnificent mile, and 1.5 mile walk to the original Marshall Field's). The staff was very friendly, and accomodations had an old-Chicago flair. I believe the building next door is under construction, but it was not that loud, and you could only hear the workers during business hours (maybe this was the reason for the great price? It did not disturb our stay). Parking was not included (I don't stay in big cities often, so I'm not sure if that is normal). I would also recommend trying to book though the hotel - it was SIGNIFICANTLY cheaper than any of the travel searches, like Orbitz. It had a 40&quot;+ Aquas tv, available mini fridge on request, and nice elavators (some of the other elavators in town made my life flash before my eyes...).	
Mar 30 2009 	Like a Bed and Breakfast Intimate hotel	I was first at the Talbott about 10 years ago and was pleasantly surprised by the small warm interior surroundings. I was walking into a private livingroom where you feel like opening up a book and curling up in forot of the fire. A quaint little bar/restaurant with as well. The service is not outstanding however they are always polite. Perhaps I simply wish people to WOW me.! The bathrooms ( which I had - cannot say they are all like this in every room) could be updated as they are not in line with the sumptious bedroom allure.I would recommend a night stay at the Talbott.	
Mar 17 2009 	Makes one feel that one is to the Manor born	Upon entering the lobby you feel like you have stepped into an English men's club. Cosy, charming, and elegant, this hotel makes you feel that you are a guest in someone's home.I stayed in the King deluxe room which was very spacious. The bed featured a pillow top mattress and this was the first time that I have ever noticed the bedding in a hotel stay.The bathroom features both a shower and a soaking tub which I took ample use of. The mini bar was the most upscale one that I have seen with Voss water, exceptional wine, and gourmet cookies along with the usual array of soft drinks, beers etc.It was room service all the way for me. I recommend the Lasagna Emiliana and the chocolate gelatto for dinner along with the bottle of wine from the mini bar and the Banana-stuffed Brioche French Toast with Mascarpone, Hazelnuts and syrup for Breakfast.If you don't feel like staying in, the hotel is well located and I would think about dining at Le Colonial or Pierrot Gourmet just blocks away.I admit, I stayed here last December and had an issue with the hotel, but because they followed up so professionally and promptly, I decided to stay here again when I chose to stay here rather than a night at Northwestern hospital.	
Mar 8 2009 	Great hotel - wonderful staff	I have stayed at this hotel several times for business and I love staying here. The beds are VERY comfortable, they have robes in the room, the rooms are nice and spacious, and the staff is incredibly helpful. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Feb 28 2009 	Great location restaurant and staff!	Be careful if you stay in rooms ending in 07 or 08, early construction starts on that side of the building....very loud and annoying. Other than that it was an excellent place to stay.Nice small lobby with fireplaces where you can sit and have a drink. Cabs pull up right in front of hotel. We loved it. We were there on a college visit so got a great rate.	
Feb 25 2009 	Awesome Hotel	We stayed at the Talbot for two nights. Loved everything about the hotel. The staff was wonderful, helpful and extremely friendly. The room was elegant, spacious,clean and quiet. Location was great as we walked everywhere. We didn't eat at the restaurant as there are so many other choices (just ask the concierge!). Only negative was spending 48 dollars a day for parking...but I guess that comes with being in the city. We would definitely recommend this hotel!	
Feb 23 2009 	Wonderful relaxing hotel - will definitely be back!	Just spent a long weekend at the Talbott. We booked via the small luxury hotel website and received a free room upgrade. The room was very spacious for a Chicago hotel. The doorman was just excellent and had good suggestions for us. The hotel is nicely located, just a couple of blocks from the Hancock Center. Wonderful stay, will definitely go back!	
Feb 13 2009 	Fantastic Boutique Hotel With A Friendly And Helpful Staff	The rooms were spacious which surprised me based on previous stays at other hotelss in Chicago. The rate was less than I've paid in other hotels in this city.I loved the High Definition Television in the room.Technical support helped me get logged in to the high speed internet connections within a couple of minutes.The staff was very helpful with directions and recommendations for dining. They helped me print out a boarding pass in the business center at no charge.The Bell Hop ran down a cabbie for me several times and helped with fare information.I will be strongly recommending this hotel for business colleagues, friends and family.	
Feb 2 2009 	Chicago's Best Boutique Hotel	Lavish, but not overdone, this hotel makes the average person feel like a member of royalty, if only for the night. From the lobby to the rooms, The Talbott offers rich, elegant décor which add to the charm and old world luxuriousness of this grand old hotel. Great dining and even good shopping choices make this one of Chicago’s most elegant boutique hotels. I’ve stayed at the Palmer House and the Ritz Carlton. Both are great but The Talbott tops them hands down.	
Dec 28 2008 	Great Stay	Stayed at the Talbott for over a week and enjoyed our stay. Room was a little noisy as we were next to the lift, but everything else made up for that.Positives: Bed was very comfortable, great to have real shower, free internet, gym usage, staff (all friendly) and location.Negative: Lift noise, lifts slow and restaurant (there are so many great restaurants around - don't bother staying in)Would stay again!	
Nov 28 2008 	Great Trip	Had a great stay -- staff was more than accomodating from the moment we arrived. Provided superior service.We live in the western burbs and stayed an evening in Chicago before heading out of town on vacation. Did so to have easy access to public transportaiton on Thanksgiving Day. Bed was extremely comfortable, pillow and linens were great.Will definite consider again next year when we travel out of Chicago.	
Nov 24 2008 	Loved The Talbott	The location, the room, the staff all outstanding. don't eat there, and don't waste money on a drink....that's the only thing that was not so great. But there are so many great places right around The Talbott, it's the place to stay!	
Nov 23 2008 	Loved the Talbott	This was my 3rd or 4th stay at the Talbott. I really do love this hotel. The location is only 3 blocks from the Chicago/State red line stop. 2 blocks from Michigan Ave and the Hancock tower.Over the last 2 years since I started staying at the Talbott when in Chicago, I feel the value for the dollar isn't as good as it was. But this is understandable. It is a great hotel, so is on par with other hotels charging similar rates.You used to get passes to the Fitness Formula Club (gold coast location) a short few blocks away, but now they give you passes to the Equinox club which is actually closer on Michigan Ave. However, the Fitness Formula Club was way better. It was much bigger and had a huge selection of equipment. So this is disappointing.Free internet is very reliable. Never once had any problem.Next time I'm in Chicago, even though I love the Talbott, I think I might try something else since the same money can buy other hotels rated just as high on trip advisor.	
Nov 20 2008 	Great hotel	We loved our stay at the Talbott. We were in Chicago to attend the theater show Dirty Dancing. We booked our room through Orbitz and received a nice discount. When we arrived at the hotel everyone from the doorman to the front desk to the maids were highly professional and courtesy. We were upgraded to a King bed suite. The suite was well decorated and spacious. My wife particularily enjoyed the heat that could be directed at the marble floor in the bathroom. We loved the hotel and will definitely stay at the Talbott on our next trip to Chicago. Highly recommended.	
Nov 13 2008 	Wonderful intimate hotel!	My wife and I recently enjoyed a couple of days in Chicago to see a play and fully enjoyed our experience at the Talbott. Initially, I was worried about the service due to the concierge's inability to return my e-mails in reference to ordering flowers for my wife, but after a call to the hotel, the concierge was more than helpful and the arrangement ordered was absolutely perfect. The lobby is small (or intimate as you prefer), so if you like to feel anonymous as you enter or leave, this is not the hotel for you. Doormen, bellmen, and receptionists WILL be attending to your needs or wishing you well with big smiles. Being an older hotel, sometimes there is a wait for an elevator (they're slow and small), but not overly so. The rooms were spacious and clean, and the bathroom in our suite was huge and absolutely gorgeous (we'll be remodeling ours soon). My wife visited Lush and the Body Shop for supplies and took no less then three baths during our stay. Our bed was absolutely comfortable. I would agree with others that there is quite a bit of construction in the area (like right next door!), but in reality, we hardly noticed it. If you hear a hammer, turn on the Ipod ready radio or the 42&quot; widescreen TV. It IS the city, after all. The location is wonderful! Only a couple minute stroll to Water Tower Place and an $8.00 cab ride to the Oriental Theater. On the whole, our stay was wonderful and an absolute bargain compared with other hotels in the area. We'll be back.	
Nov 1 2008 	Enjoyable Stay	We have just returned from a 4 night city break in Chicago. Booking at last minute caused us problems finding a vacant hotel. The Talbott itself only offered an expensive rate for a suite (last room available). We tracked down a MUCH cheaper rate on activehotels.com for a regular room.On arriving at the Talbott, we were upgraded to the one-bedroom suite! As all comments have mentioned, there is a LOT of building work going on immediately adjacent to the hotel. However, as we were jetlag wise, 5 hours ahead of Chicago time, we were out of the hotel by 0800 and didn't return till late, so heard no noise at all. The suite was comfortable and spacious, with free wifi. Bathroom had 2 large sinks - plenty of room for my husband and myself to spread out. The bed was EXTREMELY comfortable, and we are both very fussy in this respect.Location was excellent - as the weather was sunny, we pretty much walked everywhere. The concierge (both Stephanie and Tim) were very knowledgeable and helpful, coming up with good recommendations for steakhouses that would not be packed with convention goers and fellow tourists. All the staff were friendly and welcoming - we enjoyed our stay, and would readily return to the hotel.	
Oct 10 2008 	Great choice	I generally stay at the Omni in Chicago but they were booked so I found this hotel for a great deal on orbitz ($199 per night) and booked it. It was great. The location is Ideal. Walk right onto Rush street and enjoy some of the best food in town. The decor in the hotel is very nice and the beds very comfy. I found the room to be very clean and the staff helpfull. I think this will be my first choice in the future.	
Oct 8 2008 	Love the talbot	The talbot was great. Everyone was very friendly and helpful. The room was updated. The street that the Talbot is on is great, it is a side street that is tree lined. There is a Starbucks right across the street. The bar/restaurant in the hotel is really nice too. It is small but a nice cozy place to get a cocktail. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 24 2008 	Lovely Boutique in Excellent Location	A great location only 1 1/2 blocks from North Michigan Avenue. Very quiet part of the street. Lovely, quaint lobby with professional attendants who checked us in early to a spotless room. The room was a double queen and was, by all hotel standards, huge! Most hotels would have somehow carved the space up into 2 rooms. This gave our children someplace to play. The only downside was that the room felt humid, despite every attempt we made to re-adjust the HVAC. Otherwise, it was wonderful and I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.	
Aug 31 2008 	Great visit to the city!	My husband and I stayed here for three nights while visiting Chicago as tourists. What a beautiful hotel! Our room was lovely, the staff was super helpful and the location was convenient. They don't have an in house gym, but each day you can get a day pass to a cushy gym down the street. The restaurant in the hotel has a very yummy breakfast. The concierge helped us to make dinner reservations at the last minute our first night there.We were able to walk down the Magnificent Mile from our hotel, as well as through the Gold Coast and Old Towne neighborhoods. There are tons of great restaurants in the area (including the famous Gibsons and the Signature Room in the Hancock tower) as well as lots of shopping.There is currently a lot of construction going on near the Talbott (they are building condos right behind it), but regardless we had a wonderful stay and would definitely stay there again when visiting Chicago.	
Aug 19 2008 	Very nice but	I spent four nights at the Talbott. The hotel is good, the staff were very pleasant and helpful, the room was spacious, clean and comfortable and the bed was fantastic. I will stay there again once downtown Chicago has been rebuilt, as this is what seems to be going on right now. The noise from the construction in the vicinity was intrusive and off-putting and it looks like they have a long way to go.I will be back to the Talbott for sure, but not soon. And it's certainly not a reflection on the hotel itself or the staff, simply the noise.	
Aug 18 2008 	Love the hotel but not the restaurant.	The Talbott Hotel in Chicago is my very favorite hotel in the City. The hotel is a small European style hotel with beautiful rooms and an excellent staff. The only thing that wasn't up to pare is the restaurant, and the quality has declined a lot since the last time I stayed at the Talbott. The fruit on the fruit plate was overripe, the yogurt was sour, the coffee was just lukewarm and the breakfast assortment of breads was stale. The service in the restaurant was also poor. The restaurant has a beautiful outside dining area and would be wonderful if the food and service was better. After eating breakfast there we decided to find someplace else for dinner. Hopefully they will improve on this but if not, I'll still stay at the Talbott but find someplace else to eat.	
Aug 7 2008 	Brilliant position great staff and lovely rooms	Spent two nights in the Talbott during our summer vacation. The hotel is well situated for sighseeing, shopping (on the magnificant mile) and good restaurants. The hotel has a great atmosphere and lots of character. Our room was massive and extremely comfortable. The staff were very helpful and accommodating. The only slight negative was the building work that is going on next door, the work is however restricted to set hours (8-5) and the sound insulation is good so this didn't really bother us. We got a very good rate on the internet.	
Aug 6 2008 	Wonderful experience	We stayed here 4 nights for a conference which my husband was attending close by. We are members of the Small Luxury Hotel group and made the booking via their website. We didn't realized we'd be upgraded when we arrived - we ended up in a beautiful suite which was very nice considering it was a longer trip than usual.The service was excellent and the beds extremely comfortable.There's a great wine bar just across the street and also a little cafe/deli across the street which was convenient to pick up light breakfast and snacks.	
Aug 5 2008	Great hotel - horrible location	This is a nice hotel and the people were great but I would not stay there again until the construction around it is finished. The elevator in the alley attached to the hotel starts as early as 5:30am and goes into the night - including weekends. Use of the dumpsters (filling and emptying) is constant. Worst of all, to me, is having a restaurant with a sidewalk cafe right next to a construction site with rats running around - truly disgusting.	
Aug 4 2008 	Nothing but the best!	My wife and I spent one night at the Talbott Hotel, and loved it.Upon Arrival, we were greeted by two hotel staff prior to reaching the front desk. The girl at the desk was both professional, and courteous; acknowledging our special occasion and giving us a complementary upgrade to a suite was such a nice touch. Because we booked through AAA, we got a great deal on the room rate as it was, including strawberries, wine, and breakfast for two.We had also chosen the Talbott for its close proximity to Chicago's famous steakhouse Gibson's (less than a 10 min walk). Note: make dinner reservations in advance, or see the hotel concierge. On a funnier note: Gibson's is located in the heart of the Viagra Triangle: Google Viagra Triangle for more info.The suite was spacious and &quot;very clean.&quot; The living room area had a a 42&quot; flat screen TV, and there was a 27&quot; flat screen in the bedroom. The bathroom (spotless) had both a shower and a large tub that could seat two. The bedroom was comfy, with a nice king size bed.The only drawback to the whole occasion, was the $48 dollar overnight parking fee.... we had thought it was going to be $20, but hey, it's Chicago, and everything is more expensive these days.	
Jul 29 2008 	Brilliant - couldn't fault it!	I booked this hotel through the SLH (Small Luxury Hotel Group). Having stayed in their hotels before and were impressed, we thought we would do the same for our trip to Chicago.A fantastic location for everything, from eating and drinking out to shopping and getting tours. It's located on Delaware Place, which is near the famous eating area on Rush Street. Less than 5 minutes walk away.The room was spacious and has a very good ensuite. The bed was very comfortable and very clean. The towels were changed twice a day if needed. It had a good TV if needed also. It was quiet and although our room was near some building work next door, we rarely heard anything at all. We were located on the 8th floor overlooking the front.The Concierge made our stay worth while in every way. He was friendly, informative and very approachable and willing to help and advise. He is worth his weight in gold. Although all the staff were friendly and helpful, I was say the Concierge, Gene, was the star member of staff.We ate at some very, very good restaurants - our favourite being the Le Colonial, on Rush Street. A French/Vietnamese style restaurant. Our second favourite in the same area was Gibsons. What a great place for a fantasic choice of steaks. Hugo's next door for seafood was also outstanding. There's a restaurant called Japanais, which had brilliant reviews, but we ran out of time to go there - next time!Gene booked us to see the Jersey Boys at the Theatre. Although the tickets were a bit pricey, the show was outstanding and worth every penny. I learnt a lot about Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons and thoroughly enjoyed the music and their performance on the everning. I would go again!We had a fabulous week in Chicago and we will definately return again and stay at the Talbott. Thank you to everyone who made our stay a delight.ColeyHampshire, England	
Jul 28 2008 	Great value great service	This is a great find for downtown Chicago. The price is right and the staff are excellent. As noted, there is construction going on around the hotel, but I didn't notice any issues that disturbed sleeping. I asked for a quiet room on an upper floor, and was gladly given one. The lobby is small, the atmosphere is that of a small boutique hotel. The concierge, Stephanie did a super job in finding us a restaurant and booking us reservations (along with a complimentary appetizer). We had a standard room, and it was spacious, tastefully decorated--everything we needed. The bathroom had a nice whirlpool tub for soaking--and the MP3 compatible radio was a nice perk. Just can't say enough about how nice the staff are--every single person you meet. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 15 2008 	Great value-middle of everything biz related	Solid value for the biz traveler----Meant to post this long ago, so, not current info; but, I am posting due to fact I looked at Tripadvisor to see how things sounded, as am planning return to Chicago soon, and, will probably stay at Talbott. Have stayed 3 times over last year or so; first time, had never heard of it, a bit hesitant as usually stay Hilton or similar, but a pal who stays Talbott once a month and travels a lot to other towns so very experienced traveler, he just kept talking it up. Excellent value for biz folks who pay their own way. In the middle of most meeting sites for downtown biz, never had a problem getting a cab, fairly responsive staff-all 3 times I thought they were a bit aloof but reality is I think they are just very very business like-if you ask for something you get it, or you get an explanation as to why you will not get it, etc, so, I will take that over warm and fuzzy non-performance everytime--the food/bar was not something to go out of your way for but fine for stay in the room or on property when you are tired or weather is bad. Best suited for business single, would be pretty good for couples and it is well placed for a travel companion to entertain themselves while you are out in meetings, probably not a big hit for kids and teens but if you were truly just looking for solid safe downtown value on a bed and bath to attend a wedding or similar nearby, it is a great option. Take a peek at the bar--it is great wood work and craftsmanship on display, a nice element for a small hotel bar to see cool looking woodwork and not just a cold utility type place.	
Jul 2 2008 	Fantastic hotel in a fantastic location	This is a fantastic hotel in a fantastic location.I stayed one night in June 08 and was upgraded to a suite as the hotel was fully booked! The suite was beautifully decorated and well equipped.My stay was trouble free and the staff were friendly and knowledgeable.Would recommend to both the business and holiday traveller.	
Jun 28 2008 	The best Hotel experience ever.	I recently decided on a trip to Chicago. Previously I had stayed at the Le Meridien (now the site of the Conrad Hotel) and was debating a return stay at that facility since my previous exeperience was great.I did some research and decided to try and stay at a different hotel. Using tripadvisor as my main source, in addition to Orbitz and Expedia, I kept noticing that The Talbott Hotel came up as a favorite spot, so with some trepidation (I will admit) I booked my 4 nite stay there. Arriving at the hotel, for me the first thing I noticed was the small lobby area....having stayed mostly at Hilton, Hyatt and other business-type hotels, I was used to larger lobbies, and multiple desk attendants, but I absorbed the experience and checked in. I was upgraded due to the fact that I had reserved my room thru the slh.com website (Small Luxury hotels), of which The Talbott was a member. That website encourages the person to create a list of their pet likes, pillow types, food, etc...and I created a list of things I enjoyed.The room, was spacious, wonderfully appointed, comfortable and met all of my needs. A few minutes after I had started to uppack my luggage, the door bell rang, and a waiter appeared, carrying a large bowl of fruits and other items, I was surprised as I had not ordered anything.When I opened the letter, it was a typed welcome letter, indicating that enclosed were a few items I had indicated I liked (chocolates, bottled water, etc....) and that anything I need I was to contact the desk. What a wonderful way to be welcomed, I thought.I had a few things I wanted to do while in Chicago, and so I went downstairs to the Concierge and met Stephanie. Now any of you who have read back reviews from folk who have stayed at The Talbott will recall that many people praised Stephanie as a wonderful host, and Concierge. Well, I cannot say enough about her. I spent the better part of 40 minutes chatting with her about what kind of restaurants i wanted to try (it was my birthday) and other things i wanted to do. She took notes, went online and showed me different restaurants that she could recommend, called them up to make reservations as I was sitting there, and mae a couple reservations at those that the times were amenable to me. I ate at the RL restaurant (yes, Ralph Lauren), and was personally greeted when I walked in. I asked them how did you know my name, and they replied that Stephanie had called them to let them know I was coming over. I was overwhelmed...I had never experienced such special attention at any other hotel. They comped me on my desert, since Stephanie had told them it was my birthday, and all in all, I had a wonderful time. I told her that i wanted to go see a Jazz or Blues show and she pointed me to the Backroom, a few blocks away from the hotel. She looked in her draw and found me a ticket for free entrance to the show (normally $20 at the door). The concert was great, and I was there for nearly 3 hrs, drinking and enjoying the music. The place is small, intimate, but the sound is great, so it is a good place to enjoy a show.Everyone at The Talbott was gracious, smiling and helpful. I felt like I was staying with family....I cannot explain it any other way. Every morning I would come down and chat with Stephanie for a few minutes about what I was doing that day, and she suggested other things that i might do also. It was like a well-choreographed show!!!The location is perfect, near to Rush Street and the bars, restaurants and stores, Michigan Avenue is about a block and a 1/2 away.....there are buses, free trolleys so there is no problem to get where you want to go.In my stay in Chicago I had purchased a few items that could not be packed in my carry-on, and so i asked Stephanie if the Hotel could arrange for the stuff to be sent via UPS to my home. No problem, she said. I gave them my address etc....and all was arranged. I received the items aboout 4 days later.I really was sorry to leave. It was such a wonderful experience. Time and time again while I was sitting with Stephanie other folk would come in and thank her for reservations she had made for them, recommendations for theatre, restaurants, walking tours, etc....and would turn to me while I was sitting there and tell me that they always come back to The Talbott because of her. Some brought in small gifts of their appreciation....I have never seen this at any other hotel I have stayed at.I have to say that I did initially have some trepidation when i booked this hotel. I was not familiar with smaller, boutique-styled hotels, but I was sooo pleasantly surprised that I would feel as if I betrayed them if I were to ever re-visit Chicago and not stay at The Talbott. My trip was that special. That, I can safely say, is the kind of experience that makes it very easy to return time and time again to a hotel.I can safely recommend The Talbott to anyone who is looking for a different type of hotel stay....one that does not revolve around a large, Business-type place (Hilton, Hyatt etc...not that I am knocking them). I cannot wait to return to the Talbott, I was that moved by my time there.	
May 31 2008 	Great small hotel fabulous location excellent service staff large rooms	We enjoyed the Talbott very much. Larger than average room and bathroom, comfortable bed, service staff well trained without being &quot;snooty.&quot; Fabulous location on Delaware, two blocks from Michigan Ave. The downstairs Bice Bistro was superb for every course, morning through late night and there is a Starbucks directly across the street. A small hotel with great charm. Will definitely stay here again.	
May 15 2008 	Very nice!	We were booked at the Talbott via Hotwire at a very good rate. We had some concerns after reading the reviews on tripadvisor, particularly about the construction noise.First, let me say the staff is outstanding, the rooms are beautiful and we would not hesitate staying there again. Stephanie, the concierge, is very, very good and made a huge impact on our stay. The hotel is relatively small but very, very upscale.Second, we found no more noise at the hotel than any other big city establishment. We were on the 11th floor and the construction was much higher and was not objectionable.Third, the location was perfect for us as we could walk to all the sights and restaurants. All the restauants on Rush St. are about a 3 block walk. Stephanie got us reservations at two marvelous spots. The Hancock Tower, where we enjoyed late night drinks, is also about a 3 block walk.The ONLY negative is you have to call room service to get ice. This is one nice hotel.	
Apr 30 2008 	Kudos to the staff--they couldn't be nicer	My boyfriend and I stayed here for one night at the tail end of our trip after 3 nights in the Hilton on South Michigan. For the price we paid (approx. $160 on Hotwire), we had an excellent stay and wouldn't hesitate to recommend this property to anyone else. Compared to the Hilton, the room was probably 1.5 to 2 times as large, with a huge flat panel TV on the wall. The amenities were Aveda products, the room was clean, and the location (in the Gold Coast, only a couple of blocks from the Magnificent Mile and probably on 4 blocks to the closest El stop) was excellent. Most importantly, everyone we encountered--from the doorman to the belllman to the frontdesk clerk to the housecleaning staff-- were genuinely friendly and willing to accommodate us or answer our questions, Just one small example: we checked out of the Hilton at 11 am and took a cab to the Talbott. We just wanted to stow our bags so that we could grab something to eat, but were informed that if we were willing to wait 20 minutes or so, our room would be available! I thought our stay at the Hilton was adequate, but highly doubt we would have been able to check into our room at 11:30--and even if we could, I suspect they would have charged us for this privilege/convenience! (Mind you, the S. Michigan Hilton is happy to stow your bags for you--for only $2 per bag for the convenience. Look up other Tripadvisor reviews if you don't believe me!) Lastly, many of the reviews preceding mine complain about the construction noise, which we didn't encounter. (We were on the 15th floor, so that might have something to do with it.) So although there was a hellish amount of construction going on around and in front of the Talbott, the room itself seemed to be well insulated and caccooned off from any street noise. Again, I highly recommend this hotel. Our thanks go out especially to Jennifer and Perry for making our brief stay pleasant and enjoyable.	
Apr 23 2008	Great hotel but too much construction noise.	A fantastic hotel overall, with probably the best service that I've ever experienced. The huge drawback, however, is the construction that is occurring on both sides of the hotel. They generally work 8am - 8pm Mon-Sat (we stayed for a week) and one of the buildings had workers present on Sunday as well. This was not disclosed on any part of the website at the time of booking. This hotel will be perfect when the construction's done, though the doorman at the hotel when we left estimated that they'd be working for another 1-2 years.	
Mar 28 2008 	Good value and location--when the construction in the area is complete	I booked the Talbott Hotel for a two night stay in Chicago. I chose it because they offered the best rates for a 4 star hotel in the location I was looking for (convenient to shopping and dining). The positives: a nice staff, large rooms, clean and well maintained. The negatives: major construction taking place immediately next door to the hotel--sleeping past 7 a.m. was not possible and needless to say, my three teens did not like this at all. When I booked my reservation, I had inquired about construction noise and was told that it was not a factor anymore and that they had not received any comments/complaints from guests about the noise. I would not hesitate to stay here when construction is complete. It's not hip, fancy or luxurious, but charming and well-located at a price that represents a fair value--when the construction is complete.	
Mar 24 2008	Second time Around	We stayed at the Talbott in February. I wrote a review but it wasn't listed. I wonder why? Fine hotel but there is construction next door that runs 6 days a week - 8am-8pm, with noisy consturciton elevators running 12 hours a day and bright lights on 24/7. Avoid until the construction is over. Then, it will be a very nice place to stay.	
Mar 17 2008	Great place to stay	We just got back from a 3 night stay at the Talbott hotel in Chicago. We had booked this through Hotwire so we didn't know we were staying here until after we had purchased through Hotwire. This was a great place to stay! I knew we had one of the smaller rooms - which was a Deluxe King room. But, once we walked into our room we saw that it was very spacious for a regular room. Very nice and updated decor, and everything was extremely clean. The first 2 nights we hardly saw any other guests in the hotel. Seemed like we had the place to ourselves which was a nice relief from the busy Chicago streets. I read others' complaints about the noise of construction next to the hotel which made me nervous since I'm a light sleeper. While we did see the construction, I never heard any of it - and we slept in most mornings until 9:30 or so. I read that the suites in the hotel had jacuzzi tubs, and I knew we didn't have one in ours as we had a regular room. However, the tub was very deep and great for soaking! (Might I add, this was the cleanest hotel tub I've seen in a long time!) We had a wonderful time staying here and the staff was wonderful and friendly. My husband did have one complaint - though the bed was comfortable, the down comforter on the bed wasn't long enough to cover his feet. His not extremely tall, about 6'0. So, that made sleeping a bit rougher on him, but overall we loved our stay!	
Mar 12 2008 	Wonderful get away in Chicago	We have just returned from a weekend getaway at The Talbott Hotel. We were just thrilled with our decision to stay at The Talbott. The room was very comfortable and spotless. Everything seems to have been recently updated. The bed was especially comfortable with a down comforter. The location of the hotel itself allowed us to walk to a wide variety of restaurants and easy access to shopping at Water Tower and Michigan Avenue. The staff were all very friendly and informative. We were greeted with warm smiles and greetings every time. One concern is the dim lighting in the bathroom. Applying makeup and putting in contacts was easy however due to the lighted makeup mirror with a swing arm. The only other warning is the construction next door. We were on the 8th floor and the little noise we heard was not a problem. However, the construction was still on the ground level. In the next year or so, I would make sure to contact the hotel to determine which side of the hotel is noisy or not. Otherwise, we would recommend this as an intimate, well done hotel. I am sure we will be back in the future!	
Mar 8 2008	Not Sure Why It's So Highly Rated	We booked a room at the Talbott in March, and I honestly don't understand what the attraction is. The staff was great--extremely friendly and accommodating. However, the rooms are small and nondescript, and the neighborhood is a construction zone, so it was incredibly noisy. I wouldn't recommend it to a friend.	
Mar 6 2008 	Reliable Hotel Great Location	Our family stayed at the Talbott for a long weekend visiting family in Chicago. While the dark, psuedo English decor is not my taste, we found the hotel to be a great choice at a fair price. We loved the location and could walk to the Hancock tower, Michigan Avenue etc. Navy Pier was a $10 cab ride.The staff at the hotel are amazing. They helped get reservations that were impossible to get. They took packages. They delivered extra beds immediately.The hotel is connected to the restaurant BICE so the room service was great if priced for that type of high end restaurant. Breakfast was also delivered in 20 minutes which is unusual these days.The room was large. The bathroom had a tub and a stand alone shower. More importantly, it had Aveda products.We would stay here again.	
Feb 1 2008 	The Best!	I stayed at the Talbott twice in the last few weeks. I was very pleased with every facet of my stays. The staff, from doormen to front desk, to concierge, to housekeeping, were wonderful. The rooms were nicely sized and clean, and well stocked. I will return to the Talbott anytime!	
Jan 19 2008 	One of the Best Hotel Staffs you'll find in Chicago	After reading reviews on several websites I decided to book a room at the Talbott during one of the coldest times of the year. It was well worth it! From the second we arrived it was clear that the entire staff was hand picked and thoroughly trained to be warm and friendly. From the bellman to front desk to the maintenance man in the elevator....they all took time to say good morning and have a great day. That type of service is no accident. This place really was more than I expected for the price. Our suite was large and comfortable. The bathroom had a separate shower and the bath accessories were top notch. The hotel offers free morning coffee in the lobby but there is also a Starbucks right around the corner and everything worth seeing along the Mag Mile is within a short walk. I would stay there again. This is my first review submitted to Trip Advisor and I am doing this almost a year after my stay. I felt obligated to give credit where credit is due! This hotel felt more like a 5 star hotel than several of the 5 star hotels I have stayed at.	
Jan 4 2008 	Great Hotel Fantastic Location	December 30 to 31 (not over New Year's eve). Our room rate was less than $140 booking through the hotel's reservations - this was a good deal for Chicago. Friendly staff, nicely decorated hotel and large size room (1409 corner King room). We arrived around 11:30 in the morning and SURPRISE, our room was READY!!!! Wow! That has Never happened before at any other hotel. This is a quaint boutique hotel located very close to Water Tower Place and the John Hancock building a stone's throw from the famous Magnificent Mile! About 5 blocks from the river (not a terrible walk if it's not too cold!).Rooms were recently redecorated (hotel style, but nice) and our bathroom had double sinks and a jacuzzi tub. Nice. Some negatives: Did not have have a flat panel TV and the TV was too small for the room size (since our room was so large, the TV was about 20 feet to the headboard!) The mini stereo/CD/Clock radio was cheap and made a funny burping sound when the music hit low notes (we were listening to jazz!) Another thing missing from this boutique hotel was a little complimentary wine and cheese around the cocktail hour.I would recommend this hotel to about $220 range, anything more I would be disappointed (see negative points).	
Jan 1 2008 	The Talbott is lovely	This is a lovely small hotel in a great location. The staff is exceptionally gracious and helpful. The little restaurant-bar (Bice's) is exquisite, and its cocktails, wines, food, and service are excellent. The dark wood paneling throughout the common areas is warm and cozy. The theme of fox-hunting in the artwork is unfortunate, though, for those (like me) who find this &quot;sport&quot; barbaric.	
Dec 14 2007	Great Experience	Stayed here for two nights, we were upgraded upon arrival to the executive suites. The room was huge if a little dark, howver the huge comfy bed and aveda products made up for it.Perfect location however found room service to be very pricey.	
Dec 4 2007	disappointed	I have stayed in the Talbott a few times and had always liked it. This time was my first visit in 2 years and I was disappointed. The hallways are now looking tired and the carpets need to be replaced. I had asked for a corner room but instead was given a small and very dark room looking out onto a wall 10 feet away with multiple noisy vents immediately outside the window. The lights had to be kept on throughout the day even through the days were bright. The bathroom was tiny and would be difficult to manage with 2 people in the room. The AC unit rumbled on permanently with background white noise even when switched off. Having stayed there before I know there are better rooms but this one was the same price as the others I have been in and the risk is getting it again.Other small things contributed - the lobby brownies are no longer, there were no cup lids for the lobby coffee (so you couldn't walk out with the coffee) and I got a newspaper only on the last morning of a 5-night stay.The construction noise was not too bad but does start at 7.30am and goes on until around 8pm, including weekends.	
Nov 13 2007 	Charming and plush and wonderful location	I booked last minute at the Talbott while in Chicago, and was very happy with my stay and services. The staff was friendly and helpful, especially the concierge with directions and recommendations. I stayed in a double queen-bed room, which was huge by traditional hotel room standards. The carpet was plush, the bed comfortable, and the other amenities quite thoughtful (such as umbrellas in the room just in case). Aveda bath products were also a nice touch. One caution: there is a large construction site next to the hotel, so rooms facing that side will be noisy after 8:00 a.m. most mornings. The front desk staff was accommodating though and offered to move me if the noise was too much.I would highly recommend this hotel, and definitely would stay there again.	
Nov 13 2007 	Best in the city	This hotel is a classic - richly appointed and has the friendliest most helpfui staff I've ever encountered. Can't wait to get back.	
Nov 5 2007 	Great Hotel	Chicago is one of our favorite cities to visit. Some friends suggested trying The Talbott. I'm delighted we took them up. The Talbott is a great &quot;small&quot; hotel a block and a half off of Michigan Avenue near the Four Seasons, Drake and Westin.The concierge staff was most helpfull. Gene and Stephanie took great care of us.The rooms were spacious and very fresh. The elevators could be a bit slow at times. Aside from the construction next door, our stay was perfect.Bice now runs the hotel restaurant. We enjoyed having breakfast there.We will stay there again.	
Oct 30 2007	Supurb Boutique Hotel AWESOME location authentic connected service	OK, I love visiting the most friendly, clean, delightful city in the world,Chicago. I am hooked on this gem of a city, I wish my business would transfer me here, but if they did THEN I couldn't just visit this wonderful hotel smack in the center of the action, like coming home, delightful. Just a snidge off the main beam of Michigan Ave. wonderfulness, so the location is quiet yet steps to everything. From the doormen (thank you Charles and Perry) to the concierge (many thanks to Gene and Stephanie) to the front desk to the housekeeping staff, everyone is genuinely caring about the guest. I am over the top for this hotel and would give it a TripAdvisor #10 if the rating was available. The rates are in synch with the area, even if a bit high (sigh), well, whataya gonna do? The rooms are lovely, the amenities deep, the beds firm, the service top notch. This should be your choice. I have my cheerleader pom poms out for the Talbott. Woohoooo!	
Oct 24 2007	Excellent boutique hotel	Although The Talbott may seem expensive it gives full value and is in a very good location. Our Deluxe Corner King room was spacious and excellent quality and the hotel and its staff are very welcoming, efficient and friendly. We would certainly stay there again.	
Oct 23 2007	Friendly staff beautiful hotel in heart of Downtown Chicago	The reservationists are rude on the phone but when I arrived at the hotel the staff was very accommodating and friendly. My room was HUGE and absolutely beautiful. The hotel is located in a very convenient location where every restaurant and sights are from walking distance. Two thumbs up!	
Oct 13 2007 	A fine choice	The Talbott is a boutique hotel in the Gold Coast part of Chicago. It is just a few blocks from Hancock Tower, Watertower Place, and Michigan Avenue. It is a little North of some points of interest, such as the Navy Pier or the Art Institute, requiring 20 - 30 min of walking to get to these sites or ~$12 dollar cab ride.The hotel itelf is very attractive and personal. The decor is traditional, with tasteful prints and furniture. (For some reason, the Talbott is big on fox huning themes). The rooms are large and comfortable. I stayed in a one room suite, which was very spacious, well-decorated, and very clean. The size and layout was ideal in terms of privacy, in that a family can place 1 - 2 people in the living room, which is separated from the bedroom by the sizable bathroom suite. Other features of the hotel include free WiFi (which was a little buggy), and a restaurant.Overall, this a is fine, personal hotel that makes it a good alternative to the large hotels in the area. One possible issue is that a major building is being constructed immediately behind the Talbott. Work begins at 7:30 am, so noise could be a problem for those wanting to sleep-in or grab a mid-day nap. However, this is probably a short-term issue, and I recommend the Talbott highly.	
Oct 1 2007 	The Talbott is great!!!	My girlfriends and I stayed 4 nights at the Talbott returning home on Saturday 9/29. We all had a wonderful time and thoroughly enjoyed the hotel. The staff from top to bottom were excellent, accommodating. The room was roomy...with our only complaint being not being able to cool the room fast enough after a day on the town. The construction next door was obstructing the sidewalk, but being on a oneway street limited that difficulty. The doorman, Andrew was an excellent source at this hotel. He arranged all our transportation at night to restaurants. We enjoyed everything about the hotel and the city. The hotel was expensive but met expectations.	
Oct 1 2007 	Nice rooms service not always	The rooms in the Talbott are good, large and recently refurbished. The WiFi internet is good and free of charge. The staff is not always as friendly as they should be, but overall this stay was nice. The location is great, just of Michigan Ave.	
Sep 17 2007 	One of the worst hotels I've stayed at	I can easily say this is one of the worst hotels I've stayed at the. The receptionist up front was a snooty, sarcastic teenager or post teenager. You can get better service from a waiter or waitress at a diner. The room was dirty, stains on the carpet, the showerhead was moldy and rusted, the doors of the bathroom and main door all had dents and scratches. The towels had a horrible aroma. The hotel is very narrow, so we were near a construction zone so, I would plan on waking up at 6:am if you choose the Talbott. The next day, I asked for another room and the concierge who was a decent guy moved us to a larger more comfortable room. That room though was right by the elevator and it was torture hearing the sounds of the elevator which just would never stop. I asked for late checkout at 1pm and the receptionist refused stating that we would be charged for a half day, if were not out by noon. I had to speak to the manager who gave us till 1pm. Please stay away from this hotel, I think a Holiday Inn would be better.Andrew F. Gulli	
Sep 15 2007 	Nice Boutique Hotel in the Gold Coast	The Talbott is a real nice boutique hotel right in the heart of the Gold Coast, one of the nicest neighborhoods in Chicago, and about 1.5 blocks from the Magnificent Mile. The lobby finishes and the staff were very friendly, and appeared to be accomidating. We didn't really need anything, but if we did, we could have asked anybody, and they would have helped us. The room well apointed, and the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was nice and has a timed heater function, that can be used in the bitter Chicago winter mornings. The location of the hotel is increadible. You are two blocks from the Red Line &quot;L&quot; train that runs all hours of the day. You are 2 blocks from The Bloomingdales building, John Hancock Building, Water Tower, and all the shops on Michigan Avenue. You are by great restaurants, shopping, and transportation.This hotel is a good deal for the location and accomidations. I would definetly recommend this hotel; however, read the WARNING BELOW:******WARNING********There are 3 major constructions occuring to the west, and north of the building. Construction is at the early stages of this property, but in the coming year(s), major construction will occur, and it will be right next door to the hotel. We were on the 13th floor (lucky), but we heard very faint construction, Tuesday moring. My big suggestion, would be to get a high floor room, and by around next year at this time, be warned of major construction at this location.	
Sep 3 2007 	2nd time just as great as 1st	My 2nd stay at the Talbott within a year and it was just as great as the first time. Was in a standard 2 full bed bedroom for 3 people. Room was a big size. bathroom was nice. desk and easy chair as well. 4th floor yet was bright and airy. Front desk was great, concierge very helpful and resourceful. Great location; a block from John Hancock building as well as miracle mile with all the shopping. Price can not be beat. down the street 4 seasons charges 500+ for a room while we paid 200 for the night. New restaurant on premises (Bice ) which looked great. Have stayed in Talbott 1 br king suite and that was wonderful but couch in separate living room is not a pull out. I will certainly make this my chicago hotel. around the corner have breakfast at El Tempo (best breakfasts) or Eisnstein bagel a block away. Hotel is so central. Enjoy, we did	
Aug 27 2007 	Perfect Hotel!!	We booked a double room suite, the size was like an apartment, the bathroom was huge and the hotel has an excellent location, we have all the restaurants and shopping two blocks away.	
Aug 26 2007 	The Talbott was a Treat!	Great staff, quiet, and well appointed room. Walking distance from great shopping!	
Aug 21 2007 	Treasure in Chicago	If you are looking for a delightful, small hotel in the heart of Chicago, The Talbott is for you. It is a perfect location and a true hideaway from the chaotic city. We had a standard room and it was very large. The bathrooms are small, but that comes with an older hotel. The beds were awesome as was the maid service. The staff was excellent...always helpful and attentive...we all loved the bellmen! The only complaint would be that the bar closes very early....sometimes before 11PM.	
Aug 9 2007 	The Best Place to turn 30!!!!	We stayed at the Talbott from the 4th-7th of August and it was wonderful. We were steps from several streets that had tons to do. We also bought 3 day bus passes and just jumped on and off around town seeing and doing everything we could pack in 4 full days. Gene at the concierge desk checked us in for our flight before we got to the airport on our way out, he booked us reservations to restaurants, gave us an umbrella when it started to rain, held our bags when we checked out as we had a late flight so we wondered around town some more, and he gave us directions to this place and that place. Our room was always clean and they put my flowers in the room that arrived for my birthday from a friend. We love to travel and go to new places trying not to repeat trips as we all know so much to do and see out there, but I would go back to the Talbott and especially Chicago. Everyone was super nice and super informative. Although do not eat at the place in the hotel, way overpriced and not that wonderful, nor was our waiter or the wrestling on the TV. If you need great places to eat, Quartinos on State ask for Zach he was awesome, great for lunch as it gets really crowded at dinner, Devon we went to late and it is super nice and the food is terrific, Kitchs'n on Chicago, way down Chicago, they have soy lattes, i was sooooooooo happy, it is in the same place as Japonaise which is also wonderful and beautiful, do not go on a weekend to japonaise way too crowded. we went on a monday night and it still got really crowded but we were already there when the crowd rolled in at 7pm plus they have a beautiful bar downstairs, order all appetizers so you can try everything. Giordanos on Michigan and Superior (get there at 1045am walk to the bar and order your pizza as it takes 45 min to cook so when you sit down at 11 you can eat a salad or something then your pizza comes and you will not be waiting in line for 2 hours like everyone else, i recommened the stuffed spinach if you just like your pizza easy cheese instead of overly cheesy), if you want a specialty coffee shop the only one i found in the city is Cafe Deluca on Damen in Wiker Park everything else is a starbucks. The people were nice and it is very Austin, Texas the entire area. Hope this was helpful. Check out the free trolleys, stained glass museum (navy Pier), botanical garden and zoo (lincoln Park), millienium park, beach, etc. I LOVE CHICAGO!!! If you go in August like we did take extra shorts, i wore jeans thinking it would be lots cooler than Texas, wrong. :-)	
Jul 5 2007 	Great night at the Talbott	My girlfriend and I live in Chicago but decided to play tourists for a night and stay at a hotel downtown. The Talbott was wonderful. It's in a great location -- about 2 blocks from the John Hancock and just steps from Rush Street. The room was clean. The bed was comfy. The Aveda shower products were a nice touch, as was the free wireless Internet. The hotel staff was extremely friendly. The doorman downstairs informed us that we could get a couple bucks off parking at a nearby garage by getting a validation ticket at the front desk. We were impressed that he helped us out even though we had decided to park the car ourselves rather than using the hotel's valet service.After taking a shower, I discovered that the hair dryer in our bathroom wasn't working. I called downstairs and they immediately sent up an engineer to check out the problem. Upon discovering that the dryer was, indeed, broken, he immediately fetched another one for me. The entire process -- from the time I phoned the front desk -- took about 15 minutes. It was quick, easy, and again, very friendly.I would absolutely recommend the hotel to anyone looking to stay in the River North/Gold Coast area.	
Jun 29 2007 	Pleasantly surprised	My husband attended a conference in Chicago for the weekend of June 22nd and I decided to tag along for the shopping! We flew into O'Hare and took a cab to the hotel, cost about $30. Everybody from the doorman to reception desk to concierge were extremely friendly and helpful. We had a room on the 9th floor which overlooked the construction, but we were hardly in the room so it didn't bother us. We were also never awakened due to construction noise and my husband is a very light sleeper. The room was clean and spacious enough for us. The bed is very comfy. We ate in the restaurant downstairs several times for breakfast and lunch and all meals were great. The location of this hotel is perfect. You are about 1&amp;1/2 blocks from Michigan Ave and the Hancock tower. Can't beat that! There is also an adorable pet store called Tails In The City across from the hotel! I brought our dog back a couple of toys! They are very nice as well. All in all, no complaints. The hotel is clean and beyond what we were expecting. The staff is always friendly and the location is superb. It's a safe neighborhood-I walked around by myself and felt fine. We would definitely return.	
Jun 17 2007 	Perfect place to stay	My boyfriend and I just returned from our second stay at The Talbott. It was wonderful to see the same friendly staff and they welcomed us with kind words, good service, and efficient checkin.Our room was an executive king suite (701)- roomy, great beds and bedding and an incredibly large bathroom. The bathroom had 2 sinks and large tub and separate shower. The only thing not so great were the livingroom chairs (very uncomfortable) and outdated televisions. However, we were told that new flat screens have been ordered. The maid service was efficient and rooms were very clean.I tried the complimentary pass to the fitness club which was only a 5 minute walk from hotel. I recommend it. We did not eat at the hotel nor did we try room service but I am sure it would be great as the restaurant was always busy and the food did look yummy.The concierge staff was extremely helpful and made reservations and suggestions for us, etc.We love this hotel for its location and understated elegance among all the other reasons I have mentioned.	
Jun 7 2007 	Classy 	Mid-May my husband and I stayed at the Talbott Hotel in Chicago for 3 nights. It was awesome! The hotel's website does not reflect how beautiful and stylish it is. I have attached our pictures so you can understand. The rooms have been updated and are gorgeous, elegant, and sparkling clean. I told the front desk that they have to update their website! It does not reflect the hotel at all. We had booked a regular king room and when we arrived we found out we had been upgraded to a suite! The suite was huge! Practically the size of our apartment in DC!Again the rooms are newly refurbished. We had a beautiful bedroom with European, old world style furnishings, a living room, and the most amazing bathroom with 2 sinks, a shower, and soaking hot tub. Even though there was construction going on we never heard a thing! They have really good, thick windows.The hotel is in a really fun part of Chicago called the &quot;Gold Coast&quot;. There are tons of cool shops and restaurants all within the blocks of the hotel. It is about a 10 minute walk to the Magnificent Mile and river. We never used it but they give you complimentary passes to a nearby gym. We had the buffet breakfast in the charming bistro. The lobby is really warm and inviting and the staff fabulous and professional.I totally recommend The Talbott Hotel!	
Jun 3 2007 	sweet home in chicago	We bookended a recent trip to Illinois, Wisconsin and Michigan with two visits to Chicago, where we stayed both times at the small but elegant Talbott Hotel. I'd never heard of the hotel before, but booked it following reviews on this site. I cannot recommend it highly enough. The hotel staff are friendly and welcoming; the accommodations more than ample, boasting top quality bed linens and nicely appointed baths throughout. On our first stay we were given a complimentary upgrade to a luxurious Executive King; room 1202 was spacious and airy, with a particularly nice bath which included a lighted makeup mirror, Aveda toiletries, his and her bathrobes and separate bath and shower. On our return stay we were given a Double Queen, which too was large and pleasant, with a slightly less opulent bathroom (single shower/bath) but delightful nevertheless. There is construction going on next door, but we never heard a bit of it. Everyone on staff is cheerful and gracious, and the hotel's Bice Bistro makes both a nice place for breakfast and a lively spot for a nightcap. I don't believe we'll be staying anywhere else when we're in town ~ we've found our home away from home. And of course, they have that cow climbing up the side of the building. You don't get that at the Four Seasons.	
May 30 2007 	Wonderful Experience	Merritt Island, FloridaMy mother-in-law and I stayed at The Talbott May 25-28. It has a great location just down the road from the Hancock building. Tons of shopping and restaurants close by. If you are inclined to walk you can go a few blocks to the Drake hotel and follow the underpass to the lake and enjoy the beautiful scenery. Be aware the next place to cross back over is at the Navy Pier. The hotel rooms were spacious and the bed was very comfortable. The staff was extremely courteous and knowledgable.Beware of the WhiteHall hotel down the road. I'll write another review on that!!!	
May 29 2007 	Everything we could have wanted from The Talbott!!	My husband and I just returned from a fantastic, three night trip to Chicago and loved every minute at The Talbott! The location was fantastic - we walked to every meal and shopping location. The staff was unsurpassed! They couldn't have been more helpful. The concierge staff secured our dinner reservations and made many helpful suggestions. The hotel was well appointed with beautiful rooms and bathrooms. Everything was immaculate and very charming. We loved the little bistro tables that lined the street - great for relaxing and 'people watching&quot; before we ventured out for dinner.We will certainly stay at the Talbott next time we visit Chicago. We wouldn't change a thing about our experience!	
May 19 2007 	Wonderful personalized service at The Talbott Hotel	My mother and I stayed at the Talbott Hotel May 14-18. The entire experience was extremely enjoyable. The hotel staff was courteous, friendly and helpful. The room was beautiful and spacious with lots of storage areas. It was very quiet, clean and comfortable. The location of the Talbott is convenient to Michigan Ave, boutiques, and restaurants. I will return to the Talbott Hotel whenever I visit Chicago and hope to find some of the same wonderful staff.	
Apr 30 2007 	Great Choice!	My husband and I stayed from April 27 to April 29th. It was my first trip to the city. This was a terrific location - it was close to great shopping and good restaurants. I could not have chosen better. The staff were all very helpful - all around a good choice. I would stay again. Ask for GENE at the conceirge desk - you'll be lucky if he's on - he was terrific, a real pleasure, very helpful. A few things however to be aware of - there is a lot of construction going on opposite the hotel so the room we had (very clean by the way with comfy beds) overlooked the construction site and they do work on Saturdays and Sundays. Now we weren't bothered as we head out early in the morning but something to be aware of. We booked online - make sure you check the rates regularily. I had booked at $309 per night but then checked a week or so later and the rate went down to $209 per night so I cancelled and rebooked at the lesser rate. However - still a great hotel and would recommend.	
Apr 17 2007	Excellent in every way	We have stayed in the finest resorts and hotels in various locations throughout the United States both on business and pleasure trips. This hotel is absolutely the best overall property of any. The concierge staff, particularly Stephanie, are genuinely interested in being helpful in a sincere, friendly manner. They are well informed and eager to make your stay as pleasant as possible. The hotel is immaculately maintained. The rooms are spacious and well appointed. The bathroom was obviously designed by a woman! There are countless little touches that make you want to go home and re-do your own bathroom! The hotel is centrally located and incredibly quiet. They even provide delicious, really fresh fruit in a bowl in the lobby! We can't wait to go back there.	
Apr 10 2007 	upscale quality downscale price	We stayed here because of all the great reviews, and it's all true. We were highly impressed with the high quality of everything, everyone, and the location. Walking distance to much of what Chicago has to offer. Gibson's steakhouse and the Hancock building to name a couple. This hotel should really be in the top ten or even top five hotels for Chicago. It should also have more than three stars. I mean three stars is for the hilton garden inn or marriott courtyard, and this place far exceeds chain hotels like those. Depending on the room you get, any price under $250 would be a good deal. Between 250 - 300 could still be worth it.	
Apr 3 2007	My favorite hotel	Always a delight. Have stayed several times, the latest this past weekend3/21-4/2/07 and I am always glad to return. If you are looking for a small, personal hotel where the entire staff treats you special then this is the place to stay. Our children who range from 6-16 love it even if there's no pool!!!	
Mar 16 2007	Spring Break Base	Stayed 5 nights at this great hotel. Updated rooms. Clean. Used Tim to book theater and dinning reservations. Provided excellent service. Close to subway, shopping and dinning. Excellent value. Free wireless internet and access to nearby health club very nice perks. Highly recommend it. Future concern is adjacent construction of condos. Not a problem while we were there but something to ask front desk about in the future.	
Mar 3 2007 	Great Place to Stay	My wife and I stayed two nights at the Talbott at the end of February. This little hotel was the perfect place for us. The lobby is very small but also cozy, and with both fireplaces going it was a welcoming atmosphere coming in from the cold. The staff was very friendly and efficient. The room was pretty spacious, and the king bed was extremely comfortable. We had a seventh floor room facing delaware st, so there was really no view. The bathroom was a good size, including two sinks and a spacious tub/shower. There was also free wireless internet...a big plus for us.Perhaps the best thing about the Talbott is the location. We were only a few steps from State, Rush, and North Michigan. Tons of shopping, bars, and good food are easily within walking distance. This makes the Talbott a great place for tourists who want to walk around and take everything in.We highly recommend the Talbott, and will gladly stay again on return trips.	
Mar 2 2007	Great surprise at the Talbott	After hearing my second daughter from college was meeting us in Chicago, we needed a roll away in our suite we had booked at another hotel . After being told we were not allowed to have one, we started looking for another hotel and came across the Talbott on the Orbitz web site. It looked great and was in the best location, but I must say I was skeptical as to the price and the pictures shown of the room. I really doubted they would be as nice as they looked on line. What a great surprise! The suite was beautiful! It was so large that you could have a full living room and still have room for 2 roll-aways if needed. It was clean, it was newly done over. The location couldn't be better and the staff was the most courteous and bent over backwards to be helpful. I will return to the Talbott anytime I have to return to Chicago. It definitely is the best place in Chicago for the money!	
Feb 11 2007 	Excellent hotel	I only had one night in Chicago - and a cold one it was too! However, the Talbott hotel kept me warm and comfortable. The room was large but nice and warm and the bed was excellent - general accomodation was superb and room service was pretty decent. The staff were extremely helfpul and pleasant - and not forced. Will more than happily stay there again next time I am in Chicago	
Jan 20 2007	Europe in Chicago	As we pulled away in a taxi heading to the airport for our trip home my wife turned to me and said &quot;We picked the right place.&quot; Having chosen the Talbott from other Trip Advisor reviews I found myself thinking in terms of a Trip Advisor review when we arrived. Nice entrance, friendly reception, I noticed everything and immediately knew the Talbott was a non-corporate warm hotel with touches not typically seen in big name hotel chains. The smell of the elevator and attention to decorative details strongly reminded me of Europe, simple, not overstated but elegant. The location is great, there was light snow but we walked to the Art Institute, Rush Street, the Theater District, and we're from California where anything below 50 degrees keeps us inside! All I can say is if you are the kind of traveler that wants comfort, class and somewhere unique, stay at the Talbott. Oh yeah, we were in a room that looked down at the construction, we were on the 15th floor and could not hear a sound, it was very quiet.	
Jan 18 2007 	Hotel and staff wonderful	My wife and I and our three teen age children spent a long weekend at the Talbott and had a great time. We had a room with two queen beds that was a nice size and were able to add a roll away bed without being too cramped. The conceriege was great with excellent tips on restaurants and other activities. Easy walk to shopping and also took the subway (a short walk away) to the Bears game. I felt it was reasonably priced and very nice.	
Jan 8 2007 	Bring Earplugs.	In a word - NOISY. A new hotel is being constructed out back. They start at 8 a.m. sharp and don't end until late at night. Every Day. I'd wait until it's done before staying there. If you only need one bed, they can move your room to the front of the hotel where it's not as bad. If you need more than one bed, though, you're out of luck.The hotel is nice, restaurant has very good food and otherwise the stay was fine.	
Dec 25 2006 	Superb service	What a nice experience with a warm and friendly staff, comfortable and clean rooms, and great beds. Even the Aveda bath products were top shelf. Only complaint parking pricey but it is the Big City so no real surprise. Would absolutely stay again!	
Nov 25 2006	Cozy Classy Super value	The Talbott is a really nice hotel and a great value. Located on a quaint street, and a block up from the Four Seasons you are in the heart of great shopping and restuarants. The rooms are well appointed and impeccably clean, bathroom is a bit wee in size but the robes and Aveda products make up for it. This is a boutique hotel so it's small and cozy. The staff was very pleasant and helpful too. I say it beats any name-brand hotel, especially given the location and price. I would go back.	
Nov 11 2006 	An Outstanding Hotel in a Big City	I stayed at the Talbott for 18 days while working at a tradeshow at McCormick Place. I was a little worried - being assigned to a smaller hotel - you just never know - you really have to trust the reviews. Boy was I thrilled. The hotel is on a tree lined street, within a half block of the Four Seasons (that tells you the neighborhood is in fact nice). The best part of Magnificient Mile is two short blocks away - you can see Michigan Avenue from the hotel. The doorman greets you as you arrive. There was one present almost 24 hours a day.When you walk in, there is a small lobby, with a living room style seating area on each side with a fireplace. You immediately get a cozy feeling. I had arrived very early the day of the Chicago Marathon, it was cold, and I was wet from the rain - they got me a room within an hour (was sold out the night before so they really rushed).I had an executive king - a very large room with a huge bathroom with a seperate tub and shower. Aveeda soaps, etc. All the furnishings were new - in good shape, soft bedding and nice carpet. I asked if they had a small refrigerator since I would be there so long, and they brought me one along with a microwave. Day in and day out the service was excellent. From the doorman to the concierge, to the maid, everyone was very pleasant and helpful. One of the front desk attendants knew I liked bananas, and when she was on duty, made sure the fruit bowl with the apples and oranges had bananas also. There was a beautiful but small bar - with gorgeous wood. I was mostly too tired to ever go in. There was fresh coffee - complimentary - each morning, along with the fruit.If I had to nit pick - there are some areas in the hallway to the rooms that could use some touch up paint - after being hit repeatedly by the luggage cart. The food could have been better too, I never ate it, but both my work mates declared it could be better - but I always went out - around the corner to some great Italian food at Pizano's or the other many restaurants on Rush. I rarely eat at hotels - the local food is too good to pass up and since this hotel is so close to everything you can walk out, and turn towards any direction and find good restaurants and shops.This hotel is for people who like small intimate settings, cozy, one on one service with people who remember your name and who don't need loud bars and restaurants, etc. I travel for a living and prefer this style of hotel - I want a quiet place, upscale furnishings and great service. The Talbott delivers. We had almost 50 staff in from all over the country, and the hotel booking service had us in about 10 different hotels. Based on what everyone said about their hotel, and the many I saw when visiting others over the three weeks, I know the Talbott was superior! If I don't get to stay there again the next time, I will be disappointed!I fell in love with Chicago and the Talbott Hotel!	
Nov 6 2006 	Great Little Hotel	This hotel would have received an &quot;excellent&quot; review from me if we didn't have to wait 45 min. (after check-in time) to get our room. HOWEVER - since we were made to wait they upgraded us to a suite! It was fabulous! HUGE room, HUGE bathroom, COMFORTABLE bed &amp; linens, and super CLEAN to boot!The location is great - not spectacular - but it's difficult to get a spectacular location in such a big city with so much to do. It is WAY NORTH so if you want to do anything by the Art Institute/MillenniumPark - or anything south of those places - it's quite a hike if you're walking, but a short cab ride if you're not.It is close to great restaurants and shopping. The valet guys were most helpful, friendly &amp; efficient. The front desk - uh...not so much. They have a nice bar just outside of the lobby (i believe the restaurant is located around the bar but we did not eat there and I didn't really &quot;look around&quot; that area). The elevators are small and slow...not a very big deal...they have stairs too.If you are looking for a nice, relatively inexpensive (for the city), small hotel in a quite area of the city (and I use the word &quot;quiet&quot; in city terms) this is the place for you! We'll definitley be back.	
Oct 6 2006	Great Stay	I recently stayed at the Talbott. At first I was a little apprehensive because some of the reviews rated the service poor. I thought the service was great. Everyone was very nice and actually went out of their way to be helpful. We arrived at 10:30 a.m. and did not have a problem checking in early (2 rooms). They actually upgraded both rooms. The rooms were very clean. I have nothing but good things to say about The Talbott. It is a great value (we paid $199 per night)	
Sep 18 2006	Great experience - except for the front desk	Just spent the weekend at the Talbott. Loved the location - close to everything - as well as the decor of the hotel. The rooms were great, the beds super-comfortable and the service was on the whole, excellent. The older doorman with the great smile was always extremely friendly and helpful as was the young man who was the concierge while we were there. Unfortunately, our dealings with Anna, a young woman at the front desk, put a damper on our weekend but all in all, the experience was a great one and very much worth the money. I would strongly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 15 2006 	Great hotel!	My husband and love this hotel! We had made our reservations in the spring and at the last minute we decided we would like to add a night. When I called the hotel they were more than helpful. We stopped into the bar after a night on the town and had a very pleasant time. The staff was wonderful. We will definitely stay here again.	
Sep 4 2006	What a great hotel!	Don't believe the unfortunate reviews from August--this hotel is wonderful! My family and I (husband and two daughters) just returned from a weekend getaway to Chicago. The hotel is exactly as advertised--but even nicer (how about that!). We went to New York City for spring break this year, and to Europe in June--but our girls thought this was the nicest hotel we've stayed at! The room had two queen beds and was unbelievably spacious. The bathroom was beautiful--tile and granite, with two sinks and a lighted makeup mirror. Housekeeping does a great job, too--everything was so clean.The staff was very friendly and outgoing--even the doorman and the maids said hello and greeted us with a smile. The staff was very helpful, too--any question or request was promptly addressed. We were even able to get to Sunday Mass with easy directions and a current schedule of Masses. The location is perfect--just a few blocks from Michigan Avenue. We never took a taxi, nor any type of transportation. We walked walked walked all day and evening--and felt very safe and comfortable. Great hotel and great stay. I would highly recommend The Talbott and wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.Thanks for a super weekend!	
Aug 16 2006 	Terrible Talbott	I am not much of a complainer, as you can see when reviewing my other posts on this site, but the Talbott provided such bad service that I feel the need to warn future travelers to Chicago:My girlfriend and I stayed at the Talbott for 2 nights in late July 2006. The first sign that something was wrong come during the initial booking of the room over the phone. The receptionist was outright rude, but took the reservation without a mistake. During our stay the hotel and restaurant staff was extraordinary incompetent, the waiters, the managers, nobody was friendly, nor tied to accommodate us.[------------------------]We and many others who stayed at the hotel attended a wedding reception close by and had arranged the hotel bar to remain open from 12-2 to have an after hour’s party. The hotel manager had assured us that this was secured and done in the past upon such occasions. When we returned from the reception at 11:50pm the bar was closing and the night manager and hotel staff were very rude to me and my friends. “Nobody told us, we can’t do anything for you.” “Are you sure that you arranged this?” Two quotes so typical for this hotel’s staff that I know that I will never stay at this hotel again.I understand that mistakes are made and that communication can be difficult across different shifts in a hotel, but blaming the customer so being confused and failing to arrange what I know had been arranged for and was later confirmed by the day staff is too rude even for my taste.[-----] 	
Aug 15 2006 	Talbott was great for anniversary weekend	My wife and I loved the Talbott for our anniversary. It is a smaller hotel, but it was perfect for us. We were upgraded for free to a corner room with a decent view. There was construction outside our window, but could still see the city. The staff was great for us, we requested bath robes and they were there when we got back from dinner hanging in the bathroom. The bathroom was amazing by the way. The location is great too, just a block or two from the hancock building and Michigan Avenue. Some great little shops and stores right close too. We actually walked all the way down past the river and came back to the Navy Pier and never used a cab or drove. Its a fairly long walk to the river walk, but worth it. Parking was easy: $27 a night though. I will definately stay here again if I get the chance. The bad reviews sound like just unfortunate situations, the hotel itself is great so don't base your decision on reviews like that. For a romantic stay, this is a great place.	
Aug 9 2006	Avoid The Talbot	Avoid The Talbot, especially for group functions. My in-laws spent a great deal of time trying to find just the right hotel to use for our wedding party and several out of town guests. They were lured in by promises from The Talbot, that since they were a small boutique hotel that they could provide &quot;special, personal treatment&quot;. Nothing could have been further from the truth. They failed to honor two requests to keep the bar open after our reception, they persistently confused reservation requests, they front desk failed to contact the valet despite multiple requests and nearly caused of my guests, his wife, and his two year old daughter to miss their departing flight. Now the worse part. Mistakes are made, even hotel managers are human, but where a hotel, which is supposed to be in the hospitality service, can distinguish itself is in how they handle and correct the error. Case in point: I had requested on several occasions when I made the reservations for my family that they all be placed under my credit card, all expenses, they assurred me that this would be no problem. Of course, when my brother, his wife, and asthmatic five year old arrived to searing hot and humid Chicago after six hours of travel they wouldn't let them check in until they physically saw my card... again despite them having my card on record, and despite my explaining this to them over the phone. My brother recalls the &quot;indignation&quot; of the desk clerk when he mentioned that the charges were to be put on my card. Then Another guest, in this case my older brother, came by and put the charges onto his card so that the five year old could escape the heat and the prolonged waiting in the lobby. When I finally was able to get across town, leaving a Cubs game early, I again spoke to them about putting all the charges on my account. Again they agreed, but never did anything about it. In the end when my older brother checked out on Sunday he was told everything was alright, but when he went to his ATM his account was frozen from &quot;unathorized overuse&quot;. The hotel kept billing his debit card automatically for multiple charges ubtil his account was essentially drained. When he got home he had to take an entire day off to discuss with his bank how to rectify these events. I spent Sunday afternoon for an hour and three hours on Monday, the first two days of my honeymoon on the phone, calling The Talbot, the credit card fraud division, my brother, etc trying to solve this situation. The most aggregious insults continued to come form the covering manager, who at one point suggested that &quot;I was mistaken about coming back down to talk with the desk clerk about these matters&quot;.... this was a witnessed event, and her insinuation was that I was lying, and that there was no way her clerk could have made a mistake. In the end, there is no one running this place... managers from one department refer you to the manager of another departments voice mail. When I was finally able to get the name of the general manager (after two days)m neither he nor his assistant would ever call back. The communication between the staff and mangement is non-existant.Fortuneatly the staff at the Signature Room (where we had the reception) was beyond excellent so the day was not lost, but the The Talbot went out of its way to insult and poorly serve my family and many of our wedding guests.Try The Ambassador East (same neighborhood) cheaper, much more professional staff.	
Jul 30 2006	Bait and Switch	We reserved a room with a sleeper couch a few weeks before our stay. After checking in and unpacking, we discovered that the sleeper sofa had been removed (supposedly during renovation). The front desk clerk and bellman never mentioned that there was no sleeper sofa even though they saw all 4 of us check into the room. Colleen, one of the managers, was argumentative and did nothing to resolve the problem. We ended up having one of our children sleep on the couch and the other slept on an antiquated rollaway bed. We never spoke to the general manager who was conveniently &quot;absent from the hotel&quot; during most of our stay. We stayed here on more than one occasion over the past decade and had never encountered such incompetence. We had to make several phone calls to receive a miserly discount and we never received an apology. The lack of training of the staff was clearly evident, as was the cavalier attitude of the management.	
Jul 11 2006	Thought the Talbott was great	I'm a fairly frequent recreation traveler and like nice, unique hotes. My criteria for Chicago was a smaller, independent, upscale hotel in a great location. The Talbott definitely fit the bill. The rooms were extremly spacious (we had 2), well appointed and very clean. The bathroom had two sinks, a phone, a very good shower and nice amenities. The beds were very, very comfortable with nice linens. The desk staff (except for one) was extremly helpful and courteous. Even the bellmen went out of their way to be helpful. It is located just two blocks off of Michigan Avenue and was perfect for launching our day yet quiet at night. We did not take an upper floor room with a more interesting view but as long a a room is quiet at night, I'm pretty happy. There is a lovely restaurant that has an outdoor cafe. We just grabbed breakfast there one morning...the other morning we went to Walkers Original Pancake House just 2-3 short blocks away. The morning that I did have breakfast, I was in a rush and they made sure that i was waited on promply and my order came out in a timely manner. There is plenty of shopping, restaurants, bars, etc all around the hotel and the conceirge, Tim, was very helpful in directing us to our destinations or making reservations. There is another concierge who we encountered twice, who I could have done without. While she did did help me, there was always this sense that she was going out of her way to do so. Everything else, I thought, was well above average for a hotel in that price range. When I think back to making our reservation, even the hotel reservaton agent was excellent. Good job Talbott!	
Jun 8 2006	Lovely Boutique Hotel	Just back from a weekend stay at Chicago's Talbot Hotel and we all awarded it high marks for location, ambiance and service. It's locaction between Rush and State streets is ideal just a couple of blocks from the Magnificent Mile, the John Hancock Center and the WaterTower which is a great stop for tourist information and for picking up the Hop on Hop off bus.It has great curb appeal with a lovely outdoor dining area - all cheery yellow tablecloths and cafe umbrellas. We had a great alfresco breakfast, Nutella and banana crepes.Like most boutique hotels the lobby is small but it's charming - lots of leather couches and antiques ( including a score of French horns) and sort of an English Club look and feel. Great lobby bar but terrible Cosmopolitans and the house wines need to be upgraded.Our room was clean, attractive,very spacious and with two large windows it was flooded with sunshine.The bathroom was a decent size with double sink, a make-up mirror (my favorite amenity) and Aveda toiliteries. The bathtub was a bit shabby and the water pressure didn;t allow for an invigorating shower. No complaints on the beds - comfortable enough.We found the service to be good despite a glitch at check-in. Gene the conciegre was so accomodating and delivered great advice and some terrific dinner reservations on Saturday nightWe'll return.	
May 18 2006	Very Pleasant	My daughter and I stayed at the hotel from May 7 through May 10th. After we were checked in we were introduced to Stephanie the concierge. She gathered information from us about our trip and directed us on things to do. Stephanie you're great. We had a corner King and it was large. The bathroom was wonderful with the double sink. There was only one bathrobe on the hanger in the bathroom. We went sight seeing for several hours and were pleasantly surprised to find another bathrobe in our room. The doormen were fantastic and I hope Roger is there the next time we stay. The location was great and the rooms were quiet. The housekeeping staff was great. Thank you thank you thank you for a wonderful stay.	
May 10 2006 	Enjoyed the Talbott and would return	This hotel was overall a great stay. I was here for three nights on a business trip. First, the location is excellent. A block from Magnificent Mile on the same block as the Four Seasons, that should give you an idea of the excellent location. Service was outstanding in every way. Staff very friendly and accomodating. Only complaint about the hotel would be the room itself. The bathroom was fantastic (marble, new fixtures, very bright) but the actual bedroom part could use some updating. I felt like the bedspreads had been in use for 15 years. The furniture was dated and the beds felt like they were made in 1985 and made me miss Marriott's Revive bedding. However, I hear they are updating all the rooms and they just had not gotten to mine yet. If this is true (and some construction evidence like blankets on elevator walls would indicate that is is) then the Talbott would be a perfect ten.Overall, recommended.	
May 3 2006	Excelllent Choice in Prime Neighborhood	We stayed for 5 nights in late April. The hotel lobby is very attractive; the guest rooms well above average. We opted for a 'superior corner room', and were happy, but I peeked in several standard rooms and they would have been just as good. All rooms I saw have 2 comfortable easy chairs. Bathrooms are large, clean and well appointed. The entire staff was pleasant. It was an intimatre experience. After a day the staff knew us. Two excellent concierges (Gene &amp; Stephanie), one too officious (Tim). Great location near the lake, very serene neighborhood, but only 2 blocks from Mich. Ave. It is expensive ($310 per night including tax). As in every hotel in every country the light bulbs are too low in wattage (why??). Have breakfast at Cafe Tempo 1 block north of the hotel. I can't beleive the firstt very negative review. We had no problem with noise or intrusive staff. Construction in a hotel can ruin an experience. Maybe that was it.	
Apr 4 2006	Talbott is tops	Well located hotel, between State and Michigan Ave in the Maginicent Mile. We had a corner suite. Very clean with a King size bed, a seating area with two armchairs.Plenty of space.Good size bathroom with plenty of towels, lotions, hair dryer and the use of a bath robe. All the staff were very pleasant and helpful. About the only complaint would be that the continental buffet runs until 11:00am, at 1 minute to 11:00 it disappears and even though you have arrived prior to 11, forget it.	
Feb 27 2006	Fraud alert	I called the Talbott for price and avaiability in april 05 for a stay in Chicago in Oct 05. I was asked for my credit card # and assured I would not be charged until I made the actual reservation. I was then charged in Oct for one days stay {$241.00} on my credit card. no reservation was made, and no contact with the hotel to show any transaction had occurred. Now I am still working with my credit card to have this removed. never stayed at hotel, just a bad transaction.	
Feb 23 2006 	Felt Like Grandma's House	The Talbott feels very warm and glows with history. The dark wood walls and fireplaces in the lobby are such a transition stepping in off the bustling street. It's like you've arrived Grandma's -- cozy, comforting, and OOOOOHHHHH the food. I can't remember the name of the dish, but try the oriental salad with steak. Wow, delicious!! The staff is friendlier than any I've encountered. During my stay, the staff were donning these new communication devices that allowed them to reach anyone in the hotel. They said they were using them to improve their customer service. Well, it worked!! Responsive, friendly, VERY attentive. I'll stay there again and again and again.	
Jan 18 2006	great place	we had a great, very large 1 bedroom suite, for very reasonable rate. Service was good but they don't valet after certain hours and you have to park your car yourself. Otherwise, folks were very helpful.	
Jan 13 2006	Terrific Talbott	I recently stayed at the Talbott Hotel (just off Rush and 1.5 blocks from the &quot;Magnificent Mile&quot;). This is a small boutique hotel in a terrific location within easy walking distance of the John Hancock Center and shopping on Michigan Avenue.From the moment I exited the cab, I was superbly treated by the entire staff, from the doorman to the bartender to the concierge. The property is beautifully appointed, exceedingly clean and well maintained. At half the price of the nearby Four Seasons, this property is a bargain.I have a new favorite hotel in Chicago!	
Jan 4 2006	Nice Choice for Chicago	We really liked this hotel. It was very clean and tidy, the room was quite spacious, and the staff was friendly. The location was extremely convenient to shopping and good dining. The free cookies and coffee in the afternoon were excellent. The bed was great, the bathroom was modern and nice. My only complaint was that the concierge seemed a bit overwhelmed all the time, but when you finally could talk to them they were helpful. It's pricey, but a bargain compared to its neighbors and typical big-city prices.	
Oct 17 2005	Don't choose the Talbot	Great front desk staff, the rest of the experience was dreadful. The room service staff have to be among the most poorly trained I have ever encountered. We had to ask FOUR times for the staff not to slam the supply closet, adjacent to our room (almost in the room itself). They do these random room checks for the minibar, as if the entire budget hinged on the sale of a can of $9 peanuts. The roomservice is also equipped with walkie-talkies as loud as megaphones. If you like sleeping in on your vacation, don't stay here. Also, the hotel was under massive construction, a detail that was conveniently excluded from the website. SO we had to take the elevator with construction workers just about every time we used it. No discount because of the work and noise. I'd rather sleep in a box in the alley.	
Oct 8 2005	Friendly Little Boutique Hotel	I just returned from Chicago with a girlfriend. The Talbott was a very nice place to stay. It is a smaller hotel, but it has the best service. It is the kind of place where everyone knows your name and wants you to have the best experience possible. The conceirge was so helpful getting us into the best restraunts on a last minutes notice, also finding us Oprah tickets! They also printed up my boarding pass, delivered it to my room and did not charge me for their service. They do not nickel and dime you for everything at this hotel. The rooms were very spacious and clean, nice Aveada products in the bathroom and it stayed at a very comfortable temperature. We had 2 queen beds and had plenty of room to move around. It is a short 1.5 blocks from all the shopping and food on Michigan Ave. The American Girl Store was very close by and a must for people with little girls in their lives. The only downsides I can think of is the view from our window was not very great but it was no big deal for us because we only looked outside once. Also there are only 2 elevators so if it was very busy you may have to wait, but we did not have a problem with that. Overall, we were very pleased with our choice to stay there. It was a very intimate hotel and we felt very at home. We cannot wait to go back there for more shopping and fun.	
Oct 6 2005	Quality Down Rates UP Typical Syndrome	Any traveler who is loyal to a favorite hotel has experienced this sad truth: eventually the lodging deteriorates. But you do not expect the price to double and triple at the same time!I have been staying at the Talbott for several decades.Yes, changes have been made, like the updated heating and cooling systems and the front entrance, most recently.But other things have gone downhill. For the last several stays I have experienced very dirty carpets and slow service.Rates have skyrocketed and now they are asking for 3 night minimum stays on many occasions. This is the kind of rate structure one might expect from the 5 star hotels within spitting distance of The Talbott, but not this less-than-maintained lodging.I, personally, am shopping for a new home away from home.	
Aug 30 2005	A wonderful experiance!	We booked at another hotel a block away and spent a unhappy night. We walked over to the Talbott and the courtiest staff showed us a room and we booked the rest of our stay.The room was very attractive and well furnished with double sinks in the bathroom. The tub is large and the shower a pleasure. The location was quiet as requested.The staff was always cheerful and very helpful. Tim and Stephanie provide excellent concierge services! The breakfast at the Basil Cafe is a great way to start the day.We travel a lot and appreciate the ambiance of a good hotel. I would highly recommend the Talbott for your stay.	
Aug 29 2005 	Cozy and wonderful!	I loved the Talbott! Everything was wonderful. The staff was very friendly and went out of their way to make my stay enjoyable. They have two fireplaces in the cozy lobby and the BEST hot cocoa I have ever had! They don't have a business center but they do have wireless internet. I will be staying at the Talbott again this October.	
Aug 22 2005	The Talbott is Fabulous	Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Talbott. This was our first visit there, and I can honestly say that I wouldn't stay at any other hotel in Chicago. From when we first were greated by the bell captain until our final departure, the staff was nothing less than amazing, always greeting with a smile and can I help you attitute. The room we had (1508) was very spacious and comfortable. The bed was probably the most comfortable that my wife and I have ever slept in (including the Four Seasons). Had great breakfasts and drinks at Basil's. You would be missing a fantastic experience, if you didn't stay at the Talbott.	
Aug 13 2005	Very nice European-style hotel with wonderful location	We loved the Talbott. The location was fabulous...very close to the shopping. The hotel is smaller, but the rooms are very nice. They are very spacious and are able to be darkened to sleep well. Also, the beds are some of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. I might also add that our room at queen beds.The staff is all friendly and puts them themselves out for you. The hotel has a cute outdoor eating area on the sidewalk that has flowers, etc. It looks like a scene out of Europe.I would highly recommend the hotel. We were there with our daughters; ages 10 and 13.	
Aug 8 2005	Great Hotel Great Location	After looking over several other hotel reviews in the same area we decided on The Talbott and were not disappointed. Our room was nicer than the picture shown on the web site. We had previously stayed at the Knickerbocker a year ago and the price this year was $100 more per night than we had paid in '04. The rate we got at the Talbott was fair and now we'll never go back to the Knickerbocker. Our room was comfortable and spacious, well maintained. The only minor, and I mean very minor, flaw with our room was that it was so big that the TV was a little bit too far away from the bed, but as I said, that's a very minor criticism. The staff were all very efficient and courteous. The location is great. It's within walking distance to lots of shopping on Michigan Ave and many restaurants in all price ranges. We would definitely stay at the Talbott again.	
Jul 17 2005	We always stay at the Talbott	I'm posting this review years after our stay but only recently discovered trip advisor. I won't write reviews for all the hotels we have visited but felt compelled to let readers know about the Talbott. Everything about our stay exceeded our expectations. It's a great location, our room was large and quiet. But the staff really made the difference. Some luxury hotels employ a concierge staff that seem annoyed when you ask for help. Some are willing to help but are aloof. The Talbott staff looked for ways to help us. When we checked in we mentioned to the front desk that since it was late we would like to go down the street for a quick meal at the cheesecake factory. The concierge overheard us and, after we had checked in, caught our attention as we were leaving for dinner. He gave us his card and told us to give it to the restaurant and it might cut some time off our wait. The concierge went even further and actually called the cheesecake factory to let them know we were coming. The couple in front of us was told there was a 45 minute wait. We waited only 5 minutes with the concierge's card and call. The great service continued throughout the long weekend and we will always stay at the Talbott when we travel to Chicago.	
Jun 22 2005	Love the Talbott!	Location, location, location. What a great find! Excellent, well-run, small boutique-type hotel on a tree-lined street near all the action without being in the oppressive crunch of it. Rooms are good-sized and clean; good bed and shower with tub. The air conditioner, as mentioned in other reviews, is noisy, but it's a minor complaint. The staff is simply wonderful and attentive from housecleaning to concierge. The on site restaurant is great. The red-line El is about 3-4 blocks away which makes getting around the city a breeze. You are footsteps away from Rush Street and North Michigan Avenue and Lake Michigan. I would not have a moment's hesitation booking at this hotel again in the future; in fact, I wouldn't book anywhere else.	
Jun 2 2005 	Alright for the Price	Firstly, I paid $175CAD a night. For the price, it was not bad. I would not pay any more for this hotel though, as other hotels that are significantly nicer are not that much more. The hotel has a nice classical European charm. Was clean. Staff were friendly and helpful, and as stated, the construction in the lobby is pretty much finished. One thing to note is that soundproofing is nonexistant. You can literally hear everything that goes on in the hallways, upstairs, and beside you.	
May 31 2005	Marvelous!	Hotel staff was incredibly friendly. Room was large and clean with Aveda products in the marble bathroom. The hotel is a small European boutique style property. The location is perfect and only a couple of blocks from the heart of Michigan Avenue's world famous shopping. The bed was comfortable. The rooms have a window air-conditioner unit which takes a bit to get used to. The value of the hotel is incredible and overall I would recommend anyone to stay here if you are looking for a quaint, luxury, and fair priced hotel.	
May 31 2005	Nice people bad room	Just back from spending Memorial Day weekend in Chicago. We decided to stay at the Talbott, and we reserved a room there over a month ago. I must say that we found the staff to be wonderful, but the accommodations to be quite disappointing. We were given room #1605. Avoid this room at all costs! The adjacent elevator is so noisy that it will keep you awake most of the night (and then awaken you at 6 AM). In addition, we had requested a king bed, and #1605 has two doubles. We were also surprised that there was no coffee maker in the room. Despite the very friendly staff and its super location, the Talbott was less than what we expected, and we would probably not stay there again.	
May 29 2005	Perfect location services and suite	My husband and I stayed at the Talbott for close to a week in Mid-May, 2005; we booked based on an extensive review of comments on Trip Advisor. The constuction at the hotel is continuing, but we reaped the benefits of a recently renovated upper-floor suite, and were NEVER inconvenienced by the renovations. We positively loved our enormous King Suite! A King bedroom with TV, spacious closet..a dressing bench at the foot of the bed made a wonderful perch for gazing north from 2 sunny windows. The bathroom was a suite in itself - marble-tiled shower, 2 vanities, 1 with bench, a deep soaking tub with European hand-held spray, and a separate WC. Posh robes, and a warm-air circulation system also made for a treat could never hope to have in my own home! Add a living room with 2 comfy chairs, a pull-out sofa, TV, and 3 huge windows with eastern and southern views. My husband had to bring his laptop to check his email each day - a free WiFi converter was appreciated. &quot;His&quot; huge desk was in a nook off the living room, and also had a wet bar. Perry, who greeted us at Valet and took us to our suite also arranged for us to have a mini-fridge, which was greatly appreciated and much-used. All the windows have nice blinds that allowed for &quot;blackout&quot; on the mornings we wished to sleep in...and the 2 central AC control panels kept our rooms the perfect temps. The entire hotel staff was gracious, knowledgable, and housekeeping very quiet. Only exception was &quot;K*****&quot; (you know who you are) on the Reservation desk, she got snippy with me when she couldn't find my reservation. I hung up, redialed, got Ramona, as well as a smiling voice and the answer I was looking for. The Talbott is the PERFECT location to see the North Side of Chicago, with easy access to the Red Line buses and El. Hint - purchase a Visitor's Pass from the white machines in the El stations - don't use the same machines as the comuters! We were in walking distance to the Hancock Tower (go at sunset!) Mag Mile, and the lake. A very nice grocery, Potash Market, is on State just south of the hotel - salad bar, deli, hot food cases, beer, wine, liquor, plus all the regular groceries; a 7-11 is next door, and a large Walgreens' is 1 block north. For an inexpensive but full breakfast or lunch, try Johnny's on State...the Tempo Cafe was also suggested. So many restaurants and pubs if you head North on State a couple blocks, at the convergance of Rush - all walking distance! Concierge Gene got us in at the Saloon Steakhouse at the Seneca Hotel - our meal was fantastic! We ate at 8:30, and unfortunately the heavy cigar smoke from about 9:30 on drifted across our table and ruined our dessert as well as our mood. Eat earlier, or reserve a table FAR AWAY from the bar if this would bother you also. We found that the middle-aged white male in Chicago is still very taken with the nasty tendancy to foul up the world around them with their oral-fixation on cigars, not sure who they are trying to impress, but we walked out of quite a few establishments so that our clothes and respiratory systems weren't put in a putrid, dismal state. WAKE UP MEN AND BUSINESS OWNERS - we live in DC, and frequently travel to NYC, Baltimore, and we don't have the problem of cigar smoke when enjoying a meal or a drink in those big cities. I don't foul your air with noise or odor, don't foul mine! A great sports pub is Mother Hubbards, on Hubbard Street just east of State. Huge place, clear air, good prices and pub menu. Spent quite a few hours in front of their numerous TV's :) The only reason you would need a car in Chicago is tour tour Oak Park, the home of the Frank Lloyd Wright Home &amp; Studio. It's a DO NOT MISS day-trip if you're in construction, architecture, or interior design. The entire neighborhood is a gem, you'll spend all day wandering up and down streets...call ahead to make sure of tour times, as you can't get in unless you take a guided tour. We had a nice lunch at Erik's Deli in downtown Oak Park - great salad bar, with huge hot-and-cold menu. Plenty of other cafes and bistros if that's a preference. There is an Enterprise Rental station on State Street just south of Delaware - we'd rent a car just for one day rather than driving from the airport next time we're in town. There is a convenient train station at Midway - Orange Line - takes about 30 minutes to transfer to the Red Line at Marshall Fields, then exit the Chicago Ave station for a 2-block walk to the Talbott. The only problem we had with cab drivers was 1 dropped us off in front of Soldier Field, when we repeatedly asked for the Aquarium. We gave up, hopped out, and flagged down another cab driver rather than walk 1 mile up hill. But all the other drivers were friendly, courteous, and the cabs were very clean. A nice change from the NYC cab experience! The beluga whales at the aquarium were mesmerizing; but all the little kids on school tours drove us insane. Go as late in the afternoon as you can, but still allow 2 hours or more to get through. Navy Pier was...well, a mall. We did thoroughly enjoy the Architecture Tour on the river.Definately - Stay At The Talbott! It's an experience you won't find at any chain hotel :) Two 40-something, well-seasoned travellers from Washington, DC	
May 25 2005	Great location and staff fine rooms	Was just there for a night in late May. The good news is that the construction is wrapping up - you still can only go in and out through the side door, but the lobby is in good shape. The location is excellent, wireless internet is free, and they provide free passes to a very good fitness center with a full sized pool a short walk away.It was not warm enough to use the window air conditioners, but having them meant that any noise from outside was audible in the room. But once it got late, things were fairly quiet in the neighborhood. The rooms are just okay - could use better lighting and the furniture is a little outdated, but the amenities are good.The staff was incredibly nice - I would go back.	
May 18 2005	Very comfortable hotel	We stayed at The Talbott for one week in May. This is a small European style boutique hotel in the heart of downtown Chicago. The room was spacious with 2 queen size beds, 2 large comfortable chairs, a large desk and lovely bathroom with 2 sinks and other amenities. Very clean hotel. The staff including the doormen and concierges were most helpful and friendly. Room service was fast and the food was good and reasonably priced for a downtown hotel. Wonderful location, walking distance to shopping on Michigan Avenue and the Magnificient Mile. Well worth considering for a stay in Chicago which by the way is a lovely, clean city. What a nice surprise that was!	
May 16 2005	Talott is The place!	As first time tourists to Chicago, we chose the Talbott and were not disappointed. Our corner suite was roomy, clean and had a great marble bathroom with his and hers sinks and a great tub for soaking. There was plenty of room and the room temperature was controlled by a new thermostate system with two controls, one in the bedroom and one in the living area and they worked perfectly. The construction did take away a bit from the lobby area, but the the bar was still cosey and the completion date is just around the corner, I think. Location is perfect for tourists, none better for the price in the city. If you go there, call Stephanie Leese first and she will make any arrangements you desire and her suggestions were perfect. She even called our room on her day off to be sure we were happy with our schedule. It was our anniversary weekend and at every restaurant she referred us to we were given complimentary desserts and happy anniversary wishes. Some waiters even spoke to us by name which added a nice personal touch. We will stay at the Talbott again on our next visit. The staff were very personal and quite friendly for a major city hotel. We really loved this place.	
May 14 2005 	Just okay	Stayed at The Talbott for two nights with my husband and although it wasn't terrible, I expected better. The construction was a pain and made the lobby pretty smelly and dusty. Our room was okay but a looked a little battered with lots of nicks on the woodwork and scratches on the walls. Also had problems with the room temperature--it got very warm at night and the air conditioner didn't seem to work very effectively.	
May 13 2005 	Treated Like Family	My husband and I stayed at the Talbott for our first visit to Chicago. We are dying to go back! We are snobby New Yorkers, but not TOO snobby to worry about how long a room takes to be cleaned and no shelf in the shower. Don't people go out?Anyway we checked in and were taken upstairs. The room was nice but I wasn't so happy with the view. I said to the bellman &quot;nice room, the view's ok&quot;. Well 5 minutes after he left our phone rang. The girl at the front desk told us she'd like to move us to a room with a better view. Apparently the bellman expressed my reaction and they got right on it. Our second room was charming. Think old-school Manhattan/Brooklyn apartments. The bathroom was great- double sinks, heated tiles, AVEDA products AND a shelf in the shower! The personel are courteous and make you feel like you are the only one staying at the hotel. We had many a conversation with each concierge enjoying their open friendly personalities and wealth of knowledge. The hotel is located in a great area- easy to get around everywhere and safe at night. If you do stay there make sure to buy a Chicago White Sox cap and wear it in front of Stephanie the concierge and wathc her reaction. By the way if you like Jazz this is the city for you. Go to the Green Mill and the Velvet Lounge. They aren't swanky places but the do what they are supposed to do- play good music. Also hit the Russian Tea Time across from the Chicago Art Institute to have great latkes and blintzes.	
May 11 2005 	Hmmm ok hotel . . . I guess	I normally stay at the Omni Chicago or Renaissance . . . so Talbott is no comparison. Good things are: Staff is very helpful and friendly, location is only 1 block from Rush St &amp; add another block for Michigan Ave., internet is free, the room is very clean and all amneties are in the room. What I was not so impressed with . . . I had a view of an alley, the furniture and look of hotel is very very aged and not impressive. And the worst, I had an A/C window unit that was so loud it kept me up through the night and it was too hot to turn it off!Overall, I had no icky experiences and for those who are tourists whom will not be in the hotel very much but want to be in the middle of the action, not a bad hotel to stay in, but maybe not as enjoyable for frequent business travelers who strive for somewhat upscale really comfy suites. I travel to Chicago monthly, and I booked at Talbott to save just a little money on the hotel, I am going back to the modern, Omni Chicago, it is not that much more at all, really.	
Apr 19 2005	Just Back from the Talbott	Just returned from a 2 day stay at the Talbott. I booked after reading the reviews on this site and after staying there I'm not sure how it rated as #9 in the popularity rating for Chicago Hotels. The location in great - I had a meeting in the area and could have stayed at the Sofitel for the same rate that I paid at the Talbott - but I've stayed at the Sofitel before and wanted to try something different. I'm not sure that I'd make that choice again. The hotel is undergoing renovation which includes the main entrance, the lobby and some of the floors. I had a corner deluxe room which was large - it had a king bed, desk and two easy chairs. The room itself had plenty of room but it looked tired. The bathroom was great it had been recently remodeled - it had a double sink and great counter space - the only complaint is that the tub/shower lacked any kind of shelf or soap dish. There are only about 10 rooms on each floor and the hallways were nothing special - once again it may be due to the renovation in progress but the floor I was on was extremely tired and dark. Other complaints included the heat/airconditioning and the room lighting. Since the seasons were beginning to change it was cool at night but warm during the day. Heat was supplied by an old iron radiator hidden under a radiatior cover - it's a good thing it was hidden - it was pretty nasty looking. To regulate the heat you had to lift the cover and turn the valve (not an easy thing to do in the middle of the night without getting burned). Once the heat started it never stopped. To cool the room there was a residential room type air conditioner mounted through the wall and a newer air conditioning unit with a thermostat that had a sign on it saying it was not yet operational - in any event I had all three going most days and nights and it was almost impossible to get the room to a comfortable temperature. I would assume once the new system with the thermostat is working - that things will improve. The lighting in the room was below average - it seemed that the lamps had been equipped with energy saving bulbs that didn't thrown off enought light. The staff was friendly - especially the doorman. Everything said I'd give the Talbott a B-	
Apr 17 2005	What a dump!	If location is the only thing that matters, stay at the Talbott. However, my wife and I have travelled extensively throughout North America and Europe, and I have never, in my entire life, seen such an inept housekeeping staff. They are unprofessional, noisy, incompetent and better suited for a one star hotel. They were yelling in the halls, slamming doors, and taking far too long to clean each room. They come to your room several times to check the fridge where they sell bottles of water for $3. The hotel was being renovated when we were staying there so we also had to endure the construction work - no discount was offered even after we complained several times. The front desk staff was very polite, but who cares?They're supposed to be nice. I spent a lot of money to stay here and did not feel that I received a fair deal. The room was sub-par for the price, even for an inner city hotel. Stay somewhere else and have a better vacation.	
Apr 17 2005	Great place	We spent a wonderful two nights at the Talbot, everyone was very helpful and pleasant. They are undergoing construction inside and out so you may want to ask for a discount when you book because they do not tell you this when you do. It is in a great location and has a very warm and friendly bar when the construction crews quit for the evening. I would stay here again even with the construction.SPM	
Mar 16 2005	The Best Kept Secret in Chicago	After our second stay at the Talbott, we are convinced that there is no other place to stay when in Chicago. The service is impeccable, the rooms are comfortable and the location is great. The Talbott is just a couple of blocks from the Magnificent Mile and all of its activities (read shopping). The neighborhood has a great selection of restaurants (the Thai restaurant across the street has good food at great low prices), and is great for strolling. I would not hesitate to recommend the Talbott!	
Jan 23 2005	Staff is wonderful; nice room too.	We stayed at The Talbott for the second time, and liked it as much as we did before. It's really the staff that makes this hotel: from the doorman to the bartender to the concierge--everyone seems to want you to have a great time in Chicago. It's a wonderful location, just off Michigan Avenue, but on a (relatively) quiet residential street; it's close to shopping, restaurants, the lake. The bar is cozy and the staff friendly; the food is just okay, but there are many good restaurants within walking distance. I would give the hotel another star if the heating system were better. Even though we turned the radiator down as much as possible, we still had to turn on the fan and open the window (during a blizzard!) to make the room comfortable for sleeping.	
Jan 4 2005	THE place to stay in Chicago!	I went to Chicago December 5th-7th with a girlfriend to see the exhibit of Jacqueline Kennedy's clothes at the Field Museum. We stayed at the Talbott because I had stayed there before (last April), and a friend had recommended it to my friend. We both loved it!!!! It was decorated for the holidays and looked absolutely beautiful! Lots of poinsettias, decorated trees and greenery. It truly is one of the most charming hotels I have ever stayed at in Chicago or anywhere else! We each had an oversized room with a king-size bed. The marble bathroom was well-stocked with Aveeda products. There was a small sitting area with two comfortable chairs facing the TV. They do have a problem at the Talbott with no central airconditioning or heat, but the bellboy told me that they will be working on changing all of that during the slow winter months...which will be a good thing. I had a large closet, and there was an umbrella available. The best part of the service (and everyone there is very friendly and helpful!) was the fabulous brownies that were available in the lobby every evening! I do agree that there is a lot of noise coming off the streets. Yes, the rooms are dark, but the trash truck started pick-ups about 5 AM one morning which woke me up. We were on the second floor, so we probably had more noise than the upper floors. BUT there isn't a hotel in Chicago with any more charm, and the Talbott is the only hotel that I want to stay at when I travel to Chicago!	
Dec 16 2004	The Talbott was great.	My wife and I travel from Michigan to Chicago every year for holiday shopping and have stayed at numerous hotels. The Talbott beats them all. Great room for the price, updated with new carpet, new bathrooms, new wallpaper. Excellent location. We were able to shop at Water Tower and off-load our goodies in the room before travelling up the &quot;Mile&quot;. Concierge was helpful as were the people at the desk. We will return as soon as possible.	
Nov 24 2004	Very Nice Very English	We travelled to Chicago from Mass. with our 15 month-old son for a wedding. We selected the Talbott Hotel because they had a great web-rate, really good reviews, and seemed like a small yet high-service hotel. All turned out to be accurate. We called prior to the trip and requested an early check-in which was no problem for the hotel. We arrived at 12pm and were ushered to our 1 bedroom suite, with sitting room, after being greeted by Everyone in the lobby! The suite was comfortable, well-decorated, and QUIET. The bathroom was huge and beautiful. The enitre STAFF - from concierge to housekeeping - IS INCREDIBLE! They are so helpful and friendly! The room-service menu is very limited but we had breakfast in the restaurant and it was fresh and delicious, as well as being served while we relaxed on sofas and comfy chairs! At any rate, there are so many great restaurants and services available within blocks of the hotel that it seems a minor detail. We were able, for instance, to go up a block to the Walgreens for formula and diapers, over 3 blocks for pancakes, and down 2 blocks for shopping and dinner. The Doormen are super-valuable sources of information in terms of where to go/ what to see/ how to get there, etc. They really know their town and are wonderful people. We had a GREAT visit and were really happy with our selection of the Talbott Hotel!	
Nov 24 2004 	very nice definitely recommended	Actually, I would give this hotel four and a half dots--borderline five dots. I would definitely recommend the Talbott if you like simple elegance from a bygone era where everyone greeted you and there was a sense of (dare I say it?) community.I stayed at the Talbott for four nights in Nov 2004. I have stayed in Chicago many times but always in the Loop. This was the first time I stayed in the Gold Coast area. The Talbott is very charming. It was an old apartment building and as such, there are only about 8 or so rooms per floor. There are only two elevators serving 16 floors, but the maximum wait time in the lobby was only a couple of minutes. The lobby is slipt into two sections, both of which are very small, but nice. Everything is warm and the cozy and warm and the staff is very friendly. Even the other guests are cordial and smiling (for the most part), so it's really quite a pleasant change from the big corporate hotels. The Talbott is so close to everything, including the CTA red line stations, and you can easily walk to the Water Tower, Mag Mile, Grant Park, and the Loop. I had no idea it would be so convenient in this regard. It is right behind the 900 North Michigan shops, but it is all tucked away quite nicely on a quiet tree-lined street. I was given a room on the top floor and it was very spacious and comfortable. The view is nice but not breathtaking. I had a problem with one of the curtains but it was fixed very promptly. One of the desk chairs in the room was also very loose and wobbly, but overall it was no big deal. I would have liked to have seen a sofa rather than two arm chairs, but the room was more than adequate. The bathroom amenities are also quite nice. A couple of things to keep in mind:There is a lot of nightlife in the area and there are a lot of noises coming from the street, particularly along N. Rush St. well into the wee hours on weekends. If you are a light sleeper this could be a problem. Part of the problem is the A/C is wall mounted and there is basically a hole in the wall that the street sounds can travel through. The heater/radiator is also quite old but concealed under a cover. It makes an odd pinging sound now and again but never bothered me enough to be a problem.If you like to sleep in complete darkness you will love it here. When all the blinds were drawn closed the room was pitch black. You will sleep until 12 noon and it will still be pitch black! So set your alarm because your body clock/circadian rhythm will be off and you will not be woken up by the sun!I think it's kind of silly to have a key for the mini bar since the housekeeping staff can open it anyway, and honestly who is going to come in and steal a can of juice?Checking in and checking out were both a breeze.So, to sum up: the Talbott is a simple, comfortable hotel that draws its inspiration from old style American charm where people care about where they are staying. That's the impression I got anyway. There are no gimmicks or flashy extras. The staff is great and the place is definitely worth a look. I did not have a chance to visit the bar or the restaurant so I cannot comment, but they seem to be very popular. As for me I would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 23 2004	Excellent room and guest services	The hotel is lovely and you can't have a more central location in the city. The staff exceeded my expectations in providing everything I would need to have a comfortable stay. Will highly recommend to friends and colleagues	
Oct 24 2004 	Great hotel very well located	Stayed there during 7 nights last september.Great little hotel with very large room. The rooms are a bit dusty though.Service is good and people are helpful.Loved the free wireless internet.Location is fantastic just behind watertower and next to the &quot;restaurant district&quot;.I would have expeceted a gesture for staying 7 nights but did not get any special treatment.Good value for money.	
Oct 11 2004 	great little hotel	My husband and I just returned from 4 days/3nights at the Talbott Hotel in Chicago. I booked it based on reviews in Trip Advisor and was not one bit disappointed. The location is perfect, on a quiet little street 2 blocks from Michigan Ave. Service was impeccable, from the front desk staff to the concierge to the bellmen and housekeeping. Everyone was pleasant and efficient and seemed to genuinely want their guests to enjoy their stay. We requested non-smoking and had a good sized, spotless room with 2 comfortable chairs for relaxing and a beautiful bathroom(with robes &amp; lighted makeup mirror). The view sucked (we overlooked a parking lot), but that was a minor flaw considering the other amenities. A small fridge(instead of the &quot;honor bar&quot;) would have been appreciated also. We took advantage of the health club passes, another great feature of staying at the Talbott. The club was close and very nice with towels and lockers provided. We enjoyed walking around the neighborhood and being so close to everything else we wanted to do. While we were waiting for our shuttle back to the airport we killed some time in the bar, Basil's, which was pricey but very comfortable with a sidewalk cafe. All in all, I was impressed with the Talbott &amp; would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 1 2004	My Favorite Hotel	I love The Talbott Hotel! Here is proof that big city lodging can merge with personal attention and pride in excellence. The Talbott is perfectly located in the center of all the Magnificent Mile wonderland, but just a few blocks off the noisy Michigan Ave.. ...this tucked-away spot makes this a peaceful haven. The doormen are attentive, the concierges knowledgable and accessible, the front desk folks friendly and professional. The rooms are modern/updated, clean as a whistle, quiet and comfortable. Rates are extremely reasonable, and the online reservation rate is frequently downright scary...it's so low! But fear not...the hotel is terrific.I don't think the restaurant is as great as the hotel, but good eats are around every corner. I highly recommend The Talbott Hotel. And I'm not the only one....the long list of rave reviews on TripAdvisor tells the true tale.	
Aug 29 2004	interesting find	What can I say about this place. It is the best deal in downtown chicago. It is two blocks from Michigan Ave. It is on a quiet little street to get away from the hussle and bussle. The hotel and staff are first class. It is a small hotel that is top notch. It is usually quite a bit cheaper than most of the hotels in it's quality range. Definitely give this place a try if you want a first class hotel for your stay in downtown chicago.	
Jul 31 2004	Like a small European Hotel	From check in time to check out time my husband 2 daughters, and myself felt welcomed and treated brilliantly. The door people were the loveliest and Kevin the bartender was great. We can't say enough about Gene the Concierge who organised babysitting and a lovely dinner and jazz listening. The room was perfect for 4 and the Aveda products awesome. We'll be back!	
Jul 30 2004	Great Home in the Heart of the City	If you are looking for an intimate, upscale home in the heart of Chicago, you can't go wrong at the Talbott. The hotel staff is both friendly and helpful. The rooms and suites are well appointed, comfortable and well-kept. You get complimentary use of a world-class fitness center a few blocks away. Best of all, the value is extraordinary. My wife and travel for business all the time. We are so tired of cookie-cutter accommodations. Both of us loved the Talbott and we think you will too!	
Jul 23 2004	Loved it !!!!!!!!!	This hotel is wonderful ! The location and price are the greatest. Two things to watch, the rooms have window unit air conditioners and ours worked the opposite way, we had to call maintenance and they informed us of what to do also, we found later the shower controls were backwards as well ! Maybe, we just had a backwards room !!!!!!! The staff was fantastic and catered to our every need. They do not have ice machines on every floor so you have to call room service for a bucket of ice but this truly was not a problem. Stay here ! It is great !	
Jul 7 2004	Great experience	I have stayed at the Talbott three times and found each stay very comfortable and very affordable! The staff is friendly and accomodating. It definately has a European flavor. A great location and a great place to relax!	
Jul 5 2004	nice but not perfect	The Talbott is nice hotel in a nice location, the only problem that I had was that I was given a smoking room. I am a doctor who gets asthma and have had two family members die of lung cancer, so I have a pretty visceral reaction to smoke. I can't stand the smell of it. When I called to change my room they stated that it was on the reservation, which I find pretty hard to believe. I was told that there wouldn't be a room available until the next day. Then the next day I left my bags packed and left the room as soon as I could, only to return to the same smoking room!Otherwise the hotel is nice, in a european way. good location. The parking is expensive ($36 a day,) but that is probably because of the location.	
Jun 20 2004	An AMAZING and economical find!	The Talbott was fabulous. It was cozy and elegant. It made my husband and I feel like we were rich guests with our own concierge. They treat you like royalty. The rooms were gorgeous and the staff was SO kind. Gene is wonderful if you can get him. Stay there and be impressed. It made for a romantic weekend!	
Jun 17 2004	Taken care of at the Talbott	The Talbott was perfect! We were greeted by Jason, a kind an very helpful employee who instantly accomidated our every need and more. The concierge staff was endlessly helpful an cheery, along with the bellhops. Our suite (601)was amazing with all the amenities, we loved the giant and luxiurious bathroom the most! The location was perfect, walking distance from lots of fun things and the building was beautiful. We reccomend this hotel to anyone looking to enjoy a care-free and relaxed environment during their stay in Chicago, these people know how to run a hotel!	
Jun 8 2004	Nice stay but not as good as the previous reviews	While we liked the hotel and the location, we had some trouble upon checking in. We had requested a room with a king bed, but were told there were no more, so were given a room with 2 queen beds. When we went to the room, it looked like someone had been staying there and the room hadn't been cleaned. We called down to the front desk, and were told the hotel was full so they would send up housekeeping to clean the room while we waited. We called again to ask about getting a new room, and no one called back, so we then went back to the front desk. After about 15 minutes, we were given a new room with a king size bed! The room was nice, but a little damp and dark. Other than that, and low water pressure in the shower, our stay there was great.	
Apr 25 2004	It was great!	The Talbott was great. The room was big and in excellent condition. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. The location was super (a block west of Bloomingdales).	
Feb 4 2004	Romantic Weekend		
Dec 15 2003	Hidden Gem		
Aug 14 2003	3 great days in Chicago		
Aug 13 2003	Another wonderful review		
Jul 29 2003	Big fan of the Talbott		
Jul 26 2003	A Great find		
Jul 2 2003	Truly a gem of a hotel		
Jan 13 2003	Great Get-Away		
Aug 31 2002	We loved The Talbott		
Jun 10 2002	A Little Gem		
