	GOOD PLACE	It is a very comfortable hotel to enjoy your trips in a very good location	
Nov 10 2009 	Good Value for Location	Hotel is just steps away from the Red Line &quot;L&quot; so you can get around easily if you don't want to walk, drive or cab it.Very clean hotel, good water pressure, friendly &amp; accommodating staff, nice bed &amp; pillows (but the top sheet and pillow cases felt like they'd been starched!), temp. in room perfect &amp; can be adjusted. Didn't try Weber Grill but it looked inviting for a drink and a quick meal.2 computers are on 12th floor (need room key to access the room), so you can check email &amp;/or print out your boarding passes.Hotel is near a lot of great shopping, Pops for Champagne is around the corner &amp; only wish we had gone there. Mary's Cafe is good for breakfast &amp; is abt. 4 blocks away.If we can get as good a rate as we did this time, I'm pretty sure we'll stay here again when we visit Chicago.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great Deal for Downtown Chicago	I live in the area and stayed downtown for business. This hotel had updated rooms, very comfy beds, reasonable sized bathrooms and very good service. I am sensitive to odors, like Febreze covering up bad smells. Hilton Garden Inn smelled fresh and clean and had comfortable rooms. You can hear ambulance/police car sounds at night, which is typical of all Chicago area hoteld. Staff seemed friendly. I felt safe, and Weber Grill reataurant on site is a great place to eat. No probablem getting a cab in the morning when it was raining. I would recommend and stay again. Most downtown hotels have smaller rooms (especially in older hotels). This location is very good for visitors. Tons of places to eat within walking distance.	
Oct 19 2009 	It is just ok...	We were in town for a wedding and had two rooms booked; one for this hotel and the other for Residence Inn for a much cheaper rate. (See my review for Residence Inn) We arrived early as our flight landed at Midway at 7:55am and I had already called about an early check in. When we arrived they indicated that they were at 90% capacity. They did not have a non-smoking king room sbut had two queen non-smoking available for the same rate, so we took it! The room was nothing to write home about. The bed was not comfortable at all but the pillows were nice. The remote was old and barely worked most of the time which annoyed me to no end. Breakfast was not complimentary and just to get pastries and yogurt it was $10.95. If you wanted meant that was going to cost you an additional $4.95. I called one of the restaurants in the book from the hotel and ordered myself breakfast which came up to $19.22. They informed me that the menu has not been updated and the meal that was priced at $8.25 was now $10.50. I decided to cancel my order.	
Oct 18 2009 	Wouldn't stay again	My brother was getting married in Chicago. I was going to book the hotel for the weekend but we decided to stay one night and I'm glad we did. Based on some of the other reviews, some of the rooms must be updated with newer beds. Our beds were so uncomfortable that my husband and I didn't sleep all night and got up with sore backs and necks. The tub in the bathroom wouldn't drain. I ended up not taking a shower in the morning because I didn't want to stand in inches of water. The room had a nice flat screen TV but seemed a little smaller then the average room. We wouldn't stay again even though I'm a Hilton honors member....I would stay some where else.	
Oct 12 2009 	Awesome amenities great location affordable prices	This hotel was perfect and I wouldn't have changed a single thing about my two night stay. The rooms and common spaces were impecably clean and cozy. Although a little small, the indoor pool and hot tub were both wonderful along with the well appointed fitness room and computer lab with complimentary high speed internet. I loved the microwave and mini-fridge in the room along with the Neutrogena toiletries. The king size bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. Be sure to stop by the lobby around 6:00pm/7:00pm every night for complimentary warm just-baked cookies. The hotel could do well with a dedicated concierge in the lobby to help travelers find their way around the city in order to keep the lines down at the front desk.	
Oct 10 2009 	A nice cheap hotel	The hotel was a great place to stay. It is close to many attractions. The staff was helpful in referring us to nearby restaurants. My only complaint would be that the toilet paper is too far away from the toilet. You almost have to get off of the seat in order to reach it. The housekeeping staff was great in locating my clothing that I had inadvertently left behind. They are in the process of shipping it to me. I would definitely stay here again!	
Oct 9 2009 	Excellent hotel in prime location	This is an excellent hotel in every way, but be careful if you are there 4Q2009, as there is major construction going on outside the hotel on one side and the jackhammers started up on cue at 7am every morning. Really fun restaurant (Weber Grill) and right on the Red Line of the subway system. Walkable to Michigan Avenue, Marshall Field's, theatre district. Coffee maker also stocked with tea, which I am finding more and more rare these days. Couldn't fault it!	
Oct 9 2009 	Enjoyed the stay	The Hilton Garden Inn was a great location for us, it is very close to the red line if you would prefer not to take a taxi from the airports. We walked everywhere from our hotel and enjoyed its easy access.The staff we encountered were very nice and helpful with any of our questions or needs. The room we stayed in was very clean and comfortable. You can hear some street noise, but it is in the city so it was very much expected and did not affect our stay at all.We also ate at the restaurant, Weber Grill, and it was great. Although it was a busy night, the waiter was very friendly and attentive. The pretzel rolls were very good and the ribs were excellent. Would stay here again.	
Oct 7 2009 	Outstanding value and location	It's hard to find a decent hotel in downtown Chicago at a decent price during the week. I booked my room a few months in advance and found a great $149 rate. Everything about this HGI was great, from the speedy check-in, to the clean rooms, to the location, nothing could be better. What's really great is this hotel is literally steps from the Red Line stop at Grand. You walk up the stairs and the hotel is about 20 steps away which is very convenient if you're coming in on the train. For those that need any grocery items , there is a grocery store right around the corner where you can find items like soda without paying high hotel prices. I had a great view on the 21st floor and although this is just a standard HGI, the room was very clean and had a nice flat screen TV inside the room. I ate at the hotel restaurant (Weber Grill) one night and it was great. Overall a typical HGI experience, but for the price, you can't beat it for the convenience, location and price!	
Oct 2 2009 	Nice rooms but terrible organization/staff.	Booked room with 2 beds directly through hotel on the phone. Was going for a bachelor party and staying with 4 guys so definately needed 2 beds. When arrived at hotel they said they only had me booked for 1 bed. I showed them my confirmation email on my phone and they didnt care. Gave me bed with one room and only got $20 off and room was $200 per night. I was able to swich to double bed next day but what a hassle. Also the elevator broke and had to wait 45 min for the freight elevator! The rooms themselves were nice and good location only a couple minute walk from magic mile.	
Sep 29 2009 	Needs a renovation	The streets are under renovation, but the hotel isn't... and it needs a good one. Towels are worn-out and have holes, there isn't a shower cup in the bathroom, the shower courtain is quite old, the reception has two sofas and a couple of armchairs, but no bar. The hotel has a very smal pool and a very small fitness room. Is not worth the price they charge you. You have better options in Chicago.	
Sep 10 2009 	Great hotel with an ever better location	After much research, we chose to stay at the Hilton Garden Inn because of the great rate and location. The location could not have been any better. We got off the Red Line of the &quot;L&quot;, walked up the steps and were right outside the lobby of the hotel. Rode the subway and buses everywhere we went, if we didn't walk from the hotel's central location. Also, there is a free trolley to/from Navy Pier that stops directly in front of the hotel. If it is too full, just grab a city bus (#29) that will also take you to Navy Pier.The front desk was very friendly, professional, and helpful. Since we arrived around noon, our room was not ready for check-in, so we left our luggage with the bellhop and were on our way to explore Chicago. When we came back, our room was ready and we retrieved our luggage.The hotel was very clean, well-appointed, and everything seemed to be in working order. I was bit concerned about noise based on other reviews but we had absolutely no problems, except the occasional siren outside but that will happen with any hotel in downtown Chicago.The pool area was nice but small. We did enjoy the hot tub one night after a long day of walking.We will definitely try to stay here again on our next trip to this great city.	
Sep 10 2009 	It was magnificent!	We arrived early to Chicago hoping to leave the luggage in the hotel... but the room was already available, even at 10:30am!The location couldn't be better, and the service was amazing.	
Sep 9 2009 	Noisy Buy Nice	I have stayed here several times and this hotel is nice and in a great location with a great restaurant attached. However, I have noticed as the rates have dropped at this HGI due to the economic downturn I suppose you get the &quot;in town to party&quot; crowd and they are noisy coming and going all hours of the nights. If this wasn't enough noise, we were on the 22nd floor and you could hear people in the street wooping it up until the wee hours. There were many many sirens and you could hear traffic noise especially motorcycles. This is a very noisy hotel.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great location for downtown stay	We stayed at this hotel during our stay in July. The location couldn't have been better. The hotel was only two blocks off Michigan Ave. There were a ton of restaurants within a three block area so that was easy. The red line was literally right by the front door, the free Navy Pier trolley ran right by the hotel and most of the buses that you need for tourist items were only two blocks away. The staff was very friendly and the hotel was very clean. There is a parking garage next door where you can self park and save yourself some money. The pool was small, but the temperature was perfect. The workout room had a lot to offer. We would definitely recommend this to anybody looking for a downtown stay and would stay here again.	
Aug 7 2009 	EXcellent Location	This hotel is perfect location..Only a block or so from Magnificent Mile ( Michigan Ave)..Train Subway is right in front of the hotel,,took trains to Wrigley Field, Cellular Field and to the theater district to see Jersey Boyzz....Parking is a little expensive $44 per day with in and out priviliges but you are in the city and not much of a choice..The on-soite restaurant Weber Grill has good food , plus you are surrounded by great restaurants and shopping all around...Indoor pool made my little one happy , although the ventilation is horrible in the pool area, the chlorine smell and lack of cool air was made it difficult to stay long in the pool area for us...The rooms are modern, clean, so no complaints there..If we were to return to this part of Chicago I would stay here again and have no problem recommending it to others..	
Aug 3 2009 	Would definitely stay here again!	We Pricelined this hotel for a short getaway to meet friends in Chicago. ~ Paid more than we wanted to, but still a great deal! Really great location... a few short blocks from Michigan Ave. The corner room was lovely, with a view of an outdoor rooftop landscaped track next door. The room was a little cramped with two queen beds, rather than one king, but had everything you could want. The built-in cabinet with microwave, counter w/coffee pot &amp; fridge was SO pretty ~ I want one in my house! The beds were SO comfy, except I found myself sticking to the sheets, due to the thick pillowtop underneath. Overall, a great place for a great getaway in Chi-town!	
Aug 1 2009 	Do not stay here under any circumstances!	I'm writing this review to warn fellow travelers not to stay here. Because the wonderful Homewood Suites next door was booked up, we were wound up staying here. I expected this hotel to be similar to the Homewood Suites. Instead, it was a complete disappointment. Sure, the staff was very helpful and friendly, and the rooms were very clean. However, ultimately, when you pay for a hotel room, you're paying for a place to sleep for the night. The Hilton Garden Inn is a total, complete and utter failure in this regard. The walls have absolutely no soundproofing at all. You can here your neighbor's TV, conversations, everything. One night, I got shaken awake by my neighbor who happened to like to blast his TV at 1:00 a.m. And mind you, all rooms are like this. I kept changing rooms, and they all have the same walls which seem to be made out of a thin piece of drywall, or possibly even cardboard. No matter which room you're in, you'll be able to here TV's and conversations from the rooms adjacent to you. This place also serves no breakfast, unless you're willing to pay a rediculous amount of money for cornflakes and a bagel. You're better off staying in a cheap motel. Cheap motels that I've stayed at had better services and better soundproofing than this Hilton Garden Inn. If you're just looking for a nice, quiet place to sleep, do not stay at this hotel. For what you get out of it, it is totally overpriced and generally not a pleasant place to be.	
Jul 27 2009 	great location low on staff	location was great, resterant on sight was good, indoor pool was clean, warm enough to enjoy, whirl pool great as well, great location, few steps from the red line metro. Had a few issues with lack of staff. Had no towels, called front desk, took about 4 hours to get towels. next day no one cleaned room at all. called front desk about 6pm, someone came about 830pm to clean, didnt get usa today either but other rooms did. Same deal the next day as well, did come to clean the third day...... no conceirge on hand, tried to wait on line to ask desk staff questions, they were busy and not very accomodating. Rooms were large and nice, location was great, close to everything, but don't expect service any time soon, very short on staff and it was obvious.	
Jul 25 2009 	My first choice in Chicago	This was our third time staying at the Hilton Garden Inn. We reserved the room through Priceline, spending only $65 per night. TIP: The &quot;two Queen bed&quot; rooms are much larger than the King rooms. THE PROS:The bedding is updated, there is a microwave, coffee maker, mini-fridge and flat screen TV. We LOVED the Jewel grocery store just steps from the hotel. It stays open until midnight, too, and sells beer, wine and liquor along with the usual grocery store items. (In my home state you have to go to a special store to by alcoholic beverages.) The entrance to the Red Line train is just outside the hotel door and Michigan Ave is just three blocks away. The location is great!Free in-room internet service - and it actually worked well! THE CONS:There is no High Def service to the TV, though, so everything on the TV looks stretched out. (No big deal.)The lobby is very bland and small - but who really cares about that?We didn't use the pool, hot tub or exercise room.We MUCH prefer the Hilton Garden Inn to the nearby Marriott. We take about four trips to Chicago each year and have stayed at several different places but the Hilton Garden Inn remains our favorite.	
Jul 23 2009 	Good Time had by Me	I stayed for one week while attending a business conference. Within easy walking distance to Navy Pier, Art Institute, theater district, etc. Grocery store and Starbucks both across the street. Clean, comfortable, and quiet room. Only downside...$15 for an in-room movie was steep, and a small selection of titles.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great location!!	Pretty much had nothing much to complain about the hotel. Except when we checked in the staff who checked us in did not smile or greet us and continue talking to other staff while serving us. With the brand name, I expect polite and caring staff, but we did not get it here. However, there's another staff later who's really attentive, so I guess we just got unlucky being served by that one lady during our check in time. Room was clean, comfortable, with free wireless internet and spacious bathroom. It's virtually close to everywhere, Magnificent mile, Millenium Park, Navy Pier, etc. Bear in mind that you have to pay extra for parking. For valet it's $44 and self park is $32. Overall I'm satisfied and recommend this to anyone.	
Jul 17 2009 	Everything You Could Want	I recently spent a week at this location for business. As I traveled around Chicago during the week, and visited friends at other hotels, I confirmed again and again that the Hilton Garden Inn is the best kept secret in Chicago. Being in the River North area is perfection. The train is steps away from the front door, there is a grocery across the street (with a surprisingly good natural food section on two aisles...don't be put off by all the processed junk you see as you enter the crowded space), a Trader Joe's two blocks away, Nordstrom across the street in a mall that fronts Michigan Ave for easy bus access, and restaurants everywhere you looked. My husband was thrilled that the Chicago Jazz Mart was a block away as well as an exceptional used bookstore. Spend too much and need to mail things home? There is a post office across the street from the grocery store. It just doesn't get better than this for location. Regarding the room, it was spacious, perfectly appointed, had a great city view, and was spotless day after day. My only small complaint was the bathtub was tiny and not the kind you can lean back in...too concave....so I relaxed in the hot tub near the pool each day. I also loved the business center with three computers, printers, fax machine and copy machine. Wonderful! Regarding noise, the whole city is noisy. That's Chicago. The hotel restaurant, Weber Grill, attracts a lot of lively traffic, but so does every other restaurant in the area. The weekend crowd was noticeably rowdier than the weekday crowd. This is not a sedate hotel for retirees, if you know what I mean. Ask for a room on the upper floors and don't hesitate to call the staff if you need assistance. They were great.	
Jul 11 2009 	The staff went above and beyond to make our experience wonderful!	My family and I were traveling to Frankfurt, Germany, and wanted a nonstop flight. Because we used to live in Chicago, we decided to spend a night in Chicago before flying to Germany since we could get a nonstop flight from Chicago.We Pricelined this hotel and got two rooms for $50/each. We planned for my husband to stay in one room with one of our children while I stayed in the other room with the other child (our children are 3 and 1). We inquired about adjoining rooms, however, and found that we were able to get adjoining rooms, which made life a lot easier. Since our flight to Frankfurt the next day was late in the evening, we asked to arrange a late checkout. They were so helpful that they allowed us to stay until 2:00 p.m. so that my kids could take naps.When we checked out, we asked Kristy at the front desk if there was any way she could arrange adjoining rooms for us again on our way back and she did just that.This was potentially a stressful trip for us, but it was made so much more pleasant just by the small things that the folks at HGI were willing to do for us. Oh, and the rooms were exceptionally comfortable and well-appointed!	
Jul 5 2009 	Thank you Hilton magnificent mile	We actually made a pitch to the Oprah show and met first in one of the convention rooms here. The wait-staff did not know who we were, but they were so professional and excellent to our business party. We were given the attention the HIlton is famous for and the chef was excellent. Front desk politely and proficiently dealt with our particular concerns. We had international investors and when a bi-lingual computer IT professional was needed, Hilton staff was very polite and assisted us.	
Jul 2 2009 	Good value for your money	I got a pretty good deal on the hotel, so overall I was pleased considering I didn't pay a lot.Good location - just off Michigan Ave and close to many bars and restaurants. The Grand subway stop is located right in front of the hotel, which is an added plus if you're to/from the airport via the train.Hotel staff was friendly.Rooms were clean.If you're planning to take a late night dip in the pool (I.e. in the last hour before the pool closes, just a warning that this seems to be the time that many families take their kids swimming (maybe to tire them out??). The hot tub just isn't quite as relaxing with a bunch of 8 year-olds splashing around beside you. : (	
Jun 16 2009 	Another great Hilton	Great location to go to city attractions. Great staff and clean rooms at a great price	
Jun 16 2009 	Nice hotel in a great location	We stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn June 11-14th, 2009. This was our second stay at this location. The first stay was great as well and we really liked the great location just off Michigan Avenue. This hotel is also just off the EL redline, at the Grand Avenue stop. There are a lot of dining and drinking options within walking distance too.Check in went very quickly, no lines. The room was clean and comfortable. Good beds, not too hard, not too soft, they had some sort of adjustable feature, but not like sleep number beds, it has a knob on the side, so I'm not sure how it really worked. We were on the 17th floor and did not have much of a view but that was ok with us. We were not in the room much. The rooms are good sized for Chicago also. (Some hotel rooms can be small there.) I recommend this hotel if you plan to use public transit. It is fast and easy to use in Chicago. We took the train to Wrigley Field for a baseball game on 2 days and also to the Sears Tower and Macy’s. We also visited the Frontera Fresco at Macy's (on State Street, 7th floor) and even saw Rick Bayless stop in to check on his quick service restaurant! That was unexpected! I've seen him at Frontera Grill and Topolobampo before at night, but I was shocked to see him here! We also dined at Shaw's Crab House, which was very good, though we ate in the Oyster Bar, not the main dining room, which is a bit louder atmosphere, but the same food. We also found a great mini golf course in Grant Park, which was very fun, called The Green at Grant Park. You can get a beer before, during or after you play mini golf. We enjoyed listening to the Blues Fest acts across the street while we golfed. Overall, we had a great second stay at the Hilton Garden Inn in Chicago and I'd stay here again.	
Jun 13 2009 	Great location great hotel	Very conveniently located. Across the street from the subway and just a couple of blocks to Michigan Ave. and buses. Nordstroms and Bloomies nearby along with all kinds of great restaurants. Room was large and very clean. Had a corner room with lots of light. Staff helpful. Booked on Hotwire for $76 a night so was delighted to find such a great hotel.	
Jun 9 2009 	Sirens All Night Long!	I had stayed here previously without incident. My last stay will definitely be my last stay. I was awoken every half-hour or so by sirens. Needless to say, I did not get much sleep. Other than that small problem, the hotel and room itself was nice.	
Jun 8 2009 	Next to perfect.	Plusses outweigh the minuses by far. On the plus side:+ immediately on the red line. Could not possibly be more convenient to public transit. Literally steps away. + but you may not even need the subway as the hotel is perfectly central &amp; within easy walking distance of everything downtown.+ very fluffy bed in contemporary and meticulously clean room+ attentive and cheerful check-in staff (went extra mile for us in several respects)+ taxi stand one block away for easy trips to airport or wherever else you may be headed. Minuses:- Breakfast at Weber Grill is mediocre at best. You're better off walking a block or two to any of the surrounding restaurants. (Gospel brunch at House of Blues, for example)- pool is small. (But why swim? You're in Chicago!) - elevator wait times can be a little frustrating - building could use one more elevator. - a little pricey, I guess. Hard to say. Long story short, a lovely stay at a lovely hotel. I won't hesitate to stay here again.	
May 31 2009 	Be prepared to pay LOTS!	We stayed at this hilton on part of a package deal.Its a nice hotel, clean 2 bathrooms in our room, but The extras you have to pay are far too high. Parking $45 per day, $7.00 for a bottle of water!!!! $12 for internet!! The pool was closed for maintanance so asked if we could have a reduction on parking. We were just laughed at!	
May 28 2009 	Mixed up beginning happy ending :)	We had an issue with making a phone reservation and not receving an email confirmation. When I decided to call to confirm our reservation the afternoon of the night we were scheduled to arrive, I was told there was no reservation under my name. Come to find out, an error had somehow been made and we were booked at a different Hilton. We were able to come to a compromise, however. This hotel is very conveniently located downtown within walking distance of many shops, restaurants....Hotel staff were very friendly and accommodating. Pool/hottub were decent, although quite small. This was a family vacation for us and we were overall impressed with the hotel. *TIP* Park your own car for much cheaper....just park near an elevator in the parking ramp....it's the same place for valet parking!!	
May 28 2009 	Great location; mediocre amenities	Stayed overnight here with husband and son. It's a great location in terms of being near shopping and bars and restaurants. The rooms were okay but the walls are very thin. You can hear everything. It's nothing special and there are much better hotels very nearby, including Homewood Suites and Embassy Suites.	
May 25 2009 	This place sucks	Don't stay here, the you're better off going to the adjacent hotels for a better hotel stay and are more accommodating than the Hilton. The Mariott and Hampton have been a better experience for myself and was just a little more money per night. Paper thin walls that everyone can hear you and neighbors will complain when coming back from the night. You only get one personal warning and the second time they come up they will kick you out by force. We were literally in the hotel for 30 minutes before we were told we were being kicked out. We were kicked out with excessive force by police after trying to negotiate with the manager who was stuck on kicking us out. We had 8 police officers escort people who were quiet by the time the officers came. Not worth the cost for people enjoying the city or even for business trips since everyone can hear everything. I've already told our sales force to never book any nights here and instead, we go to the Marriott now.	
May 19 2009 	First Choice when in Chicago	Whenever I'm in Chicago I try the Hilton Garden Inn first. Best Location for the &quot;L&quot;, the supermarket, and Portillo's! Rooms are spacious and staff is great!	
May 7 2009 	Prepaid Suite Reservations But No Room At This Inn!	Oh my, I was so disappointed with my recent trip to Chicago. My sister, daughter and I had tickets to the Oprah Show. I made reservations for us to have a suite at the Hilton Garden Inn, Chicago Downtown/Magnificent Mile. I prepaid the reservation, as I wanted to guarantee that we would have our suite. We live in Cincinnati, and instead of flying, we decided to make the five hour trip by driving. I wanted to have a suite so we could have a better place to unwind. We arrived at the hotel, and I gave the valet our car, and he parked it. We went inside to check in. We were greeted promptly, and given our room keys. Off we went to see our little suite! Imagine my surprise when we opened the door to the suite, and we walked into a tiny room with two queen beds, which consumed the room. I immediately called the front desk to tell them a mistake had been made. A bad sign - it took me about five minutes to speak to someone at the front desk. The gentleman at the front desk, John, told me that I didn't have a suite reservation. I then told him I had written confirmation, and that I had prepaid - which the check-in person had already noted that I had prepaid my room. &quot;John&quot; said that the room that I was in was just as good as a suite, and I should be happy there. WHAT???? I told him I was not happy, as we had three adults, and I had advised that three adults were staying there in my online reservation request, and then I learned the truth. All of the suites were taken. I told John that I wanted him to find me another suite in another hotel. John said o.k., and about ten minutes later, I called back downstairs, and he told me that he had miraculously been able to get a room at the Embassy Suites, and we were so lucky!!! So, the three of us head downstairs to be taken to the Embassy Suites. This jerk is at the front desk when we go downstairs, and he is trying to ignore us. The young man who checked us in asked us, &quot;Is there a problem with your room?&quot; And I told him, &quot;Yes, we don't have a room, as my suite has evidently been given away, even though I prepaid for the suite.&quot; That young man was apologetic, and he asked who we had spoken to. Then the rude guy, John, comes over, and says, &quot;Go over to the Embassy Suites, turn right, and it is about a block down.&quot; Did I mention it was pouring rain???? So we walk through the rain, and go check in at the Embassy Suites. They request a credit card, so I give them my Amex, which they promptly charge the &quot;suite.&quot; The next day when we check out, we have to traipse back over to the Hilton from the Embassy, with our luggage in tow, to re-claim our car from valet parking. Nice, huh? I have to go back inside the Hilton so that they can do a separate charge for the valet parking, but I can't seem to get anyone to issue me a credit for the suite that I had prepaid for. I called the Hilton tonight, and I talked to someone who told me to leave a vm for the manager. I have now left her a vm, and I am awaiting a phone call to see what remedy is available for me. I am so disgusted by this hotel's treatment of their guests. Unbelievable!We did eat at two terrific restaurants, and I will review them separately. They were Weber's Grill and Shaw's Restaurant/Seafood. Yummy!	
May 1 2009 	main downtown	Amazing deal $54 a nyt , worth every bit of it.	
Apr 15 2009 	clean convenient and comfortable in Chicago	Stayed here for 5 nights at end of March. Had a price of $98 a night for the family. Found maid service to be great- even picked up some of my kid's toys/stuffed animals they had laid around. Bought an all day bus/train pass at Jewel Osco across the street and very easy to get around. Also join your local science museum at home and it got us free reciprical access to Museum of Science and Industry, Field Museum, Alder planetarium, and children museum at Navy Pier.Pros- Super location- within walking distance to Mich. avenue, El train line right at corner, bus stop close, grocery store and many restaurants/shopping within one or two blocks. Valet parking was high like most hotels in area but self parking (no in or out) was $29 a day which is cheaper than other hotels nearby. Microwave and refrig in room. Neutragena toiletries. Flat screen tv. Small but adequate pool and hot tub. Business center had free internet access which came in handy.Cons- Suzette at the front desk wasn't the most informative or friendly but she wasn't there everyday either thankfully and 2 out of 3 elevators were broken on the Sunday morning we tried to check out -more than 20 minutes just trying to leave the building but maid was nice enough to let us on the working freight elevator.	
Mar 29 2009 	Overall great place	My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon - mostly to catch some Cubs games. We mostly chose this hotel for its proximity to the Red Line - it is directly outside the front doors. We had a very friendly check-in and our room was very clean and spacious. The bathroom had great toiletries and the beds were very comfortable. The pool was small but clean and included a hot tub. The business center had free internet and the valet guys outside were always VERY friendly and helpful. One of them even walked in the pouring rain for 15 minutes to get us a cab!A couple suggestions though: if street noise might bother you, request a room on a higher floor. There is no continental breakfast, but there is a Jewel/Osco right across the street (great because you have an in-room fridge). Parking is also steep - $40/day.	
Mar 21 2009 	Front desk had an attitude over the phone and hung up on me	I was running a little late checking out so I called the front desk to ask for 30 minutes more to check out. The woman at the front desk said she had to pull up my reservation first. Then she asked me how i was going to pay for the valet parking (which I never had in the first place). After explaining to her that I self parked, with an attitude she told me that the hotel was fully booked and not to take any longer than 30 mins. (As if everyone is really rushing to Chicago right now for some reason!?) Anyways, as I was saying &quot;thank you&quot; just to be polite, she hung up on me. I stayed there 2 days and after the first night, the room wasn't cleaned until late afternoon. Also, the first day we found old drinks in the refrigerator that had already expired. The room directory is outdated and not specific.	
Mar 20 2009 	Great Location and Good Value	We just returned from a few nights at the Hilton Garden Inn. Its pluses: It's right on the Red Line which makes getting around super easy. The pool, though small, is located on the 12th floor and has a great view of the city. The room was clean, had a fridge and a microwave. I recommend the Jewel/Osco mini mart across the street on State Street for nibbles or morning bakery.Minuses? The room by the elevator and ice machine was very noisy and there's all the big city siren noise. Ask for a room further down the hall to eliminate that.	
Mar 16 2009 	Not a bad hotel but noisy	We booked this hotel through Priceline and got a good price for 3 nights.Here are the Pros:-Nice small pool and whirlpool-Clean rooms-Friendly staff-Business Center-Great downtown location right off the redline subwayCons:-No extra perks like free breakfast-Rooms are a bit smaller-The major drawback is the sound noise. The hotel hallways and room doors are not insulated at all so you can hear everything from outside your room and noise that travels from one room to the next via the hall. That was the worst part of our stay.-If the noise issue was resolved somehow it would have been much better.	
Mar 3 2009 	A Great Hotel!!	I just got back from a dental convention in Chicago and decided to stay at this Hilton Garden Inn. Let me start by saying this hotel is perfectly located in the heart of downtown, close to the red line train, shopping and numerous great places to eat. The check in was polite and fast. I got up to my room and was surprised how clean and modern the room was. Flat screen T.V. king size foam bed, comfortable enough for me but if you like a bed that is on the firm side you may not like this one. The room also had a fridge and microwave which was nice! The bathroom was spotless! There were two concerns though, one was the common halls had an echo and some guests don't seem to think of others at one o' clock in the morning yelling slamming doors etc. Second the AC/HEATING UNIT kept coming on for 10 or 15 seconds at a time all through the night! Annoying! And very loud! This was after I switched it off! After the first night I went down to the front desk to notify them of this problem and they sent somebody up to the room(I guess while I was out) to try to fix this, but the second and last night I stayed the same problem happened again. The front desk staff did ask me if the problem was fixed but after I said &quot;No&quot; she didn't seem to care to much. I would recommend this hotel if your a &quot;deep sleeper.&quot;	
Mar 2 2009 	Great location clean and stylish rooms free Wi-Fi	I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn recently with some extended family for a weekend in Chicago. I will definitely be back. The rooms are a great value and the Free wireless internet is great. The rooms are nicely appointed for a midrange chain with updated furniture, Aeron desk chairs, comfortable beds with clean white duvet covers, and flat screen TV's. (see my photographs) They have an extended cable line up including HGTV. There is a microwave and refrigerator (not a mini-bar) in each room--it is right across the street from a grocery store. No safe provided. Wi-Fi is free and works well. The pool is small and there is a whirlpool. The fitness center contains a few basic machines; there was a sign on the door saying free guest passes were available to Crunch fitness a block away. There is a parking garage right next to the hotel...self parking was about 25 per day...a bargain for downtown Chicago. The hotel is right in the River North district, two blocks off Michigan Avenue. Close to River North restaurants and nightlight. Near Nordstroms for shopping. Weber Grill restaurant is just off the lobby. I would recommend this hotel.	
Feb 27 2009 	Great location beautiful hotel and rooms great value in winter	We enjoyed this hotel this winter. The location is magnificent, 2 blocks from the Michigan Ave., less than 20 meters to the Red Line MTA train that takes you virtually everywhere. Nice view (floor 17). The pool is very good and also the business center (complimentary use of PC and printer). Within the hotel there is free wifi.	
Feb 15 2009 	Average HGI in a Great Location	Let's start with the new HGI mattress which is foam, offers little bounce, and is, overall very stiff and partially contouring. It was right up my alley, and one of the more comfortable beds in the Hilton chain, but if you're a soft bed sleeper you're going to have real problems with the standard issue mattress at this and every other HGI.The room is clean and quality. The noon checkout time is a significant perk for those of us who are not early risers.The front desk will tell you the breakfast ends at 10:30 when it actually ends at 10. Not something you want to find out at 10:05 a.m.Not a big fan of the Weber Grill restaurant, personally but you could do worse for dinner on a bad weather/late night.Great location, helpful, polite front desk staff.While the room walls are soundproof, the pass through and external doors are not.Aside from a non functioning smoke alarm (somewhat disturbing to have it hanging off the wall), this is an average HGI that isn't overpriced with a great location and nice views.One other important note. The room is very, very dry. If you stay at this hotel and require a somewhat humid room for either health reasons or a cold, I'd recommend a humidifier.	
Feb 10 2009 	Location and Efficiency	I booked the hotel in Hotwire after seen that I could get a room for $56 a night. I had a reservation at one of the Marriots and decided to save the $30 difference per night.I have been to Chicago several times and I have stayed in different hotels, and I really enjoyed my stay here. The location is the best. You can walk everywhere. If you need to get around, the &quot;Grand&quot; station of the Red line of the L is literally at the hotel's door. My room was very clean, and it was very comfortable for relaxing as well as for working. The heat worked perfectly. Front desk staff was efficient. The housekeeping staff was extremely nice. One thing that I really appreciate is the room's refrigerator, coffee maker and microwave. There is a grocery store across the street. From the hotel you can walk any where: shopping , theater, Navy Pier, Park, etc.Cons:There is construction near by, and the hotel is about a block from the fire station, so there is some noise. Some how a lot of the guests do not realize that the metal doors of the rooms are probably a required for safety purposes and do not need to be slammed, and you can hear people talking on the halls, specially the typical screaming children, but I this is not the hotel fault.I will definitely recommend it, and I will stay there again if I can. It is not ultimate luxury, but it gets the work done flawlessly if efficiency and location at a reasonable price is what you are looking for.	
Feb 4 2009 	Very Nice!	The Hilton Garden Inn was pretty much perfect. The staff were very friendly, the room was well appointed, and the location (right next to the red line and in the middle of River North) is excellent. It was nice to be at a hotel that doesn't nickel and dime you - wireless internet access was free. I didn't need to use the 24 hour pantry in the lobby, but I was glad it was there if I did. The pool was small, however, and the fitness equipment was aging. Overall it was a great stay!	
Jan 28 2009 	Its an ordinary Hilton ...but she's in danger of slipping...	Sorry late review...catching up...I normally stay at the Intercontinental ( more out of habit and familiarity ) but was unable to get in there ...so booked in a hotel nearby as time was against me. As others have written ( honestly and truthfully may I add ) location is just right. You have everything you need at your doorstep ...shops , restaurants, red route, the lively Rush and Division, river., cabs.....you name it. As a Hotel?...it does what it says...supplies a place to sleep. It's clean..room has all the bits a hotel room should have ...service is fine...staff do what they can and as effeciently as they can... Yes there were small gripes.. and if you are a well tarvelled person the little things can really rub on you ...I had them....You seem to wait an eternity for a lift... yes the air con is louder than normal ...but all in all...it isn't such a bad place. Budget or ''deals'' will sway the ordinary traveller as to whether he/she stays there or not. Luck and timing will depend on whether the stay was good or not.	
Jan 7 2009 	Great Location....Poor Service	Let me start by saying I am a frequent traveler and have stayed at locations from various hotel brands around the world. I also am a former Hilton Diamond Member.I have stayed at this hotel many times over the years, with the last stay having some major issues. The stay was so bad, Hilton sent a voucher to come again for a free nights stay. I let it expire and just recently decided to give the hotel a second try for a 9 night stay.Hotel Positives: Great location. Two blocks from Michigan Avenue, 1 block from State St. A grocery across the street, 1 1/2 blocks to Starbucks, and some fabulous restaurants within 3 blocks. Also, the red line is just out the front door for easy city transport.Hotel Negatives:Customer service, poor room cleaning, poor management.Before arriving, I called and told the manager that my last experience here was subpar and I was coming back and would like a smooth, stress free stay. The manager offered to honor the free night even though it was expired. Here is a snapshot of the stay:1st night; Heater was broken and made a clanking noise every 26 seconds the whole night.2nd day: The hotel had many key problems and issues. Enough to send apology letters out.3rd day.....okay4th day:Verbally insulted, lied to, and hung up on by April over a newspaper. Asked to speak with manager, she refused...said she couldn't leave a note for the manager unless she was told what about. Hung up on!!Spoke with manager about the matter, only to have him smirk and have very unprofessional demeanor.5th day: the room was half cleaned. Arrived at night to a room with a dirty sink and toilet, no towels, dirty glasses, no toiletries. Called down and asked, and in return received towels, cups, and a bag of coffee/cream6th day:Return to the room in evening to again find an uncleaned room. Towels were left on bed..not in bathroom.7th day: okay8th day; Room partially cleaned again. No towels again!9th day: Went to check out and took the voucher down to be credited. Two managers had said they would be glad to honor it evn though it had expired. Gave it to Ronnie at the front desk, she said she would credit it. Two hours later, go to check out and notice it was never taken off. She then says it can't be used, even though 2 managers said they would take it. (It was their offer, not mine as I had said it was expired.....and only wanted a SMOOTH stay). Spend 1 hour arguing over the fact that they were renegging. Finally had to call Hilton Corporate, who then called the hotel and made them credit the voucher.After all this, never did get a formal apology and never heard from the GM....only shift managers. Very poor service. Yes, the location is great, but Embassy Suites is across the street (1 block) and Homewood Suites are 1 block as well. Stay at one of those	
Dec 29 2008 	Excellent Stay	Excellent hotel and location. Walking distance to many attractions. Close to the Red line subway. $30.00 taxi ride from Midway, always cabs available outside of Hilton Garden Inn. Front desk people were more than helpful. They were intelligent, polite and knowledgeable. Portillos hotdogs/beef sandwiches about 3 blocks away. Starbucks outside and across the street, grocery store across the street. The rooms were clean and nice, beds were comfortable, tv was nice flat screen. All and all just the best place to stay with the best rates. Also a PF Changs right there too.	
Nov 26 2008 	Has taken a slide in quality	This used to be my favorite hotel in Chicago. However some recent stays with some issues has caused me to change my thoughts.You can't beat the location just a few blocks off Michigan Ave. Right across the street is a Jewel/Osco grocery store. Tons of restaurant options and the Red Line EL stop is right outside the front doors.They've also done some remodeling with new carpet and wallpaper in the hallways. Plus they've installed 37&quot; HDTVs in the rooms. However all they have is standard definition, and it looks bad.Plus the AC/heating units are showing their age. It's hard to maintain a comfortable temperature plus they are extremely loud.Plus the internet (both wired and wireless) was down. The front desk didn't apologize and said it would be fixed in a few days.Lastly getting our room serviced was an issue a couple of times even though we were gone by 9am and didn't return until late.	
Nov 24 2008 	Wonderful!	I booked this hotel based on the tripadvisor recs and my previous experiences with HGI. I was quite pleased with my choice. First, there is the red line right outside the door. Nordstrom's is to your left and a full service Starbucks to the right. It was within walking distance of magnificent mile-an easy walk to all stores and afun walk to Grant Park.The hotel has room service and a small Starbucks downstairs. The rooms are a nice size with very comfortable beds with comfort adjustable mattresses(for the king anyway). Staff was veryvfriendly and so helpful. You can't go wrong staying here.	
Nov 24 2008 	great location and convienent	just returned from a convention in Chicago and we stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn. I read through the Trip Advisor tips and was very happy with this hotel. we took the CTA train in from O'Hare and (blue line then switch to red line) and the Grand Station stop is right at the hotel. Our room was perfect-microwave and niced size dorm refrig. the grocery store across the street is a full size store (vs convenience store) and we were able to buy breakfast and sandwich fixings for our stay-HUGE $ savings from buying items at the convention site. They have a nice business center with 4 complimentary computers and printers. we were able to print concert tickets, directions, etc. very nice. The hotel is a short walk to Michigan Ave (3-4 half blocks). I am looking forward to planning a non business trip to Chicago and we will definitely stay at this hotel again!!	
Nov 1 2008	Love this hotel!	This is our place to stay while in Chicago for sure. Just returned from our first stay at this hotel. Very friendly staff, basic King room was fantastic and extraordinarily clean, the beds are super comfortable and what a great view. Get a high floor if possible. We had to check out early for unexpected emergency at home and the staff was very understanding and compassionate. Weber Grill Restaurant off the lobby is very good and busy. Get there early.	
Sep 29 2008 	Great Stay	When traveling to Chicago we usually stay near the airport because it is cheaper. Decided to stay downtown, and the Hilton had very good rates compared to similar hotels. Staff was very friendly and efficient. Room was nice, and the kids enjoyed the pool while I made use of the whirlpool. You can self park next door with the validated rate of $26/day vs. $44 to valet. The hotel is a perfect location, near enough to Michigan Ave to walk, and a Red Line subway stop in front of the hotel. I would have liked to have a breakfast included with the room... that was the only draw back.	
Sep 18 2008 	Great place to stay!	After a few bad choice hotels in the downtown Chicago area - I finally found one I would return to!I stayed here on business Aug '08 for a Cubs game. We booked 3 rooms - 1 for myself - 1 for a co worker - 1 for a customer.Everyone was very pleased. It was super convenient to everything. Even the subway was right downstairs (which, normally, we take a cab to Wriglyville - however, it was 5pm on a tuesday and we knew it would take extra long in traffic - highly reccommended!) The restaurant/bar downstairs is very nice - everyone was very friendly. However, it does close fairly early. Breakfast was included for our HHonors and served at the same restaurant - a lot to choose from! The rooms were big, clean, and modernly decorated. A++++ Will be back!	
Aug 31 2008 	Great place for the price	This hotel is in a great location, very close to lots of sights of interest to tourists. An easy walk to Michigan Avenue, Navy Pier, the Loop, etc. There is a Jewel supermarket directly across the street as well, so no need to spend a fortune on the morning buffet. A clean hotel with attentive staff.Downsides: parking is not cheap ($26 w/o in-out privileges per day, or $44 for daily valet with unlimited in-out); pool is quite small and gets crowded quickly; rooms are a little on the small side.Overall, a good place to stay to be near much of what Chicago has to offer.	
Aug 25 2008 	Some positives some negatives	Positives:-- really good AAA rate for downtown-- excellent location, right next to red line train and close to restaurants, bars, N. Michigan Ave.-- very friendly, helpful staff-- nice rooms with comfortable bedsNegatives;-- be careful with reservations, our rate did not have a guarantee on # beds or rooms. Desk said only king beds initially but fortunately was able to get 2 beds-- Some floors have both smoking and non-smoking rooms. Hallway smelled like smoke.-- Elevators were backed up at times-- Lobby, elevators and hallways were warm and humid-- Internet connections never worked	
Aug 24 2008 	Great Location - Very Nice Hotel	Very nice location, staff was very helpful, rooms were very clean. Has a pool which is a big plus. Would definately stay again.	
Aug 20 2008 	Great location nice comfortable hotel	I spent 4 days in Chicago on my own after running a Conference with work in Austin, Texas. I've heard a lot of people say 'oh there's nothing to do in Chicago!' but it's a fantastic city to visit! I preferred it to New York. There's amazing architecture in all the high rise buildings, great shopping, parks, the Navy Pier, beaches, there's a great boat ride round the Lake ...what more could you ask for. Also as I travelled alone I found it pretty safe, the tourist bus is the best way to get about.I chose the Hilton as it was a pretty good hotel rate for downtown Chicago and very central. I wanted a nice, safe hotel as I was alone and had never been to Chicago before. The hotel was in a perfect location, lots of restaurants close by and cheap places to eat - McDonalds is down the street! It's only a 15 minute walk to Navy Pier and the beach and Magnificient Mile is just a short 5 miniute walk away. Lincoln Park zoo is a approx 50 minute walk.The hotel rooms were fantastic, really big and comfortable luxury beds - just perfect. I never ate at the hotel so can't comment on that. The only downside is that the hotel staff were very rude, every time I asked them how to get somewhere they would snap back 'get a cab' which was not very helpful as a tourist! I didn't let it spoil my trip though!I would recommend this hotel and 4 days is long enough to spend in Chicago and enjoy the city.have fun!	
Aug 18 2008 	nice hotelgreat location	My husband and I stayed at the Hilton this last weekend and it was great! The hotel staff was very helpful and they give you a validation code for your parking which saves you like $10 a day! The room was very nice and clean. We stayed on the 20th floor and had great views. The location was great-we were in walking distance from shopping, millenium park and the rriver. We did take the free trolley to Navy Pier, and the bus to Lincoln Park. We didn't eat at the hotel restaurant (Weber Grill) but it was always busy. We would have probably eaten there if we had one more day, but did snag some cheesecake from there and took it up to our room one night! Overall a great experience. We would recommend to anyone, couples or families.	
Aug 11 2008 	Bargain with a great location	Stayed here about a month ago and was very impressed. It's hard to beat this place for the price and location. The room was spacious and very clean, plus you get free wireless. The location is excellent, just a couple of blocks from Michigan Avenue with plenty of shopping and great restaraunts all around. Went to the Rock Bottom Brewery across the street and the food and overall atmosphere was very good (rooftop bar is great in the summertime). They don't have a breakfast at the hotel but the staff recommended an excellent place a few blocks away (Mary's Cafe) that was definitely affordable. If you want to go to Navy Pier, the hotel staff also recommended that you could take a free trolley 2 blocks away. You also get a discount if you park in the garage attached to the hotel ($16 if I remember right). Overall, I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 10 2008 	Great stay and perfect location	This Hilton Garden Inn was the perfect location for our trip to Chicago. We did ride the free trolley to Navy Pier, but walked to area museums, Race Street and the Magnificent Mile.Plenty of restaurants within walking distance. The hotel was spotless, had a real nice gym area and pool, with a very helpful staff.Their Internet is hard wired and seemed slow, but that's the only thing I could even think about that was less than excellent.The city view from our room was a real plus.Be sure and do the fireworks at Navy Pier and if you like some nightlife, check out Redheads piano bar a few blocks away.Avoid UNO pizza!	
Aug 6 2008 	Great hotel at a great location	Very nice hotel and a perfect location. Free internet! The internet is through an ethernet cable, but who cares if you can't carry your laptop around your room. I didn't try the complimentary breakfast, but you are in Chicago. Get out of the hotel and try some of the best food in the world.Footsteps away from the CTA red line. When you walk out of the hotel the stairs to the red line train are directly to the right. If you are familiar with riding the train in Chicago, it is perfect. If you are there to see a Cubs game, you get on the northbound red line train, and get off at the Addison stop which drops you off at the stadium.The hotel's entrance has an unloading area on Grand that is convenient for pulling into for unloading your group and luggage. An attendant will ask if you will be valet parking. Valet is $40 per day with in and out privileges. Self-parking is $26 per day after you have the parking ticket validated at the front desk. The regular price on the sign in the garage is $35 per day. The self-parking garage is connected to the hotel with entrances on both Grand and Ohio. If you are planning on parking your car and leaving it during your stay, this is the way to go. If you do self-parking, ask for the front desk to validate your ticket before you leave. When it is time to depart, you'll then insert your card into an automatic payment machine just outside the lobby to the right that you can pay with a credit card or cash.When I go back to Chicago, I am definitely going to be staying at the Hilton Garden Inn - Downtown.	
Aug 4 2008 	enjoyed the stay	The rooms were spacious and clean (looked like new). The bed and pillows were very comfortable and the room had a refrigerator, coffee pot, and free internet access. It is located just 2-3 blocks from Michigan Avenue and is near a lot of restaurants and shopping. Several theatres are within a short walk (5-6 blocks). The only negative was that housekeeping did not attempt to clean our room until after 5:00 pm when we were getting ready for dinner and a show. I would stay here again.	
Jul 29 2008 	Great Hotel!	Hilton Garden Inn is a wonderful place to stay in Chicago. We stayed the week of 7/20-7/26 and it was fantastic. Our room was clean and neat throughout our stay. We got to stay on the 22nd floor, which had fantastic views. Our children enjoyed the pool several times during our stay. The staff was wonderful.One item that not too many people mention is the convenience of having a refrigerator and a microwave in our hotel room. There is a grocery store right across the street, and we were able to stock up on sodas, waters, orange juice, fruit, etc., at very reasonable prices. We even purchased cold cuts for sandwiches and had lunch in our rooms, to help save money. Every bit helps!We had an excellent stay, the beds were extremely comfortable, and the hotel itself is in a perfect location. I would recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 26 2008 	Bad Experience	This hotel seemed like a good deal, and it's location is great for sure. The room was nice enough...However, the problems began as we checked in for our one night stay. Rude staff were the norm. For instance, we had a couple of little questions and needed directions, pretty standard stuff, but the staff ignored us and when we did get their attention, seemed very put-out. And we're Hilton Honors members!There were also lots of little inconveniences: - very little sound proofing, so we heard EVERYTHING that took place in the hallway all night long.- no WiFi, just plugged-in internet (so you have to keep your laptop on the desk in the corner when in the room)- the printing services that were advertised did not work (and again, no one was available to help us use them)- we ran out of toothpaste, and found there were no complimentary toiletries if you forgot something, purchase for $5 plus only.And, at the attached restaurant, absolutely the WORST breakfast buffet I have ever had in a hotel. We had to leave early, so it was one of the only places open at that hour. Big mistake. Even at 6:30am, the food was cold, stale and generally bad. The omelettes, made to order, were the only good option available. And this for something like $15. I'm sure it's good for other meals, but avoid the breakfast!I'm confident you can find something better in Chicago for this price.	
Jul 23 2008 	Solid hotel with good location	Location is great, right on north side of river.. good restaurant in lobby (weber), nice clean rooms.. the &quot;gotchas&quot; -&gt; loud A/C in the rooms&gt; the internet access is ok, but kinda slow&gt; the starbucks in the lobby isn't worth it - not a full BUX, take a walk to a real one	
Jul 20 2008 	Great stay	Great location, very clean and the staff were very friendly. The room had everything we needed and was very comfortable.	
Jul 18 2008 	very pleasant stay (even though 'L' stop was closed)	We called ahead to alert the hotel of our late check-in due to flight troubles and we had no problems when we checked in around midnight; the room we had requested was ready for us.The room was clean, included a mini-fridge, microwave, computer desk, etc. The bathroom was stocked with Neutrogena toiletries.We heard minimal traffic from our 18th floor room. We enjoyed the pantry and Starbucks found in the lobby.The front desk staff were curtious and quick with a map when we asked for directions. There were no problems checking our luggage at the front desk for a few hours after we had checked out.We did not have time to eat at the Weber Grill restaurant found within the hotel but we heard it was great.One downfall outside of the hotel's control... We chose the hotel for it's close proximity to a red line 'L' stop, but found that stop closed upon arrival. The red line next stop was about 4-5 blocks walking distance. If you're choosing the hotel based on it's proximity to the 'L', call ahead to check the status of the stop - we were told the stop has been closed often on weekends for repair.Overall, a very pleasant stay.	
Jun 25 2008	Great Location	Just got back from Chicago and wanted to write my review while everything is fresh in my mind. We arrived in the early afternoon and our room wasn't ready. Check in was at 3pm, so that was fine. They held our bags and we did some sightseeing. Returned to the hotel and our room was ready. On first entering our room which was 1711 there was a slight odor. Not bad or anything. Then when I went into the bathroom, there was a mildewy smell. I really hate that smell. But it wasn't so bad to ask for a room change. There is no fan in the bathroom and with no air circulation, the mildewy smell is going to occur. So those are some things that bugged me. The staff at the front desks changes often. Most of the staff isn't really that helpful. We asked once for a restaurant recommendation and was given the answer &quot;there are a lot of restaurants, here is a list&quot;. That isn't really what I was looking for. Then we asked directions several times and they just weren't helpful and didn't seem to care. There is one perk. Warm cookies are offered around 6:30 to 7:30 and I think again a bit later in the evening. The red line train stops right in front of the hotel so that is another plus. The location is great. Close to everything. I don't think I would stay here again, without attempting to try another hotel first. It isn't that I had a bad stay, but I think I could have had a bit of a nicer room without the smells and staff that would love to help me more.	
Jun 10 2008 	Glad I was moved here	I was originally booked at The Silversmith for my trip to Chicago for NeoCon, however because I had booked through Orbitz my room was not guaranteed and The Silversmith was oversold. They moved me to the HGI, and I'm glad they did! It was closer to the Merch Mart so I could walk there instead of taking a cab, there are many restaurants nearby including the Weber Grill attached to the hotel, the service was great and the room very comfortable. Because I arrived around 11 am, I had the choice of waiting for a regular King room or taking a King Wheelchair room right away, and I took the Wheelchair room. I don't think the room size is much different, but the bathroon is big enough for a wheelchair to spin donuts in and has a wheel-in shower with a &quot;rain&quot; style showerhead. The beds are interesting, they are like a Sleep Number bed with controls on each side to change the comfort level. A refrigerator and microwave were much appreciated, and FREE wired internet access (the first free access I have come across in Chicago!). My only complaint is that the drapes do not cover the entire window. There is a 3-4 foot space above the A/C unit that the sheers cover, but not the drapes, and the morning sun shone right on my pillow. It's a good thing Ineeded to be up early! Also there was some sort of computer issue when I checked in, and when I returned to my room the afternoon of the 2nd day my keys didn't work. When I went to the desk, I was told that I had only been booked for one night, but when I showed them my receipt from the Silversmith stating it was a two-night trip they fixed the error quickly with no hassles. All in all I enjoyed my stay here and am glad I was moved!	
Jun 9 2008 	Just what we wanted	We were in Chicago for 4 nights just to sightsee, and we wanted to stay somewhere centrally located but less than $200/night. This hotel was perfect. Two blocks north of the river, two blocks west of the Magnificent Mile, with a subway stop right at the corner.The room was very clean, plenty big, lots of towels. The mattresses are air-filled, with a control on each side - we played with them, but couldn't tell the difference in settings. They were comfortable - we really couldn't tell that they weren't regular mattresses.Even though we were on the 15th floor there was a lot of street noise - but we live in the country, so we probably notice it more than most.The front desk staff was efficient and friendly, the valets were very nice, and they have a small area next to the front desk where you can purchase snacks and such 24 hours/day.I would definitely stay there again.	
May 26 2008 	Nice but not quiet	The hotel has a lot to like - comfy beds, a nice (if small) pool area if you have a child in tow, free broadband (wired), and friendly staff. However, it's not quiet. There is a substantial gap at the bottom of each door, so hallway conversations and door slamming will be clearly audible. The windows have good sound insulation but the AC units do not, so traffic noise and sirens pour in at all hours.I liked it well enough, but the noise coming in was loud enough that it kept my three year old from getting to sleep. I understand it's a hotel in the middle of the city, but that's too loud.	
Apr 7 2008 	Great Location and positive experience	My boyfriend used some Hilton Rewards points to book two nights here. We had a lovely stay. I love the location (close to many restaurants, shopping, and night life). Our room was very comfortable and quiet. We may not have had immediate neighbors because we didn't hear any of the other guests. The bathroom and tolietries were nice and the bed was comfortable. We had coupons for the complimentary buffet (might have been because my boyfriend has a high status in Hilton Reward Points) and it was very filling. I would defininately stay here again and would recommend it to others.	
Mar 27 2008 	Good Value	I spent five nights at the Hilton Garden having read the reviews on tripadivsor. My room was clean, quiet, with a comfortable bed-- all at a really good rate. However, this is not a high service hotel which is just fine based on the rate and convenient location. My biggest complaint was the total absence of door help when I arrived from a very long 9 hour flights with 3 bags I had to navigate through two door with no help. There were 3 front desk people watching me, a 60 year old woman, struggling with this process, but no help came to my aid. However, my check-in clerk did thoughtfully put me in a higher floor room so it would be quiet. The room they were going to put me in was on the 1st floor where I could enjoy the roadwork being done right outside. Housekeeping was a little goofy. I never had the same towel count twice but it was just me so it was not a problem. The creamers they leave for your coffee were also often not left, but the front desk always sent up some when I called.My room was quiet as long as no one was in the hall making noise. There was a half inch space between the door and threshold to my room so hall noise came right in. A family group staying in multiple rooms around me were really loud but I could not hear them once they got into their rooms.I was most pleased with the comfortable bed and having a frig with microwave. Overall a good value for the rate. But if they raised the rate, I would choose a higher service hotel as a single travelers.	
Mar 19 2008 	Excellent!	For a reasonably priced hotel in downtown Chicago, this place is hard to beat. The rooms are smallish, but clean and recently updated. The bed in my room was extremely comfortable, there was a fridge and microwave, a great office chair, and a well designed bathroom. The staff were universally excellent, especially the valet parking guys, who deserve special praise for being friendly, quick and efficient.One quibble: no Wi-Fi in the rooms, just an Ethernet connection with a cable that doesn't very far past the desk. On the positive side, there's a 24-hour business centre that allows guests to print documents either on site or from their rooms. Also, the heater is pretty noisy, so if you tend to be cold at night and are also sensitive to white noise, this may not be the place for you.Breakfast at Weber's downstairs is an extortionate $15, and Mary's Diner down the street serves bland and greasy food. There's a Starbucks in the lobby that's open only in the morning, another around the corner that's open all day long, and a local chain called Cosí a block east, which serves breakfast bagels, etc. Not a gourmet experience, but definitely edible. Otherwise the location is fantastic -- within walking distance of all the attractions of the Magnificent Mile, easy access to the El, etc.I'd definitely stay here again.	
Feb 29 2008 	almost perfect	Very nice location just a couple of blocks off North Michigan Ave. shopping area. Super comfortable beds and VERY CLEAN room. Included microwave &amp; frig. We really liked the hot tub and the pool was comfortable temperature for this time of year. (actually warm enough to swim in). Staff was friendly and helpful. The only things wrong were quite minor. Such as heater blower could have been a bit quieter and bathtub was a bit slow to drain. Would definately recommend it for anyone wanting a clean,comfortable, well located, and resonably priced hotel.	
Feb 29 2008 	Just one night!	I stayed in this hotel for one night and I would definitely recommend it. Not only were the rooms spacious and very comfortable but the location is excellent.The staff were fantastic, very helpful to a couple of weary travelers! My only quibbles were that I had an ajoining room where the folks through the connecting door were loud, very loud at 2am in the morning and you could hear everything between the doors. It also took me awhile to figure out how to use the bath and shower but I figured it out.I would recommend the hotel, if you're going there though check out Mary's for breakfast ~ head out the front door and go left 4 blocks and it's there.	
Feb 20 2008 	Very clean and spacious excellent location	Booked this hotel through priceline for a quick business trip. Very clean and quiet; very well appointed and spacious rooms and excellent location. Business center and indoor pool were added bonuses. Would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 16 2008	Highly recommend it	I stayed at this hotel alone for one night and was not disappointed. I chose the hotel based on the good rate I found rather than location, which was not a factor for me. My room, 2119, was very clean and aesthetically pleasant. The bathroom was clean with Neutrogena products provided. There was a microwave and small fridge. The bed was wonderful, very fluffy pillows. I did not want to crawl out after a great night's sleep. I did take note of how quiet it was. I'm used to hearing people in the hallways or next door regardless of the type of hotel I stay in but this was not the case here.I would stay here again.	
Jan 28 2008 	Great hotel - Great Location	My husband and I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in January 2008. The hotel was a in a great central location close to all of the local tranport. The hotel has recently been refurbished and the rooms are lovely and bright. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting the Chicago area.	
Jan 27 2008 	Couldn't have wished for better accomodation and location	We booked this hotel after reading other reviews on tripadvisor and we were not disappointed. This hotel is definitely more than a three star in our eyes. Checking in was painless and we were able to check in early with no problem. The staff were friendly and helpful.The room was lovely, beds extremely comfortable. The room was very clean and tidy. The housekeeping did an exceptional job everyday we stayed there.The location was excellant also, very easy to walk to the Magnificent Mile and into the city. The hop on and off bus stop was not that far away either.Overall it was the best accomodation for value for money we have stayed in.	
Jan 12 2008 	Good base of operations	I'll preface by saying the hotel is being renovated and should be complete in March; we stayed on an &quot;old&quot; floor, so take some things in stride. We went for a weekend shopping trip and booked a room because of a decent price and good location. The check-in and all interactions with the staff was excellent. They were friendly, professional, informative, helpful and always pleasant.  The room seemed small at first because of the dark colors, but is really adequate with a small kitchenette &amp; nice work area. The work station had a nice-sized desk, comfortable office chair and was well lit. I don't hear well, so if I note it, it is definitely loud. The old heat/cooling unit was rather loud (and annoying). The sirens from below bothered my wife (we were on the 14th floor). It wasn't a busy weekend, but we both heard everything in the hallway. The bed was comfortable for me, too soft for my wife. The bathroom was clean, and the rest of the room seemed okay, but had some suspicious deficiencies, such as stains on the chair, drapery, wall and ceiling (don't ask me!). The TV hutch was very dusty on top (we were going to store some purchases out of the way there...we decided against it). The carpet probably could have used a good cleaning. I'm not sure how much they've been delaying maintenance because of the renovation, so some issues might be rectified by. (To be fair, I did not contact the management about the situation). Room service is from either the Weber Grill (on the ground floor) or from Buca de Beppo (on block east). We had ribs at the Weber Grill (they were good) but that's another story. Given the service, price and location, and assuming that the renovations reduce the noise and cleanliness issues, we would recommend this property as a good base for your time in downtown Chicago.	
Jan 10 2008 	Great Every Time!	Great hotel, very clean and smart, very friendly and helpful staff, good food, free internet, great location, not too big nor small...just great really! Stay here all the time when in Chicago!	
Jan 4 2008	Poor Customer Service from Maid to Manager	Not a place to stay for the customer service or the price. I hope this keeps at least one person or more from staying here. Maid service will knock on your door at 7:30 regardless of Do not distrub sign. I stay mostly at Hilton properties (Hilton Honors Gold Member) and this has been the worst. I called the front desk to have the maid comeback and she continued to try to get into the room until I opened the door and said go away. When I checked out they were no apologies or resolution. I was told that they were busy and wanted to have the room ready for the next guest. Checkout time was 11 and I was not able to check into the room until after 4pm when I arrived 3 days earlier. It was a total lack of respect that was undeserved. Hotel Management was no help and did not speak very good english. They would not return calls and I registered a complaint with the Honors line. Even the Hampton Inn has a policy of 100% satisfaction. This does not extend to the Hilton Garden. I work for a major Vendor and attend the RSNA every year. I will not stay there again and have instructed my travel agent who books room in June for this conference not to place anyone there if at all possible. Gold Hilton Honors Member.	
Jan 2 2008 	Great location and value	The Hilton Garden Inn Downtown/Magnificent Mile provides good accommodations, great location, and a reasonable price. Located at State/Grand, the hotel: is a couple of blocks from the Magnificent Mile shopping area, has a subway station (Grand, on Red Line) right at its door, and has numerous restaurants in walking distance. Rooms are not lavish or large, but are clean and decent, provide a mini-fridge, mini-microwave and coffee maker. Small business center has 3 computers with free Internet access (used by a couple of teenaged girls surfing MySpace when I was there). There is a small pool and tiny fitness room. Weber Grill restaurant is a decent chain-type bar/restaurant for steaks/ribs/burgers.	
Jan 1 2008	A great hotel	This hotel was great, especially for the price and location. I was expecting a dump becasue it was so cheap and I don't like to read many reviews before staying somewhere because I tend to remember other people's comments. We paid around $100/night for the weekend before X-mas, which was a great deal. The room was clean, the beds were very comfortable and I enjoyed the free wireless internet and in-room fridge. The rooms were on the medium side, but who goes to Chicago to sit in their room? The front desk staff were VERY nice and offered us a free shopping map that was very helpful. We parked in the hotel ramp and paid $22/night to park. This is CHEAP by Chicago standards!! I paid $40/night to park a block away last year. The location is GREAT and is very close to the Mag mile. There's also ESPN zone across the street, a close McDonalds and a new Subway practically kitty-korner to the hotel. We went at lunch and it was empty becasue they are new and it's kind of off the beaten path.  Weber Grill is in the lobby-area and you can smell grilled food in the hotels hallways, even 22 floors up, but the rooms DO NOT smell. We heard a lot of people in the halls, but no one in the next room. Also, Chicago is a loud city and you'll hear sirens all night, but this has happened at every hotel I've stayed in Chicago. The pool area is small, but if you just want to relax for a while, it'll work.  I would definatley stay in this hotel again. You can look, but you will not find another quality hotel this close to the Mag Mile for this price. I'm pretty picky about nice hotels and this one passed by standards.	
Dec 30 2007	very convenient great value	I would return here for a clean, safe, comfortable place in an ideal central location for touring, with great service at the front desk. We stayed at the Peninsula a few years ago and that is a knock-your-socks-off world class luxury hotel. This is not -- it's a nice business class Hilton family property. But I would actually prefer to return to this one, instead of the Peninsula, because it is more centrally located, and I don't need to pay for all that luxury when we are out touring all day. We like to walk, and we were able to walk to the boat tours, the old Marshall Field in the Loop, Berghoff, the Sears Tower, Navy Pier, the Magnificent Mile and the Hancock building, all from the HGI. The Peninsula was a little bit further north, less convenient to the Loop, and so we found ourselves using many more cabs. We had a great lunch at Berghoff (weekday lunches on the main floor are as good as ever, including the homemade root beer) and we also had a lot of fun at dinner and great traditional food in a German neighborhood place to the north, the Chicago Brauhaus in Lincoln Square.	
Dec 19 2007 	I can see clearly	I was in Chicago to have lasik surgery and the lasik center recommended this hotel because it was close and they give a discount for people going to the center. We got there before check in because of my appointment time and the front desk was great. The room was not ready but said that they would keep our bags and take them to the room when it was ready. The woman working at the desk and the gentleman that helped with the bags were so nice. They both ask how I was doing when I got back from the center and also told us about the restaraunts in the area. It was a great stay!!	
Dec 16 2007 	Disappointed......	This hotel has so many good reviews that we decided to book it for our two week stay in Chicago. 2 years ago, we stayed in the Palmer House Hilton so thought we'd try its little sister!We're now in the second week of our stay and I must say, I'm really disappointed in the hotel. Don't get me wrong, the hotel itself is ideally placed with the red line El (Grand) right outside the door and the Mag Mile within walking distance. Also, the staff are friendly and the room bigger than expected, clean and tidy.Our main issue is noise. From everywhere. We're on the 13th floor and can hear absolutely everything either of our neighbours does, especially when in the bathroom which is embarrassing for both parties! You can hear word for word everything your neighbour says if you're in the bathroom whilst they're talking in their own room. At nightime, you can hear the toilets flushing on either side and if someone decides to have a late night/early morning bath or shower then believe me, you'll know about it!Also, even with the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign positioned on your door, you'll be sure to hear the maids as they go about their daily duties, shouting out to each other from the other end of the corridor. We've also had other guests stand outside our door and have animated conversations on their mobiles, or with other guests in the middle of the night. The air conditioning unit is another story altogether and for the first few nights, ours was coming every ten minutes then going off again. We reported this and were advised an engineer would look at it but haven't heard anything since. We've came up with our own way of making sure the outburts are now shorter so our sleep isn't disturbed too much during the night.We considered asking for a room move but reckon all the rooms must be the same, we've came to the conclusion that the walls are made of tissue paper.All in all, the hotel is certainly a nice place, and has the bonus of having three pc's in the business centre which you can access free internet but please, if you're coming here for peace and quiet then I'd choose another hotel.	
Dec 9 2007 	We loved the Hilton Garden Inn	We booked our hotel in early November for a one night stay in early December. We used expedia and got a rate of $99 plus tax. The great thing is that parking is only $22 a night if you self park with no in/out privelages. The parking garage is attached to the hotel so it is convenient. We had a room with a king bed, microwave, mini-fridge, coffee maker, blow dryer and more. The room felt exceptionally clean. The bed was a therapeutic. The comforter was white and soft and you could tell it is kept clean. It felt like home, not the tacky, old multi-colored comforters/bedspreads many hotels use. The view was good. The staff was nice and helpful. There is a pool and jacuzzi tub on the 12 floor along with a business center. The pool is a bit small but very clean and the jacuzzi was wonderful. The hotel is in a great location with easy walking to the magnificant mile on Michiagn Ave and much more. There is a mini-starbucks store right in the lobby. The restaurant P.F. Changs is attached to the hotel along with a grill with a nice bar. I would go back to this hotel again, even if I didn't get the same great rate. It is tough to get that low of a parking rate at most hotels.	
Nov 11 2007 	Very Good Stay	I attended a convention the week of Nov. 6th. Before I made my reservation, I tried to obtain a room at one of the more exclusive hotels, but they were sold out due to several conventions scheduled that week. The Hilton Garden Inn was a very pleasant surprise. My room offered a good view of the cityline, good size and comfortable linens. I am very picky about my sleeping quarters, and this was very suitable and very clean. The bathroom was adequate. The service and staff was great! This was my first trip to Chicago and I wanted to experience the luxury's that Chicago offers. The hotel is in a great location and the Weber Grill located in the hotel had good steaks. Also, on the corner, I dined at PF Changs, which is always very good. Make sure you visit the Hancock Observatory and dine on the upper level for lunch, make sure you visit the restroom for the view. Also, you can't miss the Navy Pier. My favorite, of course, was the shopping on the Magnificent Mile! What an experience. Needless to say, I came with luggage weighing 24lbs and left with 46lbs and two carry on shopping bags.	
Oct 14 2007 	No luxury hotel - but good value for money	I stayed in this hotel for leisure for five days and was overall quite satisfied with my experience. The big advantage of this hotel is its location - it is very conveniently located in the near north area just two blocks away from MagMile and a few more from the Loop. It is also one of the more inexpensive hotels in this area and offers spotlessly clean rooms, free high-speed Internet access and comfortable beds. The service we received was efficient and faultless. Additionally, I found the hotel much more quiet than I expected from reading some of the reviews on Tripadvisor. All in all, I found it was a good base for exploring Chicago.What are the downsides? The rooms as well as the lobby are a bit on the small side by US-standards. The lobby and the adjacent Weber Grill Restaurant can become pretty crowded at times, especially during breakfast and dinner &quot;rush hours&quot;. The Starbucks in the lobby has very limited opening hours (actually it was closed most of the time when I fancied a hot drink) which is not a big problem as there are various grocery stores and cafes around the hotel. All in all, it is not really a luxurious place to stay but rather a hotel that offers above-average standard at reasonable prices.Would I stay there again? On a similar occasion, yes.	
Oct 2 2007	very ordinary	The hotel is in a great location, however the rooms and amenities are below expectations. The night I stayed their website price was $405 a night - I pricelined for about $90. The latter price was more than enough. The rooms are small. The staff are way less than three star. Take it from a seasoned traveler.... ok, but don't pay a lot for this.	
Sep 27 2007 	Very good hotel	very good hotel, ideally situated. everything is within walking distance. very clean. friendly staff. it has a pool with a small jacuzzi, a business center and high speed internet in the room. the best thing about this hotel is that it's a very quiet hotel although it is located in downtown.Sita &amp; Gieta	
Sep 14 2007 	Great location small pool	Stayed here for a long weekend in Chicago. Staff were all really friendly and helpful. Room was pleasant as you would expect. The hotel location is great (walking distance) for the Magnificent Mile (shopping) and The Loop. There are plenty of bars/restaurants in the area, including the Weber Grill attached to the hotel. There is a pool &amp; jacuzzi, however no sauna or steam room, and the pool is very small indeed! There is free internet access in the rooms, or in the business centre if you haven't brought your laptop!	
Sep 14 2007 	Friendly staff lovely room fantastic location	I booked a room for myself and a friend through Hotwire and got a good deal on the room. At check-in the staff were friendly and helpful and the desk staff always had a friendly smile and greeting whenever we passed through reception regardless of what time of the day or night it was. The room had two queen-sized beds and we experienced no problems with house keeping, the bedroom and bathroom were immaculately clean every day. We had breakfast in the Weber Grill attached to the hotel on the first day and it was the only low point of the stay. The breakfast was cold (this was at 10am and breakfast sevice ended at 10.30 am) and expensive but the waiting staff were very nice and on another visit (this time for lunch) the food was very good. Most of the other guests were also quite young and there seemed to be a few bachelorette parties staying but even so it didn't seem too noisy. Overall, a fantastic hotel with an unbeatable location.	
Aug 27 2007 	Fast response from House Keeping	We were stuck at Chicago O'Hare on lay over as the airport shut down due to weather. We were very happy to be able to snag a room for the night, our rate was about $210. Since we arrived without our bags, at check in I asked for a basic toiletry kit. They said they would call housekeeping. Nada. I call housekeeping, they quickly brought toothpaste and brush for one, we needed 2, plus do they have a bathrobe? Another quick response and we had what we requested. I expected the hotel could provide an actual kit, with shaver, deodorant, comb, toothpaste/brush etc.Food: Call room service, no response. Try again, busy signal. Again, no response. Call front desk, they tried, no response. &quot;must be busy, try again later&quot;. We keep trying and finally after about 15 minutes we are connected with room service. Room delivery was speedy and the pizza was good along with the Mrs. Parks house cabernet.Bathroom: The shower curtain needed changing as it smelled moldy. As I showered, even though I was careful to get the curtain all right, I still flooded the floor. There were only 3 towels for the room and I hated to waste the &quot;spare&quot; on the floor to mop up the water. Water pressure was okay, plenty of hot water and there is a supply of soaps and lotions and shampoo.Room/bed: Nice layout with desk sitting area and then the flat panel TV. Comfy bed with a pillow top. Down comforter and pillows, soft sheets. Cozy for the weary traveler.Breakfast: No complimentary breakfast. Food was good and service great.Check out: Simple. Grab an airport shuttle at the front door and back to O'Hare.It looked like a nice location, the area was very clean, a nice area of the city. Obviously we didn't spend much time there.	
Aug 26 2007 	Great experience	My family and I just spent 3 nights at the Hiton Garden Inn Chicago and had a great stay. Every staff member we had contact with from check-in to check-out was totally professional and went out of their way to be helpful. The location of this property is great for getting to shopping, dining, and the shows. Be sure to inquire about the breakfast package especially if you are traveling with children.	
Aug 15 2007 	Wish I had stayed longer	I only stayed here for one night in July but I wish it had been longer. The room was excellent with a king size bed and it was, without doubt, the comfiest bed I have ever slept in, even without using the possible adjustments. I did not want to get up in the morning! There was also the use of a fridge which is always a plus with me. It is nearby to shopping areas, including a very useful supermarket where I got an international phone card. The pool is small but at 10.30 pm I had it to myself. I went to the Weber Grill for breakfast where the staff were friendly and I got the most delicious pancakes, freshly made for me. I was sorry to leave so soon.	
Aug 13 2007 	Great location nice hotel.	We stayed at this hotel for a weekend girls' get-away for some shopping and clubbing. Overall, we really liked the hotel. It was clean, the rooms were nice (albeit rather small), the beds were VERY comfortable, and we had an amazing view from our corner room. The location can't be beat. We found the staff to be curteous and helpful. I would recommend this hotel for sure. And one other perk...a Starbucks in the lobbey. :)	
Aug 13 2007 	Great Chicago location	We picked this hotel based on the good reviews and also it's close proximity to the Magnificent Mile, boat cruise and other attractions. We were able to walk with small children to many of our destinations. Also the hotel is a short distance from one of the free trolley stops.As for the hotel itself: Check-in went very fast. Our clean room had two comfy queen beds that had tons of great pillows. We stayed on the 21st floor, so traffic noise wasn't a problem. The bathroom was a nice size and our room had a mini fridge, microwave, coffeemaker and high speed Internet access. The swimming pool was small, but it served the purpose. The hot tub was clean and the whole swimming pool area was in nice shape with lots of clean towels. Two floors of the hotel had wireless Internet access. On one side of the lobby is a Starbucks that was open in the morning hours and on the opposite side is the Weber Grill. We didn't go to either one, but the Weber Grill was packed for dinner, so they must be doing something right. The hotel has valet and self parking. The parking structure is connected to the building and has easy access to the hotel. Parking was $22.00 a day which was reasonable considering other hotels charge much more. My only complaint is that the concierge didn't know a thing about the free trolley service, so he wasn't much help to us.I'd stay at the Hilton Garden Inn again for the convenient location. At less then $200.00 a night, I thought it was a good deal for being in the heart of Chicago.	
Aug 6 2007 	Perfect choice for Chicago-trip	After reading all the tripadvisor-reviews, we decided to go for this hotel. Good choice!We 've stayed here 3 nights and everything was really good.The hotel itself is clean, nicely decorated (nothing special, but just as you would expect from a Hilton/garden inn) and the location is really perfect! Downtown, close to the nicest stores, attractions, bus stops and restaurants; great!The staff is VERY friendly, the breakfast at the Weber Grill (which was free for us, as Hilton Honors members) is really nice and everything's freshly prepared to your order. The room we had was very spacious and clean. I would really recommend this hotel.	
Aug 4 2007 	Fine--not perfect	This hotel is in a great location just off the magnificant mile. It's a garden inn--not the ritz. The room was clean and adequate, but not large and luxurious. We had a few minor problems with housekeeping (but they were responsive and took care of it immediately) and the cooling unit--hard to maintain a steady temperature--but nothing serious (or we would have rated it lower). The staff was friendly. We would happily stay there again, but also would consider other places.	
Jul 29 2007 	Noisy room	This hotel was in a great location but staff were very impersonal .While we were checking in the clerk kept answering the phone.The room was fairly spacious but the A/C was very noisy. We turned it off to discover we could hear other rooms aircon. All we wanted was a quiet room. I would not stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 17 2007 	Girls Weekend at the Hilton	I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn the weekend of July 15th. As other reviewers have noted, this hotel is in a great location. It seemed we were able to walk everywhere.As Hilton Honors members, we received free breakfast buffet coupons at the Weber Grill (connected to the hotel). Good buffet - nothing fancy - but a great way to start the day with made to order omelettes, pancakes, potatoes, french toast, bacon, sausage, pastries, etc.The hotel is definitely understaffed. There always seemed to be a line at the front desk regardless of the time of day. I needed to call on three separate occasions for a wake up call and was put on hold for over 5 minutes each time.The rooms are nothing fancy and seemed a bit small, but were clean and had comfortable beds.I have stayed at this hotel before and would stay again.	
Jun 28 2007 	Big Hotel well positioned small rooms	In Chicago for a conference. Stayed at the Hilton for its location which was great. Good facilities, good health suite/indoor pool. Food and service very good. Rooms clean, well maintained although rather small.	
Jun 18 2007	Great for Young Teenagers	Stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn downtown in mid-May with a group of 17 (8th grade trip of 10 students + 7 parents). We had a great time! The location can't be beat, as it was easy walking distance to many restaurants, Navy Pier, Michigan Avenue, etc. We used plenty of public transportation (trolley, city bus, subway, &quot;el&quot;) which were very easy to access. The staff was extremely helpful with transportation questions. The kids loved the small pool (which is to be expected in downtown Chicago). We purchased breakfast foods/snacks at the Jewel Osco across the street and stocked the in-room refrigerators. Rooms were just the right size, and the elevators were quick.Would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
May 29 2007 	Great location and clean rooms	I recently stayed in this Hotel again, I again got a clean room that was not that noisy, because it was on the 20th floor. The bed was great to sleep in and they had free high spped internet.Thx to my HH status, I got invited to breakfast - which was served at the hotel restaurant, called Weber Grill. It was a good buffet with great bacon and lovely pancakes.The location of the hotel can not be beaten: it is a 3 minute walk from North Michigan Ave, right next to a CTA subway station and close to many bars and pubs.It is not a luxery hotel, but great for what you pay for!	
May 28 2007 	Enjoyed the Hilton Garden Inn	I stayed in Late April Early May for a Seminar and this hotel was just fine. The room was sufficient and was less money then the Seminar sponsored hotels and it is only three blocks from Michigan Avenue and all the action. There is a subway/metro entrance directly in front of the property if you need public transport, but not to be confused with EL or the Elevated Train, which could be loud in the evening. Great Stay and Drama Free..	
May 8 2007 	What you need to know	Getting to this hotel from O'Hare by public transport is very easy but may not be ideal if you have a lot of luggage or a few kids. Hop on the blue line, switch at Jackson to the red line, get off at Grand and the hotel is at the top of the stairs, cost $2!! The journey takes about an hour. The red line also takes you to Wicked, get off at Randolph and Washington. We always found a queue at reception, the staff continuously stopped dealing with customers to answer the phone, maybe a telephonist would solve the Q problem. The room was a little gloomy but clean, the air con was one of those huge old boxes and was very very loud, nothing subtle about it at all. The traffic noise was considerable but in a downtown hotel that is to be expected. However this faded into insignifcance when compared with the constant mysterious droaning noise, the sort of noise that hurts your whole body and not just your ears. We hoped it would go but it didn't, we tracked it down to pipes lurking behind a door on the opposite side of the corridor, I asked for a different room. The hotel was fully booked and it would be midnight before the staff knew of cancellations, the receptionist promised to call before she went off duty to let us know if we could move, she didn't call, she promised to get us earplugs, they didn't arrive, she promised to leave a message for the next shift, someone was to call us at 7.30am, she didn't appear to leave the message and they didn't call. Finally after explaing the whole story again the following morning we were moved, a lower room, worse traffic noise but that was ok.............until the dripping started. I awoke in the early hours to hear water dripping onto the ceiling above the bed, it was very annoying, I left a note and a generous tip for housekeeping and asked that they report this problem. I returned from my day out to find it had not been resolved, the guy on reception said he would deal with it immediatley, I returned after Wicked went to bed and woke in the early hours with drip drip drip....So 3 sleepless nights in the Hilton Garden Inn.On the plus side, breakfast in the Weber Grill was good, very attentive staff and eggs, pancakes and omlettes made to order. Cosmopolitans at the bar were great.Out and about, exit front door and turn right, walk along a few blocks and you will come across a good Irish Bar, Fado. On this same street you will find a Rain Forest Cafe, a Hard Rock Cafe and the anniversary McDonalds, the poshest Mickey D's you will ever see and the only one I have ever been in where the food in real life is as good as the photographs. You will also find a stop for the Hop On Hop Off tour which was very good value but it's the luck of the draw when it comes to guides. We had Baron &quot;the sexiest tour guide on the planet even if he did say so himself&quot; he was interesting and funny, the next guy wasn't so hot. Good stops are the Navy Pier, a little quiet during our visit, the art museum which had more Monets than you could shake a stick at, the aquarium, fab penguins and of course Sears Tower, well organised and no real queues.We saw Wicked which was good but not great, Elphaba has a tremendous voice but lacked a bit of stage presence, Glinda saved the show. I should add that we watched Mary Poppins on Broadway the previous week, it was totally fabulous and perhaps this jaded our view of Wicked just a little bit. As noted in the prvious reviews, the Mag Mile and Nordstroms are a few steps away. Chicago is a beautiful city, for folk in Ireland, Aer Lingus do direct flights from Dublin, pop over for a few days, you won't regret it.Would I stay here again? Yes, if they could guarantee a good nights sleep. The location is superb and its good value for money	
May 8 2007 	Great Location Decent Property	The best feature of this property is the location. It is only a few blocks off Michigan Avenue in the heart of the Magnificent Mile. A rail rapid transit station entrance (Grand Street Station on the Red Line subway) is right outside the door, which is convenient, especially if you are going to a baseball game as this line serves both U.S. Cellular Field (White Sox) and Wrigley Field (Cubs). The property itself is fine, but nothing special. It is a standard Hilton Garden Inn, which microwaves and refrigerators in each room. The rooms are smaller than the usual Hilton Garden Inn and also not as well furnished as most Hilton Garden Inns, but are very clean, if not quite spotless. Includes a fairly nice business center and small fitness room, with a small, but nice pool. As a bonus, hotel guests have complimentary access to a large, full service gym one block away. Instead of the usual, non-descript restaurant that is normally included in Hilton Garden Inns, the Weber Grill restaurant is on the first floor. The food here is extremely good and it includes a lively bar. Breakfast includes a reasonably priced buffet with numerous choices including outstanding bacon and pancakes. The only complaint is that the hotel feels crowded, as if the designers never thought it would sell out. The lobby is small and there are not really enough elevators to properly handle a full house, which is what I encountered the weekend I was there. Most significantly, the front desk was inadequately staffed, resulting in long lines. The staff themselves were very helpful and efficient; there simply were not enough of them to handle the volume of guests. Of course, Hilton Garden Inn is not a full service hotel brand, so a portion of this problem may be attributed to that fact. BOTTOM LINE: A good choice if it is price competitive.	
Apr 25 2007 	Perfect Location	I was in town for the Paddy's day celebrations and the hotel is great for visiting the countless pubs &amp; clubs of this great city. Staff were very friendly and helpful. The rooms were really nice and the Weber grill downstairs is great for food at any time of the day. All in all very good value for money !	
Apr 17 2007 	Great location!	I recently stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn Downtown Chicago. This was my second stay there and I will continue to go back. The location can't be beat. The Red Line Grand el station sits on the property. It is one block from Michigan Ave located on the backside of Nordstroms. There are endless bars and restaurants surrounding the hotel. The Weber Grill bar is a great place to grab a drink and appetizer. Also, if you want a terrific breakfast, go to Snickers on the corner just a block north of restaurant/brewery across the street. Great little place....not fancy, great hashbrowns and eggs for a low price.	
Apr 15 2007	Great location	We stayed at the HGI on 4/6 and 4/7. It is very conveniently located to bus, train and trolley. The buses run one block over on Michigan Ave.There is a grocery store across the street. where you can buy a bus/train pass for $5.00 for 1 day. The hotel was very nice, clean. The beds were comfortable. The room had a microwave, mini fridge and internet connection. I called the hotel to make reservations because we wanted adjoining rooms. I didn't see any place on their website to make that request when booking two rooms. They said that they couldn't guarantee adjoining rooms. I called the morning of 4/6 and asked if they would be available. We were able to get two adjoining rooms with king size beds. We were happy! It helps to be flexible. I would recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Apr 13 2007 	Fine but not the best	Have stayed here on several occasions before, and I have to say that this time round I was a little disappointed - nothing particular, but on previous stays I'd been put in rooms on the higher floors of the hotel and I remember them as more spacious and comfortable than the room I was given this time, on the 16th floor. Terrible soundproofing (which wasn't a problem last time I stayed) meant that I could hear everything from both rooms next door - the TV, people in the bathroom, etc etc. Also the room was a bit more 'tired' and less spacious than I remember. However couldn't complain too much - the price was good, it was perfectly clean and staff are helpful and friendly - it's efficient and in a great location. I just think that there might be better deals out there if you look around - however would be happy to stay here again.	
Mar 29 2007 	Buyer Beware	On March 27th, I booked a 3 night stay in May at this property for$180.00 per night. I quickly realized that I had made a mistakeand the next day tried to add an additional day. On the internetat Hiltons website they allowed me to add an additional dayat $229.00 for each day of my stay. Most hotel companies willsay &quot;we're delighted that you've decided to stay an extra day with us,Hilton says &quot;this is our opportunity to rape you&quot;. I was upset enough that I canceled the entire reservation. Today, March 29thwe called this lovely property and were politely told there wasnothing they could do for us. Mind you, we have been HiltonHonor members since Julyt 1995.. I would be willing to take betson how many times you think I will stay at a Hilton property forthe rest of my life. There are too many hotel companies that really do care about their customers.	
Mar 27 2007 	great!	great hotel in the heart of the city, close to everything. excellent amenities (pool, jacuzzi, computer use etc) and good service. only drawback: the room decor is too 'flowery' (although beds are comfortable and bathroom well equipped).	
Mar 24 2007 	very nice	We had two rooms for our family of six and while they were not connecting, we had no issues. The beds were comfortable and the hotel was quite. The location was great with tons of things within walking distance. We'd stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Mar 16 2007 	NIce clean Hotel- great Location	Stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn March 13-16, 2007. The hotel is in a great location, with Nordstroms 1 block over and Michigan Ave. 2 blocks. The Navy Pier is straight down Grand Ave. and a nice walk if the weather is nice- probably about 10 blocks. We got up and ran along Lake Michigan one morning. We were on the 21st floor at the Hotel. It was very quiet from street noise, however the doors slamming automatically in the halls are loud and annoying. The room has a small microwave, fridge, and are large. The beds are comfortable and firm. NOt the best I have slept on, but adequate. We used the small fitness room which had 2 really good ellipticals, and 3 lower quality treadmills. I also used the business center, which is free to surf the web and print out my airline boarding passes. We got a buy 2 nights get third night free special, which made the hotel very reasonable. The red line sub way is right outside the door and you can get to Lincoln Park area and Shopping on State very easy. A great seafood restaurant- Shaw's is down a block. Highly recommended! Buy your discount theater tickets on[----].overall, I would stay there again. The rooms were very clean and the staff was great! Did not eat at the Wevber Grill.	
Mar 12 2007 	Good Hotel	I stayed at HGI on 3/9 &amp; 3/10. Booked through Travelzoo for a great rate of $89.00 per night. It was very busy with basketball playoffs...not why I was there...so was glad I had booked far in advance. Great location, just a couple of blocks off Michigan Ave. Nice rooms, bathrooms etc. Would definately stay there again. Weber Grill restaurant that is attached is very nice. Try the artichoke dip appetizer and you will be very happy. Steaks are great too! Self park and get validated at the front deak when leaving saves you some money.	
Mar 6 2007 	Great location	This hotel has a great location as others have stated. We used public transportation- the red line was at the door, and the bus a short walk away. We received a corner room xx32 on a high floor. We had two windows and a great view. The fitness room is nice, the pool is tiny- but I had it to myself at 6:30 am.	
Feb 27 2007 	Worked for us	My husband and I booked this last minute and went with the HGI based on price and location. It couldn't have been better for us. There is a red line stop just outside the front door, so it was very convienent to everything from the loop to the water tower and beyond.My only complaint was that they wanted $2 for a granola bar in the gift shop. Insanity. There is a Jewel/Osco grocery around the corner and a Trader Joes nearby, so I stocked up the fridge in our room with juice and snacks (I'm pregnant and must eat constantly).I know there is a pool and workout room but we didn't use it. I think this would be a great hotel for a family.	
Feb 26 2007 	HGI rocks ! Excellent stay 	Excellent mid-level hotel at a very convenient location, and at a very good price for Chicago. Front desk service = Jessica and Diane, were superb! Super nice welcome and very helpful and efficient, handling all requests perfectly. Room was on 20th floor with nice view North of Hancock Tower, and was absolutely quiet, spotlessly clean, and comfortable. The nice amenities included complimentary high-speed in-room internet access, fridge, microwave (perfect for families), good-sized desk, lounge chair w/ottomon, Neutrogena bath products, as well as small pool &amp; hot tub and gym/exercise room. This hotel also offered a &quot;Business center&quot; with (3) computers, printers, and supplies of everything to do business, along with conference rooms on 12th floor...for all guests. The hotel is 2.5 short blocks from famous shopping at Michigan Avenue, and has the &quot;Weber Grill&quot; restaurant attached. We did not try the restaurant, but it seemed perfect for meat lovers... priced like a steakhouse too! Plenty of restaurants, clubs, bars in the area as well. Red Line subway station conveniently right outside front door.Only very minor minus: when the heat/AC unit turns on (like other HGI we've stayed at) seems noisy/loud at first, but got used to it. No problem sleeping.Yes, we'd stay here again .. without hesitation.	
Feb 20 2007 	Loved the HGI	Booked 3 rooms at the HGI this past weekend thru Travelzoo for 89$ back in November. It was a mom and kid's weekend and the hotel couldn't have been any nicer. We had requested an early check in which they accomodated and set us up in a corner of the 22nd floor all together.They rooms are fairly laarge with a microwave and fridge and Neutrogena products. Everyone at the desk was helpful for directions, transportation. The location was EXCELLENT. We walked everywhere and the Red line was right outside. The Navy Pier Trolley right up the street.I would definitely stay here again and would recommend it.Only drawbacks.....the hot tub was not filled the entire time we were theree and after a cold day would have been appreciated. Secondly, I would Not recommend the Webber Grill for breakfast...long lines at the buffet.	
Feb 3 2007 	Veru nice great location..	We found the Hilton Garden Inn to be very clean, fresh and updated, and the location cannot be beat. We got a great rate through the Hilton web site for $129 a night with our third night free. No breakfast is served but we did have a microwave and mini-frigerator. There is a restaurant located off the lobby, mainly barbque, but room service is offered, and numerous restaurants are within a block. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. The indoor pool is nice but small. Nordstroms and Northbridge Shopping Mall are a very short block away, and Michigan Avenue, aka, the Magnificent Mile, is two very short blocks from the hotel door. Parking is availible, for a fee, of course, in a garage attached to the hotel and there is a heated circular driveway from which you may load and unload your car. Bell hops and valets are readily available, but in no way is their service pushed upon you. We would definately stay in this hotel again.	
Jan 15 2007 	Excellent Stay! Great hotel	Great location for a 3 day weekend in Chicago. Staff is friendly and helpful, rooms clean and comfortable. Located 2 easy blocks from Michigan, lots of great restaurants close by, 1/2 mile walk down State to Macy's (former Marshall Fields), the Red Line is steps from the front entrance, a Jewel grocery across the street, Trader Joe's also 2 blocks away....We really found the location and accomodations to be great! The front desk has a list of bars and restaurants in the neighborhood. We arrived at midnight and the front desk gave us several options for places to grab a bite at that late hour. We opted for Mother Hubbards (State and Hubbard). This sports bar definitely was a 'locals' only kind of find. Simple but good bar type food. Don't miss Volare, a really nice Italian restaurant one block east of Michigan on Grand. My recommendation is to share an appetizer (the rolled eggplant was exceptional!), pasta and meat course to get the best value and especially since servings are ample but not too large.	
Jan 13 2007 	Loved the Location!!	We stayed in this hotel for Christmas, the hotel is great, great location, staff were so helpful. The Red train line is just outside the door and it is a $5 cab ride to the nearest blue line (which we used alot) which takes you to some great shopping malls. The breakfast was great as this was included in our room price, lovely buffet. I have to say I missed my proper meals of what I like my potatoes and veg and meat, which is very hard to get, was sick of fast food by the second day. We ate in the restaurant in the hotel a few times and it was ok. I ordered room service one nite, the chicken was cold and I ended up getting food poisoning, which kind of ruined the holiday. But over all I cannot complain about the hotel and I would recommend the store across the street Jewel for stocking up on food as there is a fridge and microwave in the room.	
Jan 7 2007 	Absolutely Perfect!	What a location! We arrived, parked our car, and walked everywhere. It was such a breeze checking in, the staff was incredible, and only $93/night! We will definitely be coming back in the future.	
Jan 5 2007 	Great experience	My husband and I had go to Chicago on somewhat short notice ( to take care of a relative's estate). Since it was going to be a stressful trip, I didn't want to have to worry about the quality of the hotel. I found a reasonable price on Travelocity and booked our stay, and we weren't disappointed. We ended up extending our stay and were able to get an even better rate from the front desk than on the Hilton website.We didn't rent a car, and were able to get around easily (the metro stop is literally outside the hotel, as mentioned in another review). Having a small fridge and a microwave in the room allowed us to keep our food costs down. There's a Jewel/Osco a block away, and a Trader Joe's about two or three blocks away. Plenty of good restaurants in the area, too. The housekeeping staff took good care of our room and were friendly when we wanted to sleep in.	
Jan 2 2007 	Weekdn getaway with the kids	Had a great stay with our two kids over the week of Christmas. Price was right ($93 through Hilton website), location was great (Nordstrom's for the wife and daughter, ESPNZone for my son and me just around the corner) and the staff was efficient and friendly. There are probably a dozen restaurants withina one block radius.The exercise room wasn't huge but had three treadmills and some other machines. The pool was very small and overly-chlorinated but the kids loved it just the same.I would recommend this hotel if you can get a good price on it!	
Jan 2 2007	Perfect Location During A Perfect Weekend	I came home last night from a two night stay at the Hilton Garden Inn. I found a very good price for the New Years Eve weekend at hotels.com. (later a better price of $89.00 per night became available on travelzoo, but I couldn't cancel by original reservation) The location was perfect. We parked in the attached self park garage - nobody at the front desk mentioned anything about parking validation, but I asked at check-out. It saved $11.00 per day. Make sure you ask!The room was very clean and spacious with a great view. There is a fridge and microwave which were very nice to have for our leftover meals that turned into a midnight snack. This may seem silly to some, but the I loved the toiletries they provide. Neutrogena products. I like knowing what I am using instead of mystery brands. The Weber Grill is on the first floor and made for a great lobby bar. We ate breakfast there one morning and were disappointed to see that it was a buffet for $12.00 each. We were hoping we could order steak and eggs. That's okay. The food was good - there was an omlete bar and you could order eggs cooked to your liking if the scrambled ones were not what you wanted. I appreciated the security at the hotel on New Years Eve. After 10pm you had to provide your room key and a picture ID before getting on the elevator. There were also strict rules regarding noise levels and multiple guests in rooms. We didn't have any issues, but it was nice to know that if it were a problem, something would be done. This was a perfect location for shopping, dining, drinking and fun. I'll be back!	
Dec 27 2006	So Convenient to Everything!	We stayed here for a Bears game and general sightseeing. With the Red line right outside the door, we were able to go everywhere we wanted very easily. The hotel is also located right across from a very nice Jewel food store. Great for sodas or snacks.Check in was a breeze and the employees very friendly. We had requested a king nonsmoking and a king smoking and both were ready for us. A nice security feature is you must use your room key to use the elevator.Our room was fairly large, especially for city standards and was spotless with very nice furniture. It also had a microwave and refridgerator along with a coffee pot. We had a view of the Hancock Building and the windows opened slightly for fresh air.It had a good size bath that was also spotless and nice toiletries including lotion and mouthwash which is not often given. Good water pressure and plenty of hot water.The beds were comfy and made up with double sheets which is a nice touch. Pillows were okay but of the foam variety and a little hard. Free internet is a nice feature but charges for local phone calls a little cheap in my opinion.The Weber Grill is located in the hotel and serves a wonderful breakfast buffet with great service.Overall a great stay and would definitely stay there again. Wonderful location just off Michigan Avenue and a nice clean, friendly atmosphere. What more could you ask for.	
Dec 18 2006 	Too Good to be True	Another great stay at the Hilton Garden Inn. This was our 3rd time staying here in two years. We had adjoining rooms with my Mother, Wife and three kids. We paid $89.00 a nite. This rate was through travelzoo. The hotel is in a excellent location. The staff are the friendliest people. I have to say that about everyone we had contact with. You will find that people in Chicago in general are friendly(must be a midwest thing). We also will be returning in March.	
Nov 28 2006 	ANOTHER GREAT STAY...	This is our third stay in two years at this hotel. Terrific location and nice sized rooms. Having a microwave and small frig in the room is a definite plus, particularly w/ a wonderful market right across the street for snacks. Not really a nice view from this hotel, but it's a good value and a short walk to Michigan Avenue. My only complaint is w/ the hallway doors. They SLAM shut , and I mean SLAM! You can hear everyone coming and going because they don't think to grab the door. Would definitely stay here again though -- and probably will next Thanksgiving when we go back up to Chicago.	
Nov 13 2006 	Outstanding in every way	Five college friends and I had a delightful stay. From the exceptional customer service (front desk, housekeeping, bellmen, etc.) to the large, clean, and comfortable rooms, we found the hotel to be outstanding in every way. From the 23rd floor, the view of the city was fantastic; street-side, the location on Grand and State was great -- just steps away from lively Michigan Ave. and all it has to offer. We were especially impressed at the hotel staff's willingness and abilitiy to honor our request for adjoining rooms -- one with two beds; the other a Murphy suite with a double bed, large sitting area with sofabed, plus a kitchenette. From our previous experience at other hotels we were not optimistic about the likelihood that we'd get what we requested when we made the reservation. But by calling the night before arrival, the front desk staff and housekeeping made sure we got what we asked for. We've stayed at the 5-star Omni on previous trips and found the 3-star Hilton Garden Inn to be superior in every way. We'll be back!	
Oct 24 2006 	Such a relief!	My Mom and I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn, downtown Chicago this past August on a girls trip. We stayed for 4 nights. The hotel was very clean, the service was awesome, staff was eager to help with any questions we had, quiet rooms and comfy beds. The breakfast is the best downstairs! The pool was a little small (especially when there is 10 kids in it).Mom and I were in Chicago for the King Tut exhibit at the Field Mueseum. As the hotel is a hop skip and a jump from the Magnificent Mile, transit was super easy. We were originally booked into another hotel, but after reading it's review on this site, we switched, and we are so relieved we did.One more thing, Mom and I asked for a corkscrew from concierge. It got to our room super fast however it broke off in our bottle. Moral of the story? Don't ask the hotel for a corkscrew. They are pretty cheap.	
Oct 12 2006 	Very Good Hotel	Stayed for just three nights in September this year. The hotel is in a great location for just about everything. Good sized room with an OK view and everything was clean and well maintained. Staff across the board was very helpful. Weber Grill is great for breakfast ($12.95 for buffet) and also steaks. Highly recommended hotel.	
Oct 3 2006 	We loved the location!	We stayed in the Hilton Garden Inn in Chicago for 4 nights last fall. Average priced (for Chicago) parking was located on site. We parked our car and walked or took public transportation everywhere we needed to go.The check-in was quick, the lobby was attractive, and the room was a nice size, very clean, and suprisingly quiet. We had a very nice view out our window. We had an adequate sized refrigerator and microwave in the room, too.Directly across the street from the hotel (to the west) was a Jewel Supermarket where we bought breakfast foods and snack/sandwich foods to save some money on our trip.There is a Weber Grill restaurant on the ground floor of the hotel that has a fantastic buffet breakfast (we ate there on a Sunday morning...I don't know if it's an every-day thing or just weekends). Many, many, many other restaurants are located within walking distance. We walked to Gino's Pizza and Rainforest Cafe.If you want to take the subway, well, it's super-convenient, as the subway entrance is on the same corner as the hotel! We bought a multi-day pass and rode buses, subways, and El trains to all the tourist spots--John Hancock Building, Magnificent Mile, Navy Pier, Shedd Aquarium, to name a few.Would also highly recommend &quot;Chicago Hauntings&quot; bus tour (can walk from hotel to tour embarkment) and Wendella's Lake and River tour (90 minutes)	
Sep 12 2006 	Good Stay	We had a nice 4-night stay at this hotel for a mini vacation during the last week of August. The location was convenient and we walked to many things. The room was fairly spacious, clean, everything was in good shape and we had an ok view. It was fairly well equipped with a refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, iron, internet service, etc. One thing I forgot to check for when booking was an in-room safe, which they did not have. They did have safe deposit boxes at the front desk and that worked fine for us. We requested a high floor and they followed through by putting us on the top floor. The staff was wonderful. Over all we enjoyed our stay and would return. Our Sun-Wed stay got us a free night, so it was a great deal for this class hotel.	
Sep 10 2006 	Paper Thin walls	This hotel has paper thin walls and you can hear evrything in the rooms next door and in the halls. I have stayed at 1 star motells that are more private. Also i called the hotel direct for reservations, and then they transfered me to the central call center. i knew where the hotel was because of the Weber Grill in the lobby. The reservation center said that they had several downtown lockations and could not be sure that the one that they were reserving for me was the one that I had asked for with out an adress.	
Sep 8 2006 	Worth every penny!	First I want to say that if it sounds a bit pricey to you, it definitely worths every penny. The location couldn't be more convenient, especially for a tourist in Chicago. In addition, we found the staff friendly and helpful, our room very nice, extremely clean and spacious. One of the best hotels I've ever stay, and will stay there again if I'm given the chance.	
Aug 30 2006 	Great Place to Stay Friendly Staff	I stayed 3 nights for a business trip. I was very surprised by how friendly all of the staff were, including the housekeepers and night shift! That was unusual. The room was comfortable, and there were lots of pluses (like complimentary internet access).I was not &quot;wowed&quot; by the bed and linens, but they were reasonably comfortable. It was a good value.	
Aug 23 2006 	Great location and great place	saw a 3 nights for the price of two promotion and booked. Saw another promotion on Travelzoo for $115 per night in August, could not beat that and booked. Arrived via the blue train and got lost. Tons of cabs and rode the cab four minutes to the hotel. It's noon and I wanted to check my bag because I scored a ticket to Wrigley on a Sunday. I'm standing in line for the desk when I spot two bellman walk onto the lobby. Tell the guy my situation and boom, claim ticket and down to the Red Line, off to see the Cubbies. Back to the hotel after 5pm and checkin not problem, in fact I think they pre assigned rooms, king non smoking. Same room design as my last stay, clean except for the drinking glasses. Microwave, mini fridge and comp pass to a real fitness gym one block away. Jewels grocery across the street. Rental car not needed as public transit is pretty fast. Did rent a car the last day to drive outside of downtown and returned by 5pm. Scored a parking meter one block away from the hotel, leaving by 7am, so free all night. Second stay in this city at this hotel. My third will be here too.	
Aug 17 2006 	What else can I say - Excellent!	Just returned from a five night stay at the Gardenn Inn and what can I say that hasen't already been said - this place it just excellent. We travel a lot and would highly recommend this hotel. The front desk are just awesome. They wear a &quot;No Problem&quot; badge and it isn't a gimmick, they will do just about anything for you! What a great location right by the red line. You won't be disappointed with this hotel. Also, as info since I have not seem this before, visit the Federal Reserve Bank, its free and where else can you get so close to one million bucks and leave with $364 for free! Also, check out the Blue Man group show for a great time and guess what, its right off the red line at Belmont and a quick ride back to the hote!	
Aug 9 2006 	Great stay	Stayed with my wife for 6 nights from 31 July until 6 aug. US Airways managed to lose our baggage so on arrival check in staff provided us with toothbrush, toothpaste etc which was a nice touch. I had asked for a corner room as had been recommended and was given one.Hotel has all that is required including a 24 shop selling essentials, a starbucks, a smallish pool and hot tub. There is a business centre on the 12th floor with 3 terminals all providing free internet access and printers. On one occasion the printers weren't working so the front desk did the online flight check in for me.There is a Weber Grill attached to the hotel which does a great buffet breakfast for $12.95 and great food in the evening. There was a wait time of about an hour the evening we ate there, but I called down, mentioned I was staying in the hotel and got a table pretty quickly.Location is great. Metro stop outside and Navy Pier free trolley just round the corner. Rooms were cleaned very well and even clothes on the bed folded. All in all for a 3 star hotel, it was superb. Many people, including Americans we met en route were suprised that we'd take a vacation in Chicago, but it was fantastic. Go!	
Aug 8 2006	Great.... but	My husband &amp; I just got back from a 4-night stay at the HIlton Garden Inn Chicago. Great location, convenient to all of the wonderful Mag Mile shopping and the red line train. The wonderful staff were able to answer any question you might have about how to get around the City, etc. Housekeeping was efficient, polite and thorough.My only complaint - the mattresses are horrible! I'm generally not a picky person, but sleeping on a board took it's toll after 4-nights. Until this hotel replaces its mattresses, I probably won't come back!	
Aug 1 2006 	Hotel Staff is Five Star!	The hotel staff couldn't do enough for me! As part of our engagement evening, I had a couple special items to be delivered to our room at a specific time. They came through where other hotels have not. Why this hotel is not rated higher than 3 stars is beyond me!	
Jul 3 2006	Excellent Stay	We enjoyed a four night stay at the Hilton Garden Inn and could not have asked for more in a mid-range priced hotel. The staff was extraordinarily friendly and helpful. Our room was clean and had the fresh look of a new or recently renovated space. The bathroom had very good water pressure in the shower, generous counter space and plenty of towels of adequate size. I loved the convenience of the mini fridge. A microwave was provided as well. The closet and drawer space was adequate. While the comfort level of the beds could not compare with my pillow top mattress at home, the mattresses and pillows provided a reasonable level of comfort for a hotel. They were firm without being too hard. While we had some traffic noise even on the 19th floor, the sound proofing within the hotel is excellent and we didn't hear any noise from the other rooms or even the hallway. The location is ideal for tourists with a Jewell grocery store across the street, across from the Red Line subway stop and near bus stops and you're within easy walking distance of some of Chicago's best restaurants and the shops on Michigan Ave.. We bought 3 day visitor's passes for unlimited travel on the transit system which was really easy to get around on. To get to the Art Institute or the Museum Campus walk to Upper Michigan and Illinois and take bus no. 146. To get to Lincoln Park Zoo walk to Grand and LaSalle and take bus no. 156. If you're interested in the architecture of Frank Lloyd Wright visiting Oak Park makes for a fun day out. Take the Red Line to the Lake/Clark exit and transfer to the Green Line and get off at the Harlem stop. All the sights are within easy walking distance. To get to Second City take bus no. 36 from Grand and State. The Starbucks kiosk in the lobby sells pastries and coffee and Cosi is a chain about a block or two east on Grand that sells a good cheap breakfast. Also Mary's which is 2 or 3 blocks away. The front desk can give your directions. All in all a great place to stay.	
Jun 18 2006	Loved the hotel !	An excellent night at the Hitlon Garden. Convenient and close to everything. Rooms are very nice and welcoming. Starbucks in the lobby is a plus. Service is great. No complaints at all. We recommend the hotel.. Try priceline for a good rate.	
Jun 16 2006 	Disappointing overpriced	I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn for 3 nights while traveling on business. The room rate of $359 per night was outrageous for an average to poor room with no amenities. The beds were not very comfortable, the pillows were flat, and the bedspreads were dirty. Yuck! It was a disappointing experience. Our room smelled like an overdose of air freshener and I had a sinus headache every morning.	
Jun 15 2006	My Kind of Place	We celebrated our 38th wedding anniversary in Chicago and stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn. It was so much better than I expected. The room was wonderful, a corner view, Room 2170, and clean and bright. I would recommend the hotel to anyone traveling to chicago. I was really having a hard time deciding but price was finally the deciding factor. I was pleasantly surprised to have everything, including location, be so wonderful. the hotel delivered a bottle of champagne and complimentary breakfast passes because it was our anniversary. The staff was pleasant, friendly and very helpful with all of our questions.	
Jun 5 2006	A Perfect Place for a Birthday	We chose this hotel from the many available due to the comments made and the value offered. We were not disappointed in the least. From the check in to check out, everything was wonderful except for the last night when housekeeping missed us which we think was due to having a Do Not Disturb sign on the door till 10:00AM. One call asking for them to do the room at 5PM when we left for a baseball game was all we needed. We were very lucky to get the 2107, a beautiful corner room with a wonderful view. It was my 50th birthday and management sent up a bottle of champagne. What a lovely touch. This hotel has a great location. 2 blocks from the Magnificent Mile, kiddy corner from Nordstrom's, 2 blocks from the river, right in front of the subway to the baseball park! Very safe. We felt safer in downtown Chicago then most places we have ever been. The people are great, the number of excetional resturants in walking distance is amazing. Do try Osteria via Stato, just around the corner on State Street. $39.95 prix fix menu that is incredible and thus why it was named to the Bon Appetit magazine top 50 restauirants in the USA. Great value.Back to the hotel, the bed is very comfortable and the window opened althought the noise even on the 21st floor could be a little loud but it is a big city. We thought the room size was just right for 2 and would definately stay here again for its value, service and location. The full breakfast at Weber's downstairs and that came with the room had everything we needed. Bacon, sausages, scrambled eggs or made to order, french toast or made to order panckaes and omlettes. Fruit and a selection of breads rounded out the selction completed with fresh coffee and fresh juices. Had a great birthday and hope to come back soon!	
Apr 25 2006	Disappointing	The motto du jour of presumably the entire Garden Inn chain is &quot;100% problem free&quot;. If only that were true! We were initially assigned a fully accessible room, although neither of us requires nor requested such an accomodation. For those not in the know, full accessibility features a cavernous washroom with double-wide door, an extra-tall toilet, has a curtained-off alcove lined with rungs of handrails in lieue of a bathtub, and displays an inconveniently-placed showerhead (think YMCA). This was, in fact, a &quot;problem&quot; for my soak-craving partner, so we immediately called to request a new room. In exchanging the keys we were relieved of our two coupons for free bottles of water from the ill-stocked and un-manned pantry beside the front desk. Upon arrival one floor up we noted that, contrary to our registration profile, we were directly between the elevators and the ice machine, and that this new room was also accessible (although not to the degree that the previous one had been). Tired from our flight, we endured the almost constant traffic outside our door and within the wall at the head of our bed where the elevators whirred and hummed until the next morning. We also had to unplug the noisy (and empty) bar fridge, which commenced emitting a sour smell. A second call to the front desk generated assurances that the bellboy would be up momentarily with keys to a third room. After 15 minutes a third call prompted the receptionist to inform us she would be delivering them personally. As we waited in the hall outside our room with all our baggage for a further 10 minutes we had to let ourselves back in to answer a call telling us they were now actually really truly on their way. Meeting us by the elevators we were assured that we had been moved to a corner room on the second-to-highest floor, far from the elevators and stairwells. It was, in fact, not a corner room, and was also directly across the hall from a stairwell. It did, however, have a normal bathroom and a better view. Over our short stay I noted that housekeeping did not thouroughly clean the tub and toilet, nor did they fully replenish the amenities on more than one occasion. The bedside table contained not only the requisite bible, but also a discarded porn magazine! Most troubling, though, was that this hotel does not offer room service, opting instead to rely on the services of third-party restaurants in the neighbourhood that close early, open late and specialize only in steak and pasta. As such, we requested cutlery and plates from the front desk to eat our carry-out of Indian food, but they simply never arrived... I wish we hadn't either.	
Apr 21 2006	absolutely fantastic!	My wife and I stayed there on a &quot;fun&quot; trip from April 17-20,2006 and had a great time. The hotel room was clean and spacious with no unpleasant surprises. The staff was courteous and helpful at all times. We ate at the on-site Weber Grill upon arrival and had the best burger in our lives,complete with fries and cole slaw, all for $10.00 each. Most in hotel restaurants are priced out of our league but we were very satisfied and comfortable here. The hotel is within easy walking distance of the &quot;Magnificent Mile&quot;, 5 blocks from Navy Pier and five minutes from bus service to the Museums (Bus 146-remember that!)We had plans to go somewhere else over Memorial Day but have decided to return to Chicago and the Hilton instead.....our stay was that great...	
Apr 10 2006 	One of the better value-for-money deal	I was in Chicago for 2 weeks and stayed at HGI from 27/3-31/3. I've also stayed at two other 'inn'-type of hotels in Chicago downtown area as HGI was full during the busy Apr convention/conferences/exhibition/spring break month. For $139 pernight, I got a single rm with microwave, mini-fridge and the plus:free Internet connection! (most other places charges abt $10perday). The room was clean and bathroom was well-stocked. The Netrugena line of products was a nice touch. The staff was very nice and friendly as well.The location was ideal: a trip from Ohare airport to hotel costs only USD2 and the subway station is just right outside the entrance! It was convenient to get groceries with Jewell Osco opposite the hotel and not to mention the numerous eating places nearby. I was definitely spoilt for choices! :)I've been to other hotels and this is defnitely one of the better one (under $150 bracket-type) in Chicago.	
Apr 8 2006	hgi very satisfactory	stayed for 3 nights with last night in sofitel which i will review shortly.location is excellant with jewel shop and subway stop across road and mag mile around corner.room good size with fridge etc and clean.staff always helpful.weber grill attached to it lively-breakfast average.hgi not luxurious but very comfortable and well priced.fridge in room a bit noisy so we plugged it out overnight!in summary no hesitation in recomending hgi.	
Apr 6 2006	Great Stay -- A few hiccups though	My husband and I checked into the Hilton Garden Inn on 3/27/06 and stayed until 3/31/06 and we had a marvelous trip to the Chicago. We saw a taping of &quot;The Jerry Springer Show&quot; (bizarre and sureal), went to see the musical &quot;Wicked&quot; at the Oriental Theater (highly recommended) and went to see the Black Hawks defeat the St. Louis Blues in overtime (!) at the United Center. We ate excellent meals at both Heaven on Seven and Redfish (see my seperate review for Redfish). We also ate at Mother Hubbards which seemed more like a drinking establishment and not a dinner place (I would not recommend the ostrich burger). The HGI was an excellent base for our stay and was within walking distance for virtually everything we did (although we did take an express bus to and from the hockey game which is highly recommended at $2.00 per person each way). The Sears Tower was quite a hike from the HGI but it was a lovely day so we did walk back AND forth (but hey it gave us license for eating a great dinner with no guilt)!After taking a cab from Union Station we checked into the HGI on Monday but our key card did not open the door properly and took many tries (typically 4) to get the door to open. This problem happened virtually each and every time we tried to get into our room. Frustrating yes, but we learned to laugh about it and took bets on how many times it would take! Once inside our room we instantly noticed there were no pillows -- bizarre but we phoned down to request some and we were told they were to be sent up. Later while unpacking we noticed there was not an iron, only an ironing board. When we went out to grocery/snack/wine shop at the Jewel-Osco store (how nice to have a full service grocery store so close by) across the street later that afternoon we asked the front desk to send us an iron and also mentioned the room was still without pillows. They apologized and assured us everything would be taken care of. When we returned 30 minutes later there was a knock on the door and an iron appeared but still NO pillows. It was only after a phone call from the front desk checking on the iron, that we reminded them that we still had no pillows. The pillows were then quickly dispatched. I hate to sound like a complainer as these were certainly minor issues but they seemed odd as a cleaning person would certainly notice the absence of pillows and probably notice the missing iron. By the way -- the rest of the week the cleaning service was excellent so this could have been just a strange occurrance.I would definately stay at the HGI again and the rate of $139 per night was VERY reasonable. We are not needy nor demanding people so the king bed non-smoking room we requested (and received) suited our needs just fine (really it was GREAT)! We also loved the business center where we could check our email, and I was able to get more info regarding the express bus to the United Center saving us tons of money on a cab. We also appreciated the mini-refrigerator but did not use the coffee maker nor the microwave. Unfortunately we were too lazy or too tired after some late nights -- that's our story and we are sticking too it -- to use the pool or the exercise center but they looked great. Also kudos for the blackout curtains at the HGI and they should be standard at every hotel as they overlap in the center so there is not a large ray of light streaming into the room each morning.All in all we had a FABULOUS trip to Chicago and the location and ammenities of the Hilton Garden Inn really allowed us to enjoy our stay. I would highly recommend this hotel and will certainly attempt to use it again when we return!!	
Mar 25 2006	Greta place to stay in Chicago Downtown!	I just returned from a stay at the Hilton Garden Inn. I booked this room based on the reviews posted on the trip advisor web site. I stayed 4 nights with my college-aged daughter and her friend. This hotel was exactly what I had hoped for. It was centrally located in downtown Chicago, directly across the street from the Grand Street EL station (red line-north). We purchased visitor passes and used the EL extensively. The desk staff was excellent! They gave us 2 bottled waters and a great room with a view. When we mentioned that we had reservations at PF Changs restaurant(at the end of the block), they gave us coupons for a free appetizer. Whenever we asked for directions to a certain loaction, the staff provided us a mapquest map to get to our destination. The price was excellent. All the rooms have a small fridge and microwave and there is access to a business center that has computer terminals and printers. I highly recommend this hotel as a GREAT place to stay in downtown Chicago.	
Mar 23 2006	Just Ok I think Homewood Suites is a better Hilton choice	Just returned. The rooms are clean, small, and just OK. Housekeeping is a weak link. The first day of our stay we returned to the room about 4:30 and no housekeeping. We went downstairs to wait in the lobby. About 5:15 I asked at the front desk where I was told &quot;there is no daily housekeeping unless you call&quot;. That seemed impossible to believe, but I complied by asking for housekeeping every day. (The desk clerk said, &quot;You really want housekeeping every day?&quot;) We are not difficult people, but even a Motel 6 has daily housekeeping for heaven's sake. They then put &quot;a rush&quot; on our room, and 45 minutes later we had clean towels but no clean sheets. We paid $139 and for that price I gave it three stars. Any more than that would be inappropriate. Valet parking is $36 a day, but we needed the &quot;unlimited&quot; aspects of that service. Unfortunately, we forgot to factor that in for a &quot;written in stone&quot; Sunday morning obligation, and were almost late when it took the better part of an hour to get our car. We had called ahead, and the valet boys were too busy counting their tips to go and fetch our vehicle. Finally, one of them asked if we needed help and we said we had called for our car before we left the room. At that point, one of the boys actually stuffed the folding money back into his pocket and went to get our car. Upon leaving, we waited several minutes for the valet boys to pocket their tips before moving a car that made it impossible for us to exit. Not cool.As Hilton Honors members we thought we would receive preference for our request of a &quot;high floor&quot;. Not so. We were originally placed on the 13th floor, and it was only because I asked about a corner room that we were placed on the 19th floor. And there are 23 floors, so that wasn't a &quot;view&quot; room. True, we are only &quot;gold&quot; level not platinum. Even so, 2 bottles of waters seemed like a minimal acknowledgement of our Hilton loyalty. While we were there we walked 50 steps to another Hilton property, the Homewood Suites. I talked to a staff member there who was really open about the property where Honors Gold members are automatically assigned to the 12th floor which we verified as being completely non-smoking and comprised of actual two-room suites which had all the amenities of Hilton Garden(free hot breakfast) plus free cocktails/dinner in the evening Mon.-Thurs.. A better choice if you have the extra $50 a night considering you also get a kitchen and guest laundry. All in all, having stayed at many downtown hotels, Homewood Suites is the best Hilton choice. Embassy Suites down the block has a crowded noisy lobby, minimal room furnishings, and is the most expensive. Hilton Garden Inn while clean and modest, has paper-thin walls and no real acknowledgement of Honors benefits.	
Mar 21 2006	Great Weekend	Just returned from a long weekend with my husband at the Hilton Garden Inn. We had a wondeful time - the room was very clean, location was great. The staff was very helpful in getting tickets for shows, and navigating the trains! Have stayed at the Westin and prefer this location better, close walk to the mile, and great restaurants. The red line and trolley to Navy Pier are just outside the front door. For the price, you can't beat the service or location! We can't wait to go back!	
Mar 15 2006	Super!!!	Our family stayed for one night as a family weekend get away. The location was great. With a stroller and two young children the location of the hotel made it easy to get around. The free trolley service it right across the street and dropped us off right at the door to Navy Pier, and back again. We did use one of their free cribs, and being very picky thought it was good enough for my baby, although I did put my own sheet on it. We used the pool to entertain the kids, it did have a strange smell but was clean and fun. The bath tub actually could be filled to bath the kids after the pool.All of the staff was helpful and extremely nice. We are looking forward to staying here again.	
Mar 15 2006	Lovely helpful cheerful staff at the Garden	We spent two days mid-week here while visiting family. All the usual amenities were up to standard, but what we specially noticed was the cheerful and SO helpful staff, not so common downtown anywhere. The breakfasts were great too - continental was included in our stay, but for $1 each we could have `the works', including omeletttes and such cooked to order. This is the fifth Chicago hotel we've tried, and the first we've liked enough to want to come back to.	
Mar 4 2006	Great location. Great price. Great service.	I stayed on a Friday night for a short weekend visit. I paid $100, so didn't know what to expect. I was plesantly surprised. The staff was nice. The room was very nice with a good view of the city. The pool and hot tub were enjoyable. The only negative is the parking situation, but that is true at almost all hotels in downtown Chicago. The location was close to everything. I would definitely stay at this hotel again over many more expensive places.	
Feb 27 2006	Great!	Very good experience overall. The staff was friendly and helpful. The room was nice--no complaints. The location is great. Check-out was very easy, didn't even have to stop by the front desk. I'd recommend it to anyone. Easy, no-hassle trip!	
Feb 27 2006	Great value and location	Stayed in August for two nights with my girlfriend to see some baseball games. This was our second visit to Chicago and since this place had received favorable reviews we gave it a shot, turned out to be a great choice.Location - Great area north of the river about 3 blocks west of Michigan Ave and next to State St. One HUGE bonus is the subway station right outside the door, which came in handy for going to the baseball game. With the El, a 10 minute walk to Michigan Ave and plenty of retail estabishments nearby, a car is not needed. The area felt safe to walk in both day and night.Room - This is an older tower hotel, so the rooms are small as to be expected but adequate for 2 people. Air circulation was good and the bedding and furnishings were fine. Staff - Despite a late arrival, our King N/S Upper Floor was confirmed. The front desk staff guy was great, pointed out Bijon's American Bistro a couple of blocks away for a late night dinner. Also, when we needed a bandaid, instead of pointing us to a drugstore, they just gave us some from their own cabinet. Housekeeping was efficient and the room was clean.Amenities - A delicous breakfast was had at Weber's. We did not go there for dinner or use pool/gym. Lobby is rather small and except for a small nook with snacks/toiletries there is not much else in the way of services. Weber's is their only restaurant.Price - rate through Hilton Website was $170 nt for a midweek stay. I am sure that a weekend rate is less and probably would include breakfast. As a HHonors member we got free bottled water which was nice in the warm weather. As I always say, there is no reason NOT to use the Hilton website and sign up for HHonors, the price is the same and the chances are much better that you won't get bumped or put in a crummy room if the place is full.This is a great place to stay if you are looking for quality, value and a good location. If you want more of a full service hotel with more luxuries then you may want one of the larger places directly on Michigan Ave.	
Feb 22 2006	Average hotel	We picked the coldest weekend of this year to visit Chicago. Lucky us. My husband and I took our 7 year old to Chicago for some sightseeing and fun. His favorite part of the weekend was, of course, the pool. The pool was very small. Five families filled the pool and made it very crowded. The hot tub was very very hot. I enjoy hot tubs but this water was just too hot. I was scared for the small children who did go in it. Everyone you saw came out with very red skin. The location of this hotel is nice. Espn Zone is in it's backyard which is nice for 7 year old boys. We had a nice time but the Hilton didn't overly thrill us.	
Feb 20 2006	This will be our Chicago home from now on!	Feb. 17-18: I took a girls trip with two friends. I am a Chicago native that wanted to show my 'Frisco friends what a great city Chicago is. From start to finish, the Hilton was the BEST! First, after arriving at 10 am from Midway (EL Orange line txf to Red line at Roosevelt to Grand stop - FYI - the EL drops you off RIGHT IN FRONT of the hotel), we thought we'd drop off our luggage and shop until we could check-in (3 pm). To our surprise and delight, the desk said that our room was ready THEN! As a Hilton Honors member, we were also given vouchers for 2 bottles of water (or one large) and $5 to use towards their pantry (snacks and stuff). Also included was breakfast for the 3 of us (Weber Grill is inside the hotel). It included a continental at the Weber, a Venti &amp; Pastry at the Starbucks (also in the Hotel), or, for $1 more, a Deluxe breakfast with made to order omelettes and pancakes. So off we went after a rest to see Chicago! At 10:30 that eve, we were looking for a restaurant for a late dinner, and the desk had an extensive list (with pricing) and even called ahead to check on seating and hours. We had a wonderful meal (GREAT STAFF AS WELL) at the recommended Volare (201 E. Grand). The rooms were clean, the staff was not just accomodating, they went above and beyond (too many times to mention here!). STAY HERE - you won't regret it! BTW: 137.33/night at the Hilton website.	
Feb 8 2006 	Great location; great staff; great price	Great price, consistently helpful, friendly staff, very clean and nice, small touches everwhere. I had a corner room w/ two windows, a microwave. refrigerator, easy chair and a very nice closet and bathroom for $130 night. Of course, it was February so I assume that price is seasonal. I would pay quite a bit more to stay there regardless. Near Nordstroms, a small grocery store &amp; other retail that comes in handy. Also free use of Crunch gym almost next door (as well as a nice hotel gym). The Weber Grill restaurant had a reasonably priced breakfast buffet with excellent service and nice &quot;to go&quot; options. A very well run hotel. I wish there were more like it. Will definitely stay there again.	
Jan 30 2006	Great hotel	I stayed here between Christmas and New Years and the hotel staff was amazing. My frequent flier account wasn't attached to my HHonors account and the rep at check in insisted she take care of it and then followed up with a call saying it was done. The room was immaculate, modern (bed not the most comfy)and the heating worked well. The fridge and microwave were very clean. Kudos to the business center, they have a color printer available for guest use and the remote printing feature from your room is great and secure! Location is great being next door to PF changs and a short walk to Nordstrom on Michigan Ave.	
Jan 27 2006 	Excellent hotel. Great value for money	Just wanted to follow up earlier reviews. This hotel has to be one of the best deals in town. I prepaid my stay through [--------] and for just $89 + tax got a great room. Like other reviewers with hhonors membership, I was given a voucher for a more than adequate continental breakfast, free vouchers for bottled water and other goods from the 24hour pantry. Service was excellent throughout. Location is pretty quiet for Chicago, a reasonable walk to just about everything but with a red line subway station right outside the door. For me at least, a much better choice than previous stays in and around the Loop. Overall, highly recommended.	
Jan 21 2006	Very Nice Hotel at Reasonable Price	Great Location. The service is always great at check in and check out. For the cost a great downtown MI AVE hotel.	
Jan 11 2006 	Loved it	I found out about this hotel via Tripadvisor and I can tell you the reviews were right on the money. The place is excellent, very clean, and the the service is impeccable. I think this hotel is one best places to stay in Chicago without spending a fortune.	
Dec 28 2005	Great place to stay	I stayed here with my brother when we came over from the UK to see a Bears game. It's in a great location a couple of blocks from the Magnificent Mile (Michigan Ave) and within walking distance of The Loop. We even walked to Soldier Field and back but you might want to hop on a bus or the subway which has a stop almost right outside the door. The hotel was everything we hoped it would be - rooms were nice and clean and the staff were friendly. We had a great view of the John Hancock Center from our corner room (other rooms have the possibility of views of the top of Sears Tower). The attached Webber Grill offered a breakfast buffet every morning for a reasonable price, which was very convenient. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Dec 27 2005	Far above the crowd	I stayed at this hotel twice in December 2005. The front desk staff was very friendly and genuinely concerned with the quality of my hotel stay each time.(One clerk even said &quot;Welcome home!&quot;) Being a Hilton Gold member, I was given a top-floor room, vouchers for breakfast, Starbucks coupons, bottled water coupon, and a $5 coupon to the gift/snack shop. The room was nicely proportioned with a comfortable bed, mini-bar with a microwave, and a desk with complementary Internet service. The bathroom was moderate in size, very clean, and well-lit. Overall, the hotel floor was quiet and orderly. I found a parking spot on the street so I didn't have to pay for parking (after 6pm on Saturday, the parking was free at the meters I found right across from the hotel entrance).The breakfast vouchers were for continental breakfast at the Weber Grill, but one can upgrade to a full breakfast for a dollar (total $9.95 if paying without a voucher). I found the food and atmosphere to be appetizing and inviting. This is a steal in Chicago for an unlimited breakfast buffet. I must reiterate that the staff of this hotel make it stand far above its competitors. I have stayed at other hotels with more &quot;stars&quot;, but the HGI Chicago Downtown deserves more than 2.5 for the superior &quot;can do&quot; attitude of its staff and its vast array of guest services.	
Dec 19 2005 	Fantastic	Great Location, great views, very quiet - the only inconvenience was the high cost for parking, but it's worth it. There is a grocery store right around the corner which helps since you have a microwave and fridge in your room. Not one major complaint about my stay which is rare. This is, to use a phrase I saw earlier, a hidden gem in the city.	
Dec 6 2005	A hidden treasure	This hotel was wonderful and much more than I expected. It's new, modern, the furnishings in the room are new, coffee maker and fridge in the room. The front desk employees were ready to help with directions and any way they could. The icing on the cake is the location! It's close to everything. Right in the heart of shopping a couple blocks from North Michigan Avenue. A short walk to the stores on State and the theater district. Right around the corner from the hotel is a grocery store! Perfect!The lobby has a modern, minimal look. There is a high priced mini convienent store right off the front desk. A starbucks in the lobby, with very pleasant employees. I won this hotel on Priceline it's labeled as a 2.5 star. It's way better than that. Whether you win this hotel in a bid or purchase it, you can't loose. The only negative was room service for breakfast. It was overpriced and horrible. Skip the room service and go to Starbucks in the lobby.This is a hidden tresure in the city of Chicago.	
Nov 22 2005	Definitely stay again	Superb location, very nice room and friendly, helpful staff. Had booked thru Priceline ($50 per night). Arrived at 5am with the hope that I could leave my luggage and check-in later - no problem, my room was ready and also given free breakfast vouchers (HH Gold). Late check-out was no problem. I called as the free high speed internet would not connect in my room and within 10 minutes they rebooted the system and was working perfectly. Room was clean and decent size and bed was comfortable. Definitely stay again.	
Nov 9 2005	Very nice place to stay	The Hilton Garden Inn is a nice place to stay. Great location, with subway stop right in front of hotel. The room was clean and comfortable. One exception: the dust ruffle on the bed was torn all the way around. Why that would be I don't know. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom clean. Room was a tad small but ok for us. The staff was exceptionally friendly. They moved us to a higher floor on check-in when they heard that our relatives were up there. Housecleaning crew didn't clean our room till after 4 pm on Friday. There is no breakfast buffet but there is a corner bakery down the street with great breakfast choices. One suggestion: you may want to choose another place to eat besides the hotel's weber grill restaurant. Chicago has so many great places to eat. We didn't eat there but my relatives said the Weber grill is expensive and the food just ok.	
Nov 2 2005	Nice hotel excellent location!	We (family of 4) stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn in downtown Chicago for 3 nights. The desk staff were friendly and helpful, the room was clean, and we really appreciated the fridge and microwave in the room, especially since there was a grocery/drug store right across State Street from the hotel! This saved us quite a bit of money, being able to eat breakfast and a light dinner/snack in the room.I loved the location, too. There's a subway stop right outside the doorway of the hotel. We parked our car at the hotel ($21/night, no in-out privleges), bought 2-day CTA visitor passes for $9 each and used combinations of subways, els, and buses to get around Chicago. Two nights we ate dinner at restaurants within walking distance of the hotel (there are LOTS of restaurants nearby!). We ate breakfast in our room 2 mornings, but on Saturday morning we ate downstairs at the Weber Grill. They had an excellent and very reasonably priced breakfast buffet. I don't know if this buffet is available every morning or just on weekends.I would definitely stay here again!	
Oct 9 2005 	Love this hotel	This is the second time I have stayed here and I was again very impressed.The rooms are clean, comfortable and good sized. Beds are very comfortable and I love having a large work desk, fridge and microwave (although having some eating utensils would be even better).The Webber Grill downstairs and PF Changs supplying room service are also great as I was there on business alone, and food is excellent. The bar is very friendly and having Starbucks morning coffee available in the lobby is spot on.The pool is very small and workout area adequate, but you can go next door to the &quot;Crunch&quot; Gym if so inclined.The location of this hotel is second to none. Slap in the middle of town, a block from Mich. Ave with everything else in walking distance. Staff are very friendly and helpful, my only complaint is that the room service seemed very sparse on a Friday and my room still had not be cleaned by 3pm, however this was the only time.Would definitely recommend this hotel, especially if you are a single female in town...I felt very safe.	
Oct 5 2005	MY KIND OF TOWN MY KIND OF HOTEL	What a great hotel, I do declare. The Hilton Garden Inn is ideally located right near State Street and about a three minute walk to Michigan Avenue. You're steps from great shopping, beautiful architecture and everything you could possibly want. I went with my newly-appointed fiancee to celebrate our engagement. We took a cab to the hotel - it was about $50 on account of a lot of traffic. Next time, I would definitely take the EL (we took it going to O'hare upon departing Chicago and it was really easy). Check in to the hotel was quick and efficient. We had a corner room on the 22nd floor with a northern view out of one window, and an eastern view out of the other - both of them of the Chicago skyline. Room was clean and beds were comfortable (we opted for two queen beds because we are engaged, not married, so I can assure you there was no hanky panky - just kidding, we opted for the king and I can assure you the springs are broken). All in all, it was a pleasant stay and there were zero problems. Other points worth noting: The homeless in Chicago are very friendly. Rush Street has some great bars. For breakfast we walked along Rush heading north about 10 minutes to Einsetin Brothers Bagels (worth the walk). Spend an afternoon at Navy Pier. It's beautiful there. Take the EL going back to O'hare (or Midway) - the hotel will give you directions and everybody takes it so you won't be alone. Be careful of Chicago's famous deep-dish pizza. You'll get fat.	
Aug 29 2005	Definite Recommendation for Anyone	Whether for business or pleasure, I think this is a great hotel. I was staying there for a wedding a few weekends ago and had a blast.Location: It is very centrally located and the advantage it has from it's rival hotels located on the Mag. Mile is that it is not crazy busy when you step out of the front door. The Mag. Mile is less than a 2 min. walk away. Several times, when my wife and I went shopping, we were able to run back to the Hilton and drop off our bags. We also had a couple of nice morning runs down to the Navy Pier and got to see the Air Show practice one of the mornings. Staff: People were very helpful and willing to help. The young, tall African gentleman at the door was helpful with my bags when I arrived and equally as helpful when we left. We must've asked about 50 questions to the front desk on recommendations for late night bars/clubs/eats and they accomodated each one. Rooms: Room was very clean and we did enjoy having the mini-fridge in the room w/ microwave for all of the left over food we had after eating out!We stayed in 2205, second floor from the top and had a great view of the Chicago skyline, including the John Hancock Tower.I will post pics soon. I would definitely stay there again next time I go! I just have to let my arteries clear of the stuffed pizza courtesy of Giordano's!	
Aug 28 2005	excellent hotel	We stayed three nights after booking a good deal on the Hilton website. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. We definitely appreciated having a fridge and microwave in the room. The room was clean and comfortable. Ours was on the 18th floor and we had a view of the top of the Sears Tower and the cityscape. For the money it is a great hotel. Clean, comfortable, friendly, affordable and in a good location. I would definitely recommend it to others and stay there again.We also took a tour wich they recommend us was great . We are planning another trip to chicago and we ll stay for sure at the hiltons	
Aug 10 2005	Nice stay at the Hilton Garden	We stayed three nights in early August after booking a good deal on the Hilton website. We were able to walk to Michigan Ave. and the Art Institute without any difficulties. (We found a shortcut through Nordstrom's to Michigan. The store is very close to the hotel, just walk through and you come right out on Michigan. It saves a little time and walking.)The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. We definitely appreciated having a fridge and microwave in the room. There are two restaurants onsite: Weber Grill and P.F. Changs. Both will provide room service for a small fee. There is also a Starbucks kiosk in the lobby in the morning.The room was clean and comfortable. Ours was on the 18th floor and we had a view of the top of the Sears Tower and the cityscape.My only &quot;complaint&quot;: The pool is nice, but very small. The elevators can also be very slow at times.Overall, for the money it is a great hotel. Clean, comfortable, friendly, affordable and in a good location. I would definitely recommend it to others and stay there again.	
Jul 19 2005	Fantastic Staff	My friends and I recently went on a two week holiday in the states and visited New York, Vegas and finally Chicago where we stayed in the Hilton Garden Inn.I had a mixed experience with the hotels in New York and Vegas, however, found the Hilton Garden Inn to be fantastic. The staff were very helpful from the moment we arrived until we checked out. We stayed for three days and I was overwhelmed by the friendliess we recieved. The Webber Grill is a great restaurant with good old American sized porrtions and a large selection to choose from. Also the hotel bar had informal and friendly staff who were up for a laugh and once again couldn't do enough to make us feel welcome.The Hotel is located beside the magnificent mile and is therefore great for this who love to shop etc etc. Also there are plenty of bars / restaurants nearby for socialising and late night drinking!! I use Trip Advisor to help me book hotels and have never before written a review. I must say that the staff here were by far the best I have ever experienced. Everything from booking restaurants to recommending good nightlife to arranging travel to and from baseball games was all part of the service provided the guys at the Hilton.Definitely recommend it if you want a centrally located, Clean, modern and friendly hotel experience in the heart of Chicago.	
Jul 11 2005	Nice hotel. Great Location	Hotel was clean and in good condition. Staff was extremely helpful and was very good at giving us different restaurant ideas. Having been to Chicago numerous times, it was nice to get different ideas and having them pan out. Rooms were clean and had everything you would need. Not spectacular rooms, but very nice.	
Jun 30 2005 	Great hotel great location	I was very pleased with this hotel from the moment I walked through the doors. Every hotel employee was very friendly and the service was very good. The room was large, very clean and well appointed. There was a refrigerator, microwave and free high-speed internet access. The blanket was sandwiched between two sets of sheet, which was a nice touch. Also, while the hotel was full I found that at most I had to wait a minute for one of the elevators, a fact I really appreciated. The location is excellent - within two blocks of the magnificent mile, half mile from navy pier, mile from the Art Institute, near public transportation and surrounded by restaurants. The area also felt very safe even late at night. The only area that could use minor improvements was house-keeping. The last afternoon I was there I was changing to go out aroud 4:30 and house-keeping walked in without knocking as they had left some cleaning supplies in the room. They were very apologetic and mentioned that they would be right back with clean towels. When I returned at 7:30 there were still no towels and it dawned on me that there had been no new towels the evening before, we had had extras in the room and used them. I called the front desk - they were very apologetic, said they had had a problems with the linen service and that they would be right up with them. A colleague also had the same problem and found it necessary to call the desk. On a minor note I had made coffee the first morning and it wasn't replaced until the 4th day, and the sugar and stirrers were not replaced. If not for these house-keeping issues I would have rated this hotel with five stars.	
Jun 13 2005	Great hotel downtown	Stayed there 5/31/05-6/03. Location is excellent and close to Mag. Mile and Museum, Art Institute, Aquarium, and Planetarium. All are within walking distanceThe staff was very accomodating and allowed us to check in early and leave our luggage on check out to do some shopping.The breakfast buffet was terrific, but could use more fresh fruits. The only mild downer was the in-room air conditioner which was occasionally noisy at night.Would definitely stay there again and I'd give it a solid 3-3 1/2 stars.Galoha	
May 30 2005	Great Stay	Great hotel! The rooms are very clean and the bathroom is totally up-to-date. No problems with the plumbing, etc. No bugs, either. The staff is very nice, also. The Webber Grill is pretty pricey, but there are plenty of other places around there to eat at. I definitely would stay there again!	
Apr 27 2005	Good central location	This hotel is great if you need a cheaper option that is centrally located. The beds are nothing to write home about, but the room is clean, and the front desk is extremely helpful. The location cannot be beat - it's close to everything. I have also stayed at the Talbot and I definitely would rather be here. The service and location is better. They accomodated my every request. It is not a romantic hotel in style, but my boyfriend and I really enjoyed it.	
Apr 17 2005	Great hotel. Loved it and would return	Great value and centrally located for restaurants. Stayed here 3 nights after Easter. Saved $20 per night with Honors Membership. You'll get a free pass to Crunch which is a very nice private fitness club. Lobby connects to Weber's Grill which has great food. Michigan Ave is only a few blocks away. Had more fun shopping at the smaller shops on the side streets.	
Apr 9 2005	What a great place to stay!	My husband, son (11), daughter (9) and I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn for three nights in March, 2005. What a great experience we had! The room was clean, the staff was extremely friendly and the location couldn't be beat. We got the internet rate of $109 which was a deal. It was great having a small refrigerator in the room for drinks (microwave too, although we didn't use it) . There's a great grocery store just across the street. The kids enjoyed swimming in the indoor pool--despite it's small size, it was perfect for them. We ate dinner at the Weber Grill and it was teriffic. Not one complaint about this hotel; I would highly recommend it to anyone!	
Apr 6 2005	Wonderful stay!	We just returned from a 2 night stay at the Hilton Garden Inn in downtown Chicago. It was fantastic. The staff was wonderful from the moment we checked in until we left...this included the valet at the door, the porter, the front desk staff and the maids. Everyone was friendly and went out of their way to make us feel at home. The room was average size and very clean. We were in room 2203 on the Hilton Honors floor (the hotel has 23 floors). Our room was far from the elevator and very quiet. We had a view of the Sears Tower...which our boys loved. Our 8 and 9 year old boys swam in the pool (indoors). The pool is a &quot;play&quot;pool and only 4 feet deep and not huge. It was never crowded and they had a great time. The spa held 5 people max. Although not used the workout room looked nice. We opted for self park since we knew we wouldn't be using our car- this is $21 per 24/hrs and does NOT offer in/out privlages. The valet parking has unlimited in/out privlages and is $35/day. We would recommend this hotel to anyone and would stay there again.	
Mar 23 2005	Beautiful friendly secure...	I work at a Hilton Garden Inn in another city and was not disappointed by the quality of this hotel, by any means. The guest service and valet staff was friendly, knowledgeable and accommodating.Our guest room was incredibly clean, at a comfortable temperature and even had a decent view, for being surrounded by high rises. We bugged the front desk staff multiple times for directions, locations of attractions, recommendations, etc. Every time they were just as happy to help as if it were our first question.Our do not disturb sign was on from check in to check out and we were not disturbed once! In my experience with past stays at other hotels throughout the years, a do not disturb sign still means we can be bothered about towels and such. It was a pleasure to have the room all to ourselves.Our stay was the weekend before St. Patrick's day. The parade was happening as well as the green coloring of the river. The elevators were only accessible by key card. It was nice to have such security with a hard-partying crowd outside! The hotel is connected with a P.F. Chang's and another great restaurant; the name escapes me-they make grills, though. These restaurants will deliver to your room, if you like!! There's nothing like Chang's chicken lettuce wraps and mago iced tea in your pajamas!!If you get the chance, I highly recommend the Hilton Garden Inn Downtown Chicago.	
Mar 23 2005	Great Weekend At The Hilton Garden Inn	Just spent a super three- day weekend at the Hilton Garden Inn. Got a great rate of $109.00 from the Hilton web-site. Not super fancy but very clean, new appearance. Staff were all very helpful and pleasant. Did breakfast each morning at The Webber Grill. Great location. Lots of shopping and restaurants within walking distance. Took the free trolley to Navy Pier. This DuPage County kid and friends are already planning our next get away to Chicago and will definitely stay here again.	
Mar 22 2005	Satisfactory stay	My wife and I stayed at the Hilton right before Thanksgiving in 2004. Average hotel but we weren't at the hotel very much at all. Good location and Weber Grill Restaurant in lobby is very good. Our rate was $139,	
Mar 16 2005	Great service great value	We stayed at the this hotel for three nights last week and were really impressed. For the money ($170 Hilton website) this hotel is a real value for its excellent location. The staff was consistently helpful and friendly. Excellent management.	
Mar 16 2005	Very pleasant hotel great value and great location	I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn for 4 days after Christmas. I got a fabulous deal (less than $90 night: tax included). It was clean, quiet, a good size and a fabulous location. While it is not the height of luxury, it is comfortable and the surroundings are very pleasant. I literally could find no fault with the hotel. I would definitely stay there again when visiting Chicago.	
Mar 9 2005	regal hotel	The Hilton is a regal grand hotel. We stayed on the excutive floor. The room was a little small but a nice view of the park at a resonable price. Some freebee's are the beautiful Botanical Gardens, Lincoln Park Zoo, and Buckingham Fountain. Downtown offers an array of dinning. We ate at Fridays which was within walking distance to our hotel. Navy Pier is a must, but you'll want to find parking on the street. Second City is great for laughs at a reasonable price. The Shed Aquarium, although a little pricey is a Must see. For those romatics take a carriage ride around the city for about $30. There are lots of other great musems to visit too.	
Jan 24 2005	Very Enjoyable Stay	Have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hilton Garden Inn and will definately be staying here again.The location was superb ; 2 blocks from Michigan Avenue and surrounded by a large range of restaurants and shops. The staff were extremely pleasant and friendly at all times and the whole hotel seems brand new and clean. The free internet access from all rooms is a huge bonus,as is the fridge in the room. The only small problem we had was that you had to run the hot tap for about 5 minutes until the hot water came for the shower.But I think this was more to do with the location of our room at the end of a long corridor with no adjoining rooms.I'd highly recommend this hotel for anyone on a Chicago break: and I'm usually a very fussy hotel guest!	
Jan 6 2005	Very comfortable	Though this place doesn't have the charm of some of the older hotels in Chicago, it is very clean and comfortable. The best part is the pool on the 12th floor. If there aren't a bunch of frat boys in the hot tub, you might actually get a chance to relax and gaze out the fully windowed walls for the great view. We paid $96 for the room (2 double beds), but I wouldn't go much more than that. Not that it's not nice, but you can get a room in the Knickerbocker for that much. This just feels like most other Holiday Inn type places.	
Nov 24 2004	If you get a good rate this hotel is hard to beat!	I stayed at this property Nov. 11-13. The hotel was very nice and very clean. The Weber grill downstairs has a great breakfast menu and a good atmosphere at night. The location is perfect. 1/2 a block from ESPNZONE, Hard Rock Cafe, Rain Forest Cafe, Michigan Ave. My room was on the 15th floor and had a great view if the Sears Tower. I booked the room through Hilton's website and received a rate of $115 per night. I will stay at this property next time I am in CHI-TOWN...	
Nov 4 2004	Would definitely stay here again	We stayed here for 3 nights in july. The room was very clean, spacious and had an amazing view. The staff were friendly and very helpful, we were shown to our room by a member of staff to check that we thought there was enough room for the rollaway beds that we required. There was plenty of room for the rollaway beds and they were brought up straight away. There was free internet access, a small pool, hot pool and small gym all of which we made good use of. The hotel is in a great location right outside of the El. We would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 9 2004	Great Hotel Fabulous Staff	We enjoyed our four day stay at the Hilton Garden Inn. The room was neat and provided a lot of extras including microwave, refrigerator,etc.- for a reasonable price compared to other hotels. A wonderful location located a block away from Michigan Avenue without the noise. The continental breakfast that we paid for extra was worth it and having Starbucks in the hotel was also nice. The staff was excellent and if you want to make reservations, have them do it- they will get you in! We will stay there again on our next visit.	
Sep 22 2004	Great Stay at the Hilton Garden	Very pleased with our three day stay at Hilton Garden. Staff extremely courteous, check-in took less than a minute. Both the room and bathroom were very clean. Room was not huge, just nice size with king bed, work table, sofa chair and ottoman. Room was quiet, only occasionally disturbed by noisy people in hallway and passing fire truck 20 floors down. Location is hard to beat; two blocks from Michigan Ave. Tons of good restaurants within a few blocks, not to mention the Weber Grill in the same building. Only minor complaint would be noisy fridge, but turning the fridge down from max to medium setting took care of the issue. Since I would not rate this hotel as &quot;luxury&quot;, I would have hard time paying the $290 flat rate per night. If you can get the room at a discount like I did, it's defintely the top choice. Valet parking a little pricey if you are staying more than two nights, you can save a few bucks with self park.	
Sep 16 2004 	great staff!	We stayed at this hotel with two small children while my husband was in town for a trade show. We've stayed at many downtown hotels and I have to say that I've never experienced such a wonderful staff! The valet guys, the bellmen, the front desk and even housekeeping were not only helpful in every way, but went out of their way to be friendly and available. They treated our children like honored guests! The hotel is clean, new and updated and has a good location - but the staff is what makes it an excellent choice.	
Sep 13 2004 	Excellent hotel	This place is what you should expect in a hotel. Great service, great rooms, great amenities, and great location. I stayed here for a trade show for two nights and was extremely pleased my entire trip. The location is walking distance or a $5 cab ride to anywhere downtown. Feel free to ask any employee anything about the city or the hotel because they all seemed competent as well as eager to help.	
Sep 7 2004	nice and clean	We stayed at the Chicago Hilton Garden Inn over the Labor Day weekend and were delighted. It is very clean, not tired and worn out, but seems bright and new. The one special thing I liked was a top sheet on top of the blanket. I very much appreciated not having to touch that blanket. It also had all of the amenities e.g. microwave, refrigerator, hair dryer, computer connections, etc. The room was not especially large, but we spent relatively little time in the room - only to sleep. We would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 27 2004 	Two Thumbs Up... WAY Up!	We can’t wait to return to Chicago and this hotel. A nice hotel in a great location. Clean and comfortable. Starbucks coffee available in the lobby. Awesome shopping all around and a wonderful restaurant downstairs and numerous restaurants nearby. The hotel amenities are great and the staff are all very friendly and helpful. An overall GREAT value. We definitely recommend it!	
Aug 6 2004	My choice for Chicago	Some friends and I went to Chicago last month. We knew we wanted to be near Michigan Avenue, so we chose the Hilton Garden Inn. A bargain at $109 a night, whereas most of the other hotels we saw were much more expensive. It turned out to be great. The room is nothing fancy, but certainly nice and it was very clean (microwave in room is a nice extra). However, the drawing card is the location. It can't be beat. Within walking distance are many shops, restaurants, pubs, a blues bar, and a piano bar. We were all very pleased with our choice and I would recommend it to anyone who wants a great place to stay without breaking the bank.	
Jul 16 2004	very nice hotel	I stayed in this hotel for 4 days in the first week of July. The hotel is very well located, 5 minutes and you are on the magnificent mile. The rooms are neat, clean, nicely furnished. The front desk staff is really nice and helpful. Hotel is surrounded by restaurants, malls.... There is a supermarket in front of the hotel and you can buy all you need. There is a fridge in the room and a microwave, always helpful. I tried their restaurant Webber Grill and it was really good food, their black and blue burger is awesome... Starbucks is open in the lobby... great for morning coffee on the go...I will definitely stay there next time I am in Chicago.	
Jun 27 2004	great place to stay in chicago	this hilton gardens was the place to stay. at 99.00 a night through hilton.com this was the best deal by far. excellent location to everything. michigan ave. was just a few blocks and the red line was just outside the door which made it very easy to get to wrigley field. resturants galore were so easy to get to. the staff was GREAT. starbucks in the lobby was nice but only open in the morning. never made it to &quot;Webers&quot; for any meals but it did smell wonderful. the biggest complant were the sheets, they were way to small for the bed and always had to tuck them back under the mattress during the night. valet was 34.00 with in and out privileges or you can park across the street for 21.00 but with NO privileges. if you come with your kids make sure you check out the &quot;Espn zone&quot; great things to keep a kid happy and yes, great food also.	
Jun 8 2004	Wonderful stay	My wife, 12 year old son, and I stayed here May 28through June 1. The valets/bellmen at the frontdoor greeted us pleasantly as we walked up.(took the subway from the airport). Receptionwas friendly and efficient. Room was spaciousand very clean. Microwave and fridge were veryhandy since there is a great supermarket acrossthe street that is open til midnight. Starbucks1/2 block away. Nice workout room w/ smallpool. Free high-speed internet worked great.Approx. a 3-block walk over to Michigan Ave.where all the high-end stores reside. Easybus and/or subway ride to everything. We caughtBlue Man Group after a short subway ride.Loved the fresh flowers in the lobby. Highlyrecommended, especially for the price.	
May 12 2004	Great Hotel value for location service and ammenities		
Apr 13 2004	Satisfied...definitely staying here next time too		
Mar 25 2004	Great location concierge service lacking but makes up for it		
Feb 27 2004	Nice little hotel.		
Feb 23 2004	Excellent suites		
Feb 16 2004	Great Deal 		
Jan 22 2004	Garden Inn is Great		
Dec 17 2003	Great Place		
Dec 15 2003	We Love It !!		
Jun 13 2003	Hilton Garden Inn		
Oct 14 2008 	Etwas lautes aber komfortables Hotel gut gelegen.		
Apr 21 2007	Trés bien		
