	Weekend Affordable and Close to ORD/Chicago	This is an excellent hotel if you are in Chicago for the weekend and you don't mind taking the MTA into the City (30-40 minutes $2). If you are flying in, then they have a very frequent shuttle to pick you up from ORD. And if you are driving-in just for the weekend, the hotel is adjacent to the Blue Line Station to get into the city. Traffic can be maddening.They have an good fitness room in the basement and the pool area is adjacent with families. The only caution is that I would recommend any room ending in ##14, you will be away from the freeway and the room is set up as a 1 bedroom. Many room have the TV on a lazy Susan/dresser separating the sleeping area from the living area. Other thing, all bathrooms are modern walk-in showers--no tubs...	
Nov 21 2009 	My absolute favoriate in the area modern 	Stayed at several different hotels in this area including Hilton, Intercontinental, Renaissance is my absolute favorate! The suite is spacious, comfortable and modernly decorated. Free internet is available at hotel lobby as well as executive lounge. It's about 20 minutes drive from Chicago downtown, 5 minutes from Rosemont convention center, 10 minutes from O'Hara airport. Hotel rate is very good for the weekend but expensive and hotly sought-after during Expo events.	
Nov 20 2009	Watch Your Wallet	The architecture and food in Chicago are two thumbs up! The Renaissance Hotel - O'Hare has beautiful rooms but if you are a light sleeper you can hear planes taking off. The shuttle drivers are very helpful and friendly. Carlucci's Italian Restaurant nearby gets a 10 for food, service and atmosphere. Shoeless Joe Jackson's is a huge sports bar - huge portions, bar atmosphere.The downside is the commute to downtown. The trains are usually packed so we ended up standing for the 40 minute ride downtown. One of my friends had her wallet stolen on the Red Line. Very crowded and she forgot to take off her backpack purse.The wait to see the Sears Tower is 1 1/2 hours to get tickets and 1 1/2 hours to get to the sky deck so plan ahead. Water taxis are a great way to get full views of the downtown buildings. The Pier has something for everyone but the restrooms are far apart. The Frank Lloyd Wright tours are NOT available on the weekend.Howl at the Moon has great entertainment! Unfortunately, the server (who knew we were from out of town) or bartender added 6 beers to our bill and we didn't catch it until the next day. We contacted them but they basically said too bad. CHECK YOUR FOOD/BAR TABS BEFORE YOU PAY!!!Chicago was interesting but the thefts will keep me from returning.	
Oct 24 2009 	luxury at an affordable price	i just checked out of this hotel a few hours ago and had to write a review. for 99 dollars, i don't think you can get much better. the hotel was very clean. rooms are large (all suite hotel). the decor is very modern (with the exception of no flat screen tvs). the staff was very friendly and helpful. very quiet -- did not hear a single airplane. breakfast was very tasty. it is a few steps away from the CTA train, and there is a complimentary shuttle to and from the airport. i think 9.95 for 24 hours of internet is not much to ask. would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 19 2009 	Excellent Hotel Overpriced Parking	We had two rooms at this hotel the weekend of the Chicago Marathon -- one room for my wife, myself, and our young children, and one room for my parents. The hotel is nice, the suites are roomy enough for families, and the huge bathrooms are fantastic. The location is good if you are planning on taking the train into town for everything you do (it's right next to Cumberland Station), as long as you don't mind a 30-minute train ride.I knew the parking was $20 a night, but I read some reviews online that said you could avoid it by parking in free lots around the hotel. But there aren't free lots around the hotel -- every lot has a sign saying that if you don't have a permit, you'll get towed. I didn't want to take the risk, so I parked in the hotel garage.Lovely hotel, but $20 per night parking is overpriced for the location. Also, no free wifi in the rooms. That was kind of surprising.	
Oct 15 2009 	Excellent Hotel	We stayed here in early Oct after a long flight from Ireland. The (complimentary) shuttle driver was courteous and helpful with our bags. The hotel is located quite near to the airport but noise was never an issue here, sound-proofing is very good. Check in was quick and efficient. Very nice front desk staff, extremly helpful. Rooms are fabulous, extremely clean with comfortable beds, massive bathroom with really nice smellies and plenty of fluffy towels. We ate in the restaurant on 2 occasions and were more than happy with quality of the food and the service. Hot food (omlettes, pancakes etc) cooked to order so its always fresh. Also had sandwich from the bar, top class also. We would recommend this hotel to anyone. We choose it after reading reviews on Trip Advisor and were so glad we stayed there	
Oct 14 2009 	The hotel was okay but not as amazing as I had hoped it would be	Pros: The room was very clean and had great Aveda shampoo/soap (a plus since I had forgotten my own stuff). The beds were comfortable, and there were plenty of channels. The hotel itself was a great value, giving us an affordable place to stay during the Chicago Marathon. The room service was very prompt, and the food was pretty good. I particularly enjoyed their fries. They had a nice pool and hot-tub as well, with towels on the way there. The breakfast was pretty standard hotel breakfast, with a made-to-order omelette station (I didn't get to try this because they mixed up my omelette (no meat) with someone else's (lots of ham and bacon)). But it looked good...just keep an eye on your food. Cons: When we got into our room, one of the shades in the &quot;living room&quot; was broken, and the door deadlock would occasionally get stuck in the locked position. We never asked the staff to fix these problems so it may be unfair to complain about it. There was ALWAYS a wait at the front desk, no matter what time of day I went down there. I really felt like the hotel was understaffed, but maybe that was because it was a busy weekend. We asked for more towels in the morning and told them they could take their time as we didn't need them until the afternoon. We didn't realize that this would result in an 8 hour delay, after which we called for towels again. They were promptly sent up at that point. The concierge lounge was nice and quiet, but didn't have public computers or printers for use.Upon check-out, I was a little upset because when we asked the woman at the desk to hold our bags for the day (we could have asked for late checkout, but thought this would be more convenient for the hotel), she crammed my marathon poster into our bag, then wheeled it into a wall and bent it in half. I was shocked at the lack of care for personal belongings, so I'd recommend you not utilize this service.	
Oct 14 2009 	Great Hotel Perfect Price	Everything was wonderful! You must stay here if you want to save a buck! Best deal in Chicago!	
Oct 14 2009 	Great Hotel Great Price!	Renaissance Suites hotel was great as always. This was our second time at this hotel and was just as nice as we remembered. Staff was friendly and helpful. Stayed in room with my parents. Large enough for two couples to have private space. We took the comfortable sleeper sofa and they took the bedroom with a king bed. Short walk from the train station. Saved lots of money!!!	
Oct 13 2009 	Decent Hotel Near the Airport and Subway	This property is nice. The rooms are modern and designed like a mini suite with a separate living room and bedroom. The room has a TV – flat screen in living room and old fashion one in the bedroom. The bathrooms are nice with a modern glass shower, but no tub. Room includes a very nice modern desk and ergonomic chair. The restaurant and bar offer good food, which is nice if you’re stuck at this property which is about an hour from downtown Chicago on the subway. Driving at rush hour can take two hours to go fifteen miles to the downtown loop. I’d normally stay at the Renaissance downtown, but decided to stay at this one because I had a meeting in the area.  The property has a decent fitness center with modern equipment. If you’re a competitive or recreational swimmer you’d hate the 20 yard lap pool because the water temperature is about 87 degrees. No one can swim laps in 87 degree water temperature. A better name would be a wading pool, which is great for kids.The hotel posted a note in the room that they were doing some minor exterior work on the building during the week day 9 - 5, which I didn't notice because I wasn't at the hotel during that time.	
Oct 5 2009 	Just what we needed after a long flight from the UK	We stayed here for just the one night, as it was close to O'Hare and we needed to recharge our batteries before setting off on a long road trip. It was perfect, from the fast, efficient check in, through to the big comfortable room, spotlessly clean, and the even bigger, very comfortable bed. The room was very quiet and the staff were very helpful with recommendations for local restaurants. Excellent value for money and so convenient for the airport. Highly recommended! You do have to pay for parking, but we expected that so it wasn't a surprise to us.	
Sep 9 2009 	Wonderful Stay!!	I stayed at the REnaissance Chicago O'Hare Suites during a Labor Day trip to Chicago with my kids - ages 9 &amp; 11, and we had a fantastic experience. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. The service staff had pull-out linens to us within a few minutes of requesting them. The room cleaner even playfully propped my child's stuffed animals up in bed everyday. I was quite impressed with the overall experience. Rooms are nice and beds are very comfortable, but the pull-out beds are not.The hotel is very convenient to the &quot;L&quot; Cumberland station. We parked the car upon arrival and did not need to see it until we left (parking was $20/day for hotel guests in a covered garage). There is a short sidewalk from the hotel to the station, and the ride into the city is about 30 minutes. The trains run every 8 minutes, and I felt very comfortable doing this with my kids (although I'm also a very seasoned mass transit rider).We had a nice breakfast on our last day before leaving. It is quite pricey (thus why we only utilized it one day) but the food was very good and the staff quite accomodating. There is also a very nice indoor pool that the boys used before we left. Very clean pool, with a hot tub available for adults.Very nice experience, and I highly recommend this hotel as a less expensive alternative to pricey downtown hotels and parking!	
Sep 8 2009 	Not bad but the staff made it a 4* hotel	The hotel didn't impress me as a 4* hotel except for the staff... they were as helpful as they could have possibly been. We needed linens for the hide-a-bed... after a call to the desk they arrived in less than 5 minutes. Same with needing a plastic bag for wet clothing... housekeeping brought 5 bags to us in a matter of minutes. The staff at the front desk were equally helpful and seemed to enjoy being of service. Top rankings in this dept.The hotel itself was pretty ho-hum. The lobby was nice but the rooms/hallways (4th floor) looked like they needed some help. The carpet was stained all over in the hallways. The room (a two double bed suite) is almost to small to be a suite. The chairs were pretty uncomfortable, and the hide-a-bed was awful... the mattress was worn so much my son wanted to sleep on the couch without unfolding the bed... and he was a good 4&quot; taller than the sitting area! Nice mini-fridge, no microwave, and a great coffee maker. The bath area was nice and large, tho, but the terrycloth shower curtain was kinda strange.the $20/night for parking in their garage isn't necessary either. The lot on the east side of the hotel worked fine for the weekend, although it may be a different story during the week (I think it's actually for the neighboring office buildings). Not a lot of choices around for dining, although the Dominick's super market on the other side of the freeway is very convenient. For the seventy bucks per night I paid, I wasn't complaining at all.	
Aug 30 2009 	Very Nice "Airport Hotel"	We needed a hotel near the Airport. The Renaissance was Great.Their shuttles had longer hours of opperation than other hotels. (that we needed)The room was nice , and the staff was friendly.	
Aug 20 2009 	It's just ok -in need of a re-model	This hotel served it's purpose (a cheap hotel right next to blue line) about 30 minute train ride in to Chicago. I was there during a busy weekend when all hotels in the city were sold out or overpriced. I found this hotel online for a VERY reasonable rate (under $100), while 2 and 3 star hotels IN the city were charging near $200 to $400 a night. So, in that respect, this hotel is a deal. It's also reasonably convenient to the train - the closest hotel to the train stop (about a 2 minute walk a block aways).The rooms are desperately in need of a remodel. Honestly, they were not that clean (hair, dirt, crumbs, strange stains on floor, couch and towels). It wasn't super dirty, but it wasn't that clean, either. It was about the level of a Holiday Inn or therabouts.The front desk folks were nice. There's not much around within walking distance for food or anything. It's probably the nicest hotel near the airport and also fine for touring in to Chicago if you're trying to save money.	
Aug 17 2009 	Very Nice	Very beautiful hotel! I took a trip to Joliet to visit my boyfriend who played football at a college there. On the night that I was scheduled to fly back to Louisiana there was a huge snow storm &amp; fortunately I was placed in this hotel. What a treat?!? Very clean, well kept, and classy place. My room overlooked the expressway. There is also a Bennigans restaurant in walking distace &amp; the shuttle to the airport was a PLUS.	
Aug 4 2009 	Wonderful Surprise	We had stayed downtown during the week for a convention. We had booked the Renaissance O'Hare due to an extremely early return flight and wanted to be closer to the airport. We were pleasantly surprised when we arrived. The hotel was literally a couple of minutes from the train and had complimentary shuttles to the airport the next morning. The rooms were clean and fresh smelling... the bathroom was immaculate. Things that couldn't be said about the more expensive, 4 star hotel we had spent the week in downtown. I told my husband, I would have rather stayed at the Renaissance and taking the train in everyday! The next time we go to Chicago, we will definitely keep the Renaissance in mind!	
Jul 29 2009 	oasis with amenities	Attended conference at airport hotel. What a pleasant surprise this hotel is!!! Way above average for cost. Suite was beautiful. I had a corner room with sitting area, office area, frig, cozy bedroom, 2 TV's, beautifully tiled bath room, good room service. Coke machine on my floor wasn't working. That is my only complaint. Hotel is in a concrete jungle, if you are looking for nightlife, go downtown. If you are looking for a discrete, luxurious, stay in the room vacation. This is the hotel you want. Fly in, Fly out.	
Jul 17 2009 	Yet another happy Park 	A great rate from ParkSleepFly.com was too good to pass up! Suite accomodations slept my wife &amp; I in the king bed, and our two boys (8 &amp; 10) on the sofa sleeper. Front desk informs you that you can call Housekeeping to make up the sofa sleeper, which they did within a few minutes notice.Nice large bathroom had large walk-in shower, but a very high countertop means you have to wheel the desk chair in so the kids can reach the sink to brush teeth. Hard surfaces in the bathroom also meant that sounds echoed, so even though the bath can be closed off from the bedroom and sitting areas, it can be loud when you're trying to get the kids asleep for an early wakeup.Limited services available after 5pm-- Starbucks was closed. We went out to dinner, then early to bed for a 2am wakeup (eek!). Airport shuttle runs on the half-hours, all night long if you need it.Indoor parking can't be beat but spaces are tight and people park however they darn well please. The only glitch was my parking ticket didn't work in the exit gate upon returning from our trip, after being authorized for the week of parking before we left. Fortunately no one was behind me at the automated gate, as I had to back up and re-park, then go back to the front desk and wait behind other customers while my family was waiting anxiously in the lobby. The front desk eventually gave me a new ticket which allowed me to exit the garage successfully!We'll definitely return for future Park &amp; Fly's from ORD. Even if you're not flying out, check those rates because normal hotel parking is $20 per day and it might be cheaper than what you're quoted elsewhere for this property.	
Jul 6 2009 	Fantastic for Park n Fly	I stayed here the night before an international flight out of O'Hare. I booked my room thru ParkSleepFly at a nicely discounted rate that included parking up to five days and a free shuttle to and from O'Hare. The shuttle service was offered 24 hours and was very prompt. Front desk service was exceptionally helpful with airport information.The room was a spotless and spacious two-room suite. The living room area had a large tv, desk, chair and sizeable sofa. Beautifully decorated. The bedroom also had a tv. The bed was quite comfortable and the sheets were high quality. The bathroom amenities were upscale and aromatic and included shampoo, conditioner, facial and body soap as well as lotion. A hairdryer and magnifying mirror were also in the bathroom. The shower was amazing- huge, glass walled with various water pressure settings. The towels were fluffy and soft. Also, for an airport hotel it was surprisingly quiet. Maybe it was the location of my room, but I was hardly disturbed by noise even tho I could see planes coming and going. The only possible negative was a lack of dining options in a walkable distance. The room service and on-site pub menus were limited and a bit pricier than expected. I would stay at this hotel again when flying in and out of O'Hare. While there is an el stop nearby, I would think it too far for a stay involving downtown activities, but it was a nice hotel all around.	
Jul 1 2009 	unbeatable	room, staff, position, breakfast, all unbeatable, and only fiveminutes off the blue line. Excellent hotel at excellent price.	
Jun 22 2009 	Very good choice if you want to be close to O'Hare	I booked a weekend package here for my wife, adult daughter and myself through Travelocity. We were able to stay in one room because a sleeper sofa was available for my daughter and separate bedroom for my wife and I -( a definite advantage when Dad is picking up the tab for the weekend). Extra towels and bedding for the sofa were delivered promptly after a call to the front desk, and we found the service to be very good overall.We were visiting my son and his wife and didn't dine or drink here. There are no restaurants or convenience stores that we saw within walking distance.I won't repeat others' comments about the nice rooms and proximity to the blue line. We prefer to be closer to downtown, but for the money and accommodations, this property is hard to beat.	
Jun 19 2009 	Easy Park and Fly	We stayed here the night before an 8AM from O'Hare. The highway access is super easy and the shuttle got us to O'Hare quickly. Our room was on the tenth floor facing the highway so we had a little noise but nothing too bad. We got in late so we didn't visit the restaurant or bar but they looked decent enough. You're just steps from the Cumberland stop on the Blue Line so there are lots more options easily available. The room was a full suite, which I hadn't expected, so there was plenty of room to move around. I would consider this as a base for a long term visit to the city, at least when the Blue Line weekend work is done. Not a luxury hotel but very comfortable.We booked a ridiculously cheap rate through Park Sleep Fly, which included up to 2 weeks of covered parking and the total was less than if we'd used the O'Hare remote lot. We'd definitely stay here again.	
Jun 16 2009 	Great Hotel Great Price	A modern and stylish hotel located close to O'Hare. Easy access to and from aiport via hotel shuttle (runs every 30 min) - but you need to call if you want to be picked up from T5 International terminal. Rooms are large and sunny with light wood finishes. Suites consist of a living room with sofa, chair and an office area. TV is a large LCD affair with AV inputs that you can hook your laptop up to. The Bedrooms are also large and well equipped with a second tv (CRT only) bedding is high quality and the bed is comfortable. The suite has a large bathroom with huge walk in shower. In the lobby is a stylish sitting area and a small rather dark bar and a good restaurant. Key to the visit is the proximity of the Blue line taking you directly downtown in about 20 minutes. This makes this hotel an attractive proposition for leisure visitors. I had a great stay and at only $95 a night booked from the Marriott website it is a bargain - easily 100-200 cheaper than staying downtown	
May 16 2009 	They Ripped me off with unauthorized charges on my credit card	The hotel is nice enough. But beware, they will hit your credit card with charges you will know little to nothing about until you get your credit card bill.We were at a function downtown and pre-paid for a room at this hotel. The hotel is nice as was the room. However, if you drive there and expect to park your car there please think twice.When we arrived it was raining, the valet service had cars parked in every conceivable spot, include more than a dozen cars with only two wheels still on the pavement and the rest of the car up over the curb. As a result, we were greated near the street by the value and handed our claim ticket. We walked into the front entrance and directly to the front desk to check in.No where did we see a sign advising of the parking charge for guests that park there. There is a sign, but it is way over on the side of the building next to the garage exit - not someplace we came anywhere close to. We were not informed by any staff of any charges for parking. I know some hotels do charge their guests for parking, but others do not.We stayed the night and when we left I checked out at the front desk and they said everything was taken care of. So I dropped off the room keys and went to get our car. We were not offered nor given a receipt. I assumed there was no need since there was no reason to have additional charges other than what I already paid for when I booked the room.Handing the car claim ticket to the valet service we then waited for the car to be brought out. And waited, and waited - we waited over 30 minutes. Again the drive was completely packed with parked cars they had yet to relocate into the parking garage. So when our car finally came out they had only one place they could put it and that was out near the street again - at least this time it was not raining.Having to check my credit card account for other reasons today I noticed several charges from the hotel. One was 25.01, and the other was 19.99. So I called, they had no idea what those charges were for - supposedly my card was to be charged $45 for parking and $5.99 for a bottle of water from the mini-bar that we never even opened.Parking in downtown Chicago on a weekend for any overnight rarely costs more than $25 at any parking garage. Thus this charge, which they neither got my consent for nor did they inform me of it at any time while at the hotel, is very excessive.After speaking with a manager at the hotel they agreed to remove the mini-bar charge, but refused to remove the parking charge.I have a great deal of problem with any business that takes free license to charge your credit cards without first informing you of those charges and obtaining your consent for those charges. Because they seem to be able to do this and have no problem doing it I would strongly advise that you avoid this hotel.	
May 5 2009 	Superior Location to Airport Nice Rooms	We stayed two nights in this hotel, just a short distance from Chicago's O'Hare airport. The hotel offers a free shuttle service to and from the airport that runs about every 20 minutes, you can take the CTA blue line, which is just a 5-minute walk from the front door of the hotel, or I'm sure you can call a cab too (we didn't use a cab at all).The rooms of the hotel are nice, if a bit modern. The noise of the airport isn't bad, though there is an airplane headed overhead from time to time that you can hear. For being so close to one of the world's busiest airports, it's surprisingly quiet. Our room had no bathtub in it, which wasn't a big deal, but if for some reason you like a tub, this might be an issue for you. Check to see if they have one.While the hotel offers a unique 'dive in' movie every Friday and Saturday night at their indoor pool, where you can pull up a float or a lounge chair and watch a family movie by the pool, in practice it doesn't work very well. First, you can't listen to it because, well, kids are loud and pool enclosures tend to echo. Second, you can't see it very well because pools need a certain amount of lighting and the hotel didn't choose to use a very powerful projector. So if you want to choose this place solely for this purpose, it might not be the best choice.As you might surmise, the hotel isn't really family-friendly. This isn't to say it's a bad hotel, as it's not. It appears to be quite new, and everything is rather nice. But it is nestled among several office buildings, meaning there are really no choices for anything to do outside 'working hours', and very few things to do even inside those hours. The buildings themselves are alongside a rather large freeway. A somewhat residential area is available across the freeway, and there is a footpath across the freeway - but it's a bit of a hike.Because of that, the lack of a tub, and the design of the hotel's eating facilities, it is somewhat surprising that they even have a family night such as this one, as the two don't really fit together. But for us, the hotel served the purpose well, and we could easily catch the train into town when we needed to do so. Speaking of which, the best deal we found was to get a Visitor Pass - $5 for 24 hours of unlimited riding of trains and buses, available at a number of locations, including the airport.	
Apr 21 2009 	NO CONCIERGE AVAILABLE!	I really wanted to like this hotel but the fact that they didn't have a concierge available (especially first time in Chicago) Concierge leaves at 10:30am. and you have to be an Elite member to get access to the concierge lounge.	
Apr 6 2009 	Great stay and fly hotel!	This hotel is located 5 minutes from O'Hare. The parking for our car was a covered structure, which was better than other hotels. They have 24 hour service to the airport. The hotel suite was roomy. It was clean. The bed was comfortable. The staff was VERY courteous. The van driver was quite helpful, particularly since my husband is handicapped.	
Feb 26 2009 	Decent Room nice hotel overall but does not appear to have Marriott Revive Bedding	This hotel is fairly nice. The front desk staff was very friendly and the room was very clean. My only complaint was the bedding. Most Marriott hotels have upgraded to the Marriott Revive bedding, but this hotel does not appear to have done so. The bed was very firm and not as comfortable as I'm accustomed to at most Marriott/Renaissance hotels. It also does not yet have flat screen/hdtv. While this hotel was nice, I gave it an average rating in comparison to most other Marriotts.	
Feb 20 2009 	great value	We booked this through a Park/Sleep/Fly leaving our car their for a week. It was easy to get to from I-90, covered parking and a really nice room. Clean and spacious. It was well worth the money. We were able to use the pool and it was warm and clean. Staff was very helpful and the shuttle was quick and easy to the airport. No problems at all. We will stay here again.	
Feb 3 2009 	Love this hotel!	We usually always stay at this hotel when in the O'Hare area. The quality you expect from a Renaissance property is what you get: Great! The location is good...not too close but not too far from the airport, and they DO provide an airport shuttle every 30 minutes. There are places to eat and drink on the other side of the highway in Rosemont (about a 2 minute drive). Parking is in a covered garage (extra charge depending on your room rate) which is nice in both summer and winter.The hotel is a very nice-looking hotel. The decor is well put-together and it is clean and new. Every room is a suite with plenty of room and a pull-out sofa. One of my favorite parts of this hotel is the bathrooms; no bathtub, but the shower is amazing and beautiful. The bed is soft and fitted with nice linens and plenty of pillows. The front desk is usually extremely helpful.There is a Starbucks downstairs near the lobby and the hotel bar/lounge is a nice place to have a few drinks if you have no mode of transportation.This property also offers a very reasonable park, sleep and fly deal.	
Jan 21 2009 	Modern Clean next to transit	Asolutely perfect. Very modern and clean hotel. Would stay there again next time I go to Chicago. You are 5 minutes away from O'hare airport and 25 mins from downtown. You can walk to the rapid transit line (CTA Cumberland).	
Jan 14 2009 	Great Hotel	We try and stay here every time we fly out of O'hare. Great service, rooms, bar, food and shuttle. The rooms are large and very nice. They have covered parking and the shuttle is easy to find when leaving O 'Hare.	
Jan 8 2009	Short but pleasant stay	We spent one night at the Renaissance OHare and found good value. Especially if you need a park, sleep and fly package for an early morning flight from OHare. Note, we left our vehicle for a week in the parking ramp and did not have any theft issues as noted in a different review. However we parked in the middle of the rows and did not leave anything of value in the vehicle. We checked in at 10 pm. The staff was energetic and courteous for that hour of the day. Our room was a suite and much more than we needed for our 7 hour stay with a fridge, sofa, TV and working area in the business side and our bed, bath and a TV in the bedroom area. The room was clean and fairly modern. The bed was only average, but very spacious.We ate in the hotel bar. At 1015 pm, t he menu was limited, but the food was okay. The service was very good. We also noticed a deli and snack area near the front desk with prepared sandwiches, salads, sodas and snacks which all looked pretty good.Check our was fast at 445 am and the shuttle took us right to the terminal. They also validated our parking at that time so it was not necessary to do that on the way back. We did wait a bit on the return for pick up, but on the whole the van service was adequate.	
Dec 25 2008 	Excellent Stay at Renaissance	We stayed at the Renaissance Chicago O'Hare Suites using a sleep and fly package. Check-in went smoothly with a friendly front desk staff. The rooms were extremely clean and comfortable, with a bedroom area and attached living room area with separate flat-screen TV's. The bath was very modern with a large glassed-in shower. There were nice ammenities and products in the bath. We visited the lounge area for cocktails in the evening and service was great and the quality of drinks was very good. The lobby was impressive and their Christmas decorations were beautiful.We used the shuttle service to the airport which was efficient and prompt. Upon our return, they were equally efficient. We appreciated the covered parking area and did not experience any problems there. Although our stay was brief, we would definitely go back and also would recommend it to anyone.	
Dec 3 2008 	Good for pre flight night	Stayed at the hotel one night before flying out of O'Hare on vacation. Very nice hotel but hard to find since it is set inside off of the main streets.Rooms were very nice and large with good amenities. Ate at the hotel and food and service were very good. Manager immediately waited on us and spoke with us about how large the portions were. We were going to order too much food based on the huge size of portions, so he was very friendly and assisted us. Waitress was very helpful also.I thought this hotel was very good value and location was good for flying out of O'Hare. Free shuttle service was good, departing every 30 minutes on the hour and 1/2 hour.	
Dec 1 2008 	Loved this place!!	Wow, talk about really nice hotel rooms, we loved just about everything. The color scheme and layout were extremely well thought out, the bed was very comfortable, and the bathroom was very spacious (we forgot to ask for a room with a tub, so we only had a shower but it was a very large walk in shower). The flat screen TV swiveled so you could watch TV from the sofa or while in bed. We found the hotel to be very quiet, we did not hear any plane noise. The sheets need a bit of upgrading as they were not the softest. The room was quite warm, we ended up opening a window for a while to get the room cooled down. The staff was friendly and the 24 hours convenience store with salads, milk, soda, and other items was exactly that, convenient and not overly expensive. It's right by the front desk so you just grab what you want and pay at the front desk. The lobby is very attractive, lots of wood and very warm looking. The indoor pool was nice and clean. The hotel was showing a movie for families on Sat. night . You could swim and watch Finding Nemo. The hot tub was also nice and clean but very very hot, I would suggest they lower the temp a bit, everyone that went in was complaining about how hot it was. The pool water was very comfortable. We paid $20/day to park but were staying using Marriott points so I did not mind. Others paying full price, probably will mind. I don't think they should charge for parking. There was no bell staff at the entrance to offer to help with luggage etc. All in all we enjoyed our one night stay and definitely would consider returning for the right price.	
Nov 30 2008 	CAUTION Park and Fly	My partner and I purchased a park and fly package through the hotel for the covered parking. The vehicle was parked close to the elevator on the 2nd floor in a main area of the garage. The vehicle was vandelized and GPS Unit stolen from Console (security coded) and Sirius Radio stolen. Broken passenger windshield, broken console and damaged door. The hotel and hotel parking is behind an office building and not well traveled in the evening. The parking gate was left open at least one of the evenings. The manager has indicated they have no responsbility for the parking structure. There is no warning posted to hotel guest your parking at your own risk. The manager has indicated they have had this issue before. I suggested she advise the General Manager to put up cameras or have the employees walk through the parking lot once in a while. A Police Report was filed with the Chicago Police Department. The 1st room we had was a hard mattress. The room on the return trip was a softer matress. I would not stay at this hotel again for a park and fly unless the parking lot was more secure.	
Nov 19 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed 11/17/08 for one night. Rooms are very clean there was a living area ,bedroom and large bathroom . Food was excellent at this hotel, service was very good. I will return to this hotel and would recommend.	
Oct 2 2008 	Enjoyed our stay.	My friend and I stayed at the Renaissance Sept 12th-15th. I loved the room with separate bedroom and huge bathroom. We wanted a tub and were accomodated. Some notables:I agree with another reviewer that the beds were really firm. We had a room w/two double beds and both were pretty hard. Aside from that, very clean &amp; soft linens. Flat panel tv in the &quot;living room&quot;, that was nice. The big desk /mini fridge was great, too.You have to pay $10/day for in-room internet, although there is free wifi in the lobby.The breakfast buffet at Fresh is really good. For $12, you get all you can eat: fresh fruit, oatmeal, made-to-order omelettes/pancakes/french toast, bagels, muffins, bacon, sausage...endless. We really enjoyed this and ate there the mornings that we had time. The only odd thing that happened was that the entire hotel lost power our last night there. This was after two days of horrible rain. We managed to get warm showers before leaving, which was a pleasant surprise. The hotel staff was very nice about the power-outage and apologized for the inconvenience. Even with the power outage, our bill was still shoved under our room door for easy check-out. We obviously couldn't use the video check-out as there was no power, but checking out took no more than two minutes at the front desk.The hotel did a great job of accomodating our needs, i.e. bringing us a bottle opener and robes when requested.	
Sep 16 2008 	Great place when flying out of Ohare	We stayed here with the park-and-fly rate booked through a third party Web site and loved the experience. The only part I did not like was driving through Chicago to get there. Once there, the parking is INDOORS. The area felt safe. The shuttle was 24 hours and perfect in both taking us and picking us up at the airport. PLUS the hotel is right beside the EL train if you want/need to go other places and don't want to drive. The service was exceptional in all areas we used. The rooms were way cool and suites. No free breakfast? True but overall a good deal for the price. If you don't believe me, price the parking for your trip as if you'd park at the airport, then price the room at this hotel with the park-and-fly rate. You'll get the idea quick.	
Sep 1 2008 	Overall A Pleasure.	Rooms are nice, clean and large. Only complaints on rooms is that beds are unusually hard. (Not a fan of Hard beds)Excellent Excersize room, with OK pool in the basement.Excellent Bar, Good Restaruant (Fresh?), and Starbucks in the lobby. Parking is expensive, but close and safe.I have stayed here multiple times, and it's my son's favorite hotel.Soundproofing is quite impressive considering it's proximity to O'Hare.We'll most likely be back here.	
Aug 20 2008 	Solid choice at O'Hare	I've stayed in several of the hotels at O'Hare, and this is one of the best (even better, if often has very reasonable rates). --Efficient check-in.--Great staff overall--everyone I interacted with, from the shuttle driver to housekeeping, was polite and helpful.--Huge, big rooms. The suites have a large desk that allowed me to spread out and get a lot of work done. The bathrooms are also very large.--Great bedding! I had a great night's sleep. The rooms also have room-darkening shades, which was a lot better than typical hotel curtains that gap open and let in light.--Timely, tasty room service.--I liked that they sold buy-to-go meals in the lobby. I grabbed one on my way to the airport.--Decent fitness center. Would like it better if it wasn't in the basement, but it had good cardio and weight equipment, free water, etc.A couple of the surfaces in the room were showing some signs of age (some chipped wood, some worn fabric on a chair) but not enough to be a problem.Overall, an excellent stay -- a very solid choice if you have to overnight at O'Hare. It is a little farther from the airport than some of the other hotels, but the shuttle ride is still only about 15 minutes, and it's right next to the train if you want to ride it downtown.	
Aug 15 2008 	Finally a wonderful airport hotel!	After staying in a few other hotels by the airport, my expectations were not that high. However, I have finally found my hotel of choice when attending meetings by O'Hare. The room was very welcoming with its bright colors. And despite the planes taking off and landing, the sound -proofing was excellent. The room was spacious with comfortable and yet very functional furniture. The bathroom is definitely large and the walk-in shower wonderful. The bed provided a very restful night of sleep. Service throughout the entire stay was superb and the staff always friendly and accommodating. Having Starbucks downstairs and a tiny convenience store was a bonus. Parking was reasonable and it was great to be able to self-park without having to go so far. Great hotel for business travelers, as once you are in your room - it is very quiet.	
Jul 30 2008	Overpriced Small Rooms	I don't normally stay in full service hotels and consider myself a value based traveler. I stayed here to do work travel and a special coupon.This hotel was &quot;nice&quot; but with small rooms and extra $$ for everything. Internet was $10 per day; using a computer cost $$ per MINUTE and so did printing. There was no &quot;free&quot; breakfast of any kind, just overpriced resturants. The pool and workout room were nice and well equipped. I wouldn't stay here again on my own but for those that like &quot;full service&quot; it's at least a pretty hotel and the staff was more than accomodating. They even had a cell phone charger service, where if you left your charger at home, they go through the ones unclaimed by previous guests, try to find a match and charge your phone/laptop; that was pretty cool.	
Jul 27 2008 	excellent hotel	Excellent hotel.Great rooms, clean, restaurant/ Starbuck's in lobby.Close to O'Hare, gas stations to fill rentals near by.Excellent staff.Parking not included.	
Jul 22 2008 	Top notch hotel superb value	We stayed at this hotel to park, sleep and fly. 10 days parking are included, so it is a good value for a trip of about a week. Extra days cost $20, though. This is a big hotel. Lots of airline crew were there when we checked out. Everything was very clean and very nice--probably the nicest room I have ever stayed in. The suites rooms are modern, nicely decorated, and stylish. The bathroom includes a huge shower enclosed in glass. No bathtub. The room is nicely equipped, with 2 LCD TV's, a fridge, safe, hair dryer, etc. There was even a copy of Newsweek in the room and a glass bottle of water. There is no kitchen, however. A few quibbles--I prefer disposable cups to glass. The hotel avoids normal names for things, so it's 'hair wash' instead of 'shampoo', and something cute instead of 'do not disturb'. The clock radio is the most complicated I have ever seen. A card placed on it helpfully suggests arranging for a wake-up call instead. No breakfast is included and anything you buy will be expensive. As a high end hotel, they have a trademark scent blasting in the lobby. Anyone with issues to fragrances would be doomed. I actually found the lobby design a bit lacking and sterile, even though there are lots of comfortable chairs. Airport shuttles are frequent, large and nice. It takes about 20 minutes to get to and from the airport.	
Jun 21 2008 	Pleasant surprise near O'Hare	Normally the thought of staying in an airport hotel fills me with dread. I much prefer to stay in the city, especially in a place like Chicago, but since I had a business meeting in a building that was literally a 5 minute walk away it made sense to stay close by. (This comes in handy too with the unpredictable Chicago winter weather!) I was pleasantly surprised by the hotel. First off, it's pretty new so everything is very clean and the design is modern. The rooms include a living room with desk and sitting area, and a separate bedroom. The bathrooms are large - I'm female, I always judge a hotel by its bathroom - and the shower was huge. Plus they have a Starbucks in the hotel.	
Jun 18 2008 	Wonderful for park n flying families!	What a value! For $99 got over a weeks worth of covered parking, free shuttles and a spacious suite!Just parking at O'Hare for 10 days was going to cost us more!This hotel really is the absolute best parknfly option at O'Hare.The room and bathrooms were very large. For a family with teenage daughters, all trying to get ready before our early flight, we could not have asked for more.We have stayed at other ParknFly hotels near O'Hare, so we know what we are talking about here.The pool was awesome, and the workout room has a window into the pool. So I could keep an eye on both of my girls, one swam and the other worked out.The &quot;L&quot; is right across the street for easy access to Chicago.We will definetly use this hotel again!	
Jun 10 2008 	A well needed oasis	When my flight out of O'Hare was cancelled, I found myself needing a place to stay the night. My airline gave me a voucher for discounted hotels near the airport, and this hotel had the best price- $79 plus tax and fees for a Sunday night. I was able to catch the free shuttle to the hotel. I was really suprised by the warm colors and modern design in both the lobby and room! This hotel is a chain of the Marriott Hotels, so I expected the same sort of cookie cutter look I had previously seen with Marriott. I booked a non smoking suite with a king size bed. The room was very warmly decorated with deep reds and gold. The shower was fantastic with the large open glass shower stall. I have to say, that I was really wishing that there was a nice tub to bathe in after such a stressful day. The bedroom offered a bed with down comforter, closet, tv, and cd alarm clock. In the sitting room, there was a really comfortable couch, foot stools, large desk and office station, a tv and coffee/tea station. My room also offered a refrigerator (not a minibar) for use. I really wish that I could have stayed here for much longer and explored. The service was very fast and quite friendly. There is a starbucks located in the hotel as well as Fresh restaurant and R bar. There was also food available by the check in desk while the restaurant was closed, but it was rather expensive ($9 for a sandwhich). I would most definitely stay here again.	
Jun 10 2008 	Conveniently Located and Nice Hotel	My self and 3 colleagues were on a business trip to Chicago. We landed at O’Hare grabbed a rental car and drove to the hotel. The hotel is a bear to get to during rush hour as you have to go through a toll plaza and then jump 6 lanes of traffic to the right to get off in time. Arrival was fine check in was polite and smooth. I do grumble about $20/day to park in an attached garage. They give you a paper receipt that the hotel validates then as you come and go you have to feed the ticket into the slot at the non-attended gate, you still get charged $20 per night the validation just allows you to come and go... no big deal just an aggravation. Hotel lobby is nice, but loud - there is free wireless internet in the lobby only.. otherwise it's about $10/ night in the room. There is a Starbucks on site and a hotel restaurant and bar I didn't use. The rooms are suites - spacious and clean comfortable bedding. There is a glass enclosed shower stall that was nice, but the drain was VERY slow moving and by the end of the shower I had a nice little lake built up. The hotel has a nice gym in the lower level, steppers, treadmills, ellipticals, free weight dumb bells up to 50lbs and some cable machines - a lot more than most hotels offer!!! We got a rate of $188/ night.All in all not a bad hotel and very convenient to anywhere in Chicago. You are in the flight path to O’Hare but even on the 10th floor I could not hear the planes as they landed I would probably stay here mostly because it is convenient.	
Jun 1 2008 	Exceeded expectations	This is a lovely hotel that feels clean and new, has upscale attractive modern design and rooms that are spacious and beautifully decorated. Upon entering a hotel room, when the door first opens, there's either an immediate feeling of disappointment or elation based on one's expectations. This room (dbl/dbl) was airy, comfortable, stylish, roomy and gave a great welcome feeling. There's a Starbucks in the lobby--yes!--and very easy access to the airport. We would definitely stay again, it was a pleasant and unexpected delight.	
May 28 2008 	Great park 'n fly option	We have stayed at the Renaissance O'Hare Suites on several ocassions when we've had flights out of O'Hare. Have gotten some great one-night rates, which includes the week of free parking. Parking is covered in the deck attached to the hotel. Rooms are very large, clean, and well worth the price. Shuttle service is free to the airport.	
May 27 2008 	Loved the breakfast buffet and the friendly staff	I booked this hotel for our memorial day weekend trip to chicago by reading the reviews here and I'm so glad I did it. Well worth the money and the breakfast buffet was awesome! The restaurant waiter was so nice, best service ........sorry I forgot to get your name or else I would have posted it here. ....he was the best. ........The ladies in the reception were extra nice too.....my kids kept switching the rooms back &amp; forth two times and they were very glad to offer the room of our choice. .........Thank you Renaissance, will definitely stay there again.........:)	
Apr 22 2008 	Great hotel at O'Hare	I normally don't stay at airport hotels, but this was an exception and well worth it. The Renaissance O'Hare is a modern suite-type hotel with a nice sitting area, separate bedroom, and a huge bathroom. While it is only minutes to the airport with a free shuttle, it is also easy to get downtown Chicago. There is a train station about 500 feet from the hotel that you could get to by foot. Although it takes a little less than an hour to get downtown, it is very inexpensive. Overall, this was a very nice hotel at a great value.	
Apr 1 2008 	Mixed Review	This would have been a great location for a three star hotel, the only problem is that this is a four star.Overall this propoerty worked well for us. It has a wonderful location, just steps away from the subway, blue line, cumberland station.The room was clean and in order. It had everything we needed, and the bed is very comfortable. If you can get a deal on your rate this is a good choice, but if you want the service of a four star you may want to consider some place else. The room advertised bathrobes, we had to ask for them. Our rate included breakfast, but it was &quot;accidentally&quot; added to our room one morning. The keys are elecrtonic cards like every where else, but ours stopped working several times. These are all small details, but shouldn't happen at this class of property. Like I said, if you get a good rate, this place will do just fine.The food at the restaurant was good, and reasonably priced. There were towels, water and fruit available at the pool. If you exit the subway skywalk in the opposite direction, you'll find a grocery store about two hundreed yards down the sidewalk.We paid $199 for a week night, I wouldn't pay that for this place again. But we paid $115 for a weekend night, which included breakfast, I would do that again. If you want location, A+. If you want service, B+. If you want the small details of a higher class property, B-.	
Apr 1 2008	The PERFECT "Park and Fly"	My brother and I stayed at this hotel prior to flying out to Miami for a brief vacation. The &quot;Park and Fly&quot; rate was just excellent with 10 days of covered parking included in the price.The hotel is new and modern and the room are excellently appointed. The beds are unbelievably comfortable with great pillows. The room included a comfortable sitting area separate to the sleeping area. The bathroom, like the rest of the room, was spacious and well equiped. The bathroom only has a shower however it was huge. The only minor dissapointment was that it was equiped only with a fairly basic shower and it could easily have accommodated a powerful multi head shower which would have been in keeping with the very modernistic look of the frameless shower stall. This being said, if the most one could complain about is the shower, then we were pretty lucky.I would highly recommend this hotel and will not go anywhere else when flying out of O'Hare again. That being said, actually, I would stay here above anywhere else even when visiting the city. Full marks.	
Mar 26 2008 	Perfect Overnighter	We picked this hotel to stay at overnight before we left Ohare for Puerto Rico. We drove from Milwaukee and had an early flight the next day and we chose the park, sleep, fly option where we stayed one night and got to park at the hotel for 10 days. The price was all inclusive and we got a free shuttle ride to and from the hotel and airport. The rooms were extremely spacious. All of them had a separate bedroom, bathroom, and separate living area with mini-fridge and microwave. We didn't really get to take advantage of much since we had no idea how nice this place was and was just using it for the cheap room/car storage. We paid $100 for the one night and 10 days car parking on Jan 2nd. We did check out the large pool area and fitness center. They had free apples and bottles of water out near the fitness center. If I would have known it was such a nice place, we would have driven down earlier in the day and started our vacation a day early! Beds are comfy and bathroom was really nice. Place was spotless and decorated very modern. Would recommend this place to anyone!	
Mar 15 2008 	outstanding!!!	we stayed here a couple of years ago and decided to give it another try....and couldn't have been more pleased. Stayed at a lot of the O'Hare airport hotels and this is by far, the best! Rate was better than most competitors, rooms are spacious and clean, service was genuinely caring and considerate. The last time we stayed it was a bit noisy....on the highway/metro side...so make sure you request a room on the opposite side.....we did and it was quiet and comfy. Look forward to staying here again and again and again...	
Mar 14 2008 	Comfy beds big bathroom	Booked through park, sleep, fly. Paid about $170 for a room with 10 days parking. Shuttle service on time and very friendly. Room very clean, big, comfortable, and very quiet. Restaurant was very good; had one of the best salmon dishes I had ever tasted! Only difficulty was finding the place to get the shuttle service back to the hotel. Make sure you know where the pick up is. They were not too detailed in where the van would be.	
Feb 7 2008	Nice airport hotel	After being stranded at O'Hare by United Airlines, I needed a place to sleep for the night at my own expense. United gave me a slip of paper to call a &quot;distressed passenger service,&quot; and they offered me the Renaissance for $79. Renaissance hotels are usually nice, so it seemed like a good bet.Indeed it was. Excellent shuttle service to the airport every 20 minutes, and then about a 10 minute ride. Very fast and friendly check-in, and the hotel looks sharp. Annoying double beds instead of queens, but you do also get a fold out coach if you're travelling with kids. The beds were super comfortable, and with all rooms suites, there's plenty of space. Definitely in the top 10% of all airport hotels I've stayed in.	
Jan 29 2008 	What a Find!	This is one of the nicest hotels near O'Hare...And I've stayed at most of them! United Airlines put me up here for a night after a recent cancellation...They usually get me the Hilton, but they were booked. I have very little bad to say about this place! First of all, the room was quite spacious--a little larger than most all-suite properties. The decor was very new and fresh. The parlor room had a flat-panel TV while the bedroom had a standard tube TV. The bathroom was very large and marblesque. I joked with my wife about the shower--I came out and said, &quot;Whew, that was close--I almost got lost in there!&quot; The shower was that big. A few minor gripes with the room: the blinds--they were very tough to close. Also, while the bed was super-comfy, the pillows were pretty weak. But my biggest gripe was the bed was a queen--not sure if they have Kings or not...We sleep on a king at home, so to us it seemed cramped. This was a club-level room--I have low-level elite status with Marriott, so not sure if the standard rooms are any different. The restauant was amazing! It was a Saturday night shortly before closing--only people in there. Service was great, but the food...I had their signature pasta dish, which was to die for. Next time United strands me at O'Hare, I'll request this hotel over the Hilton, even though it's about 10 minutes further from ORD.	
Jan 18 2008 	Great hotel	Reserved room through ParkSleepFly.com. Got the room for the night before our flight and the night of our return flight. Included parking for duration at a great price. Reserved 1 suite for four of us and it was fantastic. More affordable than separate rooms at a lesser hotel. It really was a grand hotel. Service was fantastic except one bar waitress was horrible.Entire hotel is non-smoking, there is a smoking area outside and around the corner of the front door.We will return to this hotel for accommodations for all our flights from now on-provided its available at the rate found on ParkSleepFly.com.	
Jan 12 2008 	Best Park Sleep and Fly for any money.	I used Parksleepnfly.com to book a recent trip and selected the Renaissance Chicago O'Hare because of the cost, location, and the factthat it had covered parking. This was a beautiful, clean, quiet hoteland the parking was indeed covered and attached to the hotel. I felt very safe leaving my car there. I ordered room service because I was alone, and it was served on real china and very promptly. I would recommend this hotel, especially if you are flying out of O'Hare and need to park your car. The shuttle was very convenient.	
Jan 9 2008 	Convenient location to All State Arena and O'Hare	I spent one evening at this hotel on a business trip. The suite rooms are very spacious and the set up was good.Pros:Convenient location to O'Hare and All State ArenaConvenient access to trains to O'Hare and downtown ChicagoLarge glass showerBusiness area was easy to useDecent restaurants and bar areasStarbucks on siteCons:No bathtub (didn't bother me)Very hot exercise areaUtilitarian pool area; fine for business travelers seeking exercises, wouldn't recommend for familiesGood value.	
Dec 23 2007	Excellent airport hotel	I usually stay downtown when visiting Chicago but this time downtown rates were so high that I tried this airport hotel which offered a suite at a quarter of the price. The location is offsite from the airport but the complementary shuttles seem to run quite frequently. The hotel is also a short walking distance to a cta blue line stop which will get you downtown in about 45-50 minutes. Other than that there is nothing of interest walking distance from the hotel.The suite was very satisfactory - of average size but comfortable and in very good condition - great value for the money. The whole property feels very fresh. Room service was a little disappointing in quality, there's also a starbucks in the lobby and a small fridge in the suite. The highway and cta blue line tracks are just next to the hotel so there's a moderate amount of noise - you may therefore want to request a room on the quieter side of the hotel.Riding the cta blue line to downtown was slow but very economical. At 11pm, the trains were still quite full and there were other guests from this hotel and the Marriott on the other side of the highway riding the same train.Overall highly recommended for park and fly, early flights out of O'Hare, quick stopovers in Chicago, or as a budget alternative when downtown hotels are overpriced.Property: 4/5 - Service: 5/5 - Cleanliness: 5/5 - Location: 3/5Room: 5/5 - Amenities: 4/5 - Views: 3/5Value: 5/5 (paid $109+tax/night weekend stay)OVERALL: 4.5/5	
Dec 10 2007 	Excellent Stay - Park 	Stayed here w/spouse as part of the park and fly package. It's a great option since you can leave your car there for up to 10 days in covered parking. The suite was very clean, well appointed, and with super comfortable beds (which is why I prefer Marriott). The staff was very attentive and epitomized customer service. Complimentary shuttle to and from Ohare (about 5 minute drive). I'll definitely use the park and fly option at this hotel from this point on! Great place to stay!!	
Dec 8 2007	Superb	Excellent from start to finish. Beds were just wonderful.	
Dec 3 2007 	Great place to stay park and fly!	We recently stayed at the hotel for one night in order to park and fly out of O'Hare. The hotel far exceeded our expectations. The room was nice and clean. The shuttle was waiting right outside the door and we were able to leave our car for 10 days. The price could not be beat.I recommend this hotel the next time you are flying out of O'Hare.	
Nov 28 2007 	Love to stay here	After two night in hotel downtown we moved to stay here for the last night and I loved it here .Nice design hotel ,new,friendly staff,big room,clean, and easy to get to the airport .If I go to Chicago agian I will stay here	
Oct 29 2007 	GREAT Family Getaway	Our family of 3 spent a 3-day weekend in Chicago, driving north from St. Louis. Our selection of this hotel was based primarily on their very attractive weekend pricing, their &quot;suite&quot; arrangement, and of course the indoor pool! The stay was excellent. Very easy to enjoy the hotel and its ammenities. As other reviewers have noted, there is a 30-40 min ride into town on the blue line. The stop is adjacent to the hotel which makes it very convenient. Since this was a very leisurely trip for us, the ride to/from downtown Chicago wasn't a problem. We did purchase the 2-day visitor passes for $9 which worked well. (Note: our room was on the end closest to the train tracks/freeway and I heard the train all through the night. It didn't keep me awake, but I woke up several times each night).The room is well equipped, but not very large. We did use the sleeper sofa in the &quot;living room&quot; and when out, the bed took up about all of the floor space. The rooms have a coffee service area which is nice (to hold you over until you make it down to Starbuck's in the lobby!). The fridge is also handy. Most notable about our room was the &quot;olympic size&quot; shower! It was so huge it seemed you could run laps within it...My husband used the fitness room and said it was excellent.We did not use the restaurant in the hotel as prices seemed too high. We ate downtown for most meals with the exception of one evening when we went to Bennigan's across the street from the hotel.	
Oct 2 2007 	Overall a good deal!	I stayed in this hotel during the last weekend of September. It is really close to Ohare airport. So that is a big positive. Overall, the hotel itself is very clean and looks to be in excellent condition. There is a Starbucks in the lobby area. The rooms and bathrooms were very nice (suite setup). The 24 hour gym is very well kept and easily accessible. Parking is steep at $20 a night. It is a garage that is right next to the hotel but it seems like a bit of a scam to be that expensive. I arrived on a Friday night and the receptionist at the front counter that I checked in with was very rude and seemed like she was flustered or perhaps working too many hours. This was my first encounter at the hotel and this certainly did not paint a good picture in my mind. However, after speaking with the hotel manager that was on for the night, I was very satisfied. The manager apologized for that employee's behavior and waived the parking fees for the weekend. I think that the specific girl at the front counter was an employee that was either having a bad day or just had a bad attitude in general. Either way, every other employee that I encountered was extremely nice and helpful.I did not use room service or the in house restaurant /bar...so I'm unable to comment about that. I unfortunately had the bad experience with the receptionist but I think that was truly an isolated incident. Parking rates are a bit steep considering the fact that this is not anywhere near downtown. In summary, the hotel itself is very nice...probably rate it around 3.5 out of 5.	
Sep 30 2007 	Great Choice-- could change a few things...	We stayed at the Renaissance O'Hare Suites for 2 nights. Our family of 4 (parents and 2 teens) enjoy the extra room offerred by &quot;suite&quot;hotels. The suite is one room, w/ 2 queens and a sofa bed. A low set of drawers w/ a tv on top is the divider between the two areas. (Other suite hotels we have stayed in have offerred 2 separate areas, w/ 2 tv's). The hotel still feels fresh and new and was very clean. The bathroom was large, but the vanity area is inside the bathroom (1 sink) across from an over-sized glass shower (no privacy at all). I expect that most families that stay in one room are like ours, in that it helps to be able to have 2 people getting ready at the same time at a separate vanity and sink area, or at least to having a shower curtain!! Having a room that sleeps 5 with a glass shower was really silly, in my opinion. The sofabed linens were not in the room, but blankets were quickly delivered w/ one call. They have a business area on the 2nd floor where I printed our boarding passes, and that was very helpful. The restaurants were very expensive and we were very tired so we ordered take-out from Bennigans (across the parking lot) and walked over and brought it back. Staff was helpful with directions and was very courteous. We used the airport shuttle at 5am, and appreciated this amenity.The location is about one block from Blue Line and that was incredibly convenient. We would choose this hotel again if we needed an airport location.	
Sep 28 2007	Good hotel for business	I stayed here and attended a training session held for work at this hotel. The rooms were great - very large and with good amenities for working (separate desk and chair, etc.). The front desk staff were a bit indifferent. Seemed very interested in talking with each other rather than paying attention to the task at hand.	
Sep 11 2007 	Lovely indeed	I stayed here with a group of friends for my 24th birthday. We were able to get our rooms right next door to each other and were even upgraded to executive suites. The rooms are clean and comfortable and quite spacious! It is conveniently located next to the blue line for easy transportation back to center city. The front desk was SO helpful with directions especially for all of us who weren't familiar with the Chicago area.	
Sep 4 2007 	They don't quite get it yet at the Renaissance	With all the Hawkeye &amp; Cub fans in town for Labor Day games, rooms in the Loop were hard to find for the weekend of our daughter’s college move-in. So we went out to Rosement, just a few minutes up I90 from downtown. My hubby checked in Friday, while I arrived on Saturday at 4Pm. It's a good thing we had another room because the second room was not ready until well after 6PM. This is my pet peeve -- waiting for my room! And from a Marriott? Shame shame.To the defense of the reception staff, they were embarrassed. I just told them to relax because I was going to dinner and would use the other room for now. And they did try to get the two rooms near one another -- just around the corner.The hotel is large and well-placed off the interstate, only blocks from the &quot;L.&quot; It's not far from a great forest preserve that we used for our morning walk/run. We came back for breakfast -- not include -- and very expensive for what you get on the buffet.The staff was very pleasant this morning, with a quick &quot;good morning&quot; and &quot;have a good day.&quot; And there wasn't anything really bad but I just didn't get a good feeling about the hotel. Our second room smelled soooo bad. The blinds were hanging off. Our shower head was a hair away from exploding. Still, the room was clean. The baths were marble. The price was right ($119). What was my problem? Perhaps it was the design. I am not really into that European orange and beige. The living room was small as was the bedroom. But that's not usually enough for me to complain on my Trip Advisor Forum. Now that I think about it, I think it was just the little things. It felt like cheap luxury... upscale wanna be. I don't think I would stay here again, but for a family looking for value, it worked. Just don’t sweat the small stuff.	
Aug 25 2007 	Great Hotel	This was our first visit to Chicago, so we didn't know what to expect. We wanted a hotel which matched our needs, and we found it. The Renaissance was a comfortable hotel, had a free shuttle from the airport and the breakfast (using the &quot;Stay for Breakfast&quot; rate) made a great start to the day. We didn't want a car in the city, and we didn't need one....the Blue Line train was a short walk away from the hotel and although admittedly it did take a long time to reach downtown Chicago, apparently they are working towards fixing this. We were here for 3 days, a 3 day train ticket cost us $12 each....great value!! In a city like Chicago, all hotels are going to be expensive, so we chose to stay close to O'Hare, where the rates are cheaper and we think we had great value for money. There didn't seem a lot to do in the immediate area, but the hotel served meals (which we didn't try, except for the breakfast) and if you are using the hotel as an overnight before a flight or a base to explore the city the lack of surrounding restaurants or entertainment wouldn't be a problem. Ok, so it's not in the heart of the city, but what it lacks in central location it certainly makes up for in comfort, cleanliness and accessibility. The reception staff are excellent too...on arrival we asked the best way to get to the White Sox stadium, and almost before we had closed our door, the same receptionist was at the door with a computer printout. We wouldn't hesitate to stay here again, or recommend this hotel to our friends.	
Aug 13 2007 	The shuttle to the aiport was great.	My husband and I did the park and fly and it was great. The shuttle ran on time and when we returned we called and they came with in 15 minutes. We were in the international terminal. The room was great and it had a couch too. The shower was very big. Our car was parked in a covered garage. We will use it the next time we fly.	
Aug 7 2007 	Great airport hotel	We used Parksleepfly.com to book this hotel. A great deal. A wonderful, large and clean room for a great price. $140 for 5 days of parking, free airport shuttle and hotel for one night. The staff was very friendly and informative. The hotel is a very short walk to an &quot;L&quot; stop with easy access into the city. The shuttle employees were very nice and even made a special stop for us to get drinks and snacks at a little store down the street!	
Aug 5 2007 	Go someplace else	If you use Trip Advisor much, you may know how many reviews I write. I travel significantly for business and write a review after almost every stay. I stayed at this hotel with my family (5 rooms total) and this, by far, was my worst experience all year. Here is the text of an e-mail I wrote to their business sales manager and director of operations. It sums up my experience.Molly – You have a tough job. I booked 5 rooms for a family get together this past weekend at your property and we don’t plan on ever coming back. While you’re e-mail is addressed to my father-in-law because he came in on Thursday, I’m the GOLD Marriott member. I’ll be platinum later this year, I’m platinum with Holiday Inn, and Silver with Hilton. I can tell you for a FACT, your hotel is the WORST property I’ve stayed at all year. On Saturday, I spoke with the manager twice about all of the hotel problems and nothing of substance was done. The manager even told me he’d have the Front Desk Manager contact me when they came in because they had more seniority. No contact was ever made.If you care to improve your property, here’s some pointers.1)Train the front desk to acknowledge the reward members. All the survey’s I get from Marriott ask this question, your hotel didn’t say a word.2)I had two rooms in my name and you placed us on the 4th and 12th floors. I thought maybe the property was so booked that’s all that was left but my brother-in-law checked in after I did and was placed on the 12th floor. He had the same room type as our room on the 4th.3)When my teenage son was making his bed up he found only a blanket in the “extra” bedding packet. A call to your service line resolved it but we never should have needed to make the call. We’ve stayed in numerous properties where he’s used the extra bedding and this is the first time sheets were missing.4)Whoever decided “cool” and “warm” are good choices for HVAC obviously never stays in a hotel. Not having a digital HVAC system is a disgrace!5)I did not have a morning paper.6)You charge for the internet, another disgrace. Charging for the internet is similar to the “energy” charges hotels tried several years ago. This may look like a money maker now, but travelers remember when properties take advantage of them via fees. This is an unjustified fee and will come back to haunt you in the long run.7)Our room had a wet spot on the floor between the beds when we checked in. 8)Saturday morning there were no towels for the pool. I had to wait more than 20 minutes after asking the front desk.9)The hot tub in your pool area didn’t work.10)After returning to our room from the pool Saturday morning, we found over a half dozen insects of some sort on the walls and ceiling of our room. The on duty manager captured them in a cup for your maintenance staff.11)When we started to shower up on Saturday morning the tub handle fell off. I showed this to your manager on duty and maintenance staff when they were removing the bugs from our room and they promised to fix it. A simple screw is all that was needed. The job was never completed.The manager on duty suggested I e-mail john Harper with my concerns, which I’ve done because this property is an embarrassment to the Marriott name. However, your staff, through their inattention to my issued, has created a significant amount of ill will. When I check into a Marriott property, I have a set of expectations. Those expectations are based on my pervious experiences at Marriott properties. All that I can conclude from my experience is that Mr. Harper doesn’t’ know how to manage a hotel or you have serious staffing issues. Either way something needs to change if you plan on succeeding. Many people will try your hotel because of its proximity to the airport, Marriott name, etc. Anyone who has the experience our group does will never come back.	
Jul 20 2007	Loved it	Great hotel. Excellent locations not that far from Rosemont theater, Donald E. Steven conventation center, O'hare or Chicago Downtown.Execllent service..	
Jul 11 2007 	Great room	I stayed one night at the Renaissance Chicago O'Hare Suites, June 23, 2007.I took the free shuttle from the O’Hare airport, and I was waiting 20 min before the shuttle showed up to take me to the Renaissance Chicago O'Hare Suites. When I was going back to the airport the shuttle was in time and it worked very well. I stayed in a standard room with a king bed. It was clean, fresh, had a safe, it was large enough for me, the bed was very comfortable, the bathroom was very big, and it was good water pressure in the shower. It was very quiet and I could not here much from other guests at the hotel. The air condition was quiet and worked very well. The room had two TV’s with enough channels, and it had a nice sofa as well.On the premises it was a good restaurant and a nice pub. The lobby was large and you could have a seat there and relax. The staff was very nice and the four elevators were fast and efficient. I asked for a late check out and it was no problem. The only small complaint I have is that the internet access at the business center was rather expensive. I was very pleased with my stay at Renaissance Chicago O'Hare Suites, and I would not mind staying here again.	
Jun 19 2007	Great hotel	We stayed at the Renaissance for three nights and took the El downtown daily. We were able to get a room through Priceline for $60 a night plus $20 a night for parking. Even considering that we were 50 minutes away from the downtown loop, it was well worth it to stay here, especially at the great per-night price we had.The El was just minutes from the hotel and the El and the buses are SO easy to use in Chicago. We bought the three day pass for $12 per person and used the heck out of it. We never waited more than 7 minutes for transportation and usually it was way less that that.Our room on the 9th floor looked exactly like the 'candid photos' that other reviewers have posted. We loved the spacious, new bathroom and the comfortable beds. Having a suite was a big plus, too. There was ample drawer and closet space (two closets.)The ONLY thing that we didn't like was the decorating and that may just be our personal preference. The living room section was very 'impersonal and cold' in our opinion. As another reviewer mentioned, it looked a bit like an office waiting room. The bedroom didn't feel quite so 'cold.'We would definitely stay at the Renaissance again, especially if the price differential was sizeable between a hotel downtown and the Renaissance, since the commute wasn't bad at all.We didn't hear airplanes, even though they were taking-off directly over the hotel. DIdn't hear the highway or the El trains, either. We didn't hear anything!	
May 30 2007 	wonderful experience	stayed during Memorial Day and would agree with other past positive reviews. Positives - staff was great, nice new rooms, wonderful beds (only doubles and not queens available), 2 tvs, sofa bed, nice bath, great pool/sauna/whirlpool in basement, &lt;5 min walk to El, which is ~50min to loop. neat mint shampoo. Negs - lots of kids that weekend who took over pool (may have been isolated incident), parking is 20$, fridge not very cool. would definitely stay again.	
May 30 2007 	Expected better a little too office-like! LONG review!	Recently stayed in this hotel for 3 nights over Memorial Day. The hotel is 16 stories and is located next to I-90, the El train, and about 1 mile from O'Hare-directly in the flight path depending on wind.When I arrived, I was greeted by the nice staff at the front desk and given a room on the Club Floor, Room 1625. Upon entering, you are in the living area of the room. There was an arm chair, 2 little square tables, a sofa (sofa bed), desk, chair, TV and a mini-armoire that contained a little refrigerator and an in-room safe. The Club Lounge would be closed for the weekend, so I was given coupons for a free &quot;full service&quot; breakfast. This room faced west toward O'Hare. Something bugged me about the living room, but it took a while to figure it out. The bedroom featured a king-sized bed, another TV and a closet containing an iron/board , clothes steamer/refresher and a robe. The bathroom was fairly large, with a stall shower (no tub) that was at least 3.5 feet x 5.5 feet, with a hand-held shower. The problems with the shower are that 1) the door opens out so the water gets all over the floor. 2) there is no handle on the inside of the door 3) no place to sit to shave your legs ladies! and 4) it is kind of dark! Plus, unless you are about a size 6, the robe won't fit! And, as the day went on, I noticed several other things wrong with the room. Honestly, I had higher expectations of the Renaissance, based partly on the other reviews here, and I was let down.The carpet had 3 very large stains on it just inside the door. The door itself was difficult to open and close. In the corner of the shower, there was a lot of mold on the grout between the tiles near the floor. Water pressure was minimal water pressure at best, the toilet seat was very loose and the A/C smelled of mildew all the time. Wound up keeping it off most of the day. There were crumbs on the floor between the tables and the furniture was really beaten up. The table was cracking and the desk had big gouges on it, and on the legs. For a Club Level room,. the place was really not up to Marriott standards. At this point, I finally realized what I disliked about the living area. The way it was set up made me feel like I was sitting in someone's office! Hard to explain, but I was really not comfortable.The bed, part of Marriott's new bedding package, was fairly comfortable, but neither the feather bed on top of the mattress nor the comforter were very fluffy and full. These both need to be washed and fluffed. Honestly, I have had regular blankets that are thicker. Yes, it is getting warm out, but I like to have a cold room and then a nice, fluffy down quilt!I gave the front desk the list of problems with the room. I really hate moving rooms, but the gal insisted that I go eat breakfast and stop back for a new room. Breakfast was another story. The coupon said &quot;full service&quot; meaning I should be able to order off the menu. Well, I was told I had to get the buffet. It wasn't bad. Actually, my omelet was cooked in real, melted butter and it was very good. But, my server did not ask me if I wanted toast or an English muffin (there was no toaster as is standard for Marriotts), nor did he get me Orange juice. I did get a little shot of strawberry smoothie which was good.The buffet had eggs, bacon (cold and soggy), sausage, fruit, cereals, oatmeal and cream of wheat, breakfast potatoes (with peppers and onions of course-yuck) and some muffins and coffee cake. The coffee cakes really looked to be of the Entenmann's or Sara Lee variety like you get in a grocery store. Why? They had those tell-tale aluminum foil cake pan marks on the side. Eh. The chef was very nice, the server was just OK.Returned to the desk and was moved to room 1630 which is one of the corner suites. Looks just like the photos on the Marriott website except there are no drapes, just 2 types of shades-a sheer and a black-out shade. The sheer shade in the bedroom would not go up! This room was very large. The living area was the size of a large hotel room itself! Closet, TV, dining-room table with 6 chairs, a stereo and lots of speakers (I guess you could use it for some sort of surround sound but I am not so inclined), desk, couch and arm chair. It’s funny though, there is no lamp close to the sofa for reading! There is a big, ceiling lamp over the dining table, and a desk lamp but nothing close enough to sit and read at night. Hmm. At the risk of sounding mean, Marriott needs some women designing their hotels. Or at least people with common sense who actually USE their hotels!The bedroom had a king bed, TV, another closet and some drawers. The alarm clock even has directions! The bathroom here had an actual tub, with the hand held shower. And, on the inside of one of the doors, a lovely dirty kids' handprint! Great! This is supposed to be an even better room and the housekeeper doesn't check the inside of the doors! Details people!!! The robe in this room was thick, fluffy and of a size that would fit most normal-sized humans! At least this room didn't have that mildew smell from the A/C. The view was nice. You can see the Chicago skyline in the distance. And, you get to see the highway and the El! The hotel is very noisy. Not so much from other guests, but the trains, cars and planes can get on your nerves. I can live with airplane noise, but if you are a light sleeper, ear plugs are a MUST!The &quot;wired for business&quot; package for internet and local and long distance (domestic) calls is $9.95 per day which isn't bad. Parking is $20 per day. Food prices were a bit high for dinner. Some of the drink prices in the bar were reasonable. They had some featured drinks that were $7.00 and considering the amount and types of liquor in them, this was a reasonable price. (One had Patron tequila for which another Marriott charged $10 a shot! This stuff is super expensive!!)There is a Bennigans across the parking lot and the hotel is a very short walk to the Blue Line trains. (Cumberland station). You can purchase visitor's passes at the Cumberland station. They are in a different machine than the regular train/bus tickets. For $5, you can get unlimited rides on the El, CTA and PACE buses. Also, you can get either a 2, 3 or 7 day pass for $9, $12, and $20 respectively. These passes are a great deal considering it is $4 round trip to Chicago. And, if you ride the bus a couple times in a day, your pass will more than pay for itself. You can also get these passes at O'Hare, Union Station and a couple other places. The hotel does have a free shuttle to the airport. Never had to wait longer than about 10 minutes. Overall, the hotel staff was very nice, and it is a lovely property. However, it needs to be cleaner with respect to both rooms and public areas. For instance, there was &quot;stuff&quot; on the rug outside the elevator on the 16th floor for over 48 hours. This should have been vacuumed up! Breakfast on subsequent days was better; although it took until the final day for the server to ask if I wanted toast! I met the restaurant manager and spoke with him at length about my issues. He actually gave me a coupon for a complimentary appetizer in the bar since the Club Lounge was closed. I had steak quesadillas that were very good. The bar was empty, save for one other couple. Service was friendly but less than attentive. Wound up leaving due to the foul language being used by both the woman and man sitting down the bar. I will skip the lecture about not using filthy language in public. Please, show some class! There was a billing error at checkout. I was charged for too many nights (I had a coupon for a free night) and I was charged for internet service for two days, which was only used once. The person at the desk seemed a bit annoyed that she had to fix it for me. Perhaps it was just too early? I would say that 98% of the staff was wonderful. There are just a couple people who need some extra training in customer service.With a good rate, I may consider returning, but there are other hotels that I think are in better shape than this Renaissance. This is supposed to be a more upscale brand than a regular, full service Marriott. In my opinion, the rooms are a little too “cold” and stark. I guess this is the new trend, but it makes this place seem too much like an “office&quot; and less like a hotel. Yes, it is geared to business travelers, but there is a fine line between office, and a hotel room with space to work. To me this place is an office that happens to have a bed. It wasn’t horrible, just not the best. Again, this is just my opinion. Different strokes for different folks. Most people love it, I didn’t.	
May 8 2007 	Great room Cheerful people!	I just stayed at the Renaissance O'Hare last weekend, and it was a great experience, overall.Everyone I spoke to at the hotel was courteous and friendly. There were some issues (discussed below), but none of them illicited any bad behavior from the hotel staff.I flew in at 6am, and they had a room waiting for me! The suite was spacious, with a huge shower, 2 TVs, and a great view from the 5th floor. I had the corner room that was close to the elevators and right across from the vending machines, but that didn't bother me. In fact, I loved the location! I never heard much noise from the hallway or outside. The bed was comfy and I slept well.The train station into the city is a very short walk away (just across the parking lot), which was perfect! There is also a Starbucks in the lobby for that morning coffee fix.I ordered room service for breakfast on my last morning, and the food was quite good. Also, the shuttle service to the airport was a great perk.Here are my only complaints (which is why I couldn't give it a perfect rating):-When I arrived at the shuttle pickup area, I called the hotel and was told I'd just missed the 6am shuttle, but one would be arriving in 15 mins. Their shuttle is supposed to pick up every 20 mins., starting at 6am. Well, 15 mins. passed and there was no shuttle. I also found out another person who was standing at the same door had also been waiting for the shuttle...since before 6am. I called the hotel again, and was told the shuttle had come by twice already, but we'd never seen it. Finally, at 6:40, the shuttle arrived. So, don't count on this service to be on-time.-I left my hotel room at 10am and was gone until 10pm. Of course, I expected maid service to come by in my absence. When I got back, I found the room exactly as I'd left it! When I complained about this to the front desk on my way out, the receptionist told me that I have to call and request maid service because sometimes they don't clean the rooms! I've been in much cheaper hotels that had maid service every day.	
Apr 15 2007 	What a great hotel!	My mother, son, and I stayed at this hotel for a weekend getaway. What a really wonderful hotel! Our suite was very nice, and I loved the bathroom. There is no tub, however, which was a disappointment for my mother. The shower is huge though, and there's plenty of space in the bathroom. The bed was quite comfortable, and had 7 pillows on it. There was a television in both rooms, which was handy. We booked the breakfast package, which I highly recommend. The buffet breakfast in the restaurant, &quot;Fresh&quot;, was delicious. Along with fruit, breads, meats, and cereal, there was a made to order breakfast station where a chef would make you an omelet, pancake, waffle, eggs, whatever. Along with the breakfast you get a free strawberry banana smoothie in a shot glass, which was a fun idea. The stay for breakfast package was only an additional $15, so for the 3 of us was a great deal. The hotel also has a great pool area, including a hot tub and sauna in each locker room. The pool itself is huge. On Friday nights they have swim up movies, where they show a movie on one wall of the pool area to watch while swimming. My son loved it, and it really kept him occupied!By far my favorite thing about this hotel, though, was the staff. I have never seen a hotel staff so seriously oriented toward customer service. Everyone we came in contact with was so helpful and cheerful! The front desk people were great, and the restaurant workers were amazing with my son. I would absolutely stay at this hotel again, in a heartbeat. It's a great deal, and not too far from downtown Chicago. It's near a subway station, so no need to worry about driving! No airport noise, in fact no noise of any kind in our room. Great experience!	
Apr 9 2007 	Great weekend away at the Renaissance!	My mom, my son (4 year old) and I stayed here back in July of 2006. I had to write this (even if a little late!) because it was a wonderful weekend! Our room was like a mini suite with the bedroom separate from the living area/ T.V. area. This is especially nice when traveling with a small child! We were able to explore downtown Chicago, come back to the hotel and rest and wake up feeling well-rested! We had the opportunity to use room-service twice over the weekend. I have to say that even though it is expensive to do this, the food was really great and worth it! The beds were comfy and the bathroom was huge! For just over $100 per night I would definitely stay here again!	
Mar 18 2007 	Perfection!	My husband surprised me with a trip to Chicago and we stayed at the Renaissance. What a treat! Amazing room, it was like a mini suite with seperate sleeping area off from the sitting area. It had two tv's (which for me was a big deal), the most comfortable bed ever, prompt service, lovely people, gorgeous bathroom. Really one of the best hotels i've stayed at. We had a rental car but it looks like the metro would be an easy way to get to downtown Chicago. The only thing was we had a bit of a hard time finding the place at first. It's in one of those locations where you can see the hotel, but have to figure out how to get to it. We called the hotel 4 times and they sort of walked us through finding them. Once we were there, it was easy to get to...otherwise - fantastic hotel!!!	
Mar 11 2007 	Great hotel	I was stuck in Chicago overnight when my flight got canceled out from Ohare due to the weather. I got a voucher for a discounted hotel and I only paid $65 for a night stay at this hotel. The hotel was very clean and spacious. The bed was one of the most comfortable beds that I have ever slept on. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. The only problem I encountered when here was that I had to wait a good amount of time for the shuttle to the airport to come. I probably waited 30 minutes or so. Luckily I had planned enough time so I did not miss my flight. I would definitely stay here again. The hotel was also very close to the blue line station to catch the subway into down town.	
Jan 28 2007 	Very comfortable stay	We booked our stay at the Renaissance Hotel Chicago O'Hare through the website www.parksleepfly.com because we were going to Austin and coming back in the evening. I thought that we got a good rate of $107 plus tax for 4 nights parking (which could have been 14 nights for the same rate)and a lovely room. The room was quiet (which I requested), the beds and pillows very comfortable, the room was extremely nicely appointed with a sitting area aside from the bedroom. The check in staff was friendly and competent. The shuttle was reliable, but our timing might have worked with the 20 minute departures and pickups. They had the nicest toiletries I have seen. I have stayed at some very expensive hotels and I would put these accomodations up there with some of the best. The worst thing was just finding the shuttle pick up point at O'Hare which is supposed to be easy to find by the red foot prints. What red footprints? And it was a good walk from our baggage pick up.	
Jan 19 2007	Some good points and some annoyances	I chose the hotel due to its proximity to the office where I would be working during my time in Chicago. Overall, the hotel is clean and the staff were competent at most times. The rooms are clean, spacious and well designed. I noticed some sloppy construction and finishing work in the room.The hotel's restaurant, in which I only had breakfast, served lukewarm coffee on the first morning. It was quickly replaced with hot coffee but the food was so-so. I also found the restaurant to be rather dimly lit and hard to read the newspaper. I recommend the tables near the windows although they were cold and drafty on a cold January morning.The biggest annoyance was the parking lot and the validated tickets that never seemed to work. Several times I tried to use the ticket, only to have to re-park my car and return to the front desk.All in all, a good stay but nothing spectacular. In comparison to other hotels in the area, it is about average.	
Jan 15 2007 	Excelletn hotel! Great Service! Very Clean!	I really enjoyed my stay at the Renaissance. I am the pickiest person I know of when it comes to hotels and I had no complaint with the room or service. The staff was friendly and helpful. I asked for a corner room and got a 2 room suite with a door on the bedroom. The room was very clean and had a nice large bathroom. I booked this hotel for $89 weekend rate on the Marriott website. I visited the business center to print my boarding pass. The business center charges to use the computers except they do have one computer for free that you can use to access only airline websites to print your boarding pass. I found the shuttle to be slow and waited 30 minutes to be picked up at O'hare. After seeing the shuttles for nearly every other hotel near the airport I callied the hotel for the 2nd time and was told that the shuttle leaves the hotel every 20 minutes and was on its way. If I were to go back I would take the train to the Cumberland stop, go across the bridge so that you are on the right side of the road, and then walk 2 minutes to the hotel. I found the room to be quiet even though I could see planes landing and lots of traffic on the highway down below. My room was on the 8th floor. Overall I thought this was a great hotel and it is obviously fairly new and well maintained. I didn't eat at the restaurants except for corffee in the morning from the Starbucks in the lobbby.	
Jan 2 2007 	Good....not spectacular	My family and I stayed here from Dec. 28-Jan 1. Here is a quick take on the pro's and con's:Pro's:1. Spacious room and well appointed; we had a bedroom with a seperate sitting area.2. Large shower3. Courteous staff4. Starbucks in the lobby area5. Nice bar area to have a drinkCons:1. NOISE from the trains on the El was awful....We were on the 12th floor facing the train station and could hear every train going by during the late night and early morning. Ask for a room where the noise is not as bad. (my guess is lower is better, too...)2. Matresses were OK....nothing to write home about.3. Housekeeping did not replenish shampoo, etc. each day. Minor, but annoying. 4. Three seperate times we were denied exit at the parking garage (automatic ticket scanner) and had to go to the front desk to rectify the situation. After the third try, I had them credit all parking fees ($20/day) and parked in the lot across the street. I suggest doing the same as long as it is a weekend. During the week you must park in the garage or risk being towed...We did not eat in the restaurant.	
Jan 2 2007 	Hot and cold	Stayed a couple nights here while stranded from cancelled flights. Here's the hot and the cold:The Hot:1. Excellent value - paid only $69/night with the airport coupons. 2. Reliable shuttles - There were a bunch of us out there at  5:30AM, but the shuttle was there and we all got on.3. Room service - Fast and tasty, some of the best room service food I've ever had. Great veal ravioli.4. Roomy - These are all suites and it was nice to have the extra room.5. Huge bathroom - Shower was twice the size of a typical  shower. No tub.6. Comfortable bed - Important at any airport hotel.7. QUIET - Planes flew overhead, but you hardly heard them.8. 2 TV's - nice for those remote control disputes.9. Staff - Friendly and helpful.10. Mini-Refrigerator The Cold:1. Actually, it was the heat that was the problem. It was warmer than normal for Chicago in December, but the hallways had  to be 80 degrees plus. Rooms weren't much better and  lowering the thermostat to Cold didn't help. Never was fixed. Had to open the windows to cool room down and let the noise in, too.2. TV channels - Very few to choose from.3. Housekeeping - Came at 5:30PM and never replaced  anything in the bathroom except the towels. Had to call for more shampoo.4. Vending - Pepsi machine problems. Machine on our floor  wouldn't take bills. Tried the next floor and out came a Pepsi even hotter than the air temperature.5. Pitiful gift shop - Not really a gift shop at all and they don't call it one. Just a couple coolers next to the front desk with drinks and sandwiches. Also, a few snacks and toiletries.6. Nothing close by - In an office park area with no restaurants nearby except a Bennigan's, but even that isn't very close.7. Starbucks closes early evening.The good outweighs the bad here and it would have been much better without the heat situaton. It was certainly a good value and I'd stay again if we got a similar deal.	
Jan 1 2007	When do I get my rooms?	Booked a one night stay directly with the hotel for connecting rooms. They said only 2 queen rooms connect so I booked two connecting queen rooms. When I arrived, I was informed my rooms were not connecting, as no 2 queen rooms connect! They got me a king and 2 queen room connecting over the river but... I didn't get the second room until 4:30! Hey, check in is 3:00! Very nice rooms, very nice hotel. But, late check in pretty much ruined my stay. Man, who do I have to call to make sure my reservation is going to be honored if not the hotel directly? When I complained, I got a whopping $25.00 off one room! If your time is only worth $25.00 for one and a half hours then this is your hotel. Sorry, I can't recommend .	
Dec 31 2006 	Fun Time in the Windy City	My family and I stayed here the week before Thanksgiving and it was wonderful. The room was nice and spacious. Very clean as well. The beds were actually very comfortable for hotel beds. Swimming pool and hot tub area was very well kept. We had a massage there the first night and it was great. Nice professional masseuses working. The main restaurant was very nice. The dinner menu was a little small, not much to choose from. I can tell you that the lobster bisque was delicious. The breakfast buffet had a nice selection with gourmet style eggs, bacon and sausage, and a nice fruit spread. Price was a little high for the breakfast buffet at $20 per person. The Starbucks in the main lobby didn't open until 6 a.m. which was kind of a bummer. I was ready for my coffee at 5 a.m. Beautifully decorated for Christmas with several trees and a gorgeous winter scene. I would definetly stay at this hotel again.	
Dec 24 2006 	Good beds + showers + frigs; room/suite design varies; weekend deals possible	December weekend rate was especially good for Marriott rewards member, $89 plus tax. 2nd stay for us; bed just as comfortable and large tiled/glassed-in shower well equipped still had good water pressure. Refrigerator a welcome feature. Possible to walk through hotel and adjacent business complex to the &quot;El&quot; that runs between O'Hare and Chicago's downtown.Friday often quieter than Saturday, there can be weekend wedding receptions with more partying people gathering. As for location, despite nearby expressway and airport, noise is not bothersome.On our first stay, the two-part room (living area and bedroom) was divided by a wall, and there were TVs in both areas. Made sleeping area more cozy and private. This stay, our (different) room had no wall and only one TV that swiveled and could be viewed from either side -- open area did not work as well as the wall and separate TVs.In-hotel Starbucks handy, had good service in bar and restaurant. Restaurant pricey for dinner but offset by better-than-expected meal quality.There is a covered parking garage, great if Chicago weather turns bad, but beware, it too can be an expensive add-on to your bill.	
Nov 18 2006 	Excellent hotel near ORD	I had an evening arrival to ORD followed by an early business meeting 15 miles north and picked Renaissance for the first time (usually stay at ORD Hilton). Very happy with the hotel, excellent stay. Check-in staff was friendly and fast, lobby and common areas were bright and very clean. Room was nicely appointed, clean and spacious, larger than airport Hilton rooms, plus quiet despite being directly on the arrival flight path. Comfortable beds and very nice bathroom with large walk-in shower as well. View can't compete with Hilton's runway views for airplane nuts, but that doesn't really matter.Didn't try their restaurants for dinner or breakfast, but the Starbucks in the lobby is a plus for those O-Dark-Thirty checkouts.No obvious negatives at all from business traveler's perspective. Will stay here again.	
Sep 29 2006 	Loved everything!	Stayed 9/20-9/25 for both business and pleasure. LOVED the location. The room was large and comfortable and it was one of the quietest hotels I have ever stayed in. I really can't say enough about this hotel. We would definitely recommend it.	
Sep 19 2006	Would Stay Again	Stayed at the Renaissance Chicago O'Hare for a work related reason on 9/15/06-9/16/06. The hotel is located close to O'Hare airport and has a complimentary shuttle 3x/hour. My room was clean and quiet. As I arrived late in the evening, we all went next doors to Beningens's for a late dinner, which was excellent. There is a good variety of beers on tap.The Renaissance Chicago O'Hare is right next to the Cumberland station on the Blue Line of the CTA (Chicago Transit Authority) so that it took only about 35 minutes or so to go to downtown Chicago (the Loop). It only takes a few mintues to walk from the hotel to the Cumberland Statin. The fare is only$2 one way. I would definitely recommend the Renaissance Chicago O'Hare for travelers coming to Chicago for business or other purposes.	
Aug 4 2006	Very nice hotel good service clean and spacious rooms	I stayed at this hotel for a work conference held in Chicago. A major plus is that they offer FREE shuttle service to/from the airport, which is very close. The hotel decor was very nice and the rooms were very clean, nice, and spacious. There is an &quot;L&quot; stop for the blue line that will take you downtown or to the airport. Some friends visited me at the hotel, and we ate at the restaurant downstairs. The food and service were pretty good. I ordered room service a couple of times. The only complaint I have about this place was that no one picked up my breakfast order the night before, so I didn't receive breakfast the next morning as I was expecting. I was not compensated for that mishap. They did apologize. I did forget my toothbrush/toothpaste, and the front desk staff kindly gave me a couple. The hotel will call cab service for you. Just be sure that you ask ahead of time approximately what the charge will be and if it will be metered. I had a problem with one of the drivers from the company they called getting upset that the previous woman had charged much less and he had no meter and wanted to charge $10 more. Overall, I had a nice quiet stay.	
Jul 18 2006	No complaints except the breakfast	An excellent hotel to which I would gladly return. I found the bed to be especially comfortable and, contrary to the experience of some other reviewers, my room was very quiet. Maybe it depends on location. I was on an upper floor well away from the highway and facing away from the airport. My room overlooked a huge parking lot for commuters and office workers, but I couldn't hear any noise from that, despite my staying there a Thursday night. My only complaint was the breakast - the food and service were very mediocre.	
Jul 9 2006	Great Pool Weekend!	My wife and I stayed here for two nights July 7/8 with our 3 1/2 year-old for a swim weekend. Overall, we had a really great time with a few minor hiccups. The front desk staff is a bit hit or miss. We had some really friendly, knowledgeable GSA's and a couple who need a little career counseling. Our suite was immaculate as was the rest of the hotel. The hallways, grounds and public spaces were all clean and very well cared-for. The bell staff and housekeepers were all friendly and professional. The pool was clean and the upbeat music was a nice touch. Towel availability for the pool was hit or miss, but there's a phone right there to call with when they run out. The room was large enough, but is not a true two-room suite. The two &quot;rooms&quot; are actually one room with a low dresser as a divider. The single television would have been as issue had we spent more time in the room; and was sort of an issue in trying to watch TV while getting Mr. &quot;I'm too excited&quot; to sleep! There was no refrigerator, but the ice machine was near the elevator lobby. Little things like the bathroom light switch being installed upside down and the bedroom blinds that were broken are simple fixes that housekeepers could/should report. None of those things will keep us from going back. The pool was great, the fitness center was nice (and open 24 hours) and the hot tub was hot. Overall, a really good deal at an above average O'Hare area hotel.	
Jul 3 2006	Wonderful Hotel with First Class Service	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for one evening prior to our departure from O'Hare to Jamaica. We also stayed one night upon our return home. The hotel is lovely. The suites are spacious, clean with modern amenities including a fully glassed-in tile shower. The Chicago skyline was clearly viewed from both of our rooms. The entire hotel is comprised of modern, art deco decor. &quot;Fresh&quot;, the on-site restaurant was also quite good. We appreciated the on-site Starbucks as well.The best feature of this hotel is the covered, secured parking garage. I researched park and fly rates prior to calling the 800# reservation line. I found an on-line rate of $129 with free parking up to 14 days. When I called the reservation #, I was quoted $209! The reservation center promptly honored the internet rate. Be sure to do your homework first and ask for the lowest rate you've found. The night of our return was $109- also very decent for this great hotel. Finally, the morning that we left, we were struggling to handle our luggage and two cups of coffee. A very polite man approached us and assisted us to our car. He was sincerely friendly and interested in feedback on our stay. He later introduced himself as the general manager of the hotel. We were very impressed and appreciative of his kindness and assistance.We highly recommend this hotel, especially the park and fly option.	
Jun 25 2006	Renaissance improving -- excellent food overall acceptable	Hotel stay: Friday June 23rd thru Sunday June 25th.I visited this hotel in April 2004 for the Chicago Hair Show. Overall the experience was somewhat improved (better food and alcohol). I am writing this review in hopes of improved overall experience on our next visit. Positive changes1.Food from the Mediterranean Café restaurant was exceptional; the regular coffee was smooth and tasty, the breakfast buffet (complimentary with ‘club floor’ suite) was excellent; the chefs prepared ‘on-the-fly’ omelets that were fresh and delicious. The bacon was of the highest quality and danish was tasty and not too sweet. A mushroom burger ordered via room service was well prepared, delivered promptly and very tasty. 2.16th floor suite was clean, bed was very comfortable, environmental controls worked well.3.Hotel elevators are plentiful (4) and move quickly between floors; 4.Hotel staff was polite and accommodating; perhaps the concierge was a bit naive regarding travel in the area. 5.Wireless broadband access in the lobby was a welcome perk.Criticsms1.Ice maker on 16th floor never had ice (probably broken)2.Vertical tile directly across from the shower door unattached to wall – the grout was broken.3.Minor communication errors: for example-- 2 double beds requested but one king delivered; room-service hamburger missing bacon, luxury car delivered from front desk instead of a standard ‘low-end’ cab, staff explained that breakfast and other free services were available in the ‘club room’ but the room was never opened.4.In-room safe couldn’t be opened Saturday night; due to busy front-desk and (presumably) staff unavailability the problem wasn’t resolved for an hour.5.After previewing a pay-per-view movie and accidentally hit ‘buy’ I was unable to ‘cancel’ the transaction because there was no cancel button on the remote.6.Prefer vertical wall separating suite living room area from bedroom.7.Grateful that the parking garage credit-card reader not working; no additional charges for parking! Recommend some kind of $20-$30 parking pass for guests and $5 for others.	
Jun 1 2006 	Comfortable place	My husband, a friend and myself stayed at this place about a month ago during a long layover from the airport. Shuttle was efficient and direct to front door. We had made reservations through Priceline so we got a reasonable price (about $65) for a suite. The room(s) are beautiful and our friend Kate even said that the pull-out bed in the couch was just fine. The bathrooms are immaculate and so posh! The usual shampoo and conditioner were replaced by &quot;natural&quot; type amenities that were fantastic. If we hadn't been so tired, and on our way to being sick, it would have been really nice to enjoy all the hotel had to offer. We did not hear traffic at all while we were there, by the way. Very quiet, and two televisons -- one in the bedroom and another in the work-area/living room. Would certainly stay here again if I could get the same price. I took photos, but they're about the same as all the others on here! Beautiful!	
May 24 2006	Loved the Place	Stayed at the Renaissance Chicago O'Hare in May, 2006 and I can't say enough great things about the place. Rooms: Very large, well appointed rooms including a great work area. The TV swivels so you can view the TV from either the bed or work/couch area. Beds are very comfortable with lots of pillows and nice linens. Very, very quiet. I am not sure how they pull it off, but we did not hear a sound from either rooms next door or busy expressway nearby. Bathroom is large with granite countertops and glass walk in shower. Everything was extrmely clean and well maintained. It felt new.Location: About two miles from O'hare. Shuttle runs every 20 minutes from the airport bus terminal. About one block walk to the Cumberland EL station. We took the train downtown each day (takes about 20 minutes) Very inexpensive and fun. I enjoyed zipping along the tracks while traffic in both directions was sitting still on the &quot;expressway&quot;staff: Extremely nice and helpful. Even offered to take us over to our favorite hot dog stand a few miles away (Jean and Judes).Work out facility: They have a fully equipped, large work-out room that rivals any health club. Stairmasters, treadmills, free weights and machines. Fairly large Indoor pool and separate dry sauna for men and women. All well maintained and not crowded.Given that we only paid about $150 (including taxes) I was not expecting such a plush experience. Highly recommended. I only wish we could have spent more time at the hotel.	
May 18 2006	Great Rooms Value Service Needs to Improve	This was my third stay at the O'Hare Renaissance. I stayed four nights this time. This is an all suite hotel and the rooms are just beautiful. The bathrooms have glass shower stall and marble vanity. There is a large working desk and small living area. There is a laptop safe and a TV in the living area and the bedroom. The rooms are very quiet even with the Kennedy Expressway outside and jets flying overhead all day and night. I did not have any trouble with noise. The Concierge Lounge is nice, too. This hotel is only steps away from the Cumberland stop on the Blue Line &quot;El&quot; so if you want to save money you can stay here and take the train into downtown for sightseeing, meals, etc. The staff at this hotel have not learned what excellent service is. I didn't have any problems, but many employees I spoke to just didn't seem very interested, looked at you with blank faces, and used language one would use with friends rather than a customer at a nice hotel. They need training. This would not deter me from staying here, however, as overall it's a great value. I would expect only adequate, but not great service.	
May 16 2006 	opinion of solo woman traveller	I was on a United flight that was cancelled in December of 2005, so United gave me a number to call and I got a room for around $60. Well I have stayed at many hotels around the world and I couldnt have asked for more from an airport hotel. The hotel itself is clean and nicely decorated. The elevators were quite large and adequitly fast.. The staff I dealt with were pleasant and professional. The room was spacious although I was alone it looked like it could have easily accomoodated a couple or small family. The room was very clean which is good as Im a bit of a neat freak and tend to notice these things when it comes to hotels. Nicely scneted bath products and my favourite kind of shower stall with flexible shower head. Great bed, very comfortable and I slept like a queen with my seven pillows.Room service. As it was late when I arrived and I was tired from travelling I, instead of going to the onsite restaurant, ordered rooms service. A club house sandwich that cost around $10 and came with fries and condiments. The food arrived quickly and was pretty darn good for a clubhouse.I only have two trivial complaints but these are the kinds of things I have noticed at many hotels in the US and Canada so this hotel is not an exception. First one bedside lamp did not work but I didnt need it anyway, and secondly the sitting area curtains didnt work properly and not due to any ignorance of how to work them on my part.Overall if you are a woman travelling alone as I was I think you will like it here, as would anyone who needs a place to stay when their flight is cancelled.	
Apr 6 2006	great suites	beautiful, modern, european looking hotel. The suites are large enough for a family, seperate bedroom and living room, large TV in each room. Each room has privacy. Location is close to O'Hare airport and shuttles run every 15 minutes. I got the room on priceline for half of what it was listed on the website. Highly recommend this hotel.	
Mar 7 2006	spacious and super comfortable	We needed a hotel close to the airport, and after reading wonderful reviews on this one, we decided to stay at the Renaissance. The front desk service was friendly and efficient. Our room was SOOOO great! We have a baby, and needed a little extra room, so our suite was perfect! It actually had a seperate bedroom. The bed was SOOO comforable with soft sheets and lots of pillows. You could access the bathroom through the bedroom, and the living room area. The bathroom was HUGE!! The shower was so luxurious. It's so big, we felt like we were royalty! There was plenty of room for my husband and I both to get ready in there. The living room was great. It had a couch and a couple of chairs with a coffee station,fridge, and another TV.There was a HUGE desk in there as well, that would nicely accomodate business travelers.We ordered the room service. I guess it was pretty typical. The food was served fast, but tasted awful, and was extremely pricey. It was late and we were starving, so it did the job.I will stay there again in a heartbeat!	
Feb 23 2006	Nice Hotel but...	This was a nice airport hotel but I have no reason to choose it again when in the area. This is a newer hotel with really nice rooms however the sound proofing is rather poor considering it's proximity to the Kennedy expressway, L-train, and airport. I could hear every L-train as it passed by the hotel and the air traffic noise got a bit loud at times. In my opinion this was not up to regular Renaissance standards which are usually nicer than the anchor Marriott line. The room was decent sized however failed to include a microwave or a fridge. The bedroom was rather small with very little room at all once the door was closed. For the cost ($89 a night) this was a great hotel but once again not up to Renaissance par. If you can spare the extra $20 stay at the Marriott Suites O'hare up the road which has much larger rooms and much better sound proofing.	
Jan 19 2006	Clean Rooms Good Bar	I travel every week to many different locations. The rooms at this hotel were quite possibly the cleanest I've ever been in. Very modern and comfortable. Good for relaxing or getting some work done. Nice shower. The bar was inviting and so were the ladies. Good times.	
Nov 21 2005	Revive at Renaissance	It is grand from the moment you step off the shuttle bus. Though located so close to the airport, they've spared no expenses on this recently built Marriott hotel.I could see the downtown skyline from my 14th floor window. The room was very tastefully done and spacious. The staff was attentive, except for a little mixup with room service the morning of my departure. There is a blue-line station right next to the hotel, less than a 5 minutes walk, this will connect you to all the &quot;El&quot; lines in the city, and it took about 30-minutes to make it to town.Enjoy your stay!	
Nov 10 2005	Clean Convenient Hotel	Overall liked the Renaissance quite a bit- no reason not to stay there again but also maybe no reason to go running back.The positives: very new hotel, the CLEANEST room I've stayed in in a very long time, friendly helpful front desk, nice concierge lounge with good breakfast, comfortable bed and bedding, easy shuttle to the airportThe negatives: the room I was in wasn't exactly a suite- it was more of an L shaped studio with a swiving tv on a low piece of furniture to divide the room so you didn't really feel like you had a true division of space, and while it's a nice place, it wasn't at all cushy or plush or high quality as my impression of Renaissance hotels normally is. I believe Renaissance is a fairly high end chain in the Marrriott hotel and I definitely didn't feel the furnishings fit that description (as compared to say the Renaissance downtown Chicago). I also don't agree with previous comments about price- I paid $188 for my room which was a AAA discount over the regular rate (over $200). Not a good value for this hotel.Again, the place is very nice, new and CLEAN which all count for a lot. It's also just not anything all that out of the ordinary.	
Nov 9 2005	Great Hotel perfect location	Just got back from a four-day visit to Chicago and loved the hotel we stayed at. The customer service was excellent, the beds were comfortable with many pillows, the rooms were nicely furnished, modern and they had a great desk/work area and roll out sofa. The staff was friendly, the El/Subway was within walking distance as well as restaurants like Bennigans for a late drink/burger. In addition, the shuttle from the airport was easy and quick. Only negatives. Parking was $15 per night and you could hear some traffic/planes in peak periods, but overall a great experience and we would stay there again on our next visit.	
Sep 21 2005 	Great Property Close to the Airport	Stayed at the Renaissance O'Hare during a business trip for one night. The hotel was great. Each room is a mini suite with more than enough room to get work done and also to relax. The hotels location right off of the highway and minutes to O'Hare makes it ideal for doing business in the nearby area and also for catching the early morning flights out of O'Hare.	
Aug 30 2005 	This Renaissance is the One!!		
Aug 13 2005 	excellent staff clean large rooms		
Aug 5 2005	Great stay at the Renaissance O'Hare		
Jul 9 2005	Great Airport Hotel / Bad Shuttle		
Jul 2 2005	Quiet and clean!		
Jun 13 2005 	Good business hotel.		
May 31 2005	Wonderful Stay at the Renaissance!		
May 17 2005 	Great Airport Hotel		
Apr 19 2005	OK for business - not ready for a banquet reception yet		
Mar 11 2005	Great new hotel		
Aug 11 2007 	Schönes Hotel gute verbindung		
