	Review...	Hotel itself was nice. Concierge was great as well as the staff in the bar/restaurant. The staff at the front desk were horrible!!!! We waited 1 1/2 hours passed our check in time and finally I went up there for the third time and they had a room ready for us. Hotel was beautiful, rooms were nothing special, hotel was close to everything...including the hospital across the street that has ambulances with sirens leaving and arriving all times of the night! Ugh.	
Nov 25 2009 	Great location great weekend rates	Impressive, well maintained. Room was large with desk and armoire/tv. Staff is very helpful and friendly. The front desk in a word, reserved. There are several breakfast stops within 1 to 2 block walking distance, Corner Bakery, West Egg Cafe and Einstein Bros. Bagels. Corner Bakery is across the street and opens at 6AM, for the first coffee of the day. Great baked goods.	
Nov 21 2009 	Nice hotel would return	Nice hotel, great location, minutes away from the Magnificent Mile. Our rooms were nice and big (deluxe room) and the only thing I could really complain about was the noise of the ambulances at night, but that is just due to the proximity of the hotel to the hospital. Our room was on the 17th floor so the noise wasn't terrible, but I could definitely hear them at night, however, they did not keep me up, I was just awake when they passed by, others in my party didn't know what I was talking about the next morning when I asked about it, they slept through the night with no problems. It was also a little annoying that you had to enter the hotel and then take one set of elevators to get to the main floor where the other set of elevators were located to take you to your rooms. But overall a very enjoyable stay, friendly staff, nothing of note to complain about. I would definitely return to this hotel on my next visit to Chicago. 	
Nov 16 2009	Great location comfy beds great deal!	My mom and I stayed at the Wyndham for 2 nights and had a very pleasant stay. The beds are very comfortable. The location is great if you want to be near the Magnificent Mile. One thing to note is that the room photos included in the Trip Advisor hotel profile are not of a standard size room. We had a standard room with two queen beds, and it was much smaller than the room shown in the photos. For two people it was fine, but if you’re a family with kids, it would be pretty cramped. One minor quirk about how the hotel is laid out that might be problematic if you have mobility problems is that you need to take two different elevators to get to the guest rooms. Customer service at this hotel is great. The concierge was really helpful with dinner reservations and directions. As far as price goes, we got a great deal that I couldn’t have been more pleased with. Overall, we had a great experience at the Wyndham and I would not hesitate to stay here again if I needed to be in this neighborhood again.	
Nov 5 2009 	Great Price and Location	I booked the Wyndham for the weekend of 10/30/09 thru 11/1/09 on Expedia for 99.00 (nonrefundable) per night and the hotel's website was charging 215.00 (nonrefundable) per night, so I got a great deal and was very happy about that. Upon arrival the staff was very friendly and more than willing to help. At the check in desk the clerk told me I could upgrade to a suite for 30.00 per night so I did. The room was adequate, the furniture to me is a little out dated. The TV could also use an upgrade to a flat screen. Oh... And valet parking is 50.00 per night, so be prepared to pay. Luckily we found street parking and left the car there the entire weekend. Other than that minor complaint, the location was great, again, the staff was very friendly, and the bed was super comfortable. I definitely recommend this hotel!	
Nov 4 2009 	Good location - good rate - well appointed	The hotel is in an excellent location, with friendly helpful staff (espec concierge) and well appointed and well maintained rooms. The beds and bed linen were especially comfortable and clean. Having to pay for wireless internet in the room was a little galling, but on a rate of UK£85 per night one can't complain. Excellent inexpensive breakfast to be had just across the street at the Corner Bakery - the cognoscenti of Chicago were inside enjoying Anaheim scramblers and everlasting coffee.Recommend both hotel and the Bakery..!	
Nov 3 2009 	Great location but made to feel we did not belong	Took our family to Chicago for a short sightseeing trip in October. Stayed at Wyndham for 3 nights in two rooms. Upon arrival our booking was messed up to the point that we were given the keys to someone else's room. Going back to the desk did not even prompt an apology! Throughout front desk treated us as if we weren't good enough. As a By Request member, I had expected a very different treatment. Value was sadly lacking and prices for parking or breakfast were outrageous, when staff were more busy talking to one another, than attending to clients.	
Nov 1 2009 	Fantastic Location -you just can't beat it!	We stayed for 2 nights &amp; got what we felt after staying, to be an excellent deal via hotwire.com for $88pn. I've go to say -I was alittle concerned &amp; apprehensive about staying here, thanks to all the other reviews &amp; people's honesty about the place. We are Aussies and arrived early(11am) having travelled approx 18 hrs. Firstly: Check in is not on the ground floor, you need to take the lift up a floor. We were greeted by a friendly gentleman &amp; explained why we were here early. He actually asked if we wanted a high or lower floor.! I was &quot;armed' with all the reviews &quot;dont's&quot; so I was prepared to argue/fight to get a room on a higher floor, so no noise &amp; we could sleep. He offered us a room on the 17th floor with a king bed, so we took it. I didn't have to say a word - he must have sensed I was well prepared &amp; very jetlagged, so don't argue with a tired Aussie! Unfortunately, our room wouldn't be ready until 3pm, but he suggested we come back at 2.30pm &amp; they'd see what they could do. The gentleman recognised us straight away &amp; advised our room was ready. The room was clean, tidy with a limited view &amp; the bed was very comfortable. The best part was - we DIDN'T HEAR any sirens from the ambulances at the hospital.! The hotel doesn't have a pick-up service &amp; no free Internet. Secondly: The location was great - easy walk to Michigan Ave, the Magnificent Mile, Navy Pier etc, we walked everywhere &amp; there is a tourist information just up the road near the Water Tower. Shopping is on your doorstep &amp; there are some great restaurants, so venture out as we didn't eat in the hotel. It wasn't windy at all for early Sept, &amp; we went Chicago Beach for lunch, where there is a great cafe/restaurant right on the beach. If you get a sunny day its excellent down there- a good feed &amp; some cold beers (made us feel at home- except no waves at the &quot;beach&quot;). The moral to this story is - if you get a higher floor, you won't hear the sirens. If you are a light sleeper, I'd consider elsewhere. Or just take a gamble like we did as it was only for 2 nights.	
Oct 19 2009 	Good location and clean...but it ends at that	If you are a business traveler and NOT a light sleeper, this is the perfect hotel for you. Great location in Streeterville neighborhood with all of the tourist attractions within walking distance. If you are a leisure traveler, there are many more interesting options just across Mag mile in River North.Yes, the room was clean and the bed was very comfortable, and I don't typically write negative reviews, but there were just too many little details that would cause me to recommend other options to first time visitors to Chicago. (And for a four diamond rating, I would expect more).Check in went like this &quot;Name please...can you spell that...I need a photo ID...your room is on the 10th floor...elevators are down the hallway on the left.&quot; There was no &quot;welcome&quot; or &quot;thank you&quot; or &quot;I hope you enjoy your stay.&quot;Again the room and bath were clean, spacious and comfortable...but basic. The mirror above the vanity was not large enough to span the space and did not align with the positioning of the bathroom sink...thus you had to step to the right to see yourself.The hotel is adjacent to Northwestern Memorial Hospital so you will hear the sirens from ambulances from time to time through the night.The doors slammed shut and the walls I thought were quite thin.So, again, there are so many other unique options, with a little research, a leisure traveler can find something more memorable and relaxing.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great Surprise	We booked this hotel as part of a Hotel Special hoping for the best. When we arrived we were thrilled to find a centrally located and glamourous hotel. The fixtures and rooms are lovely. Staff are friendly and did their utmost to make our stay. Shopping is on your doorstep as are some great resturants. We went to a Brazilian resturant and rate it as the best meal of the 2 week stay.	
Sep 27 2009 	Good Jog	My elderly relatives visited us from abroad. They got here a day ahead of schedule and my wife booked them into the Wyndham Chicago. They spoke no English. My wife called ahead to tell the desk to expect them. When my relatives arrived the front desk took care of them without any trouble. A nice hotel, to be sure, but it was the extra effort that impressed me, and my relatives. Thanks guys.	
Sep 27 2009 	Great locatio ideal for a tourist	Perfect location to see everthing in Chicago. We used to Mero and walked to get around and had no issues.Hotel is clean and staff helpful. We didn't eat in the hotel as Chicago has far too many great restauranrts to miss.Love Chicago and thought this hotel was a great base and worth the money.Their is a very small pool a bit disapointing. The jacuzzi and steam and sauna made uo for it as this helps ease the feet after a long day sight seeing.We did not hear any noise and had great sleeps in a really comfy bed.	
Sep 20 2009	wonderful customer service	We had a block of rooms at the Wyndham for our wedding. All of the Wyndham employees we dealt with were extremely accommodating, helpful, friendly, kind and professional. The hotel is beautiful and in a perfect location in Chicago. Affordable and chic.	
Sep 13 2009 	worth every penny	We read the reviews before booking, however, based on location, we booked here regardless of the negatives (cost of parking, noise from the hospital etc.). We were so glad we did. The location was great - easy walk to Michigan Ave, the Magnificent Mile, Navy Pier etc. A great breakfast restaurant right across the street and TGIFridays close for lunch, also an easy walk to the Cheesecake Factory for dinner. We had a blast in Chicago! The $49.00 spent on parking at this hotel was worth every penny as we never saw our car for 28 hours. Make sure to take in the boat tour of the City at 7pm.	
Sep 12 2009 	It's just average.	I think the price is not cheap. The hotel doesn't have pick-up serice, &amp; no free Internet. It's $11.00 per day for Internet access. I didn't wanna pay for it since I only need to use the Internet for like 1-2 hours per day just to check email.	
Sep 10 2009 	Great Location - Could Use Some Updating	We stayed there for 2 nights over the Labor Day weekend. Booked an executive suite online at wyndham.com. Rate was not cheap, but we wanted more space than a normal city hotel. The room was very large, although the there was not enough furniture for the size of the room. The room, furniture and TV was quite outdated for the price of the hotel. The best feature of this hotel is the great location, just one block from Michigan Avenue. Overall, this is a basic hotel - clean and safe. The staff could have been friendlier and more welcoming - but that is usual in a big city hotel.I would recommend parking at one of the nearby lots at Northwestern Hospital, as the valet parking is $50/night and takes about 20-30 minutes to retrieve your car.	
Sep 9 2009 	Will Stay Again	Awesome hotel. Convenient to Michigan Ave. and bus routes to all museums. Conceirge Russell is top notch, always helpful with a travel tip on saving time and/or money. Rooms are big and beds are nice, especially after a long day in Chicago. Will Stay there again when in Chicago	
Sep 7 2009 	Great location and good service	Can't beat the location. Easy to walk just about anywhere on Michigan Ave, Gold Coast, Millenium Park. Great TravelZoo rate included breakfast. Parking a bit expensive at $49 a night. Cheaper parking within walking distance to hotel. Friendly staff. Got the runaround a bit when trying to connect to internet. As a Wyndham Rewards member, internet should be free. Hotel blamed internet provider, internet provider blamed Wyndham. After 20 minutes, problem solved.	
Aug 30 2009 	Cannot fault this hotel.	Having read some of the other reviews on this site I am quite surprised with some of the negative comments. My girlfriend and I stayed for 4 nights then stayed for a extra 2 for my birthday. The service from all of the hotel staff was Excellent. I have to say that words cannot describe how good the concierge are especially Kaitlyn, if there was an award for best concierge she should win it. We had two different rooms during our stay upgraded to a suite for my birthday. Ok they don't have flat screen tv's but have very comfortable beds and the suite had more room. Both rooms where immaculate.We had lunch most days in the restaurant and the time we stayed they had a lunch special for $10 of which included a main and soft drink. The service in the restaurant is first class especially from Joel could not do enough for us.Please don't be put off staying here by the other reviews our experience I would recommend to anyone. Thanks Wyndham Chicago for a great stay.	
Aug 26 2009 	Fantastic Chicago stay	Our hotel stay was fantastic. Service and the staff was very friendly. The room was very clean. We recommend this hotel. Very good location.	
Aug 23 2009 	Unremarkable	I was wondering how I felt about this hotel and I decided that I didn't feel much of anything. Sometimes when I travel, there is something about a hotel or inn that impresses me. This hotel didn't impress me much. Before this gets to sounding too negative, I should be clear that it didn't impress me in a good or bad way. It was very well situated, my room was very clean and the bellmen were very pleasant. I felt that the restaurant, room service and mini bar were very expensive - even by hotel standards. The fitness center and pool were okay. I reached the concierge once in 4 attempts by phone and on that occasion I was on hold for so long that I hung up. You probably need to speak to the concierge in person in order to avail yourself of their assistance.	
Aug 23 2009 	Hotel is O.K. but Concierge is amazing.	It is a good hotel for $150 a night. Nothing special about it. Only two things stand out.1. Location! Right off the Mag Mile. 2. Staff! Room staff was friendly. Concierge was awesome!!! I must commend them all, but specially Kaitlyn Lawlor. She had it all: charm, speed, and the best memory I've seen. If I were to stay there again, I would ask if she still works there. Her job really made a difference.	
Aug 21 2009 	Not a great experience at the price point	We stayed at the Wyndham Chicago for one night in August. The hotel was busy, so the only rate available was a rather expensive rate. While the room was large, the layout was awkward, and the room was not very clean. The complimentary water bottles on the table had been opened and used, and there were dirty towels in the corner when we checked in. At this price point, we could have stayed at the Four Seasons or the Penninsula and had a much better experience. Average, at best. The location was the best part about the stay.	
Aug 19 2009 	Staff great - rooms need a little work	Our experience at the Wyndham was mixed. The Staff could not have been nicer, particularly at check in where we were upgraded to an executive suite instead of the junior suite we were expecting. However our particular room although very large looked very worn. The upholstery on some of the chairs was torn and faded, the wood on the tables were scratched and dented, – it all looked like it had been purchased in a garage sale. The room was in need of refurbishing. Because of the size of the room, we had two separate AC systems and one of the two units did not work (engineering said it needed a new fan). In general our stay was OK, but it certainly did not have a feeling of luxury – PS, on the same trip we stayed at the downtown Hilton in St. Louis and it was incredible – no comparison in the quality of the rooms even though the Hilton was a standard room and the Wyndham was an executive suite.	
Aug 17 2009 	Great experience comfort and class Wyndham Chicago	Everything what makes a good Hotel: Clean ,beautiful and very comfortable room. Good linen and service at any time that we requested. Nice and warm personnel. Good installations in the Gym. Excellent location. Loved it	
Aug 17 2009 	Worst customer service ever	I recently had an incident at this hotel where they shut down their bar with large groups in house and no notification of their bar hours. In the heart of Chicago on a busy weekend with the Air and Water Show and you couldn't get a drink. The manager on duty Sheila seemed inexperienced as a manager and was clearly not customer oriented which was obvious with her rude demeanor. She told us to go somewhere else. Obviously revenue isn't important to this hotel during a recession nor is good customer service. I have also stayed at this hotel previously where our room wasn't ready, requests for towels and coffee were ignored. They do not measure up the Wyndham standards of service.	
Aug 16 2009 	Another Great Stay at the Wyndham!	Just returned from a three-night stay at the Wyndham. Everything was perfect, from Ismail at the front desk to Dennean (the By Request manager). Our room was wonderful, the daily breakfast included in our package was excellent, my kids had a blast, and the service was friendly. I can't recommend this hotel enough and we're already talking about our next return. You also can't beat the location of this hotel. Yes, there are sirens as the hotel is across the street from a hospital. However, we were on the 16th floor and it was definitely tolerable. It's a city...cities are loud. We dealt with it. Basically, don't let that detour you from staying here. And, if you're not happy with something, don't hesitate to ask. I can honestly say that this is by far the friendliest hotel we've stayed at in Chicago. Every employee we talked to was kind and acted like they truly cared about their job.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great Hotel w/ a Great Price !	We stayed Saturday - Monday Aug 1-3 at the Wyndham in Chicago. It was GREAT. We got a deal through travelzoo for $129 per night upgrade to a jr suite and free breakfast buffet for each morning. This was an amazing deal! We got the top floor corner suite and it was great ! The view was nice and the bed comfy. Can't say enough about the staff. They were great from the restaurant to the conceirge to the front desk. We came in early and our room was not ready so we left our luggage which was no problem. This was our first trip to Chicago and i would recommend taking a map everywhere you go and asking for directions as its a bit confusing becaue the streets are named and not numbered like nyc. The concierge recommended a fabulous restaurant Piccolo Signo for our first night and it was GREAT. moderately priced and you MUST sit outside to get the full affect. primarily italian food. it was really great. The breakfast buffet was very good. all you can eat scrambled eggs, fruit, potatoes, yogurt, oatmeal, cereal, bacon, etc. we had no problems and no complaints at this hotel. I would definately stay again. it is super close to michigan ave and close to other sites. You can hear the noise from the hospital outside but it did not bother us to much. One thing we did for our stay i would not recommend was the Adler Planetarium. Personally, it was not worth the $40 admission for the two of us. The exhibit was soso and we saw the 3D show and i would not reccomend it. Especially for kids. I was bored and I'm not 5 !! Overall though, I recommend Chicago and this hotel highly. Others in our group paid close to $300 per night for the omni which was literally 3 mins walk from the wyndham ! We got a great deal and were treated very nicely at the Wyndham.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great Location and very nice staff. Watch out with that 'Do Not Disturb Sign'	I stayed at the Wyndham for 2 nights after a conference in nearby St.Charles. Overall I liked the hotel. This was my second stay in Chicago and I preferred the location of this hotel over the more expensive one I stayed in last time. It is so close to everything. We literally walked everywhere from this hotel. The staff (especally the bellmen) was nice and the room was modern and clean. One thing that bothered me was that I left the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign on the door so that they wouldnt come in and clean the room while we were gone. It really wasnt a necessity for us. I dont know who took it upon themselves to remove the sign and clean the room anyways. Had I known this I would have put away my belongings instead of having them lying about. In all fairness to them, I could have called and told them I did not need room service. But, I do the same thing in most hotels I go to and have never had someone remove the sign and come into the room anyways. Also, the next morning we had the sign on the door and a cleaning lady knocked at and tried to open the door anyways. Someone should clarify with the cleaning service what the &quot;Do Not Disturb Sign&quot; means.	
Jul 30 2009 	Not as nice as I thought it would be.	I really had high expectations when booking the Wyndham. The room was too small for us with 2 small kids. There was sand on the chair/ottoman. The bathroom was very clean so that was a plus. The pool was a lot smaller than I figured it would be and the water was freezing cold. The concierge desk had 1 girl working it and it was always overcrowded with people waiting to talk to her so that wasn't very helpful. Parking was more expensive than anticipated also...$49/night. You could save $8 by parking yourself, but goodluck finding a spot. The location was great, 1 block off the Magnificent Mile. All in all, the hotel was &quot;okay&quot; but I didn't think it was fantastic. I would stay there again if we had a discounted rate, but would never stay there for the full-price rate...definitely not worth the money.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great Hotel for a Family	For my first time in Chicago, I did a spreadsheet on hotels for a two night stay and I chose the Wyndham for the price, location and size of suite. Pros: Early check in - we checked in at 1 pmSize of room - 700+ sq foot suite with a door between bedroom and living roomShower pressure and towels were both goodCons:Noise - No fault of Wyndham, but every hour in the bedroom you could hear an ambulance that was about as loud as an alarm clock for about 30 secondsRestaurant - Too fancy and pricey for young kids who do not eat much, but there are about 4 bakeries within a block of the place.We would stay here again and I give it a thumbs up.	
Jul 23 2009 	Thumbs up	Suites were big, clean and comfortable. Great location and would recommend to families traveling with children. Oh by the way the kids like the pool and they have a nice work out facility.	
Jul 22 2009 	Nice hotel	Very nice place. Centrally located to all the Chicago attractions. Wish they had a pool though.	
Jul 19 2009 	Awesome Location and Great Staff	I had the pleasure of staying at the Wyndham for 2 solid weeks and staid at the Wyndham. The staff at this hotel is exceptional. Everyone is friendly and helpful. The concierge was always excellent at offering suggestions and making arrangements. No task was too small. The even called down to The Capital Grille and ordered my desert for me so that it would be ready when I got there. The location is fantastic, centrally located and one block south of Michigan Ave. The rooms were very nice. So you are close to shopping and restaurants but away from the hustle (by only one block). The Caital Grille is connected to the hotel, and there are fantastic restaurants all around and within walking distance. Perfect location. You can even see Lake Michigan from the hotel, and its about a 10 minute walk to get down to the lake and the Navy Pier.	
Jul 17 2009 	Perfect location. Great hotel. Best deal.	The Wyndham in downtown Chicago is the perfect place to stay for someone interested in a downtown location without the astronomical price. The room was very clean and beds comfortable after a long day of walking the city. The staff was great! The breakfast included can not be beat. Fresh berries and fruit and eggs made to order served on the fourth floor corner. Perfect for eating and watching people on the street. Our waiter was wonderful! The pool area is a little on the small side and the hot tub is situated very close to the pool making it a little difficult to relax. This hotel seemed to attract families with young children, so if this isn't your scene, you may want to look elsewhere. The location was a very safe neighborhood, one block from Michigan Ave and easy to access sites by walking or public transport. I will stay here again when I return to Chicago.	
Jul 16 2009 	The staff made the difference	Our twin daughters just turned 14 so we took them to Chicago for a shopping trip on the Miracle Mile and we stayed at the Windham.We booked our room through Travelocity, but were offered an upgrade to a suite for a price when we checked in. It was well worth the money for the extra space. The &quot;suite&quot; wasn't the most impressive I've ever stayed in, but it was nice enough. With so many hotels to choose from, it must be hard/expensive to keep things up-to-date. The TVs for example were a smaller tube type while many places offer larger flat pannels these days.However, it wasn't the room that made our stay so great, it was the staff. Every time we came in we were greeted with large smiles by the desk staff. Our requests for extra towels and pillows were answered promptly and curteously. And Kaitlyn the concierge was extremely helpful and even had a treat sent up to our room when she heard it was the girls' birthday. Whatever they're paying her, they should raise it as she was very good to us and always eager to help us make plans.Definitely a large thumbs up. You might get a slightly better room somewhere else, but you won't find a more curteous staff and that can make all the difference.	
Jul 15 2009 	Good overall	Pros: The hotel was clean &amp; conveniently located near the Magnificent Mile, Navy Pier, &amp; other tourist attractions. The staff were very friendly &amp; helpful.Cons: It is right across the street from Northwestern Hospital (Trauma center) and my family &amp; I were awakened several times a night with ambulance sirens (we were all the way on the 16th floor, but were still awakened by the sirens). Parking is outrageously over-priced! They charged us a daily fee to use the wi-fi!	
Jul 13 2009 	Great Service 	We stayed at the Chicago Wyndham Downtown this past weekend (July 10-12th) due to a wedding reception being held there. From previous reviews I called [--] and spoke to a Mr. Wilson. He was extremely nice said it was only a minute and half walk to the Wyndham (I think it was even less than a minute). Cost was $39 minus a $4 dollar discount so the cost was $35 per day verses $49 at the hotel. You could come and go as much as you wanted. Once we parked the car there was never a need to get it out again everything is within walking distance. The car attendants were very pleasant and helpful. Check in at the Wyndham went very smooth. Earlier I had signed up for their Wyndham Rewards and was able to receive free internet. Again from previous reviews I asked for a room away from the hospital. Aaron at the front desk was extremely accomodating and placed us on the 15th floor away from any hospital noise. The room was very large and the bed extremely comfortable. The bathroom was large with nice amenities. My husband used the workout and pool facilities that were on 4th floor. There was a wide range of equipment. The pool &amp; whirlpool area was small but very clean.For a quick breakfast we went to the Corner Bakery which was kiddie corner from the hotel or else you could go in the opposite direction to Dunkin Donuts. We did eat in the bar area of the hotel one day for lunch. They ran a $10 special that also included a drink. The food was very good and the service was excellent. We had a window table so we could watch all the people walking by. Friday night we ate a Gino's Pizzeria which is only 2 blocks north (corner of Superior &amp; St. Clair). The line formed down the alley but it moved at a pretty good pace. We were told it would be 75 minute wait and but were seated in 40 minutes.Michigan Avenue is only one block west. This hotel is a easy walking distance to all the major stores. Art Fest was going on near the Wrigley Building so that was fun to check out.The wedding reception we attended at the Wyndham was like clock work. The service and food were very good. If you are thinking about doing a reception there as a guest I was very impressed with how organized everything was.	
Jul 13 2009 	Pleasant Stay	Stayed in Wyndham for a little Michigan Ave shopping prior to visiting the University of Chicago on a college road trip. Booked through TravelZoo and got a great rate with a suite upgrade. Great Location. We had a king suite that was spacious and welcoming. The breakfast in the dining room was outstanding. We have not seen that fresh of fruits on a breakfast buffet EVER. Highly recommend. Less than 1 mile from Millineum station. 1 block off Michigan. Great location for us. Bed comfortable. Do not recommend for families, appeared more business and professional oriented.	
Jul 6 2009 	Comfy bed shower pressure and convenient location	The Wyndham Chicago is conveniently located in downtown Chicago. It is easily accessible by the train (CTA) by taking the blue line to the red line, or if you have lots of luggage, then the blue line to a ~$6 cab ride. Michigan Avenue (shopping) is a couple blocks away, and so are some of the major attractions like navy pier, and some of the museums. The one problem we had with the hotel location was its proximity to a hospital. Luckily we noticed the noisy ambulances on our way to check in, so we specifically requested a room on one of the upper floors. We think this worked, as we didn’t hear them in our room.The room was quite spacious – with a very COMFORTABLE king size bed, down comforter, and down pillows. We definitely got a good night’s sleep. The bathroom was large, and nicely decorated with granite counters. One of my pet peeves when travelling is the amount of shower pressure. Happy to say, this one passed the test! I was able to get all the shampoo out of my hair easily?. The room was equipped with internet access (for a fee), TV, mini bar / fridge and free coffee.There was a dining area on the 2nd floor with a reasonably priced menu – everything for $10. However, we didn’t eat there. There are just so many places in downtown Chicago we wanted to try out, and they were just a quick walk downstairs! There were multiple people managing the Concierge desk, so the wait to speak to someone wasn’t long. The Concierge was very knowledgeable and often gave us very specific walking directions / maps to wherever we wanted to go. There was also somewhere to leave your luggage on the 1st floor. We used this on the way in and out as our flight times did not match the check in time of 3:30p and check out of 11:00a.All in all, we really enjoyed our stay. The bed was extremely comfortable, and the shower had lots of pressure. We were in the heart of everything we wanted to see, yet not directly in the midst of the tourists – for a very reasonable price. We would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 21 2009 	A true pleasure :)	Wanting to stay in the Michigan Mile area for my first time Chicago visitor friend, I debated between this property and several others near the Magnificent Mile...including the Allerton, the Four Points Sheraton and the Courtyard Marriott. I am so pleased with my decision to stay at the Wyndham. Booking on the Wyndham website offered me the best rate. Check in couldn't have been more efficient and smooth. I was offered an upgrade to a Corner Suite for $30 extra a nite. I wanted to see the difference, so at first I declined. The standard room I was given was nice, and clean and well appointed. Had it been just me traveling, it might have been ok. The view was not spectacular in this room as I guess many on that side of the hotel are since they directly face a 16 story wall next door. Like I said, for the business traveler or someone who doesn't mind that view, it would have been just fine.I wanted to have a lil more room and a great view for my first time guest, so I opted for the suite. I can honestly say this was the best $30 I spent all weekend. (per nite). It made ALL the DIFFERENCE. The room was larger by about 100 sq feet or more and the view from 4 huge windows was great. Just what we needed.The hotel itself was very quiet all weekend and the staff and housekeeping never bothered us at all. The bathrooms were all marble and very updated and also had a full size tub too.I am reaching to find ANY vice, but the only one that I can account for is the Northwestern Hospital across the street. The &quot;almost every 10 minute&quot; ambulance arrivals were annoying at first but can't make a dent in the overall enjoyment of our stay. But this, of course, is not the fault of the hotel, so they still get top marks from me.The trick is, get a high floor room, and these sirens may fade a tad.Across the street, what luck! A Corner Bakery ...grab breakfast and then hit the town!Do your homework, but for me, this will be my choice for a repeat visit to the Windy City.Thanks Wyndham!	
Jun 15 2009 	Very nice...great place to relax after a hard day of being a tourist!	We had a wonderful stay at the Wyndham Chicago for two days in June. The room was clean and very comfortable, and it was great to return to our hotel and enjoy the sauna, steam room, hot tub and pool next to the fitness center. Great hotel!	
Jun 13 2009 	Great place to stay in Chicago	We've been to Chicago several times but this was our first stay at the Wyndham. The room rate during spring break was under $100 which was awesome. We loved the location being so close to Michigan Ave. We were allowed to upgrade our room upon check-in and were even given the lower online rate. We needed a roll away bed which was given to us at no charge. The corner king room that we had was very spacious for a family of 3. The concierge was very helpful in recommending places for lunch. Overall, the staff were very gracious. The hotel bar was very comfortable for relaxing after a day of shopping. I think this will be our hotel of choice for future trips to Chicago.	
May 27 2009 	Classy but Affordable	I stayed here before and still like it. The lobby, hallways, and rooms are all nicely furnished and decorated. The staff especially is worth returning for... the employees I dealt with were all very nice, efficient, and accommodating. I couldn't figure out how to set the clock, and my kids weren't with me to do it for me, so the hotel promptly sent up the engineer... who took care of the problem. He also turned off the alarm next door (I think they must have had a brief power outage due to thunderstorms.) I had a room (1609) on the next to top floor, with a pretty good view for this hotel - other buildings in downtown Chicago. The room was nice enough, although they still have the old style TVs. I would have liked HDTV for the NBA playoffs. I'm also not crazy about the single cup coffee makers. The two pods they provide equal two small cups of coffee in the morning. I need more. Other than that, the room was fine... the bed was comfortable, there were sufficient outlets, and an armchair and hassock to relax on.I like having Wyndham by Request, which gives me (my choice) two bottles of Coke, two bottles of water, and a bag of mixed nuts... all waiting on my desk for my arrival the first day.Room service for dinner was very disappointing this time... almost inedible. I had the same meal that I enjoyed immensely back in January (braised boneless short ribs on noodles, with an awful topping of horseradish creme fraiche). I wonder if maybe they changed management or cooks in the restaurant.It sounds like I'm complaining a lot, but I would definitely stay here again. It's very convenient to downtown Chicago, and a genuinely nice place to stay.This is a classy hotel, but an affordable one.	
May 17 2009 	Good Location Clean Rooms Decent Value	We liked this Wyndam for its location and clean, updated rooms. You are two blocks from Crate and Barrell on Michigan/Erie and 6 blocks from Lake Michigan. There is a nice lobby on the 2nd floor as well. The rooms are well appointed with all you would expect from a 4 star hotel. Our king room was clean and comfortable. Our only beef was that there was a buzzing sound which is pretty common in these older Chicago buildings. It sounded like someone was showering or running the a/c the entire time. We asked housekeeping and they said the hotel could not fix it. So don't expect an entirely sound proof room.Overall, a good choice for downtown Chicago.	
May 16 2009 	Solid Performer	Wife and I stayed for one night--everything we expected. Room was comfortable and in good shape. Bathroom was well appointed. Bar was nice. Nothing really spectacular but more than met our needs. Light sleepers may not like location due to frequent sirens from ambulances going to Northwestern Hospital located across the street, otherwise the location is excellent. Would definitely stay here again especially for less than $130 a night.	
Apr 17 2009 	The "Faux W" is the next best thing	When I go to Chicago I like to stay at the W Lakeshore and on one trip the hotel was full so I booked at the Wyndham. I joked with friends that I was staying at the &quot;faux W&quot;. I must say I was very happy with the Wyndham and would stay here again.Pros: Staff and Concierge were very knowledgeable about nightlife and restaurants in Chicago. The staff was also very friendly and willing to help. Rooms and beds were huge. Perfect location -- A two minute walk to Michigan Ave and close to Gold Coast, Rush Street, Lake Michigan. Cons: For young singles this is not a &quot;scene&quot; with a great bar or restaurant.	
Apr 11 2009 	Fantastic	Took my son for his first trip to a big city-all I can say is I could not believe how friendly and helpful everyone was. Needed to leave luggage before check in and after check out-we used amtrak, no problem. Needed directions for everything concierge (young lady with beautiful smile) could not have been more helpful and we asked a lot of questions.Room was large and comfortable and clean. Will stay again when we come back.	
Apr 1 2009 	Great location  but uncomfortable beds.	Overall, the hotel was nice and clean with good service. The location was fantastic-right next to North Michigan Ave. (the magnificent mile) and all it's fabulous shops. The pool was rather small, but good enough to keep our son happy. As far as parking-the nearby parking garage is much cheaper than valet at thirty-four dollars per night. On the bad side, the view was the side of a building , but it didn't matter to us since we didn't spend much time in the room. The room was small and it was a bit noisy due to the sirens due to the nearby hospital. The worst thing was the quality of the mattresses. My husband and I did not sleep well and woke up with neck and backaches. If it weren't for the uncomfortable beds, I would rate this hotel a 4.	
Mar 19 2009 	A Winnner at the right price Invaluable Staff A-1 +++	I used Trip Advisor to find my family a great hotel for our first visit to Chicago.Wyndham Chicago passed with flying colours.We used the website to get reservations, spoke a few times to get an internet rate and once I had a guy who was a loser on the phone, rude and I felt I was a bother to him. He did not represent the Wyndham the way they deserve, I am sure he is an unhappy person, &quot;Happy-Up Bill.&quot; I am told reservation phone staff isn't even located in the USA.Our room was huge, front desk upsized the room (suite) free due to having two small children, her name was Daneen and was absolutely great each day she wore a genuine smile. She asked daily how everything was.If a had to criticize it would be two things, parking price $49.00 each 24 hours and breakfast price at $14 or $19, al a carte is not even a concideration,,,ouch when travelling with spouse and kids !!The location is second to none, safe, clean and anything you want close by, the city blocks are small and can be walked in 1-2 minutes.Others here have commented on noise from the hospital nearby and I will say, no trouble at all, our stay was not affected at all and our room did face to hospital. I would suggest to anyone that wants a great hotel and save a buck, get a breakfast plan and park your own vehicle to save Valet charges.I would stay again at the wonderful Chicago Wyndham.Thanks to all the Staff !!	
Mar 17 2009 	Great Stay at the Wyndham Chicago Downtown	Stayed this past weekend at the Wyndham to celebrate my daughter's birthday at AG Place. We arrived at 3pm and were checked in right away. I am a Wyndham ByRequest member and when I got to the room, I was pleased to see that all of my requests (extra towels &amp; coffee, a room on a high floor) had been granted. Also as a ByRequest member, I received a &quot;welcome ammenity&quot; of cheese, crackers, soda, and bottled water. In addition, we were automatically granted a 2pm checkout-all of this at no extra charge. Every employee we encountered at the hotel went out of their way to be friendly, it gave the hotel such a warm feel. Concierge was very helpful, as this was our first time in Chicago, they gave us explicit walking directions to everywhere we wanted to go, a card that would cut our wait time at Gino's East, and a special robe and American Girl magazine for my daughter. We did have room service for breakfast. It was pricey (no surprise) but portion sizes were generous. Four of us ordered individual breakfasts and we could have easily ordered 2 and split the meals. The meals included hot oatmeal, a bread, a fresh fruit bowl, juice and then a huge carafe of coffee was brought along with the breakfasts. We walked up and down Michigan Ave. and also walked to the Navy Pier. This hotel is in a great location. We are planning a return visit this summer and will definitely book this hotel. The only negative we discovered (that is out of the hotel's control) are the loud sirens from the hospital across the street. I slept with a pillow over my head to try to block out some of the sound!	
Mar 16 2009 	Excellent hotel right on the gold coast!	If you want a beautiful, updated hotel just off Michigan Ave, this is an a great hotel to visit.My family lives one hour north of Chicago but wanted to spend a weekend in the city. We chose the Wyndham because of its proximity to Michigan Ave and it is one of the few hotels in the area with an indoor pool. I didn't eat at their restaurants, so I have no idea how the food is. The hotel staff were very attentive and the rooms were updated with comfortable beds. We were within walking distance of Water Tower Place (Mall) as well as many other restaurants and stores. Public transportation (trolley, cab, buses, L train) will take you where ever you want to go. No frig in room.	
Mar 7 2009 	Wonderful place to stay	We stayed at this hotel before and we knew what to expect and what we would get and this is the reason why we have chosen this hotel again.The location right next to the Magnificent Mile is unbeatable; the hotel is in walking distance to the Water Place, North Ave Beach et cetera.The staff is very helpful, trying to make things happen. The only downside I noticed is the wireless internet in the rooms. Speed and signal strength is poor and it does happen that you lose your connection which is double annoying if you paid $10 for 24 hours for it. Wireless should be complimentary in all hotels.Besides that this is a wonderful place to stay and I would stay there again.	
Mar 3 2009 	Nightmare several times over	Reservations made months in advance. Pre-arranged for electric water kettle, microwave, or some other source of heating water in my room. Could not use the coffee maker to run water through for heating, the water would taste and smell like coffee. It wasn't there and the desk refused to be of assistance in correcting the situation.No &quot;By Request&quot; gift basket upon arrival, as promissed and as I always receive at other Wyndhams, even in the smallest towns.When they refused to correct the situation, I tried to leave and they charged my card for a 5-day stay. The front desk person made up lies, telling me she spoke to her manager. When I used my cell phone to call the main number, I was told the manager was not there that day. The lies continued and even though I was able to find a great hotel to go to, Wyndham Chicago tied up my credit card so that it took about 4 hours to get checked in to another hotel. Then, when I tried to check out 5-days later, Wyndham Chicago charged my account, again, for a 5-day stay so that I had problems checking out of my hotel. I wasted several hours and lots of roaming charges on my phone trying to get it straightened out. After returninig home, I'm still having issues with them.Stay Away! I recommend the Hotel Rafaello. I went there and they were much more accommodating, a very comfortable suite, a fridge &amp; microwave, and I paid $55/night less than I did for the tiny room with no view at the Wyndham.	
Mar 3 2009 	Great Value Super-Great Personnel Best Location	This is my second stay at this property in downtown Chicago. I attend a conference in Chi-Town annually, but forgot how much I like this place until my recent stay. First, the few negatives: 1)The pool was closed on two days of my four-day visit. 2) the hotel is located across the street from a major medical center. I heard sirens three times. Niether of these two minor things inconvenienced me.Now, on to the many positives: 1) the staff exudes midwestern charm. Very friendly, willing to help you when you need it, and never seem to get annoyed when you ask them a question they've heard 1,000,000 times. 2) the property is small enough that the service staff get to know you after only a couple of days. As a single female traveler, this is quite comforting. I was in and out of my room several times on the first and second day of my stay. By the end of the second night the front desk people were greeting me by name. 3) by doing my homework and joining the Wyndham &quot;By Request&quot; club (free at Wyndham.com), I saved a bunch and also got some good perks...wine and cheese delivered to my room on my arrival, free room upgrade (when available, they said) and free wireless internet access. 4) I booked this room using the &quot;internet rate&quot; which requires an immediate payment with no cancel, but also gives you a rock-bottom rate. Mine was $97/night...at least $40 lower than other properties in the area....and very cheap by city standards. 5) the room I was given was almost comically huge. Here I was in Chicago for a conference by myself and I had an &quot;Executive Suite&quot; with a living room that I would guess to be around 30'x20'. It had a fold-out queen couch, two chairs, an armoir with tv and mini-bar and a business desk with ergonomic chair.. The bathroom was huge and featured marble fixtures. The bedroom was separated by french doors and was also large...approx. 15'x15' with a comfortable king bed and the Wyndham bedding and pillows. 6) Location, Location, Location. This hotel is in the center of all that is great about Chicago. For shop-a-holics, Magnificent Mile is only a couple of blocks away...fantastic food can be found on literally every block adjacent to the property. Great blues and jazz clubs are a short walk (try Andy's Jazz Club); Navy Pier is six blocks. The best architecture in the U.S. is in this city...and that's coming from a New Yorker!	
Feb 15 2009 	One big problem but they fixed it right away!!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Wyndham this past weekend for Valentines day. The location of this hotel is GREAT! We took the South Shore to Chicago and then walked straight to the hotel probably a good 7-8 blocks which is fine with us. We walked to every restaurant that wanted to eat at over the weekend and about a five dollar cab ride to State and Division for some bar hopping. There was one really big problem but the staff was great and helped us out. We checked into our room and we were hoping to take a nap for a couple hours before heading out to dinner and we kept hearing this loud banging noise. At first we thought that the noise was from doors slamming but after some investigation we realized that it had to be the pipes and the water pressure. We could not take the noise so we went straight to the front desk and complained. They immediately gave us another room and that room was excellent. No noise!! The first room was on the 7th floor and our second room was on the 11th floor. I would definitely recommend the hotel just stay away from room 734. Other than that the front desk and the concierge were great!	
Feb 12 2009 	Enjoyed my Stay very much	Upon arriving at the Ohare airport, I took the CTA close to the hotel. I recommend that you take the CTA to the Clark/Division and hail a cab to the hotel. It is a great place to shop and eat. Upon arriving at the hotel, Esmerelda checked me in and was very gracious in accomodating me in a room that I would like, as well as secure my valuables in the hotel safe. This area is a very safe area and was once a bank building that has been renovated into a hotel. It is adjacent with a surgeon center and Capital Grille. Since my room wasn't quiet ready, and I was there earlier than check in time, I walked up the road for lunch at Boston Blackies....check my review out on that one. After arriving back to the hotel. and upgrading to a Corner King for $40 a night, I found the room to be comfortable. It had large windows (not floor to cieling) but large windows with a nice king size bed, a TV with limited cable channels (not a flat screen) a love seat with a coffee table (could have been updated) and a nice secretaries desk with a desk chair. The linens where very comfortable as well as the pillows and a large bathroom which the Housekeeper, Anna Marie, had prepared very nicely. The hotel offers a pool, sauna, whirlpool, steamroom and excersize equiptment. I was very nice, well kept, and the treadmills looked over the high rise buildings outside. The Bathroom had great hot water and pressure and offered Bath and Body Works True Spa amenities. The concierge desk was very helpful with accomadating me on places to eat. I booked a volunteer at the cultural center and we went on a walk. She showed me many sites, and the service is free. Book ahead and take the bus 8 blocks up the road to get there. They will give you a free day ticket on the CTA. We walked through the Theatre District, took the subway to Argyle Street and shopped at Oriental Stores and a bakery. We stopped by a post office and shipped my package back home, as well as, walked through Lincoln Park in the snow, Second City, and ended up in Old Towne. We also ate Dim Sum @ Funerama (check out my review). While in Second city I purchased a ticket for their Monday show. She gave me directions to get back to the hotel and I walked down Dearborn Street which is quiet old Chicago. Once I had breakfast at the onsite restaurant and the Lemon Meyer Pancakes with Scrambled Eggs where great. There is a great restaurant for breakfast a couple of blocks up from the hotel called the West Egg (see my review) ...The TGIF that is up the road is a place to skip totally. Their is a Crate &amp; Barrel withing walking distance and you are just about a block from the Mag Mile. Use of the CTA was easy and although older, I felt safe. The staff here was great!	
Feb 2 2009 	Super Service!	We just stayed at the Wyndham for two nights. We take the Amtrak to Chicago once a year and pick different hotels looking for great locations and good deals. I missed a deal at another hotel by not booking when I saw it and boy am I glad I did. Even though I paid about $20 more per night at the Wyndham it was well worth the money. We had booked a corner king room with a sofa. They gave us a complimentary refrigerator upon booking. When we arrived (11:30pm) late at night the check in was smooth and he said he wanted to give us an upgrade for more room with the two kids. We said okay. The room was awesome. We had a view that was not just a building next door. We had an executive suite. Two rooms with a king bed and pull out sofa with a door inbetween. The room was so spacious and we didn't feel trapped in it like we have in the past with some hotel rooms. The service was impeccable. Every time we turned around someone was there to help. Russell the concierge was extremely helpful and saved us 32 dollars on taxis by giving us explicit bus directions. He gave us a card for Ed Debevics that gave us a small scoop sundae and free souveniour. Catelyn tried to help us with getting desert but the line at the suggested restaurant was too long. The hotel restaurant gave the kids free sundaes while we had cheesecake in a quiet atmosphere. There is so much to say but the best word is EXCELLENT!I would stay here again without question.	
Jan 27 2009 	Friendly staff ~ Good location ~ But Small rooms	The location of this hotel is near perfect, just one block off Michigan Avenue. From the outside the hotel looked impressive and the ground floor foyer and 2nd floor reception area felt the same. The reception staff on checking in were extremely friendly and our room was available at 11am in the morning even though check in was not until 4pm.Our room was clean and nicely furnished with a huge comfortable bed but was far smaller that expected. I think its one of the smallest hotel rooms I have been in for a good while. Our view was of a brick wall so we had total privacy!!! The room along with the rest of the hotel was quite cold, we managed to get the heating up in the room eventually but the rest of the public corridors just felt to chilly for comfort. On another negative note there was little in the way of public areas, it just felt as though this was purely a business hotel where you could just eat, drink and sleep. (Only a handful of seats in reception).Breakfast the next morning cost $20 plus tax per person. The breakfast was nice but really not worth the money. Personally in hindsight we may have been better off at the Starbucks around the corner.To sum in up, nice clean hotel, friendly staff, great location near to Michigan Ave (the ambulance sirens for the near by hospital do seem to be constant, day and night) but with compact rooms. Pleased that I stayed here but I think for our next visit to Chicago in spring we will try another hotel.	
Jan 6 2009 	very good stay	This is our second stay at this hotel, it is in perfect walking distance to many shoppping and eating venues. The front desk staff very helpful and courteous and the rooms very well aportioned and very clean. I used the gym daily, with nice new exercise equipment. The only negative, close to a ER. We heard lots of sirens, but what do you expect you are in the middle of the city.	
Jan 4 2009 	We never complain but.......	my husband and I stayed at the Wyndahm 2 nights to celebrate the New Year and to have a last &quot;getaway &quot; before we have our first child in 2 months. I booked our room with points that we had accumulated through our credit card and this was the only option for a downtown Chicago location. On initial entry to the hotel I was pleased, after finding a place to park....good luck! Our room was clean and as the day progressed into night, that is when we started to regret our choice in hotel. First off our room was directly across from the hospital. Sirens all night! For a light sleeper, like my husband, not a fun thing to hear in the night. When sitting on the bed, the comforter is very soft, pull that thing back and you will be sleeping on a rock. Strike three....the thermostat. The fan will not stay on and the lowest the temperature will go is 65. Being pregnant, I was sleeping in my sweat all night and on a hard bed listening to sirens. The kicker.....a loud thud happening anywhere from every 5 minutes to every 10 seconds, depends on the time of day and how busy the hotel is. This constant thud was the pipes running through the hotel for water pressure. It sounded like doors slamming constantly. REALLY ANNOYING!!! My husband slept with ear plugs the second night. I was so exhausted from walking so much in the city that I only woke up a few times to the sirens. One last thing I noticed, being pregnant, didn't bother my husband, was the counter tops in the bathroom. I am 5'8 and 32 weeks pregnant, the counter hit me directly in my belly and had a difficult time using the sink or putting on makeup in the mirror. I had to sit on the counter to get anything done....also not safe if pregnant. We did not have to shell out any of our cash for the rooms, but I am disappointed that our hard earned points went to these two nights in Chicago. The only thing going for it was the location and the corner bakery across the street for breakfast....since it is not included at the hotel. I would not stay there again.	
Dec 29 2008 	Wyndham Chicago was THE best!!	First of all we got an unbelievable rate of $70 a night through expedia and things just went up from there. The hotel was beautiful inside and out, the staff was great especially one of the front desk ladies (we became fast friends!). When booking this hotel i read some reviews about people being bothered by ambulances and stuff because the hospital was literally direclty across the street (u could walk from the hotel door straight across the road to the hosipital door) but i can honestly say that didnt bother us at all. no sirens kept us up. Everyone we came into conctact with was extremely helpful and the hotel's location was close to everything. My party consisted of me, my sister and a friend and although we just got backj home we are already making plans to go back next year!!!!	
Dec 15 2008	Great location clean rooms	I booked through the hotels website for 159 per night which is a great price for the quality of the hotel the rooms were clean, the beds were nice (not the best but i slept well!) average size rooms with enough room to relax, the bathroom was larger than usual which was nice for 2 girls to get ready in the morning. There was wine and cheese ready in our room upon our arrival, due to the free Wyndam rewards program. The staff was very nice and helpful when needed. Never had any problems with noise. Each room had its own thermostat so you could adjust the temp as needed. The view as OK but that defiantly does not matter to me. The location is the reason I chose this hotel and it was perfect a block off Michigan ave and a short walk to almost anywhere you would want to be! I would defiantly stay here again! I have stayed at nicer hotels in Chicago but have payed a lot more too!	
Dec 6 2008 	Fabulous Location	Fabulous location and great hotel. The front desk and concierge staff went above and beyond to be helpful. The bed was so comfortable I didn't want to leave it in the morning. The fitness room was well-equipped for a downtown hotel. Don't eat breakfast at one of the corporate options nearby, instead walk around the corner to 233 E. Ontario and eat at Momi's Cafe. Moni's has organic and fair trade tea and coffee, crepes, great breakfast options and it is locally owned!	
Nov 17 2008 	Perfect	I could not recommend this Hotel more highly. We stayed here for 6 nights at the beginning of November and got a great deal of 55% discount by booking through Expedia. The Hotel is in an ideal location just a block from Michigan Avenue (the main shopping street). I stayed there with my Mum and we never had any concerns about going to and from the Hotel as two women even when it was dark. The staff were always friendly and could not have been more helpful. The room was spacious, the beds were huge and very comfortable, there was a big closet and the bathroom was spotless and had lots of free toiletries in it (what more can you ask for!) I really liked the fact that we got a free USA Today newspaper left outside the door each day. We didn't have any meals at the Hotel although there is a restaurant because we tried the Corner Bakery across the street on the first morning and it was such good value and the food was so yummy that we kept going back there. A perfect stay!	
Oct 25 2008	Real Surprise	Booked this through Hotwire for a great price, so was stunned to find a hotel so centrally located near Michigan Avenue. Was further surprised by the level of comfort. This is a very nice clean comfortable hotel which has a nice luxurious feel about it. The room was large, clean and well appointed. The only downside was the the cost of valet parking and internet pushed the price up a bit. I could have self parked down the road for cheaper but luggage restricted the practicality of this. Over all a nice find especially if you can get it for a good price.	
Oct 20 2008 	Nice Hotel...But..	We spent a long weekend at the Wyndham and I will say the staff was very friendly and courteous. The location is wonderful a block off of Michigan avenue. My only problem was that you cannot control the temperature in the room. There is a thermostat and it looks like you can set it but it does not do anything. I was way too hot durning our stay. I asked at the front desk and they said that the building engineer controlled the temp. The engineer came up within 10 minutes and opened up a vent and said it should help. It lowered the temp a whopping 1 degree. For a nice hotel this is a major inconvenience.	
Oct 16 2008 	Will definitely stay here again	We've stayed at a few hotels in downtown Chicago, but now we have found the one.The Wyndham was a great value (under $200 midweek). The rooms were very clean and comfortable. The staff was very friendly and accomodating (late check-out). And the location was perfect for us-- only a block off Michigan. The nearby Corner Bakery was a convenient option for coffee and breakfasts, and there is a Dominick's grocery nearby for drinks and snacks.I worried about being across from the ER and hearing ambulance sirens all night, but we weren't bothered at all.The pool was small, but perfect for the kids to splash around.We will definitely choose the Wyndham next time we return to Chicago.	
Oct 14 2008 	Nice Hotel	This is a great hotel and was a good value for $300/night. Excellent and helpful staff. Very clean. Nice room and great bath. Comfy beds and good linens. Beautiful lobby. Good and fast valet service. Made a seperate trip to our car when we realized we'd forgotten a purse and promptly brought it to the room with a smile. Great conceierge. The bad: noise. It is across from the hosptital (sirens) and noise travels through the door, but not necessarily the walls. On the flip side of being across from the hospital it really is quieter than those hotels right on Michigan or Rush street. It is only a block or so off the &quot;mile&quot; but felt tucked away from the bustle. There aren't many sirens and as a light sleeper I was only awoken once. That might've just been my jet lagged system confused about the time. I would definitely stay again unless I can get the Sofitel for the same price! (The Sofitel does not offer 2 doubles- which were needed on this &quot;girls weekend&quot;. ) This hotel snob would recommend it.	
Oct 12 2008 	Nice room lovely bathroom free by request benefits	There’s been a lot of talk about hearing ambulances and I have to agree it could be a problem for a light sleeper if you’re facing the hospital as we were. We were on the 16th floor I believe and I could hear the noise but it wasn’t much more than you’d expect if you were at home and an ambulance was going down the street rather muffled. I just don’t sleep well away from home. It’s a very conveniently located hotel so may be worth the minor noise disturbance.The room we had was an upgrade because of the By Request membership which is something you sign up for and requires no money. Of course we received the complimentary drinks and snacks requested. You have several options to choose from, we opted for the fruit bowl, green tea and water. Also, there was a large bowl of green apples at the front desk when you checked in. Much like some older hotels the front desk is on the second floor.It was a nice suite with a living area with the standard TV in an armoire and a bedroom which a pair of frosted doors closed so you aren’t disturbed. The bedroom had its own armoire with a TV. The bed was very comfortable, nice down pillows and comforter with the duvet which seems so much cleaner. The whole bedroom wall was filled with large windows with good curtains that keep out the dark. As everyone else has mentioned the bathroom was really very nice with a wonderful scale that measured your body fat and weight once you put in your height and age. The makeup mirror was great and the products aren’t just the tiny little bottles you get even at four star hotels but medium sized Bath and Beyond items that you might give in a gift set which was a nice surprise.Overall the room was nice, clean, fresh, very satisfactory. Everyone was helpful and friendly. There were only two problems. One was the Internet which I didn’t mind paying for as it’s not that much but my daughter wasn’t able to get it hooked up. She didn’t call for assistance either and I didn’t find out until too late so that might not have been a problem. The second was that the cable stations kept going out. She didn’t call about that either though so maybe it won’t be a problem for anyone else. I should mention in the morning the stations seemed fine. We didn’t use room service or try the buffet or even the restaurant though I did have drink in the bar with a friend and enjoyed the atmosphere. They had several TV’s with sports on though there was no noise to disturb our conversation. We sat on the couch which was nice and comfortable. The waitress was prompt and pleasant.I must add that thanks to other reviewers we avoided another problem which was using the hotel’s valet service. They charge $49.00 a night and while I understand parking is horrible in downtown Chicago right next door to them to the right was a perfectly adequate parking garage with valet service as well, 233 E. Erie Parking, phone number is (312) 255-8200 should you want to contact them before hand. The sign said they charged $39.00 on a weekend for 24 hours but the kind gentleman said there was a $5.00 discount which was applied. I can’t say enough about this garage. The two men were so kind and helpful. They told us we could easily get whatever we needed out of our car at any time. The convenience, service and price were unbeatable and the best thing is that there was barely a five minute wait! Also, when I accidentally left a bag beside the chair my daughter had been waiting in they marked it and had it ready when I returned twenty minutes later after having had to turn around on the Interstate and go back. If I went back to Chicago I would be very pleased to stay at this hotel and park at the same garage again though I’d make it two nights instead of one there’s just so much to see.	
Oct 10 2008	good hotel	The Wyndham hotel is in a great location right next to the magnificent mile although it is a small walk to the nearest train stop. The rooms are very nice with an old style decor that is very comfortable. The stafff are also very friendly and we had a positive stay overall. We were in Chicago (myself and my girlfriend) for five days and I would recommend that people allow as least five days in the city if possible as there is a lot to see and do.	
Sep 27 2008 	Horrible	I was not impressed with this hotel other than its location. If you have any expectations or need service dont stay here. The bellman will get you in the door and just point to the elevator leaving you to get your bags and family upstairs to check in. Then you wait (ours was 3hrs) and hope you get a room that you can rest in. There is a hospital across the street with ambulances running non-stop.	
Aug 29 2008 	Second stay at this Wyndham	We stayed at this property last summer and found the price and service to be worth a return visit. The valet service, bell staff and concierge are all above average. The location is in the heart of the Magnificent Mile and within walking distance of all the best that Chicago has to offer. Only complaint was that we were supposed to get a few perks (snacks, free local calls) for being Wyndham By Request members. Last year it was automatic. This year we had to ask for everything, despite the fact that our membership number was on the reservation.	
Aug 29 2008 	Lovely BUT.......	I received a great rate on a last minute booking from priceline. The desk clerk was friendly and upgraded us to a King Suite when I told her it was my sons going away to college trip. The lobby was nice and no big deal going to the second floor. The room was huge and beautiful the bathroom fabulous. The concierges were friendly and very helpful on both occassions.Here is the BUT...although we were on the top floor the hospital next door had an ambulance arrive at 4:30 in the am that screamed the siren for a good 3 minutes. It felt like it was right outside the window.Other reviews mentioned this so unless you are a heavy sleeper you may want to avoid the hotel,too bad because it is in a great location and the place is very nice.	
Aug 27 2008 	Would Come Back Again!	Had a fantastic stay at the Wyndham! The lobby was beautiful and check-in was quick and easy. Because I had signed up to be a Byrequest member, a plate of cheese and crackers and two small bottles of Pepsi were waiting for us in our lovely, clean room. The bathrooms were perfect for us- it was very clean, had granite countertops, a large framed mirror, and bath &amp; body works products for us to use. The location is perfect, a few steps away from Michigan Ave and not to far from Navy Pier. The only downside was that our view was of the wall of the building next door, but that wasn't a problem for us at all since we spent most of our time out in the city. Also, Gino's, famous for their deep-dish pizza) is only a block away! Sadly, we found this out after checking out and on our way home.	
Aug 25 2008 	Wyndham Chicago-St. Clair Didn't need a car	This was business/pleasure and it was a nice little weekend getaway. It's located near a hospital so you hear sirens alot but for some reason would quite down later in the night. The beds were very comfortable. I agree with the other person that the concierge was very helpful. The concierge is located right near the main elevators so you can't help but use them. As always I recommend getting a room without any adjoining door. We were lucky and had quiet people in the room next to us. Can they come up with hotels that muffle hallway/other room noise please?? The parking is high there but it's high most places downtown. It was nice to walk most places nearby for shows or boat tours or just shopping. If you look out the hotel window there is a little cafe across the street called Coco Pazzo that had the best food. I highly recommend this place. Gino's is nearby and has a outside patio. The cafe's were very quaint during the warm summer nights. I felt like I was in Europe. The hotel restaurant was really good too. We only ate there for lunch. Good service. I would stay here again. Great couple getaway.	
Aug 23 2008	Comfortable and great location	Very comfortable room.Great location. Lots of good restaurants nearby. Walking distance to lots of sights, and easy to get to transportation.Friendly and helpful staff.Furnishings were high quality.	
Aug 16 2008 	Great stay at the Wyndham	The Wyndham Hotel is located 1/2 block from the Magnificent Mile. We had a great experience at this hotel. We stayed in a non-smoking room with a single king-size bed. The rooms were clean, comfortable and you couldn't ask for a better location for a first-time visit to Chicago.The Concierge made our stay in Chicago a great one. Great tips on what to do in the city and they made reservations for us whenever we needed them. This by far was one of our best mini-vacations we have ever had and the Wyndham had a lot to do with it.	
Jul 24 2008	bed bugs	The beds were both uncomfortable and had bed bugs! When I woke up after a very unrestful nights sleep the matress was exposed and my feet and ankles had been bitten numerous times. I counted over 25 bites on one foot and leg.	
Jul 21 2008 	Above Average...but I've had better in Downtown Chicago	Came down with girlfriends for two nights in December to see the Oprah show and do some Michigan Avenue Christmas shopping. We wanted to save on money so four of us gals figured we could cram into one room for two nights. The beds however were way too narrow for grown women to share, I'd say a little bigger than a twin size bed. Really unacceptable for a standard room. People expect at least queen sized beds. Anyway, we managed and I guess other than the narrow beds it was otherwise good. I stayed at the Sheraton a few months earlier for about the same price and have to say the Sheraton offered so much more. Given the choice I'd take the Sheraton any day over the Wyndam. If you can get a good cheap last minute deal with the Wyndam then you'll probably be satisfied, however, if you pay more than $200 per night for this place you've been had.	
Jul 15 2008 	Great Hotel	Great Location, in walking distance to the best shopping of the Magnificent Mile and great restaurants. The Hotel is beautiful, we had a 2 double bed room which was quite large, the bedding was fabulous and the beds very comfortable. Marble bathroom and dressing area. Highly recommend, and we are very picky!	
Jul 1 2008 	Great location	I was able to get the Wydham on priceline for $75/night. What a great deal! The hotel is nice and close to many restaurants and shopping. We walked EVERYWHERE. It was a great way to spend a few summer nights in Chicago. Yes, you hear ambulances go by and the view isn't all that great but for $75, I can't complain. Our intentions weren't to stay in the hotel but to enjoy Chicago and the Wyndham provided a nice place to sleep at night. The beds were big and comfortable and the room was clean. We will definitely stay at the Wydham again.	
Jun 21 2008 	Read on...	I booked this room through Priceline. Why would anyone pay $260 + $40 tax when on Priceline you can get a four star room for $80 + tax for this hotel? I checked into this hotel on a Thursday night; I arrived at the hotel counter only to find the hotel attendant on a personal phone call; he neither smiled at me nor did he end his conversation for quite some time. After a while, all he said was sorry in a neutral tone; I proceeded to ask for a king size bed (instead of two double beds) and was told that none was available. (Incidently, when I went to ask the hotel attendant recommendations for restaurants in the area, he told me to ask the concierge, without even realizing that no one was staffed at the concierge desk.) I was disappointed that I was given the room right next to the elevator, especially when young children screamed nonstop in the elevator lobby when I was attempting to sleep. It goes to say that I did not exactly have a peaceful night's sleep in this hotel. What's more is that there was some rattling noise from the air conditioning. I set the room to a comfortable 70 degrees; however the level of noise was annoying, especially when you are trying to sleep.For a four star room, the beds were not as comfortable as they should be. They seemed to be &quot;over used.&quot; As for the furniture, most of it seemed worn even if it would considered to be elegant. I was also disappointed that the televisions were not plasma screens. The bathroom, however, was wonderful. Granite counters, spacious floor plan, &quot;spa&quot; toiletries, and a nice shower system helped to counter the problems with the room. Overall, I would stay here again if I can get the Priceline rate. Otherwise, I would not!	
May 25 2008 	Wyndham is a new Chicago favorite!	We spend a few long weekends every year in Chicago and this time, we opted to try the Wyndham Hotel with our two young children (7 and 9). We had a lovely experience. The hotel is immaculate (and, if you were to ask my husband, I'm ridiculously fussy), the room was clean and bright (moderately sized, great linens, large and clean bathroom), the pool was small but terrific (with adjacent locker rooms as well as unisex sauna and steam rooms) and the workout room was great (it even opened 10 minutes early - at 5:20 a.m. I often am frustrated by workout facilities that don't open early enough). The best part? The location. It was amazing to us that just one block off Miracle Mile, traffic can diminish so considerably (in fact, the intersections around the Wyndham are marked by stop signs, not traffic lights). The Wyndham is amid high-rise residences, hotels, and office buildings, but quaint and so quiet at ground level. A larger Corner Bakery (a breakfast favorite) is across the street with indoor and outdoor seating. TGI Fridays is down the street, as are other eateries (but, again, you're just a block off Miracle Mile and blocks from Rush Street, so the eating and shopping opportunities are endless). We also liked that it is located about midway (north/south) on the Mile, making everything so convenient. Wyndham staff members were exceedingly polite and helpful, from the doorman to the concierge and front desk. Always holding doors, asking if we needed help, talking to our children -- just great. (When we arrived, we were given a room with a view of a concrete wall and asked to be moved, which was done without question. Our new view was great -- and just a few floors up. The room was a bit larger, too.) We didn't eat in the hotel restaurants, but they were crowded at meal times - a good sign. If there was any drawback (and I'm not sure this even qualifies), it's that the hotel doesn't have a large lobby. While it's elegant, it doesn't invoke the opulence (or hum with the activity) of some of the larger or older hotels (like the Drake or the Intercontinental). But, it's lovely (marble floors; curved staircase, pianist at the baby grand, elegant furniture) and quiet.The Wyndham is a new Chicago favorite for us.	
Apr 26 2008	Nice Hotel But Noisey	This was the third time I have stayed here and have been satisfied each time. The rooms are clean and comfortable and the bathrooms are very large- for downtown chicago.The service is good and the rates are usually better than most. I booked a room with a king sized bed thru the hotel web site for $160 per night.My biggest complaint is the hotel's close proximity to Northwestern hospital. If your room is on the hospital side you will her ambulances, usually several per night. A minor annoyance is the need to take one elevator to get to the lobby and then change elevators to get to your room.In the category of Mich. ave area hotwels for under $200 per night I think this hotel is one of the best. Over $200, I'd look at Sofitel or Omni.	
Apr 15 2008	Timeshare scam warning!	After staying at this Hotel we were lured into buying into a timeshare promo with Wyndham Vacations. We got a call after a couple months asking how we enjoyed our stay. They took $89 from us. I called 2 days later to get our money back. We did not get our money back and amazingly there is no record of my call. They refuse to give me back my $89. I have gone as high as the corporate office and have filed a complaint with the Missouri Attourney Generals office. There are multiple complaints against Wyndham Vacations! Stay away!	
Mar 31 2008 	Nice Clean No views	Booked two nights for short family trip to explore City. Location great except for hospital next door drew a contant flow of ambulances (sirens). Hotel very clean, room was nice. Marble bathrooms, granite tops. Exterior windows dirty, and really no good views. We changed rooms shortly after check in, but second room view wasn't any better. Food price really expensive, but found serveral reasonable resturants nearby. (WEST EGG was favorite) Oh, the pool .... was about the size of a standard hotel room, but kids didn't seem to mind. Bar made great cozmos. You'll drop $30 for two with tip. Ouch!No frig in room made bringing resturant leftovers back impossible. Over all, OK, but I will try another place next time.	
Mar 28 2008 	Yuck	I stayed here for business last month and fortunately it wasn't MY money I was spending....It started with my arrival...my flight had been VERY delayed out of Seattle due to a snowstorm in Chicago, so I arrived around 9:30 p.m. tired and hungry. The three young women at the front desk were discussing their &quot;myspace&quot; profiles and hardly looked up when I arrived. They gave me my room key and I asked them &quot;is there somewhere in the hotel I can get food?&quot; They said &quot;oh yes, you can get food in the bar until 10:30!!&quot; I thanked them and went up to my room.They had put me in a &quot;suite&quot; but it was a smoking room and smelled TERRIBLY of smoke (I had specifically requested a non-smoking room and paid extra for it!) I went into the bathroom and found it disgustingly dirty. Someone had clearly been sick on the toilet and it had NOT been cleaned since...it was disgusting. The towels in the bathroom were also dirty, with hair stuck to them and crumpled on the hangers as if they'd been used and then hung back up.I called the front desk and the girl said she'd send someone up. I waited 10 minutes and someone showed up with a long metal pole to &quot;unclog the toilet&quot;. I explained the situation to the man at the door and he told me I'd need to call back downstairs. When I did, the girl said &quot;I just sent someone up to unclog it!&quot; and I had to spell out for her what the exact nature of the probelm was. They sent someone else up 10 minutes later to clean the bathroom. The man who cleaned the bathroom said &quot;it' looks like somebody has been in your room since it was cleaned!&quot; as if it was very normal.When I finally made it down to the bar it was about 10 p.m. They told me they had stopped serving food a few minutes before. I told them I had been told they were open until 10:30. They shrugged and told me some local places that had food at this hour (there was a snowstorm...I didn't really feel like walking 5 blocks for food). I was very annoyed because I would have eaten first if I'd known they were closing.So I went to bed quite hungry (the front desk girls hadn't offered me a mini-bar key or else I would have at least had a snack) and couldn't sleep most of the night since my pillows reeked of cigarettes. Blech.The next day I complained at the front desk and was moved to a new room which was great...but the first night was a total disaster. I won't be staying here again if I can help it!	
Mar 28 2008 	Pleasant Experience @ Wyndham	Just got back today from a 3 day stay in Chicago. We switched our hotel last minute to the Wyndham, based on a good rate from Expedia, and the fact that my 7 year old insisted on a pool. The hotel check -in was very easy, although we were told at check-in that they could not honour our Wyndham By Request membership, since we had booked through Expedia. The front desk however, was nice enough to give us a &quot;club room&quot; on the 16th floor, without the benefits of the club services. We found the room to be more than adequate. It appeared to have new carpet, 2 double beds with duvet bedding and a small tv. Being that we were there during Spring Break, the hotel was packed with other families, and the pool was jammed with kids - much to my chagrin , however to my kids' delight. I think my ears are still ringing with the sound of kids screaming and the roar of the jacuzzi! Our concierge &quot;Russell&quot; was very helpfull with suggestions. TIP: If you plan to go to the Rain Forest Cafe, make sure to phone in advance reservations! Playing it by ear cost us 1.5 hours of wait time!!!! Overall- we found the hotel to be nice enough to return, and more than deserving of their 3.5 star rating. We did not eat breakfast in the cafe, instead used the miniscule coffee maker to heat water for our instant oatmeal, and hot cocoa. 2nd note: the club floor bathrooms must be designed for very tall people. My 7 year old couldn't reach the bathroom sink. Luckily she has great balance, so we inverted the plastic trash can and used it as a 'step stool&quot;. We also loved the shampoos and soaps provided by the hotel. I also liked the make-up mirror in the bathroom. My kid thought the first floor lobby was very fancy - although from a space planning point it seems inefficient since you either have to climb the grand stairs, or take an elevator to get to the lobby! Our overall experience was lovely and we would recommend this Wyndham Hotel.	
Mar 25 2008 	Nice but the nickel and dime stuff is annoying.	I booked this hotel because it was listed as a &quot;good value&quot; and &quot;customer favorite&quot; on Hotwire; we booked Holy Thursday-Easter Monday, 2008. I was happy to learn I'd booked the Wyndham, a chain I am usually pleased with.The hotel is about a block off Michigan Ave. in the Magnificent Mile/Streeterville area. It's an easy walk to Watertower place and a reasonable walk to the loop. We used both the El and bus to visit other parts of Chicago, and found bus stop and the underground station at Grand easy to locate within a short walk.Valet parking is expensive—$44 a night, I think. We opted to self park for around $35 a night about 1/2 a block away, in the ramp on St. Clair, adjacent to the Courtyard by Marriott.The hotwire rate did not include breakfast, although I think some of the packages booked directly with the hotel do. There were apples and mints at the front desk, but not coffee service, something we've experienced at other 4 star hotels. There was a mini-bar and small coffee pot in the room, with some pedestrian no-brand coffee; no stirrers, sugar, etc. There is a tiny Starbucks with a perpetually long line across the street (next door to the Parking Garage mentioned above), a Dunkin Donuts steps away and a Corner Bakery and Panera very near. The room itself was fine. We were on the 14th, nee 13th floor; we figured that's where they hide the hotwire cheapskates. If we peeked around the tall buildings, we could see the lake. The room had two double beds w/ down comforters and pillows; an upholstered reading chair w/ table; and a desk with a lovely aeron chair—easily the most comfortable piece of furniture in the room. Wyndam has not yet abandoned amoires, as many of the upscale hotels are doing, nor have they upgraded to flat screen televisions. The room felt a little cramped w/ all the furniture in it. (In fact we moved the occasional table to the closet because we couldn't otherwise set up a cot for the teen we had in tow.) The cable package was limited to a handful of choices, but what the heck, we didn't go to Chicago to watch TV . . The phone on the night table did not work.This must be a hotel that, in general, caters to business travelers with expense accounts. Internet service was something like $10. a day in the room, and a whopping 35 cents PER MINUTE in the business center. We walked to Panera and/or the Apple store (both within blocks) where we could, at no charge, check our email and look up (and write down) information on the places we wanted to visit. The concierge printed my boarding pass for free, but I had to pay to sign on (note, credit card machine attached to computer does not take American Express) and look up my reservation number, which I'd forgotten to bring with me. I requested a cot for my teen-aged son and gulped when I learned it would cost me $20 a night extra. However, this charge was never posted to my account. The cot only fit in one spot in the room—between the bed by the window and the desk, provided we moved the aeron chair out of the way. We stood it up each morning so we could move freely around the room.There is no charge to use the gym (which surprised me); it had a changing room, showers, and a decent selection of treadmills, bikes, etc. and free weights. It was never crowded when I used the facility.The hotel has a tiny, shallow (4 feet at the deep end) pool, hot tub, steam sauna and dry sauna. The pool was crowded all weekend, even the hot tub was full of very young children (toddler to early elementary) splashing around w/ their parents. The pool area was not monitored well by the staff; dirty towels piled up in and around the hamper. On several occasions we had to dry off with the hand-sized towels from the attached gym because there were not clean towels in the pool area. By and large, the concierge staff was helpful and friendly, if their knowledge of the city was limited to the tourist spots. (Our query for directions to the Benedictine Monastery south of the loop (roughly 31st and Halsted), in the Bridgeport neighborhood, was met at first with a blank stare and then with an explanation that they don't know a lot about &quot;the suburbs&quot;. They suggested we buy a city map at the nearby Walgreens. We found directions online, during a visit to the Apple store.)The room was clean, and housekeeping honored our request to be &quot;green&quot; and keep our towels and sheets for our entire stay. The water was hot and water pressure fine. The toilet has a loud whooshy flush that might wake the dead.The Wyndham must do big business with their American Girl weekend package; the hotel lobby was full of AG bag toting parents with glazed looks, accompanied by 7-9 year old girls clutching America Girl dolls. (Note to parents of boys in the same age bracket: there is a LEGO store in a mall on Michigan Ave., I forget where precisely, but it's several blocks before Wabash.)	
Mar 22 2008 	Downtown Chicago	The Wyndham is one block off Michigan Ave if you're looking for shopping. Getting here was an easy drive, despite all the one-way streets in downtown Chicago. We found parking a small problem when we tried to unload our luggage, as there is not a drive through area off the street like we often find. However, the bellman and others working the street were helpful and anxious to get our bags out of the snow and into the hotel.Upon check-in at about 2:30 p.m. we were told no rooms were available with the 2 double beds we had requested. They were going to give us a room with a King and a hide-a-bed. Having done that already this trip, we opted to stand firm and wait until a room with 2 double beds became available. The person at the front desk was pleasant and figured out a way to make it happen. I over-heard the person next to me checking in though. She did not stand firm in her request and was given a room with a King and a hide-a-bed, which didn't make her happy.We strolled around downtown Chicago, enjoying all it has to offer, so the time went quickly. When I returned at 4 p.m. as requested, the room was ready and our bags were quickly delivered to the room by a very pleasant bell hop.The room is nice - comfortable bedding and soft towels. Most of the hooks holding the shower curtain were not hooked, so I fixed that while in the shower. We were also not given 2 soaps, so had to use the small one from the sink area for everyone to shower with. And there was no shampoo, only conditioner. All in all, no major problems, but just a lack of attention to detail. We had everything with us to get ready for the day, so I did not ask housekeeping to deliver more soap. The downtown location is great for general touring of Chicago. It's also just about 20 minutes to the airport. I've been to Chicago many times and would stay at the Wyndham again.	
Mar 5 2008 	Nice place in convenient location	The Wyndham is vey well located near Magnificient Mile and not far, even walking, from a lot of places of interest.Staying several days in 2 bedrooms we were updated to huge comfortable suites. But it would have been OK anyway for the internet price we had got.However the fan in the bedroom is a bit noisy, may be to hide traffic noises especially to the adjacent Northwestern hospital. On 17th floor traffic noise is not a problem...We dit not try the restaurants but there is a Corner Bakery, a Subway etc just at the door, and close other restaurants	
Mar 5 2008 	Great	Sorry for getting this review in a bit late.I stayed 3 nights in October as I was attending a conference at North Western University.I really didn't spend a lot of time in the room as I was either on conference, walking the &quot;Mile&quot; or oogling over what I wanted to buy in the Apple Store - love that place.I had 3 breakfasts there, but no lunches or dinners. The breakfast buffet was lovely - but it's pretty hard to screw up a breakfast buffet. I did not use the bar, the pool or the fitness facilities. I can tell you that the room was excellent, I loved the location and the service could not have been better - very helpful, polite and competent. The rate I got (from the University) was a steal - $189 per night. I have no idea what the regular rate is though. Hope this helps.	
Feb 25 2008 	The Best Hotel near the Mag Mile!	Our weekend was FANTASTIC! Myself, my sister and two friends went back to The Wyndham this past weekend for a &quot;Girls Getaway&quot;. This is our second year choosing this hotel for our winter vacation spot. Why do we keep going back? Well, besides the friendly accomidating staff that they have and the comfortable and clean rooms... it's their concierge staff! Russell is absolutely fabulous! Last year, when we arrived for our first trip he could NOT have been any more kind, funny, knowledgeable, helpful or obliging to us! Our weekend was top notch! It was mostly because of Russell. He helped us find a lovely restaurant, a place to have our spa treatments, and many other tips! This year's weekend was also out of this world! Russell and the rest of the concierge desk is the heart of the hotel and they are impeccable. They greet everyone and are sincerely concerned that you have the best, visit the best and attend to your every need.In my travels in the U.S. and abroad I have never met a concierge like Russell. I have for the past year sent many of my family and friends to thathotel telling them to consider no other and will continue my recommendations. Thank you for your time in reading this email.	
Feb 22 2008 	Nice for business	I stayed at the Wyndham for one night on a business trip. The hotel was clean and classy, very quiet, and had a fantastic location. One of my colleagues ended up in a very nice upgrade because of a byrequest membership, I'd highly recommend getting one. My room was a nice size with a great desk and a very comfortable chair. The hotel had very nice soap and shampoo in the room and nice high ceilings which made the room feel spacious. We went to the hotel bar also which was very nice, but extremely overpriced. I used the business center which wasn't free (Free internet with the byrequest membership) but was fast and had a couple computers with a printer.	
Feb 15 2008 	Great choice	If you want a nice hotel for business or pleasure this is an excellent pick. I stayed here while I was on business but then stayed a few extra days for fun. Its a very nice hotel for the money and in an excellent location. So if you are doing touristy things its perfect. Walking distance to the Handcock building and Michigan Ave shops. Short cab rides to all the great bars and restaurants. I would definately stay here again.	
Jan 26 2008 	Great deals on a great hotel!	We have been fortunate twice now to get a fabulous rate of $75 at the Wyndham through priceline. Both times I've been very impressed with this hotel. First, the location is fabulous. Though not directly on Michigan AVE, it's only about a block over, with a Corner bakery kitty corner, and you are positioned perfectly along the shopping areas once you do hit Mich. AVE.The hotel itself is lovely, and clean. Feels upscale without being over the top. The rooms are more than adequate. They are not large, but definitely bigger than some of he downtown Chicago hotels.. Bedding is comfortable, and the rooms are well appointed.There are two downsides to the hotel. 1. the parking is valet only, and is a bit more expensive as a result. Still given the great rates I've got on priceline, it has evened out to a good deal. Plus the valets have always been quick and friendly. 2. The way the hotel is set up creates an extra step when you enter as you have to use the stairs or elevator to go up a level and then you have access to the elevators that take you to your room. Not a bit deal, but when you're tried after being out, it's a bit of an extra step.	
Jan 24 2008	Good Location	We went to Chicago for New Years and had a great time, the hotel was close and walkable distance to shops and restaurants.The staff was very friendly and they gave us a nice room according to all our requests. Overall it was a great stay.	
Jan 14 2008 	Could be better could be worse	I got a great deal at Wydham's site and their pictures looked amazing. We called a day ahead of time and told them we were requesting early check-in and they said they would have the room ready by 11:00 am. We arrived at noon and were greeted by some snotty young woman in her early 20's who informed us that we were &quot;lied to&quot; and that all check-in's were at 4:00, no exceptions. I was quite taken back at her [--] attitude but didnt let her get under my skin.  We came back at 4:00 and they informed us that our room was given away and the only room was available was a handicapped room that was significantly smaller than what we booked. Not knowing what I know now, I took the room.  The room was small and not exactly upscale from what their photos portrayed at their site. The furniture was demolished and looked like it was hit by many-a-wheelchair. The bathroom was huge, but the accessible bars were loose and got in our way. Outraged, we switched rooms the second night to what we were supposed to have and enjoyed the rest of our stay. Other than the room snafu, it was a very good hotel.	
Jan 4 2008 	Another great stay in the Wyndham	This was my third stay in the Wyndam in 22 months, anytime we travel to Chicago, it's where we stay. Check in was super-fast, they had it all waiting for us, even though we were there earlier than the normal check-in time. Our room was spotless, and my By-Request welcome pack was waiting for me in the room. The staff, as usual, were polite and efficient, but Russell, the concierge, goes beyond that! He's an excellent concierge, and a font of knowledge for all you might want to know/do in Chicago! The rooms are spacious, and the beds..bliss. Very comfortable. Lovely big bathrooms, with great amenity packs. Lots of towels also. The location of the hotel is perfect, five mins from Michigan Ave, and plenty of good restaurants nearby. We had breakfast one morning in the hotel, it's lovely to sit looking out two floors up over the street, but we usually get our breakfast directly across the road in one of the Corner Bakery chain.Staying there three times in 22 months, and will stay there in the future says it all - I don't even look for an alternative hotel at this stage, the Wyndham is perfect!	
Dec 29 2007 	Nice Stay at the Discounted Price	My 18-year old daughter and I stayed at the Wyndham-Chicago 12/25/07-12/28/07. We booked through Priceline about two months in advance and got an awesome rate ($75.00/night). After booking our room, I immediately signed up to be a &quot;Wyndham-by-request&quot; member, so that our stay would be extra special. Upon arrival to the hotel, however, I quickly learned that despite my &quot;by-request&quot; membership, I was instead going to forever be &quot;the guest who paid through Priceline.&quot; This was pointed out to me by more than one Wyndham employee (very politely) . . . like I needed reminding or something. Because of the way we booked, we were denied all of the perks that other &quot;by-request&quot; members automatically received. In addition, I saw that all of the other guests were enjoying complimentary breakfasts at the hotel's buffet - but not us. That being said, I crunched the numbers and discovered that even if we had purchased each of the extras that were complimentary to other &quot;by-request&quot; members, we would have still come out ahead by booking through Priceline. The upside: We stayed on the 6th floor, facing west, which was nice since the hospital, and all of the emergency sirens, were on the north side across the street. The room was surpisingly large, with an oversized bathroom. Very nice! The bed linens were oh-so-comfy. The housekeeping staff was prompt and efficient. The hotel lobby was beautiful, with a winding staircase leading to the check-in desk on the 2nd floor. All-in-all, it was a comfortable and aesthetically pleasing environment. The downside? The carpet in our room was wrinkling (poor installation) and the TV looked older than my 1999 discount-store no-name cheapie. The room's walls didn't block alot of noise from adjacent rooms. The work-out room on the 4th floor was small and had bad views of nearby rooftops. The pool was teeny-tiny: maybe 10' x 17' - about the size of two lap-lanes at my community center. The hot tub was average size. Due to the crowds, we didn't use any of these amenities.The Wyndham is located just one block from the Magnificant Mile shopping corridor, super convenient. We were walking distance from everything. We would shop, then swing by the hotel to drop off our stuff, and shop some more. We were a 15-minute walk from the Navy Pier (tourist trap), and a 6-minute bus ride from the The Chicago Institute of Art (must see!). I found the Wyndham was an affordable way to enjoy Chicago during a very busy time of year (courtesy of Priceline!). It was a pleasant hotel with a great location. But if someone wanted to visit Chicago, and was willing to pay top-dollar, regular rates, I would strongly suggest staying somewhere else. The Wyndham was worth what I paid, which is why I gave it 4 stars. If I'd paid the going rate though, I would have felt I paid too much and would given it a 3-star rating.	
Dec 25 2007 	Amazing hotel	Excellent location in the heart of Chicago. Large rooms and the staff treated us very well. Can't wait to be back	
Dec 19 2007 	fine for the price	We actually booked this hotel with the help of Prentice Hospital where our daughter was having a baby. They will arrange with local hotels to give discounts for people using the Northwestern Hospitals. The rate was very good for the hotel. The best thing about the hotel was the staff who were VERY gracious and accomodating. Yes, there are pretty frequent ambulance sirens - you are next to the Medical School/hospitals campus. Otherwise the location is great - in the center of everything. The rooms were standard, the beds not very comfortable (maybe the mattress we had was old - very creaky springs, and I like very good quality sheets), the tv options less varied than in Caribbean resorts. The pool was somewhat small - not really geared to swimming. We did not eat at the restaurant, so I can't comment on that. Again, the best things about the hotel are the proximity to the hospitals and the warmth and helpfulness of the staff.	
Dec 19 2007 	Great stay at the Wyndham	My husband and I spent a night at the Wyndham to do some holiday shopping on Michigan Ave. The location is perfect in the heart of the shopping area on North Michigan Avenue. We got a great rate for this hotel on Expedia, and, because the hotel's computer system was down when we checked in, we were upgraded to a suite! The room was large, clean, and nicely appointed. We had dinner just across the street at Viand (in the Marriott) and we'd definitely recommend that place. If you're driving, I'd also recommend using the hotel valet service (if they have one). We didn't and paid $56 for an overnight at a self-park down the block.	
Nov 25 2007 	Amazing Hotel for the price!!!	I booked this hotel, never having stayed at a Wyndham property, stricltly for the location. We came in on Thanksgiving Day at the last minute as my sister was having a baby at Northwestern Memorial Hospital, which is across the street. Besides this hotel being in a perfect location just off Michigan Avenue, it was amazing. Spotless, absolutely fantastic and attentive staff, beautiful room....I could go on. We were allowed an early check-in as well as a late check-out because I enrolled in the Wyndham ByRequest free program. This is a neat offer, as you select your choices before you make your reservation, and there is a welcome snack waiting for you in your room. Ours was a bottle of Merlot, cranberry juice, a round of Gouda cheese and some crackers. They even brought up a plate with silverware and a napkin. Our entire one night visit was wonderful, the staff couldn't have been nicer, and I was just in awe that for $143 I got a 5 star 700 sq ft two room suite. What a great surprise! I will absolutely remember this hotel if I ever need to stay in Chicago again. I may even book for next year on Thanksgiving, just for the ease of getting to Michigan Avenue for shopping. It was literally steps away from all the action.	
Nov 19 2007 	Heart of Chicago!	Our 1 night stay at the Wyndham was very nice; can't beat the location which is in the heart of Chicago and steps from the Magnificent Mile and very close to Navy Pier!We had 2 standard rooms which were nice, clean, and comfortable (very comfy beds!). Bathrooms were very clean and had Bath &amp; Body toiletries; great showers! Carpet in one room was a little worn with a few stains but nothing horrible. The views weren't exceptional but we were on the 4th floor.Staff at the Wyndham were all extremely nice and helpful! Check- in is at 4 but we were able to get into one of our rooms about 2 which was nice.We had joined Wyndham by Request for the perks, but were told because we had booked through Hotels.com the By Request does not link into them so we weren't given the extras that we had heard about (but not a big deal).We parked one or two blocks down at a Self Park garage which was cheaper ($34 for 24 hours I believe).Overall it was very nice for the 1 night and reasonable for the location.Restaurant on-site is a bit pricey; ate breakfast at the West Egg Cafe which is around the block on Fairbanks- good food w/quick service!	
Nov 17 2007	Looks nice but I never stayed there they just charged me for the room	I made a reservation here and ended up finding a better deal elsewhere, so I called not once, but twice, to cancel my reservation. When I called the second time to cancel, I was told by the front desk that I did have a reservation, only to be told by the reservation person that no, in fact my reservation had been cancelled and I was all set. A week later the room charge showed up on my credit card statement. I called the hotel, and after being given the run-around by both the front desk and the reservation line, I was transferred to the accounting department, where I have since left 3 unreturned voicemail messages about having the charge removed. Dispicable customer service from what otherwise seems like a reputable hotel. They need to get their act together and coordinate their computer systems or something.	
Nov 10 2007	one of the nicer hotels I've stayed in for the price	My boyfriend and I decided to go to chicago on a whim. We had like 3 days to get all our booking in order. We took the train to get there, and booked through priceline to get our hotel. We were very happy and surprised with the size and quality of the room from what we paid per night ( 85$)! There was a huge sitting room/ living room then another set of doors and a bedroom. I was concerned from my researching before we went that the hospital next door was going to be a down fall to this hotel. But we were soo active that we were at the hotel for only sleeping and like a quick change through out the day. We both heard like one siren, but nothing normal people couldnt handle. We slept well and really loved the room! we did decided one day to try to incorperate the pool in, but we went down and turned around and went right back to our room changed and went to a bar! the pool was laughable, it was tiny and it had like 10 kids in it so it wasn't worth even trying to go in! But we didn't go for the pool we went for sightseeing, so the Wyndham really fit our trip well :o)	
Oct 12 2007 	Best in Location and Experience	This hotel was one of the best hotel i ve stayed in and very good with the price and it pays to call this hotel direct and get a good price trust me.Very world class.	
Sep 30 2007 	Nice Hotel Good Location	Had a quick business trip to Chicago. Just stayed one night, but the hotel was really nice. I stayed in a corner room which had a huge window overlooking downtown Chicago. The room was very large with a king bed, pull out sofa couch, desk, and entertainment center. If you join Wyndham by Request, they will give you a welcome gift, as well as complimentary wireless internet access. The restroom was also huge, with granite countertops and very nice soaps and shampoos, etc. I really can't say anything but positive about my stay at this hotel, including how convenient the hotel is to the magnificent mile (just one block off of Michigan Ave.)	
Sep 25 2007 	Loved the Wyhdham Chicago	After reading the negative reviews about this hotel I got nervous booking our room but let me tell you, I am SO HAPPY that I didn't listen and we chose this hotel. My fiance and I stayed here for 3 nights. We flew in from NJ to go see the Bears game. We got to the hotel at 2pm and I know check in isn't till 3pm so I was a little nervous about checking in early but they gave us no problems what so ever. All the employee's were very nice &amp; always said hello. The room was great. We got a room with two queen size beds, which by the way were very comfortable. The comforter itself was to die for. (I don't know about the reviews stating to much noise, we never had a problem) The location was perfect. It's with-in walking distance to just about everything. Magnificent Mile is two blocks from the hotel. There are several bars, restaurants, 7-11's and delis around as well. Valet parking tells you to call them 30 minutes in advance which was true on Saturday but every other day it only took 15-20 minutes. And we've stayed @ several hotels in Chicago and that's pretty good. I am a referring travel agent with YTB and would recommend this hotel to any one of my client's. To book Cheap travel or to purchase your own travel website, please visit my website [--]	
Sep 2 2007	Great effort	We had a great stay at the hotel. The location was ideal and we used the Wyndham ByRequest option which customized and gave us an upgrade for our special trip. The best part of the stay was these extra touches, including the Wyndham ByRequest personalized service. I also appreciated that I was able to get the best rate for the room via their own website vs. a travel site. I don't know that I would stay at this location again however, since I'd likely want to try a new hotel, and there's no 'view' and the pool is too small. Also, the decor was a little impersonal and could have more character. Also, when it came time for checkout it was a bit past 11 and we couldn't use the online checkout which is frustrating.	
Sep 1 2007 	Perfect!	I booked this hotel based on reviews I read and am so happy I did! I spent 5 nights for a vacation trip to Chicago and had a wonderful time. This hotel is in the perfect location to walk or take public transportation to Michigan Ave shopping, sites, museums, lake, etc. The staff from the bellman, to the front desk, to the bartenders, to the concierge desk was fantastic. All very personable, helpful and knowledgable. My room was on the 11th floor, quiet and the bed was so comfortable! The food in the restaurant/bar was very good, though pricey. The hotel is located next to a Corner Bakery, TGIFridays, and very near Burrito Beach so I had lower cost food choices that were convenient. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Sep 1 2007 	Sweet!	Staying at places like Wyndham, Renaissance and Hilton makes is so hard to go elsewhere! Priceline accepted my bid and put me up for one Friday night at an unbeatable $94 rate. My early check-in (not arranged in advance) was swift, friendly and with a room as requested (king bed). No view to speak of, 6th floor if I recall, but a wonderful bed with down comforter, dozens of pillows and great mattress. Desk was too low, but the Herman Miller chair made up for it. The usual nuisance of paying for Wifi at upscale hotels was a sure thing, although there was a weak T-Mobile hotspot signal around (but it was too slow for VPN connections). Bathroom was all marble and big! Nice showerhead and good water pressure. No noisy fan and no fog problems either. Pool area was inadequate: Pool was about 30 x 12 ft, which is small - especially when unmannered kids want to share it with you. Hot tub was great. Sauna wasn't on and steam room was out of order. Too bad.I didn't eat at the hotel, neither room service or restaurant. Fairly pricey, as one would expect. Concierge was indeed helpful when I needed to do online check-in for my flight. Would love to return here, and now I know the building isn't nearly as scary as it looks on the website pictures. Really nice place, definitely a competitor to Renaissance and Hard Rock.	
Aug 28 2007 	Trickery 	On our 2 week journey across the country we stayed at many, many hotels (I'm writing from one now) and were particularily excited about the Wyndham in Chicago as it was the &quot;fanciest&quot; hotel on the trip. I'll never stay there again or any other Wyndham, In Chicago I usually stay at the Westin on Michigan Ave but the $135 room on the Wyndham website won me over and it looked very nice... BE PREPARED TO TIP A LOT! I am a big tipper and this hotel bled me dry. Be sure to carry plenty of $5's because unless you're walking into the hotel with no car and no bags, you'll need them. When you pull up there's a valet/bell guy who walks over to take your car and arrange for a bell hop ($5). But he doesn't actually bring the bags up OR drive the car, another guy pushes the cart to the room and unloads the bags ($5) and when we left there was a third guy who brought the car so have at least $30 in $5's for everyone. It was weird. I lived in L.A. for years and have stayed in 5 star hotels all over but this was a lot of people to tip.  P.S. it's a $44 charge to bring a car for them to park in a $20 garage, this too was unexpected. I've never had the charge be that high. This next thing is why I'll never stay there or at any Wyndham property again- When I booked the $135 room I made sure to read all the different room descriptions and pick the one that read &quot;In Room Internet Access&quot; AS OPPOSED TO &quot;Internet access for a fee&quot; rooms. When we got there and plugged in the laptop there was a prompt to pay $10.95 for 24hour access UNLESS you had the code. &quot;We must have to call to get the code&quot;, I said. The front desk disagreed. &quot;No one gets complimentary internet here&quot;. I went downstairs to try and print out my reservation that would clear this up but even the computers in the Business Center needed a credit card swipe to work!  The front desk wouldn't budge, even after bringing up the info on their computers they argued that while the description may be misleading they never said &quot;FREE&quot; and they never said they wouldn't charge me.....really Wyndham, seriously? The polite but frustrated argument went on for some time as I tried to convey that it was the misleading description and therefore my feelings of being tricked &amp; cheated and not the money. This man was polite but never made me feel better. I was a freak who was making a big deal over $10.95 and he didn't know what to tell me. I felt like tipping another $15 to get the hell out of there. He said they weren't even making the $10.95 because they hired out the internet to a third party so I shouldn't be upset at them, &quot;Uhhhh, I'm pretty sure Wyndham made SOME meager millions of dollars profit in that deal so don't go there&quot; and don't get me started on the $44 parking profit. He went to check with a manager and came back still with the same position but offering to comp me breakfast or buy me an in room movie to quelch my $10 thirst (it's not about the $10 you idiot!!!) I took the free breakfast with no shame. That, in fact, was the lonely high note of the stay. The breakfast buffet was lovely and reflected the image I'd had of the hotel. Nice spread, perfect raspberries and polite people. It's imteresting that the buffet was $18 and while it was nice it's wasn't an $18 breakfast buffet. They're overcharging for just about everything there. I'd SO much rather be charged another $80-100 on the room rate and have &quot;free&quot; internet access and breakfast included as well as parking! That'd be $72.95 they wouldn't have to pick at you for. No trickery needed. Wyndham lost me when they offered half the amenities of a Holiday Inn or Hampton Inn at a higher cost with uppity attitudes.  Like a few of the other reviewers I agree that the concierge was helpful and always there BUT I could find my own restaurant and metro stop if I had internet. The room wasn't as impressive as the Hampton Inn I stayed in the night before (honestly). We asked for a view or an upgrade when we booked, didn't get anything. The shower was tiny with low water pressure and if lower ranked hotels can buy the curved shower bars that keep the curtains from blowing against you why can't they? ALSO, I wasn't a big fan of check-in and out being on the second floor. Why? You have to walk up a big staircase or wait for an elevator to speak the front desk.	
Aug 22 2007 	nice place	Would definetly stay here again. Staff friendly, check in took all of 30 seconds. Sent an email a week ahead and asked for any available upgrades since my wife and I were staying for our anniversary. Was upgraded on the house to the executive suite, pretty nice and very large. Concierege was very helpful. Only draw back, was facing Northwestern Memorial Hospital, quite a few ambulances, but slpet fine. One block off Michigan Ave. so very excellent location for shoppers, close to red line for Cubs game, and Navy Pier not too far either. Everything was clean, no isues there at all. Parking was easy, about 2 blocks south, $32 for 24 hours.	
Aug 5 2007 	LOVED the Wyndham!	My husband and I just got back from a 4 day stay in Chicago at the Wyndham. This was our first trip to Chicago and we were celebrating our 10th Wedding Anniversary. I had read over 115 reviews before we left, so when we arrived I was not sure what to expect since I had read both positive and negative reviews.From the minute we parked to the time we checked out I can honestly say our trip was awesome. The entire staff we had contact with was excellent. They were very friendly, professional, efficient and helpful. Our room was very clean and had everything we needed. I'm not sure where all of the negative comments came from that were in the reviews. We were pleasantly surprised and our trip was absolutely perfect.We will go back to Chicago and when we do, we will return to the Wyndham.Melissa S. - Indiana	
Aug 4 2007	Management unconcerned by theft at the hotel	We had a terrible weekend at the Wyndham Chicago. Our room was not ready and we were asked to leave our bags with the bellhops. One bag was locked. Two hours later on our return, the bellhop handed us the padlock separately from the suitcase saying that the lock was found on the floor next to the cases in the storage area. When we got to our room we found that there was a ring missing from the suitcase that had been returned to us unlocked and immediately contacted hotel security. No one was interested in the situation and there was no evidence of any action or investigation. We had to chase the front desk manager, Tony, many times and there was no proactive follow up or contact by anyone. The following day we spoke directly to one of the bellhops who had been on duty at our arrival and he was totally unaware of what had happened suggesting that there was no investigation taking place. There was also no apology or empathy toward the situation. Even worse it was strongly suggested that I had mislaid the ring and that it was my fault although everyone agreed that it was strange that the bag was returned to me unlocked, even though it had been locked when it was given to the bellstaff! The hotel management did not seem surprised that something was stolen and stated that no missing item had ever been recovered in the hotel’s history. A message was left for the general manager to contact us but he never returned our call. This type of event (thieving, lack of response, etc) must happen often at the Wyndham Chicago because no one was at all concerned or alarmed. Far more upsetting than the ring being stolen (it did not have great monetary or sentimental value) is the total lack of response, concern, apology or empathy demonstrated by the Wyndham Chicago management.Prior to our arrival the Wyndham Chicago had given us the wrong type of room and, when I rang up to have this situation corrected, the reservations agent insulted me and then hung up! This should have been a warning to us. Don't stay at this hotel. Its location does not compensate or excuse the appalling attitude towards theft or customers.	
Aug 3 2007 	Room about average location great!	We stayed here in July, 2007, and we found the hotel just about average. The front desk staff was wonderful! Very friendly and helpful. Our room was OK, but we could hear the people in the room next to us very clearly, which was a little annoying, especially late at night when they came in. The carpeting could use a cleaning because it was stained in a few places. We liked the location very much, and that is a plus. We thought the price for parking was a little excessive, so make sure you ask about that if you drive into Chicago. It takes a long time to get your car out, so be sure to call at least 30 minutes ahead.	
Jul 31 2007 	If you want to sleep...go elsewhere!	We arrived @ then Wyndham early, and told that our room was ALMOST ready. Check in is at 3...so we came back @ 5:30...they sent us right to our room...which was being cleaned and we were asked to wait outside. Nope...I went down to the front desk and asked for another room. They agreed and sent us to ANOTHER room. Upon entering this room we were able to hear the ENTIRE conversation of the group next door as if they were in the same room! SO, I called the front desk and asked if this was normal and was told, yes, since the rooms were adjoining, we would be able to hear some noise. I asked to be moved...they obliged and sent us back to the OTHER room....which was now ready. Whew!Come bedtime, wow.....beds are springy and bouncy like something in a Best Western. My son, who is 18 and can sleep on anything, spent night #2 on the floor. We moved to the Hilton for the rest of our stay. On a positive note.....the food at the restaraunt was GREAT, as was the service.	
Jul 27 2007 	Smokyfor me too	Second stay there...last year went for American Girl package. This year, just went to visit the museums. Slightly worn hotel, but the sheets and towels are clean and I like sleeping under the duvet as opposed to those horrible velour blankets in most hotels. Squeaking in the ceiling continous from AC unit, like a cricket. I had ear plugs, and it did not bother my daughter, so we endured...the engineer could not seem to find what was wrong. Carpet in the room moderately stained this time around. And could see where they had scrubbed here and there. Had the maid in the hall wipe the room order menu off on our arrival as it had something hard and dry and non descript stuck on it. After the first night, someone checked in near by who apparently disregarded the nonsmoking room policy. I am very sensitive to smoke and could smell it the last two mornings there. Very good location, but pricey for the age and wear and tear. And yes, I have an upper respiratory infection now. Probably no vaction trips for a while, expensive, and the flying is no fun.	
Jul 23 2007	Beware the Wyndham Reservations on St. Clair Street	Three times to get reservations correct, first through general reservations, then twice speaking with local hotel reservation representative (who was rude and had the attitude &quot;stay or not&quot; and kept changing the rate with each conversation). Never received proper confirmation via email. When arrived, was given smoking room (reserved NS) and when room corrected, ended up with 2 beds vs King as reserved months in advance. Beware.	
Jul 22 2007 	A smoky stay.	To outward appearances, it's a nice hotel. A 4-star at best. Probably more of a solid 3-star. And I stayed there for business, so I didn't go by choice. Fortunately, I was given a huge suite, sadly, it was a smoking room. When I asked for something else, I was told that was all they had, and it was, very likely, not too bad. I took her at her word and tried the room, but frankly, I didn't get past the elevator before hitting a lung-choking wall of smoke. The room itself wasn't bad, but it wasn't acceptable either. I then easily got a non-smoking room from another clerk (huh?), and while the hallways on the non-smoking floor were STILL smoky, the room was okay. I guess my long winded point is to make SURE you get a non-smoking room.	
Jul 19 2007 	Great Location	Room was nice, view was not. We were in a corner room, but view was shaded by adjacent buildings. When we checked in, the front desk computers were down, so they wrote my name credit card number on a sticky note and added it to the pile of other people's numbers. Room could have been cleaner.When I contacted the concierge to plan a night out, they were not really familiar with the area and were of no help.The hotel is in a great location, near a lot of shopping and public transportation.Overall, the stay was good, and I would return to this property.	
Jul 16 2007 	Great Stay!	Just returned from a one night priceline stay at the Wyndham Chicago, it was great! The location is tremendous, though only a block off of the Mag Mile, it has a distinct cozy &quot;neighborhood&quot; feel to it. There is a myriad of excellent dining, shopping and entertainment choices within very easy short walking distance. Every staff member we encountered acted as if their job depended on how well the customer is treated. The room was smallish, spotless and very quiet.The bathroom very roomy and the bedding was fantastic. We could see the Emergency room entrance to the hospital out of our 14th floor window--but heard no sirens between the hour of 10pm-7am and nothing disturbed our sleep.We've had short stays at six different four* (Priceline) hotels in the Loop/N Michigan areas of Chicago in the last three years and The Wyndham is our new #1 favorite.	
Jul 5 2007	Unsatisfactory Customer Service	I have not stayed in the hotel due to my flight to Chicago being cancelled but one thing is for sure: the customer service is the worst, and I have traveled quite a bit.There were no problems getting a reservation but on the day of my travel, I found out that my flight was cancelled and I called the hotel to let them know that I won't be coming. Unfortunately, I didn't get the name of the person with whom I spoke but she had told me that as long as I fax them a statement with USAir logo that my flight was cancelled, they won't charge me, and so I didn't request the cancellation number.Later, when I spoke to the accounting department, the accountant have told me that I would need either a cancellation number or a statement from the airline. When I finally got the statement and faxed it to them, she refused to refund the $299 due to the fact that I didn't have the cancellation number and outright lied to me saying that they never said that the statement from the airline would be satisfactory. when I asked to speak to the supervisor, the accountant refused to connect me to anybody stating that no one can help me. When I called the corporate headquarters, they told me that this matter is up to the hotel to resolve. As a result, $299 was charged to my card. But the worst part is: the hotel staff lied to the customer!	
Jun 22 2007 	Nice but dated	Stayed there during a trade show a few weeks ago. Location is fantastic with easy walking access to restaurants, shopping, shows, tourist attractions, etc.My room actually got upgraded twice to an executive suite. While that was a nice touch after a few errors during check-in, there were a few problems with the room. First it was dark and sparsely decorated. Also, there were lights burned out in the bathroom and a hole in the shower curtain...nothing major, but little problems I feel like housekeeping should have noticed without me pointing it out. The rooms seemed to be in need of redecorating. Also, at a hotel this price it would be nice if internet access was included - I hate that I can get free internet access at a discount hotel, but get nickeled and dimed at luxury hotels.The staff was wonderful and very helpful. Concierge service was very knowledgeable and pulled strings to get us into a popular eating spot. They also sent appetizers to our table once there.I would definitely stay here again for business, but would not spend that type of money if travelling on my own dime.	
Jun 21 2007 	Wyndham are become my first choice	RECOMMENDED. Best deal via hotel website. The ByRequest program is one of the best in the industry and everyone should sign up. This property is showing some signs of age, but good maintenance throughout. Checkin was fast and friendly even though it was 11 a.m. Clerk noted rooms facing the hospital at lower floors might be a tad noiser. I was checked into a lower corner king.Large corner king room in general good condition. Furniture a mid to classic for me (most hotels moving to higher tech contemporary look), King bed very comfortable. Lighting was good. Bathroom in good condition and well illuminated. I encountered no problems. At night, traffic much lighter and quiet. Staff was very friendly during entire stay, housekeeping particularly nice offering to clean room as I exited one morning for breakfast.Property is 1 block off Michigan Ave, easy walk to numerous restaurants. Small gym with window view of city adequate for most needs. Taxis always available across street at hospital.Overall, a very good stay and an excellent choice for a business or a tourist visit.	
May 29 2007 	Great location	We recently stayed at this hotel and we were very pleased with a number of features. The location of this hotel is very ideal, only a block off Michigan Avenue at its most convenient location to the Water Tower, the State Street restaurant area, and Navy Pier a very walkable distance. We were offered an upgrade to a junior suite for a surprisingly low price, the bed was very comfortable, the bathrooms were spacious (with a stand-up shower) and an underrated feature was a temperature-controlled setting instead of the usual &quot;heat&quot; and &quot;cool&quot; thermastat. The concierge desk, although understaffed, was VERY helpful and patient...which helped us in choices for restaurants, tours, bookings, etc.The one drawback was the price on the food for room service. It definately kept the menu book closed throughout the whole stay for us! We typically look for that kind of thing when staying in a hotel, but it was a big turnoff how high the prices were...especially considering it's a 3-3.5 star hotel. Overall, the staff was friendly, rooms were very clean, location just fantastic and we would definately stay here again. Especially for the price we got it!	
May 19 2007 	Nice hotel could be a bargain	It's a very nice hotel. It's book-able through Priceline at times, where it could be an amazing bargain. Centrally located, a few blocks from Michigan Av / Magnificent mile, easily walk-able to Millenium Park, Art Institute, Grant Park, Lincoln Park, the Lake Shore, and Navy Pier.The beds were super comfy, the staff were nice. There are some nice places to eat in the area, lots of shopping, no free WiFi though, but I found few (no) Chicago hotel offered this.	
May 19 2007	Woudn't Do It Again	I had a unique situation - flew a redeye from Seattle and needed a hotel to nap and clean up before a later morning busines meeting. Wyndham offered a great rate. I showed up at 6 am to the following:&gt;No front desk staff. I could hear them in the office but it took a few &quot;good mornings&quot; before anyone bothered to come out.&gt;When I tried to check in they said &quot;we don't offer the thing you're talking about. check in is 3 pm.&quot; When I showed my confirmation they informed me that they were sold out and had no rooms. When I said I had a confirmation I got a shrug.&gt;Finally the manager came out and said the same thing. I again showed my confirmation number. She asked me to wait and disappeared. Came back 10 mins later and checked me in. But wasn't really pleasant about it.When I got to the room it had obviously just been made up, so they get a point for finding me something. The room itself wasn't special, which was fine because I wasn't staying long.Based on my experience I won't stay there on my next trip, which will be longer than a few hours. And I sure won't try the day rate thing again.	
May 10 2007 	Wyndham Chicago: worth the deep discount	We booked our one-night stay at the Wyndham through a &quot;deep discount site for $100.The hotel is beautiful. The location is one block away from the Mag Mile, so you're in prime tourist location. The interior of the hotel is gorgeous. Our room was clean, well-decorated. The bathroom was plain, strangely laid out and didn't seem up to par for a hotel like the Wyndham (more like a Holiday Inn bathroom, honestly) but the bed was incredibly comfortable and soft (thread count: 100000???). Our view was of....a big fat gray wall (we think maybe they gave us a less desirable room because we booked through the deep discount site?).We thought the hotel was beautiful, but for the listed price of this hotel (around $300 on a weeknight), it could have been WAY nicer. Internet cost extra ($11/day!!) and parking was $30/day. And don't even get me started on breakfast prices. Also, the staff was less than cordial most of the time, sometimes downright rude. For the listed price of the Wyndham, I think you could do better. However, if you're considering booking through a deep discount site like Hotwire or Priceline, then I think it's absolutely worth it.pros: beautiful hotel / nice interior, well-decorated rooms, comfy bedscons: boring/plain/unexceptional bathrooms, high fees for internet, breakfast and parking, cranky staff.	
May 8 2007 	It's all about expectations ...	My husband and young son stayed at the Wyndham for one night last weekend for a family event in town. We were lucky to get a room there (albeit at almost $300!), as most of the hotels in the city were sold out. The hotel is extremely well located to Michigan Avenue, which was the most important consideration for us.Given the Wyndham is technically a 3-star hotel, we weren't expecting much but were pleasantly surprised. The rooms were very clean though the amenities were &quot;ok&quot;(not luxurious, but fine) -- linens, pillows, bed, towels, etc. The rooms were furnished with a coffee maker (great for warming bottles) though it was a bit awkwardly placed in the entertainment cabinet. We were on a high floor, so we didn't experience any problems with noise.Service was a bit spotty - the bellmen weren't quick to collect our luggage or hail a cab, etc. But the people behind the check-in counter and in the restaurant were very friendly (maybe that's just true of Chicagoans compared to New Yorkers!) and helpful. The buffet brunch in the restaurant was also &quot;ok&quot;, but a bit expensive ($18) considering the quality. Next time, we'll probably check out Corner Bakery, which is just across the street.If you're looking for a convenient, clean place to put your head on a pillow in Chicago, the Wyndham is a good choice. When the city's not fully booked, the hotel is probably a good value, too.One tip: we found the cheapest rate on the hotel's own website (more than 10% better than the best pre-paid rate on Expedia).	
May 6 2007	Friendly Staff Comfortable One Night Stay	Got a great price on this hotel through Priceline. The location for downtown Chicago was perfect, the beds were very comfortable and I would definately stay here again. I'm not sure I'd call it a 4 Star hotel as far as luxurious and the amentities but it was very clean, bathroom was a good size, the staff was very friendly and helpful. I would definately stay here again.	
Apr 22 2007 	Great Location; comfortable bed	We (family with two children) recently stayed in a suite (American Girl Deluxe Package) at the Wyndham Chicago. The location was great; close to shopping, the train, and the lakefront running path. The suite was very large, and the bed was amazing. My daughter loved the gifts that came with the American Girl package. I would highly recommend joining the free Wyndham By Request Club (on their internet site). It gave us free Internet access (regularly 10.95 / day), and they had welcome snacks (cookies and milk for the kids and wine/cheese/crackers for the adults) waiting for us on our arrival.If you can, request staying on the side of the hotel away from the hospital. We heard ambulances throughout the night.	
Apr 6 2007	Loved our stay	I searched for days for the perfect hotel that met my criteria as faras location, price, room size and pool. I traveled with my husband and three teenage children to Chicago for a three day stay and could not find a suitable suite anywhere as I was booking late and it was spring break week. I read countless reviews and settled on the Wyndham ultimately because it seemed it would suit our needs....so we took a chance. And I was pleasantly surprised. I have stayed at some of the finest hotels in the world and I found this hotel perfectly fine. My children loved it! I ended up trying to booktwo different types of rooms on the hotel's web site through their web rates. I finally called the number listed for web rate information and she helped me get the rooms I wanted. We got a cornerking which I heartily recommend and a double room for the kids. The corner king was huge, and had non-rectangle dimensions, almost like a triangle. We had windows that covered one entire wall facing the front of the hotel. Yes, the sirens were constant but we got used to them after a while and they did die down by bedtime. They never woke me up and I am a light sleeper. The corner king room had a sofa bed as well which I wasn't expecting.The bathroom was huge as well but a bit cold for me and no way to heat it up. The temperature in the main room was easy to adjust however. The room had a large entry way with a table and lamp and large closet. The tv was in the typical armoire with minibar and coffee set up. There was a nice desk and ergonomic desk chair and a coffee table in front of the sofa. Even with the sofabed pulled out, the room was still spacious. We were very happy with our room. This room was large enough that the five of us could hang out withoutfeeling cramped, then at bedtime, the kids went to their own room which was just around the corner from ours. Their double double room was a little cramped but their bathroom was a nice size. Our beds were very comfortable. We did not use the restaurant as it was a bit pricey for a family of five. The bar was a very happening place the Monday night we arrived.We also did not use the concierge for anything but they always greeted us as we walked by. The pool area was small but big enough for a nice swim and the gym was a nice amenity.We ate breakfast at a place kitty corner to the hotel called Corner Bakery and there was a Friday's Restaurant a block away that the kids enjoyed. They also insisted on walking to Dunkin Donuts a block or so away. Michigan Avenue shopping is literally a short block away and that was the main reason I chose this hotel. We walked one evening to the Hancock Observatory, not far away at all.Parking was $44 a night and they add it to your final bill. We tried different ways of getting about. One time we left the hotel and then parked at the museums and that cost $15. The next day my husband thought he'd save money by taking a cab to another museum but it was $20 each way. It would have been cheaper to take the car out of the garage. Next time we'll explore public transportation! I liked havingthe car in the hotel lot but you cannot access it at whim. When we called for our car though, it was there in minutes. Overall, I really enjoyed this hotel and definitely would chose it again. We had no problems whatsoever and felt we got what we were looking for.	
Mar 29 2007 	Meh The Wyndham Chicago	My wife and I stayed at the Wyndham Chicago for 3-nights (Fri-Sun) in March 2007. We paid $90/night through [--]. We found it to be a rather average hotel that neither amazed nor disappointed us. The staff was helpful, but not really friendly. Our room was decent. It was clean and nicely decorated. The bed was comfortable, but the pillows were rather flat. Our room had a nice desk and chair as well as an additional recliner. The bathroom was fine, no frills, but nice enough. Several of the reviews on this site have mentioned outside noise as a problem (the hotel is located across the street from Northwestern Hospital) thus I requested a room on an upper floor away from the hospital side. I think I only woke up once from ambulance sirens as they seemed to taper-off after about 11:00 pm. I’m not sure if the room’s location helped or not. We didn’t try room service nor did we at the hotel’s restaurant so I can’t really comment on them.POSITIVES: The location; only a block off of Michigan Ave. the hotel is in a prime area of town.NEGATIVES: Noise from the hospital; No free internet (+/- $11/day)MY OVERALL IMPRESSION: I would never pay full-price for this hotel; however I am satisfied with my stay and feel that I got my money’s worth.MY RECOMMENDATIONS: -Request an upper-floor room away from the hospital side of the hotel. -Don’t pay full price.	
Mar 25 2007 	Great Hotel	I stayed here with 2 children for 4 nights in february and we had a wonderful stay.The room was reasonably sized(2 doubles).It had a big bathroom with great shower and was spotlessly clean.All the staff were very friendly to both myself and my children and were very helpful in suggesting restaurants and places to go.It is in a great location,1 block to Michigan ave and you can get a bus to just about anywhere from there.I would definitely stay here again	
Mar 6 2007 	4th Time--Still Love the Wyndham	My daughter and I have been staying at the Wyndham each winter for 5 years now, with one interruption when we tried the Omni. The main thing that keeps us coming back is the lovely bedding and comfortable beds. Also, the rooms are spacious and the location is great. We have stayed in a standard room, a couple different suites, and a corner king. I would recommend them all, but in the corner king rooms be aware that the emergency room of Northwestern University Hospitals is right below you and you will hear ambulances in the night--bring along a noise maker and you'll be fine. I have one minor complaint this year--for the first time, they didn't leave me a little bottle of wine for being a &quot;By Request&quot; member, and the formerly reasonable mini-bar prices had jumped up to what you normally find in other hotels. I used to love that their mini-bars had prices that encouraged you to buy from them rather than running down the block to White Hen. The staff is always very friendly and helpful. We'll definitely be back next winter.	
Mar 6 2007 	Nothing special	We were really looking forward to staying at the Wyndham as we've always heard it is one of the better hotels in Chicago. And maybe it was our heightened expectations which have left us a bit disappointed in the overall stay. We got a really cheap rate for our room through Hotels.com, and as we've learned on previous trips, that sometimes means you get the worst room in the place. Such was the case on this trip. We were the first room outside the elevators and our view consisted of a brick wall. The bed was not very comfortable and the pillows resembled half-emtpy sacks of flour. The bathroom, which was enormous, had no place to hang anything up. A hook on the back of the door would have been nice. And when they tell you to call the valet for your car 30 minutes in advance, believe them.	
Mar 6 2007 	- Excellent Hotel in the Windy City	This Wyndham was wonderful. We arrived at 10:30am and our upgraded spotless JS was ready to go. Our ByRequest goodies were there and we were all set. The room was very large and it had a nice city view and we could even see the lake. The staff was wonderful, friendly and very helpful. The hotel is on the second floor so you have to walk down a flight of stairs or take a short elevator ride to get to the ground floor. It is in a great location just a block from great shopping and a huge choice of places to eat. Try the Weber Grill for fun and a good meal. We spent four nights here and were very pleased with the accommodations and the hospitality. We have spent many nights checking out hotels and Wyndhams can be hit or miss this one was perfect.	
Feb 4 2007	good deal for suite after Christmas	This was the second time staying at the Wyndham. The rate after xmas between new year's was actually cheaper for a suite than a room which I stayed in June 06. Kudos to Russell, the concierge who helped me by phone prior to my stay and continued to do so during my stay. He was super! You can't beat the location of this hotel. I thought Corner Bakery was good for breakfast, but actually liked West Egg- down the street and to the right for great eggs, pancakes, fruit at really affordable prices. The hotel restaurant is a bit on pricey side but ended up there for late lunch during the hordes of tourists after holidays. The pizzeria, Due is really good in that they take your name and actually have the pizza out shortly after you sit down. Don't know if Unos does the same.	
Jan 29 2007	An Outstanding Hotel	I stayed in the Wyndham Chicago for one night and was completely happy with every aspect of my stay. I was immediately greeted as I arrived and all of the staff were great. The hotel and room were both very clean and the food at the hotel restaurant was excellent. As I said, the staff were very helpful and pleasant.This hotel is also in a great location. This was my first stay in Chicago and it was nice to find out I was only a block or two from the Magnificent Mile.I would definitely recommend this hotel!	
Jan 29 2007 	Great price for a very nice hotel	We booked through Travelocity for a 2 night stay in mid Jan. The rate was $107.00 per night for a Sat + Sun night stay. We ended up paying an extra $25 a night upfront to upgrade to a suite. the room was HUGE. It must have been about 800-1000 sq ft. It was very nice and the bed was quite comfy. Staff was helpful. Would definately stay here again. Located only about a block off the heart of Michigan Ave.	
Jan 24 2007	Wyndham	We recently stayed at the Wyndham for a family vacation to Chicago. The hotel is certainly geared for the business/convention visitor with room service and resteraunt prices that were well outside our budget. Having said that, the location is fantastic for exploring the Magnificent Mile. While the room was not particularly large for the four of us it was what I expected and was clean. There is a Corner Bakery straight across the road where we got our breakfast each day and Gino's East Pizza is only 2 blocks away (deep dish heaven!!). The kids enjoyed the pool although it is quite small and I could imagine it filling up quickly in the summer. The staff were friendly and helpfu. Overall a good stay but not a hotel particularly aimed at families.	
Jan 21 2007 	Great Hotel for the Price and Location	We just stayed at the Wyndham Chicago, great stay! Booked through the hotel website for $118 and joined the Wyndham by request club (definetely worth your time). Because we joined the club, we were upgraded to a large suite and received a cheese tray and beverages in our room. Hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. Short walk to Watertower shops. The only complaint-they could use to update some furnishings and linens. We asked for an extra blanket and pillows, they were delivered quickly but the blanket had stains and a hole. Other than that, nice lounge and restaurant for breakfast. Will stay again.	
Jan 15 2007 	Great Location BIG room	We had a huge room, it came in handy for four girls trying to get ready for a night out on the town. The staff was friendly, cabs were ready and waiting and we got a wonderful price by booking on priceline.com. The corner bakery is across the street and it offers a good inexpensive breakfast.	
Jan 14 2007 	Great City Great Hotel	Whilst staying with family in the chicago area, we spent a night at this hotel whilst shopping the Magnificent Mile.It's location is excellent (one block from the magnificent mile) and on public transport routes should you require.The staff were extremely friendly from the check in staff to the domestic staff cleaning the rooms. The room was lovely and a really good size for a city centre hotel.We booked a romance package which was good value and included sparkling wine and strawberries in our room as well as breakfast. The breakfast was however a little disappointing compared to other hotels we haved stayed at in the US. The choice was limited but of good quality.The hotel is near a hospital but we only noticed when walking back in the evening, and we didn't experience any disturbance from this.Overall, a great city, a great hotel. We would definitely recommend it.	
Jan 10 2007 	Nice Hotel Great Location	We stayed in a corner king room for $125 on a Friday and Saturday night. Got the price from their website that same Friday we checked in. The king room was large and very pleasant. The heat in the room seemed to operate really slow, we were cold upon checking in and it took a long time for the room to warm up but the rest of the weekend we were comfortable. The location is ideal, one block away from Michigan Ave. but on a quieter street. The intersection where it is at has stop signs instead of a signal which gives it a quiet, relaxed neighborhood feel. There is a hospital across the street on the north side but it didn't bother us. As the ambulances approach they turn of their sirens as they enter the hospital so you don't hear the constant wailing as an ambulance would pass by. We were on the 14th floor on the northeast corner facing the hospital. From this spot the only view was of other office towers across the street. We did not eat at the hotel restaurant but we did eat at the very good Corner Bakery across the corner and a good TGI Fridays half a block away toward Michigan Ave. We also ate at the California Pizza Kitchen 3 blocks away and went to the AMC 21 to the movies. Everything is convenient from this location. Quiet hotel away from main scene but still plenty close. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Nice relaxing hotel.	
Jan 2 2007 	Wyndham is nice but too pricey	Stayed in standard room which was clean, but no amenities. Alot of street noise-sirens all night (hospital is closeby). I was surprised that they put a 20% gratuity on our bar tab and also slipped in a few drinks that were not ours. Lesson learned is to pay cash in the bar next time and give a gratuity if you want to. They charge for absolutely everything, even local calls. I doubt we go there again after seeing our bill. They offer nothing special for the cost.	
Jan 1 2007 	New Year's celebration	Very nice hotel...classy atmosphere, however it was a bit pricey for what you actually get. Loved the lobby and the staff was very friendly and accomodating. The only thing negative we have to say is that the phone in the room didn't work, the wake up call was late and the shades didn't open to let us see the view of the city. We would definentely stay here again but probably not on a holiday with the higher rates because for the price we could have found a nicer hotel.	
Dec 29 2006 	nice but nothing special	We stayed at the Wyndham just after Christmas for $82/night (through priceline.com). It was a pleasant experience, though nothing to write home about. The room was spacious and well-appointed (two armchairs, writing desk with Aeron knockoff, plush bed with cushions, spacious bathroom with lots of towels), with an unspectacular view. The room must have been just above the kitchen or soomething, as it smelled of greasy bacon in the morning (through the AC system), which was quite unpleasant. We had breakfast at the Corner Bakery across the street, which is run by a spectacularly nice manager. The room was not exactly the cleanest I've ever seen (carpet), same holds for the bathroom (toilet seat), and I'm glad I didn't book it through the hotel's website for more than double the price. It's not a particularly stylish or interesting hotel by any stretch of interpretation, but it is fine, and very conveniently located (1 block East off Crate and Barrel on Mich. Avenue - also very close to the Hancock and, some will relate to this information more than others, to the American Girl Place - lots of children with dolls among the guests). The concierge gave us contradictory information on transportation to O'Hare Airport, but it all worked out in the end. An interesting fact: I had paid in advance and I wasn't supposed to see how much they charged priceline.com for the room, but they inadvertently slipped a notice under my door. Priceline had paid them $76 (plus tax).I found the fact that you had to take two elevators (or walk up one flight of stairs and then take an elevator up to your room) mildy annoying (especially if you're loaded with shopping bags), but for the price I won't complain. If I need a hotel near Mich. Avenue again and priceline sends me to the Wyndham again, it will be fine, but I wouldn't particularly SEEK to be placed in the Wyndham, and if I was looking for a romantic getaway, I'd not put my money on the Wyndham.	
Nov 24 2006 	Nice hotel--conveniently located--bit pricey	Thoroughly enjoyed my stay here. It was a little high--but I booked late and the city was almost full, so I understand why. The rooms were lovely, and the front desk staff was very, very nice. The upgraded my husband and me to a &quot;junior suite&quot; because, as the girl said, she likes people from Texas and it was available. That's never happened before! Very clean, nice ambience, friendly, considerate staff. The only weird thing is you enter on the ground level, take the elevator up to the second floor and then you have to get on another elevator to get to the rooms. Security? Maybe, but a little inconvenient. I would stay here again!	
Oct 5 2006 	Great stay at the Wyndham	Just returned from a 3 night stay, attending a business seminar. Excellent service, right from arrival. Very helpful and informed staff. Early check-in allowed. No hassles. Comfortable, clean rooms, with nice views of the city skyline, or Lake Michigan. Excellent meal at the Caliterra Restaurant, with yummy martinis at the lounge. The luncheons provided for the seminar were also great. Ideal location for getting around the city. It was my first time in Chicago and I would definitely return, and stay again at the Wyndham.	
Sep 21 2006 	A great stay	My daughter and I stayed at the Wyndham for 3 nights after attending a wedding in Madison, Wisconsin. It was our first visit to Chicago. We loved the Wyndham. The lobby is lovely and the check-in on the 2nd floor was no problem. We had no problem with the elevators, hardly had to wait more than 2 seconds the whole time we were there. The rooms were very nicely furnished and the beds were very comfortable. The hotel is so convenient to the Magnificant Mile. We ate breakfast at the Corner Bakery every morning and loved it. Great selection of food. We found the hotel staff very friendly and courteous. The concierge lady was very nice and answered all my questions with no problems. We found everything very nice and clean. Our rooms were cleaned everyday and the whoe room was immaculate. We saw no problems with dirty carpets as noticed in other reviews on this hotel. We would definately stay at the Wyndham in the future as we loved Chicago and would love to come back again!!	
Sep 11 2006	Some good some bad.	Great location, close to the Mile and restaurants with outside dining. The beds are very uncomfortable!! We booked a corner king room--huge windows, very bright, nice room....Wish the beds were better.	
Sep 3 2006 	Made very welcome.	We had planned to stay for four nights at the Wyndham in Chicago but terrorists in London had other ideas so we only managed to get there from London for the one. We also arrived minus our cases. When the staff heard this they gave my wife and two girls hair brushes, shampoo and anything else they needed from the hotels gift shop. They were also very helpful in directing us to the local shops so we could buy some clothes. The hotel is in an excellent location for the city centre, just off the Magnificent Mile. We were also within walking distance of Navy Peir. Our room was nice and clean with room enough for the four of us. We plan to revisit Chicago and would definetly stay here again.	
Sep 2 2006 	Enjoyed the Wyndham	I booked the American Girl package and stayed a 7 days. Now our room was a decent size, the carpet was dirty (it really needed to be cleaned there were spills all over the floor), the hotel internet service was awful not worth the 10.95 - the wireless keyboard wouldn't work and I know how to use them properly. The food was limited in the hotel and a bit overpriced - you are already charged a delivery fee on top of a room service fee so, tipping the room service person wasn't going to happen. There is no view the hotel is shorter than the surrounding buildings and Northwestern Hospital is right across the street - sirens through the night. The pool was small and not child friendly, there is a decent workout room, sauna and steamroom. It was okay but I expected more - I should have booked through Priceline. I wouldn't be so disappointed right now.	
Aug 28 2006 	Vert satisfied with Wyndham	We were very happy staying at the Wyndham. My son and I travel to Chicago once a year to see the museums, etc. We stayed at the Congress last year and for the extra money it costs to stay here it was totally worth it. Sara at the front desk check in was especially helpful. She made our stay at the Wydham exceptional. The pool was a great benefit for my twelve year old son and the jacuzzi, steam room and sauna were great for me. We had a great view of the city from our 17th floor suite and we will be staying at the Wyndham again next year. Thanks again Sara!!!	
Aug 25 2006 	Soured on an otherwise nice hotel by double billing.	Booked the Wyndham on a very last minute bid via Priceline for approximately 1/3rd of the day's going rate. The hotel is located just off Michigan Ave, so you're close to the hustle and bustle without being right in it. Additionally, Navy Pier is an easy walk to the SE of the hotel.The hotel itself offers a nice first impression, with an elegant (if not stuffy) lobby area. Check-in was pleasant and easy. Despite being just by myself, I was given two beds because that's all they had left. Fine enough, as I figured that the 2-bed room would have more space. Sure enough, the room was one of the bigger non-suite rooms I've seen in the city. The room had just about zero flair whatsoever, but its &quot;understated&quot; look worked well enough.Beds were surprisingly springy (in a good way) and the Herman Miller chair at the workdesk was comfortable (if shockingly expensive in the catalog in the room.) The bathroom was quite nice, with a large sink area and the toilet and shower tucked away a little further back.Wasn't interested in anything on the room service menu - either in terms of price or content - so went to Corner Bakery, which is a very nice restaurant (if you like one of them, know that it's a chain and that there's more scattered around the city.)Elevators seemed slow upon arrival, but things were a little more crowded at this point of the evening and a crowd gathered around the elevator and settled in for a rather long wait.Upon return, also noticed that there's surprisingly limited selection of cable channels here - mainly news. No MTV (not a huge MTV fan, but was surprised that it wasn't included.)Next morning, I notice a charge on in the TV menu that is just about the same (slightly less) charge as my Priceline bid. I guess that maybe it's what Priceline paid for the room. I ask at check-out if there are any charges at all on the room. The person at check-out looks me up, confirms my name and room (so there's no chance she's looking at the wrong person) and tells me that there are absolutely no charges owed.Three days later, the same charge shows up on my bill. I call the hotel, expecting that this will be taken care of in a professional, prompt manner (as it has been when it's occured at other hotels in the city). Less than 30 seconds after the representative picked up, she'd already transfered me. No apology. Front desk (where i was transferred to) seemed annoyed, interrupted me when I was trying to tell her the situation and transferred me to the manager's message machine.Furious - because it's not my mistake and I don't want to be the one to have to spend my time trying to chase after them to fix it - I write Priceline and both call and write Wyndham Corporate, who would do absolutely nothing besides forward a claim to the hotel and that let me know that it would take a ridiculous 5 business days for the hotel to investigate. Sure enough, 5 business days go by, norhing's done and I'm furious. Meanwhile, I've heard nothing from the hotel. After 7 business days, I filed a chargeback and eventually, the hotel refunded me, but they never communicated with me at all about the refund - it just appeared.I actually liked my stay at this hotel and was planning a return visit, but the customer service I encountered after my stay was poor at best and changed my mind about being a Wyndham customer in the future.	
Aug 22 2006 	Prepare to be nickle-and-dimed to death!	To put it simply, this hotel is not a good deal for the business traveler. This hotel is, for one, incredibly overpriced for what you receive. Second, while most hotels offer free wireless internet, the Wyndham charges you $10.95 per day!! This is absurd! I had no cellphone coverage here, so I had to rely on their phone; at $1.50 per local call. Additional problems I found included: a wireless phone that did not work and the air conditioner did not cool the room adequately.Overall, this was a negative experience. Basically, you will walk out of the Wyndham with a tremendous bill, guaranteed to knock you over budget. In sum, I regret staying at the Wyndham. I would recommend looking in the area for a better deal, I’m sure there are plenty.	
Aug 20 2006 	Double Billed!	The hotel is in a great location with a wonderful bakery across the street for breakfast. Friends and I go to Chicago Christmas shopping each year and we loved the hotel itself, along with the location. However, once we got home my friend was billed after I had already paid for the room on my credit card. I noticed another person who wrote a review was also double billed. I was going to book our rooms for the Wyndam once again, but after reading that person's review, it is obviously a problem they need to deal with. It took months and many phone calls to get the room off of my friend's credit card. I will seek a hotel elsewhere near the Magnificent Mile!	
Aug 19 2006	Lovely stay	Had a lovely stay in this hotel. Staff were very friendly. The only problems i had were not being able to get late check outs as they were very full. Also the shuttle failed to pick me up from the Shopping Mall at the agreed time. Would go back.	
Aug 14 2006 	Quite nice.	First, the good. The lobby was very pretty, and check-in was a breeze. Our room was very nice, with 2 double beds (one for my husband and myself, the other for our 2 sons). The linens on the beds we fantastic, I thought. The carpet was a bit worn, but it IS a high-traffic hotel after all. The location was great. We paid the $40 to have our vehicle parked for the day, and were able to walk from there to Navy Pier and the Mag Mile. Check-out was easy and fast as well. DO join the Wyndham preferred members club...we were greeted in our room by a small bottle of wine for us and some juice for the children, as well as cheese, crackers and bottled water. A very nice touch, I thought. I also found the staff to be quite helpful and friendly. The view, as others have noted, is not great...you do basically just see the surrounding buildings.The only really &quot;bad&quot; point I can think of is the pool. It is very, very small. But really, I don't go to Chicago to sit in a pool so I didn't think it was a huge drawback.Overall, we enjoyed our stay and would go back!	
Aug 6 2006	Great location; good hotel	We stayed at the Wyndham for 5 nights and would rate it a low &quot;4&quot;. The location is great. It's about midway between the river and water tower and one block off the magnificent mile. THerefore, it's close to a wide range of restaurants, etc. We found the workers friendly. The &quot;extra&quot; elevator to the second floor lobby did not bother us at all. In fact, both the Hyatt Regency and Peninsula and probably many others are designed this way. The rooms are clean, bathrooms large, and beds comfortable.So what's not to like? The rooms could be a bit larger, the towels a bit thicker, etc. As some have mentioned, the rugs were stained; it's time to replace them. We were there at a very busy time. If we had paid $250-$300, we would have been disappointed. We paid about 1/2 of that, and given the high demand for hotel rooms, we thought we received good value. In summary, we would certainly be willing to stay there again, but would probably look elsewhere first.	
Jul 17 2006	Nice room	We stayed at the Wyndham for 3 days. The room was nice, clean and large. Join the free preferred club b/c when you check in they will have your free request waiting for you in your room. We had Amstel light and cheese &amp; crackers. Nice bar and dining room,we did not eat there but it looked like a great place for a drink. Parking is expensive but the valet service is very quick and friendly. The location is great, right off Michigan ave.	
Jul 8 2006	Nice locationvery arrogant staff	o.k. I got a big deal with priceline. But all the employees gave me the feeling that I am not worth staying in such a location. The Bellman e.g. did not accept a 5$ tip. The Wyndham should not offer such good prices if they are not willing to welcome these kind of guests.	
Jul 2 2006	Avoid the 10th Floor	First, the bad. (1) If you are a non-smoker, avoid the 10th floor. If you cannot stay anywhere else in the hotel BUT the 10th floor, ask for room 1015 or any room right next to it. Why? 95% of the floor smells like smoke from the moment you get off the elevator. With a little digging, I found out why. All of the rooms are smoke free EXCEPT FOR ONE, room 1030 - and a man has lived there for a year. He is obviously a chain smoker because it smells like an ashtray/mobile home trailer/white trash bar almost everywhere. The staff were kind enough to move me but I still had to walk through that crap. (2) The pool is tiny. It's about the size of the small rooms.(3) The restaurant downstairs is not particularly exceptional, but it is exceptionally overpriced. Breakfast for four cost $92. Save your money and walk a few blocks to the Corner Cafe. I have the money to burn but most people don't.(4) The place has good service but it is understaffed. During checkout time there were not enough bellmen to grab my bags so I had to bring them down myself. Not an easy task with an infant. (5) There are no views of anything except the walls of other buildings. So if views are your thing, you'll need to stay elsewhere.(6) It's nearly $11 PER 24 hour period to use the internet. This should be a courtesy.Now the good.(1) The staff (although minimal) were extremely friendly, greeted me with a smile and the service was prompt for the most part in terms of concierge and desk reception. I believe had I requested to move to another floor they would have accomodated me. They provided lots of apples at the front desk.(2) There is a GREAT whirlpool, sauna, excercise room and steamroom. The water pressure is in working order.(3) The rooms were VERY clean and VERY nice. No complaints.(4) If you like shopping, the location is ideal. It's two very short blocks from the Magnificent Mile, 3 minute run to the beach trail and a 10 min walk to the subway. As a runner, I would stay here again but on a different, non-smokey floor. (2)	
Jun 30 2006	Fancy hotel Great location	We got the Wyndham from priceline for under $100. We felt that this hotel was super. Our room was on the 17th floor with a decent view of Lake Michigan. The room was very nice, very clean, and decent size. The bathroom at the Wyndham was the best we had been in. I would have rated it excellent but the layout on the first and second floors are pitiful. With check in on the 2nd floor??? Some of the staff were stuffy while others were very nice. Also I noticed that in picture of the hotel on the website you can't see that it is almost totally surrounded by other buildings so you definately can have some bad views out the windows. Hospital located across the street from the hotel, but I did not hear a thing all night. We parked a block away in a parking garage for $30. Pool was a little small.	
Jun 28 2006	Problem double billing	I had to check in under a private credit card due to the &quot;host company&quot; being late. The host company along with myself corrected the card to the &quot;host company&quot; a couple days later, or so we thought. After returning home I get the bill and guess what &quot;the host company did too&quot; I hate spending my time unscrewing other peoples screwups and will remember this experience. It' been almost two months and the problem still is not resolved and I am spend more time and long distance phone calls without success.Kurt Watson	
Jun 27 2006	A coorporate dormitory with all the charm of a boarding school...	The Wyndham Chicago is not user friendly. The architect should be ashamed of its clumsy design. It is located in the heart of the Northwestern U. medical complex which perhaps explains this hotels purpose. A visit starts with struggling with luggage through the awkward revolving front doors, searching for the reception area without any assistance from the preoccupied bellman and then taking an elevator to the second floor check-in. This leaves you with an irritating first impression, but check-in is quick and friendly. A second elevator takes you to spacious rooms adequately furnished with a plush king bed. But the grim view from the east side rooms is of a stark concrete wall. Depressing. Internet access was $10.+. The 4th floor pool was small !! and crowded with children. There is an adequate hot tub and basic exercise facilities. This hotel is best suited for those visiting Northwestern Hospital. There are far better choices in the area.	
Jun 19 2006	Decent Stay Far from Subway	For two nights last week (June 14-16 2006), it was an overall good stay. The check in was good, quick and no mention of priceline (which I used for this stay). Though I requested a high floor room, I am sure I was given the typical priceline room which gives you a wonderful view of the wall of the other building. Of course, the front desk person said the hotel is not that high....well whatever.Major concern for elderly or those with disabilities: It is considerable distance from the subway. I would recommend a hotel closer to Michigan Avenue of State Street if this is a concern. Otherwise, walk it (which I did).No check out problems. At night, there seemed to be this wierd occassional mechanical noise (elevator related maybe?) coming from the hallway. I had to make some makeshift earplugs. This was the 9th floor.I did not use the eating facilities. Internet was not a problem. Hope this helps!	
Jun 4 2006 	Great Business Hotel	Much nicer hotel than I expected. Some other Wyndham hotels are not up to this hotel's standards. Only annoying part was having to take the elevatoror stairs to the lobby level and then a different elevator to the hotel room. Room was clean and well kempt. Service was average. Front desk staff was cool and indifferent. They did not offer any more information or suggestions than simply answering questions. Room service was quick, but they came into the room to pick up the tray without knocking on the door. Internet access worked well (for a fee). Great location for walking around and shopping. Would stay here again.	
May 29 2006	Not the greatest...	I was excited to stay at the Wyndham because it seemed like a really nice hotel but it wasn't as great as I thought it would be. The building itself is beautiful and extremely clean. The valet and bellhops were really nice and pleasant. The hotel was not convenient because you had to take the elevator to the 2nd floor, walk a bit to a next set of elevators and go to your rooms from there. The rooms were really nice I thought but the major problem we had was the heat. We were on the 17th floor and it was extremely hot in our room, around 78 degrees. We tried to change it but it wouldn't work. We called the front desk and they talked to Maintenance and told us there is nothing we can do. It was a shame because the beds were heavenly! The mattress was soo comfortable and so was the cover. But we could barely sleep because of the heat. The location was great and the staff was pleasant but the most important part of a hotel is when you sleep, and we couldn't really do that cuz of the heat.	
May 29 2006	Just Awful.....Avoid It	I thought that by booking a four star hotel with a name like Wyndham that we could be getting a great hotel room for Memorial Day Weekend. I was very mistaken. We arrived at the hotel at 4:00 on Sunday afternoon and were told (as were several others) that there were no clean rooms available. For a hotel with a checkout time of 11:00 this is completely unbelievable...especially on a busy holiday weekend. We were told we would be called when a room became available....the call never came. After visiting some Chicago sites on a very hot Chicago afternoon, we returned to the hotel at 6:00 and were told there were still not rooms available. After making it clear that we were not happy, two rooms suddenly became available. We were told that the Romanian Soccer Team was there and was not leaving their rooms and this is why there were no clean rooms available. We entered a clean room, but quickly found out that the air conditioning system did not work very well...not a good thing for a weekend with high temps above 90. The icing on the cake was when a few items went missing from the room, a room that we only left and reentered once during the course of the night. Other minuses to this hotel include room service dishes left out the hallways for hours and incredibly long (20 minute) wait times for the elevators and when the elevator arrived it was usually jam packed. Most of the staff we dealt with were very pleasant and I understand it was circumstances beyond their control, but I have my choice of many hotels in Chicago and I can say I will never return to the Wyndham Chicago and highly discourage anyone else from doing so either.	
May 12 2006 	Great Location really nice hotel	Great hotel, very cool location. One block away from Michigan Avenue; 2 blocks walk from the Apple Store, the flagship Crate &amp; Barrel, etc. There is a restaurant across the street on the corner to get a good breakfast or lunch at. There is a TGI Fridays a few steps away. I really liked this hotel a lot. The only drawback is you have to take 2 elevators to get to your room. Otherwise it is 5 stars.	
May 4 2006 	Wonderful experience	Stayed here for a conference for four days, found the price to be only a little above lesser-quality hotels in the area.. Admittedly, did not spend lots of time in the room, but the amenities were wonderful. I had done some research on this website for the best room/view, and was easily given what I asked for when I checked in. Room was good sized, the bathroom was just gigantic (some friends actually said it could be considered a waste of space), the view was as hoped for, the service exactly what I needed and asked for, and the bed as warm and inviting as I hoped. There was enough desk space to prepare what I needed, a very nice office chair, and then a nice relaxing stuffed armchair to unwind in. I had chosen this hotel because a family member decided to have their wedding here, and I had such a good time I thought it was worth trying out as a guest. I was not disappointed, and would gladly come back in the future.	
Apr 20 2006 	Avoid!	Poor service and some maintenance problems. The room service menus are outdated and contain many items (both food and wine) that the hotel no longer serves. One of the phones in my room does not work, not what you expect in a $380 a night room. There are many better choices in Chicago.	
Apr 6 2006 	Will return	Great views and a great staff. The room was very nice the bath was big, the beds were nice with extra linens in the closet. Playstation and in room movies were a big plus. The only complaint is the noise, its located across the street from northwestern memorial hospital and the noise outside is very loud. Still better than a lot of the more expensive hotels this close to michigan ave.	
Mar 30 2006	Great Location Average Hotel	Nothing over the top for a 4-star hotel. I was very disappointed in the staff. The man who checked us in was very courteous and helpful. The others...we could have done without, especially the bellhop who waited around for a tip when it took him 40 minutes to get our bags. The room was nothing special, although we did love the hypoallergenic pack in the closet for those of you who are allergic to the down. The rooms definitely aren't soundproof as we could clearly hear the conversation next door to us through the connecting door (which was not ajar). The carpet in our room looked stained and old, and the decor (especially the lighting) seemed dreary and behind-the-times. Definitely don't think this hotel is worth the $180/night we ended up paying. Should have booked again with Embassy Suites.The location is perfect though. You're a block from Michigan Ave. and all the shopping.	
Mar 14 2006	Ok - but there are better ones for the price	We stayed in Jan. in order to miss the expensive Christmas season. Staff: Hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. I lost my credit card at the hotel and did not notice until I received a call from the front desk. In fact, they called the room numerous times to let me know they had it. If you need anything the concierge will be able to handle it all! Food: Breakfast was great, get there early and enjoy the buffet. Excellent view and very quiet. Location: Great, right off Michigan Ave. Also, be sure to stop by the Dunkin Doughnuts in front of the hotel.Rooms: This is the big draw back. Room was very dark and very loud because it overlooks the emergency room. I also requested a suite, but it was not worth it.	
Mar 3 2006	Good value close to "shopping mile"	The hotel is basically a typical big-city, business-oriented hotel... however you can get good deals there if you look around. The rooms are modern, spacious and well-appointed, there's a free (but basic) gym, and the hotel is a block from the middle of the main shopping area in Chicago.	
Feb 22 2006	What the heck happened here?	This was our third stay here, and I'm pretty sure it will be our last no matter how cheap it is. The service has gone way way down. There was only one person checking in a line of people, and even though others asked for a manager, none ever showed. A friend tried calling us and it took him 11 times to actually get someone to answer the phone. When he got an answer, she said she was at the front desk and put him on hold for almost ten minutes. Now this wasn't at 2am either, it was in the middle of the day on a Tuesday! How can you run a hotel and not have an operator? We used to love to talk to a blond concierge there who always had the greatest restaurant reviews and a fun personality. She left and what they have in her place is a surly young girl who suggested the Grand Lux cafe as an alternative when we couldn't get into Joe's Stone Crab. That's comparable? Let's not forget the guy who fidgets and seems to be speeding along there, too. The great toiletries have been replaced by cheap stuff, but they did replace the filthy carpet in the lobby though.	
Feb 19 2006 	Nice property but could be better	This is an attractive property, one block off Michigan Ave, near Neiman Marcus and Crate and Barrel. The &quot;By Request&quot; program is not bad, choice of beverage and snack waiting in room, and you can specify room attributes. The room was a little worn, but okay. Nice bathroom, though. Good breakfast buffet in the morning. People with smoke allergies, I was on the 14th floor and the the stench of smoke was noticeable from lower floors. Valet parking always expensive in Chicago, but this hotel's is some of the priciest....$39.00!! Auto Show in full swing during my stay, so hotel booked up, too.	
Jan 18 2006	okay for the price	Our stay at the Wyndham was a good value for $99. The people at the front desk and concierge were nice enough, but any type of room service was below average. First, it took them 45 minutes and three phone calls to bring up toothpaste. Second, my husband submitted his suit for drycleaning before 9am for same day dry cleaning (ie by 7pm). We had to call twice before they delivered it, once at 7pm and again at 11pm. Other than that, room was clean and location was okay- walkable but not with suitcases or bad weather.	
Jan 11 2006	Average Hotel Good value	We stayed at the Wyndham for a night around Christmas. A great location for shopping and close to many restaraunts. I had heard good things about the Wyndham ByRequest program but was underwhelmed. Our &quot;welcome amenity&quot; of cheese and wine was delivered sometime after dinner and our advance requests for extra towels and a local newspaper were not fulfilled. There was no express check-in. Other than our expectations of the ByRequest program, our stay was very nice and comfortable. The kids loved the pool and the fitness room was more than adequate. Booking through the Wyndham website, we secured a weekday rate of $99 which I thought was a great value for a nice room in downtown Chicago. I would consider the Wyndham again for a downtown stay if I could get the same price.	
Jan 10 2006	Wyndham during the holidays	We had an excellent stay the week before Christmas. The weather was so very cold, but there was always excitement in the lobby as groups of ladies shopped and families bundled up to go outside and experience the Mag Mile. The location to Michigan Avenue was just a block, right in the middle of shopping, and the turn street was located at the corner of the huge Crate and Barrel on Michigan. We used the concierge a lot, and they were always helpful in suggesting unique, non-chain restaurants for all meals - a big plus for us. It was a bit far to walk to Navy Pier in the cold, but definitely do-able. The nearby West Egg Cafe was great for breakfast and the restaurant, Volare was good for dinner. This is great for families, couples, and anyone else who wants to explore this part of Chicago.	
Dec 29 2005	loved the Wyndham	my husband and i have just returned from a 5 night stay at the wyndham ,from the moment we set foot in the hotel we were treated wonderfully .The hotel was clean the rooms very spacious, we were on the 6th floor but very rarely did we experiance any noise from the hospital , I recomend the corner bakery for breakfast. I am a fan of new york at christmas time and was a little reluctant to book for chicargo but i would definatly go back and stay at the wyndham	
Dec 21 2005	Perfect Location Great Hotel!!!	We came to Chicago for a group shopping trip. You cannot ask for a better location. There are many shops and restaurants located on the same street, and the Magnificent Mile is probably about a minute walk. Gino's East famous Chicago deep-dish is about 8 blocks away (w/in walking distance), as well as soo many other places. As for the hotel, the staff was very friendly, the place was gorgeous, and the rooms were spacious and clean. The beds were comfy, and the bathrooms were huge-gorgous granite countertops with tons of space, beautiful tile showers, and even a phone in the bathroom! The fitness room was also nice and quite large. The pool area is rather small, and although I did not use it myself, some of my fellow travellers did, and they did say that both the pool and the jacuzzi seemed a little on the dirty side. There were also some nice restaurants on-site. For breakfast, there is a Dunkin' Donuts and a McDonald's w/in walking distance, as well as The Corner Bakery directly across from the hotel, which has a pretty decent breakfast, lunch, and dinner menu at affordable prices. We had breakfast there twice-you can get anything from bagels/breakfast pastries to small breakfast platters or breakfast sandwiches, available for dine-in or to-go (hint-if you get your order to go, you will get it right away, but if you tell them you are dining in, you will sit at your table w/ a number and wait for them to deliver it to you-I had to wait about 10 min, for a toasted bagel one time!). I would stay here again without a doubt, and for the rate we got of $99/night, it was well-worth it!	
Dec 6 2005	Wyndham was a Winning Experience ...	Chicago is my birthday present to myself each year. Husband &amp; I usually stay at Monaco but they waited way late to post decent rates so I decided to try the Wyndham. Since we know Chicago so well I knew the area was great and so was our experience at the Wyndham. Great customer follow-up before and after our stay. Room was nice size and clean, bath was nice, and beds were comfortable. The only thing I missed was my usual view of the River, but you can see a little of Lake Michigan. Would definitely stay at the Wyndham again.	
Nov 19 2005	Great Location	We stayed at the Wyndham Chicago using the American Girl Package. Great location just off Michigan Ave. Very spacious rooms, and elegant decor throughout the hotel. On the negative side, the front desk and concierge were not very helpful with a couple simple needs we had. We did have to listen to ambulances arriving at the hospital about every 15 minutes, but I must admit, I did not notice them much after midnight. Plus, there is not much &quot;atmosphere&quot; at the hotel. It's a place for business travelers. Maybe this is expected on a weekday in October. We did get a helpful rate, but if we travel back to Chicago, I wouldn't be opposed to staying here, but I'll probably look around for a different place.	
Nov 1 2005	Wonderful and beautiful hotel	Just returned from a one-night Saturday night stay at the Wyndham in downtown Chicago...had a wonderful time, our room was incredibly spacious (HUGE bathrooms!), the bed was perfect and the view was great. We were on the 11th floor and had no complaints whatsoever! Check-in was very efficient and the woman at the desk was very friendly and energetic...express check-out was a nice touch too. Very clean lobby and hallways, very quiet hotel. We got the military discount rate so that was a plus! Parking is expensive ($39 per night) but that is pretty much the norm in downtown chicago. Great location, one block off Michigan Avenue and shopping galore. Would definitely recommend this hotel...look for travel special discount rates, especially if you are a government/military person!	
Oct 29 2005	Great Location and Great Hotel	We've been to Chicage nearly a dozen times in last few years and have stayed at Omni, Marriott, and (wanting to save $ and stay out of the Mag Mile-big mistake!)) at Days Inn in Linclon Park...The Wyndham is by far the best place we've stayed! They make you feel welcome, do the best they can to accomadate your needs. Though you're right off the Mag Mile you still get a touch of a neighborhood. The Hospital noise is rare and compared to the traffic on Michigan Ave it's actually quiet!	
Sep 22 2005	Nice Stay	Stayed at the Wyndham Downtown for three nights in September. Room was on the 14th floor and never heard much ambulance noise that other guests have mentioned. Nice room with a bit of a view of the lake and Navy Pier. For breakfast we visited the Corner Bakery just opposite the hotel, it was never too busy. Overall would recommend the hotel, we plan to stay there again next year.	
Aug 26 2005	Very pleased with the Wyndham	I chose the Wyndham because of the reviews on this site and the excellent price (less than $150/night). I also enrolled in the ByRequest program for Wyndham visitors which provides some upgrades (like free wireless networking, a welcome beverage and snack, etc). The hotel location is great as it is 1 block from the Magnificent Mile and across the street from the hospital. The rooms were very quiet - I never heard my neighbors or any street traffic. I would stay there again.	
Jul 29 2005	Great time in Chicago at the Wyndham	Great deal for the price and location. Went for the American Girl package for my daughter's sixth bday. The hotel has a wonderful American Girl package but you have to call them and book via phone vs on line. Book early if going in the spring, Chicago is busy. The hotel gives away a free robe and slippers for your doll. Too cute. Great location and clean hotel.	
Jul 27 2005 	Great City Experience	I enjoyed my 3 night stay at the Wyndham. The room was large, comfortable, with all of the usual amenities. Staff was efficient and pleasant. Check out was a breeze. There was a problem with my reservation but it was corrected quickly. Yes, there was a lot of hustle bustle outside of the hotel but I took it as just the expected activity &amp; excitement of a downtown hotel in a big city. The location was perfect as attested to by other reviewers. Be prepared to share the hotel with plenty of little girls with their dolls! Some locals told me the hotel restaurant is one of the best but I did not have the opportunity to eat there. I had just one problem (which I seem to encounter too often so maybe it's me) ----a dirty stained carpet.	
Jul 20 2005 	Skeptical but loved the Wyndham!	My husband and I decided to surprise our daughter to a trip to Chicago, mainly for the American Girl Place. We chose the Wyndham because of their AMG package, which included a bathrobe and slippers for my daughter's doll. The room was always clean, and we are extremely picky in the cleanliness area.We stayed at Le Meridien several months before and loved it! However Le Meridien was $300-400 a night vs. $170 for the Wyndham. We took our chances and we're glad we did. Our daughter loved receiving chocolate chip cookies on arrival. We also were upgraded to a corner suite with a lake view free of charge because of the by-request membership. We were even able to see the fire works from Navy Pier, since we were there the week before the fourth of July. The by-request manager, Ana, was amazing! She always went the extra mile for us. Thank you Ana, we will return to the Wyndham, mainly because of your hospitality!	
Jul 19 2005	Quite nice	Nothing to complain about at all. The room was big, clean, and everything worked. Check-in was simple and friendly and check-out was super fast. 1 short block to North Michigan and an easy walk into the Loop or Navy Pier. Corner Bakery across the street was really convenient and tasty. Being Chicago, there's a Walgreens within a block or two of everywhere!	
Jul 19 2005	Extremely Disappointing	Stayed there for 2 nights of a long trip and it was two of the worst nights sleep I ever encountered...the worst night's sleep being the Eastern Blackout a few years ago where it was over 90 degrees and the North had no power. The hotel was in good location to get to the trains so we could get to the White Sox and Cubs games. The walk was long but not too bad. The hotel was clean, but it was August and they did not have the AC working. With 4 people in a room on a hot August night, it gets stuffy and the first room we were in would not dip below 78 degrees. So they said it was fixed downstairs....no change 2 hours later. A staffer came up to look at the vents and said it was damaged but should be ok.....no change. Got a different room the next night on a different wing of the hotel...same difference. It was deja vu. I have stayed in Wyndams all over and am a preferred member but this put a bad taste in my mouth. It was almost like they did not want to turn on the AC because they wanted to cut corners and save money. Valet parking was ok, it just took 45 minutes to get to them. In front of the hotel is chaos with cars boxed in packed all over the place. They need organization. I would never stay in this hotel ever again in the Chicago area. Almost walked out to the Courtyard a block away....if I was alone I would have.	
Jul 13 2005	Wyndham is in the heart of it all!	My husband and I live in the Chicago suburbs and wanted a quick getaway. We are very familiar with the city and knew where to stay. This is really in the heart of all the excitement-Magnificent Mile, Navy Pier, Oak Street Beach! Great room and nice hotel restaurant. The pool was disappointing though-not meant for couples...really suited for kids because it was so small and very crowded. I would stay there again and highly recommend it.	
Jul 11 2005	Great Hotel	My husband, 2 girls and I stayed at the Wyndham July 4- July 9.The hotel is very nice, extremely clean and all employees were very courteous. Our room was great. We upgraded to the suite. (pull out sofa for kids) we had plenty of room for us 4. The bathroom was above average size and very clean also.The location could not be better. One block off of Michigan ave. And a short walk to the Navy Pier. Room service was good, the corner bakery just outside the hotel is great for breakfast or lunch. The only downside was our room was very near the emergency room of the hospital next door. We overlooked the nightly sirens though, and they did not bother us too much.We had a perfect stay and would go back if the opportunity comes up again.	
Jul 7 2005	Wyndham is a great hotel!	Being a long time fan of Wyndham hotels I decided to stay at the Wyndham Downtown Chicago on a recent visit to Chicago.I booked online on Tuesday afternoon for a room on Friday evening. Friday morning before I left I found a better rate on Wyndham's website and they were happy to give me the better of the two. I ended up getting a suite for less than I was going to pay for a corner king.Upon arrival I was greeted in the prompt, professional way I always have been at Wyndham hotels. I checked in and was on the elevator to my room in under 5 minutes.When I reached my room my byrequest amenity was waiting for me. Cheese and merlot, as well as extra bottled water and orange juice.The suite was larger than most apartments in my area. The bathroom was huge and spotless. The master bedroom was nicely done and the double sheeting of the comforter (which was been a tradition in better hotels in Europe for decades) was perfect for the season. It wasn't too heavy (which was great because of the outside temperature being over 90 degrees). After relaxing we left to see our show, stopping by the concierge desk to ask for a dinner recommendation. The nice lady told us about a bistro 4 blocks from the hotel (called Bijan...or something of that nature) that served until 4am. (A problem with being in &quot;lively&quot; downtown Chicago is that most of the restaurants stop serving around 10. Yeah, what a nightlife.)The next morning we had breakfast which was better than average and left to head home. The staff was friendly and helpful each time I had a request or inquiry. I will be staying at the Wyndham on my next visit to Chicago!	
Jun 16 2005	Good Value	Found the Wyndham hotel and staff very satisfactory. The staff was friendly, courteous, and professional. The room itself was nice. Real comfortable beds &amp; bedding. Very good location.	
Jun 12 2005	Great Location Average Room	My husband and I stayed at the Wyndham for 2 nights in early June 2005 while visiting our son, who had been attending college in Chicago. I booked the special &quot;Take Your Daughter to Chicago - American Girl Package,&quot; which offered a rate of $169.00 a night for a standard room, a $100 savings over the regular room rate. I booked a room with 2 double beds, as we thought our son might want to stay with us. The package included a Wyndham bathrobe which fits an American Girl doll.When I checked in, I discovered that the hotel had changed our reserved room with 2 double beds to one with only a king sized bed, because that was my preference when I joined Wyndham ByRequest. If we wanted our son to stay with us, we had to pay a $20 a night fee for a rollaway bed. I was tired after driving almost 600 miles that day and didn't have the energy to protest. I did not get any kind of upgrade for being a ByRequest member, although I did get a free small bottle of wine and a cheese and cracker snack.Our room was on the 8th floor, and was on the small side, but was adequate. As a ByRequest member, I did not have to pay the $10.99 fee for internet access. The room had a queen sized bed (NOT the promised king sized bed), a small sitting area with a chair and a desk, and a refrigerator/mini bar. It was clean and quiet; I did hear a conversation from a guest in the next room, but did not hear any street noise.My son decided not to stay with us, so I asked the front desk to remove the rollaway bed about an hour after it had been delivered. This was done promptly, but when I checked out, I was charged $40.00 for 2 night's use, which I had to ask to be removed from the bill.When we first went to our room (around 4 pm), there was a full bottle of beer in the hall by the door and there were dirty dishes and an empty beer box outside several other rooms which were not cleared until the next day. Housekeeping is quite slow; on the second day of our stay, our room was not cleaned until almost 4 pm.The hotel is in a great location, within walking distance of shopping and many area attractions. I highly recommend the delicious food at the Corner Bakery, located across the street. Overall, this hotel was fine, but it is really not a 4 star hotel. I would stay here again if I got a good rate.	
Jun 8 2005 	Designed as an Office Bldg.	Looks like an office building, feels like an office building, and orginally it was built as an office building. This all around average hotel with average size rooms has a very commercial feel to it. Chicago is full of better choices.	
Jun 4 2005	Great Hotel Perfect Location!	My husband and I stayed here over Memorial Day weekend. (We live in the suburbs just outside of Chicago but stay in the city every once in a while.) The location was fantastic... within walking distance to Navy Pier and just one block from Michigan Ave (shop to your hearts desire). We were also within walking distance to the Readhead Piano Bar (a great low key piano bar) and a nearby diner for breakfast. The room itself was great. We got a corner room. Everything was clean and very nice. VERY comfortable beds and pillows - one of the best nights sleep I've ever had in a hotel. We heard the sirens a few times but they by no means bothered us. We parked in a structure about a block away ($30 ouch) but that's normal for Chicago and the fact that we could walk or take a short cab ride to anything we needed made it a great deal for this hotel.	
May 27 2005	Great location but ....	absolutely wonderful location, just a block from michigan avenue. the hotel itself is a nice-looking building. unfortunately, the staff were very disappointing. i don't think i saw one employee smile the whole time i was there. the room had a nail sticking out of one of the door hinges and some faded graffiti that someone had obviously tried to clean and not done a very good job. i would definitely expect better considering the price of the place.	
May 9 2005	Fantastic hotel	We loved our stay here, the service was great, the room was large, clean and had a great view. The hotel is located just one block from the Magnificent Mile with all the premium shops you could ever want. It was also just a short walk from the Navy Pier and the John Hancock building. The loop is about 20 minutes walk from the hotel.We joined the 'Wyndham By Request' loyalty service before we booked (it's free) and I think we were upgraded as a result and were given a room on the top floor (17th) of the hotel.We would both recommend this hotel very highly. But whatever you do, don't visit the T.G.I.Friday's 'restaurant' next to the hotel!	
Apr 29 2005 	They really helped me out...	After the Chicago Marriott had &quot;lost&quot; my reservation and only permitted me to stay one night for my conference (as they were sold out for the remainder) the Wyndham really came to the rescue. They could not do enough for me and I found their staff extremely pleasant. The bar/dining room, while a wee bit expensive, served tasty food and great drinks. My only two complaints were that I am a member of their &quot;club&quot; which provides for certain amenities, none of which I received. Need my morning paper and when it wasn't there, I finally said something...nicely, and the manager apologized profusely. Lastly, the hotel is directly across from Northwestern Medical Center...try to get a room in the back of the hotel so you don't hear sirens all night.	
Apr 23 2005	The Wyndham Chicago is just ok	We booked this hotel based on the fabulous reviews it got... if you are looking for strictly location - book the Wyndham Chicago. We couldn't have asked for a better spot. We walked out the front door of the hotel and found fantastic shopping, restaurants - you name it! On the other hand, everything else about the hotel is just ok. The staff are not particularly friendly - with the exception of the concierge, and we were given a crib for our little one that didn't even have a proper crib sheet - they simply folded a full sheet and placed it on top of the mattress! If we were at the Holiday Inn, I wouldn't even mention it. Wyndham can do better.	
Apr 17 2005	Everyone else tried harder!	Parked and stayed at the Wyndham upon our return from Mexico. Our charter flight got in at 1:00 a.m. on Sunday morning. I new in advance I would have to call the hotel upon touchdown in order to have the shuttle pick us up. It took 55 minutes and three phone calls to the hotel to finally have the shuttle pick us up. By that time the other hotels; Ramada, Hilton, Holiday Inn, etc. had already made multiple( two and three round trips) pick-ups of travelers staying at those hotels. When our shuttle finally arrived, there were a handful of men on the shuttle. who it turned out had no luggage. My guess is the shuttle service was being used to shuttle airport workers to and from the airport. Didn't look to me that it was on &quot;the up and up&quot;- somebodies little sideline business. The excuse at the front desk upon arrival was &quot;we're running behind&quot;- what a crock of ....Bottom line, the Wyndham was not worth the price premium as compared to the other park/sleep/fly offerings.	
Mar 30 2005	Loud rooms	Not a good hotel if you like to sleep at night. Noises ranged from conversations in the hall, conversations of guests next door, and ambulances going into the medical center across the street. Rooms were dark but clean.	
Mar 23 2005	Nice Location - Decent Hotel	I've stayed at this hotel on two different occasions. Each time, the staff has been accomodating and the room (a one bedroom suite on each occasion) fine. I've stayed at the Embassy Suites down the street which is also a good choice and the Doubletree on Delaware as well as a Courtyard near the loop and the Palmer House Hilton. For my money, the Wyndham (booking on the internet with an internet rate) has offered the best combination of location, value for the dollar and service.My only complaint would be that the rooms are much too dark. Lighting is low and they are decorated in dark colors. Of course, this means some dirt doesn't get spotted by the housekeeping staff, but my rooms have been as clean as any of the full service hotels that I've stayed at in Chicago. None of them have been perfect (I have a low tolerance for dirt) but they've been acceptable. If you drive, understand that they charge you $30 to park your car. You can self park for less at the lot by the Embassy Suites a couple of blocks away if you're so inclined. The pool area is older but nicely maintained. The gym is nothing spectacular but it's much better than those at competing hotels in the area. As for the location, for the leisure traveler it's great. Navy Pier and the lakeshore are within walking distance and Michigan Avenue is only two blocks from your front door. There are also many good restaurants at all price points within two to three blocks of the hotel. Although, with so many good choices in Chicago, I'd recommend investing in a cab and venturing out.While it's not up to the level of a Four Seasons or a similar luxury property,all in all, I think most people would be happy at the Wyndham. It's a nice moderately priced hotel.	
Mar 21 2005	Loved the Windham!!!	My daughter and I stayed here last week and we couldn't more agree with all the positive reviews. It is a great location for all the shopping on Mich. Ave. The hotel itself was very clean and the staff was extremely helpful. We were in the bar one night and mentioned wanting to get info on Jazz &amp; Blues clubs, next thing I knew Jorge the bartender came back with a list from the concierge. The Corner Bakery across the street was a bonus, great eat &amp; run breakfasts. We won't hesitate to go back.	
Mar 16 2005	A Good Choice	Booked online and got excellent rate for corner room. Beautiful hotel with great location 1 block off Michigan Ave. Bellman gladly loaned us umbrellas. Good amenities. I'd stay here again.	
Feb 7 2005	Loved it! Perfect Location!	I use this site all of the time, wanted to share my experience. Stayed at Wyndham first week in January. First of all, PERFECT LOCATION!!! Everything within walking distance or short cab ride. Breakfast right across the street (Corner Bakery) Ice Cream and Doughnuts 1/2 block away (Baskin Robbins &amp; Dunkin Donuts) open 24hrs. for the late night munchies. Pizzeria uno or Due short walk which is a MUST!! The hotel had great service, extremely comfortable beds, clean, pretty, ETC&gt;!! The hotel bar is GORGEOUS with a great view. Very laid back and comfy with big velvet couches and chairs to relax in. A great place to have a b4 dinner drink. I Read about the closeness of the hospital and the noise of emergency vehicles all night. That was not a problem for us. We heard it once or twice in the morning and really was not a problem. I would stay here again in a HEART BEAT!!	
Jan 31 2005	Great location - wonderful stay	Just returned from a few days at this hotel. Our first trip to Chicago!! We chose this Hotel based on the trip advisor reviews and were not disappointed. Overall we had a wonderful stay and kept commenting on how friendly everyone was wherever we went in the city!!It is v. centrally located a block off of Michigan Ave. The service and accomodations are great for the price. Very simliar to other Wyndham Properies we have stayed at in Boston &amp; Phoenix, Arizona so we knew what to expect decor wise etc. Join the Wyndham ByRequest for some free welcome gifts (drink/fruit). Yes, true the pool &amp; hot tub are very small but there were only a handful of people there at the time so it made having a quick dip fun - the small sauna was also very relaxing after a long day!! As another reviewer suggested, we bypassed the taxi/shuttle bus options and took the CTA (Chicago subway) from Midway to the Chicago stop on the redline and then walked 10 mins to the Hotel. I think it was just $1.75 each way v. $25 or so we would have paid for a taxi each way. The CTA was suprisingly easy to use. It took us about 45 mins from the Hotel door to Midway Airport on our way home. Loved the close proximity of the Hotel to the Corner Bakery, TGI Fridays &amp; the beautiful, must see.....Grand Lux Cafe!! The food was delicious. We would stay at the Wyndham Chicago again.	
Jan 20 2005	Wonderful Stay and would return	The hotel is a block off of Michigan Ave on Erie St. The service and accomodations are wonderful for the price. The entrance is very grand with the second floor check in. Loved the Corner Bakery and TGI Fridays across the street and down the block. Join the Wyndham ByRequest and get the free stuff. You have the chance of a upgrade of the hotel isn't booked and full like it was on our weekend. Take the Trolley tour if time allows. Avoid the cabs and transients because the will bring down your trip. It amazes me that Chicago doesn't do something abou them walking there cornerstone shopping area. The cleaness and streets are nothing like New York on how clean New York is.	
Jan 18 2005	Pleasantly surprised	My husband, daughter and I just returned from a long weekend in Chicago. I booked our stay with the Wyndham after reading several favorable reviews on this site. I also believed that &quot;you couldn't go wrong&quot; with a Wyndham hotel. We were very pleasantly surprised when we checked in to find that we had been upgraded to a &quot;junior suite&quot;. (I had joined &quot;By request&quot; at the suggestion of this site when I booked the trip. That is one of the percs - free upgrades.) The room was very large and clean with a king bed and queen sofa bed. The bathroom was extremely large also and when we called down to the front desk for extra towels and an extra blanket there was someone at our door within 10 minutes. The people were very friendly and the hotel was very convenient. We were able to walk to Michigan Ave, Water Tower Place and even Navy Pier. We will definately stay there again when we return in the warmer weather.	
Dec 28 2004	Service not refelective of 4 star quality!	The accomodations were okay... clean and nice looking. However, the service was just okay... something I'd expect at a 2 star hotel, not a 4 star. They don't allow early check-ins (and check-in is not until 4 p.m.) and they don't allow late check outs (all we needed was 45 minutes!!). The valet service is really slow and expensive... I have stayed in Chicago a number of times and usually pay $30 and here it was $38. Like I said, the stay was okay, but I'd rather pay less at a 2 star hotel and expect that kind of service rather than pay for a 4 star hotel and get 2 star service. Also, we had to pay for phone calls!!! I have never expericenced having to pay for a 1800 # in my hotel room. It was $1.50 for the first ten minutes and then we had to pay $1.10 for every ten mintues after that. Ridiculous!!! Nothing they did was really wrong per se.. but they just don't do anything to go out of their way to make you feel appreciated for your business. If they don't value me as a customer I'd rather go elsewhere!	
Dec 28 2004	Contrasting Experience	The facility itself was very nice and quietly comfortable. But some widely varying service created feelings of uneasiness during our two-day stay. Upon arriving, the bell person started the unpleasantness by stating that if we did not like the unreasonably high valet parking charge that we just self-park our car. Unfortunately, this was neither realistic or thoughtful given that the self-parking was located over a block away and the weather was windy with a below zero wind chill. Then a friendly and courteous front desk person and concierge warmed us up. But we were let down again by poor room service and several brusque, unfriendly hotel employees. Perhaps we had just set our expectations too high over Christmas.	
Dec 22 2004	Nice Hotel Great Guest Program	Great location right off Michigan Ave. If you find a better rate on another booking site which they can check they will match the price and give you the first night free. I found a better price at -------- and they matched it and gave us our first night free. We should have booked online but I did thru the reservation center so do it online for the free breakfast coupon. We were already members of Wyndham by request so we were upgraded to a corner king room which was very nice but the carpet was a little spotty. And the lighting is all lamps so its not very bright in the evening. The large bathroom was wonderful. We were welcomed with our choice of mixed fancy nuts and water and pop. What a nice treat. Parking is $38 a night with ins &amp; outs. We parked there but the next time we will use the garage across the street its only $32 and you can have access to your car without calling the valet, we did not know were there car was parked as the garage was not onsite.You do have to use two different elevators to get to the guest rooms but the beautiful decorations and views it was not a problem. The check in is on the second floor as the valet desk is on the first floors.This is our 6th hotel we have stayed in and we will go back they were the best for someone on a budget, if you book with them direct, the upgrades and Wyndham by request treats are well worth it. They do not give WBR to people who book with any other site, so book with them for the best deal, or ask them to match it as we did for a great deal. The corner king was $125 a night we booked a king for $89 on their site and they matched the $79 we got at beststay plus the $2 service charge and gave us the first night free since we had booked 2 days. So we paid $81.18 plus the $38 a night parking. What a great deal. I took the printout from the emails and its a good thing I did I needed it for my free night as the hotel billed me for both nights, but they corrected it with a copy of the email saying my request to match the lower price was honored. We walked to Dicks Last Resort for lunch and Giordios for pizza for dinner. There is a Dunkin donuts and a Burritto Beach and subway and chinese all within walking distance too. Great hotel great prices if you book with them direct!	
Dec 15 2004	Central location a fail safe hotel	I was suprised to see the mixed reviews for this hotel, we stayed here for 5 nights and found the rooms to be clean and well presented, the food above average and the staff friendly.The hotel is not the best in the world, but it certainly is a long way from the worst.Its central location is a big plus, and if you are looking for a fail safe hotel that offers mid range accommadation at mid range prices this hotel is for you.I was tempted to rate the hotel as average but it is better than that and the location deserves 1 star alone (very central).	
Nov 19 2004	Loved the Wyndham	This site was very helpful in planning my recent trip to Chicago and I just wanted to reciprocate and provide some additional info about the Wyndham. Despite the fact that I think I was the only person who didn't get an upgraded room (lol), I have only positive feedback about the hotel. The location just off the Magnificent Mile was excellent and concierge was very helpful in providing info about bus routes, etc. I did join Wyndham by request (and would recommend doing so) and the welcome snack was a nice treat. In making my reservation on the hotel's site, I was also able to print out a coupon for a free breakfast. Very nice buffet but had breakfast the rest of the time at the place across the street. One additional nice touch was that the business center had free computers you could use to access the internet. Would definitely stay there the next time I'm in Chicago.	
Nov 15 2004	Not So Great	My husband and I stayed at the Wyndham this past weekend, and were disappointed with the hotel accomodations and service. We frequently travel around the USA and typically stay in upper class hotels at least 20 times a year. Unfortunately, this was our worst experience of the year. We were driving from Michigan when we called the hotel to ask about parking facilities. We were told that only valet parking was available, and then the lady rudly hung up the phone. Upon entering the hotel, the lobby was small and the carpeting was a bit ragged. Our room, though it was a junior suite had no more extras then a regular room except for square footage, yet it cost $40 more per night. It was poorly lit and right across from the hospital which I had specifically requested we not be located. As soon as we walked into our room, I contacted the front desk and they said there was nothing they could do about our location and appologized. The next day my husband and I went shopping and came back early evening AFTER our room was cleaned. As we were resting in our room, a hotel employee opened our door and walked in, they did not even knock! We were very disappointed, and for the money we spent we could have stayed in a MUCH nicer place. To top it all off, the hallways were caked with dust along the edges of the floor and desperately needed to be vacuumed. Being a partner in the hotel's preferred guest program did not seem to help. We have had MUCH better experiences at other Wyndham hotels, and frequently stay at one in Texas. However, next time we are in Chicago, we will take our money and ourselves to another place!	
Nov 3 2004	Very Excellent accomidations	My partner and I, just returned from a weekend getaway in Chicago. We were very pleased with our stay. The location was great and the service was very consistant The hotel was very clean and conviently located off of Michigan Ave. We will defenitely stay here again !	
Oct 30 2004	OK hotel--nothing great	A previous reviewer mentioned the hospital across the street and sirens. That was an understatement!! ALL NIGHT LONG we were awakened by sirens. The emergency entrance to the hospital is across the street from the hotel. The room was good size, but the bathroom was in major need of a good cleaning. Thankfully I got a great rate on Priceline, or I would be requesting my money back!!	
Sep 7 2004	Inconsistant service	Got our room from priceline for $75. The rooms are nicer than Hyatt Regency for half the cost. We upgraded regular room to an executive suite for $45 extra per night. Rooms were clean and quiet, although the rooms are starting to show a little wear. However, you should know that they don't treat guest that book rooms online through sites like hotwire or priceline very well. I don't know how many times we heard the words: &quot;Sorry but because you booked on priceline...&quot; Also, the valet was not very good. We patiently waited an hour for our car while another guest screamed his head off at the head valet for not having his car out within 20 minutes. He, of course got comped valet right away. We had to struggle for ours. So if you have a problem here, don't be nice about it. Scream yell and make a fool of yourself to be treated as a guest.	
Aug 4 2004	Excellent Location	The location of the Wyndham ,Chicago was excellent. One block from Michigan Ave. or Magnifficient Mile, 15 minutes walking distance from Navy Pier. The room was very clean and very spacious, including the bathroom. Because the hotel is in front of a hospital, sirens are heard during day and night. The only problem we had was with the air conditioner. It has movement sensor and it turns off automatically, but it was turning off even though we were in the room and were not sleeping. Also during the night sleep we felt sweating. Well we turned it on again and get used to it.	
Jul 25 2004	Very Enjoyable Stay	We spent two nights at the Wyndham and enjoyed it very much. The location is great and close to shopping and restaurants. The staff was friendly and very helpful. Will definitely stay there again. On a side note, it's about a 20 minute walk to Navy Pier. We walked down St. Clair to Ohio St. Ohio street has a pedestrian underpass that goes under Lake Shore Dr. and when you get to the other side you are in the park. Navy Pier is right there.	
Jul 22 2004	Nice Hotel	We decided to &quot;step up&quot; to a better hotel than the standard Holiday Inn while taking the kids to Chicago for a few days. We signed up for the &quot;By Request&quot; service ahead of time which got us a free upgrade to a junior suite and other personalized amennities. The location was great and close to shopping/dining. Navy pier and the museums were only a $5-7 cab ride. Valet service is an extra $38/night and since there is really no public parking, add that to your room rate. You'll get unlimited use of your car, but you'll need to let them know 20-30 minutes ahead of time. The pool was small, but the kids didn't care.	
Jul 21 2004 	It was okay	Stayed 4 nights (Sun. thru Thurs.) at the Wyndham. Location was close and convenient to Mich. Ave. shopping and many restaurants. Corner Bakery across street for breakfast was great. The room was nice but we had some plumbing problems which required maintenance to visit our room daily the first three days. Housekeeping was prompt with requests for extra towels. Check-in was interesting as the names and number of guests were never listed correctly for our room, neither at check-in nor upon check-out despite a lengthy amount of time spent trying to correct this at the front desk. Nice amenities in bathroom, soaps, etc. Hot tub (cap. 6) and pool small. Did not try the restaurant inside the hotel but it has rave reviews. Bell services were very possessive about their carts. Would not let us use one to bring down our own luggage. Overall, it was okay - would stay again with Priceline rate (can't recall amount paid).	
Jul 19 2004	Weekend in Chicago	We stayed at the Wyndham for a long weekend. The location is great and our room was clean, but not much of a view. The only complaint was the hotel bar. Late at night it is terribly understaffed. It took a long time to get served. We ordered drinks and a snack (a small pizza to share). The pizza was absolutely terrible. We ate very little of it. We might stay here again because of the location and the price was good, but I would recommend eating somewhere else.	
Jul 8 2004	Disappointed	The location of the hotel is great. It's close to shopping as well as other attractions. Was extremely disappointed in the service in every department from the front desk to the valet parking. I arrived one hour prior to the posted check in time and expected that my room would not be ready. The clerk at the front desk took all my information and had me fill out a registration card. He asked me to return one hour later for my room key. I returned and was told that none of my registration information had been posted and had to go through the entire process again as well as wait an additional 30 minutes for the room. The room was clean with the exception of the bedspread on one bed which was filthy and soiled the sheets. I would not stay in this hotel again.	
Jul 6 2004	Loved the Wyndham	Amazing size suite. Huge queen sized bed in one room and an enormous sitting room in the other. Plumbing worked (1st for me at a US hotel). Paid for the Internet, saved finding somewhere, bit complicated using the keyboard with no mouse. Used the gym, pool had a lot of little ones in so gave that a miss. If you are English and want tea with milk, a little deli down the street towards the Lake front has half-pint cartons and the ice machines in the corridors work. Make your own mini fridge using the ice bucket in the room. Excellent location, will stay again. re Corner shop bakery for breakfast, did not try it myself but did pop in on Sunday afternoon when it was very understaffed, but as it is packed every morning they must be doing something right.	
Jun 20 2004	Well Above Average	Stayed 6/15-6/18. Great location in Streeterville off of Mag Mile. Walked to Navy Pier (15 min), Billy Goat's (5 min) &amp; Rush Street (25 min). Convenience store a block South. Rooms were clean but furniture worn. Upgraded to a 2-room suite at check-in. Complimentary wireless web access, local &amp; domestic long distance. Pool is ideal for small children. Large hot tub, sauna and steam room. 6 elevators with minimal waiting. Will stay again.	
Jun 17 2004	Disappointing and Overrated	Stayed June 3, 2004. This was my second time to stay at this hotel, the last being 5 or 6 years ago when it opened. I was very diappointed at how poorly the hotel was kept up as far as the rooms are concerned. Less than a 4-star rating if you consider the rooms only. In addition, unlike some of the other reviews I checked out prior to booking, the walls were thin and I could hear my neighbors &quot;talking&quot; at regular volume. The staff were wonderful in trying to find another room that was quieter, but the hotel was full and the few rooms I visited were marginally better. While the location is great, if you are looking for a 4-star property, look elsewhere. Also, watch out for the high breakfast prices, my child ordered an orange juice while I was in the buffet line and it cost $5. Better to walk across the street and pay a more moderate price at the Corner Bakery. 	
Jun 9 2004	Staff unfriendly?	I booked this hotel having read the excellent reviews but I was very disappointed i'm afraid- and I'm not difficult to please. My main problem was the reception staff who were seemingly disinterested in their guests, their manner was hardly welcoming. Also some of the Concierge staff had the same attitude except a guy called Ryan who was helpful.Anyway, the rooms are ok, the location is good and the bakery across the street is great for breakfast.	
Jun 3 2004	Excellent location but nice and quiet inside!	Stayed over the weekend, and LOVED the location/ proximity to great Michigan Avenue shopping. Also two blocks from Lawry's Steak House (excellent also). The rooms were quiet and the food at the restaurant was good, although the breakfast buffet was $16 per person (not sure that was a great value but Dunkin Donuts is a block away). Only negative was small pool/workout area and slow valet service to retrieve car. Otherwise, a great location and very nice property. Walking distance to Art Institute, Navy Pier, Aquarium, etc. 	
May 25 2004	Great Location	Booked through quikbook and so did not recieve Wyndham Request treatment. The bathrooms were large and clean, everything in great condition. Location was prime and taxi &amp; shuttles easily found. Good eatery across the way. Did not have to wait long for elevators either. The only complaint was not enough items stocked for the number in each room and number of beds requested not met. 	
Apr 22 2004	Outstanding and great bargain!	Absolutely excellent hotel in great location. Our room (a standard room with two double beds) was first class and very large. Feather pillows and comforters (unfortunately, my wife is allergic to them - the staff appeared within minutes to fulfill our request for non-feather bedding). Bathroom was all marble, sparkling clean, and huge. Even though we shared our floor with a group of high school students on some sort of field trip, we never heard a peep! Public areas were beautiful. And all for $109 per night (they do get you on the parking so, if it matters, perhaps you want to put your car in a public lot).	
Apr 15 2004	The BEST in Chicago	Stayed at the Wyndham Chicago for one week around Easter and found this to be the best Hotel I stayed in Chicago, where I once lived and frequently travel. The location cannot be beaten - one block away fom the Magnificent Mile. The rooms are large, very nicely decorated and the bathroom is not only huge, but also extremly clean. The staff is very friendly, especially at the front desk and the concierges. Very good restaurants in the area, can recommend Kamehachi for sushi. Changed the hotel for each of my Chicago-trips, but now, I will stay with the Wyndham	
Apr 14 2004	Great Location Great Stay!	I was fortunate enough to reserve a room at the Wyndham Chicago at a really excellent rate. I had never stayed there before, but I can asure you that I intend to make this my Chicago headquarters.The location is extremely convenient to Michigan Ave. (Magnificent Mile), Navy Pier, Art Institute, and is a short cab ride away from all of the nightlife on Rush St. and Old Towne. There are at least 10 restaurants in the block surrounding the hotel, some of which are very reasonably priced for Chicago.The staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful. Check-in was a breeze since I joined Wyndham-by-Request frequentguest program. We found an arrival gift of wine, crackers, and cheese awaiting us. The room was clean, well appointed, and the bathroom is huge and has nice marble floors. Our room was extremely quiet despite being across the street from Northwestern Memorial Hospital.I have stayed in a number of downtown Chicago hotels (Westin, Red Roof, Hyatt, etc.) and found this one to be the most convenient. If you book on-line, you will get an unheard of rate for Chicago.I highly recommend the Wyndham Chicago.	
Apr 6 2004	A good choice with	I took 5 kids (age range from 5 to 14) and 4 adults to Chicago for a one night stay. I booked the room through Wyndham and receieved the web rate for 1 double and 2 connecting doubles. The rooms were $116 a night and that included tax and were located on the 11th floor. This was great bargain for such a nice room. The bathroom was spotless. The only complaint I heard was about the pool size. The kids wanted a bigger pool. The hotel is close to everything or a short taxi or bus ride away. I joined the By Request program and there were a couple of comlimentary Coronas waiting for me when I checked in. I had to fight the kids for the Snickers bar. The staff was very helpful especially, the bag handling staff. Great place at a great price.	
Apr 5 2004	Nice hotel great location	Stayed for just 1 night last week. Superior to many hotels in the same class. Booked through Orbitz and the rate was same for queen or king bed so ended up with a nice room size. Wonderful down pillows, an armchair with footstool, and ergonomic chair at the desk. Bathroom was spotless. Fairly good wall insulation despite my room location being steps away from the elevator. Had dinner at the Caliterra restaurant. Better than I expected for a hotel restaurant and prices were more affordable than neighbouring places. As with other hotels, breakfast was a rip-off if you didn't have time to run across the street to Corner Bakery. Location is prime for this hotel, being only 1 block east of Magnificent Mile. Overall, enjoyable stay and would stay there again.	
Mar 23 2004	As good as everyone says	First class all the way. Join the &quot;By Request&quot; program for little extras, including room upgrade when available. The room we has was huge and the location is excellent. Service from the valet to the concierge was outstanding. Good rates available on their Web site. (Our King Suite was less than $100 per night!!)	
Mar 22 2004	Great location	My daughter (20) and I stayed here in March. Great location. Close to everything and the Corner Bakery across the street is a definite plus! Our suite was huge, although quite stuffily decorated. The bathroom was marble and large. Everything was clean and spotless, but all in all, nothing remarkable. Check in time of 4pm was not very convenient. The lobby was small, and so was the swimming pool and whirlpool. In room dining was awesome, especially the Fruit &amp; Cheese Platter. The concierge did find us some last minute great seats to the Blue Man Group; we had a great time, thank you!!!	
Mar 9 2004	Great Stay	The Wyndham was a perfect centrally located place for my daughter and I as we traveled to the North and South side of Chicago to visit colleges and visited museums. The Subway is several blocks away, but the city buses are all along Michigan Ave. only a block away. You are also centrally located to a gorgeous shopping district on the Magnificent that is lively on the weekends and very close to the Navy yard which we missed out on visiting. We used public transportation everywhere, but if you arrive via airport, take the blue line (to/from O'Hare) to Clarke-Lake and cab it to the hotel for about $5. Its better than trying to find the subway stop that's blocks from the hotel with your bags in tow.Room is clean, pretty and large enough, beautiful and confortable marble bathroom, newspapers delivered every morning including Sunday. The concierge, desk, bellman's etc all helpful and even printed documents for me along with my airplane boarding passes.*(Wyndham by request came through with wine, cheese and bottled water, and I got one free breakfast with the room when I booked online- also, FREE fast internet service for your laptop, phone calls etc. with that 'by request' card.)The corner bakery is also perfect for breakfast and break time.	
Feb 23 2004	wonderful weekend	My wife and I stayed at the Wyndham Hotel this past week, attending a Dental Convention. As directed by this forum (thank you) we signed up for Wyndham by Request, and were amazed at our room. It was a wonderful suite (french doors into bedroom, etc) and we had a great time. The location is ideal. It's right by Apple Computer store, The Capital Grille, and Dunkin Donuts, could it get any better? Entering the hotel is a little odd. Entrance is through street level to a nice &quot;bellman&quot; station - marble, steel, etc - but then take elevator to 2nd floor actual lobby for registration. Then, connect with another elevator way down another hall to access rooms. This is a tad inconvenient, but not remotely bad enough to keep from staying here again. It was a perfect hotel -clean, cordial, and extremely comfortable.	
Feb 6 2004	First-Class	My hasband and I decided that each Christmas our present to each other would be to spend a night downtown. Last year we stayed at the Ritz-Carlton, and this year I decided to give the Wyndham a try after reading all of the great reviews. I joined the &quot;by Request&quot; and was thrilled with the price and comfort of our suite. I was dissappointed that we were not able to get early check-in and not happy at all with the bar service in the restaraunt. Our room was huge and beautiful and the service was great. The doorman whistled for our taxi (something not done at the Ritz). The location is perfect, we walked up and down the main drive!	
Jan 30 2004	Great Place	Everything everyone has said is true. It is a great hotel. Make sure to join wyndham by request. I arrived at 10am, much before the check in time. I was upgraded to some large suite with a doorbell and all kinds of other great stuff. I also got my fruit plate, bottled water and corona as I requestd. My only complaint, is I needed toothbrush and toothpaste and called down several times, and never got one. But it was okay because of Wyndham by request. Ill be staying in a wyndham wherever I travel.	
Jan 28 2004	Great Stay!	I signed up for Wyndham Request and was later informed that because I booked through Hotwire I was ineligible for the great benefits. I was only going to be there for a few days and it was a surprise trip for my boyfriend. However, because it was a special occasion, the ByRequest lady upgraded us to a junior suite which was really nice. The room was very nice with a larger than usual bathroom. Excellent water pressure and big 'ol tub to defrost in. The only thing that I didn't think was great was the concierge. Some pretty weak recommendations and some attitude that made me not want to ask any questions at all. Good workout facilities, cute heat pool, steam room and sauna. I would stay here again but this time in the spring!!	
Jan 1 2004	Very Good Stay Would Highly Recommend	My wife and I stayed at the Wyndham Chicago for a few days before Christmas. This hotel was all we could have wanted and asked for in Chicago. We received a free suite upgrade to our surprise. The room was huge and very comfortable. Everything was very clean as well. Location for this hotel is perfect, just slightly off Michigan Ave. I would also recommend the &quot;Corner Bakery&quot; right across the street from the hotel. This place is perfect for breakfast and lunch. They have a wide varieties and food, pastries, and drink. Overall we were very pleased with our stay and won't hesitate to stay in the Wyndham Chicago again.	
Dec 23 2003	Great Hotel	Got a fantastic deal stay 2 nights for $99 and 3rd night is free. A while after making reservations I found out about the Wyndham Request program and was able to tie it to my reservation. So I had wine, crackers, cheese, bottled water waiting for me when I arrived. The room was huge, I couldn't believe I got this room for the price I did. Though I did get it a few months in advance and prepaid. I didn't get the free internet though because they didn't honor the company I went through to make my reservations anymore. There was one day that they didn't finish making our beds, they had no sheets on them and no clean towels. Had to call room service to have them finish making the beds. They came promptly and finished making the bed. Everyone was friendly and helpful.	
Dec 21 2003	Great Stay at the Wyndham	I stayed at the Wyndham Chicago the weekend of Dec 12. My mom and I took my daughter to American Girl Place for Christmas. The location could not be better. It's right off Michigan Ave in a central place...you can walk to everything. (Nearby on the next block over is a little breakfast cafe - &quot;Something&quot; Egg Cafe. Forget the first part - Ask the staff - they recommended it...it had a great hot breakfast. Inexpensive too. Also recommend the Grand Luxe Cafe for lunch or dinner and Giordanos for the best stuffed pizza ever.) The staff was superb at the hotel, and the room was large, clean and a good value. Good view from the room. Thank you for making an important trip so enjoyable.	
Nov 19 2003	Very Nice Hotel	I went on a shopping trip with two girlfriends and we had a great time at the Wyndham. My expectations were very high after reading other reviews. After joining the Wyndham by Request club as suggested by other reviewers, I fully expected to be upgraded to a suite and was disappointed when there were none available. I did, however, get a Diet Coke and M&amp;Ms as I requested when joining Wyndham by Request. The bakery across the street was a great spot for breakfast: relatively cheap and quick. The doormen who work there are great-very friendly and helpful in hailing a cab and recommending restaurants. The location is perfect for shopping. We walked to all the Michigan Ave attractions with no problem. For $189 a night this hotel was satisfactory. I guess for that much money I expected a bigger room, but overall it was a good experience. I would stay there again.	
Oct 26 2003	Wonderful Wyndham	Better than I expected. The Wyndham was wonderful. Spouse and I went over a weekend and were treated very well even though there was a huge conference going on in the hotel. Our room was spacious, very clean, and far away from the elevator like I requested. When we checked in we were early so the desk held our bags while we went sightseeing (this was at 9:30 am - check in is not until 3:00). On return to the hotel early afternoon, the room was ready and just like I requested. We ate at Cala Terra, the restuarant at the hotel and it was by far one of the best meals ever. Our waiter was great and was so personable - he helped make the evening special and even went out of his way to obtain some complimentary tickets for us to a jazz bar. Great service and atmosphere. We will definitely stay at the Wyndham again.	
Oct 9 2003	Wyndham was a silver lining to our dark rainy cloud!	Our family took a trip to Chicago to see the Cubs play--unfortunately the game was rained out and the tickets weren't honored for the make up game. Needless to say we were very distraught and after several hours in the rain we finally arrived at the Wyndham. We got the room through priceline for $85 a night. The minute we walked into the beautiful and spacious room our disappointment from the baseball game was gone. What a sight!! The room (suite--we asked for an upgrade after reading info from your site) was bigger than our first house! The elegant marble bathroom even had a telephone! By far the most comfortable bed we've ever slept in. Cheese, crackers and a bottle of champagne greeted us in the room. Every request was met with quick response. Upon our morning arrival the hotel gladly held our bags until our room was ready. The exercise area and pool were an added treat as we were traveling with children. The location was perfect--we walked or took the train everywhere which saved on cab fare. Close to the Navy Pier and American Girl Store (a must-do for girls). We would definitely stay there again--even for full price!	
Sep 30 2003	Wyndham ByRequest is the way to go!	After referring to Trip Advisor, decided to book the Wyndham. Book directly through the website-you can get the best deals here if you prepay. Got a weekend rate of $155/night. After getting another tip off this website, I joined &quot;Wyndham ByRequest&quot; which is free-got a free upgrade to a Suite and they had cheese, crackers and wine waiting for us in the room when we got there. The location of the hotel is great-just around the corner from the Magnificient Mile. There was a good workout room and the staff was polite and helpful. We never ate at the hotel b/c there is a &quot;Corner Bakery&quot; across the street, which is a great spot for breakfast. I would definitely recommend the Wyndham and plan to stay in one again in the future. Joining the ByRequest made the difference in our experience and I would recommend doing so.	
Sep 6 2003	Great hotel		
Aug 23 2003	Loved the Wyndham!		
Jul 25 2003	Great location Great Room		
Jul 24 2003	Loved Our Stay at the Wyndam		
Jul 11 2003	Wonderful hotel wonderful experience.		
Jun 30 2003	Beautiful Hotel		
May 22 2003	Lovely hotel. I'd stay again.		
Dec 13 2002	Surly Front Desk - Needs Cust. Svc Training!		
Nov 3 2002	comfy big beds!		
Jul 18 2002	Great Hotel!		
Oct 1 2009 	??????????????		
Jul 11 2009 	Super Hotel		
Dec 29 2008 	Ottimo hotel		
Dec 10 2008 	überteuert		
Nov 19 2008 	Bell'Hotel ottima posizione!		
Oct 7 2008 	Wyndham Chicago beste Lage große Zimmer gepflegt		
