	Loved it!	Loved it! One of my favorite hotel's that we have stayed at in Chicago. Great room, great breakfast, great location. Everyone we came in contact with was so pleasant. The lobby was beautiful. The room in nicely updated - and breakfast was delicious. Hopefully we get a chance to stay here in the future and most defiantly will recommend it to our friends.	
Nov 1 2009 	Everything you'd expect no dissapointments	This hotel lives up to its billing. It has a friendly staff, clean rooms, good complimentary breakfast, and a handy manager's reception nightly. The facility is well maintained, well appointed and almost feels like a luxury hotel. The &quot;suite&quot; layout is ideal for a family vacation, especially with children who still need naps or go to sleep at night early, because the bedroom and living room are separate. The location is fair, depending on your itinerary. Yes, Navy Pier is three blocks away and the Magnificent Mile is two blocks away; however, the red line of the L-train is 5 blocks away (closest station). There is a free trolley running on Illinois St and Grand Ave. at least on the weekend between Navy Pier and the Grand/State station; Embassy Suites is directly between these. The cost is fair, as well. It would be nicer for hotel guests to pay less for parking, but I'm sure they charge what the market will bear. The actual room rate is competitive, if not slightly superior to other hotels in the area. Dominick's supermarket is directly across Columbus Ave if you need supplies, but you should also consider Fox &amp; Obel (one block toward Navy Pier on Illinois St) if you like a more up-market selection. They also have reasonably priced brown box meals to go, which are a nice contrast to the typical deep dish or deep fried vacation food.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great location for a weekend trip. Nice large rooms.	My wife and I stayed at this Embassy Suites for one night while attending our reunion in Chicago. We arrived about a half hour before check-in and did not get a room until about 45 minutes after check-in time. They gave us a nice room on the top floor so I guess I can't complain. The complimentary happy hour was very busy, but the bar tenders kept up pretty well. The room was very nice with a nice view. The complimentary breakfast was pretty nice, but again it was pretty busy. The breakfast was not as nice as some of the smaller Embassy Suites I have stayed at, but still pretty good.We parked at a nearby parking garage for $31. You can valet park at the hotel for $39. We drove around a bit but couldn't find anything less than $31 for the night.I would definitely stay at this hotel again if I needed to stay in downtown Chicago.	
Oct 26 2009 	Among the Worst Hotel Experiences	Stayed at this hotel for a conference in late Oct 2009. I have some experiences to share: 1. This hotel has extremely bad cell reception throughout. My colleagues and I can't hear each other when calling from each other''s room, or calling from lobby to the rooms. I nicely pointed out this problem to the front desk supervisor ( no manager on duty at 8am in the morning), all she can say was &quot;sorry&quot; without ever acknowledge the problem. 2. Spoke with front desk twice trying to get some help on restaurant information reservation. The first night when I called, asked them to help me make a reservation about the Webber's restaurant. I was told that &quot;on a Wed night, you don't need reservation for a party of three - just walk-in you will get a table&quot;. So my colleagues and I &quot;walked - in&quot;, and it is a 45 mins wait. Apparently, nearly every night is like that. The second day, I tried to get some information about a good restaurant that I can take a client to. Again, they don't know anything, take a long time just to find out a phone number for a restaurant's (Shuler Steakhouse) which just across the street from them. 3. On my first day there, I tried to call the front desk by dialing &quot;0&quot;. First try, maybe 15 rings, no one answered. Second try, after 10 rings, someone answered. I politely asked the girl if I should call a different extension to reach the front desk directly as I have been trying. The girl rudely said &quot; I answered now&quot; without even apologizing. 4. Although the room is pretty nice, the hall ways leading to my room smells bad. 5. On the plus side, they do have free breakfast in the morning, and free happy hour drinks in the evening. I stayed at many hotels. The hotel has good &quot;hardware&quot; - rooms, lobby, etc. What they absolutely lacking is management, and employee training. By the way, their rates are not cheap, and very comparable with the Marriott which is .3 miles away, and beats their services quality by 200%. I will not stay at any Embassy hotels if I can help it.	
Oct 25 2009 	Great location and hotel	We stayed here for a few nights on a family trip to Chicago. This hotel is in a great location - only a few blocks from Navy Pier and Michigan Avenue. The rooms were nice and clean - nothing special. The waits for food and the cocktail reception could be really long with people grabbing tables as quick as possible. However, for a free buffet - I shouldn't really complain! : )We did the average &quot;stuff&quot; in Chicago - Navy Pier, Michigan Avenue, American Girl store, Lego store, Sears Tower and John Hancock Building. We took the water taxi from Navy Pier to Sears (Willis) Tower, which was fun for my son and more enjoyable than a taxi. We realized coming back that if we took the water taxi to Michigan Avenue - it was only a two block walk to our hotel.	
Oct 24 2009 	Worst experience ever - won't stay here again !	While traveling on business as a meeting planner, upon checking in, the extremely rude front desk said my pre-paid reservation for 4 nights had been cancelled by Orbitz.. After an hour of negotiations, that proved not to be true and we were given a smoking room because they said that's all they had (after they told us the hotel was sold out!). The morning of the 4th day, we found a check out notice under our door, and after another 30 minutes of negotiations, they allowed us to stay the 4th night. I had planned on bringing a group to Chicago in 2011 for a convention, however, because of this experience, I wouldn't even consider it! The hotel is lovely, but the staff does not come up to par!	
Oct 19 2009 	My bag "disappeared" from a locked Bellman's closet hotel was very unhelpful	I had probably the worst hotel experience ever here. Before I even checked in, my carryon bag with everything I needed most was stolen from the bell closet and no one there really seemed to take it seriously. Early when I had moved some things in and out of the bag while accompanied by a bellman, everything seemed fine until I came back to retreive my bags and the most important one with my laptop,camera, jewelry,car key, medicine, etc had been removed from the middle of a pile of three bags...very suspicious. AND to add insult to this, the hotel insurance says they are not responsible abover $250...BE VERY CAREFUL HERE, they do not seem to care about their guests or the safety of their belongings. I arrived on a Sunday and it was when I was leaving on Tuesday evening that the security officer handed me his card as I was getting in my cab for the airport.	
Oct 16 2009 	Clean and updated hotel in a great location	My cousin and I stayed here for 2 nights and had a great experience. This is a really nice property in a fab location - Navy Pier and the Magnificent Mile are both within walking distance. The hotel itself is atrium-style with a glass ceiling, so it feels really open and airy, which I liked. The room itself was really clean and seemed to have been recently updated. The towels were thick and plush, and the breakfast offered lots of options and was of good quality. Like some other reviewers mentioned, there were lots of families with kids staying here but it didn't bother us. The only thing I didn't like was that there was no place to get a coffee onsite. I arrived early for check in and while waiting for my cousin to arrive I asked where I could get a coffee. The front desk person said that there wasn't any place in the hotel to get one and that I'd have to wait until the bar opened. I can't remember the last time I stayed in a big chain hotel where there wasn't a coffee kiosk or Starbucks outlet in the lobby. Kinda weird. That's the only (admittedly minor) gripe I have. Overall my experience was good.	
Oct 9 2009 	Outstanding Value	Outstanding hotel - recently remodeled, friendly staff, delicious breakfast, great location (many rooms have view of Lake Michigan). Front desk staff very helpful in extending reservation for an additional night. Breakfast staff &amp; mini mart staff very helpful and friendly. Conveniently located within short walk to Magnificent Mile &amp; Navy Pier. Chicago trolley stop next to hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Much improved	I stayed at the Embassy Suites in August of 2009. It was TERRIBLE! What could go wrong it did. At checkout they compensated me for some of it, and assured me that my next visit in Sept would be better. I decided to give it one more try, and it was WONDERFUL. I was told that only a handful of the same employees were there and they were dedicated to making a turn around. This has everything going for it, made to order breakfast, evening reception and location.	
Oct 8 2009 	great family hotel	Embassy Suites was definitely ideal for families with small children. The location of the hotel to the Magnificent Mile and Navy Pier couldn't have been better. We knew the kids, age 3 and 5, wouldn't be up for walking too much which is why this hotel was chosen. The complimentary made-to-order breakfast was great. We saved so much money on that alone that it made the hotel choice worthwhile. Overall, we were very satisfied with Embassy Suites and would definitely choose it again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very Convenient with Children	Overall very good experience, went there with 2 kids aged 5 and 3, suites are definitely convenient for families, and very clean, no real surprise like any embassy suiteon the downside, I can mention that it was very crowdy for breakfast (not too mention a 20mins waiting line to get freshly cooked omelettes), there were no bagels though it was not bad at all.Also, they charged me $15 for a 24hr internet connection which I found a bit steep..on the upside, there is an indoor pool which seemed nice but did not have time,,,	
Oct 8 2009 	Valet damaged our car! Hotel mgmt didn't care!	The hotel itself was fine, except for the noise factor. We could not figure out where the noise was coming from, as we had no immediate neighbors. It turns out we were hearing someone from an entirely different floor through the vents!We had two rooms on the 13th floor. One faced the lake and the other faced the river.All in all, a decent value ($250/night during our stay) for a good location.The main reason I'm writing this review is that I'd like to caution against using the valet at the hotel. It is operated by a company named Impark. We used valet for both our cars. Upon getting our car back, there was obvious damage to our new vehicle's driver side door. It took us waiting almost THREE hours and having the Chicago police come and take a report before we felt comfortable leaving. They refused to provide insurance information. The Chicago police asked them for it and their business license and they refused to provide it - even to the police. They said they didn't have it in this location (illegal to not have a business license on display, by the way). We're still waiting for our reimbursement for our car's damage. To top it off, they still charged us the $48 parking fee even though our car was damaged. Additionally, the hotel's bellman rammed a bell cart into the other vehicle we had parked with Valet. Our familoy couldn't afford to keep waiting, so they just ignored the small ding it left on their vehicle.The main problem, other than the nearly-$500 damage our vehicle sustained, was that the hotel manager was unavailable. When we finally did get ahold of him, he was entirely unconcerned that our vehicle was damaged! We did not even get an apology. He just told us they contract out valet and so it was not the hotel's problem. Sure, it is not... but we were paying guests using their valet, which was on our hotel bill. We don't care who operates it. What poor customer service!We will NEVER stay at this hotel again. We will also never valet in Chicago again... as this was the second time a brand new vehicle of ours was damaged by valet!	
Oct 7 2009 	Friendly Staff / Great Location / Excellent Service	We spent 4 nights at the Embassy Suites Chicago Downtown Lakefront and everything was terrific. The staff at check-in, bell hop, valet and bartenders were all very friendly and readily available. The breakfast buffet was very good and not too crowded if you go early. The manager's reception in the evening was great and the bartenders were terrific. On checkout the bell hop offered to get us a cab to the airport for $45 (that's the going rate) but when the cab was late they offerred us a full-stretch limo instead for the same price! The kids really enjoyed that. I would recommend this hotel for both families and business travelers.	
Oct 7 2009 	Comfy room 	Spacious room and a fab, partial lake view. Watched the Navy Pier fireworks from the bedroom window -- sweet! Noise was a problem. Paper thin walls -- TV and conversations on either side were so loud that other guests might as well have been in the room with us. I don't think it was our neighbors' fault -- I could even hear sneezes, the walls have no soundproofing. Service was spotty. While the front desk was great, the housekeeping staff skipped our room one day. The Manager's Reception was a zoo -- at least 50 people in line in front of us both nights, and a fairly surly woman pouring drinks once we finally made it to the bar. We'd probably stay here again for the super location and spacious rooms w/fridge and microwave. But honestly I would trade the breakfast and drinks hour for better soundproofing and free Wi-Fi. (Internet = $14.95/day, ouch!)	
Oct 5 2009 	Very good hotel poor service	Booked this hotel on Hotwire for only $108/night, which really was a steal. The hotel is in a very good location and the rooms were quite nice, but front desk service was really lacking. I was there for a four night stay, and for three of those days my keycard wouldn't give me access to my room, forcing the desk to call security each time to let me into their room. Things break, that I understand, but still not fixed three days later? Unacceptable. To top it off, not once did the front desk even offer an apology for the problem, and this was dealing with multiple front desk staff due to the many times I needed to be let into my room. They just stated very matter of factly that their card system wasn't working properly and security would have to let me into the room. I don't expect them to bend over backwards apologizing, but a simple &quot;we're sorry for the inconvenience&quot; would have been nice.Would I stay there again? Yes, because the price was right and it was a good location, but I just wouldn't be expecting much from the front desk.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great location good for kids some service challenges	My wife and 4 1/2 yo daughter stayed here during one of the busiest summer weekends- The air and water show.First of all, the location is great. It is easy to walk to Navy Pier, the beach, Michigan Avenue, even with a youngster. The hotel is just a few years old and is holding up well. We paid extra for a lakeview room but, because of the number of high rises around it, probably not worth the extra expense.The rooms, as with all Embassy's we've stayed at, are spacious and comfortable. Breakfast was very good and they had an amazing omelet chef who was fun just to watch as he cranked out special order after special order.On the service side they were a bit challenged. I recognize that this was a big weekend and they were packed but feel they should have known this as well and planned for it more. Front desk waits, happy hour lines over 100 feet long and luggage check out all took time away from our holiday in Chicago. They also only had the concierege available for part of the day. Two times we were looking for advice and help and because the concierge was 'off-duty' we would have had to wait in line to get a suggestion.	
Sep 27 2009 	Fantastic!!	We had a 4 night stay at the Embassy Suites for a girlfriends get-away, and we couldn't have picked a better hotel. Every employee from front desk, to cleaning service, to breakfast greeter was friendly and helpful and always seem to have a welcome smile on their face. Our 11th floor 2-room suite was perfect for 4 women. It was very quiet, and the air conditioning worked fine. We were concerned about only one bath for 4 women, but the bar sink with mirror in the living area, and additional sink/mirror in the bedroom gave us plenty of options for hair and make-up. The room, and everything about the hotel was clean and fresh. We asked for additional hangers and they were delivered in minutes.The large buffet breakfast was both a time and money saver, as were the free evening cocktails. Best of all was the location. We walked everywhere! It was very centrally located only about 2 blocks from the river walk, 2 blocks off of Michigan Ave (shopping), and 2 blocks from Navy Pier, and yet was away from high traffic areas. While you are there, if you would like a great Italian restaurant with the real old world Italian feel, try Volare, just about 1 block from the Embassy Suites. They are wonderful!	
Sep 20 2009 	Avoid this Hilton property	Check in went smoothly. We were able to check in early, however because the hotel was completely sold out we were given a smoking room. The room was very warm and stuffy although the thermostat was sent at the lowest setting.When maintenance arrived and pulled the font of the unit off the air filter was so filthy it looked like it had not been changed for years. The quality of air in the room was very poor. The bathroom was very dirty with only bare amenities. There was 1 bar of soap, 1 bottle of shampoo and no hair dryer. Over all the hotel was not very clean. The chairs in the breakfast area were very dirty. Carpets were stained and food trays left in the hall ways for extended periods of time.There was no concierge and no one at the front desk could answer any questions.The quality of this hotel has really gone done hill in the last few years. I have stayed here on a least 6 occasions in the past because of the good location but because of the poor service and the lack of cleanliness I will not return. Perhaps I'm expecting too much from Embassy Suites, but at one time this was a pretty nice hotel to stay at. It appears that they need a major renovation of the rooms and common areas as well as improvement in overall customer service. Hilton should be ashamed.	
Sep 17 2009 	Excellent location!	We stayed at the Embassy Suites over Labor Day weekend for a wedding. We are HHonors Diamond Members. We had a top floor 1 bedroom suite (17th floor). The elevators were the fastest elevators I have ever been on. Never had to wait more than 2 minutes. The room was extremely comfortable. There was a queen sofa sleeper in the living room with a TV. The bedroom had a King bed with another TV. We used the valet for parking. Not happy with the $49.00 day parking, but MOST of the hotels downtown Chicago charge about that much. Service was perfect. Loved the Managers reception 5:30pm to 7:00pm every night, snacks with free cocktails. The breakfast in the morning was great. It was crowded, but it was a holiday weekend. We did not have any trouble finding a seat. I HIGHLY recommend this hotel. You are close to EVERYTHING! We did the Architecture Cruise http://www.chicagoline.com/which was within walking distance from the hotel. Excellent!	
Sep 16 2009 	perfect	This is with doubt one of the best hotels we have ever stayed at, it was our first visit to Chicago, we booked through hotwire and got it for 100$ per night.THe location is brilliant the complimentary breakfast was excellent we never had to queue, the 2 hour free drinks was great and you could order what ever you wanted. The staff were friendly and efficent, small swimming pool was fit for purpose, rooms are large and spotless clean,we viisted over labour day weekend and it was busy but this is a well run hotel and we never felt stressed. I cannot reccomend this hotel enough and we have stayed in many around the world, we definitley visit Chicago again it is a wonderful city with wonderful people. WE went to see the jersey boys it was brilliant it closes in Jan so if you are in Chicago dont miss it, Sullivans steak house food excellent , give PF Changs a miss this one not up to usual standard, P clarkes connected to hotel food ver good and good prices.	
Sep 1 2009 	Such a Friendly Hotel	We stayed at the Embassy Suites Hotel Chicago Downtown for a girls weekend. We had a great time, everyone on the staff was VERY friendly. We actually had a large number of us in the room, which was not a problem because the rooms are a decent size. The staff was very accomodating when we needed more towels, blankets, etc. There is a great free breakfast in the hotel lobby. It has made-to-order omelets, plus everything else a person could want. The consierge was very helpful, told us where to go, what to walk to and where to take cabs. The hotel is in a great location, we walked everywhere. Michigan Avenue, Navy Pier, Weber Grill for dinner. We would highly reccomend it to anyone!	
Aug 21 2009 	Wonderful place with included extras.	Traveling Grandparents with young grandkids. We throughly enjoyed this hotel. The bonus reception with drinks and snacks was a money saver. The breakfast was hot and plentiful. We were always at breakfast early, so we did not encounter crowds. The pool was on the small side, but only the grandkids swam, it worked out fine for us. The room was wonderful, we could put the kids to bed and close the door, while the adults stayed in the livingroom (two televisions helped). We had three sinks, which was very handy. Close to American Girl, and other great shopping. The view from our room was fantastic. No problems with housekeeping. The staff was friendly and helpful. There is a great grocery store right across the street, with resonable prices. The restaurant attatched to Embassy is called PJ Clarks, the kids ordered mac &amp; cheese that was just delicious, for only $4.95. We enjoyed ourselves at this hotel.	
Aug 15 2009 	excellent location complimentary breakfast expensive internet	I was there for 3 nights for a conference. The check in process was quick and the staff was very friendly. The suite was very big but almost no space for the hanging clothing or the luggage. It was clean but there were also some stains from prior leaks which could have been cleaned or renovated. The wireless internet cost 14,95 a day and is veeeeery slow. Not worth...There is complimentary breakfast wich is really good, rich, even with cook to order. This can save you a lot of money if you like to have breakfast every morning.The staff was always very nice and helpful. They have a business center which is free of charge to use.The air condition in the lobby and in our conference room was a bit of a problem. it was very cold. Between 60 and 65. Especially when you come from the outside this cannot be very healthy. We made all (from the conference) complaints but it didnt change. Not sure if something was broken of if they ignored us.However the hotel has some signs of the age and could be updated in some areas. The location is great, withing walking distance to Navy Pier and other attractions.I would stay here again.	
Aug 5 2009 	Good But Not Great	Stayed at this Embassy for Market Days with some friends and loved the location and the look of the property. I had a similar problem with checking in early as one of the other reviewers. I checked the night before we checked in to make sure that the hotel had rooms available the night before we checked in which meant vacant ready rooms for the early afternoon on the day we were arriving. We arrived at the hotel around 1230pm and were advised that there were no rooms ready and we would have to come back at 3pm, and we were also told that we would have to carry all of our bags back downstairs to Bell Services ourselves to leave with the plethora of other luggage crowding the entrance. I did call the hotel shortly after we left to eat before coming back, and the person on the phone informed me that they did have clean rooms available and a person could walk in to get a room and checkin now, which was kind of irritating. I did not want to make a fuss so I let it go.We came back at 3 and our room was ready. The room was very spacious and nicely appointed, great view from the 17th floor. Housekeeping was efficient and never bothered us when we were in our room, we did however have to call down 4 times for extra towels, and after an hour they met us halfway down the hallway to get them. Breakfast was plentiful and lots of tasty variety. It can be crowded but the service staff was on top of turning tables around as other guests left. The manager's reception was better in the way of drinks than the Embassy in Rosemont, but the snacks were still a little lacking, 2 kinds of similar snack mix and tortilla chips just don't do it for me all the time. Pool and hot tub area were nice, a little small but perfectly functional for the space, it didnt feel crowded.Beds were comfortable and location was great in relation to Michigan Avenue, and only a couple of blocks from the Red Line station at Grand. Overall it was a good stay, and I would stay again. Watch your bill though, on checkout they tried to charge us 49$ for Valet parking, for one day, when we took the bus into the city, so after a couple of questions of &quot;are you sure you didnt have a car?&quot; they removed the charge. Good property with a great location, just some minor service issues. Will most likely be staying again in the spring.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great location happy with our stay	I was able to obtain a good rate for this hotel through Hotwire. I then had called the hotel to request a King room in a quieter area of the hotel. At checkin you need to be watchful for the hotel entrance on Illinois St. It's easy to miss this driveway. The driveway was extremely congested upon our arrival. My son and I managed all of our luggage ourselves and went up the elevator to the hotel lobby to check in. We were placed in a room on the 6th floor, which is actually the first floor for rooms. Our room was clean and ready for us as requested. We stayed for 3 days and yes, by far the majority of the guests were families with children or reunion type groups. This is not the place for a quiet get away for couples. The breakfast was fine and certainly offered plenty to eat. I don't think it's worth the wait to stand in the long line for your &quot;cooked to order omelet&quot;. All the other side dishes are the same as offered on the two buffet lines. Yes, it was crowded, but workable. Instead of paying the $42/night to park our car at the Embassy Suites we used the parking lot just caddy corner from the Embassy Suites on Illinois for $29/night. Be sure to go to the grocery store (Dominick's) directly across the street from the hotel to purchase your CTA bus cards. $5.75/24 hours of unlimited bus and train travel- great for getting around town easily. From the outside you can't tell Dominicks is a grocery store- look for the Starbucks. The hotel's location is ideal as you can easily walk to Michigan Ave. or down to Millennium Park. On a personal note: I discovered after we checked out that I had left my purse in the room. Panicked I called the hotel and was told that Security would take care of looking for my purse. Sure enough, upon my return they did indeed have my purse waiting for me. I was so grateful!	
Jul 31 2009 	Terrible place to stay	I should have know the charcter of this hotel, by when we pulled up to check in.......There was tons of tons of luggage left in the hotel driveway on the curb. That was my first sign, but I ignored thinking a large group must have just arrived. Then inside the hotel was more luggage, against my better judgment I left my luggage with bellmen. Which he assured me that it would be brought up to my room as soon as I get checked in. Well, that never did happen...I was then told at check in my luggage will be right up. 2 hours later before I received my luggage...I was so upset, after calling and calling get one excuse after another. Then, I did not know the Embassy Suites is now a kids hotel, I would have never stayed, there was hundreds of kids running around, playing on escalators, no parents, no hotel security supervising these kids, I finally had to tell a couple of them to stop running and playing on the esclators and elevators, it was horrible. Then the room, it was horrible, left over container of food in my room, strong odor, I moved rooms, but the hotel staff was not very nice. Got through that, the next room, well it also spelled bad, not very clean, no coffee pot, no hand towels, I mean does the maid not check these rooms, basic stuff. I would never stay there again and would not recommend this hotel. Even though the location is a good one, it's not worth it, I would spend more to be at a upscale hotel. Oh, upon requesting bellman to get my luggage because we would store our luggage since we had a early evening flight. Well, by time I got to the lobby, what do I see but my luggage outside security door, in front of elevator, anyone could have walk out of the hotel with my luggage, no security, no bellman. I was so upset, they had no explanation, I then had to stay there until I saw my luggage get locked up inside their security luggage room,They really need to find a method to handling baggage, and they need to review their staff's task...One last thing, I heard a maid walking in the hall using foul language....Do they not get training any longer, customer service is horrible......Oh, one other comment....The so called free breakfast, was terrible, filty, out of food, out of coffee, you get there between the times they tell you is best and they told everyone else that was the best time also, so it is full, lines everywhere, people food trays left on tables, no clean spot to sit down at, and again kids running all over the place....Just a horrible experience.	
Jul 30 2009 	One of the top Embassy Suites!	My husband and I have stayed in numerous Embassy Suites around the country and found this ES to be one of the best we've ever been in. (We checked in at this hotel after 4 nights at the Chicago Hilton attending a conference.) We used our Hilton Honors points to pay for 3 nights at the Embassy Suites. Previously when using the points, I've sometimes wondered if we were getting not quite as nice a room because we weren't &quot;paying customers.&quot; With this Embassy, there was nothing to question... our room was wonderful! We had requested an upper level room with a view and we were assigned a room on one of the top floors with a beautiful city view and view of the Chicago River! The comfort in the room was superb... everything from the beds and pillows to the room temperature. Not only did the AC work, but there was also a ceiling fan! The 2 flat screen TVs and the contemporary decor were also nice. (Not all Hilton properties have upgraded yet to flat screen TVs, like the Chicago Hilton which by the way was also HOT with very poor housekeeping) Other reviewers have spoken of the crowds at breakfast... yes, that's true, but the food was very good and there was a lot of variety. There were loads of wait staff who busily kept the tables cleaned off so that it wasn't difficult to find a clean table. I loved the piano music in the background coupled with the sound of water flowing down the wall like fountain/room divider... so even though there were lots of people, the atmosphere was relaxing. Others have also spoken to the wonderful grocery store across the street, the ease in getting to Navy Pier walkiing or taking the MTA bus that comes by the hotel, The hotel is only a few blocks away from the Magnificent Mile (great shopping) or you can catch another bus to many other areas in the city. There are numerous taxis ... and you can either hail your own taxi immediately outside the hotel (street side) OR go out the other side of the lobby where taxis are lined up at the hotel auto lobby and the doorman will have a taxi pull up for you. The doorman was also helpful in offering to get us a towncar for transportation and telling us the slight differentce in price to take a towncar to your destination versus a taxi . And there was usually a Lincoln towncar also readily available. (EX: taxi - $18 to Briar Street Theater to see Blue Man Group or $20 to same location riding in a Lincoln Town Car. We opted for the Town Car.) The people in Chicago are very friendly and were always helpful... even the bus drivers! And the city is absolutely gorgeous with so many blooming flowers and colorful plants. But back, to the Embassy Suites. We loved this hotel and will definitely make this our hotel of choice the next time we return to Chicago.	
Jul 29 2009 	Good location	The hotel was nice. The room was spacious &amp; tastefully decorated. There was a good variety of food on the breakfast buffet although I thought it was a little odd that there were no bagels nor muffins. The hotel was in a good location &amp; close to bus stops. We were able to take the bus all over the downtown area. The only negative we experienced was that all of our keys would not work when we got back to our room the first night. They gave us new room keys &amp; told us to keep them away from any cell phones &amp; credit cards. I've never had a hotel tell me that before. My key only worked that one time. I didn't bother getting a new key again. I kept the key in the same place in my purse that I have kept other hotel keys &amp; this is the first hotel I've ever had a key problem. Otherwise, we had an enjoyable stay.	
Jul 27 2009 	Wonderful place	I loved this hotel. Rooms are huge and so is the bathroom. This cleaning service was awesome. The complimentary breakfast was much better than I expected and there was plenty of food at all times. I did also liked very much teh manager's reception. You could have free drinks for two hours and also snacks! The staff was always willing to help, they sure made my stay very comfortable!	
Jul 17 2009 	Great Hotel	The location of this hotel is great. Located a couple blocks away from miracle Mile and the Navy Pier, there is plenty of shopping and dining opportunities. 2 grocery stories are within a block and with refrigerators and microwaves in the room, you can save a little money.The free breakfast is great but not very accessible for wheelchairs. Service staff didn't seem to care. But that was the only example of poor service. Everything else was great.The lack of free Internet was disappointing for the price of the hotel. Rooms are spacious and well decorated. The sky lounge is several floors up, located over a bowling alley and movie theaters but you'd never know it.	
Jul 13 2009 	Perfectly nice stay	Found staff to be helpful, we checked in rather late but that did not cause any problems. Rooms were of a very good size with two queen beds and a double sofa bed in the lounge area. Very modern and clean. Excellently situated for Navy Pier and the bus for downtown stops at the back of the hotel.Agree with other reviewers about the breakfast. As it is free, there were huge queues and although the range of foods was extensive, the food was often lukewarm. Used by many families, but this was not a problem for us with noise not being an issue.Would be more than happy to stay there again when I go back to further explore the great city of Chicago.If exploring the city by public transport, be sure to buy a pass, 3 days cost only $14, a real bargain.	
Jul 9 2009 	My Kind of Town	I could sleep under the stars in a sleeping bag in downtown Chicago (actually, I have....) and it would be great. With the world's greatest food and the best city skyline, anyplace is terrific. The view from my hotel room here is among the best I've seen in Chicago: Tribune building, Wrigley clock tower, Trump tower, Sears tower (or whatever its called now), BP building, University of Chicago, and the river. Wow! Awesome restaurants a short walk or cab ride away (this time we enjoyed Nacional 47, a Lettuce Entertain You salsa club). Cab was very easy to hail in front of hotel. 24 hour supermarket across the street, walking distance to lakefront, Navy Pier, Grant Park, and Michigan Ave. shopping. And it's way cheaper than the Peninsula, 4 Seasons, or the Drake.Oh yeah, the hotel. Tall modern chic-urban Embassy Suites. Covered Valet parking for $49 extra per night was ok. Check in kiosk was broken and check-in through clerks was average at best. Elevators are fast. General motif is modern, and rooms are a little more trendy than most ES. Rooms include smoke detector, refrigerator (no freezer), table with 3 chairs, easy chair, sleeper sofa, microwave, coffee pot, and hair dryer. Although I was there with my wife and young teens, we had so much fun in the city we slept through breakfast and never got to use the pool. So I can't comment on how this would be for a relaxing hotel-based stay, but why would you want one of those in Chicago? If your significant others won't go the sleeping bag in Chicago route, this is a great second choice.	
Jul 1 2009 	Wonderful place to stay downtown!	We loved this hotel! We are huge fans of Embassy Suites anyway -- and this one didn't disappoint us. We took Amtrak into town so we didn't have to worry about the parking price -- but you will pay that price anywhere you stay downtown.What I loved the most was the location. You are so close to things -- Dominick's (a beautiful grocery store w/a Starbucks inside), Walgreens, AMC movie theater, and a bowling alley. Also, you are within 10 to 15 minutes walking to Michigan Ave. shopping in one direction and Navy Pier the other direction.We also enjoyed P.J. Clarke's restaurant adjacent to the hotel. At first I was disappointed that they didn't have a kids' menu. But, they had a few very kid-friendly selections on their adult menu -- cheeseburger, grilled cheese (my kids' choice -- it was superb!), pasta, etc. And, they did have crayons and a placemat to color and games to play on the back. The staff was wonderful -- and VERY accomodating! I was also pleasantly surprised at the pool. When I looked at it on the website it looked like a true lap pool -- well, it is but wider than a single-lap lap pool. It was amazing how many kids were in that pool -- and it didn't seem like they were on top of each other. My son and I also used the fitness room and were very pleased with that.All in all -- an excellent stay!	
Jun 28 2009 	Not Pleased	Coming into Chicago on late night train with kids so made reservations well in advance. Arrived at hotel to find the only room they had left was a smoking room. They have you over a barrell with tired kids at midnight. The room was nasty, stinky and we all felt dirty. The pull out sofa bed is one of the worst I've ever slept on -- the mattress must be less than 2 inches thick and all smelly night long I felt every bar in the bed. The next morning our toilet was stopped up and wouldn't flush at all.  Breakfast was a madhouse and although it was plentiful, nothing was very good. The coffee was bad. The eggs were cold. I guess the fruit was ok.  We were told we could change rooms to a non-smoking this morning so we packed everything and took it downstairs at about 9:00 AM. We told the front desk staff that we were leaving for the day and we were told we would have a non-smoking room when we returned. We had to take our bags down to the lobby level and leave them with the bellman. All of this just took time as we had to wait in line for both things. Upon returning at 3:30 we went to the bell stand and were told we would have to go up to the lobby and see if we had a room (why can't they just call since we're already checked in?) We went upstairs and had to wait in line and when we finally got to the desk, we had not been assigned a room. The clerk messed with the computer for about 10 minutes and finally assigned a room. We were told the bell staff would bring our luggage. 45 minutes later, still no luggage. We called the bell stand and they said they would get it right away and the brought it right up -- I don't think the desk even notified the bell staff. After a nap we were getting ready to go back out and I noticed there isn't even a hair dryer---called to have a hairdryer brought up. 45 minutes later, no hair dryer. To avoid wasting even more or our vacation time dealing with this incompetent staff, I showered and left for Navy Pier with wet hair. After arriving back at the hotel, I called the front desk to bring the hair dryer and explained I had requested one earlier and it hadn't arrived --I asked to have it brought up, along with 2 glasses. The clerk didn't offer any apology for the earlier inconvenience and responded with a tone that made it seem like she was inconvenieced by the request. She just said, &quot;I'll tell someone&quot; About 30 minutes later the requested items arrived. This place is nothing special, but the staff just seems incompetent and unconcerned about guest satisfaction. The rooms are ok, but they just don't feel very clean. I'm in the hotel room right now and unfortunately, I have to stay here tonight, but never again.I wouldn't stay here again.	
Jun 15 2009 	Nice stay	I was in town for the weekend with my mom and two daughters for our annual girls trip to Chicago. I had tried to book the State St. Embassy Suites, where we stayed last year, but they would only let me use my Hilton points at this location. We arrived in the morning and pre-registered for our room where they reserved a lake view room for us. This made me happy as I am all about the view! The decor here is modern, which is not my taste , so it seems a little cold. The location is very good--close to Navy Pier and close to Michigan Ave, so we spent Friday afternoon shopping. There is also a great grocery store across the street that has everything you would need. When we came back, our room was ready. All was in order...looked clean and lake view as promised. The first night we took advantage of the free cocktail hour. Choices were limited, but hey, it's free. We walked to Volare' for a yummy Italian dinner, then came back to the hotel to watch tv. My girls (ages 14 and 11) were going to swim in the pool, but complained that it was too small and didn't go in. It looks more like a lap pool, but too crowded to ever swim laps. The furniture in the living area was in good condition, but not especially comfortable to relax in. The pull-out bed is extremely uncomfortable, so don't plan to sleep there unless you are a small child. Also, the walls are thin, which we discovered at 3am when our noisy neighbors rolled in. Saturday morning we got up and arrived at breakfast at 9am--the same time as the majority of the other guests at the hotel. They advise you to eat early, and we learned our lesson as lines were very long. The food was actually very good though, especially the omelettes. The day was spent seeing the Art Institute, Mary Poppins, then out to dinner. We arrived back at the room in time to watch the Sat. night fireworks (off Navy Pier) from our window. Very cool! Sunday was a beautiful day and we walked over to Millenium Park and hung out before catching the train home. Overall, our hotel stay was good. I love Chicago and always have fun here, but have stayed at better places. It is a great value though, especially if you take advantage of the free cocktails and breakfast. If you are debating between the two Embassy Suites, the State St. one would be my pick, although it is a little more expensive. It is just a little more comfortable and friendlier, although no lake view.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great Hotel Value in Chicago	I highly recommend the Embassy Suites Downtown lakefront. The free breakfast in the morning is amazing, as are the free drinks during the manager's evening reception. The location is great, between Michigan Ave and Navy Pier. Rooms are very large, especially for downtown Chicago. Parking is expensive, but it's that price everywhere. Pool is small, but you are not staying there for the pool. Staff are wonderful here. Highly recommend.	
Jun 3 2009 	Comfortable spacious room - internet access NOT included in rate	My husband and I arrived for a 3 night stay, in town for a huge convention during which room rates are inflated all over town. This is a very nice Embassy Suites, comfortable, convenient and I have no complaints about our room, service or any of the usual Embassy Suites amenities except that internet access is only available for an additional $15.00 per calendar day. For $300 per night, a rate discounted for registered convention attendees, this really should be included or be a onetime fee. We just payed the fee but I was aggravated. Offering this service costs the hotel almost nothing - even the grocer across the street offers free WiFi! Any way to make a buck, i guess.	
May 21 2009 	Good choice for Chicago stay.	We booked the Conrad hotel for 2 nights but when we arrived we were told our reservation had been changed to the Embassy Suites Lakefront. We didn't feel too happy about it but the staff were extremely helpful, they arranged a taxi to transfer us (and paid for it) when we arrived at the Embassy Suites the staff were expecting us and we were quickly checked in to suite no. 1129. The Conrad hotel later phoned to check everything was okay.We had a good view of the lake, the window has a wide ledge you can sit on and admire the view. The complimentary evening drinks and snacks and also breakfast were a surprise for us and we made good use of them. Breakfast was particularly good with a chef making hot food to order. We loved all the space we had in the suite and the bed was SO comfortable.I would definitely recommend staying there when in Chicago.	
Apr 28 2009 	Excellent hotel for families	Stayed for 6 nights in April. Features include big, clean rooms with comfy beds. Very good bathroom and shower. Very elegant inside and out. Very good location, 1-2 blocks from bus routes. Breakfast was the highlight for this trip (really good omelette's). Dominick's located across the street, Walgreen's and wine store behind the hotel. Need to improve: remote control did not work and was never replaced (complaint submitted on day of arrival), and the sofa bed was truly designed for small kids (no adults should be allowed to sleep there). Otherwise, an excellent option for Chicago visitors.	
Apr 27 2009	SIMPLY PERFECTION	My daughter and I went to Chicago for Easter w/e via The Cleveland/Chicago Megabus. We arrived in front of the train station on Union Avenue. We stayed at the Embassy Lakefront. The hotel was beautiful and the majority of the staff was friendly and helpful. Our room was spacious, two rooms with a plasma tv in living room and a regular large one in the bedroom. We had a microwave, mini fridge, and two sinks!. The hotel gives a comlimentary breakfast in the mornings which has pancakes, bacon, sausages, omelets, eggs, fresh fruit, hashbrowns, yogurt, pastries galore, juices, coffee etc. In the evening you have complimentary 2hr drinking or you can have soft drinks instead of alcohol . There is a supermarket across the street that has everything including your CTA bus passes. You are in walking distance to Navy Pier, Magnificent Mile and about fifteen minutes to the Lincoln Zoo. This hotel puts you where you need to be. Has a pool, fitness room, internet, It's clean, and it's adjacent to p.J. Clarkes restaurant. The food is great!.	
Apr 25 2009	AWESOME HOTEL; SUPERB SERVICE!	My 16 year old daughter and I stayed at the Embassy Suites Lakefront in Chicago forfour nights over Spring Break in April 09. What an awesome experience we had! We arrived a little early and expected to wait to be able to get checked in but we wereassigned our room immediately. The room was perfect. I am more than picky aboutcleanliness and the room was immaculate. We have stayed at several other downtownChicago hotels and this is by far the best and also the biggest. The other hotels wehave stayed in were tiny; the Embassy Suites is huge with a living area, bedroom (withan amazing city view!) and bathroom. The room was equipped with a small fridge, microwave and sink which was really nice too. The bed was heavenly with a downcomforter that was out of this world!  The doormen were always very friendly as were the front desk, the breakfast staff, the bartenders and the housekeeping staff. The free cooked to order breakfast was wonderful with many choices such as omelets, pancakes with strawberry and blueberry toppings, bacon, sausage, cereals, english muffins, bananas, oranges, biscuits and gravy, scrambled eggs, yogurt, melon, pineapple as well as a wide variety of beverages. The happy hour was also an added bonus with free drinks from the bar from 5:30-7:30PM each night. The location of this hotel is perfect; a couple blocks east of Michigan Ave and a couple of blocks west of Navy Pier. We walked everywhere for dining, shopping and sightseeing! Every single employee at this hotel was more than willing to go out of their way to help if help was needed. There is also a Cinema right around the corner as well as a Walgreens. Across the street is a fine grocery store with anything you would need. I am so happy we chose this hotel and can't wait to return again. I was so impressedand I have stayed in a lot of hotels. Thanks Embassy Suites Lakefront Chicago; WAY TO GO!!	
Apr 22 2009 	Very Poor	Stayed here for 3 nights in April..... and certainly would not stay here again. Stayed at the other Embassy Suites dowtown (only a few hundred yards away) for 6 nights in February, and the difference was unreal (much better). The staff are just about the rudest I have ever come across in a hotel... When we arrived in our taxi from the airport, two members of staff sat and watched as we struggled through the doors with our suitcases.We were then greeted at the front desk by the grumpiest person I've ever had the displeasure of dealing with..... and God forbid you need to phone the operator with any queries, because they are seriously not interested in answering any questions.The nearby Embassy Suites is in a better location in my opinion, and the staff are just about as friendly and helpful as you can get. There's a good reason it's rated higher on this site.P.S. The walls are very thin too, so if you are unlucky enough to have noisy neighbours, then good luck getting to sleep.	
Apr 21 2009 	Nice hotel and close to everything!	This hotel was very nice and clean. The service was exceptional everywhere from the bellhops when you first walked in to the desk staff, the bar staff, and the cleaning staff. The room was very large and had three sinks (one in the bathroom and two outside the bathroom). The manager's happy hour is a great way to relax before a night on the town.	
Apr 12 2009 	Great Staff Great Breakfast Great Value!	The woman taking our made-to-order breakfast orders had an amazing memory.... and my eggs were perfect every time. I like that they served cooked oatmeal rather than packets of instant-oats which so many other hotels have with their free breakfast. The fruit was fresh and sweet. We were there on business and never tried the pool or fitness center. It seems like a place where you could stay easily with kids. Our beds were comfy. I like the furniture. They provided shampoo, conditioner, and soap in our room. We asked the friendly competent front desk staff and were immediately given shower cap, body lotion, etc. I guess they arent putting one of everything in the rooms now to prevent waste? My partner comment on how well trained staff was...several times.	
Mar 20 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location Great Staff	Just got home from a 3 night stay at the Embassy Suites Downtown Chicago - Lakefront (Mar 15-18). After reading some reviews I was a little hesitant, but I work in a hotel so I'm very aware of how picky/unreasonable people can be so I kept an open mind. I was travelling with my boyfriend and another couple (mid to late 20s). When we arrived at the hotel at 12pm, we were greeted by the friendly doormen and took the elevator up to the Sky Lobby. Dinah at the front desk checked us in with no problem or hesitation even though we were 4 hours early. She was so frienly and helpful and has excellent customer service skills. Next, we went up to our rooms on the 17th floor, using a different elevator than the one we took to the sky lobby. At first, this seemed a little annoying (because you couldn't take an elevator from your room all the way down to the main floor) but we eventually grew used to it. The room was GREAT!!!! Very spacious, clean, comfortable bed and furniture, 3 sinks in total, good sized televisions....really couldn't have asked for more. The wireless internet in the room is $15.00 and I didn't find it to be that slow. If you don't want to pay the fee, you can access the internet in the business center for free and it is open 24 hours a day. The managers reception is an awesome way to start off your night. It is from 5:30-7:30 every night. You can only order one alcoholic drink at a time but there is no limit to the number of drinks you can have within the 2 hours (unless they have to cut you off). They also provide chips, salsa, and some other munchies. The bar tenders were very friendly and will make pretty much any drink you want. The line was long at times, but I didn't find the wait to be bad at all. (P a t i e n c e )Breakfast was great. They had a good variety and it was very convenient. The line for the omelette station can get a little long but if you just want a buffet style breakfast, they have a seperate cart for that where the line is very short (they only put it out when the hotel is over 50% occupancy). Overall, our stay was wonderful. I really can't complain about anything. I would definitely stay at this hotel again for several reasons:- Breakfast and Managers Reception- Great service from front desk, bar tenders, breakfast staff, and housekeeping attendant.- AWESOME location (only 2 blocks from the mag mile and close to Navy Pier)- Clean, spacious, and comfortable rooms.- Good and friendly atmosphere!Hope this review helps :)	
Mar 11 2009 	Great Location for Tourists	Just got back from a 4 night stay here with my wife and 6mnth old . Staff were friendly and helpful . Found the breakfast to be excellent . Didnt make the managers reception , but it's there . Pool opened at 6am which suited us perfectly and was clean and uncrowded. The suite suited us as we had our young daughter asleep in the complimentary crib while we watched TV in the other room and in the morning one of us sat with her in the lounge while the other got some sleep in the Bedroom. All this for $120 a night and only 2 blocks from Navy Pier one direction and 2 blocks to Michigan Ave. the other . Everything (touristy) in walking distance . While the wireless access is expensive , there is complimentary Internet Access in the Business Center available to all guests . All in all a great place for a break with kids . Very impressed	
Mar 7 2009 	Adequate but not a good example of an Embassy Suites hotel	I've stayed at many Embassy Suites and have generally had excellent experiences. Though this ES was tolerable, it was a bit of a letdown because it appeared to be a stripped-down version of the original concept. Good points: Excellent location for business; nicely finished rooms though a tad smaller than most I recall in this line. Staff are friendly and competent; cooked-to-order complimentary breakfast and Manager's Reception are, as always, strong pluses. The breakfast co-ordinator was really wonderful. An inexpensive pub-style restaurant at ground level was convenient for quick meals, and a grocery store across the street was also useful. Other points were not as strong. First, if they *must* charge for internet access (which costs them basically nothing), they shouldn't charge $15 per day *and* have only insecure wireless connections available. Upkeep was spotty; though clean, the rooms had one burned-out light bulb and the light at the computer station wasn't working either; in fact that light-and-plug combination had no power and there was nothing we could do about it because it was hard-wired. The interior courtyard, lush and gorgeous in most Embassy Suites, was open and sterile, dominated by a large vertical slate fountain that was damaged and was not in operation, nor had it been for a long time. A couple of rows of &quot;bamboos&quot; added a bit of green but the long-dead plants, to which plastic leaves were attached, had split open. Altogether rather depressing. But, if they fix some of these issues, and brought the hotel's atrium back up to ES standards, and held back on Internet fleecing, I'd recommend the place highly.	
Mar 5 2009 	Sufficient	I stayed at the Embassy Suites last January for a few nights...first off, I lived in Chicago for two years so staying in hotels is always a bit strange when I return. Anyway, the hotel is decent for business, it's in the Loop, has good access to the El and is close to Union Station. However, it was lacking something. Usually I like staying at Embassy Suites but this hotel is very unremarkable. It was clean enough and the people were nice enough but it's doubtful I'll stay there again. I'd rather stay at the Hilton downtown or even the Hilton Garden Inn on Ohio than the Embassy Suites. Plus, even as a Diamond Member, I had to pay $9.95 for internet per day. The nickle and diming really annoys me anyway, but when I stay at Hilton's 100 nights a year? Usually I get comped for stuff like this at the front desk but not this time. You've got a lot of choices downtown, and I'd look elsewhere. I will say the bar is nice in the lobby but the food for Happy Hour was pretty bland.	
Mar 1 2009 	Nice Embassy Suites .. just lacking	Stayed at this Embassy Suites for 2 nights while visiting Chicago. Arrived at the hotel at noon on a Saturday and was allowed to check-in early. Clerk who checked me in was nice, but seemed preoccupied. I took the Blue Line from O'hare to the Downtown Clark/Lake exit. The hotel is a good 10 block walk from this stop, so you may want to avoid it during inclement weather.The room was clean, however seemed a little dark and older compared to other Embassy Suites I have visited. The bathroom was on the small side. The Internet was a little slower than desired (not free). The breakfast was average and was served by pleasant staff. The Manager's Reception was also average. The elevators were fast and there was never a long wait. There were many families staying at this hotel over the weekend. Noise easily carried into my room from the adjoining rooms.Nearby the hotel is a Dominick's grocery store and a Walgreens. Attached to the hotel is a movie complex and bowling alley. The hotel is very near that Sheraton if you are trying to map it out. It is a little walk to some of the more famous restaurants in Chicago (and fast food if you are looking for a quick bite to eat). I did not use the pool but it seemed small. I noticed the hotel just refurnished its fitness center.Overall, this is an ok hotel with an ok staff. I feel the rooms could use a bit of a makeover. I would stay here again if I received a good deal.	
Feb 24 2009 	Great Hotel for location and price!!!	We stayed here for a family trip with our four kids. We chose this hotel based on price, locations, reviews and that they would allow all of us to stay in one room. (it's hard to find a hotel that doesn't make us get two room or pay a very expensive suite rate). I have read other reviews others who had a bad experience, but I will say that ours (and most others I read) was great! We checked in on a Friday afternoon. It was easy to find the valet parking and they were great. I hate to pay that much for parking, but you would find that at any hotel in Chicago. We took the elevator to the Sky Lobby to check in and waited maybe 5 minutes till it was our turn, no more that that. The staff was very nice and courteous. They had 2 people waiting to check everyone in, but as soon a line starting forming behind us, another person jumped right in to check in other guests. Our room was on the 16th floor. It is an open lobby area all the way to the ceiling so if you are a little scared of heights, you might want to get a room on the lower floors. The room was a suite with two double beds in the bedroom area with a tv and a sofabed in the living room. It had a small dining area in the living area with a flat screen tv, a larger bathroom than you see in most hotels, and a small kitchenette with a sink, a small refrigerator, and microwave. The bed linens and towels were nice and clean, with very comfortable beds. It also had a large armoire in the bedroom and a large entertainment center, and a good size closet so there was plenty of storage. The managers reception was a nice bonus as well as the breakfeast in the morning. At the managers reception you are offered all the free drinks you can drink (alcohol and non-alcoholic). I read one review that said they were disappointed that they had to wait in line for a drink, but HELLO , its free and how many people are staying there? - You have to expect to wait a little, but we never waited for long. The breakfeast in the morning was more than I expected, you had everything from pancakes and sausge to made to order omlets, cereals, fruits, yogarts, breads, juices, coffee, milk, potatoes. It is included with the price of your room, so it is free to everyone. I would recommend coming either earlier or later (we were there early) because around 8 am to 9 it is busy. The consierge was nice and very helpful. The only slightly negative thing I would say was the size of the pool. It is small (long, but not very wide), but there were never too many kids and ours had a great time. Plus, they had stacks of towels, so you didn't have to worry about bringing them from your room or running out by the pool. All in all for the price and locations in chicago (you are close to everything!) you can't beat this hotel. We will definitly stay here again.	
Dec 29 2008 	Great Hotel and Great Breakfast included!	We stayed at the Embassy Suites on Christmas day. We make an annual trip to Downtown Chicago on Christmas day and this time we decided to get a hotel room and my son and his wife came with. It's a great hotel, has a pool, whirlpool and sauna. It's in a great location. This is the second time we stayed at an Embassy Suites, we stayed at the one in Niagra Canada. Both are great hotels, Breakfast is included with your stay and it is a full breakfast. You can even get made to order omlettes. It's a great value when you consider all that is included. Draw back is cost of overnight parking, but that's the case no matter where you stay in Chicago. We usually take the train in from the suburbs and the $48 we save covers any cab fare.	
Dec 9 2008 	Great location and value	Overall, I enjoyed my five nights at the Embassy Suites. The room was very clean, with updated furnishings. Housekeeping service was excellent. There is a supermarket across the street, with a variety of hot dishes in addition to traditional groceries. Room service was prompt. It's a short walk to shopping areas and the Navy Pier. The business center was very handy for printing out airline boarding passes. Front desk staff were very friendly and helpful, especially with recommendations for public transportation and local restaurants.My only complaint about the hotel was the terrible internet service. Even after calling their technical support (overseas), the problem was not solved. Very disappointing, especially since the internet is not free.	
Nov 26 2008 	Nice large rooms true family hotel	Downtown Hotel near Navy Pier great for family's. Small pool still nice for smaller kids. Room nice large with two rooms. Good morning breakfast and free managers cocktail reception. For Business Travellers it can be good but the family's (kids) can be unexpected.	
Oct 30 2008 	Ok a maybe...	I stayed at the hotel the last week in October, 2008. Nice place that is trying real hard to be better. The entire place is glass so if you have a fear of heights ask for a low-low floor. The elevators are all glass as are the barriors on the floors. I typically stay clear of Embassy Suites when on business...too many families with crying kids. This is an exception. It is clean and the breakfast buffet/made-to-order is the best I have seen at an Embassy Suites. I hit it right at 7am and breezed through--very good food except for the cold pancakes, etc. The rooms are nice and typical Embassy fare. The front desk needs help as it is very, very slow. The biggest complaint I have (and for business travelors take note) is the internet. It is horrible. The engineering staff told me that they are working on it but that didn't help me. I simply could not do my work on either the &quot;high speed&quot; plug in or the &quot;unworkable wireless&quot;. If you need internet go somewhere else. Although they did not charge me (like I was getting anything) it is still a huge hassle. If you can get a deal on the price it is an ok place...close to the Pier if you like that aspect and a couple blocks off Michigan Ave. Easy walking area but not in the heart of the city or theatre district.	
Oct 20 2008 	Super value and location	Stayed at this hotel for a weekend business meeting and brought my 13 year old daughter. Hotel was clean and incredibly well located. It's a very short walk up to the Magnificent mile, close to the Navy Pier and not so far from the Art Institute and Millenium Park. There is a wonderful supermarket right across the street (with a Starbucks inside) and the hotel breakfast was super. Terrific place for the rate--I was not expecting it to be as good as it was, very pleasant surprise. I think you'd be hard pressed to find a comparable value in a large city.	
Oct 18 2008 	Ideal for first vist to Chicago	Stayed 3 nights, suite very comfortable although atrium access not good for the vertigo!. Staff friendly and efficient, room spotless, breakfast great.Great location 2 mins from river where you can walk to Magnificant mile	
Sep 30 2008	Sad Sad Service	Have stayed at this hotel plenty of times - easy to get to Michigan Avenue, clean rooms. But this experience was just sad. Customer service has completely gone downhill. Apparently being a Diamond Hhonors member means nothing here. I ordered flowers to be delivered via fed ex while I was there and I had to beg the front desk to bring them to my room...I tipped the person who delivered them only to find out when I checked out that I was also charged a &quot;package handling fee&quot;. Next time I'll stay at the Palmer House - they know what customer service is! Checking out may have been the worst experience ever as a large wedding party was checking out at the same time with their cart loads of gifts and the elevator situation is something to be desired. Pure chaos and not a smiling face around.	
Sep 9 2008	Great Hotel	The Embassy Suites Chicago Lakefront was a great place to stay. To start, the SkyLobby is located on the sixth floor and has a good view. Check-in was simple and quick, and the staff seemed to be helpful. The room was very nice and clean, and we had a great view of Lake Michigan from our room. The rooms were also a good size, and the couch can fold out into a queen size bed.As for as amenities go, the manager's reception was great for starting the night with some free drinks. The lines do back up but they move quickly. The free breakfast was very good especially for a hotel. The breakfast includes almost anything you need. The location of the hotel is great, just 3 blocks from Michigan Ave. and about 4 blocks from Navy Pier.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 6 2008 	Pretty good but could be better	Hotel is located well in Chicago, in walking distance to many popular sites and attractions, such as Navy Pier, Magnificent Mile, and Hancock building (longer walk). Hotel amenities are OK, certainly the hot breakfast (but expect lines), and attractive suites, but there isn't an in-room safe or free web access. Some lamps failed to work in the suite, and batteries for TV remotes need replacement. Bedrooms are maintained nicely by the housekeeping staff. I liked our view to the south, and you could also see Lake Michigan. Easy access to lobby and street with efficient elevators. Device in lobby that allows you to print boarding passes for flights was not providing that feature. Also, pool was closed for a whole day unexpectedly. Breakfast food good, especially the quickly but well prepared omelettes. Bacon was delicious and plentiful. Free cocktails and soft drinks in early evening is a nice thing, but it's very impersonal. Don't expect a cocktail party, as many guests pick up drinks and bring them up to suites. If the price is right, then you should consider staying here.	
Aug 29 2008 	Stiff cocktails comfortable bed great location	All employees were courteous and attentive. Never had to wait for help. The rooms were typical Embassy Suites, a good size and the decor was fresh - it could not have been more than a year or two ago for new furniture, carpet, etc.My room had a view of the lake on one side - but beware - a massive condo sits directly between this hotel and the Navy Pier about 4 blocks east - so the water views are of the lake south of the pier.It was only two blocks walk to Michigan Ave. and 4 blocks walk to the pier. There is an AMC Theatre adjacent to the hotel and if I had stayed more that two nights I would have taken in a film, just due to the convenience.No complaints here!	
Aug 27 2008 	Fine 10 Day Stay	Stayed there for nine nights in August08. Location of the hotel is good, close to Navy Pier and Magnificent Mile but yet relatively quiet. I (single traveler) had a corner room in 13th floor. No noise from the atrium to this particular room, probably because it is located somewhat further away from atrium than regular rooms. Room has certainly large enough for my purposes, big living room and a separate sleeping room. Room was spotless and didnt have any scratches or other marks from previous usage, so no complains about it. Also other parts of the hotel were in very good shape. Kitchenette consisted of small fridge and a microwave oven. Room had quite nice views towards Chicago river, lake was also well visible as was Sears Tower. LAN access provided with ~10$/day, didnt notice any WLAN. One very very minor issue though: one of two TVs in the room was not LCD (they advertise two LCDs in a room) but a old-style tube TV. Hotel offered free breakfast and a managers reception in the evening. Latter offered very little to eat (just some snacks), but plenty to drink (free beer, wine and booze) for two hours. Breakfast was, um, not that well suited for European taste but otherwise offered quite many different options. I never had to wait for an elevator more than 30 seconds or so, thus no problems for me regarding that issue (unlike some other reviewers). Then again, I left the hotel always latest at 8:15am, so avoided the real morning rush hour.Typical customers seemed to be families and there were really lots of them, but didnt really hear any special noise (no kids running around corridors etc). Obviously there isnt an Executive Lounge in this hotel, but did receive two water bottles as a Hilton Honors Diamond member. Better than nothing :-) So while this hotel isnt quite Five Star ber Luxury hotel, it did its job very well. I cannot really think of anything to complain about. One thing I noticed though (didnt affect me) was that there was often quite long queues at the check-in desk. Would I return there? Yes, absolutely.	
Aug 20 2008 	Great location...great hotel!	We stayed here in early August when we were in town for the Chicago Distance Classic. The location is great - easy walk to Navy Pier and all the hot spots on Michigan Avenue (even for the kids). Our room was great - we got a king suite in a corner, so we had a great view and were away from the main atrium. The breakfast buffet is very good. Our only complaint was that the shower curtain was too small for the shower so we had a wet floor every morning. The shower also didn't drain properly and it took two days for them to answer our request to fix it. One other minor complaint - the concierge was never there.	
Aug 19 2008 	disappointed	when we arrived on a friday around 3pm we stood in line for at least a half an hour to check in. they only had 2 employees for a weekend check in. by the way, good luck finding your way around. we drove around the hotel 3 times to find valet then gave up and drove into self park. we hauled our own luggage. then you enter at street level, get in elevator to get to skylobby on 5th floor, then walk to another elevator to get to room. very inconvenient. the room was very small for a family of four. we took our son's double airmattress and barely squeezed it between the bed and entertainment center. we went to check out the pool. what a joke!! tiniest pool i've ever seen and always full of unruly kids at all hours. my kids were very upset they couldn't go swimming. there is so many kids at this hotel that it's always way too loud. the manager's reception from 530 to 730 is not worth the 15 minute wait in line for a tiny drink. my husband and i were in line opposite each other so we never had a chance to sit down with each other. the complimentary breakfast was terrible. got there around 8 am every day of our 3 day stay and waited in ridiculously long lines. the hot food is nasty, just absolutely gross. i got my kids cereal because i would'nt feed them that crap. we had cereal, bananas and stale donuts. my husband ventured to stand in the line one day and waited 20 minutes for 2 fried eggs while my kids and i ate our food so again we never had a chance to sit together as a family for a meal. there were too many things that we did not like so we won't be going back.	
Aug 16 2008 	Hope you aren't in a hurry.	My family and I always try to stay at another nearby hotel but we've seen how nice this one looked and wanted to give it a try, you know &quot;grass is always greener&quot; situation. To begin, we pulled up on Columbus Ave. to check in because we didn't see the valet and self park were on Illinois. No big deal, still had to figure out how to get to the check in desk which is on another floor, so I had to ask to find out how to get there.  When I got to the registration desk there was one employee checking in a guest. I was next in line and even though I walked up at the contract printout time still stood there over 8 minutes before a second employee showed up from the back. Even when she did come up, she fiddled around by the first employee for a minute or two then seemed like she decided she could check me in. She didn't greet me, no &quot;Hello&quot;, and no conversation. I had booked a more expensive rate so that my kids would each get an Olympic panda bear, but because she didn't give them to me I figured they were in the room. I honestly thought she would snap at me if I asked about them. The bears weren't in the room and I had to go back down and get in line, again over five minutes, to let them know I never received my bears.  Found valet and checked our luggage pointing out that we had already checked in. (I figured it worked out well because our luggage would get delivered that much faster, so I was doing a little better after check in.) After an HOUR AND A HALF I called down to the bellman's desk to see where our luggage was. There was no answer, so I left a message. Never was replied to. My husband had to go back down to the ground level to find our luggage and have it brought up. All said and done, it took TWO hours before we got our luggage. I booked one of the over sized corner suites and the room was very clean. There was plenty of room for us but the views were nothing to write home about. We had no problem with housekeeping and any time we had any needs or questions they were very friendly.  My husband went out to check out the facility and stopped by the concierge desk to ask a couple of questions about dinner reservations. After waiting over five minutes he stepped over to registration and asked when someone would be back. That's when we found out they send their concierge home before 6PM! And they don't even put a sign up saying they are gone and to go to registration, which again you'll probably have a wait for because they seem to only let one employee out at a time even though they are now handling check in and concierge questions. Their pool is really narrow and every time we tried to go swimming there were a ton of kids running, splashing everyone, even those on deck, and some even unsupervised. The employees don't seem to check the area at all except for towels. The pool hours are great but the really need to add an adults only time before and after their normal hours so the adults can get in laps or enjoy a peaceful hot tub. Our kids our nine and ten, and even they didn't enjoy how unruly the pool was, they didn't even get in the first time we went to the pool.  Everyone we dealt with in room service was super friendly and helpful, which was a blessing because we didn't want to leave the room. It actually changed our mood to have to do something on the Sky Level.  When we would go out to dinner or shopping we didn't want to come back to the hotel. We would have just moved to our normal hotel, but the Embassy was going to charge us for the whole stay, so it wasn't worth it.  We love Chicago and try to go a couple of times a year but this was the first time we ever wanted to go home and not stay longer.	
Aug 7 2008 	Comfortable Clean and Unpretentious	I stayed at this hotel for a conference. I had no idea what to expect, so I really went with an open mind. It is located a few blocks from the lake and is right downtown, so the location was GREAT! I found the service to be consistently very good at this hotel. From the valets to the front desk to the housekeeping staff. Everyone was friendly and approachable. The lobby is not on the ground level, it is on the sky level, so this was a bit odd. And you had to go to a separate set of elevators to get to your room (which was a pain when you entered and exited the hotel, but it was a minor inconvenience, plus, it added a layer of security which is important in a place like Chicago. The rooms are all suites, so you have a living room, a tiny &quot;kitchenette&quot; area with a fridge, sink and microwave, and a bedroom. The room was pretty clean. No major complaints. The bath was nice. The bed was comfy. The towels had that &quot;fresh scent&quot; smell like when they come out of the dryer...Mmmmm. We had a lakeview room, but the view isn't great. There are several other buildings blocking your view, but a partial view is better than no view. All guests are treated to a full breakfast and nightly cocktails (free). They have a &quot;cook to order&quot; counter where they make your eggs fresh, and they dole out goodies like bacon, sausage or biscuits and gravy. They also have a buffet-style breakfast in the dining area, if you are in a hurry. I found the breakfast to be a great added value. This hotel is pricey, and if you bring your whole family (which lots of people did), this can cut costs dramatically on trying to eat out downtown Chicago. The evening cocktails session was nice for adults to relax in the lobby and have snack and mingle. It was well attended each night I was there. The area around the hotel is great, and relatively safe for Chicago. We walked to Navy Pier and took taxis to Water Tower Place and the John Hancock Building for under $10 (with 2 people). There is a Dominick's grocery chain right across the street (full size) and a high-end grocery on the back side of the building (FABULOUS deli!). Also, a Walgreen's attached to the backside. We were there for almost four days, so we bought a few groceries for the room fridge.The only complaints I had were that the air conditioning did not cool the bedroom, as well as I would have liked at night. And the internet service was not very fast. All-in-all, we had a GREAT time, and I would definitely stay at this hotel again in the future. It was really nice to have room to spread out for a few days.	
Jul 30 2008 	Nice Stay	Just returned from our trip to Chicago, my family and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. We typically stay at Embassy Suite hotels because it always meets or exceeds our expectations, this hotel did just that. The hotel meet was very clean, staff was approachable, plenty of room for 5 of us, and a nice breakfast. The hotel was in a great location!! We never used a taxi, we walked to the following attractions Navy Pier, Wendella Boat tour, Bobbys Bike Hike, and Double Decker tour. On the same block of the hotel is an AMC theater and a couple of restaurants. Their is a market right across the street from the hotel with a Starbucks stand inside.The down side to the hotel is the crowd for the elevators and breakfast after 8:30am. We had to wait 15 minutes for an elevator the morning we checked out, they have 4 of them. If you want an omelete you can wait in line a very long time, we chose to skip it.Overall it was a great stay!!	
Jul 29 2008 	Location Location Location	Stayed three nights, July 24 - July 27, with three teenage boys. Road Amtrak to Union Station and grabbed a cab to Embassy Suites. Were able to walk to almost all the things we wanted to do. Walked to: Navy Pier 10 minutes, Water Tower Place for double-decker bus 10 minutes, Boat tour of the buildings on the river 5 minutes. Michigan Avenue to shop 5 minutes. We did take the train to Wrigley Field, but the walk to station was only 10 minutes. Rooms were perfect for us and the boys. Good size. Used the pull-out couch each night. Used the fridge and microwave to heat up pizza the next day. There's a Dominik's across the street that we used to buy snacks and drinks for the room. They could use another person at the check in desk. Only had one or two working there at any time. We were able to check in at 11:00 a.m., which was a pleasant surprise. We had to settle for a different room view, which wasn't a big deal, because we use the room to basically sleep in.We had an excellent stay, and highly recommend this hotel for families.	
Jul 28 2008 	Disappointed by Embassy Suites	A great planned weeked was derailed by the inefficency of the hotel staff. I booked a smoking king suite. I confirmed the reservation for late arrival, so imagine my surprise when I got to the hotel and there was no room available for me. After waiting for an hour I was given a non-smoking double room. Once I got to the room it had not been cleaned from the last guests (beds unmade, etc...). Considering we arrived at 11pm, this was quite a shock. In addition, there were no curtains in this room. I contacted the front desk and they sent housekeeping to investigate. Two hours later we were sent to another hotel chain for the night. Unfortunately, we could not check back in to the Embassy Suites until 4pm the next afternoon! This caused a rescheduling of many appointments as we had no room to shower or change in from the time of checkout at the other hotel until check in at the Embassy Suites. I am dissapointed at the lack of concern from the staff and the inability to accomodate those with reservations! Their excuse was that they were &quot;overbooked&quot;. How can you not honor a reservation?	
Jul 26 2008 	Bloodstains on the bathroom walls	Check-in was a breeze. The room looked okay at first, no cobwebs or anything. But, it was a double, not the king.I booked. Then I discovered the bathroom door would only close with a mighty heave. And I noticed the bloodstains on the wall next to the toilet. Well, I hope they're blood... And the grand finale, the inside door handle is about to fall off. Okay, off to bed.The included breakfast buffet was actually pretty decent. I didn't try the omelet station, the line was too long. A visit with one of our friends staying at the same hotel revealed that they had a refrigerator. We didn't. But there was a nice hole for one. The air conditioning works in a way. Yes, it does cool, but the thermostat is obviously waaaaay off. In order to get the room to a comfortable 78F or so, I ended up turning the thermostat down to 61Housecleaning staff was kind of surly. If you aren't out of your room when they come knocking, it doesn't get cleaned that day. So eat up and get out and stay out until dark at least. On the plus side, the location is pretty good for tourists. And there's a Dominick's grocery store (Safeway or Von's in other parts of the country) across the street.	
Jul 25 2008 	wonderful for the family	We just stayed here for three nights and experienced an excellent hotel..The rooms are extra large..and cleaned up perfectly every day ..the free breakfast, although crowded was very good with a large variety..We have stayed at many otherembassy suites..but this was one of the best..It is also close by to Navy Pier and easy to walk 4 blocks to take the redline to both ball parks..also can walk to Milennium Park and to the shopping downtown	
Jul 25 2008	Hotel was Wonderful	I stayed with my daughter and Grandkids for the 4th of July weekend, and this hotel was wonderful. All the sites we wanted to see were within walking distance and the added feature of included breakfast each morning and managers cocktails in the evening made this a very enjoyable stay. We would definitly stay here again.	
Jul 22 2008 	Convenient	Found location to be good for sightseeing... within easy walking distance to the Magnicficent Mile and Navy Pier. Many good restaurants in the area as well. Hotel is huge so there is no personalized service. Desk clerks and bellmen were friendly and helpful but the advertised concierge service was non-existent when we were there. Breakfast is included... nice variety and tasty food but the lines are very long and seem to move at a snail's pace. Rooms are OK but are rather dark and dreary and could use some sprucing up. Not much closet space. Pool is very tiny for the size of the hotel. Overall it is a good place to stay if you just want a convenient room and don't plan to spend a lot of time there but not the place if you are looking for a &quot;luxury suite to relax&quot;.	
Jun 27 2008 	Great for the Family!	We chose this hotel based on our travel agent's recommendation. It is in close proximity to Navy Pier and is within easy walking distance of Michigan Avenue. Parking in the area is at a premium, so the valet service came in very handy.The facility is very clean and neat. I have never seen a housekeeping staff so dedicated to site maintenance regardless of the time of day; due to the building design it is very apparent when a member of the staff is diligently working to ensure every surface is clean. As well, we met the hotel's Director of Security while checking in; he displayed a high level of professionalism and made our family feel at home. The pool area is very popular with families. There is a workout room equipped with Precor fitness machines that affords a fantastic panorama of the surrounding area. There is an AMC theater in the same building complex that also has a bowling alley; it was very handy when it came time to entertain three children under the age of ten. If there is a drawback, and it is specific to the hotel chain and not this location, it is the company's insistence that internet access be paid for daily ($10/day). This has been an excellent stay. I would wholeheartedly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 22 2008 	Watch Your Purse!	Hotel has kind of an odd configuration. Instead of checking in on the ground floor, you have to take the elevator to the &quot;Sky Lobby&quot; to check in, and then take different elevators to the sleeping rooms. Takes a while to figure it out. I used the automated check-in kiosk, which was pretty impersonal but worked fine. I used the same kiosk later in the trip to get boarding pass for airline.Hotel seems quite large, with big well lit central atrium-style lobby. Suites (bedroom and living room) were less impressive - mine was dark, smelled musty initially, and had some rather bizarre 1950 vintage lamps. Ugly. Two TVs (one flat screen), a nice bed and shower. Coffee maker in the room.Room service for lunch was average - not hot, but I ate every bit of it (club sandwich). The morning buffet was sumptuous - with cooked to order omelets, and lots of other stuff. Nice to have it included in the cost of the room. Staff all seemed fine - no complaints. Conference facilities were also fine.Be careful - one of our coworkers got scammed in the ground floor entrance lobby. A woman pretended to get her heel stuck in the crack at the elevator door, and when our employee went to help, an accomplice took our coworker's credit cards and cash. All got away (so far). It's apparently a common scam in the area. Bottom line - watch your stuff.	
Jun 9 2008 	What's not to like?	I visited Chicago for the first time as a hotel traveler and found the Embassy Suites to be a great deal. The entire staff was very courteous (except for the happy hour bartender) and the value was outstanding. The included breakfast is a knockout. I have never seen made to order omelettes and good quality ingredients like this at a complimentary breakfast. I disagree with the reviewer that said the place was noisy - I hear nary a peep from the approxmately 100 children staying at the hotel (they did run amok at breakfast) and the facilities were very clean, recently remodeled with plasma screens adn the like. One peeve was the chlorine odor in the atrium - the pool should have had it's own ventilation. Awesome location (blue line to clark/lake) and a $5 cab ride - 60 minutes and $7 total! The best airport transfer deal in a big city. Parking is a rip if you drove, but the lot across the street is $19 a night if you don't mind parking outside.	
May 24 2008 	My Favorite Mag. Mile Hotel	I stayed here for one night this time but stayed here every week for almost a year back in 2003 (when the hotel had just opened). I had picked this hotel after trying 20+ downtown and Magnificent Mile hotels. It was good to see that the hotel has maintained it's high quality over the years. I love the location - it is a block from Michigan Avenue restaurants/shopping and 3 blocks from the Navy Pier. The new beds are even better than in 2003. It offers all the features that come with an Embassy Suites hotel - an atrium, all suites with a sofabed, cook to order breakfast and a manager's reception (open bar) in the evening, pool and a functional gym. If you are a HHonors Gold or Diamond member, you can use the neighboring Holmes Place health club for free. It is probably the best health club I have been to in the US. The rooms facing Navy Pier or the river offer the best views. Overall, a great, comfortable hotel.	
May 12 2008 	Would return in a heartbeat!	What a great experience! This was our first time using Hotwire, and first time staying in downtown Chicago...and both turned out wonderful. We couldn't have been more pleased with the hotel. We arrived by train in the morning and hoped the hotel would allow us to check in early. They were very accomodating, allowing us into a room immediately, at least 5 hours ahead of the posted check-in time. Every staff member was friendly and helpful - especially Shirley, the hostess at the breakfast buffet. Rarely have I seen such a gracious and friendly hotel employee! By the way, this buffet is NOT your ordinary buffet, as someone previously wrote in a review. The hotel was clean, the room layout perfect for our family of 5 and the location couldn't have been better for all we wanted to do while visiting Chicago. We were able to walk to all the attractions we wanted to, except Shedd Aquarium, but that was an easy bus ride away. Also, the lake view from our room was spectacular. I highly recommend and hope to return soon!	
May 10 2008	very nice hotel	We stayed one night at the Embassy Suites near the lake and thought it was a great hotel. The interior atrium may be an architectural cliche but I still think it gives the hotel an amazing sense of openness and drama. Our room overlooked the lake and we loved the view, although a tall building partially blocked the view.The two-room suite was very clean, the bathroom was spacious and nice, and overall we were pleased with everything. The complimentary breakfast was top-notch, with no lines and great omelets. The fitness center had first-rate equipment.If you park directly you save a little money over valet parking, but it means you have to take two sets of elevators to get to your car, which can be a hassle of you are schlepping a ton of bags.	
Apr 14 2008 	Just Okay.	My wife and 18 month old stayed at the lakefront from April 8-13. It was our first stay in Chicago so I don't have other hotels in Chicago to use as a comparison but to me it was just average at best.The atrium is a really bad concept if you ask me because sound really travels through that hotel...we were on the tenth floor but it felt like our room was in the lobby bar it was so noisy. We should have requested a room on the roof. Not only is the lobby bar loud but if the people staying next to you are somewhat loud you can hear them too! I could hear the tv from next door from my room.The breakfast is great as long as you're up bright and early otherwise you'll be in line forever. Same goes for the free drinks from 5:30-7:30pm everynight...but it is free. Personally I'd rather pay $7 for a beer and get decent service.The rooms were nice and big but filthy! I picked up a piece of broken glass off the floor and about 1000 hairs came with it.Great location!Parking is a complete rip-off! $49 for 24 hr parking!	
Apr 11 2008	Great hotel	Stayed 3 nights at this hotel. Very well kept and quiet. After recent renovation everything seemed new. Service was good. Parking is expensive but valet service was very prompt. Breakfast was typical buffet. Be advised that the pool is quite small and overun with kids. Not a good pool for an adult to enjoy.It would be great if they had &quot;adults only&quot; pool times. (Like before 9am and after 10pm) \I would definately stay here again.	
Mar 30 2008 	Embassy Suites Great Location	My 5 daughters and myself stayed at this hotel over Easter break. The location is great. Rooms were clean, view was awesome, staff friendly, breakfast was very good and the cocktail hour in the evening was wonderful. We would definately stay again and the price was right! We shopped the entire time so location was very important as we walked everywhere.	
Mar 29 2008	A big letdown	This hotel stay combined the price of a high end luxury property with the haphazard service of a cut-rate hotel. We booked it to get more room and the easy flexible breakfast for kids. We had a lot of troublesome problems right from the start. Our phone didn't work. The sink in our bedroom only ran hot (actually plumbed so hot fed both lines). The reception desk gave us completely incorrect address info for a resturant resulting in a 45 min wild goose chase with kids in tow. When I told them it was wrong, they defensively said &quot;but that's all we have in the system&quot;. The property has laundry, but the both dryers on both floors were out of service - and had been for weeks. They were supposed to be fixed the second day we arrived, but it never happend.The place looked generally like there was no attention to detail. Times on pool and fitness center for example didn't match between the guest room book and the signs on the pool door, they were out of date.The pool is small and perpetually crowded with parents and small kids. it's fine if you have your own kids in tow but if you are expecting to get some laps in, no dice - even as late as 10 or 11pm.I would say the hotel staff was friendly and did respond to our requests - it just seemed like we had to request a lot for what was a $420 per night stay.	
Mar 28 2008 	Met our needs for the extended weekend	My mom and I went to Chicago for a long weekend and this Embassy Suites met our needs - clean, nice location and safe. However, the free breakfast was a nightmare - extremely long lines, completely understaffed, and never enough food/utensils/plates/cups for those in line. After the first two days of the &quot;stress-filled&quot; breakfast experience, we decided to walk across the street to the Dominicks grocery store (similar to Whole Foods) and grab a muffin and sit in Starbucks to enjoy a quiet, peaceful meal. The afternoon &quot;Manager's Reception&quot; wasn't much better - the drinks were fine but the appetizers amounted to &quot;bar food&quot; - pretzels, tortilla chips, salsa and peanuts. On the second night of our stay, they ran out of peanuts and pretzels and when we asked the staff for more, they shrugged their shoulders and said &quot;we don't have anymore.&quot; I believe this property was completely unprepared for the influx of Spring Break vacationers and families.	
Mar 25 2008 	Good Family Hotel	We booked this hotel as part of our family spring break as did many others as it was filled with families on spring break. The primary reasons we picked the hotel were location and amenities. Embassy Suites almost always have included a full breakfast, evening reception, a decent pool and rooms. It was a very good stay and I have put the highlights in a few categories.Good  room layout was good, we had a corner suite with a view of Lake Michigan, fridge, microwave, flat screen TV in bedroom, clean, comfortable bed, plenty of space for the family to spread out, the breakfast food was very good and the drinks at the reception were also good (especially considering it is an included amenity), check-in was easy and the staff was friendly and helpfulNeeds Improvement  breakfast planning  with the large family crowd, some items ran out before the end of breakfast each day, one night the reception had a noodle type dish, but mostly the same chips/salsa and bar mix  I have seen a much better variety of snacks at other ES properties, housekeeping  one day we came back after 6pm and the room was not serviced, a call to the front desk had it fixed while we were at dinner  also they did not observe the if it is on the floor please change it policy, no Disney Channel (kids only gripe)Location  ok walking distance to subway, easy walking distance to Navy Pier, Michigan Ave,Tips  if you do drive avoid the hotel garage, we parked at the Navy Pier (a few blocks walk) for less than half the price per day  especially since we did not use our car again till we leftOverall a very good stay and what I expect from an ES property. We would probably stay here again next time in Chicago as a family.	
Mar 10 2008 	over priced	We've stayed at 2 Embassy Suites in 2 different cities. I think both have been over-priced for the level of quality.The location of this hotel is excellent and very convenient for tourists and business travelers.The complimentary breakfast was simply satisfactory. The free cocktail hour was nice. However, neither are enough to make up for the over-priced rates. There are nicer hotels available in Embassy's price range.One thing I've noticed at both Embassy Suites is that their electronic door locks are complete pieces of s. We've had tons of trouble with them at both Embassy Suite Hotels that we visited. We've never had any such trouble at any other hotel ever. It's a bit frustrating to have to put your key in 10-20 times just to get your door to open, every time you come or go...Probably won't stay at Embassy Suites ever again.	
Mar 10 2008 	Great Location	We stayed at the Embassy Suites Lakefront the weekend of March 8th. It turned out to be a wonderful location and was within easy walking distance to Navy Pier and Michigan Avenue. There is also a trolley stop right on the corner which would be especially nice in the Summer months as the trolley is free and goes to all the major attractions. The hotel was nice, but it is in need of a renovation as the chairs in the room's sitting area were threadbare and faded. It did appear as though they might be in the middle of remodeling some of the rooms. Our only complaint was the long lines for breakfast and the evening reception. It was difficult to locate a table and we had to wait several minutes holding our food before a table cleared out. We can't complain too much though considering the hot breakfast was included as was the alcohol at the evening reception.We look forward to coming back.	
Mar 2 2008 	Just okay...	I stayed at this Embassy for a business trip (that I turned into a fun trip later). The rooms are spacious however, it's not the cleanest hotel I've stayed at. There is construction going on but I didn't hear any noise. The 5.30 manager's reception was nice and a great way to catch up on action items from the day. The best part about this hotel was that is was in walking distance to my favorite restaurant in Chicago (Volare).The staff was very helpful about restaurants in the area, things to do, etc. With that being said, I would not stay at this hotel if I were paying for it. There are a lot nicer hotels in the area for the money. The fun part of the trip was over the weekend (my husband came in) and we stayed at the InterContinental. Much nicer! I'll post that review as well.	
Feb 18 2008 	Great Choice of Hotels	This hotel was great. I booked it on hotwire.com for $120/night. It was the perfect location, right in the downtown area, about two blocks from Navy Pier. Also about a block from the main shopping strip. Great location for restaurants, shopping, bars. Our favorite bar was the Red Head Piano Bar (or something similar to that), about 20 minute walk from the hotel. The rooms were very clean, we had a one bedroom with a view of Lake Michigan. The bedroom had 2 queen beds and a pullout sofa. Also had a small kitchen with a microwave and refrigerator. The bathroom was clean and big. Everyday, the hotel had a reception in which they served everyone a free drink and appetizers. We also ate at the restaurant (I cannot remember the name), but that was also very good. I did not actually eat the breakfast, but my friends said it was an excellent complimentary hot breakfast with omelettes made to order. The pool was nice, had a hot tub, sauna, and shower area in the pool. Also had a fitness center, which I didn't use, but looked nice with many different machines to workout on. The one thing that really surprised me was the parking. It is about $35/day to park, however this is typical for most areas in the downtown area. In fact, this was actually one of the cheapest places to park, so I truly couldn't complain. Just had to mention it as a tip for anyone who has never had to park in a Metro area such as downtown Chicago. All in all, I will definitely stay here on my next trip to Chicago.	
Feb 11 2008 	Not worth the price	I had stayed at this hotel a few years ago as a business traveler and greatly appreciated the rooms, food, and facilities.As a weekend family traveler, this hotel is not worth the price.We had problems with check in; we reserved with a credit card but put a cash deposit down upon check in - we were in town to shop, and we wanted to stay on our budget. The front desk staff was not prepared to handle or document cash. They also had problems honoring the online package (through their web site) we ordered that included parking and online access. These charges were added again each night and had to be manually reviewed.Due to these charges being added, our cash deposit was not enough to cover a room service charge. Upon notification, I went to the front desk to deposit more cash. Right after I did it, the room service waiter came back to our room and demanded cash.Despite asking to speak to the manager, the only person that would talk to me was the front desk clerk. All billing issues were eventually solved, but I will not return to any hotel in which a staff member comes to my room and demands cash.	
Feb 2 2008 	Overrated.	I'm writing this from the &quot;10th floor&quot; of the hotel (they include the underground levels, so we are actually on the 6th floor above ground, though we asked for an upper floor...beware). Pros: location; aesthetics (everything looks nice and minimalist); free drinks (unlimited!) from 5:00-7:30 PM; fairly spacious rooms; some rooms are being remodeledCons: everything feels cheap; attention to detail inside the rooms (broken shower curtain rod, broken towel rack, broken armoire, broken pull-out bed, poor ventilation in bathroom, cheap soaps);Service is spotty.Anyway, if you want a good location and free alcohol, and you have children and somewhat low expectations, this place is for you. I thought I would get more for this price. I wouldn't choose to stay here again, although they are remodeling some rooms (I can't tell if this room has been remodeled).	
Jan 21 2008 	Good Hotel Good Location...One Problem	We were in town to enjoy a concert at the United Center...and we had flown in from Philadelphia. I was told that there was an airport shuttle...just call the day of, yadayadayada. I am about to board in PHL and they tell me...sorry, there is no airport shuttle to this hotel. Oops! Yeah, I would say. We got off the plane at 12 pm and didn't want to wait the 1 hour for the bus to center city (which was $50 a head), so we took the train. CRAZY! The train was a long ride and a scary one...we ended up getting off in the middle of a city I had no clue about and was LOST! The people on desk duty were hapless at best, so we got a cab and headed to the hotel. At this time, it is at least 230 or 3 am. The desk clerk was ridiculous and could have cared less.The rest of the stay was OK...standard Embassy Suites stuff. But that initial craziness tainted the hotel for me. They really...as a major hotel in a major city...should have a shuttle van or at least be HONEST on the phone about their lack theirof. So, live and learn. I wouldn't avoid the hotel, it was average. I enjoyed my time there and the manager was cordial when we spoke later that week. BTW...the concert was great! Saw Chicago in the process and loved it.	
Jan 15 2008 	great place to stay	We loved this hotel. It is in a great location with bus stop acrossthe street. We requested a corner room and got it.The sales mgr.sent us a surprise for our anniversary(so thoughtful of him). The staff is gracious and willing to help. We enjoy Embassy for theirbreakfast and evening receptions. They are beginning renovations,but rooms were well kept and clean. We will return to hotel and visit this wonderful city again.	
Jan 14 2008	Great Hotel	Just returned from a weekend in Chicago. The hotel staff was super friendly and accommodating. The rooms are nice and the beds are very comfortable. The free breakfast (full buffet of cooked and continental breakfast, plus omelettes cooked to order) and managers reception is a very nice touch, although the line to get drinks can be very long, only one bartender,but it lasts from 5-7:30. Convenient location for shopping and restaurants. Will definitely stay at other Embassy suites and this one if in Chicago.	
Jan 13 2008 	Great Location	Stayed at this hotel for a conference in the area and found it reasonably priced for a downtown hotel. Cheaper than any of the conference hotels, plus the free breakfast and evening reception/drinks were a bonus. As with all Embassy Suites, you get a great room with a bedroom separate from a living area. One thing that I particularly liked about this hotel was the location. It was right next door to an entertainment complex with a big cinema and bowling alley/bar, plus right across the street from a grocery store for picking up fruits and snacks that can be difficult to find when staying in a downtown area. The hotel was a 3-4 block walk from Navy Pier, and close to the popular Dick's Last Resort restaurant on the water where the waiters insult you purposely. It was also only 2-3 blocks from Michigan Avenue shopping and dining--very easy walk. I also walked to the Art Museum and Millenium Park, although these locations weren't terribly close--I'd say 10 blocks south. Overall, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel. The location was excellent, the neighborhood was safe with a booming condo population of professionals moving in all around it, and plenty of entertainment and food options were within walking distance. One other thing, if you want to hop on the train, there is a nearby station about 1-2 blocks away. Easy to take the train south or north to Wrigley Field to catch a Cubs game. I must say I was not expecting much of Chicago, but I left pleasantly surprised with everything there was to do downtown.	
Jan 9 2008 	Great family hotel!	My parents, my teenage son, 8 year old son and I arrived by train at 1:30, which is earlier than check-in time. The porters were waiting to take our bags to our room, check-in was a seemless process and within minutes we were in our room. The boys were particularly impressed with the open-air style of the hotel and the fact that they could see straight into the lobby from our 11th floor room. As many reviews have indicated, the elevators are SUPER fast. Our room overlooked the lake and much to my 8 year old's delight -- a construction site!!! The softest beds and pillows I've ever slept on. Even the rollaway was comfortable as the teenager decided he wanted the &quot;good&quot; bed on Sat. nite. Room was quiet for sleeping and water pressure in shower was great! We ate lunch at the hotel restaurant upon arrival and everyone's meal was wonderful. In case you're wondering, the mashed potatoes are real and they are fabulous! The manager's reception was a nice addition, limited drink availability and &quot;chex mix&quot; like snacks. The free breakfast was great--good selection even if it wasn't free. Made to order omelets &amp; eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, french toast, bagels, donuts, cold cereal, fruit, yogurt, potatoes, toast, juices, coffees, teas, you name it! If you can't find something you like young or old, then you just don't like breakfast! Our train wasn't leaving Sunday until 5:30 and the porters willingly stored our bags while we took one last jaunt in the City. They were always helpful with obtaining cabs, assisting in and out of building, etc. I highly recommend staying at this hotel to anyone, and will definitely return myself.	
Jan 1 2008	Very comfortable hotel	Very nice hotel. Friendly employees. Room comfortable. Open lobby concept.	
Dec 29 2007 	nice hotel	We stayed two nights... the hotel was very nice and kid-friendy. The staff was very nice except the concierge he was not helpful. It was clear we are not the upper class that he wants to deal with. But we paid for the room just like everyone else!! we just wanted a suggestion for dinner. He was of no help... but he did help the lady in the fur coat behind us. The stay was nice the room was nice the location was good, but in the winter you will need to take a cab most places. In the summer you could walk easily. the breakfast was a nice touch but be ready to wait in line unless you wake up early, But it was worh it. I would stay again!	
Dec 27 2007 	Awesome Experience	This hotel was in a great location, just a few blocks from everything. The beds were soooooooooo comfortable. The made to order omlets for breakfast were a huge hit with my teenage boys!	
Dec 21 2007	Service With a Smile!	We live close to Chicago but wanted to spend an overnite in the downtown area, to enjoy the fine dining, shows, etc that the city offers.We chose the Embassy Suites Hotel for price and location. Our first stay here, it won't be our last. From the time we arrived until we left the staff were so pleasant, asking how we were, was there more they could do, etc.We reserved our room on line, a king suite, separate living room including a manager's complimentary cocktail reception and full cooked to order breakfast for the mere price of $119 per nite!Such amenities at this unparalled price in the heart of Michigan Avenue North area.Prices vary depending on arrival dates, but it will still rank as one of the best stays for the money.Jan and Terry	
Dec 9 2007	Great Location with open bar!!!	Booked room on Hotwire for $109 a night on a weekend! Arrived around 5:00 on Friday to find an open bar for two hours, with snacks!! Great location, within walking distance of Millenium Park, a must see when you travel to Chicago. The rooms were clean and roomy. Complimentary breakfest was very nice and helped cut the costs on the weekend.	
Nov 18 2007 	Great location!	We booked this hotel through Hotwire and got an incredible rate of $89. The hotel had an excellent location, 2 blocks from Michigan Avenue. We just walked there and took the CTA bus to go wherever we wanted to. The rooms were a little bit small, but they had everything we needed. There was a living room area with a queen sofa bed, a desk and a TV. There was a sink, a mini-fridge, a microwave oven and a good sized bathroom. The main room (separate area) had 2 double beds, another washstand with a mirror, and a second TV. Complimentary breakfast was offered every morning with cooked-to-order omelettes, plus cereal, oatmeal, scrambled eggs, pancakes, waffles, yogurth, fruit, bagels, pastries, muffins, toast, bacon, sausage, milk, coffee and orange juice. There are complimentary drinks and snacks in the afternoon, but we never got to be there in time. The only thing that we didn't like were the elevators. They were really fast, but it took you 3 elevators to get to your room from the parking garage.	
Oct 31 2007 	Very Satisfactory	Stayed at the Embassy Suites Downtown Lakefront from October 17-20. Excellent location. Not a lot of street noise and we had a decent view of the Chicago River and could see Lake Michigan if we tried. Rooms were adequate; smaller than other Embassy Suites we've stayed in. We had a king bed and used the sofa sleeper for our pre-teen. It was kind of lumpy, but, hey, it's a sofa sleeper. Nice frig for keeping our beverages and leftovers. Bathroom was clean but seemed well-worn; I'd suggest darker grout in the future. We received a welcome basket as I am a Hilton Honors member; nice touch. Breakfast was busy but efficiently run and the servers were spectacularly friendly. The hotel workers were helpful and always congenial and smiling. Had some trouble with the business center computer internet access and that was remedied very fast with some personal attention as well. Elevators on steroids; fastest I've ever seen. My reason for only giving the property 3 &quot;stars&quot; (and I'd probably go 3.5 if I could) is that I thought the room was overpriced. Our overall experience was positive, but I think I'd shop around more next time I'm in Chicago for a better rate. Even subtracting the &quot;cost&quot; of the complimentary breakfast (only fair to factor that in) I felt we paid a rate more comparable to some fancier hotels. I am eligible for several discounts, but none were available for this particular week. Also, even though the rooms were adequate, they were a little dated (kind of cheap carpet and furnishings) and the walls were a tad thin. The guys next door had a party going on and although they weren't boisterous we could hear them very clearly through the walls. But, I'd stay here again if I could score a more reasonable room rate.	
Oct 23 2007 	Free drinks 	Our girls weekend to Chicago saw us booking a suite at the Embassy Suites Downtown Lakefront based on a husband's recommendation. When we checked in, the Manager's Special was in full swing. Free drinks in the lobby/atrium for 2 hours! Snacks included! The ambience was relaxed yet fun and inviting and the atrium gave off a chic vibe.We had great service at reception, with the concierge service and with little extras like forks delivered to the room late one night. The breakfast staff were welcoming and humourous as we waited in line for our made to order omelettes each morning.The hotel's location is perfect - w/in walking distance of Navy Pier for the boat tours, of the Magnificent Mile for shopping and for some restos. The theatre district was a cab ride away but not too far.Aside from a broken pull out (useable with care), the hotel offered everything we could have asked for. Even more considering the price!!	
Oct 9 2007 	Stinky shower curtain too many elevators too high a rate	This hotel is nice enough, but the bathrooms smell like a musty locker room. My business associate's bathroom smelled exactly the same as mine, so I'm convinced it's a hotel wide problem. The layout is good and there's plenty of room. The beds are comfortable and clean. The thermosat takes forever to cool the room off, and this was after midnight. Also, I asked to cancel this room because the Chicago Marathon was going on and streets around the hotel were closed. They said sorry, so their customer service in my book was below average. If you have a car and park it in the garage you have to take three separate elevators to get to your room, bad news if you've got kids and luggage. No help was around to get my luggage or for valet, so stay at your own risk.	
Oct 9 2007 	Embassy Suites redeems itself!	I've had BAD BAD BAD experiences with Embassy Suites in the past, so it was with major trepidation that I booked this hotel while in Chicago for a physicians' conference. My experience here totally changed my mind about ES.We arrived in the middle of the heat wave to cordial bellmen and wonderful front desk folks. Since we were staying 8 days, we figured we'd ask for a corner room on an upper floor for a view &amp; see if they'd comply. (We booked through a special convention service for approx. $200 per night - not especially cheap, but decent given what was going on during the time we were there.)The convention was soon to start and the Chicago Marathon was the next weekend; they were quite full, but willingly accomodated us. Our windows looked out on the Wrigley &amp; Tribune buildings along with partial lake and river views.Our room was clean and comfortable - the standard ES with a sitting room, fold-out sleeper bed, small kitchenette with mini-frig, &amp; comfortable king bed. Because we had a corner room, I think we had a bit more space than some of our friends who had standard hall rooms. Complimentary hot breakfast was very good = just quite crowded unless you went very early. The swimming pool was small for the size of the hotel, but we used it every day with our 2 kids and there were never more than 6 people including us in it, so it was fine. Overall pluses: FABULOUS LOCATION! Less than 2 blocks from the river, a couple blocks from Navy Pier, 2 blocks from Michigan Avenue, walking distance to Millenium Park. Nice staff - went out of their way to be helpful. Also - one of the only hotels that we've stayed in that allowed kids in the hot tub; a definite plus for our girls.Areas that were just ok: Rooms could use a bit more lighting - it tended to be rather dark. Water pressure in the shower was really low (we were on the 12th floor). Also, for the price of the rooms, one would expect internet to be included in the cost - it was an additional charge. However, there is a business center with 3 computers that you can use for free.Overall, I'd stay there again in a moment - especially with our kids ages 3 and 6. It's very family friendly and our experience was great.PS - If you're there during the marathon, the route goes right by the hotel and you can watch the people run below you out your window. The kids loved it.	
Sep 27 2007	TOO MUCH FUN!	TWO WORDS:Elevator Races!Amazing times! Those 4 elevators in the sky lobby are so superspeedy! They are rapid fast!	
Sep 11 2007 	Great fun great location!	We stayed here over Labor Day weekend. What a great location. Within walking distance of navy Pier, Fox &amp; Obel's grocery, many restuarants. There is even a PJ Clarkes on the premises. The lines for the free breakfast were there, but moved very quickly and the food was great. You can even skip the line if you are not interested in the omelet station. The free drinks at night were nice too. I had a glass of red wine and just took it back to my room. The room - the beds and pillows are wonderful! I would love to have them at home. Our room was spotless. Not the fanciest room of all time, but very clean and spacious. Would definitely stay there again, and plan on it!!	
Sep 4 2007 	Great Hotel in a Great Location!!!	We stayed here over Labor Day wknd and had a great time! Arrived early (11am) and had planned on asking for a place to store luggage until room was ready. To our delight, they told us that we could check in already! Our room was nice, 14th floor and had a HUGE corner suite with a beautiful view of the River. Breakfast was really nice. They had hot food buffet, cold cereal, assorted donuts/bagels, and a cook-to-order omlette area as well. They do have a happy hour with free drinks and appetizers, but we weren't around for it. There is a Walgreens around the corner where we would get bottled water every morning. The location was great...walking distance to everything..Navy Pier, Michigan Ave, John Hancock Bldg,etc. There is a stop for the free trolly just a few steps away from the hotel. We will definitly be back.	
Sep 3 2007	One of our best experiences/deals!	We just returned from a 5 night stay at Embassy Suites and loved every minute of it! The location is great, being walking distance to Navy Pier, Magnificent Mile as well as being within a block from Walgreens, Fox and Obel (a really nice gourmet food store/market), and Dominick's (another supermarket). We checked in around 6pm or so and requested a high room with a view...and got a room on the 15th floor (they have 17 floors total) with a &quot;partial&quot; view of the lake...which means you can't see the _entire_ lake from your window... but its still a GREAT view! The Manager's reception allows you free, unlimited drinks (alcohol, juice, soda, etc) with finger foods (potstickers, crab cakes, egg rolls, meatballs, veggies/dip, etc) and the breakfast buffet has pretty much some of eveything (made to order omelettes, fruits, pastries/bagels, juices, sausage/bacon, french toast, pancakes, etc.). The suites were very roomy with a separate bedroom with its own sink and TV and a living room with a kitchinette (a small sink, microwave, mini-fridge) with sleeper sofa, business desk/chair, and separate closet. Its great for families! Last, the service was wonderful: friendly and helpful staff who request that you speak to the manager on duty if you do not feel any part of your stay as being &quot;very satisfied&quot;. All in all, we would definitely stay here again...especially with the Hotwire price of $109 a night. If you plan on seeing just Chicago, then we would advise you to not even rent a car as parking/traffic is such a hassle and this hotel is in such a good location.	
Sep 1 2007 	Pleasant surprise	We had never stayed at an Embassy Hotel before, so this was a welcome surprise for us. It is a practical place to stay especially for families with kids. The rooms are clean, neat, and big. Our room had a very comfortable king bed with a sitting area with a pull out bed. There were 2 tv's and a microwave and mini fridge.There was an additional 2 sinks as well. Towels were well provided for. The carpet and couches looked a bit worn. If u have a view of the Lake u can catch the fireworks on a Wednesday or Saturday at 9/9:30pm. We never heard any noise or disruptions during the day or night, so we slept pretty well. The breakfast was good, but long lines and crowded, so go early. All the staff we encountered were professional, friendly and helpful. Room service was good, portions are big, so we could share. Parking is expensive (+-$39per day) - there is an option for self parking, but I think u have to pay every time u get your car. Also there is a parking structure opposite the hotel I think u can use. If you're driving yourself the entrance to use is on Illinois street, which is a one way. It can get very confusing- u can't park infront of the hotel on Columbus. There is a Walgreens just around the corner. The hotel exceeded our expectations. We will probably stay here again.	
Aug 26 2007	Clean and comfortable!	We stayed for a 3-day weekend in August. It was perfect for our family of 4 with 2 teenagers. It was very clean and extremely quiet. We never heard a single sound while in our room! We had a partial lake view/ city view on the 12th floor. It was quite an experience for our kids. Being a weekend, the hotel was full to capacity, but we never had to wait for any elevators as they were always quick to arrive. We loved the extra space of the sitting area separate from the sleeping area. We were close enough to Navy Pier that we walked or took the free blue trollies. We were able to walk to Gino's East, Giordano's, the Hancock Building, American Girl Store, Mellenium Park and more!On the negative side, the free breakfast was very crowded by 9am and very hard to get a table. We found ourselves having to get up earlier than we wanted just to get a table at breakfast. The pool is also very small for such a large hotel. The parking garage was outrageous at $34 per day. (We parked our car for 3 days and walked everywhere)Our weekend was expensive, but we felt very worth it!	
Aug 25 2007 	Great Stay!	August 20-24/07 2 adults. We got this hotel on hotwire for $109.00 per night for 4 nights. We took the train from Midway to State and then got a cab as it was raining out otherwise you can walk few blocks. We did take the train from Grand to Midway on our return.The room was quiet, beds were wonderful and most of all the air conditioner was quiet (I am a very light sleeper). We got a room on the top floor city view non smoking 2 doubles and had a great view of nice buildings and the river running between the buildings. The room was very clean and comfortable with microwave and fridge, 2 tvs and living room area. The room only lacked in the bath tub was not one I could really enjoy a long bath in as it was older not a soaking tub but shower worked great.This hotel and clean and has a very nice lobby area with lots of tables for breakfast and coctail time.The elevators were very fast.The breakfast was the best I have ever had for free with cook to order omlettes and eggs, and lots of other choices, excellent start to the day, really really good.Coctail time was also nice touch had every evening we were there very small line for a wide choice of drinks with no limit. They also had snacks that were also good. We enjoyed this to a good start to our evening plans.There is a AMC theatre and bowling right around the corner and we went to a movie during the big storm so we did not even know it happened.There is a resturant PJ's attached to the hotel which has one of the best hamburgers I have ever had.Value wise this hotel get 5 stars with the great breakfast and free drinks and snacks. We loved Chicago!!	
Aug 24 2007 	Not the best not the worst	The Embassy Suites Chicago Downtown/Lakefront is trading on its reputation. It is not a fair bargain for the price, but it's not the worst you can do in the city by any stretch.The location is excellent.The facility itself is somewhat shabby. In my room, the wallpaper was peeling, the bathroom tiles were cracked and dirty in the grout and corners, the ceiling fan was slightly noisier than an airplane propeller, and the air conditioning unit hummed -- loudly -- all night long.Street noise and lobby noise are problems. All of the rooms are built around an atrium at the bottom of which is the bar, reception, front desk, etc. There's also a bar in the hotel, opening onto the atrium, that serves until 4 a.m. Great, if you're partying. Terrible, if you're trying to sleep.My non-smoking room was, technically, non-smoking, but since all the rooms in the atrium share a ventilation system, I not only got to listen to my neighbors below and above, I got to inhale their second-hand smoke too.	
Aug 22 2007 	Fantastic location great for families friendly staff!	We (mom and 2 boys, 11 and 6) stayed at the Embassy Suites Lakefront from 8/12 - 8/19, booked via Hotwire. We couldn't have been happier with the choice, especially for the price.The boys were awed by the 12-story atrium and fountain in the lobby, it was very dramatic. They also loved the glass elevators which felt like an amusement park ride. We had a little key trouble the first day but the staff were great about getting it fixed.This hotel is in a great location if you plan to go to Navy Pier -- only a 2 block walk. And, it's only 2 blocks west to Michigan Avenue where you can catch buses and do some shopping (the lego store in the Nordstrom mall is fun for kids!). Plus, there is a bowling alley and a movie theater, around the corner and actually in the Embassy Suites building. Great for a rainy day, and we had a few!The room was nice -- 2 double beds with an east view, decent view of Lake Michigan. There's a building between the hotel and the lake and you can see the lake around both sides of the building. The 'suite' section had a pull out couch -- which was kind of hard and not so comfortable - We ended up all sleeping in the 2 beds, which were very comfortable. There was also a second TV, table, mini-fridge and microwave. There are also laundry facilities available.Breakfast was crowded only on Friday, Saturday and Sunday; weekdays were not bad at all. The evening reception had short lines (5 min. or so) for drinks; that's the price you pay for free I guess, we only went a couple of times. The pool is quite small -- it's like one lap of a lap pool. We went twice, it wasn't crowded.The bellmen, concierge, and front desk staff were all truly great. The cleaning staff was very anxious to get to our room. We even ordered room service one night and it was prompt and hot.Overall -- great value for the money! It may not be the Ritz but for a family friendly stay in Chicago, I would definitely recommend the Embassy Suites!	
Aug 18 2007 	Modern Great Service Worth Every Penny in an Expensive Town!	I stayed at this property on business, and had stayed at many Embassy Suites before. ...I thought I knew what to expect. An atrium, a guestroom with a sitting area, wetbar, etc... but upon my entrance into the lobby I was pleasantly surprised.This property puts a modern/trendy spin on what you think of the &quot;traditional&quot; Embassy Suite-Style Atrium. Lots of glass, modern fountain water features, candles, gray tones used, cubist decor/accents w/a bit of Asian flair thrown in. At night when the lights went down, it took on an even cooler vibe.The rooms feature marble counter tops. Views vary - and I had a city view. Room was CLEAN, and large. Service was impeccable - I checked in at the height of a rush time - it was BUSY and they moved us fast, and were courteous.The manager's cocktail reception and breakfast in the morning are added perks that give you more bang for your buck if you compare prices at other Chciago downtown hotels - definitely a stylish hotel that is worth your money.	
Aug 16 2007 	Ideal hotel for us	We found this hotel to be in a good location - within easy walking distance of Navy Pier and Lake (not actually Lakefront though), river and Millenium Park and a longer walk to Sears Tower and museum area. We found the hotel to be quiet - no sound came from other rooms and we had no problems with noisy guests in corridors as often happens. We overlooked the road but did not find it too noisy. Love the Embassy Suites for their two rooms - as a family of four it's great to have the extra space. We stayed four nights (Sat/Sun/Mon/Tues) and unlike other reviewers, at no time did we have any queues for the free breakfast . Only problem was slowness of toasters. Didn't use the Manager's Reception but never saw any long lines for this either. Two sinks were seperate to shower which is always useful and there was a third kitchen-type sink between the two rooms along with a small fridge. Unlike other fridges on our holiday this one was completely silent. Everywhere was very clean. Loved this hotel and loved Chicago. Would definitely stay again although it's not cheap!	
Jul 17 2007 	Expected More For Being Embassy Suites	I had originally booked another hotel when I came upon the Embassy Suites for about the same price. The Embassy was closer to where we wanted to be and with 4 people in the room (2 adults, 2 kids 4 &amp; 6) I thought it would be nice to have a larger room. Everyone at the hotel was very nice, the bed was very comfortable, the bathroom was in working order. The breakfast was good, but the lines on Saturday were very long for the cooked-to-order items. The hotel was close to Navy Pier, the shopping mall with the Lego store and lots of restaurants. Now for the negatives: One of our room keys didn't work (not a biggie, it happens). I went down to get a new one, but they needed my husband's ID since it was his name on the account. Our room window was open a few inches and there was no crank to close it. When I went to call for maintenance our phones weren't working well and very little could be heard over the loud static. Maintenance came up, closed the window and tested the phone. The phone itself was fine, but the line would need to be worked on by the phone company after our departure. We'd only need the phone to call valet for our car and for hotel issues so I wasn't too upset. The maintenance guy checked to see if we could switch rooms, but the place was fully booked. He offered free movies for our two night stay. After walking the city for a little bit, it was time to settle down for the night. My husband had to get up early for a seminar and I offered to set the alarm. There wasn't a clock in the room. I called on our almost inaudible phone for a clock. One was brought up quickly, however the volume didn't work and was stuck on high. So much for waking up to the requested alarm clock. Now to get the kids settled. We could hardly get the bed out of the sofa. It took both my husband and I to pull it out and it was a work out. I thought the sofa looked a little strange when my kids were sitting on it. However, after setting it up the best we could it was the most comfortable sofa bed that we had ever had in a hotel (good luck to them ever getting that thing back in there). Now to turn on a movie for the kids to watch a little before bed. After all free movies. Well we had no movies on our TV. I tried calling down, but couldn't hear through the static. I figured it was late enough and just had them go to sleep. At about 3am in the morning the people next door came to their hotel room. I could hear every word they were saying and they weren't even being loud. I was glad they didn't stay up much longer. The following day we did have movies on our TV, but when we got the bill we were charged for the one movie we watched. The lines for drinks at the nightly managers reception were so long that we didn't attend.	
Jul 6 2007 	July 4th experience	Stayed July 3 - July 6, 2 adults, 1 teenager and 1 preteen. Had read a lot of reviews about this hotel and knew what to expect over the July 4 holiday. Place was full, and it was all families with kids.... like us. At times there were waits for elevators (particularly after the July 3 big fireworks) and the breakfast was unpleasant due to overwhelming amounts of people. That said, the staff handled things well, obviously had dealt with these types of crowds and we felt they did a good job. You had to show your room keys to enter the hotel on July 3rd after the fireworks which kept out the hordes of people streaming off the shoreline. Things quieted down quickly due to the clientel being families. Our room was a 2 double, non-smoking. Very clean and spacious, had a city view. Stayed on Hilton points. Our room not ready at 3pm so they found a compatable room for us so we could check in immediately.Did not use the pool, very small and crowded. Lobby area spacious, very nice, had drinks there one afternoon but left before the crowds arrived for the free drinks and snacks.The location of this hotel was perfect. About 4 blocks to actual Navy Pier enterance, 2 blocks to Mich. Ave. Went to a movie one night in the AMC on lower level of hotel, also bowling there.At ate Grand Lux nearby (very good) also liked Banderas and Dicks Last Resort Dockside (also close by).Would recommend for families, but for adult only trip we liked the Hilton Suites on the upper end of Mich. Ave where we stayed last summer.	
Jul 1 2007	Very Nice Hotel - No Complaints	We actually made a last minute decision to spend a saturday night in downtown chicago. I went on Priceline.com and bid on a 3 star property for $90.00 and we got a room at this hotel. The normal rate is $250.00 a night so I felt like we got a great deal. I couldn't have gotten a better value anywhere else.This is actually a very nice hotel right in the heart of the city. We were close to all kinds of shopping, resteraunts, and bars. The hotel lobby is beautiful with a large glass atrium. The staff was friendly and efficient. Are room was a very nice one bedroom suite with a nice view of the city. I would highly recommend this hotel for someone in the city for the weekend. The &quot;suites&quot; include a seperate sitting area with a couch and t.v. This would be a perfect set up for a family vacation. I felt that this was one of the nicer Embassy Suites I have ever stayed in. The room includes a free breakfast buffet, which was comparable to any resteraunt.This is really a great property and I would not hesitate to stay here again. At the end of the day since we only paid $90.00 a night this is probably the best value I have ever found. The normal rate of $250 a night would seem a little steep, but if you can get a reduced rate online I would definitely recommend this property.	
Jun 21 2007	Thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Embassy Suites Lakefront	My family and I just returned from a 5-night stay at the Embassy Suites Downtown/Lakefront in Chicago. We enjoyed every minute we stayed in the hotel. During our stay, our suite was clean, everything was in working order and we had plenty of room for three people. Having a clean kitchen sink, microwave and mini fridge was extremely useful and convenient, as was the extra vanity and sink in the bedroom. The beds were warm and comfortable, but not saggy. The sofa bed was more comfortable than any other sofa bed I have experienced. All the staff,including the reception desk, valet, bar staff, food service and housekeeping staff were professional and personable. It gave one the sense that they really enjoyed working there. Even though I did not reserve a room with a lake front view, the reception staff found a room with a partial view without an additional fee. The complimentary breakfast is far more than the usual danish and coffee. It's a medium sized buffet complete with eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, French toast, cook-to-order omelets, pastries, cereal bar and fresh fruit. The evening Manager's Reception with complimentary alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks from the full bar was a great way to start each evening. The location on Columbus and E. Illinois is fantastic as it is a few blocks walk from Navy Pier and the river walks along Wacker Drive. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 4 2007 	Great hotel!	Pros-Wonderful staff Beautiful decor Corner suite was great for my rather rambuctious kids Breakfast buffet and Evening manager's reception Only a couple of blocks from Navy PierCons-Pool was on the small side Hot tub was closed If you self-park takes 3 elevators to get to roomsAll in all a great place and would definitely stay there again!	
Jun 1 2007 	Quiet well located hotel	The only disappointment here was the advertised &quot;lake view room&quot; -- we only had such a view if we leaned WAAAAAYYYY over and coked our head to the side looking out our window. So do be aware (if such things matter to you) that this hotel is a couple of blocks away from the lake and not all rooms afford a view. Even ones billed as having a lake view.Otherwise, the hotel was quiet and clean. Very modern style, a copy of the W theme that is so popular wiht lots of glass and stainless steel. Our room was large. There is a cocktail reception with free drinks and nasty little buffet snacks (you know, egg rolls and chips and such, the usual cheap cocktail reception food) each night. Breakfast buffet is also free and better thn most as you can get lots of fresh fruit and omlets and such made to order. The hotel is within easy walk distance for tourists to downtown shopping, the lake, various tours and plenty of restaurants. We had a lovely stay.	
May 29 2007 	Great Memorial Weekend stay	We had 4 teenagers and 2 rooms. Excellent stay. We requested 2 rooms next to each other. Arrived at 11am Saturday of Memorial Day weekend. One room was available and they said they would get our other room as close as possible. We ended up with the room next door which was great. Not so great pull out beds but you don't expect they would be that great. Excellent location to Navy Pier and the Watertower and Michigan Ave. shopping. Would stay again when we visit again.	
Apr 26 2007 	Conference / Business Stay	We stayed at the Embassy Suites for a 4 day conference from April 21-25th. Generally speaking the room was nice and spacious. The front desk staff (and any other staff we encountered) were friendly and helped out when we requested. We did not use the concierge, so can not comment on those services. We did not like the complimentary breakfast all that much. They had a large selection of items, but nothing tasted really good. We did not have problems finding a table though. I thought the elevators were fairly quick and did not require long waits or cramming into them with a bunch of people. The only annoying thing with the elevators was that it took you 3 different elevators to get down to the self park area below the building. It took 2 elevators and a walk through the large lobby area to just get to street level. We did hear strange things coming from the vents in our room. Not sure how close this persons room was, but it was somewhat uncomfortable hearing her emotional breakdown while sitting in the living room area of our room. There is also quite a bit of street noise in the bedroom  especially during rush hour. That sort of thing does not affect my sleep, but its definitely there and we were on the 12th floor. These are things that Im not sure the hotel can do much about, but thought some people might want to know.The location of the hotel is good and safe. It was about a 10 minute walk to Navy Pier and about 5 minutes to Michigan Ave. All in all, the stay went fairly well  we would stay here again for a good rate.	
Apr 15 2007 	busy weekend caveat	We reserved a room with usually reliable Embassy Suites anticipating a leisurely weeknight stay at a spot close to restaurants, shopping and Navy Pier. What we failed to anticipate was a hotel overrun with spring break kids and their families, straining the ES staff to their limits, evidenced by the mob scene breakfast we encountered on a recent Friday morning there. At 8:30 we went downstairs to find hundreds of people in all the food lines, patiently waiting for complimentary breakfast. Unfortunately the staffing seemed minimal, with dirty dishes, empty drink containers and jammed tables everywhere. You would think that when a hotel is booked solid, they might anticipate a crowd like this, but that was not the case here. We nudged a couple of oblivious post breakfast coffee sippers out of their seats and quickly ate the eggs that had become cold on our search for a place to sit. We left our room (comfortable, but with stained rugs and no coffee packets) soon after and headed for a lengthy wait at the elevators with our bags. The valet was fairly quick with our car, but then for a $39 overnight charge it should have come with a wash &amp; wax. We're from Dallas, so we know about downtown parking charges but this seemed excessive. All in all, we will try somewhere else the next time we're here visiting this wonderful city.	
Apr 4 2007 	My Paper Walls	If you love to eavesdrop, this is the hotel for you! Not only did we get to listen to Brian call his buddies at 3 a.m. after a night of partying, but we also got serenaded by the next guests children. Theres nothing like New York, New York to rouse you out of bed at 6:30 a.m. Mind you, these people werent being overly loudjust normal noises. We also got to hear the maintenance man roto-rooting the toilet next door at midnight. Why, you ask? Because there was a serious plumbing problem in our section of the hotel. We had to have our toiletwhich wasnt even secured to the floorserviced three times in three days. And no, were not big eaters.Ive seen the undeserved raves about the breakfast and managers receptions. We were sent to the reception to wait for our room, which wasnt ready for our 7 p.m. arrival. (no excuses, no apologies) Theres something about a ratio of 300 guests to 1 possibly inebriated bartender that doesnt sit right with me, but really, who doesnt love to stand in line for 30 minutes just to eat and drink below-average fare in a lobby that reeks of chlorine? (A quote from our 8 year old: These pancakes taste icky. Seriously, how bad to they have to be if kids wont eat them?) If you are in the hotel during the breakfast rush or happy hour, stand outside your room and look down into the lobby. Youll see huge throngs of hotel guests cued up for a free Miller Lite, or some gritty, overcooked, foodservice eggs. You may find yourself thinking of earlier, simpler times, say a Soviet toilet paper line, or maybe a killing floor during Chicagos hog butcher capital days. Heres a tip that saved us some time and trouble: walk one block east on Illinois to Fox and Obels, a GREAT gourmet market and liquor store. That corkscrew by the ice bucket in the room is there for a reason. In all seriousness, this hotel was fine in spite of our problems. The lake view was pretty. The room was clean. The sofa bed was good, but small. The location was convenient. Service was, eh, with the exception of the bell staff who were uniformly great. We paid $149/nt., which seemed reasonable overall for Chicago. Ive seen rates posted into the high $200s, and this place simply isnt worth those prices. And 4.0 rating? Uh, no. Based on the design of the hotel, I think it must have built its reputation as a businessmans special. Now it caters to the family crowd, and the transition is only half successful. The pool is obviously a one-lane lap pool thats now overcrowded with kids, and the large bar area has become pancake central for the kiddies. Its basically Comfort Inn and Suites with a fountain and glass elevators. I love CI&amp;S, but thats not what I was expecting.Another note, this hotel is NOT appropriate for people who are afraid of heights. The hotel has 12 stories of rooms above the lobby with an open atrium that is bordered with clear plexiglass along the hallways. We saw one young boy who was terrified of the drop. Something to consider.	
Apr 3 2007 	Great for Familys	I stayed here St. Patrick day weekend with my parents, after reading reviews on trip advisor. The suites are large and the sofa bed was comfortable enough. So for 3 people and with breakfast included was good value for money. The suite was clean, comfortable and you could just about see a glimpse of Lake Michigan between buildings. (&quot;Lakefront&quot; is a little misleading if you are after a great view). It was a little noisy at night (particularly as I was sleeping in the living area) but then given it was St. Patricks night that was perhaps to be expected. Location was excellent, right beside where they were dying the river green for the events, and very easy to pick up the Navy pier trolley. The restaurant PJ Clarks on the ground floor is well worth a visit.	
Mar 26 2007 	This Place Was Aces!	I won't repeat all the good things stated about this hotel. My wife and I were there last week for a convention of my nonprofit and it lived up to its reputation as presented here in Tripadvisor.Only a few additional comments. On floors 10 and 14 there are a washer/dryer. $1.50 to wash and $1.50 to dry. The washer on floor 10was out of service at the time of my visit and the sign on it looked like it had been there a while.One the plus side, the elevators that take you from the SL level to your room are the fastest elevators I have ever experienced in a hotel. Very convenient.The concierge was great, gave us a wonderful tip for a great Italian meal one evening.All in all, an excellent stay!	
Mar 24 2007 	The Best Yet	We arrived at the Embassy Suites after a long train ride from Detroitonly to find out Expedia had botched our reservation (that's aother review). While I was on the phone with Expedia for almost two hours (over the counter at the front desk!), the front desk staff offered us free cocktails, dinner for our tired and hungry children, and assisted us to book a replacement hotel- all while not even guests! They even offered that we return in the morning for free breakfast instead of paying to eat elsewhere. We were forced to stay elsewhere for one night but returned to Embassy Suites for two more nights- a terrific stay! the rooms are spacious and well-appointed- showed no signs of wear that others mentioned. Beautiful soaring lobby- kids thought it was the coolest. Awesome cocktail happy hour -FREE! What! We couldn't believe it! Without a doubt, a fantastic location, above and beyond staff in ALL areas, and great, family-friendly rooms. Can't say enough (and this from two BIG hotel snobs!)	
Mar 23 2007 	Pretty good	I stayed there for a night, and arrived after midnight. Bell service was smooth and excellent, as was checkin. I did however, order &quot;build-a-bear&quot; package, which was forgotten, but the manager promptly sent it up when I called. Room was clean and funcitonal, if not elegant. Nice view of the lake, also. I did not appreciate the bible in the room, though (placed by the Gideons or something), I don't think it's a hotel's place to do that, it made me feel uncomfortable. But Room service was excellent, though expensive, and they gave me a late checkout- and then an even later checkout without any hassle. Checkout was smooth as well, as was ordering and loading up the car. Later, I thought I had forgot my watch- I called the hotel who sent up security who went throught the entire room, and called me back (they didn't find it.. But points for trying.) Over all, extremely functional and pratical, but could use more elegance.	
Mar 3 2007 	Loved the Embassy Suites Lakefront	We stayed here at the end of August 2006. The hotel was wonderful. We had a beautiful view of Lake Michigan from our suite. The complimentary breakfast and cocktail hour each day was one of best things about our stay. It definitely cuts down on the price of eating out. The staff was helpful and courteous. Getting around Chicago is much easier if you use the public transportation system. We got a 5 day visitor pass for $18. Where else can you get a deal like that? We would stay there again.	
Jan 30 2007 	Super-Happy with Embassy Suites Lakeshore!!	Couldn't ask for a better location. Within walking distance of everything!! Walked to the hotel from the Orange Line (arrived @ Midway Airport), It was great! The service at the hotel was outstanding. The first two nights were low key in the hotel, but the attention to detail from the staff was great. The second two nights we were there was when the Bears beat Seattle to be one game away from the Superbowl. The crowds were amazing, yet the service level was maintained. I was extremely impressed. 'The only negative observation is the swimming pool. Very small and a lot of kids. I wouldn't let my kids go as there were so many kids in a small area with what seemed like a lot of colds...Good thing we weren't in Chicago to swim anyway!!For the price, this was one of the nicest hotels that I've stayed in with one of the best views in the city. We'll be back--	
Jan 30 2007 	GIve this hotel a try	Nice room decor and clean. Breakfast can get crowded. Tip--go early! Did not care for the construction noise on a Saturday morning. But this hotel was very well located (close to Michigan Ave) and all staff were pleasant to deal with. We'd go back.	
Jan 19 2007 	great location	I think this a great location in downtown Chicago. There are so many things just STEPS away. (AMC Theatre, Starbucks, Jewel, Walgreens....) There was a really awesome bar (LUCKY STRIKE) with a bowling alley and lots of pool tables or huge couches to watch the game on. That is through the AMC doors and up the escilator. Valet parking is a little high, ($39 per night) but for downtown I suppose that is the going rate. Huge free breakfast.. We will definately be back!!	
Jan 10 2007 	Agree - You can do better	It's over-rated. So many things were out of order it's not funny. We had a broken lamp when we checked in (They swapped out a new one immediately.) The ceiling fan did not work (but they didn't offer to give us another room, only a stand-up fan that they never delivered.) Another light bulb out on the desk lamp and a third one burnt out during our stay. The gym equipment was broken while we were there the entire week after Christmas. The bathroom had other people's hair there for three days before they cleaned it up. The Manager's reception is over-rated. The line is so long you only have enough time to get one drink in two hours. The Breakfast is nice if you can get in before 7:30. Otherwise you'll be fighting the crowds. Really, there are plenty of other places to stay in this vicinity. Take your money elsewhere.	
Jan 9 2007	A very good deal but expect to 'pay' for it	At about $120/night for 5 people (breakfast included), this was undeniably an excellent deal. The location is prime, and the room was well-designed and comfortably held our entire family. The free cocktail each evening was nice &amp; the nibbles were decent (an unfortunate sea of styrofoam cups, however). However, the much vaunted &quot;cooked to order breakfast&quot; was a chaotic, unpleasant ordeal each morning. We felt like cattle waiting to be served at the trough. There was insufficient seating, and the entire environment reeked of make-shift disposable (ugly folding tables/chairs, ugly plastic trays, and again a miserable waste of styrofoam cups).Dread of the breakfast pandemonium would cause hesitation in whether to stay at this hotel again. It is a shame, as so much of the hotel has good things to offer.	
Jan 5 2007 	great place to stay with kids	We stayed at this Embassy Suites location for 3 nights in Oct. It was our first time to Chicago and thought this was a great place for the money. We took our kids to see the King Tut exhibit and made a full weekend out of all of Chicago's great sights to see. The hotel was easy walking distance to Magnificent Mile, Navy Pier and there were always cabs outside waiting for other destinations. We took the Blue line in from O'Hare (the hotel told us what stop to get off at and how to get from the stop to the hotel by cab). The FREE breakfast and cocktail hour were great, especially traveling with kids. We also bought snacks and wine at the grocery store across the street and stored those in our in room fridge. The rooms are a little worn but comfortable. We definitely would go back and stay at this hotel again.	
Dec 26 2006 	Great Hotel	Large clean room. Fantastic breakfast (but does get crowded sometimes). Location is close to Magnificent Mile and Navy Pier, and we were able to use the free trolleys quite often during our stay. We have a family of 5, so the pull-out couch was great in comparison to a roll-a-way bed at most hotels. Friendly and efficient service. The pool is not real large, but the kids enjoyed it. Overall a great stay.	
Dec 11 2006 	Great location rate amenities!	Great location! About two blocks from Michigan Ave, and just a few more to nearly everything else.Traveling with a toddler, we chose Embassy Suites for the separate living/bed rooms, refrigerator, and microwave. The complimentary full breakfast and evening cocktails were just a bonus. The rate was $50-100 less than a standard (amenity-less) room at all the nearby major chains, so it was a no-brainer to stay here. I recommend a south facing room for the best views since you will be overlooking a parking lot and not directly at a high rise.Checking in/out was a breeze. Booked a nonrefundable, prepaid rate online so that minimized the check-in time. Asked for a late checkout on a Tuesday and was allowed to stay until 1pm.Took the super convenient Orange Line train from/to Midway Airport ($2/person). Easy half mile walk from nearest station to this hotel, even in teen temperatures. Free Navy Pier Trolley picks/drops you across street from hotel. Also across the street are Starbucks, Dominick's grocery, and Un-cork It (large liquor store). You may also choose from a few neighboring restaurants.It's by no means a deal breaker, but as stated in other reviews, it takes two elevators to get from street level to your room. One set of elevators gets you from street to lobby, the other set gets you from the lobby to the rooms. Elevators are exceptionally frequent and fast to ascend/descend. I don't recall waiting more than 5 seconds after hitting the up/down button.	
Oct 26 2006	Great hotel for kids and/or Chicago Marathon	The Embassy Suites Downtown Lakefront is a great place to stay if you have kids and/or running the Chicago Marathon. The property has a great location. Easy walking distance or short cab ride to Michigan Ave. shopping, River North dining, Navy Pier, Grant Park, and the lakefront museums.I walked to the start line, which was less than a mile away.Embassy Suites are great for families. The 2 bedroom suites give families extra space. The inclusive breakfast is also very nice.The hotel is clean and has a new feel. The elevators are very fast. Unfortunately, you do need to change elevators to go down to street level.There is a Dominick's grocery store with Starbucks across the street. This is a very high end Dominick's. Also, there is an adjacent movie theatre.	
Oct 6 2006 	Nice Place for Weekend Getaway	My husband and I stayed at the Embassy Suites, Chicago Downtown Lakefront for 2 nights, September 22 &amp; 23, 2006. It was centrally located, within walking distance to most of the sights we wanted to see. We arrived well before check in and were able to go right to our room. Room was clean and spacious. The bed was a little too firm for me...a pillow top would have been more comfortable. We thoroughly enjoyed the cocktail reception and the cook to order breakfasts. Staff was courteous and friendly. Using the concierge service to book evening reservations to a Comedy Club was not a problem, they were happy to help. We would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 16 2006 	Would not return	We booked two suites for our family of 5 people in this Hilton group hotel for two nights : September 7 and 8, 2006 . My son and I have both the the HHonors Gold VIP status and during the weeks before we stayed at many Hilton properties on a family vacation. We had good and even excellent experiences at all of these hotels, including Hampton Inn's, Embassy Suites and Hilton properties.The Embassy Suites Lakefront in Chicago was the only hotel where we were not satisfied. We did arrive in the early evening with six large bags and the bell man did not bother to offer any help. We had to carry our bags ourselves to the front desk (which is situated on a higher floor) and after check in, we had to carry our bags to our 17th floor rooms (using another elevator). The people at check in did not offer any help with the bags either.Our suites were situated on the top floor just under the technical floor. This resulted in a continuous noise from these technical installations what made it almost impossible to sleep. The rooms had a view on some other buildings, no nice lakefront views as they advertize. Our flight to London was leaving at 8 pm and when we asked for a late check out (4 pm), this was only possible against the payment of a half day room rate. We furthermore had to pay for our internet connection. Our HHonors Gold status guarantees us the best available room and free internet (at Embassy Suites) which obviously we did not get at this hotel.The managers reception and the buffet breakfast (included in the rate) were ok, but there was not enough room to accomodate everyone (many people left with food and drinks to their room). This was probably due to a private event which took place in the same hall and which occupied a large part of the space available.We would never go back to this Hotel and we rate it far less than any standard Hampton Inn.	
Sep 6 2006 	You Can Do Better	I just stayed at this hotel over the weekend. The hotel was nice, but not as good as others that I have stayed at in Chicago.On the plus side, the hotel is close to the Navy Pier, Millennium Park, and Michigan Avenue. The manager's reception (free drinks and snacks from 5:30-7:30pm) is always a treat. The breakfast also offers a pretty nice selection (very decent for a free meal in Chicago). The view from the hotel room was very nice. I could see the lake and river, instead of just the side of other buildings. The pull-out bed on the couch was also decent for a couple nights' rest.I would recommend staying at the &quot;Embassy Suites Hotel Chicago Downtown&quot; instead of this location though. The staff at this Lakefront location wasn't as friendly or helpful (particularly the concierge, when I asked for a restaurant recommendation). The rooms also weren't as clean. The layout of the Lakefront isn't as nice either. The lobby and lounge feel crowded and not as relaxing as the &quot;Downtown&quot; location. As other reviewers have mentioned, having to take one elevator to the lobby and then walking across the lobby to a second elevator in order to get to your room feels a little strange (especially after a long day of walking around the city).	
Aug 1 2006 	Loved it loved the managers reception loved the breakfast	We stayed at Embassy Suites for 4 days and we loved it. It was clean, staff was very helpful and pleasant. We LOVED the made-to-order breakfast and the manager's reception. The lines did get long but if you got to breakfast early enough they were not bad. The kids loved everything about it also.	
Jul 10 2006	Good for families but maybe too good--breakfast traffic worse than the Dan Ryan	We booked a 2-night stay here for our family of 4 + baby (2 adults, a 5-year-old, a 3-year-old, and a 3-month-old). Obviously, traveling with such a group is never going to be seamless, but we were pretty happy with the room (12th fl, great view south towards the AON Center). It was a &quot;King Suite&quot;, so my wife and I and the baby slept in the King, with the two kids on the sofa bed in the front room.Besides the two-room setup with fridge and microwave, another huge plus for staying here with kids is that there's a Dominick's grocery store directly across the street (and FYI, your Safeway card seems to work there). That saved us the first night when everyone was too tired to endure a dinner outing and we bought dinner and other supplies from there.Friday morning's free breakfast was a total fiasco. The line was about 20 minutes or more to get your food, seats were hard to come by, and they kept on running out of things like plates and silverware. It was obvious that the crowd was 90% families, which obviously slows things down. There wasn't any obvious way to help the situation (other than maybe keeping supplies filled so that people aren't disrupting the flow by barging into another line to get a fork). It really started our day off on a sour note. Inexplicably, I never saw the lines get out of hand on Saturday morning though. My guess is that so many people had been traumatized by Friday's scene that they either sent one family member down to fill a tray for the rest (as we did) or they just went to Dominick's or some other place for breakfast.Another drawback is the fact that you need to take an elevator from street level up to the 5th-floor &quot;Sky Lobby&quot; and a second one up to your room. Just a pain when you're going back and forth (e.g. if you're playing the parking meter game, see below).Parking charges are always punitive in downtown hotels, and this one is no exception. $39/night to valet park, $32 to self-park. We managed to get through our two nights with only about $25 in charges (a $53 savings). There are meters immediately south of the hotel and to the east on that same block (between the Sheraton and Illinois Ave). They run 9 am to 9 pm, so if you get a spot at night, you don't have to get up at dawn to move it. The lot which is located southwest across the intersection of Illinois and Columbus from the hotel charges $22 for 24 hours (with, obviously, no in and out priveleges), so we did use that for a long stint that first night. Another parking location that can be attempted is the lowest of the 3 levels of Wacker Drive, just south of the Chicago river. The meters are 7am - 7 pm, though, and there are quite a few homeless people living down there, so I can't vouch for the security of it. I'd definitely park there during the day (and I did), but chickened out for the overnight stint.Getting back to the hotel itself, it's a good choice for its access to Grant Park and Millenium Park (less than a mile to the South), Michigan Ave (a couple of blocks east), Navy Pier (if that's your bag) and some metered parking. If you're an early riser, you shouldn't experience the problems with the breakfast traffic. Staff were all fine, breakfast is above average for a free one. We didn't partake in the happy hour (long lines again, of course), but I'd guess it was typical for Embassy Suites.	
Jul 9 2006	Very nice hotel and friendly staff	My family traveled to Chicago by train for the first time for both. We definately picked a great hotel. We were greeted right away when we arrived. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I'll admit I was afraid to go to a big city for the first time. Once we got to the hotel, I was definately more at ease. We checked in quickly, and were pleasantly suprised how clean the hotel was. We ventured out the next day, and we found we were close to the Navy Pier. We also could walk easily to the Mag Mile. The places you needed to be were in walking distance. The breakfast buffet was nice, but you need to get there early to beat the lines. It was so nice to stay here for our first experience in Chicago. When we go back--we'll be checking out the Embassy Suites Lakefront again.	
Jul 8 2006	Save yourself a headache and stay someplace else	The lobby of this hotel is impressive with I elegant decor, glass elevators and ideal location. Remove these items and you end up with a poor quality hotel. I reserved a two bedroom suite at $500.00 a night and walked into a one bedroom suite with a living room and pull out bed. This room was furnished back in 1970 and smelled like an ashtray (non-smoking room???). I immediately called the front desk to notify them of the error and was quickly informed the only 2 bedroom suite was given to another guest since I was a late check in. I paid in advance for this room and they refused to refund my three night stay, even though I checked out 15 minutes after my arrival. I guess my money ended up purchasing a purse for Paris Hilton since they needed the money more than trying to save a client.I was a Hilton Member but after the experience given to me, they can keep the membership because you lost a client.	
Jul 5 2006	Very Good Choice...but TONS of kids over the 4th of July Weekend	We stayed at this hotel over the 4th of July long weekend. The location is fantastic! A short walk to: Navy Pier, Michigan Avenue, countless restaurants, and shops. There is a brand new Dominicks (supermarket) across the street...perfect for stocking up on groceries. The hotel is very new (2 years old?). Keep in mind that there are two Embassy Suites in Chicago...this is the newer and better one. The suites are very nice, quite new and some have wonderful city/lake views.Due to the long weekend, the place was crawling with kids. My partner and I don't mind kids but this verged on ridiculous. Both the free (and very good) breakfast buffet and the evening cocktail hour were overwhelmed by the capacity crowds. Parking is steep ($36 per day self park)...but at least it is located in the same building. An elaborate movie theater and a bowling alley are also located in the same building. P.J. Clarkes (Burgers, pizza, pasta, steaks, etc) is a fantastic restaurant located on the street level of the hotel.Would I stay here again? Yes!	
Jun 2 2006	Very nice	We chose this hotel because of a great corporate rate ($175), the suite arrangement (separate bedroom to put our 2-year old down early in the evening), and the included cook-to-order breakfast.Everything went wonderfully except that on the second day, our room wasn't clean when we returned in the early afternoon...and it was naptime. By the time our 2-year old woke up, it was 4pm -- a call to housekeeping was returned with the message that they had left for the day, but offered to bring towels and plenty of coffee.Also, the hotel charges $9.95 per day for (slow) wired internet access (no wireless in the suites). We weren't aware of this through any of the websites and only discovered it when we hooked up in the room.Overall, a great place to stay with kids, but watch the extra charges!	
May 12 2006	This is the way to run a hotel	If you are looking for a clean, comfortable hotel with friendly, courteous and professional staff, the Embassy Suites Lakefront Chicago is for you. Every staff person I encountered was friendly, from the bellman to the cleaning staff. To make up for some inconvenience with our booking (which was alleviated before our arrival), the hotel had a room available for us when we arrived early, and as a thank you to us for being flexible, the manager delivered fresh fruit and bottled juices to our room shortly after we checked in. I can't say enough good things about this hotel. It's only two blocks from Michigan Ave and right on the shuttle route for Navy Pier. The complimentary breakfast is more than sufficient with a variety of delicious items as well as a &quot;cook to order&quot; station for omelets, etc. Afternoon cocktails and appetizers are offered in the atrium in a relaxing, fun atmosphere. Other hotels take note -- this is the way a hotel should be run!	
May 5 2006	Love Embassy Suites Hotels!	Staff was very friendly and courteous as mentioned in other reviews. Check-In was a breeze and I was able to check in 2 hours prior to 4pm. Pool is small but it wasn't a concern to me as I wasn't there to swim! My husband loved the jacuzzi. Great location as hotel is within walking distance of Magnificent Mile, Field Museum, Shedd Aquarium and The Loop.Breakfast Buffet and Manager's Reception are exellent. Seating area is large although the Manager's Reception can get quite crowded if there is a conference within the hotel. Lines long for drinks but bartenders moved very efficiently. Sitting area a little bit cold during Breakfast Buffet so take a light cover.Room was great. Spacious, clean and 2 TVs!! And although there was a family next door with little ones we couldn't hear them at all!!! Elevators (all 4) arrived within seconds when requested.Had dinner at PJs our last night and our meals were wonderful. Not overly pricey and food was quite tasty.We have stayed at the the other Embassy Suites Downtown Chicago, Embassy Suites Old Town Alexandria and now this stay at the Embassy Suites Lakefront has made us fans for life!	
Apr 28 2006	Great Location; OK Place	Rooms are very average. I had a suite with two doubles and a sofabed in the other room. Everything was just adequate. All the living rooms face the inside building, and are impossibly bright to sleep in. The bedroom drapes didn't close very well, so they were bright, too. The service was very good. People who worked there were super nice. Valet parking was ridiculously expensive - $39 a night with unlilmited in's and out's. The buffet breakfast that comes with the room is decent and has a lot of choices, including an omelet bar. Great for families. The biggest reason to stay at this hotel, however, and it can't be minimized, is the location. Not on Michigan avenue, so it isn't super noisy, but just a short walk away. There is a cinema in the building which makes late night movie going easy and accessible, even in the winter. One of my favorite places in Chicago, Fox and Obel, is a block away. This gem is a Dean and Deluca quality upscale grocery store, which you can't find outside NYC. It has a great informal cafeteria serving Chicago's famous Intelligentsia Coffee. I love this place to death. You're also within walking distance of Coco Pazzo, one of the best Italian restaurants in town. Fronterra Grill, Rick Bayless' famous upscale Mexican Restaurant, is a short cab drive away. I got a good deal via my credit card - about $215/night, and had four people in the room. Again, not luxurious by any means, but serves its purpose. One other irritating feature is the fact that you have to take two separate elevators, not adjacent to each other, to get to the ground level.	
Apr 24 2006	Great hotel	Evening cocktails and breakfast! Concierge were very helpful.	
Apr 22 2006	Good for families	Per travel advisor reviews spent three nights during the week during spring break. Made reservation on line. Got corner room as requested which was quiet. Small pool. Staff very helpful. With two children ages 6 &amp; 8 able to walk to Navy pier and Magnificant Mile. Hotel and room very clean as is the city. Our family thanks the reviewers of travel advisor.	
Apr 1 2006 	Embassy Suites Downtown Lakefront was perfect!	I recently stayed at the Embassy Suites Downtown Lakefornt and it was just perfect! A perfect location, close to the Magnificent Mile and the Navy Pier. Our room was great. Everyone at the hotel were so friendly and helpful. I would highly recommend staying there!!	
Mar 30 2006	Excellent!	This was a great place to stay for families or otherwise. The room rate was $199. It was clean but not overly fancy. Right in the heart of downtown within walking distance to shops and restaurants. We took our daughter and the room was perfect for her to stay up and watch TV in the living room while my wife and I had the separate bedroom. The suite was huge with a great view of the lake and the river. The staff was outstanding, friendly, accommodating. The manager's reception was a nice touch, unlimited beer, wine, cocktails saved us from paying $6 a drink elsewhere. The breakfast buffet was just average but there is enough food to fill you up and saved on breakfast tabs downtown. We couldn't have been happier and will stay there again.	
Mar 28 2006	Would Recommend	Our family stayed here recently and I would definately recommend this hotel to other travelers. All hotel staff was polite from the staff at the check in desk, breakfast staff, cocktail servers at the complimentary reception each evening to the doormen who flagged down a cab for us each day. The location worked great for us. We took cabs to some museums, but this hotel was walking distance to the John Hancock tower, Michigan Avenue, The Art Institute and Navy Pier. You may pay a little extra for Embassy Suites, but with the hot breakfast and the complimentary cocktail reception, you get your money's worth.The pool area was small as is the case with all downtown hotels if they even have a pool, but with our busy schedule, the small pool/hot tub served our purpose at the end of a busy day.Love Chicago and would stay here again.	
Feb 26 2006 	Good choice for families staying downtown	I brought along my family to a conference in Chicago - and chose to stay at ES for the suites &amp; the free breakfast. Aside from the suite arrangement (perfect for families - put the kids to sleep in the bedroom, and then stay up in the living room, sleeping on the pullout bed), the lobby is the best part of the hotel. Our 3 elementary/preschool kids were unanimous that riding the glass elevators was the highlight of our trip to Chicago. We also enjoyed the great cooked to order breakfast, and the free drinks at happy hour. The hotel is a free shuttle ride from Navy Pier, and just a few blocks from Michigan Avenue (Wrigley bldg) and the river. An excellent location!!While we'd stay here again if coming to downtown Chicago, I do have to mention 2 things. #1) The pool is sorely lacking. It is very narrow and was extraordinarily crowded at all times of the day with kids. There would have been no possibility of swimming a lap across the pool at anytime during President's Day week-end. There were at least 25 kids in the pool, and 8 in the hottub - and the comfortable capacity for the whole place would be about 2 or 3 families. Second, sides of the pool were grossly grimy. While I had to be in the pool with my daughter, I could hardly stand it with how dirty it was. My last straw was when I saw the same gross thing floating by the side of the pool that I'd seen the day before. Ewww! #2) The ES is pretty expensive. We reserved 3 months ahead, and so got the bargain rate of $170/night. That's a LOT to pay for a night. The parking is $32/day, with no other safe options nearby.However, overall a great choice for families. I would NOT stay here by myself or on any sort of romantic weekend though.	
Feb 20 2006	Nice but pricey	My two sons and I stayed one night at the Embassy Suites on N. Columbus in Chicago. Great location. I paid extra for a lakeview room and we did have a nice view of the lake, but I wouldn't really recommend to anyone else to do that. You could just take the elevator to the top floor and basically see the same view. I really liked having two rooms, it was more private. The total was $290.00, the most I've ever paid for one night at a hotel, so I'm still trying to justify spending that amount. The suite was clean. The service was excellent. Everyone was friendly and helpful. The complimentary breakfast was pretty good. We checked out the pool but didn't use it. It was pretty small, I would call it a lap pool. It did look clean. We could hear the people in the room next to us, but I don't think that is unusual in a hotel. I would recommend this hotel.	
Feb 19 2006	Absolutely fantastic	We stayed at the Embassy Suites Lakefront in January and it was magnificent. The hotel itself is gorgeous, the lobby overlooks the Lakefront area of Chicago, and is beautiful. We had two standard suites, with lovely views of Navy Pier and the lake. The rooms were very clean, the linens were wonderful. There was a very clean nice bathroom, with a good shower, and something that seems to be rare in hotel rooms, an actual soap dish for the soap. There was a wet bar with sink, microwave and refrigerator, as well as a vanity with a sink outside of the bathroom. The rate comes with complimentary made to order breakfast, and &quot;happy hour&quot; with free drinks and some snacks, chex mix, tortilla chips, salsa and queso. The breakfast was delicious, they had made to order omlets, the usual hot and cold fare, and lovely pastries. The service was excellent as well. Every time we approached the front desk, we were greeted warmly and any questions were answered. There is a concierge desk, however, we never saw an actual concierge, but the front desk staff was completely knoweledgeable and helpful, made dinner reservations, called a taxi, etc. We had many transportation questions that they were able to answer and provided great information. All in all it was a fantastic place, and if I were in Chicago again, I wouldn't hesitate to stay there. Also, the prices were quite reasonable.	
Feb 19 2006 	Overwhelmingly Friendly Service - Many Plusses	Stayed here for three days / two nights while on a business trip. Requested and got a corner room with impressive views in several directions from the 14th floor. The room was very well appointed and spacious. The elevators featured some of the quickest response times and fastest floor transiting I have seen anywhere. The customer-consciousness of the help from the street level bell staff to the front desk to even the custodial and maid staff I met in the halls or elevators was over-the-top friendly and impressive. Cabs were always available summoned quickly by the attentive staff which was a good thing since parking your own car here will cost you $32.00 nightly, and access to the L-Trains (0.7 miles) is a bit of a hike in colder weather. The Embassy's nightly manager's reception is a nice touch and the accompanying snacks are adequate, while perhaps a bit &quot;ordinary&quot;. The well-staffed, cook to order breakfast was excellent. The major complaint I had was that the mattress on the King bed was just atrocious. The bedding was good quality but I have slept on sleeper sofas with more comfortable mattresses. I brought item this to the attention of the front desk and they did little more than thank me for the point-out and promised to look into it. That was a bit disappointing. Replace the mattress and I will gladly return here.	
Feb 5 2006 	Great Hotel!!!	Having stayed at multiple hotels in Chicago, including the Hiltons, Swissotel, W, etc, I find the Embassy Suites to be the best value. I'm a true American guy so I don't care for european artsy deco, or victorian 17th century styling. The Embassy has a modern, simple, and elegant look. It made me feel right at home, but at the same time a little excited. Some other Chicago hotels are really nice but it appears Queer Eye for the Straight Guy have been decorating- they're judt not comfortable. Not the case at Embassy. Its a fun hotel. I especially loved the wide open atrium.In the morning theres free made-to-order breakfast which was great, and theres really good free nachos at happy hour. I have plenty of money but free is always a perk.By the end of my 7-night stay I knew almost every staff member by name. What a great staff. Hospitality is always Embassy's strongpoint. Not much of a noise problem, like other reviewers note.Location was picked for proximity to the office but also wonderfully close to Navy Pier and Michigan ave.I'd highly recommend the hotel for families too. I'm taking my two boys to the auto show next weekend and I'm sure they'll enjoy the Embassy suites, too.	
Dec 20 2005	Nice hotel except for the noise.	My family stayed at this hotel the week of December 12th-16th. Overall, the hotel was very nice and the free breakfast and happy hours were great. The location is very good also. The rooms were clean and comfortable. The only negative is the noise. I could easily hear people in the next room or noise from the street. I was on the 9th floor so the street noise was surprising.	
Dec 18 2005	Much Fun	My Family and I stayed at the Embassy Suites Chicago Lakefront hotel for the first time this october. We are Hilton Club Members so we were led to stay at a Hilton-affiliated Hotel and we picked the Embassy Suites. We stayed from Oct. 21-23 and enjoyed it very much. It is in a fabulous location just situated between the Miracle Mile (Michigan Avenue) and the Navy Pier and Lake Michigan. You could see everything from just outside your window, such as the Hancock Tower or the River. The rooms were pretty comfortable and it was pretty spacious. The lobby is pretty and the Manager's Cocktail Reception everynight was very nice. It was pretty crowded during our stay because the White Sox were playing in the World Series those nights and it was nice because the TV's all around the lobby showed the game. The breakfast was nice. My only concern was that the tables were too small. There isn't much to do in the hotel itself, but step outside and its a world of excitement. Chicago is nothing like NYC and it is one gorgeous and clean town. The restaurant in the Hotel, P.J. Clarkes, was nice and the food was pretty good. I definatley reccomend this hotel!	
Dec 8 2005	Great for Families	My wife and I and our two kids (ages 10 and 6) stayed here five days leading up to Thanksgiving. The Embassy Suites is a great place to stay if you have kids and are going to be in town for more than a day or two. It seemed to me the same crowd you'd have at a hotel near Disney World--i.e. lots of families with young kids.  We had a room on the 9th floor--there are 17 total--with a good view of the lake. The location of the hotel is just fine, situated between Michigan Avenue and Navy Pier We didn't have a car with us, but never had any trouble getting to where we needed to get to. You can walk anyhere from the Loop to the Hancock pretty easily. With four of us, taking a cab to the museums was only a couple dollars more than the bus would have been, and much more convenient. There is a Walgreens on the same block, with a liquor store and a gourmet market one block away. Since there's a mini fridge in the room, you can stock up on snacks for the kids.  I expected the worst concerning the nightly reception and the breakfast, but it wasn't that bad. Weekends are definitely more busy. Just know if you choose to get to breakfast at the same time as everyone else, you'll be waiting for your breakfast with everyone else. If you don't want to wait in line for breakfast (like 10-15 minutes), simply wake up earlier. You can always skip the line and get bagels, juice, cereal, etc. with no wait.  Don't stay at the Embassy Suites expecting luxurious surroundings, especially when there's an Intercontinental, Ritz and Peninsula within a mile. Yes, noise carries quite well in the building, and there are hotels closer to the heart of the action. However, you get breakfast taken care of every day, can have a couple pops in the afternoon, and the room has two TV's so the kids are happy.  Having some patience will definitely help. However, chances are if you are traveling to the big city with kids, you probably already have enough to enjoy your stay here.	
Nov 27 2005 	Embassy during the week great	I had an extended stay at this Embassy. A total of 5 1/2 weeks. During the week it was mainly business people. No long lines at breakfast (6:30am start) or managers reception (5:30 to 7:30pm). Both are 7 days a week. Fairly quiet (if you are high up) except for the emergency vehicle sirens. However, the invasion of children started on Friday nights. Lots of noise and long lines at breakfast and reception. With the atrium the noise rose so it is best to be up on a high floor. There is a washer and dryer on floors 10 &amp; 14 for those longer stays ($1.50 each). However, the walls are paper thin. Speaking, radio, TV and children are very noticable from the next room. Rooms in the corners should be quieter. Also, the beds are hard (at least on floor 13).	
Nov 26 2005	NOISY	my family and i have stayed at a couple of embassy's which has been great due to their &quot;suite&quot; rooms that accomadate multiple peoplethe view is spectacular and the rooms and hotel are nice but at night having the atrium made the hotel very noisy at nightmy family of 4 had to sqeeze into the back room which was very uncomfortable especially when we needed the living roommy recommendation is to stay high up and as deep in as possible, some rooms are tucked behind which is probably the best way to gootherwise, great food, fabulous for families (but sometimes too many children creates more noise) and GREAT LOCATION!unfortunately we will never go to an embassy suites again	
Nov 6 2005 	not the finest of the Embassy Suites	There were no real problems with this hotel it was merely a disappointment. I have stayed in various Embassy Suites over the years and have always enjoyed them but this one was nothing special and not the greastest value for your dollar. The concierge was not very helpful or friendly either.	
Oct 30 2005	Embassy Suites Lakefront - nice stay	We stayed here last night (Sat, Oct 29) for a short family outing to Chicago. Won a bid of $65 each for 2 rooms on Priceline - what a steal! Our family of 4 (two boys 8 &amp; 11) were very satisfied with the accommodations and service, especially given the price, since the cheapest rate offered on the web was $199.We arrived at 1:00, but were told our rooms weren't ready since check-in is at 4. No problem, we wanted to have lunch so we walked to Navy Pier (not as close as I had thought but a nice day for a walk nonetheless) and then over to lunch at Dick's Last Resort on the North Pier. We returned to the hotel at 3:30 and were given 2 adjacent rooms, having requested such. Both rooms were the typical Embassy suite style - separate bedroom, fold-out couch in living room (on the 10th floor) - each bedroom had two double beds. I decided that a King bed would be nicer for hubby &amp; I, so returned to the front desk to ask to be changed, which was kindly accommodated (on the 12th floor). No mention of Priceline either time. Unfortunately when I exchanged room keys, the boys and my husband, waiting in one of the suites, had left some luggage in the other suite. So when I returned with the new room assignment, we had no keys to get in the other room. I found a maid a few doors down and explained. She called the front desk to confirm my story (can't just be letting people into strange rooms you know.) When confirmed the front desk said that security had to let us in and they would be right up. After waiting a few minutes, the maid kindly let me in herself so we wouldn't have to wait longer. Rooms were a contemporary design with modern furniture in nice shape. Rooms were pleasant to look at and comfortable although it was weird that the rooms had a window with shutters looking out onto the hall, but we just closed them. The view not much to look at, not a problem. Nice that the bedroom window opened to let air in. Room was absolutely sound-proof - didn't hear a sound from any other room or floor (except occasional siren outside.) Internet connection was woefully slow so we weren't able to use that - didn't bring it to the hotels attention since we weren't in the room for that much time.At 5:30 we mosied down for free drinks at happy hour and relaxed while the kids swam. Hot tub and pool are nothing fancy - basically a lap pool, but we pretty much had it to ourselves, there was one other family in the pool room. The only minor complaint was that the bartender would only let you take one drink at a time, so hubby and I had to go to bar together or one of us made two trips - silly. But a good deal regardless. There was nachos, cheese sauce and nuts for snacks. No long lines at the bar or for food.We dined at PJ Clarkes in the hotel which we enjoyed - having left the kids at the room checking in via cell phone.Free breakfast the next day was also very good. We arrived at 8:00ish having read horror stories on tripadvisor.com about dreadfully long lines after 9:00. Since it was Sunday there was made-to-order omelets, as well as bacon, sausage, cereal, donuts, juices, fruit, etc. We checked out at 9:30 and there still was no waiting line at breakfast that we had been warned about. Being a weekend, I was surprised that it wasn't busier. Self-parking was $32.Would stay here again, especially at this price given the free happy hour and breakfast - what a great deal. Would be fun to do a &quot;girl friends&quot; trip here. Overall a very nice stay, kids really enjoyed having a suite all to themselves.	
Oct 26 2005	Great Family Place	Because we didn't get much of a family vacation, I told my boys that their first 3 day holiday we would book a trip where ever American had a netsaver. Well, last weekend the Netsaver from Dallas to Chicago was $139. We booked the Lakeshore Embassy suites ($279 a night). First, Chicago is a great place to take the family. There were tons to do. The hotel's location is so-so. It is great if you are interested in the Navy Pier and things on that side of town. You can walk to Navy Pier in 5 minutes. We did that on Saturday. It is quite a ways (about 2.5 miles) from the Museums. We bought a CTA pass that will take you on any train or bus in town. It was $9 a piece for a 2 day pass, but it sure saved on cab fares. The only problem is that the main line (the red line) is about 5 blocks from the hotel. That would not be a big deal unless the weather is bad, which it was on Sunday and Monday. So, if you want a hotel closer to the line, you might look somewhere else. Anyway, we did the Bears game on Sunday...a great way to experience true Chicago. We ate at the typical pizza joints (Gino's East and Giadarnos sp?). The hotel itself is really nice. Getting into it is a little cumbersome. You go into a small lobby on the street level where the bellmen are then take an elevator to the Sky Lobby located on the 6th floor. Then check in. The main lobby is huge and very open with lots of windows. In the main lobby you have the manager's reception at night (mixed drinks, beer, wine, sodas, snacks) and breakfast in the a.m. Breakfast was quite good (omlette station, pancakes, egss, bacon, sausage, hash browns, and assorted pastries and breads). There was a pool and hot tub, but according to my boys (who are like polar bears) the pool was too cold and the hot tub too hot. The rooms are typical Embassy Suite rooms. We booked a corner suite, which was great. We had a view of the lake, which was really nice. My only criticism is the walls are very thin. We could hear our neighbor's radio as well as other entertaining sounds at different points during the night and I am sure they could hear our boys early in the morning. The first night the hotel was packed, but with the Sox playing in the World Series I expected it. So the lines at the happy hour and breakfast were long. The next night and morning were much better. Let me know if you have any questions, but overall a great trip and good hotel.	
Oct 25 2005	Had a great time!	My girlfriends and I stayed at the Emb. Suites Lakefront the weekend of Oct. 21st thru the 23rd. THe hotel is in a great location and it only took a few minutes to walk to Michigan Ave. There were four of us and we enjoyed being able to spread out a little as compared to having just a regular hotel room.The hotel itself is nice and is decorated in a contemporary fashion. The room itself was really basic, but had comfortable bedding.We really enjoyed the complimentary happy hour from 5:30 to 7:30 and took advantage of it! Morning breakfast was also good and we never had to wait in line.There is a restaurant/bar in the same building, PJ Clarks, had a few meals and some drinks there as well.There is a Walgreens and a liquer store a block away---couldn't ask for a better location.Be sure to try Gino's East pizza while you are there---it is awesome! Just wish they wouldn't have moved locations, much more convenient off of Mi. Ave.	
Sep 19 2005	Almost Perfect	There was about 200 woman that checked into the Embassy Lakefront Sept. 16th, 2005. We arrived 1ish. Our rooms were not ready and we were told they would be at 4. No problem, we ate and did some site seeing. We came back around 3:30 and were told not all rooms were ready. We had 4 woman to a room. We turned in names ahead of time (of whos in whos room) and the young girl at the desk had them all wrong. This is really the only complaint we had. The happy hour was just too much fun. We had 11 girls in particular that could have a good time no matter where they stayed. The bartender was so great! I don't remember his name but he had a great time with all those woman. The lines for the free drinks were never bad. They served nachos, warm cheese sauce, pretzels and salsa. The free breakfast in the morning was so good. Of course when you are hung over anything might taste good. I read reviews about there not being enough tables available but this weekend was not the case. The &quot;wild&quot; girls stayed up late on Saturday in the lobby. The one security guard &quot;Bill&quot; was so great. The woman wanted to play cards in the lobby but didn't have any. The security guard went and found some cards and a bucket of ice too for their drinks. There was some kind of &quot;celebrity&quot; staying here this weekend so there were security guards everywhere. This didn't pose a problem for the hotel though. They handle it well. Don't know who the celebrity was but that is partly do to the free drinks between 5:30-7:30. :) This hotel is also in a great location. Not too far from anything. I loved this hotel and would stay here again.	
Sep 9 2005	I Want To Go Back!!!	I spent the last three weeks preparing for my trip to Chicago. I did so much research reading tons of reviews on TripAdvisor and other hotel review sites. I thought perhaps booking this hotel may have been a mistake.Boy was I wrong.We had a group of five guys together for a few concerts during Labor Day Weekend. The room was big enough to accomodate all of us comfortably. The staff was extremely helpful and answered all of our inquiries immediately. Room Service was typically expensive, but the Pizza the hotel serves (Gino's East of Chicago) was better than the renowed pizza at Pizza Due and Pizzeria Uno. One thing I read in the reviews was that the hotel was noisy. I was there on Labor Day weekend and I didn't notice noise being a problem. We were told the rooms were soundproof and in my four nights at the hotel I didn't hear anything when I was in my room. On Saturday and Sunday the hotel seemed fairly booked, but the lines for the happy hour and made to order breakfast were only about five minutes each. On Monday the hotel seemed empty and there were no lines.The pool was small, but as I was the only one using it I found it quite enjoyable. The hot tub and sauna were terrific and clean as well.I highly recommend the restaurant attached to the hotel PJ Clarkes, especially their mini burgers. Also attached to the hotel is an AMC Movie Theater and a Walgreens. Across the street is Fox and Abel an incredible gourmet supermarket, as well as a liquor and convenience store.I slept in a king bed and on a double bed and both were comfortable, with my only qualm being the quality of the bed sheets. I use 300 count at home and these weren't up to those standards.I requested and received an early check-in and late check-out with no problem.A great hotel with an incredible location. I was able to walk or take public transportation to all the major sights and from/to O'Hare.	
Sep 3 2005 	Completely exceeded my expectations	En route to a combined business/pleasure trip to Wisconsin, we decided to fly into Chicago and spend 1 day and evening there. We are a family of four, and most always seek out suite type accommodations - this property had to be one of the best in this category type! Our corner suite had gorgeous views and was very spacious. Definitely book this room type if available. Loved having an extra sink in the bedroom, and the bed linens were very plush and comfortable, the matress was also very good. Usually I feel that we give up the luxury factor of fine hotels in exchange for more room by staying at a suite property, but that was definitely not the case here! The breakfast was better than expected, many choices for both adults and kids. The location was perfect for what we wanted to see-Navy Pier, Water Tower Mall, Miracle Mile shopping. Check in and bell staff were friendly and accommodating, held our luggage on both arrival and departure. The only downside is the parking fee- 58.00 for 1 day and a few hours the following day! Otherwise a great stay, give it a try!	
Aug 28 2005	Nice hotel but chaotic	We have just returned today from a 4 day stay at this hotel. Let me say, it is a very nice hotel with a great location if you want to be near the Navy Pier. It isn't too far a walk to the shopping on Michigan ave.Make sure you request a corner room with a view. They are much more spacious and of course, have a small view of the lake. Our suite was clean and very roomy. No problems with housekeeping. The problems are many, many kids...running wild quite often at breakfast and during thr free happy hour. Be very prepared to wait in line and probably take your breakfast to your room, as there will not be enough seating. And happy hour has lines that make you wait forever for that drink. Make sure you get two {the max at once} so you don't have to wait again right away. One of my biggest complaints and requests...PLEASE change the appetizers once! If I ever see another nacho, if will be fine. And as one other wrote, the hassel for breakfast makes you wonder if it's even worth it.We come to Chicago every year and try different Hilton hotels. Will I pick this one again? Probably not. I have stayed at others in the city that are better and much more peaceful. Just my opinion.	
Aug 19 2005	Friendly Service	We usually seek out Embassy Suites when traveling with the kids because the room layouts are great for us. This ES was not disappointing in that regard. The room was a nice size with a good size bathroom and a convenient extra sink in the bedroom. The linens on the bed were very nice and comfortable. I found the bathroom to be a little run down looking. Also, the suite was dusty. It seemed that housekeeping did the bare minimum, so if there was dust, it made you wonder what other cleaning shortcuts were taken with disinfecting, etc.The free breakfast is honestly not worth the aggrevation. The food is almost not edible and it is so crowded that breakfast leaves you feeling stressed instead of relaxed. Most of the food is cold and I found that they didn't even have a decent tasting cup of coffee.	
Aug 18 2005	Embassy Suites Lakefront great for families	We stayed here in August with our 2 kids and really enjoyed it. We got great service, the concierge was friendly and knowledgeable, the room was very nice and clean. The complimentary breakfast was expansive, with a wide array of options. It's very close to Navy Pier (which was a madhouse, but had a great water taxi to the museums). I'd definitely stay there again, we felt pampered.	
Aug 15 2005	Fantastic Hotel - far exceeded our expectations	I came to Chicago for a family reunion and this hotel was chosen for it's location, affordability and family friendliness. It far exceeded our expectations! First, it's in the heart of beautiful Chicago. We even had great views of the Tribune Tower and the Wrigley Building from our larger than expected room. We were easily able to walk everywhere we wanted to go. It even has a stop for the Chicago Free Trolley right out side the hotel.The lobby was large and allowed people to gather easily without taking over the entire space. The complimentary cooked to order breakfast and the evening reception were fabulous - a huge hit! The planners just thought it would help keep the cost down for families, but it exceeded everyones expectations.I've stayed at other Embassy Suites, but I've never been so impressed. I will definitely stay here again and recommend it to all my friends. You won't be disappointed.	
Aug 11 2005 	Great Location- Very Good Hotel	We stayed at the hotel from August 3-8, 2005. Overall the hotel was very good and very clean. Staff was very friendly and very helpful. We were there with a 10 yar old and there were a lot of kids. I would not stay there if you are looking for a quiet hotel or if you do not like kids.Very well located, close to Navy Pier and Michigan Avenue. Many very good restaurants within walking distance. Museum Campus is 1 bus ride or a short cab ride.Breakfast was very good but very busy on the weekend. While the line moved fast, finding a table was sometimes difficult. Staff helped trying to find tables and putting reserved signs on the table so that you could get your food without losing your table.	
Aug 2 2005 	Port Authority Ambiance	I stay at a lot of Embassy Suites, this one had the ambiance of a busy bus station. It seemed that they were very busy and did not have the housekeeping staff to keep things as orderly and inviting as possible. It was a chock full of visiting families with lots of children running around. Given the lack of acoustical controls in the vast atrium it was a bit like listening to constant traffic. The rooms were small (the interior 'living room' drab, sterile, not entirely clean feeling) for example stains on furniture and carpet. The lighting was very harsh and unattractive. There was considerable noise carry over from the corridor on the atrium side. The bathroom was passable but uninviting. The breakfast was unrelaxing and hurried, the food was ok, but it was not worth lingering over or trying to read a paper and enjoy a cup of coffee. The tables are very close together, and the attempts to mitigate the over crowding mentioned in the other reviews was met with table cloth covered banquet tables throughout the lobby area......temporary and not very attractive. Ok so I am a bit of a diva.....The waits for elevator were crowded and again full of unaccompanied and sometimes rude and unruly kids....I would not stay here again. Now I do have to stay check in desk was staffed by personable employees as was the nice lady monitoring the breakfast. I am assuming the busyness of the hotel during prime tourist/family season attributed to the feeling of chaos and crowding. I imagine the staff tried to do the best they could under the circumstances.	
Jul 14 2005	A disappointment	I have stayed at a number of Embassy Suites and was rather disappointed in this one. When we checked in, there were a number of housekeeping problems with our room. It had, shall we say, not been cleaned thoroughly. In addition, someone had kicked or punched a hole in the bathroom door. When I complained, the desk clerk apologized but did nothing to help. The next day I spoke to the supervisor who was very nice and gave us a $50 credit to help make up for it. If there had not been a number of large conventions in town, I would have checked out.The pool is a joke. It is about 6 feet wide and totally inadequate for anyone except a sole lap swimmer.I have stayed at the other downtown Embasssy Suites in Chicago and it is far and away better. They are close together. Stay at the other one.	
Jun 28 2005	Loooved the Embassy Suites Lakefront!!	We just came home last night from a 3 night stay in Chicago. We LOVED everything about the Embassy Suites Lakefront. GREAT location. 3 blocks away from the Magnificient Mile. 4 blocks from Navy Pier. 4 blocks from Millenium Park.GREAT rooms!! We even got a FREE upgrade to a corner suite!! I highly recommend the corner suites. They are located at the end of a little hallway, so they are VERY QUIET and bigger than the standard suites and, because they are on a corner, there are tons of windows with AWESOME views of the city and the lake.I recommend asking for a room on the 15th floor or above.The suite was VERY CLEAN and everybody in the hotel (bell service, reception, etc) was so nice and helpful.Finally... GREAT BREAKFAST!!! Cooked to order omelettes, lots of great breakfast food (doughnuts, bagels, YUMMY FRENCH TOASTS, fruits, bacon, sausage, cereals, etc, etc.).We loved the Embassy Suite Lakefront in Chicago and we will definitely stay there again.	
Jun 28 2005 	Very good overall	I came for a conference and brought my family, and we had a fabulous time. The hotel is located in a great location, and we found the rooms very spacious. The fridge and microwave came in handy. Check-in was problem-free and we requested and got an early check-in (1:30 or so) and late check-out (12:30) with no hassles at all. The room was very clean on check-in, and staff were friendly and accomodating. We stayed on an upper-level floor which was almost but not quite a corner room, which meant that the door didn't open directly onto the atrium. Maybe that made it quieter, but we didn't have the same noise problems the previous reviewer did even though the hotel was booked solid during our 3-night stay. We had great city views which included the Chicago Tribune building, the Wrigley building, and a little slice of the Sears Tower. Unlike some other reviewers, we had no unmanageable lines for breakfast. We requested the early seating (they have 2) and there were never more than 3 or 4 people in the &quot;cooked to order&quot; line and I never waited more than 5 minutes. They also have self-serve buffet tables that were nice: scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, and lots of choices for cereal, bagels, fruit, danishes, and donuts. Cooked-to-order choices included eggs cooked to your specifications, omelets, pancakes, and a &quot;special&quot; most days (our last day it was a breakfast burrito). The lines for the cocktail hour were longer, depending on how many people they had working the bar. Two of the 3 nights we were there the line moved quickly since they had 2 separate lines for beer/wine and mixed drinks, but the last night it was all one line and there was a long wait.The only reason I gave a 4-star rating as opposed to 5 was that the maid neglected to clean our room the 2nd day we were there. Granted, we were in the room until 11 AM or so and we were back by 3:30, but that still gives lots of time. Since we had plenty of clean towels left from the day before we didn't complain, but we probably should have.Other details: as stated by others, pool was really small but still enjoyed by our son; there is a Walgreens and AMC movie theater right in the same building (but you have to go outside to get to them as far as I could tell); and the gourmet store down the street is called Fox and Obel. The Navy Pier, Millennium Park (great sculpture/fountain which is a blast for kids on a hot summer day!), and Michigan Ave. are all in easy walking distance. Our son loved the glass elevators in the hotel--just like an amusement ride! I would definitely stay in this hotel again.	
Jun 23 2005	BAD service GOOD location	This hotel looks beautiful and location is great BUT the service was absolutely terrible. Our toilet didn't flush for a whole day and no matter how many times we called they didn't either come at all or they came jiggled the handle and said it was fixed. We wasted a whole day of our trip trying to get the toilet fixed. We finally moved rooms and the bellboy was supposed to help us but he never showed up so we had to do it all ourselves. This is also and extremely NOISY hotel. Kids were running around wild screaming and you could hear all of it. You can hear it less in the interior bedrooms, but then you can hear all the traffic and sirens. I know this is a city, I've lived in NYC before so I know how it can sound... but for the price, there was not much peace in this hotel. If you are going to stay here -- and I may again simply because I'm not sure you can do better for the location and amenities (fridge and microwave) try to get high up on the west side of of hotel (numbers up to 13 or less (such as room 1413 or 1711). There is a fabulous gourmet store and cafe for buying prepared meals and other stuff on Illinois St. It's not the marketplace but the one just past it toward the pier on the same side of the street. I can't remember the name of it but its &quot;fox and ....&quot; Make sure you take advantage of the free trolley to the pier and other places up and down Michigan Ave.	
Jun 13 2005	Great Location	Great Location - We stayed here from June 9th (Thurs) thru June 12th (Sun) for the Red Sox v. Cubs series. The hotel sits just a few blocks from Navy Pier in one direction &amp; a few blocks from Michigan Ave. in the other &amp; in a safe neighborhood that'll allow you the security to walk around to these different areas. The free drinks at the Manager's Reception every evening were a great way to start the night before heading out. We never found the lines to long and if you tip the bartender (was amazed by how many people don't tip!) you'll get the two drinks per trip to the bar that others here have posted that they didn't receive. The breakfast lines however were far to long (70+ people deep at it's peak) but we found a great diner just two blocks away. Also, PJ Clarks in the same building as the hotel, just below it, offers great food for lunch &amp; dinner &amp; a full bar.The hotel pool is good for children, not for the serious, adult swimmer (to small/crowded). If available, I suggest paying the extra $ for a corner room. I found them to be a bit larger and VERY quiet! The room itself was very clean, large (we had 3 sinks, 2 TVs, mini-fridge &amp; microwave) and the staff was all very polite and professional. All furniture, bedding &amp; upholsteries were in good repair. Rooms on the upper floors offer great views of down town and/or the lake.While you may not need a cab during your visit here (again, great location), if you do they're more than plentiful just in front of the hotel. Tip 1: There's a Walgreens on the same block as the hotel which allows the option of purchasing items to stock your mini-fridge with vs. paying $$ for over-priced hotel refreshments. Tip 2: As a previous reviewer has mentioned, cabs from Midway to hotel run about $40. We took the train from Midway to the stop at Clark's (approx. 25 minutes) then hailed a cab to the hotel for a total cost of $10. Over all a pleasant stay &amp; will stay here again if visiting Chicago.	
Jun 4 2005	Slightly above average	My travel mate and I (mid 30's males) stayed here while in town for the USA v England soccer game. We paid $259 for a corner suite on the 9th floor, which was supposed to be one of their larger suites. We found that it was average size for a room at Embassy Suites. However, it was extremely clean and quiet.The front desk staff and concierge were quite friendly and did all they could to make our stay as comfortable as possible. We were permitted an early check in at 11:30 AM.The hotel was completely sold out the night we stayed (5/28). This made for quite a large crowd at the Manager's Reception, so the line for drinks was outrageous. Some people have complained about the bartenders only serving 1 drink at a time. My advice; try tipping them! After all, the drinks are free, so what's a couple of bucks for each round? We were allowed to order as many drinks as we wanted, but we were only permitted to carry 2 at a time from the bar.After a long night of drinking, we were a bit late getting down to breakfast (approx. 10:15) the next morning. This is no joke. The line to be seated was over 75 yards long! It stretched the entire length of the atrium and bent around all the way to the gift shop. Needless to say, we skipped the free breakfast and just went to a coffee shop for bagels.The only thing truly negative that I can say about this property is the lack of transportation from OHare. Unfortunately, there is no shuttle. A cab ride from the airport is $40.I would give it 3.5 points, because it is slightly above average with all things considered.	
May 27 2005	Awesome	I stayed here with four other friends for one night - the room was very large and the free drinks from 5-7 pm were great.	
May 11 2005 	Great stay mystified by previous review	I stayed here for 4 days during the first week in May 2005 and had nothing but a positive experience. The room and hotel were clean (every day), quiet, and comfortable. I spent a lot of time reviewing available hotels and chose this one for its location and amenities. Sure, this is not a boutique hotel that pretends to be trendy, but it is part of a large chain which means they know how to do things right without being rude or snobby. I was up early each morning and did not experience the long lines at the breakfast that others had mentioned. Nor did I see a ton of kids all over the place. As a matter of fact, I could count on one hand the number of children I saw during my stay. The Manager's Reception in the evening was busy early but quickly cleared out and allowed for short lines. The swimming pool is indeed smaller than it looks on the web site, but I had no intentions of using it anyway. One thing I liked is that there are enough elevators, and they are fast too. It was sort of a pain not being able to get to street level in the main elevators, though.Other tips:1) There are always taxis at the valet drop off for use.2) The Thai restaurant around the corner is excellant.3) Free trolley to the Navy Pier (although it seemed rather deserted, maybe things pick up in the summer).4) Arrive for breakfast before 8am and the Manager's Reception after 6:45pm.5) Just use the self parking (which is a different driveway than the valet). I ended up in the valet drive and never saw my car again until I checked out. It was easy to walk everywhere from this location.Again, I had a great stay and will definitely look at staying there again next time I make it to Chicago.	
May 9 2005	Great for the price we paid!	Upon checking in and telling the desk clerk it was our first visit to Chicago and requesting a high room with a view, he put us on the top (17th) floor with a stunning downtown view!!Our room was large, clean, all the amentities we could ask for. There was compimentary cocktails in the lobby until 7pm and a nice complimentary buffet.There was an issue with the toilet flushing handle but it was fixed in a matter of a half-hour.The best part.... $60 on Priceline! Parking was $36 for 24 hrs.. ouch!Overall, 5 stars for what we paid!	
May 4 2005 	Never again.	For $300 a night you'd think you'd get something more then this. It's a shame to call these cramped rooms a 'suite'. They should've utilized more of the lobby space on their rooms. Housekeeping service was shoddy - during my week stay only once was my room cleaned without me calling the front desk.However, the happy hour and breakfast were great. But these two things aren't at the top of my priority list when returning to a hotel. I'm surprised this hotel is ranked so highly.	
Apr 27 2005	Perfect Chicago stay!	We loved this hotel!!!! Great location first of all. A few blocks walk to Michigan Avenue and a few blocks the other way to Navy Pier. There is a huge movie theatre right next door as well as a Walgreens drug store. The airline lost a piece of our luggage and the front desk staff could not have been more helpful and pleasant about faxing documents to the airline. Even though we were traveling with our 3 kids I didn't see an abundance of kids in the hotel at all. Cocktail hour was great. Breakfast was great - if you want high fiber cereal bring your own though, but that's just me! At $220 a night it was well worth it. A fabulous dinner tip is to go to Lawry's (like the seasoned salt) Get a coupon from the concierge that is for a complete - including a full bottle of wine - dinner there for 2 for $89. It was the best meal of the trip. We would highly recommend this hotel to anyone kids or not!	
Apr 14 2005 	Room never cleaned after three phone calls	The hotel looks great but the service was terrible. I came back from day at the Housewares Show to find the room had not been cleaned or bed made. I called housekeeping and the front desk three times over five hours and no one bothered to come. Finally about nine pm the front desk called to check on the clean staff who had still not arrived. At that point I simply asked to have some clean towels and left alone so I could go to bed. The towels and new coffee mugs took another forty five minutes to arrive.	
Apr 11 2005 	A Family Hotel Not a Business Hotel	Everything is great about the Embassy Suites in downtown Chicago--convenient location, helpful staff, big clean rooms, and a spacious lobby. Unfortunately I seemed to be the only guest at the hotel that was on business. It must have been spring break because the hotel was bursting at the seam with young children running in the halls, hopping on and off the elevators without parents, and lounging in the chairs in the lobby. None were disrespectful, just boundless with energy. The morning buffet usually required a wait of 30+ minutes from 8:00 a.m on and is not conducive to conducting business. After the first morning I took business associates up to the Sheraton for a quiet breakfast. An evening drink at the manager's reception also meant standing in line--and each person has to get their own drink. Off to the Irish bar on the riverfront for me.I will only stay at this hotel if I bring my family with me.	
Apr 2 2005	A Good Hotel.......	Though we spent only one night at the hotel, we found it to be comfortable and perfectly suited to our needs. Our 2 sons enjoyed the indoor pool, which is rather small.....but what can be expected of an indoor hotel pool in the city! We enjoyed the jacuzzi as well...very nice after a long day of running around and seeing the Chicago sights. The complimentary breakfast was excellent, got right in and got a table with no problem. We were expecting long lines and a shortage of tables per a few other reviews, but we had no problem. All in all, a comfortable hotel. The double beds were a bit on the small side...but no big deal. The hotel was clean and quiet, an excellent choice for our family of four. A good choice...we would definately stay there again. Oh...and don't forget &quot;Ed Debevics&quot; just right down the street, a great hamburger and milk shake joint.....great for families!!!	
Mar 28 2005	great for kids	We stayed at the Embassy Suites Lakefront with our daughter. We had a wonderful time. The staff was nice and informative. The included breakfast was great, a nice way to start the day. Plus, we enjoyed that we were given two seating times for the breakfast. A good location to get most places. We could walk to Navy Pier or Michgan Ave. in a matter of minutes. Our only disappointment was that the indoor pool was cool. We were there mid- March and would have been nice if the pool were a tad warmer. I have alread recommened this hotel to other people.	
Jan 18 2005	Great Location Nice Hotel	Just returned from a weekend stay at Embassy Suites / Lakefront. Based on other reviews, I was expecting it to be &quot;OK&quot; but was pleasantly surprised. The hotel itself is very close to Michigan Ave (2 blocks) and Lake Michigan (Navy Pier area - about 3-4 blocks - easy walk) and it's easy to grab public transportation to get where you need to go. We parked the car Friday night and didn't touch it again until Sunday when we left. (Note: As is probably the case w/ most downtown hotels, parking is *expensive* -- $64 for two days.)The rooms are spacious and comfortable. We had the 2DblBed suite and it was fine for us (couple w/ two kids). My only complaint with the room was that our fridge did not work. I didn't bother calling maintenance, though, because we really didn't have anything that required refrigeration anyway. (One other minor complaint: the concierge was not helpful at all....she basically points people to the rack of brochures.)Based on some past reviews, I was expecting the breakfast to be chaotic but it wasn't -- it was great!! Good food and lots of variety, including fresh fruit. We're early risers, though, so we were at breakfast by 7:30am.....I noticed it WAS quite crowded later in the morning. The evening reception (complimentary drinks) was definitely overcrowded -- SRO and looong lines at the bar -- so we didn't bother with that at all.Overall we were very pleased. On the way home, my kids starting planning our next trip to Chicago. We'll definitely pick the Embassy Suites again.	
Jan 18 2005	Lots of space	I really like Embassy Suites because they offer so much more space than the average hotel room and breakfast is included. This makes it great for families. In this particular case, we were six female family members traveling for a girls' weekend away in June 2004. Having a living area to congregate is a nice feature.The location was good -- a short walk to the Navy Pier in one direction and the Magnificent Mile in the other. We booked two rooms at a great corporate rate ($165/night). Because they have 2 double beds (or a king) and a pull-out sofa bed, we were each able to have a bed of our own. Having a separate living room also meant that the snorer in our group could sleep without fearing that she was keeping everyone awake. :)Our rooms were okay, but could have used a makeover. We had to ask for more towels as there were only two in the room. The bathroom was adequate and the rooms were smaller than other Embassy Suites that I've visited. As others have posted, the pool is small and inadequate for the number of guests. I used the workout room twice, and it was also small but I had no trouble getting on the treadmill at 7am. The breakfast buffet got very crowded after 8am but the line moved quickly. I'd definitely recommend arriving early if you want a table. We didn't take advantage of the evening manager's reception. If you're looking for charm and elegance, this is not the place. Embassy Suites definitely have an &quot;urban&quot; feel to them because of their contempary, open air design. The rooms are situated along the outer walls of the hotel and face a huge, open-air atrium. If you're afraid of heights, or if you're traveling with kids who are climbers, this may not be the place for you. A watch-out: Parking is expensive. It's $20/night for self-park and $34 for valet parking. Before you decide that it's worth the extra $14 to avoid having to haul your luggage to your room, be advised that if you use valet parking once, they will charge you that rate for each day your car is parked. It doesn't matter whether or not you ever use valet again. So what we thought was an extra $14 turned out to be an extra $56 because we were there for 4 nights.	
Jan 9 2005	Holiday stay at the Embassy	We spent two nights at the Embassy with our family between Christmas and New Years. The hotel was full of families, but we were not bothered by noise and really enjoyed our stay. We got caught in a huge line for breakfast the first day, but the staff seemed to be doing as much as possible to help move things along (everyone seemed to arrive for breakfast all at once). By the second day they had made some adjustments to the set up of breakfast service which helped speed things along even more. The pool is very nice for a downtown hotel, lots of natural light and a nice hot tub / sauna. Great location- convenient to Michigan Avenue and Navy Pier. Take advantage of the free trolleys downtown- great way to see it all!	
Jan 2 2005	Only if you have children	Stayed here 2 consecutive nights in December 2004. Attractive hotel in a nice location, however I would not stay here again, as I do not have young children. The hotel was full of kids. I heard them running and yelling in the halls and in the elevator, as well as crying and screaming at breakfast. Not relaxing!Oddly, the other problem I encountered was the pervasive odor of cigarette smoke throughtout the lobby, breakfast area, bar, etc. An odd combo with so many children, but indeed, we saw plenty of smokers puffing away admist the screaming tots. The room seemed in good repair. One bulb in a lamp was burnt out and I called housekeeping. They sent someone up quickly with a bulb. However, the fellow just handed it to me, and did not even ask if he could replace it. I had to unplug the lamp, take it off a table and fool around with it to replace the bulb. This should have been the task of a hotel employee.Parking is very costly, and we ended up using a cab most of the time anyhow. If no one in your travling party is under 18, then I would suggest you book elsewhere.	
Nov 25 2004	Great Free Breakfast 		
Sep 1 2004	Exactly what we needed		
Aug 24 2004	Are you kidding? This place is super-fabulous-great-terrific		
Aug 2 2004 	Never again...don't leave your luggage...		
Feb 26 2004	Great Chicago Embassy Suites!		
Jan 14 2004	Excellent hotel with modern feel...		
Jan 1 2004	Good Hotel Great Location.		
Dec 25 2003	Loved the Embassey Suite downtown lakefront		
Nov 3 2003	I would stay elsewhere		
Aug 23 2003	Nice hotel		
Oct 31 2009 	Unvergesslicher Blick beim einschlafen und aufwachen		
Mar 21 2009 	Buena ubicacin suite espaciosa mal desayuno.		
Jan 16 2009 	???????		
Jul 8 2008 	Muy buen hotel y fabulosa ciudad		
