	Great Hotel Good Location Great Value	I took my girlfriend to Chicago as a surprise anniversary present the weekend before Thanksgiving. I am unfamiliar with Chicago, but knew I wanted to stay near the museum and Millenium Park. On a value travel website, I found a rate for Hotel Blake less than half their advertised rate and I was sold. Reviews said it was 3-4 stars, but I really wasn't sure what to expect.When we showed up, I was pleasantly surprised. It's in a good neighborhood, and only a few minutes walk from Michigan avenue. We checked in very late, but the desk staff was courteous and helpful, though we did have to unpack and carry our bags ourselves. Valet-parking was available from the hotel, but half price parking is available literally just down the street from the hotel. When we made it to our room on the 9th floor, I was amazed at the room. Large room, magnificent bed, good decorations, huge bathroom. There was no train or traffic noise on the 9th story, and we both got excellent sleep on the comfortable mattress. Free wifi, excellent soap, shampoo, body wash, etc... even a sewing kit. The room definitely deserved four stars, my only minor quibble was a little mold in the shower stall of an otherwise impeccable bathroom. We never really tried the TV, but the room clock connected to my ipod, which I thought was neat.The free breakfast was great and unexpected, but I recommend getting there early as they ran out of donuts and danishes well before the posted closing time. Service was uniformly cordial and helpful, recommending good restaurants and nearby attractions. (awesome, but get there early). The pictures of Chicago posted on the Hotel Blake website were not representative of the actual view from the hotel, but google maps let me know what to expect in the vicinity. Overall, I heartily recommend the Hotel Blake and will probably stay there again if I can get the same rate.	
Nov 23 2009 	This hotel is a hidden gem.	When this hotel was booked for me I was somewhat skeptical as the price seemed to indicate a sub standard hotel but I thought it would be fine for one night. Boy was I surprised; this is a charming hotel with big rooms, very nicely designed and well appointed. My room had a spa like shower, a very good desk space to work at and free internet service. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable and helpful. Next door is a great restaurant the Custom House which I would recommend even if you were not staying at the hotel, so the fact that is right next door is a real bonus. This hotel will be on the top of my Chicago list of places to stay.	
Nov 20 2009 	Great escape	I booked Hotel Blake for my recent visit to Chicago for a conference/vacation. The hotel was in a convenient location for the conference and super dining options (especially Tamarind). The hotel was superbly styled...fun and contemporary, rooms were very comfortable. Breakfast was simple but a wonderful start to the day. Staff was very pleasant and very helpful. Normally, I haven't traveled to Chicago much but having stayed at Hotel Blake I may make more impromtu trips to Chicago knowing I'll have a comfortable, fun place to stay.	
Nov 19 2009 	Never Disappoints	I stay at the Hotel Blake regularly for business, and it never disappoints. Clean, stylish, large rooms, nice bar, and attentive staff. My only complaint is the inconvenient ice machine location.	
Nov 14 2009 	Absolutly Beautifull	We needed a Hotel 11/9/09 close to our buisness location, The Hotel Blake fit the bill perfectly. We could not have been more pleased. The entire staff was Very courtious, helpfull and pleasant.The price of our stay was surprisingly reasonable, and included parking. We enjoyed cocktails in the Custom House Resturant while enjoying the Chicago nightlife, followed by a complimentry continental breakfast the following morning. Thankyou! the Ericksons	
Nov 13 2009 	Lots of bathroom space for girls weekend	I took an annual trip to meet a group of girlfriends in Chicago and we were happy to stay at the Hotel Blake. It's easy to get to by taxi, train, or walking around the loop. The room had modern furnishings, two very comfortable queen beds, and a large bathroom with two sinks and enough counter-space for all of our toiletries. The shower was a big walk-in shower with rain shower head. Our stay was very pleasant. The complimentary breakfast was sufficient for a free breakfast downtown, but on one of the mornings we got there just at the end of the session and everything was already cleaned up and gone. Internet was free with a code. Only small drawbacks of the room were no minifridge for refreshments, we had to walk up some stairs to get to our room, and one morning we didn't have enough towels. When we called the front desk we were informed that housekeeping wasn't there yet and that they did not have any towels.	
Nov 11 2009 	We were very pleased with the location services cleanliness and overall value for the money.	The the moment we stepped into this beautiful historical hotel we were greeted by the doorman who was very helpful in assisting us. As we both wanted to stay in a historial hotel with history, we were surprised at how exceptionally clean and modern the hotel facilities were. Our room was very spacious with beautiful and comfortable bedding.We were assigned a room looking out over the streets of the city as I had requested upon booking. Overall, we were pleased with how close in proximity the hotel is located to the financial district, the museums and shopping areas. We will no doubt return to this hotel.	
Nov 4 2009 	Affordable and Friendly	My wife and I stayed at Hotel Blake, having never been there before but seeing it listed on the internet. We were unsure because it cost less than some of the other hotels, and we did not want to show up and be dissapointed. We were not. We were greeted by a friendly staff that made us feel right at home. The rooms were spacious and very clean. I especially liked the oversize shower head in the beautiful marble shower! The complimentary breakfast was good, but we felt it could have used some additional items. All in all very good stay.	
Oct 31 2009 	great place to stay to see the sights	The Hotel Blake was perfect for our trip to Chicago to see the museums and enjoy the food. I wouldn't mind having my own house look like their rooms - I really enjoy staying in a place that doesn't have that generic hotel look. The location is walking distance to a lot of attractions and close to subway/El and bus stops for everything else. The Custom House downstairs has fabulous dinners. Wireless is included. However, the continental breakfast is very basic (muffins, bagels, coffee, tea) - go the Bongo Room at Roosevelt and Wabash. Our room had a view of the warehouse next door and the tops of a few buildings, but we were only there early in the morning and late at night - we were mostly out enjoying Chicago.	
Oct 27 2009 	Wonderful hotel in great downtown location!	My boyfriend and I stayed 2 nights at the Hotel Blake in October 2009. We wanted something that was clean, up-to-date, and in a great location in downtown Chicago. Hotel Blake was perfect for our needs. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. The room was a good size, nice flat-screen TV, wonderful bathroom with one of those wide shower heads which was awesome. Bed was very comfortable and the decor was up-to-date. We had the continental breakfast one morning (it was included which was nice) and had great coffee and bagels (there were other food offerings but that's all we had). The hotel is VERY easily accessible to the Blue Line, which takes you straight to O'Hare Airport. It was about 45 minutes on the train to and from the airport and the train stop is about a block from the hotel. If you're debating about cab from O'Hare to hotel (not sure the distant to Midway), definitely skip it-- the train is something like $2.50 per person for one way on a 45 min train whereas a cab is about 30 min and $45. We didn't get to try the Custom House, which is the restaurant in the hotel, but everywhere we went when people asked us where we were staying, everyone would say &quot;oh their restaurant is great!&quot; We walked to downtown and Navy Pier-- probably about a mile-- if you're in Chicago to see the city, it's definitely worth walking to see everything. If you're on the lazy side, you may want to take a cab, but it's really cheap.There is free wireless in the hotel, but if you didn't bring a computer, there is also free access to a computer and printer on the first floor. Staff at the front desk are very helpful in recommending local restaurants and bars, and giving directions. Stay at the Hotel Blake-- great deal and a hidden gem!	
Oct 22 2009 	Nice downtown Chicago hotel	Stayed two nights - got the &quot;Autumn Discount&quot; from the web site so the rates were quite reasonable for the area &amp; quality. Staff was friendly, room was nice. Enjoyed staying in a smaller hotel in a historic building. Easy walk to the Field Museum/Art Institute.	
Oct 20 2009 	Good hotel not the greatest	Pros...Bedding and pillows were absolutely amazing. Very comfortable. Evening doorman was very personable. Within walking distance of many low-midpriced restaurants. Short cab ride elsewhere in the south east loop area.Cons...Some mold in the shower. Air conditioning/heating vent was abnormally loud. (sounds like a regular bathroom exhaust fan, which there actually isn't one in the hotel room's bathroom) Our room came with a back alley view and the garbage trucks were very noisy starting at about 5am. Room could use more lighting and closet or drawer space.Overall, this is a nice looking and comfortable hotel, but maybe not worth the $280+ per night rate. I would recommend if paying closer to $150 p/n.	
Oct 16 2009 	Good find in downtown.	I felt the Blake was an excelent hotel based on the price and the location. The hotel was quite affordable based on other hotels in the area. The modern decor in the lobby and rooms was pleasant. It is convenently located near the heart of downtown. Most of all, the staff was wonderful!	
Oct 9 2009 	Best Place I have ever stayed in Chicago	After speaking to their rep.and getting their very best price incl.auto.........we were pleasantly surprised at the friendliness and cleanliness of the hotel. Rec'd 2 free drinks and all of the staff was exceptional from the front desk,maids and doorman and waitstaff. Will stay there again in a heartbeat..........	
Oct 9 2009 	Convenient and Quiet--and Affordable!	My fiance and I stayed here on our first trip to Chicago. We felt safe walking from here around the Loop area, and enjoyed how convenient it was to several train lines when we wanted to get out and explore Chicago's neighborhoods. The staff was very friendly, especially the man who served breakfast, and recommended fun restaurants. Breakfast is very basic but enough to start the day. The bathrooms are huge!	
Oct 8 2009 	Chicago's hospitality leaves something to be desired.	We were excited about the location, in the center of Chicago, not too far from the Shedd Aquarium and Field Museum. We were also excited by the price, as this wasn't expensive for Chicago and supposedly included breakfast. And being an old printing factory, there was a bit of history too. The location, the rooms, all lived up to expectations – and it was entirely walkable to our destinations of choice.However, the service was really something to be desired. Staff were curt, brusque and did not offer helpful details. We explained we had an early start the day we were leaving (5 minutes after breakfast was supposed to be served) - yet it was more like too bad, your loss that you won't be able to participate in our included breakfast service. We hovered over the breakfast staff, and not even a banana was put out for our early departure, which was 5 minutes after their supposed start time. When we called to request our car brought by the valet at a specific time, it was also brought 20 minutes early, and they got upset we didn't take it as soon as it was there -- we weren't ready to leave yet. I'd have to say if you are price conscious, you should consider staying here – it was a good location and the rooms were clean and quiet. But don’t get your expectations up that folks will be friendly or helpful. In another town we stayed in nearby, we actually got thanked for traveling during the recession and spending our dollars there – which drew the comparison to the service at the Hotel Blake even more firmly.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel - great staff - pricy parking	Enjoyed my stay. The staff was very helpful and attentive. Room was well appointed. There was a bit of street noise as I was evidently there on &quot;garbage pickup&quot; morning. Otherwise a great hotel and location. In the printer's row area, near the old stock exchange. Close to quite a bit and right on a bus line. The only negative I have is that the overnight parking rate seemed high even for Chicago. It didn't help that there's a surface parking lot right across the street, but didn't appear to have anyone tending it. I'd enjoy hearing if there's anyone who's tried the lot or if there's an attended lot nearby someone has used?There's a Hackney's (local Chicago favorite American food restaurant) within walking distance as well as a Potbelly sandwich place right next door. There's also a 24 hour convenience store that's well stocked (7-11) right around the corner.	
Oct 3 2009 	Very Pleasant Stay at Hotel Blake	I was very impressed by the comfort of the rooms and the courtesy of the staff at the hotel Blake in Chicago. The beds in the room were exceptionally comfortable, and the amenities of the complimentary cocktails and continental breakfast were a definite plus. The continental breakfast was unusually high quality. Most important, the value for the price was exceptional in a major city. Hats off!	
Oct 2 2009 	Comfortable modern and a great location.	The Blake is in downtown chicago and a short walk to the Lakefront and an even shorter walk to a lot of really nice restaurants. Very comfortable room and excellent service. I'd stay there again, for sure.	
Sep 19 2009 	affordable comfortable stay in downtown Chicago	I was in Chicago for a five-day conference and stayed at the Hotel Blake. My SO came with me and we did some sightseeing as well. The room was extremely spacious, as was the bathroom, and there was a good-sized desk, a couch, and free Internet access. The hotel also served a light continental breakfast. The staff was friendly and helpful. I liked the decor. I did book my reservation using an online vendor, which was a significant discount over the rack rate. I found this hotel superior to others I have stayed in downtown Chicago. It is only two blocks from the subway.	
Sep 19 2009 	Mostly a very positive exerience.	Stayed at the Blake with my wife while I was in town for business. It was a &quot;mostly&quot; very positive experience. The desk staff and the night door attendant were extremely helpful and polite. The room was slightly small. However, all the furnishings were up to date. The only negative was the day/morning door attendant got a little snippy with my wife when we asked him if he would store our bags for a few hours. Besides that, it was mostly a positive experience. You will not be disappointed if you stay at the Blake.	
Sep 15 2009 	Friendly and helpful staff - Clean and Comfortable Room.	Selected because of its central and convenient location, I was pleasantly surprised by the comfort of the room and the friendliness of the staff. Truly one of the best bargains in Downtown Chicago. Will be booking at least two return trips soon.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great value	The Hotel Blake was a lovely hotel with very spacious standard rooms and huge, beautiful bathrooms. The location on Printers Row was extremely handy and it was an easy walk to shopping, theater, and Grant Park. The front desk was very friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay again.The one small problem was a small amount of mold in the spacious shower.	
Sep 9 2009 	Very Acceptable Hotel	We were very pleased with our stay here. The staff was very friendly and extremely helpful with selecting a dining location. We checked our bags early in the day and obtained a late check-out the following day (2:00 p.m.) I had reserved one king bed but requested an upgrade on check-in and got it. Room was very spacious and very clean with very comfortable beds. There are in-room safes. Best of all, was the shower. The shower is huge with a half-door and amazingly the water stays contained within the shower. Only negative was to access our room after getting off the elevator, we have to go down 4-5 steps to access our room. Our luggage was heavy so it was a bit of a nuisance with the luggage.	
Sep 4 2009 	Pretty bad.	Stayed at the hotel as my refrigerator was leaking dangerous gas. Am pregnant so decided to stay at a somewhat decent hotel. This was the only reasonably priced one I could get last minute. Come to find out there was no mini frig., the computer access was unreliable (also am a student and had a paper due), the business office has 1 computer so expect to use it briefly, showed up for breakfast only to be rudely told to come back. Breakfast is avail. at 7am and I showed up at 7:05am. The worst of it was I left a message for the manager to call me. He never did. I called him a few days later. He tried to get off the phone saying he would call me back but I have yet to hear from him. Oh, I forgot, I was offered drink tickets at nearby restaurant in exchange for the problems. Did I mention I am pregnant? One good thing it their doorman. Probably the best I have ever met.	
Aug 27 2009 	excellent location friendky staff	Just back from 3 days in Chicago. We found the hotel blake in our lonely planet guide book. Excellent location, nice big room and friendly staff.Unfortunately the wi-fi connection was not working properly and breakfast was below our expectations, but on the whole it was a good choice	
Aug 26 2009 	Will always choose Hotel Blake!	We love Chicago and we love Hotel Blake. We have stayed there every summer for the past 5 years. We usually stay for at least 4-6 days.The hotel is in a good location and one can take a short bus ride to get to the Field Museum or just walk a couple of blocks to get to Michigan Avenue to do touristy stuff.The rooms are large, well decorated and extremely clean. We got an upgrade to a premium room but would have loved a suite (we are loyal patrons!)The staff is friendly and very helpful. They gave us good tips on good restaurants nearby.We will always come back to Hotel Blake because we have a wonderful stay there. See you next summer. This hotel deserves a higher star rating!!	
Aug 21 2009 	The Blake Hotel has the best of everything for a great stayanytime.	Just returned to Wisconsin from a Wonderful 2 day stay at the Hotel Blake in Chicago.My wife found the Hotel on the internet. We needed a Hotel that would be close to all the sights we wanted to see. Entering the Hotel we found the Consierge to be very friendly and funny. The front desk clerks were also friendly and attentive to our needs and questions.Entering our room I was very pleased by both the size and cleanliness. Our room facedDearborn with no noticable noise issues. Very quiet. With that said, my next trip to Chicagowill include my wife and I staying at the Hotel Blake.	
Aug 20 2009 	The Blake is an exceptional hotel	My wife, four year old son, and I stayed at the Blake for two nights. The hotel is very nice, contemporary, and hip. Our view from the suite was great, with the Sears Tower a block away. The free continental breakfast is very nice and with a variety of choices. All the employees were friendly and knew areas of Chicago quite well. Our room was very clean and decorated to our liking and style which made us feel right at home. We will be going back again in the future and would recommend the Hotel Blake to anyone visiting Chicago.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great Leisure Get Away	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Blake for our first overnight trip to Chicago. We mainly chose it because of the price and that the purpose of our trip was to explore the city. Didn't use the valet service since we took the train in from Indiana and we were pleased to discover the hotel was about a 5 minute walk from the train station. Greg the door man was very helpful, we were checked in promptly and our room was immaculate. Loved the Gilchrist and Soames toiletries and the shower! Bed was super comfy and the room was spacious. And while there is not an abundance of shops and restaurants in the immediate area, they are not far away. We ate dinner at Hackney's Irish Pub (a recommendation from Greg) which had authentic pub grub and I've only had better fish &amp; chips in England. Greg also suggested a great jazz club on Clark St. called Close Up 2, so we changed for the evening, drank cocktails in the Custom House restaurant and set off for a great night of live music. So, in my opinion, if you're just going for a get away and don't mind getting a little fresh air (everything we wanted to do was less than two miles away including shopping and navy pier attractions) or taking a very inexpensive cab ride to your destination I recommend Hotel Blake. Prices are excellent, great service, quaint neighborhood, and yummy drinks and food.	
Aug 13 2009 	Hotel Blake - A Gem	This was our first trip to Chicago. The Hotel Blake was recommended to us by friends. The rate was excellent and the location was central (walking distance to Art Institute and Millenium Park plus more). It was also very easy to access from the Interstate, The room was beautifully appointed and very large, with all the necessary amenities. The staff were all courteous, friendly and very helpful. The hotel was very quiet, which is a necessity for us.The only two drawbacks were as follows: 1) the shower in the bathroom had only a &quot;half door&quot;, i.e., there was no way to close it and as a result, there was quite a bit of water on the floor after each shower, no matter how careful we were. 2) the continental breakfast was excellent, BUT there was very limited seating in the area in which the breakfast was served. It seemed a better idea to carry the breakfast to our room as there was no place to sit.These are minor complaints. In general, we enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Blake immensely! Thank you.	
Aug 11 2009 	Lousy child had to sleep on floor	I would not recommend this hotel to anyone, it did not meet the star quality rating.Pre paid for 2 rooms, asked that they be adjacent,or in close proximity with one rollaway for our child. No problem the front desk said around 2pm per phone conversation.When we arrived we were told no roll away, they were given out to those that had already checked in and paid. We pre paid, I said to the desk clerk, and even called ahead. You pre paid with Priceline he said in a demeaning manor.( As if I financially raped the hotel by paying 140 per room per night). My son slept on the floor, they did offer a suite after a visible complaint at the front desk by by husband , but not on the same floor as my mother and small children, forget it we said.We left our mother and 2 small children in the room the next morning to do an am dive at the harbor. We found out there is no morning room service, they went without breakfast. At appproximately 0615 we left the hotel to travel a short distance to the harbour to dive. We were met by road blocks every block. It took us 65 minutes to get to the harbour and then the dive charter had to drive his boat to meet us as there was a marathon going on. Do ya think the front desk could have given us a heads up as to the coming event the next morning, when we checked in? The staff at the Blake could careless about their guests.	
Aug 3 2009 	Definitely value for money	This was my second stay at Hotel Blake and it's definitely recommended. The location in Printers Row has its own points of interest – eg some good little local restaurants, Millennium Park and the Art Institute are within walking distance. And local transport is very close if you want to go to N Michigan or other areas over the river.The hotel staff are very friendly, welcoming and helpful. The room is comfortable, and it's great to have something different to the usual bland hotel decor.All up, The Blake is a good quality hotel at a reasonable price.	
Aug 1 2009 	Outstanding...The best place in Chicago	Hotel Blake is awesome. The service in phenomenal. The rooms are HUGE. The exercise facilities are outstanding. The Custom House resturant is wonderful. I can go on and on...I cannot say enough good things about Hotel Blake. I am planning to stay here for all of my Chicago trips from now on.	
Jul 30 2009	Luxurious surroundings excellent service comfy beds 	I found Hotel Blake through hotels.com, &amp; what a great find. The room was spacious, had a great view of the city, and the beds were wonderful. Hotel staff were extremely friendly &amp; gracious, always eager to meet our needs. The location was very convenient to get to museums &amp; other sites around the city using public transportation. We only used a taxi once, so that was another big savings. The rates were very reasonable, yet the hotel has the feel of something much more expensive. We would definitely stay here again!	
Jul 21 2009 	Modest hotel good location	Might be a historic hotel but it shows its age. Rooms and even public areas badly need renovation. Location is great for walking that Magnificient Mile and surrounding area but that's about it. Got it at a great price on Priceline &quot;name your own price&quot; as a 4 star deluxe hotel. Would rate it as 3 star at most. Happy with stay and room for thae price but definitely not if I had to pay retail.	
Jul 21 2009 	Loved it!!	My husband I and stayed at this wonderful hotel June 3-6. We love it here. The hotel is super nice and the staff were really friendly. I liked the area, we were close to everything. They actually had a book fair outside the day we were leaving. I was really nervous about the area because I had never stayed in downtown Chicago and have only been there one other time. But it worked out great for us. We went site seeing and went to see some of our family in the suburbs too. We were close to transportation. I think that took us all of 5 min to get there. We ate at Potbelly's next door and that was very very yummy. Perfect for a quick lunch and back out sight seeing. I would definatley stay here again. The only think that really bothered me was the vent looked like it needed to be replaced. I thought it was grimy but ended up being paint. Considering how old the hotel is,it is very nicely updated and decorated. We had a great view and were up to the street and barely heard anything. Now if you slept in until 10 or 11 maybe but I was up and out of the hotel by 8 and seriously the noise was not a issue. My favorite thing about this hotel was the bathrooms, they are killer!! OH, just be careful about the floor were you go get ice. My husband went up there and said it is quite scary especially at 11pm. I can't wait to go back I give this hotel a A+!!	
Jul 17 2009 	New to the City	My daughter and I traveled to the City to register her for college. She will be attending Columbia College in the fall. We had no idea where to stay,eat or how tour the city. The hotel was perfect in every way for our stay. Close walking access to the college,free breakfast every morning, across the street from the Lakefront (I love to run so I could easily get to the lake path), very friendly staff. We did not know what to do in the evening the staff knew where to send us and how to get around. The Hotel is extremely clean and beautifully decorated. This will be my hotel of choice each time I visit my daughter at Columbia.	
Jul 17 2009 	Excellent hotel in the Loop for a solo traveler who wants good value	I recently stayed at the Hotel Blake for a leisure trip to Chicago for 5 nights from 7/7 to 7/12. I can only say good things about my stay there. Considering I wanted to pay less than $150/night and all my travel during my Chicago stay would be via public transit, the hotel was in an excellent location, very close to various Chicago &quot;L&quot; stations on many lines (the Library stop on the Loop itself, the Jackson stops on both the Blue and Red Lines, the LaSalle stop on the Blue Line, and the Harrison stop on the Red Line). Though the area near the hotel isn't the most built-up location in downtown Chicago, there still were a few restaurants and convenience stores nearby (the latter of which, both 7-Eleven and CVS, I utilized numerous times). Service in the hotel was good too - the rooms were cleaned thoroughly early each day, there was free, 24-7 internet access (though only one computer so sometimes I had to wait to get on), and a continental breakfast was available each morning (though I only used that the day I checked out and the options were somewhat limited). The cooling units in the rooms worked well too, making it more comfortable to sleep. From the room I had, I even had an excellent view of the Sears Tower (it will never be the Willis Tower and besides, when I was there it still was officially the Sears Tower!). The staff seemed friendly enough, though I didn't need their services much during my stay.All in all, Hotel Blake served as an excellent base of operations for me during my stay in Chicago (which primarily involved going to a pair of Cubs and a pair of White Sox games, riding around the CTA &quot;L&quot; system, checking out the major train stations, checking out various neighborhoods and attractions both via transit and on foot, and taking a day trip up to Milwaukee to check out that city and go to a Brewers game - Hotel Blake is probably about 3/4 mile from Chicago Union Station). I'd definitely be interested in staying at Hotel Blake again during a future Chicago visit if their rates remain relatively low.	
Jul 16 2009 	Motel 8 has better service!!!	I had been planning my trip to see Chicago for the first time w/several friends for months and had spent weeks making sure we stayed at a luxurious conveniently located hotel in downtown Chicago. Unfortunately this hotel offered us nothing but one headache after the other. When we checked into our room we realized our room did not have two queen size beds as we had reserved. When we confronted the front desk staff they replied in a huffy manner that it wasn’t their problem and by “LAW” the hotel’s only obligation to me was a room at their lovely establishment. I asked to speak to a manager and they told us that they didn’t have a manager on duty and that there wasn’t going to be a manager coming in. They proceeded to let us know that they would be able to put us in a room with 2 beds the next day and a roll-a-way for the current evening. After 3 calls to the front desk and being 3am we still did not have a roll-a-way in the room! They let us know that they didn’t have any roll-a-ways for us that evening but that someone had checked-out at midnight and that we could move into that room for the night. My other friends were given a handicap room, which wasn’t a huge deal accept for the fact that the room décor wasn’t nearly as nice as the non-handicap rooms and that the shower heads were so low that they only accommodated someone who was in a wheelchair. They clearly don’t realize that handicap people travel with people who are not in a wheelchair or have a different disability. When my friends called down to the front desk to see if they could move rooms they were told no! My friends asked what they could do for them because they were unsatisfied and they said they could give them drink tickets to the bar that had already closed for the evening. The next morning when they called down to see if they could have a room move the front desk said no again. They asked to speak with a manager and surprise apparently there was no manager on duty the next day either. How appalling their hotel’s guests have to ask their staff to help accommodate them and that there only response seemed to be “NO”. This was just a FEW of the run-ins we had with this establishment.  I am no stranger to traveling or the workings of a hotel establishment. I currently work for a 4 star Travel + Leisure top 50 hotels in North America in their reservations department. So, yes I do expect exemplary service and I know that it can be provided. At the same time I am more forgiving to some of their shortfalls as I know all hoteliers have been faced with the same situations. It’s so unfortunate that such a beautiful well located hotel has no sense on service; this may be due to the lack of management.	
Jul 13 2009 	Dissappointed-not what others are saying	We stayed for two nights at this hotel and booked it because of the price and what others were saying about the hotel on TripAdisor. I was dissappointed. Day shift bellhop was rude the minute we got out of the car. (Night shift bellhop, Greg, was excellent and funny) We arrived at 3 pm but did not realize until 8 pm that we only had 2 towels in the room (we had 4 in the room) We called for more towels, but you can only get towels from 8 to 6 when housekeeping is there! There are not many places to eat or do shopping, most close at 5 pm or 7pm. I was concerned about what they call 'secure parking' as a part of my $39.00 valet parking. Your car is actually in a public parking garage underground and your keys stay in your car with the window down (so flys or bugs can crawl in), so take every with you into the hotel. Rooms were ok (they charge you an extra $50.00 at checkin but will refund it to you after you leave as long as you don't mess up the room or steal anything (ha) - beds were not comfortable at all, hard. Next time, we will stay in the River North area, more eateries, shopping, Navy Pier and closer to the 'el' trains and subway.	
Jul 9 2009 	Blake Hotel Chicago - WOW!!!	This was my first time at the Blake Hotel in Chicago. I would definately go back. The service there was excellent, better than any other service I have had in the past. Jesse, the doorman was very helpful with information about where certain eateries were located at and also th best way to get around the town. The room was fantanstic with a king bed and a large walk-in shower. The staff was very courtious at all times. The continental breakfast was also good. Overall, I would say that my stay at the Blake was not only relaxing but in general an excellent experience that I would do again.	
Jul 8 2009 	Weekend was a bust due to hotel blake	I had booked through Blakes website over a month in advance and a deal on the room with no cancellation allowed. We got to the off ramp on congress and was .9 miles from the hotel and it took just under 2 hours to get there due to traffic. We finally show up after dealing with all that traffic and come to find out there had given away our room and we had no where to stay in their hotel that night. Not off to a good start since we were going to the Brewers/Cubs game in the morning bright and early. They ended up putting us up in the holiday inn for the night for free and payed for the taxi to get us over there. So we had to park our car at the hotel for the night and hoped we had what we needed. When we got to the holiday inn, they had no record of Blake sending us there, they had only 4 reservations and i was not one of them. After another wait, they wrote my name over some other person they had reservations for from the Blake(not sure what they did with the other person when they showed). Once we got to the room, it was a smoking room! My girlfriend is allergic to smoke and those were the only rooms they had there. So after a horrible night, we had to wake up and pack up again bright and early to go back to the blake. This was not before we found out the holiday inn did not have a complimentary breakfast like the Blake was going to have. So after taking a cab back to blake, we went to have our luggage checked since a room would not be available until 3 PM which is 3 hours after the Brewer game started. Once we got the luggage checked, they said we could have breakfast there. It was the worst possible breakfast i had ever seen. They had one guy cutting and toasting bagels in a 4 slice toaster, pound cake cut and wrapped individually and honey buns. The juice was stuck in a bucket of ice when some ran out so it was not even cold. The bagel my girlfriend got had mold on the bottom of the bagel as well. Went to the game(Brewers killed 11-2) and when we got back, they had upgraded us to the larger king size room. The room was nice and well maintained. When we woke up the next morning, we had no hot water! We called down to the front desk and they brought up a key card to take a shower in the only other open room which was nice. They ended up taking off some of the total which helped in the end to make things somewhat right. Seems like a decent place as long as you have a room and go out for breakfast. Good location.	
Jul 7 2009 	Don't Spend Your Money On The expensive Hotels 5 Star Service Here!!!	My wife and I spent the 4th of July holiday (3rd thru the 6th) at the Blake and was I suprised! I read some of the surveys here before we left ,and I was a bit confused if I made the right decision. It took all of 3 seconds to put my mind to ease. When we arrived, Greg &quot;Showtime at the Blake&quot; (the doorman) greeted us like we were royality! Welcome to the Blake boomed from his voice, like we were the best client who ever graced the hotel. Then we approached the reception desk and were promptly told they were extremely glad to have us there. Michael the deskman said we have a problem, we had to upgrade you to a suite at no extra charge! Our heads are now spinning like crazy! I asked why, he replied because we want you to have an enjoyable stay with us. This has all happend within the first 3 minutes of our arrival. If it would have stopped there, we would have been more than satisified, but NO! we were taken to our suite, and the door opened to a PENTHOUSE, not a suite! An extremely large room with a complete living room, multiple chairs and loungers, a 42in plasma tv, a 6 piece dining area, a wine bottle cooler, beautiful dark wood accents HUGE picture windows with magnificent views. Then a right to a spacious bedroom with a king bed accented with rich bedding, another 42in tv. Another right to a palatial bathroom with a garden tub, dual basins, full seperate marble shower with a rainhead. Words do not describe the decadance here. From all of the staff, too numerous to name, if you do not patronize this hotel your wasting your hard earned dollars! From my wife and I, thank you from the bottom of are hearts! See you in december for christmas shopping!!	
Jul 1 2009 	Charming	I arrived from NY fraught, dirty and hot. The reception from the staff at Hotel Blake sorted the first of those - efficient and courteous to a fault - and the wonderful rain-head shower in the bathroom sorted the last two. Room service for a late lunch was as good as reception, with much to tempt on the room service menu. I felt completely restored within an hour.The bar staff were friendly and helpful, while the food in the restaurant for a business dinner was very good indeed.I also greatly appreciated breakfast being provided - much more what I'm used to, coming from the UK. Location was quiet, but perfectly convenient, the room was spacious, the bed wonderfully comfortable. If I have any quibbles at all, it was the provision of only one computer in the business centre - there was always a queue to use it!I would certainly stay again.	
Jun 22 2009 	I'd stay here again	My new husband and I decided to spend our honeymoon in Chicago and, after much looking, found a good deal with the Hotel Blake. He was new to the city but I'd stayed there numerous times but never stayed south of the river. But, it was a pleasant surprise! The hotel was wonderful. The room was great. The bathroom was huge. Granted, there was no refrigerator nor microwave, but we survived nicely without them. We walked everywhere. The weather was beautiful, so we took advantage of the City Pass, getting tickets to Adler, Hancock, Shedd, and Field (ran out of time and didn't make it to Science &amp; Industry). We walked to all of the above, and also to Navy Pier and spent lots of time in Grant Park and Millenium Park.While you're there, get out of the hotel and walk. There are lots of restaurants around, and the more you walk, the more delightful places you'll find.The front desk staff were VERY friendly and helpful. Never made it downstairs for the free breakfast so can't comment on that. Parking was at a garage around the corner for $39 a day, I think, with in-and-out privileges, but we never used the car. I think this is my new favorite hotel in Chicago.	
Jun 13 2009 	Great place to stay	My husband, daugher and I stayed at Hotel Blake in May - our first time in Chicago. Everything was great - the hotel staff were friendly, helpful and professional. Our room was large and well appointed, and the bathroom was large and luxurious. The beds were very comfortable. The continental breakfast (included) is simply some bagels, juice and coffee served in the lobby, but good enough to start the day. We thought the location was good - a few blocks from the waterfront and Buckingham fountain. From there we walked to Millenium Park and then down Michigan Avenue, the Magnificent Mile shopping area to Hancock Tower (which I recommend for a view of Chicago - go an hour or so before sunset and stay until afterwards to get both day and night views). The Hotel Blake is located in the business area which is quiet in the evening, but the concierge/doorman recommended bars/restaurants we could walk to. We also found that taxis were very reasonable. The valet parking is pricey, but we checked the area and all parking seemed quite expensive. It was convenient and safe, so it was worth it to us. My son has since stayed at Hotel Blake for a weekend in a king bed room and also had a positive experience - the room was large, luxuriously appointed and very comfortable and the staff were great. When in Chicago, we will definitely stay at Hotel Blake!	
Jun 13 2009 	Do not be fooled by photos...	I choose this hotel because of the photos online and the price for a package through Priceline. While I generally trust the site and I always double check with Trip Advisor obvisouly this slipped by me. I was greeted in the Lobby by a drunken guest, andf super loud doorman. I told the counter agent that my flight was 10 hours late, that I had a early morning meeting and she then put me on a floor with a girls night out party facing the street! The temparature in Chicago right now is 60 and my room is freezing cold. I called for a blanket and they told me that they do not have any more???? Huh?There are no amenities here and my dinner was a bag of Hot Fries from the 7-11\ and if you park your car you are going to pay $39.00 to park. Are you kidding? Okay, I thought I had a deal but this is a dud...	
Jun 10 2009 	Excellent stay at Hotel Blake	I stayed at Hotel Blake at Chicago, Illinois from May 9 to May 15. The service at the hotel was great. The people at the front desk/doorman/cleaning lady were very friendly and helpful. The room was a very clean and nice.... bed was very comfortable. I love the location of the hotel. It's located at the south end of the downtown area. There are a lot of nice restaurants near the hotel. We walked to the Art Institute, Millennium Park, downtown and Michigan Ave for shopping. We caught a bus to the Field Museum, Navy Pier and Chinatown. The price of the hotel was very reasonable (we got a 30 percent discount for the spring sale at the hotel). The only complaints- no refrigerator and microwave. I will definitely stay at the hotel again and recommend it to anyone visiting Chicago.	
May 12 2009 	Great value at the Hotel Blake in Downtown Chicago	I travel frequently into Chicago for business and this was my first stay at the Hotel Blake. I was really impressed with the Hotel and the attached restaurant. Check in / out was friendly, fast, and easy. The rooms were extremely nice and the overall facility was excellent. I would strongly recommend the Hotel Blake for business and leisure travel. Great value, great location, great place!	
Apr 21 2009 	Great Hotel Great Price	Although it's not situated in the middle of everything, all the main attractions of Chicago are relatively close and you can either walk there (which we did most of the time), utilize the buses/trains or take a cab. Cab rides to most places are about $10 (including tip). The hotel itself is nice, the rooms are spacious, the beds are comfortable, and the shower is very nice, but the thing that makes this hotel a great one is the service. The people who work the front desk as well as the doormen (Showtime in particular) are friendly, no matter what you need they are extremely accommodating. They will often ask you where you're going and happily give you tips and suggestions, sometime they even have coupons or deals. My fiance and I throughly enjoyed our stay here and would not hesitate to come back.	
Apr 15 2009 	nice classy hotel	Love this hotel! Very neat and clean. Comfortable bed. Beautifully decorated. Great location. Friendly staff. The price was unbeatable! But don't use the vallet parking if you have a vehicle because it costs just as much as a one night stay!	
Mar 29 2009 	Acceptable but not spectacular	My husband and I recently vacationed in Chicago for four nights at the Hotel Blake. Our room was nice for how little we were there, and seemed reasonable for a Standard King for $117 a night (AAA member). We were upgraded to a King room with a desk and other furniture, but the Internet was not working at the hotel, so the desk seemed worthless. Bathroom was huge. When I noticed our room did not have a coffee maker as the website indicates, I mentioned it to the desk woman who kindly wrote it down, then I never heard. When I went back the next night to ask in person, I was told the hotel was full and there were no coffee makers available. This did not seem acceptable to me, but I did not make an issue. Had I made an issue of it, perhaps I would've gotten a coffee pot, but that's not a fun vacation to me. There is a continental breakfast offered at 7a.m. where I came down and got coffee in my p.j's. One of the nights, my husband and I did get wafts of sewage smell. That was one night, on the fifth floor. I read a review from Oct. 2008 where someone also smelled sewage on the 5th floor. In warmer weather, I might be concerned about it being worse? Don't know what the deal is there.The door men are the nicest and most helpful people there. Desk reception is cordial, responding to you as though you've pushed a button for a pre-programmed response. I suppose it's not the funnest job in the world, but the door men seem to be making the most of it. I wouldn't expect reception to solve a problem for me, and unless you had a problem, there's be no reason to find reception unacceptable. Just hope for no problems. We'll look into other places in the future, but the price certainly was right.	
Mar 16 2009 	Enjoyed the Blake: nice boutique(-like) hotel!	Located in the Printer's Row district (Loop-South Loop border) the Hotel Blake, while not at the center of the action, is conveniently located. You can easily walk, or ride either the bus or the El Train to most of the interesting venues. There are a good lot of restaurants (Potbelly's, Amarit (thai), etc) and coffee shops (Starbucks, Panera Bread) in the neighborhood if you don't want to eat at Custom House , on the main floor of the hotel. Again, you can walk to the Loop to enjoy the best.Regarding the rooms, they are well furnished and seemed quite newly renovated. Light sleepers: ask a room away from the street as the windows are thin and let street noise go through more than usually. The downside: you loose the view. While they call it a boutique hotel, I would say it's fairly close to the edge of being a &quot;mainstream&quot; hotel.Aside from that, the staff at the desk were friendly, yet not joyful, completely opposite to the doorman, who was always willing to help us on our journey!At the time cheaper than most of comparable hotels, the Blake is definitely a good bet!	
Mar 16 2009 	What a find!	We stay in Chicago every year at the Hilton for the St Paddys Day Parade. This year we went on a limb to stay at the Blake because it was half the price. We were thrilled with this boutique hotel. The location was great (1.5 blks from the CTA blue line, which if you are coming from O'Hare is ideal). 3 blks from Michigan Ave and had several stores, restaurants, and coffeeshops in the area for quick pick-ups. The staff were very friendly and the room was spacious, nicely decorated, and clean. You could tell the hotel tried to provide special extras to make your stay more memorable. They also provided a basic continental breakfast, which was great. We did not go into the bar or restaurant but they looked lovely. This hotel also had free access to the work out area and free WiFi, all of which the Hilton do not provide. This is now our new favorite hotel, for our get-aways from the kids!!!	
Mar 10 2009 	Nice stay at the hotel Blake	We spend four nights at the Blake. The location is very convenient: near the blue train and close to the Art institute. The room was clean, pleasant and quiet. We didn't try the breakfast but it looked OK. Overall an nice stay at the hotel Blake.	
Mar 3 2009 	Splendid time at the Hotel Blake!	My husband and I spent four nights at the Blake last week and had a splendid time! The rooms and bathrooms are spacious and well appointed, the beds are comfy and we had a great view of the Harold Washington Library. Hotel Blake is now serving a complimentary continental breakfast...most appreciated!Great location, close to the &quot;L&quot; and subway and in walking distance of the Art Institute, Cultural Center, Buddy Guy's and theaters. It was our first time in Chicago and we look forward to returning...and staying at the Hotel Blake!	
Feb 16 2009 	Great weekend at the Blake	My girlfriend and I had decided on a weekend getaway and picked the Blake Hotel because of the price and the location. We were blown away by the service, friendly employees and excellant location. Only located a mile or two from the Sears tower, Amtrak and Museum Campus, we found it extremely easy to navigate our way around town. We were only a few minute cab ride from restaurants north of us, or bars anywhere in the city. The room was clean and modern and didn't worry about being bothered by any staff. When we had questions regarding locations, the staff assisted us with maps and the door man hailed cabs and directed us to different places around the city. I would go back in a heart beat. I would also recommend the city pass, for only $59 you can go to 5 spots around the city. We went to the Shedd Aquarium, The Sears &amp; the Field Museum. The pass is good until May, so you can keep the vouchers for another day. It also allows you to skip the lines and see shows that normally cost extra while your there.	
Jan 3 2009 	Great hotel	After reading the previous reviews my wife and I decided to take a chance at the Blake. We experienced none of the things that other reviewers had issues with and plan to stay at this hotel the next time we go to Chicago. The staff was very courteous and helpful, pointing us in the direction of good local restaurants and making sure we knew which way we were heading on public transportation. A good find in a great part of town!	
Dec 6 2008 	Great location	I stay at this hotel during the conference in December. The location of the hotel is good. It is near the Museum campus, Grant park, Art institute and two blocks away from the Blue line subway. There is Panera Bread nearby, so grabbing for breakfast or lunch is easy.The reception at the counter was very nice and friendly. Her name is Desiree. We first stayed at the Hilton Hotel, a few blocks away, and moved to this hotel because of problem with reservation. We arrived early, around 10 am. When Desiree learned that we had to head out for the conference, she searched for the cleaned available room and let us check in right away. Thank you for being helpful. Hotel Blake is really good value for the money. It is cheaper than the Hilton with similar location and room amenities. If you are not looking for grand entrance or fancy lobby, I think Hotel Blake is a good choice. The wireless connection is free here, but is charged by the 5 star hotel in Chicago.	
Oct 31 2008 	Great Place and Location	Contrary to the many conflicting reviews, we stayed at the Blake from October 1-5 and had an amazing time! Check-in was smooth and welcoming. We had driven to Chicago and had a late check in and the doorman was helpful and pleasant and pointed us to Edwardo's across the street for Chicago Deep Dish pizza. We got an amazing deal on this hotel in the Old Printers District. Don't let anyone tell you this hotel is not in great area because if you are a true traveller, it is accessible to everything either on foot or by taking local transporation - it is a short 20 minute walk to the Field Museum and Shedd Aquarium - a beautiful walk along the water far outweighs a cab ride and you get to experience Chicago. It is a very short walk to Buddy Guys Legends which is absolutely amazing (thanks Showtime - the front doorman we think makes the Blake even more amazing - he's the hub of Chicago and gives great tips!). For the price we paid for this hotel I would have to say the rooms were great. Yes, there was a slight odour in the Hotel hallways, but this is an extremely old re-furbished building and quite frankly didn't &quot;ruin&quot; my stay. The rooms were large and boutique like and the beds were super comfortable. Maid service was great too and coffee downstairs every morning. We didn't hang out in our hotel because we were too busy seeing Chicago but it was a great place to come to at the end of the day. Oh,and yes, there is noise at night but hello?! for those of you that are not use to a big city, welcome to it! Big cities, big noise. Again, nothing that ruined my stay, because I accept my hotel is on Congress and Dearborn which is a busy intersection. If you get the Blake Hotel for a reasonable rate, you really truly cannot beat it. We plan to visit Chicago again because it is awesome and would we re-book at the Blake? Absolutely would again.....thanks Blake Hotel for making our first trip to Chicago a memorable one.	
Oct 5 2008 	Worst I Have Experienced	I came in on Oct 5th 2008 at 4.30pm. (funny its today). they gave me Rm.520. Within 15 min I could get septic drainage smell inside the room thru the vents and called the guest service. THey said, they will give another room and I am typing this from the other room. there is no smell here but the hallway stinks. The room man said &quot;At least you don't have the smell inside your room now&quot;!! And to make things even worse, the previous room did not even have drapes. Now, please think twice before choosing this hotel. I will be getting out very soon.	
Sep 22 2008 	Nice Place to Stay	I read many reviews about this Hotel before booking it and I was a little skeptical. However, after staying there for four nights, I am pleased with my choice. The hotel staff was always courteous and attentive. The doormen were hilarious and helpful. And the hotel itself was very nice. I didn't have any issues with my room. It was serviced everyday with fresh towels and straightened up a bit. The only downside was a slight smell of dampness in the hallways, which didn't reflect the room. Besides that, it was the most reasonably priced hotel and still in a decent location for where I needed to get to in the morning.	
Sep 14 2008 	You get what you pay for	For the money, this is a decent hotel. Location was great, staff was helpful enough to get me in and out. The place definitely needs some upgrading and cleaning up, but again, for the money, I would stay there again next time I'm in Chicago.	
Aug 22 2008 	Don't Trust This Place With Your Credit Card Number	Avoid this place at all costs.My organization booked 20 rooms at the Blake for an upcoming event nearby. When we needed to make changes to the reservations, we found the reservation line went unanswered, and responses by email were very slow. I finally visited the surprisingly dumpy Blake in person and found chaos and angry customers at the front desk. My handwritten note to the General Manager to please call me ASAP was never answered.  We then cancelled all of our rooms about a week ahead of time. The Blake sent an email confirming the cancellations and promising that none of us would be charged. Despite that promise, the Blake charged my credit card for one night's stay and did the same to one of my colleagues. The Blake did not respond to my faxes, emails, letters or phone calls, but eventually my credit card company persuaded the Blake to reverse the charges. Four months later, however, my colleague is still fighting to have her $179 charge reversed. No one at the Blake will respond to her in any way. Between the two of us we've spent dozens of hours trying to reverse charges that should never have been imposed in the first place. Incredibly bad customer service, and an incredibly frustrating experience.	
Aug 19 2008 	South Loop's nicest starting point!!!	Don't let some folks bring your hopes down. This hotel is wonderful and the staff, although not professionnally trained in college to be hotel clerks, are truly nice and as helpful as can be (ask for Chris when you double check your reservation and tell him L.A. from Montreal refered you). The hotel is located in the South Loop and anyone with only two-three days to see Chicago will not mind walking to go anywhere from the hotel and guess what? Most sightseeing tours pick you up from there. As previously written by other former guests, the rooms are beautiful and nearby accomodations will serve you breakfast, lunch and late dinner (Check out Bar Louie southwest on Dearborn or Potbelly next door, or even Hackberry (right spelling or no, anyone?). In the opinion of some, your hotel has to have everything they want when they want it, which is not how I see things. A real passionate and curious-as-heck tourist (hate to use that word but...) will stay a minimum of time in his room and see as much as possible, which can imply eating outside the hotel. The more you walk, the more you love it. Honestly, my only complaint is that I had just too much to do/see and too little time to sleep more than 3 hours per night (difficult because the beds are so comfy). Therefore, the Blake has nothing to critisize itself for.... although it does not have a swimming pool with white-bikini-throbbing chicks whom feed you spoonfuls of chocolate pudding. ; )	
Aug 4 2008 	Wow did I just pay that much for this?	My Pros: The area of town isn't too bad. If you have some good shoes you can walk to just about anything you would like restaurant-wise. It's possible to walk to the Lake and Navy Pier from there, but it would be a bit of a hike. There are a few restaurants in the immediate area so if you aren't picky and don't want to walk far you're set. Our room (#524) was on the end so we had 2 huge windows one facing north, the other facing east, which gave us a very nice view of the area, which included the Sears Tower. These windows also had blackout drapes which meant a nicely darkened room when it was time for bed. The room had a large bathroom with a double sink and a really nice (rain-like) showerhead. The complimentary bathroom supplies were from Bath and Body Works, which had a nice smell. Plenty of towels for 2 people, and a bath robe. The Plasma TV was lowend, but decent Vizio (WalMart) brand, but it worked ok to watch the cable with HBO. The chairs were comfortable, and the bed was very very comfortable. The tall 12' ft (I think) ceilings made the room seem big. Lastly there was free wireless internet throughout the the hotel at no additional cost. My Cons: The price. Probably my fault, I had to book last minute, so I had to pay the webprice ($350 + tax) for this room. This price might be worth it if it weren't for the following. The room door was falling apart and hard to open and close because it was sticking in the jamb. The A/C was a pain to control, it seemed to have 2 settings, off or freezing. Our room because of the 2 windows made the city noise come right to the room. I can sleep through anything so it did't bother me, but light sleepers beware. The toilet didn't flush right you had to hold the handle down. The bathrobes finally came after a 2nd call. The doorman made a Omaha Nebraska guy like me feel a little uncomfortable. He seemed nice, but a little shiesty. He informed us that he could park our car in the garage for $39 per night, or he could put it on the meter for $10. We opted for the meter, but that meant our car would have to stay put, or we risk losing the meter. This meant we were walking anywhere we had to go for that night. I'm not sure why the $10 though, I thought the meters were free after a certian hour on Saturday. I think he profited from that one directly. No fridge? At this price? The staff didn't seem to be too bright, but fortunately I didn't really require them to be, as I didn't really need them for anything, except change for a 5. At checkout I forgot to give them their room key-cards back. They either didn't want them, or weren't bright enough to remember to ask for them. Lastly, when we got to our floor, it smelled like dirty laundry, housekeeping had bags of dirty linens all over the floor, and there was one room with a room service tray outside in the hallway that hadn't been picked up, when we came back from dinner the smell had gone for the most part, but the room service tray was still there, this had to of been 2 or 3 hours later. Other Stuff: There is a coffee pot for you coffee drinkers. It's located in the bathroom, which I thought was weird, but whatever. There was a hair blowdryer in there too if you need one. There is a phone in the bathroom next to the toilet, I guess this is in case you have some emergency that requires a phone call, or a call downstairs while on the can. I never went for ice, but I think there is only 1 ice machine in the whole place, so plan for that. They told me there as a health club too, but again I didn't check it out. Same for the restaurant, I checked their menu online and figured that I wasn't spending that much for a little nibble. If you want to catch a cab I think the doorman will put his life on the line for you to get one. The EL Train and Subway stops were within walking distance, but that's true for just about any part of town. Staff seemed a little snobbish, but they weren't rude. I didn't see too many elevators, in fact, I only saw 2. They worked ok, but come checkout time they will get stuffed. I was on 5th floor, by the time the elevator got to me there was barely enough room for me to squeeze in, then the elevator proceeded to stop on 4 and 3 to pick up more people, whom couldn't fit. So I imagine if you weren't lucky, you'd be waiting for awhile, or taking the stairs. The stairwells were dirty by the way. Conclusion: I might stay here again if I were to get a really good price, but mostly likely I would try to find something else. It was ok, but I don't think worth the price. This hotel seems to be tethering on the edge of being pretty nice, or really bad.	
Jul 23 2008 	Great Hotel in the Loop	This was the second time we stayed at the hotel. First in February 2008, because it was close to the EL. As the service was excellent, the room modern, clean and comfortable, we decided to spend another weekend in July with my nephew and our 3 bikes. The assistance we received with storing our bikes and making them available whenever we needed them, exceeded our hopes. The nearby parking was also very convenient. As we arrived ahead of check in time, our luggage was stored until the rooms were ready, again it was stored after check out, until we returned from our Lakeshore bike trip. This hotel and its staff is recommendable in every aspect. Thanks for the great stay.	
Jul 7 2008 	What a MISS	This noisy hotel is on the corner of Dearborn and Congress, two major streets with lots of buses and an above ground metro one block away. The double pain windows do not cut the noise. If you are from a city a love noise, then this is your hotel.The rooms are beautiful and the beds are comfortable. That's a plus. We were upgraded to a corner room #524. Beautiful views. When I commented on the noise and said we could not sleep well, they said the only rooms above ours were suites. We kept our room.Trust me, it's noisy, throughout the night.NO morning newspapers. NO twice daily maid service. NO bottled water. This used to be a Hyatt, but while claiming to be a boutique hotel they don't even get the most basic of hotel services. There are so few people staying here that the restaurant, Custom House, quit serving breakfasts because there wasn't enough business. If you want ice, you'll be going up to the 12th floor to find the ice machine. The hallway carpets, at least on floor five were stained in several places and needed a deep cleaning.This hotel is a mile from Sears Tower and a mile from Art Institute of Chicago. The same goes for Wrigley Field if you happen to be catching a Cubs game. OTHERWISE, there is nothing close to this hotel. It's on the far south end of the loop and boy did we boo-boo picking this hotel because it's not near anything. Well, the Chicago library is a block away as is the city jail! If you are looking for a hotel in the Miracle Mile area where most of the tourist activities take place, this is NOT the hotel to choose.The hotel advertises a concierge, but it is really the front desk, which while as helpful as they try to be, are not trained concierges. Wireless service does not work in the lobby, though it does work in the rooms. The only reason to stay here is for the rock bottom hotel rates that can be found on some discount websites. There is also a Starbucks on the corner and Orange, a breakfast restaurant around the corner. All in all, we would never stay here again. The rooms are great but there is nothing else going on, unless you absolutely have appointments in this area, there are far better hotels with far better services in Chicago....and at similar prices. We thought this was a MISS and not a little miss a BIG MISS.	
Jul 4 2008 	Great memories at Hotel Blake	My dear boyfriend and I stayed at Hotel Blake June 27-June 29, 2008 after wanting a hotel that wasn't another &quot;chain&quot;. We booked the weekend stay on Expedia.com and check in was a breeze. The room was prepaid and all they needed was a signature and a credit card to put on file for incidentals.We were assigned a King Classic room on the 6th floor...clean room, beautiful bed and bedding, large bathroom with large shower, great free tioletries from Bath and Body Works. However, not a great view. Actually, no view at all, just the side of a brick building, but this was expected seeing as how we didn't splurge for a suite and it is the city of Chicago! We didn't take advantage of the restaurant but we did walk to city quite a bit. Ate at Hackneys for burgers just down the block. There is easy access to the el, and many restaurants...Starbuck, Potbelly, Edwardos, small little Italian resurants and a 7-11 on the block.I did encounter one small problem on my return from our stay. We had checked out and were told there were no incidentals, however the next day my credit card they had on file had been charged $100.00. I called and spoke with the front desk who informed me that when they take your credit card on file they &quot;automatically&quot; set aside $50.00 per day and that if it is not used, it is reimbursed. It was in fact reimbursed the next day, however it would have been nice to know this up front.Overall, it was a lovely cozy, CLEAN stay at Hotel Blake with a great location and we would definetly recommend it and will stay there again!	
Jun 5 2008 	One of the best!	I LOVED this hotel - I got a newly renovated room on the corner, looking towards the lake, and they had thought of EVERYTHING I wanted.I would stay there again in a heartbeat.My confernece was at the CHicago Hilton, and it was a nice 10-minute walk there. Great restaurants and a cute book shop in Printer's row, too. Convenient to buses.	
May 24 2008 	A Great Place to Stay!	We got a very reasonable price at the Hotel Blake via Hotels.ca in a normally expensive city. The hotel was easy to find, not far from the Lasalle station at the south end of the Loop. With several other El train stops nearby and the bus across the road, it's in a great location for all the tourist sites in Chicago. Potbelly's and Starbucks are a few steps away. The only downside was the traffic noise at night, but that is hard to avoid in a big, busy city. Dearborn is a relatively quiet street, but Chicago drivers use their horns a lot. The climate system provided enough white noise to allow a good nights sleep. The building is an older heritage building, but nicely updated inside. Check-in was easy, computer access was handy just off the lobby and staff were very friendly at all times. We had to walk up one short flight of stairs from the elevator, but if that's a problem then you will really struggle with the subway steps in Chicago. Room was very large, nicely furnished with a big comfortable bed. Bathrooms are huge, with two sinks, nicely tiled with a rain-type shower head. The room was so comfortable it provided a welcome place for a mid-day break. The Hotel Blake was one of the nicest hotels I've stayed in and I would recommend it to anyone looking for quality at a reasonable price.	
May 23 2008	Inconsistent	I had a very mixed experience at Hotel Blake.Good stuff:- Large room with a comfortable bed and nice bathroom/shower- Good location, walkable to the loop, lake and many train stops- Staff was responsive to room change request, fax service and holding baggageBad stuff:- Wifi barely worked at all, even after I switched rooms to get better reception. This was a semi-business trip and I did not appreciate heading out into the hallway to check my email- No fridge in the room- Odd beeping in the hallway that, according to the front desk, was normal and couldn't be stopped. Not very bothersome, just strange.I got a great deal on this place but I wouldn't pay full price.	
May 12 2008	Terrible Experience	The hotel looks nice, but the service was HORRIBLE and we barely slept - the beds look nice but are uncomfortable, it was noisy, the walls must be thin, we could hear everything outside- we got very little sleep!.. The weird thing is, the elevators dont go to every floor, so we had to get off at a floor below ours, and carry our luggage up the stairs....and, I had a cold shower (I called downstairs to tell them there was no hot water, and they said &quot;the engineer will be in at 9, he'll call you then&quot;--- I had to be at work before then, so that didn't help), then the blow dryer didn't work, and they didn't come up with a new one for such a long time, I had to leave for work with a cold, wet head. Also, one of the employees literally yelled at me about a credit card &quot;issue&quot; that actually ended up not being an issue at all.	
May 8 2008 	Good Hotel. Not far from public transportation.	My wife and I spent one night in the Blake. We parked near Union Station and used public transportation to reach the hotel (the el stops only one block away from the hotel). The hotel was very nice, but the location was not fantastic for tourist accessibility. The staff were very nice and accommodating. The room was quite large and comfortable. We were able utilize the public transportation again to get to the magnificent mile. Since the public transportation is so extensive in Chicago, the location was not a problem. If I was looking for a business hotel, I would defiantly stay at the Blake.	
Apr 28 2008 	Best Place to Fall in Love	Here is the thing about the Hotel Blake . . . it is just a building - just a hotel. But is memorable beyond words.It's not just the hip decor, and the marble floors, it's the doorman dancing in the street with his umbrella in the rain - the way he will walk you to Harold's Chicken Shack -because he's going there anyway. It is the squishy blankets, and the rainforest showers, the bed that is perfect for falling in love. It is the way that even though the guy at the desk TOLD you not to put your room card near your cell phone, he will still replace it the THIRD time you mess it up - and he will laugh at you. It is the fact that when you leave the love of your life at the train station, and you come back to that hotel, with tears in your eyes, the bell man will put his arm around you, say &quot;you really love her don't you&quot; and tell you that it will be ok. And maybe just for a minute it is.	
Apr 15 2008 	Amazing time at Hotel Blake	My wife and I decided to take a pre-Christmas trip to Chicago and found this hotel and absolutely loved it!!! We had a fantastic trip to the Windy City while staying at this centrally located hotel. The hotel was very elegant with great service. The location just couldn't be beat. We were a short cab or bus ride from it all. When we got in we hopped on the blue line from O'Hare and 45 mins we got off about a block from the hotel. Once we checked into our room we saw a pizza place across the street and we didnt know a better way to start off our trip than a deep dish pizza. The place was Edwardo's Natural Pizza and it was amazing.We were in walking distance from Grant Park and did so. We got to walk to the Sears Tower and the famous Lou Mitchell's. We loved the hotel and will definitely be back!	
Apr 5 2008 	Best Beds in Town!	Stay in Chicago weekly and found the Blake based on great rates. The beds and the great showers made my stay. MUST eat at Potbelly's next door - also Starbucks across the street and awesome breakfast at Orange around the corner. Steps away from everything and best yet - you have money left in your pocket when you leave. Oh yeah - FREE Internet	
Mar 26 2008 	Good Times in room 306.	Past negative reviews on this site are not reflective of our experience in room #306 of Hotel Blake. The mixed reviews do lead me to believe that room conditions can vary. Positive Points:1. Price - I paid $101/night Canadian. I got this as a package deal on a well-known travel web site. We stayed at the hotel during the March break (week of March 10th, 2008). 2. Size - We couldn't believe the size of our room! We had a King sized bed, a nice bay window with a bench/seat (and a bench at the end of our bed), more than enough space for open luggage, and a super-sized washroom. You can do jumping jacks in this bathroom! There are two sinks, and a large shower stall. 3. Style - It is refreshing to be in a botique style hotel - this gives it charm and character, something you don't get from other cookie-cutter chain hotels. Take a look at the pictures. 4. Location - Everything is within walking distance. Yes, it is located in the southern part of the Loop, but it did not take us long to walk from one end of the town to the other (e.g. from this hotel to the John Hancock tower). It is also close to a couple of transit stops. We took the El train from the Midway airport, got off at the Library transit stop, and walked half a block to this hotel. Negative Points:1. Internet not working - it is well advertised that this hotel has a free internet terminal available for guests. Therefore we made a conscious decision to not bring our heavy laptop with wireless internet. Well, the hotel internet terminal was out of order during our entire stay. I was annoyed enough to voice my discontent a couple of times. In response, they let us use their own staff computer behind the front desk. Bravo! 2. Ridiculous phone charges - the list of services in the room leads you to believe that you will not be charged for out-going calls placed on a calling card. Well, when we checked out and got a bill for over $20 in calls, we learned otherwise. However, after some more ‘voiced discontent’ (including a reminder to them that we wouldn’t need to be placing these calls if their internet hadn’t been down all week) they dropped the charges. I commend the hotel staff for turning these two negative points into positives. Other hotel tips and tid-bits:· You get some Bath &amp; Body Works goodies in the bathroom (see pic), and they replenish. · Our towels were replaced everyday, unlike some other reviews.· The deep-dish pizza place across the street, Edwardo’s, is really good. And the Starbuck’s across the street is handy.· The exercise room on the 2nd floor has a great panoramic urban view. · If the internet isn’t working when you stay at this hotel, just go to the beautiful library on the next block where there is free internet and many terminals.	
Mar 26 2008	Worst hotel I've stayed in Chicago!	I stayed here a few years ago, but wanted to warn other TA members about this place. I'm not sure if things have gotten any better, but I don't want to risk finding out. I would never stay here again! Although the hotel was brand new and in a good location, the service was terrible! We should've known when we checked in. There was a woman who was upset because she was taking a shower and other hotel guests had walked in. Well, it turns out that the check-in desk had given them keys to her room thinking it was empty. Eek! Then it was our turn. We had booked a room with confirmed double beds (for four people) and when we showed up they had apparently given all the double-bed rooms away and ran out of rolller beds too. We had to alternate sleeping on the floor. They offered us no compensation except to not charge us for the roller beds when we finally were able to get one! This is not 4-star hotel service for sure! Valet was an additional price (expensive, but that's the norm in Chicago). However, it took them at least 20 minutes to get our car each time! By the third time we needed our car, we learned to call at least 20 minutes in advance from when we wanted to leave.In conclusion, we had a terrible experience here and the staff was not apologetic at all when we expressed our concerns.	
Mar 23 2008	A Good Stay	I have to admit that prior to the trip with my husband, I did quite a bit of research to find a good hotel. I read most of the reviews on TA was was skeptical about Hotel Blake. We were lucky one day to find a great deal for 5 nights and airfare. I thought to give it a chance and hope that our room would come out good.We arrived to the hotel around noon and were told that our room wouldn't be available for another our or so; which was fine considering check in was at 3pm. They were very courteous and pleasant. So, we went around town and came back around 5pm.We were given our keys without any questions/problems. As soon as we got into the room, I had imagined the room to be a little bigger. But, it was nice and clean. We didn't have anything missing, knobs were in place and toilet paper holders were there. The ONLY thing that I found weird were the showers! It was exactly warm outside, and I thought it was strange that there wasn't a curtain or enough glass to encase 2 people. Maybe I'm just used to old fashioned showers. I do no like rain showers anymore!The bellhops were extremely helpful, polite, and memorable.We were always hailed a cab. Housekeepers were always in the hall every morning we left. I guess some people are luckier than others. I would stay here again.	
Mar 10 2008 	Hotel Blake - An Excellent Stay	We stayed at the Hotel Blake for 3 days recently and were quite impressed. Many of the previous reviews left us a bit skeptical prior to our stay, but the price we received was quite good ($109/night) for the area, so we decided to try it for ourselves. The location was excellent, close to most destinations in the Loop area (such as the Chicago Art Institute, for example). In fact, the El has a stop about a block away, so also very easy access to public transportation. The neighborhood also seemed safe Although, there is a sandwich shop, pizza parlor, and Starbucks on the block, we did note that it was a bit difficult to find many restaurants open in the Loop at night, given that this is the really the Financial District and many establishments seem to close around 5pm. Again, however, with the proximity to the El and other trains so close, it was relatively easy to travel to other neighborhoods for dinner in the evening.As for the hotel itself, the lobby upon entry was tastefully decorated with minimalist/modern decor. The check-in procedure was smooth and the front desk personnel were helpful and friendly. Our room was huge and also well-designed and nicely appointed with a king bed, pull-out sofa, two armchairs, large desk, and a wonderfully large bathroom with glass shower. Incidentally, we had friends who were staying at the Hilton a few blocks away and their room was more than twice the price and half the size!It is also worth noting that the cleaning staff was also very good and arrived promptly every morning to change our linens. In general, we would highly recommend this hotel for business or personal travel, particularly for those who prefer quieter, non-high maintenance retreats. We found it very peaceful at the Hotel Blake and were all around very pleased with our stay. We'd definitely consider returning there on future visits to Chicago!	
Feb 13 2008	A very strange hotel	I stayed at the Hotel Blake on New Years' Eve with my partner, and the hotel had a lot of great features- the rooms are big, the bathroom is large, and there was free wi-fi. The hotel is also in a really great area. It's a short cab ride to the West Loop, and steps from the Theater District.But there were a lot of things that were conspicuosly absent - there was no mirror in the main room, and the bathroom outlets did not work. the bathroom was also missing towel bars and a toilet paper holder. I'm not sure if the hotel is under new management, but the combination of great features and conspicuously absent items that even a Motel 6 would have was kind of strange!	
Jan 12 2008 	Good but not great	The Hotel Blake appeared charming yet contemporary when I saw the photos online. It did indeed have that Chicago charm. The room, accented in red, was very contemporary and large. The decor was great and didn't feel like we were in a hotel room. The bed (a king) was very comfortable. The bathroom was huge too with a rainshower head! The staff was also very friendly. My boyfriend and I had bought a bottle of wine for the evening and failed to remember that we did not have a means to open it. They were very nice and sent someone to the room to cork it for us along with a couple of wine glasses. We also arrived over an hour before check in time and were able to check in early.On the other hand, considering the price ($150/night) there were a lot of little weird negatives about the hotel. It was kind of on a sleepy street. The room service menu was pretty meek. The only ice machine was on the 12th floor (we were on the 7th). There was no toliet paper holder...it looked like it had broken off. There was no mini-fridge (to put bottles of water and tea we bring everywhere with us) or desk (not business trip friendly).Overall, it was good but not great. If we had paid a bit less I probably would have been a little less critical of the hotel.	
Jan 2 2008 	lot of potential too bad the upkeep and maintenance stinks	We're frequent visitors to Chicago and were curious to try out this hotel. We got a great winter rate ($99/night). When we checked in in the evening the staff were very pleasant, cheerful and competent. We threw our bags down in our room after a quick once over and went out to meet our friend's new baby. The room was nicely decorated in a modern style and bigger then I expected, with plush furniture and nice window treatments. Sadly we didn't notice the three very large chunks of peeling paint hanging from the shower ceiling or the mildew stains all over the shower floor. The mildew I could live with, but the big (over 6 inches) pieces of paint barely attached to the ceiling really grossed me out. We didn't notice until right before bed, so we thought we'd just ignore it and let them know in the morning when we checked out since they seemed so nice when we checked in. When we were checking out we told the woman behind the desk and she didn't care at all. She didn't apologize for the state of the bathroom and just laughed it off. I wish I had taken pictures, it was that disgusting. Too bad, because the hotel does have a lot of potential.	
Dec 20 2007 	Beats the Hilton!!!	This hotel was simply awesome! When I first arrived, there was only a small wait with a few people ahead of me checking in or out. The only downside to the place was that the desk clerk was always answering the phone while trying to help people checking in and out. The lobby is awesome and has a very modern mood to it. They have a computer in the lobby with internet incase you don't have a laptop with you.The room (216) was wonderful! Nice few of the street/city life below with huge windows to look out and people watch. The room has lifted ceilings and makes the room that much bigger. The bed was amazingly comfortable and the other furniture in the room gave it a great feel. The bathroom was also huge and spacious. It had a waterfall type shower head that made leaving the bathroom just as hard as leaving the soft, warm bed! There is also a great little eatery right next door called &quot;Potbellys&quot; that serves sandwiches and soups etc.Even though the desk clerk was often on the phone, he made up for it everytime we left to go out because he would always ask where we were off too and he would give us great advice or tips on where to go for what we were looking for! He was very kind and helpful...when not on the phone of course! We stayed here for two nights and then went to stay at the Hilton for a night, which turned out to be a bust. Sure the Hilton was all fancied up in the lobby and looked like something out of the movies, but the room which was a junior suite was a bust. It was small and like any holiday inn or red roof room you could find along any highway. I would strongly recommend The Hotel Blake of Chicago as I will be returning this Spring/Summer to stay again!	
Dec 3 2007	Beware! Problems!	Just Google &quot;Nicky O&quot; (as in Nicky Hilton) to read up on why Hotel Blake has had so many bad reviews on TA lately. We stayed there as part of a wedding group with a block of over 30 rooms, and many in our group had stayed at the Blake previously due to its proximity to the bride and groom's place. Other than that, no one had much good to say about the hotel except that the rooms are spacious. The rooms are, in fact, quite spacious. There's no disputing that. But they're also in much disrepair. We had two TP roll holders in our bathroom which were pulled off the wall and laid on the counter. The knobs to the TV armoir were also loose, and the TV itself was a big cathode tube thing circa 1998 with only about 20 channels and HBO. Add to this that we didn't have a dresser in our room; though under the TV, where a mini-bar or drawers *could* have been, was a big empty cavern. All the rooms are different, though I only saw one room with a dresser at all. And definitely no mini-bars. During our four days there, we had our room made up twice and we never received fresh towels, despite calling repeatedly. I did call once and ask for hangers due to the lack of dresser drawers, and fortunately got those. Wifi is available, which is a plus, but it doesn't always work. If you need help, there is a number to call, but you will be informed that they don't support the Blake anymore. I was on the hunt for an ethernet cable and randomly found an unplugged Wifi router under my nightstand. We invited others to come soak up our Wifi. Many people have noted that there is no breakfast offered. This is a huge confusion. The restaurant in the lobby, The Custom House, is not affiliated with the hotel, but yet there's a sign in the elevator which says you can get breakfast there. The Custom House isn't even open for breakfast! Anyway, I guess the structure changed when Ms. Hilton purchased the place and things still haven't been addressed with it. There was a convention in town when we got there and they had donuts and coffee for those folks on the second floor. Despite having over 30 rooms, we had no breakfast, so I'm guessing one of the convention folks set that up themselves. I heard many people ask the front desk about the breakfast and were told to go to Starbucks across the street, which is hilarious, given that Orange is around the corner and awesome. I even overheard one guy saying that when he booked with Expedia it specifically said &quot;breakfast included&quot;, at which point the desk clerk got pissy with him and said Expedia was wrong. We all noted that the front desk staff are stressed out because things are so crazy and management simply seems to be avoiding the problems. The most frustrating thing about the front desk is, however, that they don't answer the phone! In fact, it seems that they avoid the phone altogether. Many people compared notes on calling from inside and outside the place just to see if they could get someone! Like I said though, I managed to get someone on the phone to give me hangers and they actually showed up. The upshot is that the bell men are nice and very attentive, but let's face it, they work on tips. The downer is that they don't have hotel umbrellas. So if it's raining in Chicago, and you ain't got, prepare to go buy one or catch cold. To sum up: This is a nice property in a good location which is rapidly falling apart due to owner neglect. For the amount of money they charge, you can do better. It's a shame.	
Nov 26 2007 	Stay Away	I stayed at this hotel because I found a reasonable internet rate for what was supposed to be a quality hotel, and the location was great for mt personal 5 day discovery tour of Chicago. Unfortunately I had such overwhelming problems during my stay, that I had to check out after 2 nights and find another hotel. My major issue was with the bathroom, which may have been partially designed to be handicapped accessable or was using the new concept of a &quot;wet&quot; room. Anyways it was all marble (synthetic?) with no lip around the shower area. There was a drain in the shower area as well as in the middle of the room, and I think the water was supposed to drain out in the shower area. Instead it spread accross the floor to the other drain and when I stepped out from the shower area, I immediately slipped and fell on my butt.When I contacted the Front Desk they had no concern about my fall and no understanding of my problem. Eventually they sent a housekeeper and I thought I would get some help cleaning up, but she could not speak English and appeared to be mad at me for all the water on the bathroom floor. I finally grabbed a bunch of towels from her cart and mopped up the mess myself. Later I asked if the drains had been cleared and if some shower mats had been placed in my room, but no one seemed to know about my problem. The next day I went out into the hallway and grabbed extra towels off one of the housekeeping carts so that I had a nice soggy floorcovering which was not slippery and was somewhat safer, if still unpleasant.. Then I was forced to go outside the hotel once again, on a cool and grey morning, to grab some breakfast at the local unfriendly diner because the hotel had no breakfast in spite of the posters in the elevator. I realized as I came back into the hotel, that the lobby had the same marble as the bath, and it struck me that with the possibilty of rain later that day, that I could probably slip and fall once again, as the floor was quite uneven. The prospect of another scary shower and scavaging for more towels, as well as the thought of going out again in bad weather to even get a cup of coffee, led me to check out immediately. I ended up at the Chicago Hilton, which also had a reasonable rate, and had functional bathrooms as well as food! In fact the location was even more ideal and I was quite impressed by their great service, as well as the great quality of my room.	
Nov 12 2007 	Don't Even Bother!	This was THE worst hotel I have ever stayed at in my entire life.I was on a trip with a few friends from work during Chicago's WONDERFUL St. Patrick's Day festivies. However, the Hotel Blake put a major damper on one of the best times I had in Chicago.Note: We called the morning the day we were to check in to inform the hotel that we would be arriving very late. However, one of my co-workers had a confirmation number and they assured us that this was not a problem. WRONG! We had a group of 4 men and 3 women and booked enough rooms to accomidate for this. When we arrived at the hotel at approximately 11:00pm, we were informed that there were NO ROOMS AVAILABLE. We were all in disbelief that this could even happen! We told the woman helping us who we had spoken to, and she said that she had already left for the day. To say the least we were all furious! After about 1 hour of complaining they handed us 2 key cards. We ended up with 2 rooms each with only ONE KING SIZED BED!!! They did not offer to move us to a different room when available, but made us simply &quot;make due&quot; with what they had given us, or lose out on our money. A refund was out of the question to them. Not only did our rooms not accomidate us, but down the hall there was a MASSIVE water pool (perhaps from bathtub leakage above). The water remained there for the 3 nights we stayed there. Nobody ever came to clean it up, and the housekeeping attendance mearly &quot;worked around it.&quot;They were very rude to us when we checked out, literally throwing our paper receipts to us. They said nothing about inconveniencing us, no apologies were made, no discounts were given.I found only 2 good things about this hotel:1. The decor was very pretty2. There's a Starbucks on the corner (but you could have that at just about any hotel in Chicago!!!)SIDE NOTE: Personally, my family is a stickler for things being AAA recommended -- this hotel was NOT! NEVER STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!	
Nov 12 2007 	Disappointed in the Blake	I normally stay at a specific business hotel in Chicago, but, due to conventions in town, I had no choice but the Blake ($450/night!).For that price, my expections were not met. Problems encountered incuded:1. Grime on window frames discovered (on hands) when I had to shut a window that had been left open. Other areas in the room (e.g., closet) were also not clean. 2. Wireless internet connection did not work. When I called the &quot;877&quot; number for tech support as indicated, I was told that the tech support service no longer has a service contract with the hotel. I used the ethernet connection on the modem, which was on the nightstand - not the desk!3. While signs in the elevators noted that breakfast was served in the restaurant associated with the hotel, it was, in fact, not open for breakfast.4. Room was on second floor overlooking alley behind the hotel. Garbage service and deliveries late at night and early in the morning were quite noisy.5. For a property that has been open for about a year, there appearred to be general maintenance issues. For example, the curtain hangers were loose; base moldings were broken and crown moldings had separated.6. When I checked out, I asked for a check-out statement. I was told that, since I had no incidental charges (room was booked and paid for through hotels.com), such a statement was not available.Based upon the issues noted above, the Blake will be near the bottom, if not off the list, of my choice of hotels in Chicago.	
Nov 3 2007 	Classy. Convenient. Courteous	Hotel Blake provided a beautiful, classy and cozy base for my 3day, inaugural visit to Chicago.Initially, I had reserved a room at a hotel closer to Midway airport but decided to switch to the Blake because of its convenient position in Chicago's Loop. We were able to take the Orange Line El train from Midway to LaSalle station which was 2 blocks from the hotel! Now that is an affordable airport transfer ($2.00).Staying at Blake was a wise decision. The room was absolutely immaculate. The bed was arguably the most comfortable I've experienced in my travels. The concierge was knowledgable and friendly. My companion and I were able to walk to all the restaurants and sites we had on our itinerary including: Shedd Aquarium, Chicago Institute, Sears Tower, Berghoff restaurant, Lake Michigan waterfront, Millenium Park, Magnificent Mile and Navy Pier.I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a posh atmosphere, convenient location and safe neighborhood.	
Nov 3 2007	Worst Experience-Don't be fooled by pretty pictures!	Save yourself the agony! Hotel Blake in Chicago looks like an upscale modern hotel with all the up-to-date stylings and amenities any traveler could want. If your planning a trip to Chicago don't step one foot near this disheveled mess. As soon as we walked off the elevator we had a problem; the smell of an unidentified object lingered throughout the hallway for three days. Our room was missing a light bulb (that we still have yet to receive) our poor toilet paper dispenser looked as if it was ripped out of the wall and the sound of a jack hammer was coming through our vent. To make matters worse no one answers the phone! I have complained to several people (when they finally did answer) and a manager has yet to rectify the situation or let alone call me back. Oh and that great restaurant that pops up on the first page also doesn't exist. I guess that's just there for show. Spend the extra money and go to the &quot;W&quot; - It'll be money well spent. If you see this place RUN FAST!	
Oct 26 2007 	Lovely hotel	We stayed at the Hotel Blake for 4 nights and had a fantastic time, the staff were really friendly and helpful, the room was immaculate and the bed so, so comfy!We were not aware of any street noise (as mentioned in previous reviews) and the hotel is in a great location.Would recommend this hotel to any one!	
Oct 19 2007 	Beware of The Blake!	Seven of us arrived at the Blake for a three day stay. Even though we confirmed reservations three days prior to our stay when we arrived they would not give us rooms. They indicated that they overbooked by thirty people! The hotel they wanted to send us to was next to a landfill! They claimed it was only 20min from downtown Chicago.. maybe 20 min without traffic considerations!The hotel manager would not come out of the office to talk to us.. and did not return any calls by our travel agent. We were promised rooms two days later and again they didn't have any. While waiting they told us that everyone else who was to come in that day was also going to be refused a room... Ten minutes later a man came in and they registered him. When I questioned it, they told me it was difficult to explain.. I've traveled in my job for 20 years.. I've never been so inconvenience before.	
Oct 18 2007 	Unique Hotel In Good Location	We found this hotel when looking for 6 rooms while attending a conference. We were a little late booking, but they still had very favorable rates. I was very pleased with the service at the hotel as they accomodated both special packages arriving and special room requests without hesitation. It is within walking distance of everything you want to see in Chicago and it's easy to get to from the L. My only complaint was that the rooms needed a second light on the same side of the bed as the alarm clock. It was a little dark working at night with just the hall light and one bed side light. I would definitely stay again.	
Oct 14 2007	Hotel Blake is on the decline and not a boutique hotel	Outside the Hotel Blake is a sign saying that this is a historic building. That means it has a historic ventilation system. It was one of the first Hyatt hotels, and it shows. It also may be up for sale or condo conversion, and as a result, things are not being fixed or attended to.Their website proclaims to be a boutique hotel, but really this hotel is a little below a Crowne Plaza. It has free wireless, but the desk in my room did not have a phone on it. The mattress was good, but the towels were thread bare. If you wanted a bathrobe, you had to call and ask for it. The sink didn't have a stopper. The shower has no bathtub and no door. The room smelled of smoke even though the hotel is supposedly non-smoking. in our 3 night stay, the towels and wastebaskets in the fitness center were not replaced/emptied. The doors are very lightweight, so people in the hallway can hear conversations in the room. Bathroom noise carries through the bathroom walls.The first room they gave me was claustrophobic, maybe 200 sq ft with just enough room for a queen bed and a desk. When I complained, they gave me a room (513) at double the size but had smoke smell in the walls. Both rooms I tried had very small windows, so there was very little natural light. No frig, and ice is only on the 12th floor. Windows were single pane, so street noise came through loud and clear, early every morning. The fitness center equipment was broken or very old.But back to the ventilation system... Heat and cold air comes from a central system. The room thermostat only turns on the fan to bring that air into the room. If the central system is running air conditioning, that's all your room will get.And the day I got there, they said the hotel restaurant was no longer serving breakfast, just lunch and dinner.So have I just described a boutique hotel? I think not...	
Oct 13 2007 	Delightful hotel in downtown Chicago	I stayed in this hotel with a friend, early October 2007. The hotel had a special offer (5th night free) that made it an easy choice, compared to hotels of similar price or quality. The 3.5 star is underrated in my opinion, this hotel has nearly everything a 5 star hotel has as well.Only downside was the breakfast - there was none. But enough places to have breakfast just around the corner. Location is good, a bit south of the centre but still downtown. 2 subway stations nearby.If not for the special rate, you could maybe find a same price/quality hotel within the loop or the magnificent mile but for this trip, I couldn't have wished for anything better.	
Oct 11 2007	stole our money didn't follow up	Four 30-something girls traveled to Chicago for a concert and stayed here because of location. Things were fine until we stopped for gas on the way home. We pooled gas money and put the extra in the console. We valeted the car and enjoyed the concert. The next day, halfway home, we stopped for gas. Our money was gone.We should not have left it there - we just forgot about it. It was around $50. I immediately called the hotel, I spoke to the Valet Manager. He said he would see who was working the previous night, investigate and get back to me. Of course he never did and my calls went unreturned.We'll not be back. The hotel itself was fine. No complaints.	
Oct 5 2007 	Comfortable Stay	I had a comfortable stay. I arrived late and my room was waiting for me. Unfortunately, it was a room where the door had been removed from the bathroom and it was next to the elevator lobby and for some reason the hotel has overly loud almost rap-like music playing in the elevator lobbies 24-hours a day. I could hear it in my room and even though it was 1:00 a.m., I thought it would keep me awake. I called the desk and the gentleman who had just checked me in had no problem moving me to another larger available room because of these problems. I actually preferred the first room, though because instead of two beds it had a nice comfy chair. Second Room was missing the toilet paper dispenser. View from the first room was of the nearby landmark library and from the second was the Sears Tower. Bathrooms were large with rain showerheads. Beds were extremely comfortable. There was a stain on the duvet that resembled blood. I mentioned it to the housekeeper and she replaced it when she cleaned my room. It was over 100 degrees when I was there and the hotel's AC worked fine. One thing I would suggest to improve the room would be to add a mini-frig. Location of the hotel was good. I had no trouble walking to the attractions I wanted to see, but it is definitely not in the center of the downtown area.	
Sep 28 2007	Horrible Experience	I booked 3 nights at Hotel Blake for my friends through Expedia website. The charge was on my credit card. However three days after my friend left Hotel Blake, he found his credit card was also charged with same amount. Nobody contacted him or me for this mistake which cost him around extra $600 USD. My friend and I went to Hotel Blake receiption for explanation, the staff was soooo rude and impatient. His name is Chris. He made the mistake and even teased us by saying: Wow, you really need this $600 dollars, poor you! We got really angry.I tried to talk with Hotel Blake's manager, but they were helpless. They asked me to deal with Chris only because it was him who did this mistake. My friend and I were really really disappointed. We will NEVER book Hotel Blake again!Wish all travelers to be careful of your bills when checking out!!	
Sep 22 2007 	Hotel Blake -- painful experience	Booked 2 months in advance, reconfirmed two days before my stay -- got to the hotel and was told that they overbooked by 30+ people! Traveled with a group of six others for a convention in the downtown Chicago area, and we were all told that were we going to be sent to another hotel 30min outside of downtown. We were in the city for a three day convention, two of which days were overbooked at the Hotel Blake -- the most unprofessional hotel experience I have ever experienced.	
Sep 15 2007 	could be great but isnt yet	We had high expections for the Blake - some of them were met - the rooms and decor were stylish, attractive, comfortable - definitely well above average and I liked the nabe, but there were disappointing lapses. It seems to me the Blake is trying to deliver the amenities of an upscale chain but to also provide an individual flavor. The attractive individual flavor and comfort were there but there were annoying issues in maintenance and staff training , which I guess might have been dealt with in a chain hotel. Im thinking of a broken AC fan, which made a noise like a jet - we had to call the desk to figure out how to turn it off, a leaky faucet in the bathroom that left a pool of water on the lovely stone vanity, veneer damage that had not been repaired on the attractive furniture and a missing pull in our son's room, towells that were not replenished, WIFI down in the rooms, and some staff that were, to my taste, inappropriately informal in behavior. Others might have liked that last. I hope the Blake has been able to address some of these.	
Sep 14 2007	Great location...pleasant stay!	My husband and I went to Chicago for Labor Day weekend. We love music and architecture and have been wanting to go for a long time. Many of the hotels I tried to book downtown were super expensive. I ran across Hotel Blake on Priceline and then called the hotel to book a room. The listing price on the website was 499.00 a night but w/ my AAA rate it was 151.00 a night. I was hooked!Looking at photos of the hotel doesn't do justice. This boutique hotel is very modern and chic. The wood is a dark stained wood throughout the hotel and the lobby is gorgeous. We checked in around 3pm and the help was very nice and informative. Check in did take a little extra time as they only had me staying one night, when I reserved two nights. I showed them my reservation confirmation and it was fixed (another reason I ALWAYS print it out). We went up to the room and was very happy. It was beautiful and very modern w/ tall ceilings. The bathroom was a bit small. There is no shower curtain..just a small piece of glass that is decorated like many foreign hotels. The bed was super soft and nice! Had a high thread sheet count and feather down comforter and pillows. All in all we were very happy, especially with the location being right near the Loop. I would definitely stay here again as it was in my price range and everything was great!	
Sep 6 2007 	Very chic and comfortable!	My co-worker and I stayed at the Blake for 2 nights while we were attending a class downtown. We really enjoyed our stay at the Blake. The rooms were a very nice size for a downtown hotel, and the bathroom was huge! The beds had high thread count sheets and very comfy duvets, and the room had a very modern, chic decor. We didn't use the workout room at all, but it looked very clean, with a lot of newer equipment.	
Aug 27 2007	extremely pleasant stay	Spent the weekend at the Blake and will be going back. We got to Chicago in the morning and since our room was available, we got to check in several hours before the normal time. Our room was on the first floor facing the front (Dearborn). There was some noise from the street but not enough to bother us. In fact, it was nice to look out the window and see the activity on the street. Everything in the room worked perfectly and the room was clean. The personnel were very helpful and courteous. We did not eat at the Custom House because it is fairly expensive, but you are not far from other restaurants and don't miss Orange around the corner for breakfast or lunch. Since this is a small hotel, it also felt safe and secure and I enjoyed staying somewhere besides the Magnificent Mile, yet being close to everything. I will certainly be back to the Hotel Blake.	
Aug 21 2007 	Good experience at the Blake	I spent two nights at the Blake. All of the employees were nice and the room was great. (I was on the 11th floor...facing the Dearborn St.) I also liked the location. I had a friend staying at the Hilton on Michigan Avenue and it was only a five-minute walk.It was also easy to walk to the Loop, with lots of cool places to eat.This was the best price I found for the weekend I was in Chicago (Sat/Sun nights). The TV in the room didn't work. When I called the front desk they said the engineering dept. had gone home for the night and cheerfully deducted some money from my nightly rate for that night. I was quite impressed. The TV was fixed the next day.I think that some of the negative reviews are because the hotel's website make it sound like all of the rooms have very high ceilings and other amenities. I think it's only the suites that have them. Sloppy wording on the hotel's part.The only issues were that the room would small a bit musty when I walked it, but the smell would go away. I think it was from the humidity in the bathroom since there doesn't seem to be a fan to dissipate the steam. Also, it would be nice if they had more then one computer in the business center, even thought the people using it were more than happy to give it up if they saw that others were waiting for it.For the right price this is a great place to stay. It's also across from the main Chicago library, close to subways and Michigan Avenue.	
Aug 15 2007 	Excellent service and amenities	Stayed there after a wedding reception. Excellent service and amenities. Highly recommended. The mattresses are wonderful.	
Aug 13 2007 	I'll be back	Location was great for me, as my son lives around the corner! Nice little neighborhood area, lots of pubs, restaurants, theatre district nearby. I was a bit concerned after reading some of the reviews, and our initial reception wasn't very friendly, as we waited for over 30 minutes for valet parking. Couldn't seem to get anyone's attention to leave the car. But adter that, it was a very nice experience and I will stay there again. Concierges were super, room was lovely and well-appointed. Only complaint about room was the feather pillows- I don't like them, asked for firmer pillow, but the maid brought more puffly pillows. Bring your own if you like a firmer one! But the bed was very firm, super comfortable. Cool-lloking lobby, friendly staff, good value for the price. I'll stay again for sure.	
Aug 1 2007 	Best Hotel in ever stayed in!	Hotel Blake is my favorite hotel! Best stay I ever had! Great service! I will definitely check out Custom House Restaurant (inside the Blake) when I come back to Chicago. I heard they won several awards and are one of the top restaurants in the city.Enjoy!	
Jul 22 2007	Wonderful Experience	We checked in to the Hotel Blake this afternoon and so far I have been thrilled with the experience. It has been absolutely wonderful. Our King room is large with three huge windows allowing lots of light to float into the room. The bathroom is expansive with granite countertops and double sinks. The room is very chic with crown molding, high ceilings, and cool decor. There is a business center available 24/7 as is the clean, expansive fitness center. The hotel is situated near everything. I'm so happy that I chose Hotel Blake.	
Jul 22 2007	Great Loop hotel around corner from Blue and Red lines	This is a great boutique hotel in the Chicago theater district. We stayed there for a week in July 2007. It's six blocks west of South Michigan Avenue and perpendicular to the Art Institute and Millenium Park. The Blue Line from O'Hare dumps at the LaSalle Street station, just a block from the Blake. The Red Line, which runs up and down State parallel to Michigan Avenue and will take you to Cubs and Sox games, is a block away at Harrison Street station. You also can catch buses to the museums and anywhere else along State Street. The hotel is in an old building that has been recently renovated. The standard rooms (we had a double queen) are of regular size and nicely appointed. We have stayed at the InterContinental Chicago before, and these rooms had a similiar feel. The air and heat is good. The bathrooms are sizeable, new, clean, and well finished out. There was a safe in our room, but no fridge. The hotel has a small fitness center with big windows overlooking the street. The hotel has no pool. Free USA Todays are available at the front desk. The housekeeping service is consistently good. The front desk staff is friendly, efficient, and knowledgeable on local restaurants and how to get around on the CTA trains and buses. We got this hotel for somewhere around $140 on hotels.com, but the rack rate is higher than that. It's a great value for the money. We visit Chicago for fun once a year, and have always stayed on North Michigan, where the rates easily can run $250-$300. We opted for the Loop this time to try something different, see if we could get our price down, and be closer to the Museum Complex for our six-year-old daughter. It's a great hotel if you're in Chicago for business in the financial district or the courthouses, a convention in the Loop, or a family outing concentrated on the South Michigan Avenue attractions and museums. You'll also get a completely different feel for the city by staying in the Loop. If you intend to spend all your time on North Michigan, it might still be worth it for the hotel savings, but you'll have to endure a bit of a schlep on the CTA, on foot, or in cabs. Some nits: 1) we noticed there's a lot more street noise in the Loop than on North Michigan (sirens, trade vehicles loading and unloading); 2) the hotel has free in-room Internet, but if you need to use the business center, it only has one PC, which is usually busy in the mornings; and 3) the restaurant offerings are noticeably fewer in the Loop area compared to North Michigan. The hotel has a good restaurant called the Custom House, and other noteworthy nearby restaurants are Orange and Edwardo's pizzeria. Compared to North Michigan, there are ample nearby opportunities to grab quick, cheap breakfast, lunch and dinner at places like Panera's bread, Potbelly's, Subway, Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts, etc. You can put together a quick picnic with a baguette from Panera's and cold cuts, etc. from the White Hen grocery that's a block from the hotel. The White Hen also sells beer and wine.	
Jul 11 2007 	Chic but slightly disappointing	I recently stayed at Hotel Blake for a conference in downtown Chicago. The hotel's location is great...everything is accessible. The rate was quite high, but this was typical of all hotels during this period--several conferences at the same time. The hotel itself was chic, albeit quite dark overall. The lobby was not terribly comfortable or inviting. A major disappointment was the lack of any high speed internet access in our room--it was down for repairs for an entire week, which I found unacceptable. They did have one computer and one ethernet cable in the business center, but I always had to wait to use either connection. On the plus side, use of the printer in the business center was free for guests. Also, I was completely unable to get Verizon wireless service in my 6th floor room...I had to go out to the sidewalk to make any calls.The mattresses were comfortable, but the linens were not the quality you would expect from this level of hotel. The bathroom, however, was exquisite--very large, with two sinks set into a large marble vanity, and a wonderful, elegant shower (no tub, if that's something you're looking for). The complementary toiletries were also quite nice--lotion, shampoo, conditioner, body wash, and large bars or soap, all from Bed Bath and Beyond. The view from my room (and most, I gather) was horrible--the worn stone side of the neighboring building. The hotel is shorter than the surrounding buildings, and is flanked on all sides, diminishing the views. Finally, the hallways echoed horribly and the doors seemed to slam constantly, causing me to wake up several nights at around 2 or 3 AM. If you're looking for a chic hotel that is all about image, go for Hotel Blake, but don't expect to be terribly comfortable, except when you're taking a shower!	
Jul 2 2007 	Very Nice Boutique Hotel	We booked a Thurs. to Sat. stay at Hotel Blake and got a very good rate of $149/night through their website. All in all we enjoyed our stay. The hotel is on a busy street, and convenient walking distance to Grant Park, Michigan Ave., etc. The décor is trendy boutique, and the rooms are very spacious. We had a king room, with a fold-out sofa bed. A few pros and cons:Cons: We were on the 5th floor, and heard a lot of traffic noise on S. Dearborn St. every night. I’d suggest requesting a higher floor.Our main door (room 506) didn’t close all the way, and we had to pull it shut when coming &amp; going.There weren’t many towels in our king room, however the housekeeper readily supplied us with more towels.The toilet flush was extremely loud &amp; foreceful.We couldn't adjust the room temperature adequately, it was either too warm or too cold.A few light bulbs were missing in the lamps.Pros: Great location in the South Loop, walkable to Grant Park, Millenium Park, the Library, and the Art Institute of Chicago, etc.Very nice décor in the lobby and rooms, cool music was piped in by the elevators.Front desk personnel were very friendly &amp; helpful, especially Jesse the doorman.The fitness room was spacious, and the equipment up-to-date.There was free internet access in the lobby.Our bathroom had a long counter with 2 sinks, and a large rainfall showerhead.We didn’t eat at the in-house restaurant Custom House, nor did we order room service (both were rather pricey) but Edwardo’s across the street was reasonably-priced &amp; good, and there is a Potbelly Sandwich shop next door, as well as a Starbucks on the corner.All in all a very good hotel. We will be staying there again next month.	
Jun 27 2007 	Good location for art institute and symphony	We stayed at the Blake for two nights. The Magnificent Mile area is a better location for shopping and restaurants, but we were in Chicago for the symphony, so the location was great for us - only about a ten minute walk.Definitely try the restaurant &quot;Orange&quot; for breakfast, just around the corner from the Blake. Huge selection of breakfasts and fresh juices in a fun, casual atmosphere. The only thing I didn't like was the magazine they had in the room. On the cover was a stripper and the magazine was about where to go for nightlife. Guess they are aiming for a clientele other than families.	
Jun 25 2007 	Nice Stay at The Blake	I had to attend a business trip to Chicago and my boss made my hotel arrangements at the Hotel Blake. After reading all the reviews here at Tripadvisor (good and bad) I really had no expectations. I was pleasantly surprised! GASP! Here is the low down:Prior to arrival I had called the Hotel Blake to get a reccomendation of a car service to pick me up at the airport. Alison at the front desk was professional and effecient. She took care of all my arrangements. Once I arrived at the Hotel Blake, there was no doorman. This didn't bother me, I am just relaying it to those who may care about such things. The front desk staff was friendly and checked me in quickly. My king room, #902, was lovely. The bed was comfortable. I loved the rainhead shower. Though, once you stepped away from the shower head you could get a little chilly. The bathroom did need a fan to help with the steam everywhere. There was no tv or phone in the bathroom as it states on the room description. No big deal there either. I encounter one problem in that my safe was locked closed when I arrived, I called the front desk and said I would need it fixed. I was told Maintenace was on their way up. I proceded to finish packing and still no maintenance. I had to meet some clients in the bar downstairs and could no longer wait so I called the front desk, told them to cancel the request for right now and that I'll call again in the morning. I put the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign out and headed to Custom House (more on Custom House in a moment). I returned to my room, a few hours later to find that the safe was open. Maintenance had still come up to my room and entered with the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign on the door. This did not please me. I called the front desk, they rapidly took the complaint and apologized. I then received a call from the Manager apologizing for the mix up. I can understand why some folks have a problem with Housekeeping. I knew going in, after reading the reviews here, that I should call and make sure I have my room cleaned first thing in the morning. The first morning there I forgot to take my own advice! LOL I left my room around 9am and returned around 4pm only to find it still not cleaned. ARGH! Housekeeping then knocked on my door a moment later and then cleaned the room. The next morning I called and requested Housekeeping to come early, problem solved.The hotel was sold out but I never lacked for an elevator. Front desk always there, helpful and friendly. The doormen were there sporaticly.  Custom House was very nice. I enjoyed cocktails there on two nights. Apetizers the first. There are some great dining options within walking distance of the hotel. Orange for breakfast, Hackney's for lunch or dinner. You'll see folks walking their dogs and some restaurant patios are dog friendly.I would stay at the Hotel Blake again. Do what I did, learn from these reviews and be proactive, ie: call when leaving for housekeeping to come up ASAP. I'd give the Hotel Blake 3.5 stars.	
Jun 25 2007 	Don't be scared off by the negative reviews.	I was looking for a little weekend getaway with the boy and stumbled on Hotel Blake. After reading the bad reviews I was a little hesitant, but, since I was just staying for one night, I figured it was worth trying. I'm glad I booked a room there - the hotel is modern and fantastic. Our room was HUGE with tall ceilings, the bathroom was very large (no tub, but a huge walk-in shower), the bed was incredibly comfortable, and we had a beautiful view from our 5th floor room. We parked on the street overnight for free (no charge after 9PM on Saturday and free all day Sunday) which was MUCH nicer than paying $40 for hotel parking. (Other days, there are plenty of parking ramps and lots around there, too, to avoid paying full-price for parking.)As you can see on their web site ([--]), they are very nicely situated for all sorts of activities and events.Best of all, there were a few fantastic independent bookstores at the end of the street. (Great for us nerdy types.) They weren't absolutely pristine in the details, but they were close enough for me, and I'm pretty picky. (e.g., The toilet handle broke, but they got an engineer to our room to fix it while we were at dinner.)All in all, I thought the hotel was lovely. I'd definitely stay there again.	
Jun 15 2007 	Blech Hotel - luxury? I think not	Stayed at the Blake hotel for three days this month. Having stayed many times in Chicago, I wanted to try a different hotel (usually stay at the Sofitel or the W). Chicago was pretty booked that week so the reviews from the Blake were reassuring and wereally looked forward to the trip.Well, so much for truth in advertising. Where to begin? The service can't be faulted as there wasn't any. Their website talks of a choice of daily newspapers. Your choice is USA Today (or as we refer to it - McNews). But the best partt was, after seeing no paper outside our door, I went downstairs and was told I'd have to pick it up from the front desk. I requested that it be delivered and the dead-eyed receptionist just shrugged and walked away. The next day, a zombie who relieved the dead-eyed guard told me they could get me a newspaper if I wanted one. This was as I had one from the Starbucks across the street under my arm. I requested one for the next day. Never received one unsurprisingly.Three requests to have the room cleaned were met with a very kurt &quot;well the next shift will be there soon - there's a convention in town&quot;. Every time the room was &quot;serviced&quot; there was of course something missing - no coffee or too few towels, etc. We alerted the rather annoyed front desk manager that there had been a room service tray in our hallway for over 8 hours and it was finally removed. 2 hours later.The room itself was not what we booked. When I booked it I expected one of the suites listed on their website. They have no suites I was told when I checked in. The rate was exorbitant for the size room we received. In response I got one of their patented shrugs. I asked to speak with the manager. She shrugged again and said she wasn't sure when he'd get there. &quot;He drops in&quot;.The best part of this stay were the doormen who seemed genuinely embarrassed by the lack of services. That was when there was a doorman. It looks like they're cutting back on services as teice we arrived at night and there was no one to be found in the lobby. No doorman, no desk service. At one point we sat there just to see how long it would take to have someone show up. After a half an hour the novelty wore off. If anyone's in the market for some white vases, stop by the Blake after 10 and they're yours for the taking. Anyone in the market for good service and good value, steer clear of this two star rip-off.	
Jun 8 2007	Hotel Blake -- Great Hotel Great Neighborhood	Don't let the earlier review saying the area is dicey sway you. It is in the middle of downtown Chicago, which is a big city. If you're not used to being in a city, everywhere will seem dicey if you stay there more than a couple of hours.I lived in the area for years and it was just listed as the hottest new neighborhood in Chicago. It's far more residential than the loop, so you'll see people with baby carriages and their dogs on a Saturday, which isn't something you'll see further north. It's off the beaten path a bit, which is a big plus for me because I don't have to fight a crowd of 800 people when I walk out the door. It's quick walking distance from Grant Park (and the nicest hotel you'll find anwhere near Grant Park, I'd argue)This hotel is an excellent boutique hotel. It is a boutique hotel though, so don't expect the type of stay you'd get at a holiday inn or a &quot;corporate hotel&quot;. It's modern, which means it has an open shower (yes that part is true), but that has a rain head shower head. If you know how to use it, you'll appreciate the luxury of it. If you're a &quot;splasher&quot; you will definately get water in the room, so it may not be for you. There are no muffins or pastries, but I'd definately recommend Orange for breakfast which is just around the corner. Plus there are three or four lovely brunch places within walking distance.Chicago is a walking city, so keep in mind that if you stay here, you're best bet is probably to walk everywhere.I'd highly recommend the Blake.	
May 23 2007 	Great time @ 413	Before I travel to Chicago I was really scare about what I read on some web pages about the bad time they have.I have to say it was a really nice experience and I can recommend to everyone goes to Chicago stays there, they didn’t say but metro station is just two blocks and also all busses stops are really close.My room 413 was an exceptional room, I slept like a baby!!! All was clean and was OK.My only complains are only about food menu in morning during breakfast and add more TV channels.I have pics of my room and, you can e-mail me if you have any doubt @ hara_45040@yahoo.com.Nice place to stay!!!	
May 19 2007	Big Disappointment	For the money we spent, we were greatly disappointed. The king sized bed is really two single beds. The shower is designed so that there is no enclosure, thereby getting the floor wet easily. The floors were marble without mats, thus making the wet bathroom floor dangerous. Worse part of all, there is no separate heat and a/c control. Like my old cheap appartment, the management decides when to put the heat or a/c on. We were chiilly at night Instead of being in front of the bed, the TV was set off to the side of the room. The room dimensions are odd. Other than the above mentioned disappointments, the ammenities resembled a nice 3 star hotel. The staff are friendly and the location is ideal. For the money we expected a luxury hotel. I	
May 2 2007 	Bye Bye Tub!	When I first entered my room at the Blake, located conveniently near 2 El stops, I was pleasantly surprised to see a lovely, large room with a marble BR. Oops, when getting ready for long, leisurely hot tub bath, I noticed that the tub was missing!! I called the desk and asked about getting a room with a tub and they said--no tubs in the hotel, except on the first floor. I had only one choice of room--over the dumpsters on the first floor. At 4:30am each morning I had close encounters with the smash, banging, clanging, even on Saturday. As I was paying full room price, I asked if it was possible to get a complimentary continental breakfast each AM. No, was the response, we don't do that. For $16, I had to battle with room service to give me both coffee and OJ on the continental. &quot;You have choice of only one&quot;. The pastries were delicious, though.Also, I must say that housekeeping was superb, kind and accomodating. Front desk staff need to work on their smiles.	
Apr 30 2007 	Nice but terrible high-speed internet connection.	We stayed at the Hotel Blake for two nights during a visit to Chicago last month. Overall, the place was very nice. Our room was very large with a very large bathroom. There was ample space to sit and relax, and the down bedding on the king-size bed was wonderful. However, one of the main reasons for booking here was the &quot;complimentary high speed internet&quot; which is necessary for my boyfriend and I when traveling as he is an editor and works from home. The internet connection was very slow and disconnected every couple of seconds, making it impossible to get any work done. We called for assistance and they said they would have the problem remidied within a few hours, but that never happened.Also, parking for this hotel was $39 per day. There is a public parking structure right down the street (a very easy walk) that offers overnight parking for half the price.	
Apr 18 2007	Don´t call anyone from Blake	Here it goes a very bad situation about a fast stay I had in Hotel DRake on April 5th. I had to make an overseas call which endured 4 minutes, no longer than that. I was charged 35 dollars for the first dial, which was not concluded because no one answered the phone, and 63 dollars for the second one. There were no signs showing that the hotel had the worst telephone rate in America ( if you doubt, check bellsouth.com)When I was charged, on the checkout, I asked the front desk lady to make sure it was our apartment, because there were two calls listed. She was very rude to us and did nothing about it but charge us. She told me to write a note to the manager, but no answer or explanation ever came. We were very disapointed for being treated like &quot;oh, you don´t know how things are expensive in America&quot;. In fact I know how things are FAIR in America, for I have lived in Detroit for quite a while. I also know that in Saint Paul, MN, two days before, we paid 16 dollars for a 13 minutes call made from our hotel room as well. The call costed us almost as much as the stay, which will never happen again. Oh, talking about the hotel: images in the internet may look better than they really are. Plus: breakfast is very expensive - be aware!Milena e Joao Pitella JuniorStayed in Hotel Drake - Chicago (IL)From April 5th to April 6th and will no longer come back!	
Apr 12 2007	Hotel Blake	Overpriced, and the surrounding area is a bit dicey, as we found out.I suggest you find something cheaper, cleaner and safer by looking a couple of blocks north.Also, the air filter in the rooms was filthy and they don't serve coffee or muffins (which I missed).Only highlight was the Custom House restaurant, but I would never stay at this hotel ever again.	
Mar 29 2007 	Excellent hotel and location - Recommended	Hi,We stayed at the hotel from March 9th till 17th. Once we got at the reception, the lady saw that we were going to stay for 8 nights and she said: &quot;You are going to stay long with us, therefore I will give you one of our nicest rooms&quot;. That was indeed true. The room was big,very clean with well known optionals, like iPOD station and wireless included.The staff is very friendly and helpfull, we asked for information on a grill &amp; bar at walking distance and they did recommend a good one called &quot;Blackies&quot;, 5 min. walk. One day, we wanted to print something, we asked at the receptionist for possibilities and he toldus we could use their &quot;business center&quot; in the lobby, there is a PC and a printer, we could print whatever we needed to and for free!Location is very good, Blue and Red Lines are 3 min. walk. I may sound too enthusiastic guys, but I have been visiting hundreds of hotels in my life, including 5 stars, none of them offered the service and kindness of Blake hotel. Hotel Blake rules!Enjoy your staying.	
Mar 12 2007	A Pleasant Surprise!	What a nice surprise. I had booked this hotel through [----] with a bit of apprehension given some of the reviews but got a good price and decided to chance it. I'm glad I did. The hotel is conveniently located :2 blks from the Blue Line, 2 blocks from the Red Line, and 2 blocks from the elevated loop trains. It was easy to get to from O'Hare, and we never had to take a cab anywhere we wanted to go. It's located across from the Public Library (the gargoyles on the roof of the library made it easy to re-orient yourself when you got off the subway) near the Publisher Row section of Downtown in a failry quiet area. There is not a lot of restaurants or clubs in the area but you can easily head to other parts of the loop to find what you want.The room was large compared to most Chicago hotels, nicely decorated with a WONDERFULLY comfortable bed! The marble bathroom was large with a large step in shower with great water pressure, hot water, and a &quot;rain shower &quot; shower head, so I didn't miss not having a tub at all. The free wireless internet was a plus. If there was one thing that kept this hotel from being perfect it was that housekeeping did not do our room until late in the afternoon. The room was immaculate as was the bathroom both upon arrival and throughout our stay. We did not eat at the Custom House (the restaurant on-site) but saw a lot of locals coming and going at dinner time, which I take as an endorsement. The pizza restaurant across the street is good, and we also stumbled upon the Plymouth Restaurant 2 blooks away. It's casual, not much to look at but with great prices, large and varied menu, and good food and open for breakfast through dinner. My steak dinner with fresh steamed veggies, baked potato and greek salad was $15! After having stayed at the W, the Chicago Hitlon, The Swissotel, and Hotel Allegro this is now at the top of our list. The front desk staff was professional, no problems with elebators, our room was on the 4th floor and quiet other than the customary morning traffic noise you'd expect to hear in a downtown hotel in a city of this size. The Hotel Blake has now moved to the top of our list.	
Mar 6 2007 	Disappointment	The first room: large and well appointed, but no dresser and a tiny closet. Where are you supposed to put your clothes?? We were only staying a few nights, so not a huge issue. The room, however, had an &quot;odd&quot; smell, was missing a sprinkler head, a pillow was torn open, two curtains were falling off, two lamps were broken, the toilet splashed out of the bowl when flushed and the hardware on the TV armoire was bent. It clearly looked as though a serious party had taken place in this room and housekeeping did their best to put it back together. It felt like a Motel 6, not a &quot;luxury boutique&quot; hotel.We asked for the items to be fixed while we were out, but the front desk staff insisted we take a better room, which we did. The second room was gorgeous. Large, clean, and sexy, but still no dresser, we made do. The iPod dock was a nice perk, as was the small sofa to snuggle on and the great shower.The second night of our stay we were abruptly woken up at 5:30AM by blaring music from the room next door as well as the loud raucous guests from the two adjacent rooms in the hallway. We immediately called the front desk and they assured us it would be addressed. 20 minutes later all of the noise finally stopped, but only for about 5 minutes. It took another 20 minutes after that for the quiet to return.We checked out that morning and relayed our concerns to the front desk staff. They emphatically denied that they were not looking be a &quot;party hotel&quot;, but I'm not convinced. The first room was clearly trashed by a party, and the following night a party was happening in the hallway. I was assured that the General Manager would be in touch to discuss this matter with us. Still waiting on that call... A pity. The place has potential.	
Mar 5 2007	Nightmare Hotel	The directions to the hotel were wrong. When we did arrive there the hotel looked nice. We were on the 5th floor. The hallway stunk like mildew. We got to our room which looked nice at first. There was a hole in our wall, and the down filled matress cover, (which will doubles as your only comforter/blanket,) had body fluid stains all over. I can not express how badly it needed cleaned, and obviously, it isn't cleaned often. The seriously dissappointing part was for two mornings in a row we were not able to shower. On the first morning, my birthday, the front desk informed us they were experiencing boiler issues . They told us we would have to wait at least 2 hours for hot water. We made the best of the circumstances and went to the Sears tower unbathed. The hot water worked that afternoon. The next morning we had no hot water again. At that time, we were told to wait a half an hour until the water heated up. We did, and still had no hot water. We got tired of waiting and left for home with no shower again. If you expect no morning shower or appoligies from the front desk, go to Hotel Blake. If not, choose somewhere else!! We never recieved any compensation for the hassel, not even the phone call we were promised from the &quot;boss&quot; who handles complaints. Convieniently, that &quot;boss&quot; doesn't work weekends, so all weekend complaints are not dealt with until Monday.As for the restaurant, we spent $40.00 on two cheese omelets, two cups of coffee, and two orders of whole wheat toast. Very fancy, and not so very good. Not reccommending the breakfast.	
Mar 1 2007 	Mixed Bag--Good Value	I stayed at the Hotel Blake on business with five co-workers. We paid $119 per night, and at that price it’s a good value. The rooms are a mixed bag. My room was fine: clean and nicely decorated. Others complained about the room being too small or the room being too hot (HVAC not working). The closet is tiny, and there are no dressers in the rooms. That bugged some, but it was, again, fine with me (I was only staying two nights). The bathroom is clean and modern. The shower is a big plus, especially for a downtown hotel: huge sunflower showerhead and plenty of hot water and water pressure. The human element in the hotel was another mixed bag. One of our party asked the front desk clerk if he could get change for $20, and was told simply, “No.” In the morning, we asked for a couple of cabs, and the front desk staff looked at us like we had asked for a spaceship. They did not offer to call or hail one for us. Their idea of help was informing us that it would be tough to find a cab in the morning (7:00AM). It took us about 30 seconds to flag the first one down on the street by ourselves. Other experiences were fine.If you are looking for a clean, no-frills hotel and can get a rate around $119, you will be happy.	
Feb 13 2007 	Loved the Blake amenities and location	Got a killer deal with their February promotion of $129/night. Was a little concerned with some of the previous reviews about noise and such, but they appear to be corrected as my stay was relaxing.The room was spacious, the king sized bed was extremely comfortable, the ipod docking was a nice bonus, and the walk-in-shower even had the same Grohe Rainshower head that I have at home!The Custom House restaurant which is attached to the hotel is a little pricey but I highly recommend it.Great location and excellent value.	
Dec 16 2006 	Whow!! What a great place for $100	All i can say is whow!! for $100 we got a great room on the 11th floor. spacious room, great location - 10 minute walk to the fountain/millinium park, 10 minute walk to the Chicago theatre. We were able to find car parking on the same block for $20 with one in and out. The train station was 5 minutes away. The bed and bed sheets were absolutely awesome in comfort and feel. Bathroom was very spacious with double sinks and very relaxing shower. The iPOD docking station was great touch, TV was high quality, internet connection was available but we did not utilize it. The room was spacious and definelty felt 4/5 starish. We could not hear any noise from neighbours, although we knew they were little loud when we ran into them in the lobby and hallway. I loved the quietness because i am a very light sleeper. Me and my wife LOVED our stay and we will definetly stay again! The only drawback was very slow elevators and curtains could have been little darker so no sun shine would creep in in the morning but still a great place to stay!!	
Dec 12 2006 	Blake was an awesome hotel for the $	My girlfriend and I booked this hotel for an over-weekend stay while visiting friends in Chicago. After reading the other reviews about Hotel Blake, we knew what to expect.. however, the hotel over did itself with excellence in service and product!Our checking was delightful when they allowed us to checkin over 4 hours in advance (11am). The hotel lobby was very clean and trendy- no conceirge service, but bellman and front desk crew were very helpful. Our room was very spacious with every amendity including a iPod radio and full size European shower. The room was extremely clean and comfortable- Down comforter and pillows made the king size bed a real treat.We never visited the restaurant, however, the Bar was a very nice retreat- with very nice people. Ann was our bartendar and she was very informative. Thanks Ann!The pizza parlor accross the street was awesome- try and visit that at least once.Dislikes about the property are few- One is, you're not in the best location if you want to shop at or near the Michigan Ave shops... however, you're only a few block away from the &quot;Red LIne&quot; subway system- which can get you anywhere. Cabs however, were never a problem to catch on the busy Dearborn Street just outside the hotel. Another dislike, we were on a Non Smoking floor, however, a nieghboor of ours must not have known- we smelt smoke the first night all night long.Overall we rate this hotel for the price range it was in very good in value. I suggest you immediately get to know the Subway system in Chicago if you stay there to keep the cabs from eating away at your wallet.	
Nov 25 2006 	Very nice hotel!	We stayed in the Hotel Blake over Thanksgiving. We got an excellent rate through Expedia (very inexpensive for downtown Chicago, but I'm sure the holiday had something to do with that). The bed was very comfy, with a down comforter and down pillows. The room was very spacious and the bathroom was huge. There were two sinks so my husband and I were not competing for sink time and the shower was huge with one of those large showerheads that simulate rainfall. The finishes in the room were very nice...it definately made you feel you were staying in something unique as opposed to the chain hotel. There were a couple of parking garages very close by if you wanted to avoid the ridiculous charge for valet parking and a neat, little breakfast place right around the corner (called &quot;Orange&quot;). The only nitpick is that the windows did not want to close completely so we had a bit of extra city noise that we could have done without. But, in short, I would definately stay there again.	
Nov 25 2006 	Blake is just OK	My husband and I just returned from a stay at the Hotel Blake last weekend (11/17-11/20). We selected the Blake based on pictures and reviews, also the price for the trip was incredible- $565 for 2 including rd trip air from Phila. Well the Blake is in a bit remote part of town, not a lot to do in the immediate area. However, the theater district is just a few blocks away as in the Sears tower, and millenium park. Restuarants are a bit further-- at least the good ones:) Anyway, the staff at the Blake are very friendly and accomodating, but they do not have a traditonal concierge service. No one offered to book anything for us, but they did politely hand us a map and direct us where to go to book things ourselves. The lobby is georgeous!! The rooms are a bit small, but nicely decorated. However, the bathroom looked like a motel. The paint on the ceiling was peeling in big chips and just hanging there. The room needed a bit more attention to detail. Small stains on the carpet, the TV channel guide was completely wrong, and it had very few channels. I am sure my hubby and I could have switched to a different room, but we were too tired the night we arrived and too busy while we were there to care. I don't think I would stay at the Blake again, unless we got another incredible deal...then maybe!	
Nov 20 2006 	Blake Perfect for Exploring Chicago	My wife and I go to big cities like Chicago for one thing: to walk to as many interesting eating, drinking, shopping, and entertainment destinations as possible. Therefore, hotel location is absolutely critical but we have no interest in spending so much money on a room that we feel the need to hang out there instead of enjoying what the city has to offer!That being said, the Hotel Blake was the PERFECT choice for us. We found an Expedia deal for $139 and we couldn't have been happier with the hotel. The lobby and restaurant were very elegant and hip (although we didn't eat there). The room was clean and modern, the king bed was incredibly comfy, and the huge shower head was delightful. Oh, and the staff was friendly and professional.All that, and the ideal location for exploring Chicago by foot or subway. We truly couldn't have asked for anything more. Even if we had paid the regular price of $159, it still would have been a great deal compared to most other boutique hotels in the area that are closer to $300 a night. We will definitely stay at the Blake again and highly recommend it to others.	
Nov 8 2006 	Besy USA hotel yet	Got a great deal through Expedia particularly as I was travelling alone - usually expensive for hotels. Easy to find (subway from O'Hare) and great for getting around the city - Red and Blue Line Subway stations nearby but walking was no problem to most places I wanted to see. Hotel staff were very helpful, room kept spotless and tidy, quiet location with lots of hot water available. Internet availability was useful. I would return there anytime.	
Nov 6 2006 	Great Stay	Great location for the price ($149 per night on expedia.com). I was about 3 blocks from the Red Line CTA stop and two blocks from the Blue Line stop. The room is very modern in design and size is nice. We checked in late and no problems at all. The bathroom was CLEAN and there was not any outside noise that would disturb our stay.The housekeeping staff did a great job. I would definately recommend this location if you can get a similar price.	
Nov 1 2006 	Great Chicago Marathon Location	We stayed at Hotel Blake for three nights. The location is perfect. The hotel is only a five minute walk to Grant Park (the marathon start). Our room was clean, quiet, and we had a cool view of the Sears Tower and Stock Exchange. The front desk/lobby service was average. The cleaning staff was friendly. The free internet access was helpful. Check in/check out was no problem.	
Oct 27 2006 	Mostly positive	My wife and I were in Chicago to run the marathon on October 22nd. We had initially booked at the Blake back in January with some trepidation because the hotel was undergoing renovations and the reviews were not very good. However we got a good rate so stayed with it and are glad we did. The renovation is complete and it is generally quite pleasing. It is very much in the &quot;boutique hotel&quot; style, so if this isn't your style, look elsewhere. I suspect that the degree of satisfaction one has will depend on what room you are in. Initially we were given a room on the 7th floor facing the street. All good, except that it was so narrow that there was no room for a chest of drawers of any kind. Also, a small closet. Maybe not an issue if you are travelling alone, or just staying for one night and don't mind leaving your clothes in the suitcase. When we asked to be moved we were told that there are several different room configurations on each floor. However, the front desk staff were very happy to accomade our needs so we were moved to a bigger room, but on the back side of the building. Note that all of the odd number rooms are on the back side and look out at a brick wall that is only a very narrow street (more like a laneway) away, maybe 25 feet. Not an issue for us, since we don't stay in city hotels for the view. However what was a big issue is that the garbage bins for the hotel and other businesses are in this laneway, and the garbage trucks came by every night at about 4 AM. Ridiculous! We were awakened to the sound of these trucks compacting garbage in the middle of the night. Perhaps this would not be so noticable on a higher floor; we were on the 2nd. We again asked to be moved the next day but were told this was not possible because the hotel was sold out. Hmmmm. On a positive note, the room was clean and well appointed, the bed was fantastically comfortable, and the maid service great. However, the rooms do NOT have bathtubs, which would have been very nice for soaking in after running a marathon. But the shower is really big, and marble tiled. As noted in an earlier review, traffic noice could be an issue for some. Congress Parkway, at the north end of the hotel, is a VERY busy 8 lane street. Ideally one would want a big room on an upper floor, and at the south end of the building. Our friends had such a room, and if we had been there I would be giving The Blake a 5 star review.Didn't use the fitness centre or go to the restaurant, but both looked very nice and the restaurant was busy, a good sign.Other positives are the friendly and helpful staff and the location, which is 3 blocks from Michigan Avenue and Grant Park. Also the nearest CTA subway station (LaSalle) is only about a 3 minute walk. This is the Blue line, which is the train that goes to O'Hare Airport. The Plymouth Restaurant, which is about a 5 minute walk, serves &quot;casual American&quot;, including breakfast and has a sports bar downstairs, as well as a rooftop bar (not that it was open in late October).Overall, I would consider staying at the Blake again, but given that the rates have increased (depending on when you stay), the value for money quotient has gone down.	
Oct 26 2006 	The Hotel Blake: A "Must Stay"	STAY AT THE HOTEL BLAKE!! This was my husband and my second trip to Chicago. During our first visit, we stayed at the &quot;renowned&quot; (says who?) Whitehall Hotel…which totally sucked!!! Our experience at the Whitehall was so bad we were terrified that any hotel that received fewer than four stars had to be unbearable. However, our stay at The Hotel Blake proved the star-system wrong. To be honest, we were a little apprehensive about staying at the Blake after reading some of the poor reviews. Plus, the low price and the name (perhaps a knock-off of &quot;The Drake Hotel&quot;?) made us wonder what kind of bad imposter The Hotel Blake might be. We worried for nothing though--everything was perfect! For starters, we couldn't have asked for a better location. The Blake was a few blocks from the Theater District, a short walk to the Chicago Institute of Arts, a $4 cab ride from the train station and within walking distance of tons of shopping, restaurants, etc. The hotel was immaculate too (trust me…I'm extremely picky). From the modern, stylish décor, to the outstanding staff and service, everything about the Blake was top-notch. Oh…and the shower is fit for a queen (or king)…and big enough to fit both!However, as some of the other reviews mentioned, the Blake did not have flat panel TVs. Where they got that idea, I have no clue…but who goes to Chicago to watch TV anyway? We weren't disappointed.Without a doubt, we'll be staying at the Blake again and we highly recommend you do the same.PS: After making your reservations on hotels.com or another travel website, be sure to call the hotel to confirm your reservations, bed-size, etc. (Tip: While you have them on the phone, ask for the biggest/nicest room too.) If you don't do this (like one guest we encountered as we were checking out), there's a chance the Blake will not be able to accommodate your initial reservation, since reservations made online don’t always reflect hotel availability. This is NOT the hotel's fault.	
Oct 23 2006 	Not bad but I've stayed in better......	After reading a few reviews on Hotel Blake, I was a little hesitant to book here. I was in town on business and needed to be in this area. The hotel itself is obviously very old which can play either way for people. I didn't mind the age, it made it kind of chic really. Our room was on the 7th floor and wasn't too bad. There were a few spots where the wall paper was peeling off the wall near the floor, but hey, it's just cosmetics. The room was very clean. I have no complaints about that. The marble floors in the bathroom were a little dangerous when wet so be VERY careful. The room was quite large with high ceilings and the street facing wall was all windows. This had it's ups and downs. The draft off the glass was quite chilly. I know this is just the nature of big old buildings with lots of glass.....drafty. The biggest complaint I had was the noise off of the street. You are directly above Dearborn and Congress which can be quite busy at all hours. I'm certain you'd suffer this in most locations in the city, but I have stayed at other downtown locations in Chicago right on Michigan and did not experience the street noise I experienced at Hotel Blake. The next little issue was with the valet parking. I realize that there aren't a lot of options to park downtown so I can't complain about the $36/day valet parking charge. I would complain, however, about the fact that the first night we arrived they never parked the car, but left it on the curb all night in front of the hotel and tried to charge us the $36 anyway........ The other minor complaint would be the funky smell in the hallway. Our room didn't smell, but the hallway was very musty and had almost a leaking &quot;propane&quot; sort of smell. The staff was friendly and accomodating....no issues there.  In summary, if you have to stay in the financial district, you could stay here without suffering too badly, but it wouldn't be my first choice. I would probably stay here again in a pinch, but not really by choice. One thing I will say, is if you do stay here, be sure to eat at Edwardo's across the street. EXCELLENT pizza and great service. A really nice little place.....	
Oct 4 2006 	Best boutique luxury hotel in the city!	Best boutique luxury hotel in the city! Clean rooms, friendly service and upgraded amenities. IPOD docking station was a nice touch!! The work out facility was the best in the city after the Peninsula.It's designed with hardwood floors and consists of high-end Life Fitness equipent, free weights, and machines. It overlooks the downtown area. Great views!I will book the Blake again.	
Sep 28 2006	BEWARE: False Advertising	My boyfriend and I just returned for a weekend stay in Chicago at the Hotel Blake. We originally were going to stay at the W City Center but due to a last minute deal on Expedia, and positive things I read about Hotel Blake, we decided to stay at this new boutique hotel. I heard there were some kinks initally but that they had been worked out. Unfortunately, this was not true and we were very disappointed in the lack of customer service and attention to detail that most boutique hotels, especially those in the Preferred Boutique group, usually have. First, what you might read about this &quot;luxury boutique hotel&quot; on Expedia and it's Web site is false advertising. While the hotel looks nice from the outside and is located in a great area, there are none of the luxuries they promote (i.e., plama screen TVs, TVs in bathroom, robes, Molton Brown products, morning paper etc.). And, the customer service was awful - they made us feel like we were constantly putting them out any time we asked for something.When we arrived, our rooms were very warm as the air conditioning wasn't working and the windows did not open. The staff offered to provide us with another room but it was the same situation. They did not have fans or anything - basically they told us to tough it out. Also, I tried to talk with the manager several times during our stay but he was never on duty. I could go on and on...So, if you are looking for a luxury boutique hotel get away spend a little extra and stay at The James or W on Lakeshore as Hotel Blake still needs A LOT of work and some customer service training.	
Sep 11 2006 	Great Way to Celebrate Anniversary	My husband and I celebrated our anniversary in the city and the location was great! close to michigan ave shopping. the rooms were spotless and the amenities were fabulous. It also had one of the most comfortable beds i have ever slept in!! A+ stay.	
Sep 5 2006 	amazing very convenient to Board of Trade	I stayed at Hotel Blake during two separate business trips to Chicago. Each visit was made even better by the friendly staff who always greeted me by name and went above and beyond by anticipating my needs while there.As a business woman working at the Board of Trade I found the location of Hotel Blake to be incredibly convenient as well.I look forward to returning to Hotel Blake very soon. I'm very fortunate my travel agent found such a gem for my hotel accommodations.	
Sep 5 2006 	Great stay at the Blake	My stay at the Blake was great! My wife &amp; I stayed there because of a recommendation from a friend. We had a romantic evening for the two of us and we didn't even have to leave the hotel. The hotel staff was very courteous &amp; helpful. The concierge even got some of our favorite Italian Ice from Tom &amp; Wendee's.	
Aug 17 2006 	Great Stay	Hola, I have just returned from a wonderful 4Nite stay at the &quot;Hotel Blake&quot;, We could not have asked for anything more considering the price we paid. The staff were very friendly and helpful especially Patrick. They catered to our needs, with great smiles. This boutique hotel will only get more expensive as time goes on. I feel very fortunate to have stayed at this lovely place when I did. I would go back in a heartbeat. I also love the help I have had, thanks to all of you that take the time to give a feedback. My trip to Chi Town was super!!!!!	
Aug 17 2006 	Great Location but nothing spectacular	My husband and I stayed at this hotel during our recent trip to Chicago for Lollapalooza. The hotel was a few blocks walk from Grant park and numberous &quot;L&quot; stations which was a perfect location. The room was nice, newly renovated, but we did have a room with a view of the white brick wall. No biggie, we weren't in Chicago to spend much time staring out the hotel room window anyway. The bed was very comfortable and the renovated bathroom and rain-style shower head were great. Overall nice hotel, no raves or complaints. Definitely work a package deal so you can save some money on the rate, but the location is great.	
Aug 16 2006	Beautiful Building Great Hotel	Hotel Blake is a beautiful hotel in an excellent location! The building is historic and fabulous, and the rooms are comfortable, roomy, and quiet. I would absolutely recommend staying here.	
Aug 4 2006 	Don't Stay Here	My stay started off pleasantly enough, but at 6:30am on Saturday morning I was awoken by loud construction that did not abate. The staff at the hotel was not only unapologetic but they refused to do anything to alleviate the situation -- this includes moving me to another room, offering me a discounted rate, etc. What proceeded was a run-around by the management that dampened my stay. While I was excited by the fact that the hotel was new and a small boutique establishment rather than a chain, I quickly realized the lack competence and integrity. There are plenty of better places to stay in Chicago where you can be assured that the management will safeguard your need for a good night's sleep.	
Jul 24 2006	Beautiful room great stay	I stayed at the Blake from July 15-19 and was a little wary due to the reviews on this website. Most of the negative reviews are based on the fact that the hotel has been undergoing renovations over the past year. Well, the renovations were complete in the lobby and on my floor, and the hotel is beautiful! My room (616--a standard king) was very spacious (over 400 s.f.) and had a great view of the Chicago public library. Note: I highly recommend getting an even-numbered room, since the odd-numbered rooms face a rather unattractive white wall. The bed was large and comfortable, the flat-screen TV was great, and the spacious bathroom was finished in stylish marble and had a large vanity with two sinks--perfect for myself and my partner. My favorite part of the room was the new carpet--great style and great texture (I usually don't notice carpet, but this was wonderful)! The lobby was rather small and unremarkable, but attractive. I agree with others who have posted about the Orange restaurant around the corner--great for breakfast! And young Patrick the doorman was very helpful. The location is only one block south of the loop and within easy walking distance (5-10 minutes) to anything in the downtown area. I would stay here again! (I had to move to the Hotel Burnham--#1 in Chicago according to Tripadvisor--in the middle of the week due to a Priceline reservation, but I thought the rooms at the Blake were much nicer). I would definitely stay here again!	
Jul 12 2006	Highly recommend the Blake	Wonderful stay at the Blake. The hotel staff. from the front desk to the housekeeping staff, went above and beyond to meet our every need. The accomodations are beautiful, and the bed is one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. Special recognition should go to Patrick, for directing us to some of the best nightlife available in Chicago. Will definately stay here again.	
Jun 27 2006	Hotel Blake	We recently spent 3 nights at the Hotel Blake and were VERY pleased with our stay. The room was above average and very clean with a lovely bath and king sized bed. The location couldn't have been better. You had the choice of walking to many areas or taking the subway (which was a block and half away) or bus (across the street). We recommend buying a CTA visitors card for as many days as you plan to stay. We didn't eat in the hotel but for breakfast the Orange Juice Co. around the corner was excellent. Meals are large (we shared our breakfasts). Tourists visiting there on Saturdays should try the free &quot;EL&quot; tour that leaves from the Visitor's Center at the Cultural Center. The Chicago Trolley/Double Decker tour was excellent as well as the the river/lake boat tours (we used Wendella near the Wrigley Bldg.). All in all hotel and area made for a very enjoyable long weekend!	
May 30 2006	Loved the Hotel Blake and surrounding area	After reading the horrid reviews on this site and one other I was hesitate about staying here, even after booking the hotel. I called a couple of times before hand to get an honest opinion on the status of the hotel. They were honest and informed me that they were at the end of remodeling, and that all of the rooms weren't complete. When I arrived there, Friday, May 26 I was amazed at how modern and sophisticated the hotel lobby was. The doormen were nice and helpful, and the front desk clerk had great personalities, and informative. I almost fainted from joy when I entered my room. The king size bed was extremely comfortable, there was 2 trash cans, there was a tv, and the place was clean. I do have to say that my favorite part of the hotel room was the bathroom. It looked 20 times better than a lot of chained hotel bathrooms that I've stayed in or visited. Marble galore, the shower was magnificant to point I can tell you, I would have to show you. Every detail in the bathroom was on point. 2 thumbs up to the decorator of the hotel rooms. The location was perfect: 20-30 min walk to the lake (perfect), 15 min walk to Marshall Field's, across the street from the huge chicago library, 20 min walk to the museum where the King Tut exhibit is displayed, 10-15 walk to millenium park. Need I go on....I personally wouldn't eating at the Custom House restaurant (although they do have room service) because they are waaay overpriced. I do recommend eating brekafast at the Orange restaurant around the corner on west harrison. The people there are friendly, the food is reasonably priced and delicious!!! Would I stay at Hotel Blake again? Heck yes!!! And this is a person who lives and works in New York City!!!P.S If you are trying to visit Wrigley Field...this is no where near it!!!	
May 29 2006	Easy access to public transportion home of the $45.00 breakfast	We checked in several hours early and were given a handicap accessible room. We soon learned why the room was available. Handheld shower fell off the wall, no holder for the bath tissue, and since it was an accessible shower and floor was sloped you had a river leading to the 2nd drain in the center of the bathroom floor. We informed the desk of the broken shower and went out for the day. When we returned the shower was not fixed so they gave us a new room. The 2nd room was the same size but also had a desk, a chair/footstool, double sinks in the bath and a great shower. If you are on a budget, don't eat at the hotel. While they were the best poached eggs my partner has ever had, a light breakfast for 2 was 45 bucks with tip. The hotel did make the room right, the rooms are large and for Chicago a rate of 189 including tax isn't that bad for a room with a view.	
May 25 2006	A great stay	Had an unexpected delay at O'Hare and decided to head into the city for a night's rest. Walked into the Hotel Blake and asked for a room at 3:30 AM. The clerk gave us a reduced rate for checking in so late. The room was wonderfully appointed. We didn't see the website beforehand, so I can't speak to what is advertised. The hotel restaurant had a fabulous breakfast that was reasonably priced for the quality. Hopefully they'll have the remodelling kinks worked out soon; we'd stay there again in a heartbeat! One block away from the LaSalle stop on the Blue Line.	
Apr 24 2006	Needs some work	My husband and I were planning a long weekend trip to Chicago in April about two months out. When I began my hotel search, everything seemed to be at least $300/night for downtown hotels- a price I was unwilling to pay outside of New York or Europe. I found a AAA rate at Hotel Blake for $171, and the website looked promising, so I booked it. A couple of weeks ago I decided to check the reviews, and unfortunately they were far from good. I looked online at every hotel chain I could think of in addition to hotels.com, expedia, etc. but there was not a room to be found at any price. Alas, we were left with The Blake. Concerned that the hotel would be overbooked and that we would be left without a room when we were able to check in around 11:30 pm on a Thursday, I re-confirmed our reservation online AND called around 5 pm the night we were going to check-in. Thankfully when we arrived, our room was available. However, the restaurant adjacent to the hotel was already closed and there was no mini-bar in the room (which I can not positively confirm I read online, but I thought I did). That was a tad disappointing considering it was my birthday and we wanted to have a celebratory night-cap without having to venture outside. The room was not overly spacious, but sufficed for a tourist visit to Chicago (We did have the smallest room they offer though). The rooms are a bit noisy (there's a huge space between the marble floor and the bottom of the door), especially if you happen to be near the elevator as we were. No flat screen tvs as mentioned on the website when I first booked. It is quite obvious that this was the plan since as another review mentioned, there are jacks on the wall both in the room and in the bathroom. As my husband said, it is as if they had all these great ideas to remodel the hotel, but they ran out of money. I actually liked the shower sans tub, but that fact should be included in the room description for those that must have a soak. We had no problems with towels, but housekeeping replenished only the shampoo when we had used up all toiletries. The ice bucket was tiny and yes, only one ice machine on the 12th floor. The fitness room was actually pretty nice- new equipment, towels, water cooler, and flat screen tv. There was no spa, even though the sign in the hallway indicates one. Overall, I would say that Hotel Blake certainly has the potential to be a good hotel. The location was convenient and the hotel staff was pleasant. However, I would not pay more than $150/night for a room. And given the lack of certain amenities (room service, mini-bar, bathrobe, etc.), I don't think it should be affiliated with the Preferred Group of Hotels. This hotel is not even close to being in the same league as the Grand Hotel in Minneapolis or the Marco Ocean Beach Resort in Marco Island (two &quot;Preferred&quot; hotels I have frequented).I think the only way I would stay here again would be if they offered room rates significantly cheaper than others in the loop/mag mile area.	
Apr 23 2006	Renovations are complete and it's lovely	One should disregard all of the bad reviews that were written prior to completion of the renovations. This hotel is quite nice now that all updating has been completed. The rooms are very clean and tastefully done. The bed was so comfortable and quite luxurious! I kept wondering why there had been so many bad reviews of this great-looking place, and decided that most of them must have been written while it was under construction. As far as not being safe, I don't agree. There was nothing unsafe about it. I will agree, however, that the front desk staff was a little clueless, talked too much and didn't mind keeping customers waiting while they chatted to the previous guests. While the hotel is a little south of the city center, it is still quite within walking distance of everything, including Grant Park, the acquarium, the planetarium and Soldiers Field. We had great walks near the river every day, and absolutely loved that we were staying at this location in the city. If you can get a good deal on this hotel, you will not regret staying here. It is lovely and a good value.	
Apr 20 2006	New Hotel * Great Experience	My husband and I recently had the opportunity to stay at one of Chicago's newest hotels in downtown Chicago, Hotel Blake. We took the rapid transit in from O'Hare Arport and was surprised to see that the hotel is located right on the Blue Line stop. We walked just a block and were right at the hotel's doorstep. The hotel is also walking distance to the Art Institute, Buckingham Fountain and many other sights in the area.The hotel rooms are quite large and very nicely decorated with fluffy down comforters on the beds and the rich colors of the decor are absolutely beautiful.The hotel staff was most polite and accommodating to our every request. We found the hotel to be comfortable and to our liking in every way.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great stay while in Chicago.	
Apr 17 2006	Avoid at all cost!	I could write a book with all the problems there. The hotel was way over booked. We had 4 adults and need a room with 2 beds. I booked a double through the hotel website, and called to confirm about a week before, and the front desk clerk told me when I checked in that reservations just guarantee a room. Not a specific room, or even a specific type of room. She offered a king bed and a pull out sofa, and I asked for a discount. I was told she couldn't discount the rooms, and that she had one double left. Lucky us. Of course we get to the room and its a king bed and a chair, not even a pull-out sofa. So down we go to wait in the line to check in again! We ended up in a king room with a pull-out sofa, no discount. We had problems with towels, sheets, pillows, coffee mugs, blankets...and the second day after house cleaning came through we had to locate extra towels again. One of the two elevators kept breaking down, and the only ice machine is on the 12th floor. Saturday after spending the day with friends and shopping we returned at 1:00am to find the dead-bolt out holding the door from latching. Our room had been open since housekeeping had &quot;cleaned.&quot; No plasma TVs, but the wall did have a bunch of holes from where a plasma TV might have been mounted. Intermittent cold water in the shower. One of the sheets housekeeping used to make up the pull-out bed had paint on it from the remodeling.Every time I was at the front desk a guest was there complaining. Both lines of people were full of guests wanting double rooms, pillows, towels, etc. I called the front desk and asked for a manager Friday night after checking in, and was told she would be in Saturday morning so I left contact info and asked that she call me. She never did. I left a hand written message at check out, no reply. I left voice mail, no reply. I have emailed about 8 people, most of them have been returned &quot;unknown recipient&quot; and I have not heard back from the other two.My credit union is disputing the charges, everyone with similar experiences should do the same.	
Apr 10 2006	Not Safe!	I recently travelled to Chicago with my 17-yr-old daughter to look at colleges in the area. We booked a room at the Hotel Blake through Hotels because it had received relatively high ratings and looked to be well-situated for our needs. Although Hotels.com says that the hotel has limited room service, in fact it has none. There is a restaurant in the same building as the hotel, but it is not affiliated with the hotel and has very limited hours (i.e. stops serving breakfast at 10am on weekdays!). Again, even though Hotels indicates otherwise, concierge service is negligable and provided by staff that is unfamiliar with the city of Chicago. I got more useful information regarding restaurants, public transportation, and shopping from other hotel guests! The deciding factor for this review, however, was a matter of hotel security, or, rather, lack thereof. My daughter and I returned to our room around 9:00pm the second evening of our stay and went directly up the elevator to our room.When we got to our room, neither of our keys would work in the lock. After trying several times, I decided to go back downstairs to the front desk. However, before I walked away from the door, a young woman walked toward my daughter and me and asked our names. She told us that that was her room and that she was waiting for her roommate (a co-worker she had never met) to check in. She went on to explain that she had been in the room (our room!) to freshen up before going to dinner and was now ready to call it a night. She told us that when she had gone into the room earlier, she noticed the suitcases, clothing, and toiletries and simply figured that her roommate had already been there and unpacked - she said that the desk clerk would not confirm or deny whether the roommate had actually checked into the hotel.After opening the room door for us and getting her things out of OUR ROOM, the young woman and I went back down to the front desk. I asked to speak with the manager but was told there was no manager on duty. When I told the desk clerk what was happening and that there had been a MAJOR security breech, she agreed with me and apologized. She then issued new keys for my room and moved the young woman to another room in the hotel. I asked how I could be sure that no one else had a key to my room. She assured me that no one did; however, that did very little to ease my mind given that I was staying in the hotel with my daughter. I immediately went back upstairs with my daughter and bolted the door to our room. However, I spent a sleepless night worrying that someone would try to get into our room.The next morning (Saturday), I went downstairs to check out of the hotel around 7:30am. I again asked to speak with a manager and was again told there was no manager on duty and that no manager would be in until Monday (2 days away). I briefly explained to the desk clerk on duty what had happened the night before and how appalled I was that a hotel could make such a gross error of negligence. I again got an &quot;I'm sorry&quot; from the clerk but nothing else.I don't know how the hotel managed to make the mistake. I don't know if it was a computer error or a human one. But, it doesn't matter how it happened. The fact is that the hotel put three female guests (the young woman, my daughter, and me) into a potentially disastrous situation where our belongings could have been stolen or we could have been physically harmed. Luckily for all of us, the young woman was honest and we were harmless, so nothing terrible happened. I will never stay at the Hotel Blake again, and, if asked, I will never recommend the hotel to anyone.	
Apr 2 2006 	Hotel Blake? How about Hotel Half-Baked?	I am staying here now (April 1). The experience is nothing like advertised on their website - no TV in the bathroom, no minibar, no door on my closet, no fancy bath products, etc. On my second night here, I had a knock on my door and it was &quot;housekeeping&quot; coming to install an alarm clock, which my room didn't have before. My remote control was broken, and it took 36 hours for an &quot;engineer&quot; to come &quot;fix&quot; it. My heater is louder than an airplane taking off.There is construction happening on every floor, no spa, only one working elevator for almost ten floors . . . it is pretty much a nightmare. Lucky for you, I'm in the city to tour its hotels. I think you'd be much happier at the Talbott or Whitehall. That is where I wish I had stayed.	
Apr 1 2006	Hotel Blake: False advertising	The Hotel Blake in Chicago is truly AWFUL! Amenities advertised on their website but nonexistent were: no flat-screen TVs, no room service, no clock radios, no shower/tub combination (shower only with extremely slick ceramic tile floor-an accident waiting to happen) no electronic check-out, no in-room safe, no CD/DVD player, no complimentary newspaper, no guide to TV channels or list of hotel services, no in-room refreshment center, no desk with ergonomic chair. There was 1 restaurant next door but not affiliated with the hotel, serving artsy food with sky-high prices. Great I suppose if you simply must have &quot;veal cheeks.&quot; TV didn’t work in the fitness center, water cooler was empty, exercise to the sound of jack-hammers! When we needed a cab, the front desk told us to go hail one ourselves. Before checking out, we called to have our car brought around, waited about 45 minutes, &amp; were finally told that someone had called &amp; cancelled our request! This place ought to be in a Chevy Chase movie. Especially the toilets that flush so loud you'll run screaming from the room! Fine if you want to buy breakfast at White Hen or eat lunch at Taco Bell or Subway (across the street). When I pointed out the disparity between what their website promised and grim reality, they blew me off, saying they’re still under construction &amp; there's nothing they can do, i.e., tough luck. Of course, their website did NOT warn us about ongoing construction.	
Mar 28 2006	Going back to Hotel Blake	I also decided to stay here even after reading everything online. I was nervous because of the bad reviews, but kept my reservation after calling ahead to insure my reservation and to let my requests be known ahead of time. I checked in on a Saturday evening and left late Sunday night. I had no check-in or check-out problems; there was no wait, the room that I had requested was available and the staff was very respectful. My room was on the second floor. It was quite lovely to be honest. The only thing was that our window looked out onto a brick wall. My daughter and I laughed for 10 minutes and never thought twice about it. We were traveling for pleasure and did not plan to do much in the room other that bathe and sleep. The beds were excellent, but the sound of the heating/cooling fan was unusually loud. The fitness center was great. It's located on the second floor and surrounded by windows with a view and no brick walls.	
Mar 27 2006	Not Quite There Yet...	Well, after reading everything online, I decided to stay here, mostly because you couldn't beat the price for the location, and I was working on a tight schedule. To tell the truth, I was kind of afraid of what I'd find after reading some of the reviews. Luckily, we are not very picky people, so we were able to do what we needed to do - bathe and sleep, really. But the place could still use a lot of work.We checked in on a Saturday afternoon and left on a Sunday morning. I'll just say that we had no check-in or check-out problems. We went through Expedia, got there, there was no wait or problem, we went up to our room, all was well.In the room, there were some oddnesses. Things that have been mentioned - no trash can, poor lighting - just a bunch of little lamps providing &quot;mood lighting,&quot; the drawers on the table/desk were still taped shut. We opened one of the drawers and the bottom of it was totally ripped. No phone book in the room. There was a 1' by 2' area of the ceiling that was not painted. Our window looked out onto a brick wall. The TV was huge, but sat right on the desk - basically rendering it useless as a desk. Also, thank goodness that we were exhausted, but you could hear the people in the hallway as loudly as if they were in our own room. I kept wanting to check to see if I had closed the door all the way!So, all in all, it was not a catastrophe - our room seemed clean, at least, and there were none of the problems with check-in, etc, that have been mentioned, but these folks have got to get their act together! I mean, you would think they would want to get trash cans in the rooms, at least, so we wouldn't have to leave our garbage all over the place...	
Mar 19 2006	Horrible!! Bait 	Against my better judgement (based on the horrible reviews) I booked a room at Hotel Blake based on their description online as well as the fact that their renovation was supposedly complete. After arriving I discovered that EVERYTHING promoted in their website was a total fabrication! Instead of plasma TV's my room contained a broken TV, no radio, no honor bar, lights in the bathroom burnt out, etc... Upon contacting the front desk, I was informed that it was my fault for not contacting the hotel directly (which I had actually done) to confirm that the things being promoted on their website existed. When I informed them that they were misrepresenting their hotel and actually committing a &quot;bait and switch&quot; tactic (which is highly illegal) they said that they would refund my money and I could find a room elsewhere. Which I did, and they were not willing to help me with. Do Not Stay Here And Reward Devious, Illegal, Business Tactics!!!	
Mar 7 2006	A complete nightmare!	Let me start at the beginning...I had a reservation at the established and beautiful Palmer House Hilton but cancelled it because of this hotel's website. It sold me! I had great expectations of a plasma screen television, DVD/CD player, flat screen in the bathroom and luxury accomodations. Instead I received terrible service, a dusty room with a bathroom smaller than the one I have at home in my apartment! We stayed February 24 - 27, 2006.I arrived with two friends and there was no one outside to help us with our bags. After lugging our bags in the hotel, we waited for at least 40 minutes to check into our rooms. Me and one friend were staying in a double and our other friend was staying alone in a double. Her double was twice the size as ours with a huge bathroom but we all had the same issues. She was on eight floor and we were on the seventh...the front desk clerks neglected to tell her that she would have to get off on the 7th floor and walk up a flight of stairs to her floor!!! There were several basic items missing from our rooms. A closet door, hangers, an ironing board, washcloths, trash can, alarm clock, kleenex and a bath mat. We immediately asked for another room and they all of a sudden didn't have ANY rooms to give us. A few minutes later she said &quot;we have queen rooms but they are dirty and we are waiting for housekeeping to come in for their shifts.&quot; They were completely sold out and overbooked. Each time we went downstairs, we saw people going off on the staffers because of one issue or another. One woman was in the lobby from sunup to sundown waiting on a room! A mother and her teenaged son made a reservation using Expedia for a suite only to be told that &quot;we don't have suites completed yet.&quot;The front desks clerks were unprofessionally dressed, mean, rude and nasty and did nothing to make our stay pleasant. When we asked for the manager they said he/she wouldn't be back until Wednesday. Of course we were leaving on Monday. When we read them a list of what was missing, the front desk clerk brought the ironing board and hangers up. We wanted clean wash cloths and the housekeeper we saw in the hall notified us that there weren't any. We asked Sarah for a trash can and she brought out a blue recycling bin with trash in it!! We took 20 towels off the housekeeping cart just to pad the concrete hard bed for an average night's sleep! The room was so dusty, I had a coughing fit every time I opened the curtains in the morning. When you called downstairs they either would let the phone ring 50 times before they answered or leave you on hold for 30 minutes. Thank God we had a cordless speaker phone. The lamp was broken on the desk so the room was poorly lit all weekend. The valet took from 30-45 minutes bringing your car to the front of the hotel. One day we called way ahead of time while we were getting ready and by the time we got downstairs the car still wasn't outside...the next day we called, they brought it out within 30 minutes but took it back because we &quot;took too long coming downstairs.&quot; Since there were no plasma tvs, tvs in the bathroom or dvd/cd player, we bought a dvd player from Target to hook up to the tv. They didn't even have in room movies!!! We called and complained and asked for a refund the day after we returned home. We found out that the General Manager was fired and replaced by someone that knew nothing of what went on during the weekened. That person is contacting Corporate to figure out what to do about compensating us. This was by far the worst hotel experience I've had in my life.	
Mar 1 2006	Be very careful	Be very careful if you decide to stay there. It was chaos - the folks did not have a handle on what was going on. Rooms were double-booked (people actually walking into rooms with other people in them), no one around to help, rooms were full of dust because of construction going on, lights didn't work.....you get the picture.Check-in was a nightmare - they had NO clue. Hour wait.The rooms were nicely done, but very small.	
Feb 27 2006 	Good potential terrible experience	I recently took a small group of students to Chicago for a competition. We had reservations for five at Hotel Blake. When we arrived at 8 pm, there was only one staffer working the front desk. Although she was very kind and polite, there was quite a long line of people with complaints and it took a very long time to be helped. We had reserved five rooms through Orbitz, but when we checked in, bearing confirmation codes, only three of us had rooms. The clerk tried to find rooms for my students and sent them to multiple rooms. One had no working locks, another had an unfinished bathroom (plumbing still being installed), another two more still had non-functional locks. Having been informed that there were no more rooms left, the female student slept in my room and the male student decided to sleep in an unlocked room. Of the rooms that were &quot;acceptable,&quot; two were missing light bulbs (my room had none), none had trash cans (we never got any despite repeated requests), and one had a shower that wasn't working.The following night we were able to obtain rooms for the two students without acceptable rooms. Even one one of those rooms had a non-functional sink in the bathroom, but at that point, it was the least of our concerns. The assistant manager, Natalie, was very nice, but she couldn't even tell us if we would get our money back and could not run the computer. In fact, there was no one with any authority to fix any problem on the property (the locks did eventually get fixed Saturday night). We were not the only ones having problems. All weekend, the front desk was pummelled with irate guests demanding towels, washcloths, trashcans, etc. We felt sorry for the front desk staff, most of whom were ever pleasant and professional.The hotel, to the extent it was finished, was lovely and the rooms were very promising...though the armoires had no mini-bars yet. I highly recommend waiting to visit this hotel until they are done renovating it.	
Feb 7 2006	Great Modern Motif!	I was worried after reading some past reviews, but this was great. The rooms are beautifully decorated- very modern. The bathroom was huge and great walk in shower. The restaurant seemed to close pretty early though; we were never able to make it back early enough to try. TIP: It’s pretty close to Millennium Parking garage which is the cheapest rate in the city for 24/hour parking.	
Feb 1 2006	Very nice stay	I wasn't expecting much after reading previous reviews, but the renovations are largely complete, and it was one of the nicest hotel stays I've had. The room was luxurious, the staff was very helpful. There is food and drink within walking distance. It was also nice and quiet, except for street noise (I was facing the main street.) Not a place for children, but great for business.	
Jan 3 2006	Not very nice..dark and no one around	looked haunted. no one around but i. nice rooms no help.	
Aug 2 2005	this place was lovely Not!!!	the hotel was okay looking from the outside. but inside, that is a whole different story. they messed up our rooms which we reserved a month in advance.we wanted a room with two double beds. but they said all they had was a one bed room with two cots.that just wasn't going to cut it so we talked to the manager and got what we wanted. we never saw any body there any way so there shouldn't have been a problem. all of the staff people were very rude to us. and on top of all that one of the two elevators broke.the hallways smelled musky and damp. we were on floor 4. and the ice machine was on floor 12. that was just great. the only thing that was even a little bit ok was the excerise room they had. it was all nice except the water jug didn't have any water in it. i will never stay there again as long as i live.	
Jul 27 2005	could be stellar -- mixed review	My wife and I were supposed to stay at Hotel 71 the weekend of a wedding we were attending this past June; Hotel 71 is the sister property of Hotel Blake. But due to a power outtage that screwed up Hotel 71's reservation system, they put us up at Hotel Blake instead -- it was under construction, but we lucked out and got a HUGE suite for $99 + tax and our first night was comped! Our room was completely furnished in a very modern decor, similar to a W Hotel. We had a total of 3 plasma TVs in there: one in the living room, one in the bathroom, one in the bedroom. Iron, ironing board in the closet. There was a minibar with sink as well, but unfortunatley, no fridge. Mini-CD system in the living room with DVD player hooked up to the giant plasma (if allowed to I would have stayed in to watch DVDs on that huge TV, but alas, we were there to go to a wedding - drat! I mean, we could have thrown a killer after-party there, but the wedding was out in Oak Groove but I digress....).Printer's Row, while father south, is still within walknig distance of Michigan Ave and the parks (we walked over to Taste of Chicago when we stayed). Or you can cab it to nearby attractions for a couple of bucks. There's a few restaraunts across the street and a Starbucks on the corner as well.So, the room was really excellent. But the staff is kinda non-existent (I had to ask for a valet and it's not really clear where you should pull your car up to; also be aware that there's no valet past midnight: I had to park my rental car at the nearby lot myself and walk back on the night of the wedding -- kinda of a drag) and the staff also overall had blah, non-customer centric attitudes. The woman working the front desk did let me use their computer to print out boarding passes after checkout, so kudos for that.I think once this place is completely finished being renovated, it could seriously kick ass -- the room decor was great! But it all depends on how they staff it and how the restaraunt and bar turn out (these were both under construction when we stayed). Also worth noting: the owners are selling furnished condominiums in this building on different floors -- don't know how this will change the atmosphere once residents start moving in. I guess this is a new concept with some renovated hotels - see [-]Would we stay again? Only if we could get a great price (no more than $125 /night). Given that it was summer and a convention was going on in town, we were lucky to get a room -- but here's a NOTE TO THE MANAGEMENT of both Hotel 71 and Hotel Blake: get it together when it comes to your reservation system: having worked for an award-winning travel prodvider [-] I know that the res system is your LIFE BLOOD. BACK IT UP MAN! There was no excuse for not tracking your room inventory closer and backing it up so once the power came back on you can get back online immediately -- this was why we were booted from Hotel 71 -- I can't comment on that hotel except that some of the other wedding guests we met actually went back to it after being put up elsewhere (Le Meriden) and said the rooms weren't all that great there.So overall, this was a mixed bag for us: GREAT ROOM, so-so staff.	
Jul 17 2005	not in a hurry to stay here again	Yes, the hotel is under construction, but that was a minor inconvenience. The air conditioning unit was very loud, the internet server was down, the TV remote didn't work and the hot water tap on the bathroom lav almost took two people to turn it on and off. At check out, the woman didn't bother to ask how we liked the room, I think she knew.	
May 27 2005 	Hotel Bleak	OK, checked into the Blake after making reservations through hotwire, who in the past was pretty consistant. At the entrance I could not find a valet or door man to help with the luggage or parking, no big deal. After checking in and finding the valet Ii took my luggage to the fifth floor. When the elevator opened I found myself in a construction zone. There was no wallpaper or paint on the walls and only about half the floor was carpeted, renovating, no prblem, on to the room. ok room nothing special, except there were wires everywhere at the workstation, and the lights, tv, and fridge did not work. Called the desk, they sent someone up, in the mean time I had found a power strip that had everything plugged into it that was turned off. this turned everything on except the remote for the tv would not work. The maintence man programed it to work. Later that evening I tried to order room service only to be told that there was no restaurant. It was closed and there were several nice restaurants within walking distance. After I voiced my displeasure I was told I would get free parking and a list of restaurants that delivered to the hotel, not to mention the &quot;Continental breakfast.&quot; The next morning at 8a.m. the continental( in the lobby) consisted of coffee and 2 muffins, one chocolate and one chocolate chip.  The toilet would not flush properly, when I ordered food for delivery there was a $2.00 phone charge (they took it off), one soda and ice machine on the 12th floor, an indifferent staff, I actually felt sorry for them, and I never did see any construction going on. It could be nice, but it was bleak.),	
Apr 6 2005	so-so but I didn't actually stay there	I had booked through expedia to stay at the Hotel Blake. Got there and they were undergoing renovations. We were sent to Hotel 71 a 'sister hotel' and told the hotel Blake would phone over. Got to Hotel 71 and they said no one had phoned. Finally got it sorted and a room. will continue review of Hotel 71 under that section. On checking out time I was given a bill (taken directly out of my account) for my stay at hotel 71. Had to go back to hotel Blake and get them to sort it out. Still waiting for my money. Reception - looks terrible - a thick curtain around a few computers is the front desk.I didn't actually stay at the hotel Blake so I can't really say any more about it.	
Dec 29 2004	Very Disappointed	I think I expected some kind of kitchy boutique hotel. No. Just an old hotel. I think a lot of people will like this property. But it wasn't for me.	
Nov 16 2004	Hotel going through major changes and FYI NOT closing	They hyatt on Printers row is going through some major renovations. It has been sold, but will still be available for hotel stay. Rooms have begun to be upgraded. Only hotel in chicago area to have not 1 but 2 plasma tv screens in the rooms. It will no longer be managed by hyatt come the first of the year. People making comments about prairie style and 80's black laquer dont know what they are talking about and that is the conversion of the new renovations . I find it funny that one user complained about the coffee then mentioned a starbucks across the street..FYI Prairie restaurant (in the hyatt) serves only starbucks coffee.. so see you cant believe everything you read or hear... i found my stay very injoyable, the staff very happy and the food to be great!	
Nov 6 2004	Sadly deteriorated: AVOID	This had been one of my favorite Chcago hotels for years. The location is excellent (South Loop, most points of interest are a short walk, including The Art Institute, Grant Park, and the financial district), and the spacious rooms were kept immaculately clean. It had a nice restaurant, comfortable furniture, and an attentive staff. Unfortunately, much has changed for the worse. Apparently the hotel's days as a Hyatt are numbered, and the building is in the midst of a conversion to Condominiums.I'll start with the one remaining positive: the staff remain friendly, efficient, and in-the-know; just what you'd expect from any Hyatt.The room itself was quite dirty: stains on the carpet, mildew in the shower, broken lampshades on fixtures burning cold flourescent bulbs. The windows needed cleaning, and the wallpaper in the bathroom was stained. Got a room change with no problem, second room was no better. Most of the furniture had been removed from the rooms: no writing desk, couch or loveseat, or even a comfortable easy chair. Both rooms had a glass table with two plain, unpadded chairs. This was the ONLY furniture in either room besides the TV cabinet and beds.The formerly classy restaurant &quot;Prarie&quot; had also gone way downhill. Coffee was yucky, and the suasage and bacon tasted like cleaning products. Room service did not respond at 10:30 PM. There's a Starbucks accross the street though, and a suoerb juice bar/ brunch place called &quot;orange&quot; a block away.It's a shame when a good hotel goes bad, but Chicago has many fine options. I suggest avoiding this Hyatt in (what must be) it's final months of operation.	
Aug 21 2004	Perfect place..........	After reading previous reviews of this place, I figured I had to put my two cents in. This is a perfect hotel unless you're looking for luxury. Yeah, the carpets are a little worn, there is a little bit of construction going on, BUT it's in a perfect location and I was able to get it on priceline for 55 bucks.I did stay in the new building (per previous reviews) which was a very nice room. There was also free cable internet and a fitness room. They have since improved the fitness room since previous reviews. There are 3 flat screen TV's, a few cardio machines and a Bowflex type of machine with a few free weights.If you're looking to stay at a place like the Drake, then stay there, but if you'd like to spend your money on something other than where you lay your head down at night and throw your dirty clothes on the floor, then STAY here!!!Hope this helps.......	
Jul 5 2004	Not for everyone--and pretty soon not for anyone		
Jun 9 2004	A decent place in the heart of Chicago		
May 15 2004	No amenities great location		
May 3 2004 	Spacious Rooms Good Location		
Apr 21 2004	Not a bad hotel at all		
Apr 12 2004	Clean Comfortable Stay		
Mar 30 2004	A Charming Place in the Heart of Chicago		
Dec 15 2003	Don't touch that phone!		
Nov 26 2003	Only if you're desperate		
Aug 12 2003	Comfy Quiet and Convenient		
Oct 6 2009 	nel Loop eleganza e comfort		
Sep 25 2009 	Ottimo albergo sia per cordialità che per comodità!		
Aug 16 2009 	breakfast al polistirolo		
