	Very disappointed after having read the reviews	I like boutique hotels. But, this one feels cheap and it's not clean. First of all I asked if I could have a quiet room - yes, they respond. Only to get a corner room full of windows facing the main street. It's impossible to block out the lights (and noise) with many pairs of curtains that you could not get to stay closed. In the bathroom, there was a used towel hanging over the shower curtain. After letting the front desk know, it was actually there the next day as well. The phone had long black hairs on the panel of the phone. The rugs were dingy - just did not feel clean in anyway. There's no real room service and the &quot;free&quot; continental breakfast is not even as good as like a Hampton Inn. When i checked out and checked the bill the rate was 50% more than my colleagues - and when I asked why they said it was my travel agents fault as they did not book a corporate rate. They were so unhelpful and actually quite rude. For $365, you have to be kidding . . . .	
	Great spot for a Chicago weekend	Stayed at the Amalfi during a pre-Turkey day weekend getaway with my husband.We checked in a little after noon on Saturday and were pleasantly surprised that our room was ready. The check in process was smooth, professional and welcoming. They even have chairs at the check in desk for guests to use while registering.Our room was just as expected. Not huge or lavish, but we had a great rate, and were quite pleased. The decor is modern, and the room had a flat-screen plasma tv, an I-home alarm clock etc. Went to lunch at Harry Carrey's Italian steakhouse across the street and split a huge italian beef sandwich at the bar, plus we each had a cup of soup. After that and a couple of Stellas, we were ready for shopping at Macy's (three to four blocks south) and along the Miracle Mile -- just a couple blocks to the east. We did attend the free reception. It was crowded, but everyone was friendly and we enjoyed some wine and the provided snacks. We were a little disappointed there wasn't a view from the reception room as there were fireworks along the river that evening.The next day the breakfast was available by the elevators -- a few types of juice, bagels, sweet rolls, etc. plus coffee and tea. Overall, we were very satisfied with the hotel, service, etc.	
	Not What I Expected	My wife and I stayed at the Amalfi on a trip to visit our son and some friends from Norway who were vacationing in the City. We were excited about staying at the Amalfi after reading the reviews here, but really disappointed in the accommodations. The web site has a photo of the 18 story building that houses the hotel. It doesn't state that the hotel only occupies the first 6 floors of the building. The rest are offices. Our room was on the 4th floor with a view of a blank brick wall about 16 feet distant. The room itself was unremarkable, with standard furnishings equivalent to a Holiday Inn. Although it is close to the best part of the City, it is tucked behind the new Trump Tower and opens on a surprisingly sketchy stretch of road/sidewalk. Our Norwegian friends, by contrast, stayed on the 33rd floor of Swissotel and had views of the Lake and Navy Pier.	
	bad taste in my mouth.....	this is my letter to the management.....Sir or Madam:I am writing to give feedback about our recent stay the Amalfi.We were a guest from 11/20 to 11/23.During our stay we used the &quot;Valet&quot; Service operated through Standard Parking. Our vehicle was returned with stolen items from the glove compartments. Much to my chagrin, $44/day valet service did not include proper security/monitoring, despite the premium over &quot;self park&quot;.I understand that these parking services are sub-contracted by the hotel, but I would think that any worthy hotel would remedy the situation. This was not the case.I hope that your staff will be able to take measures to rectify the situation for future guests	
	disappointed	I booked the Amalfi based on raves from trip advisor but found the hotel to be tired and disappointing.The towel and robes were so old they should have been thrown away. The dresser was broken and it had the feel of a redone office.The rooms were fine and so was the cocktail hour but this hotel is over-rated by many.	
Nov 16 2009 	WONDERFUL experience - will go back again!	Excellent Location!Wonderful Ambiance!Romantic!Trendy!Great, Comfortable Beds!Valet Parking!LOVELY BOUTIQUE HOTEL!	
Nov 15 2009 	Quiet room friendly staff can be noisy outside.	I stayed Nov. 11-15 in a regular room, second floor. I heard no noise from the other rooms; the only time I heard a shower from an adjoining room was when I was in the bathroom. The fact they have a strip across the bottom of the door from the room into the hallway definitely helped block hallway noise.However, unfortunately the hotel can't do anything about outside noise; i.e., kids yelling on the sidewalk, especially at Harry Caray's across the street; idiotic cabdrivers who have to honk their horns for the heck of it; sirens; etc. If you're a light sleeper and have a room facing Kinzie those noises can definitely wake you up.It didn't seem like the room was as big as advertised; to me, it seemed small. However, everything was clean and the room smelled fresh. The double shower was definitely nice!The bellmen recognize you pretty quickly when you're going in and out and greet you with a smile and a warm hello every time! They definitely seem like they enjoy helping visitors.The front desk personnel were also very friendly and greeted with smiles.I loved the breakfast on every floor! Normally I don't get up in time, but I did 3 out of 4 days this time. It was so nice not to have to get on the elevator and go down to a breakfast area. I wish other hotels would copy this! The croissants were delicious! I'd like to see the yogurt colder, though. I don't drink coffee, so I can't comment on that.Went to the manager's reception 1 night. I don't drink, so the bar wasn't a big deal to me, and the only thing I ate was some cheese with the little toast bites. My friend had several pieces of the meats, some of the tapinades, and the artichokes, which he went back for seconds on. I would agree...it is a small room, and would get tight pretty quick. I prefer the spread Homewood Suites puts out...and they change the food every night.I wish the rooms had little refrigerators, and that newspapers were sold in the lobby. I always buy newspapers wherever I go. A USA Today was hung on my door every day, but it would be nice not to have to walk around the block to a 7-11 to get the Tribune and Sun-Times.Housekeeping had some quirks. The first day she put the dirty plates from the breakfast and green coffee glass cups on the floor outside my door. While the plates were taken, the green cup was left there until my last day there...2 days later. I just waited to see how long it would stay there. Dirty glasses were not always replaced; coffee and tea packets also were not always replaced. I always take the toiletries for the Ronald McDonald house; these were replaced every day. However, when I left a note asking for extra towels &amp; glasses, 2 extra towels and 2 extra glasses were left. The first day when I was leaving I happened to see housekeeping go down the other hall, and told her she could do my room any time it was convenient. She went straight to my room to take care of it!I felt very safe here (am a single female). The halls are very well lit, and you have to walk past the front desk to get to the elevators. I do wish the rooms had brighter lighting, though. Even with all the lights on in the room it was hard to read on the bed. And the chair is more decoration than functional; my friend said it was very uncomfortable.The Wi-Fi in the room was slow sometimes, very fast others. But I had no problems logging on and staying on. Alarm clock was very easy to program.FYI: parking rates in Chicago went up again! The self-park garage at State &amp; Kinzie is $37/day. I moved my car down to the garage on Kinzie just west of Clark (a little over a block away). It's $28/day. The lots on Rush &amp; Wabash also went up to $35-$38. The only place it's less is on Wabash just behind that big church on state; it's $25/day there (probably not for long, though!)It was definitely worth $119 night (Travelzoo special). I would certainly stay here again!	
Nov 15 2009 	Impeccable service	Stayed here six nights with my son. Got a deal at 119us per night for a double queen room on travel ticker, a great resource for Chicago hotels. I wanted something with a breakfast as teenagers are always hungry.We got there early and were able to check in right away. I requested a fan for the room, I like the noise to help me sleep, and it was already set up before I could tip the guy! The front desk is also the concierge and they were very knowledgable on the sights I wanted to see. You check in sitting down and the staff seem to remember you, due to the small room numbers I imagine.During my visit they were experimenting with drink 'coupons'....going to the happy hour which were given to me upon check inthey had discontinued it a day or so later, I still have them as a souvenier. I think they were trying to restrict some guests for ordering too much of their top shelf liquor. I enjoyed their italian beer and their house drink, a lemonish martini. Worth the dollar a drink tip, not required. My son would order a coke but he didn't like the evening offerings. That could be changed around a bit, more finger food as the offerings could be messy when socializing. Perhaps gourmet pizza bits. I only was at the hotel for two nights during the manager welcome so not sure if they switch around the menu. I did notice some 'hoarding' at the continental breakfast, excellent. good quality baked goods, juices and coffee/tea. Also very nicely presented. I did see many people unaware that they could go to another floor if they were out of something, perhaps a note placed on each floor explaning this to alleviate frustration.Also I was able to use the free computer and printer in the business center with two macs and 3 windows and no wait there either. What I liked best was the close proximity to Andys jazz club around the corner.I read in other reviews about the location. It's not bad, a little scraggly but being improved and the proximity to Trump tower it should even become a better area.My room was on the sixth, top floor a nice view, directly across from the lounge. Very nice and quiet after 8. If I return, I would stay somewhere else but I would highly recommend it to anyone visiting Chicago.Also our flight was to be later in the evening and the bell hop watched our luggage.When we returned, they didn't even ask for our tickets and had them ready. Great service, a few bucks tip goes a long way at this property.	
Nov 9 2009 	Great Location ok room not ok staff	You cannot beat this location. Walkable to everything in Chicago. Great beds--very comfy, dvd player in room with a few cds and dvds to choose from. Decent breakfast buffet of rolls, pastries, etc, but coffee was bad. Cocktail lounge had decent drinks for free during happy hour. Staff such as doorman/porter were very nice and friendly. Problems were:*Old product in mini-bar, even back to June 2008*Loud mini-bar*could hear everything through vents to other rooms--clearly word for word*cold air flowing--couldn't figure where it was coming from--did not have on*glasses by sink were dirty upon check-in.*called front desk about dirty glasses and was told to go to the buffet/credenza in hall to get clean cups so they wouldn't have to come upstairs, but buffet was locked. Staff did not know this was their own policy.*in- room robes too rough and scratchy to wear* had room with 2 queen sized beds but only enough towel/hook space for one person unless you wanted your towel resting on the toilet. Also, only enough product for one person.All of this could have been taken care of if FD supervisor chose to. I listed to her all of these issues and she chalked them up to &quot;good ideas for management&quot; to know about but seems not to do anything about. When I communicated the issues to her at night I asked if she would be able to do anything for us to compensate for this and she said no. I said comping our taxi to the airport would be good and she said that since it is not the hotel's company she couldn't. I said to her that all taxis will take cash and that the hotel could pay for it. She said she would talk to the manager about it but when it came time for us to leave, nothing was mentioned upon checkout and the girl checking us out new nothing of our issues.So, if management would change to provide service as well as take care of properly maintaining this hotel it could be the property that they THINK it is: unbeatable! For now, it is just a swanky looking hotel in a great location, but the excellence is only on the surface. They need to get over themselves and just be nice to their guests no matter how great the location is.	
Nov 3 2009 	Excellent Hotel!!!	Just got back my husband and I have of an excellent stay at the Amalfi, the room is very large, I think it was the best decision we could have. The amenities are very attractive, free internet, continental breakfast just to turn on the day!, And afternoon happy hour ... with delicious snacks and drinks, you have to try &quot;Amalfitini&quot; the house specialty. The hotel is 8-10 minutes walk from the Clark station, so you do not need to take taxi to get there, there are many restaurants nearby, convenience stores, I recommend the place with the best pizza in chicago &quot;Lou Malnati's&quot; try the pizza &quot;deep dish&quot; is her specialty.	
Nov 3 2009 	A great place to stay	Another trip to Chicago and the Amalfi hotel was again our choice. We were not disappointed. The staff greeted us warmly and cheerfully aided us in planning our days and nights on the town. They seem to have a good feel for the best way to combine all of the activities we wanted to explore and the most direct way to get to them.We purchased the visitors pass at the airport and took the orange line to the hotel which we feel is centrally located to the tourist locations we intend to visit. This time we took the train to see the houses that Frank Lloyd Wright designed and the directions given by the hotel staff were perfect. It was nice to come back and be greeted by the Manager’s evening reception with the delicious cheeses, Italian cold cuts, and a nice variety of roasted vegetables and crackers. Complimentary drinks were cheerfully provided by the always smiling bartender.The room was nicely appointed, the bed very comfortable and the slippers and robe perfect for visiting the delicious continental breakfast provided on each floor outside the elevators every morning. We were pleased to see that it was exactly as we remembered it and one of the best continental breakfasts we have had in any hotel.We are already starting to plan our next trip to Chicago and the Amalfi will again be the only hotel we will consider. I continue to recommend it to everyone including a travel agent who asked me where I stayed during my last trip.Bob and Betsy from Halifax, MA	
Nov 2 2009 	Beds are Legendary.	I stayed here in 2004 and thought it was incredible, and I was very excited to return. I was a little worried that I had overhyped it to myself, and it wouldn't quite live up to the expectations of the younger, more easily impressed me. I was wrong. The Amalfi is one of the best hotel experiences a person can possibly have (outside of the people who drop like 5k a night on rooms). Upon entering, the lobby is nice with music playing, and the checkin is very smooth. The rooms are great. The bed is the most comfortable bed I have ever been in. the mattress, sheets, pillows, everything. I can go on and on about these beds, they are that comfortable. Nice LCD TVs and they leave a few books and jazz CDs in your room which is really cool! I read they have a library of DVDs and CDs if you want. I didnt check out the minibar but from my last experience i think i really liked it. There's not much of a view, but who cares. Nice robe and slippers in the rooms also. The hotel as a gym which is basically a few treadmills, but it helps. USA today at your door every morning. Each floor has a breakfast station which is really cool. Juices, bagels, pastries, etc. The hotel as a complimentary happy hour also, from 530-7 with free alcohol (tip the bartender because they are very nice and hook you up) and some food. cheeses, foccaccia, salami, brushetta, etc. The $ for the hotel is very good for where it is. In the area, there are plenty of bars, grills, restaurants etc. For business travelers, its about a $7 cab ride to the sears tower. The hotel is perfect for business or for traveling to visit chicago with a spouse. I will definitely be returning here!	
Oct 9 2009 	Very pleasant and relaxing stay	The staff was very professional and helpful. The complimentary breakfast and drinks in the evening are just an added bonus to this already great deal. We are already planning our next trip to Chicago, which will definitely include another stay at The Amalfi Hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Love the Amalfi!	Had a great time at the Amalfi for a &quot;girls weekend&quot;. I saw the great ratings and review on Trip Advisor first then began to check out prices on several online booking agents. Found a good price online and then called the Amalfi directly. Not only did they match the price--they beat the price by 10%! So, we got a really good deal on the room!We had four females in one room with two double beds, so it was a little tight but that's to be expected. The room was neat and clean and loved the bathroom.Loved the breakfast on the floor so we didn't have to trek downstairs while getting ready in the morning.The location was great for our trip. Situated about half-way between the Mile and the theater district. Also, the best Thai restaurant in Chicago is right behind the Amalfi (Vongs Thai Kitchen).Had a super experience and would love to stay her again!	
Oct 8 2009 	Chic Hip Hotel with great service and amenities	During our stay, we were greeted and checked in with a hotel associate. Their out of the box check in made us feel like we were their only priority. Staff was knowledgeable, courteous and helpful with directions and giving suggestions on places to go. Unfortunately, there is no lounge or restaurant; however, they do accomodate their guests with a happy hour everyday. We received 4 tickets which entitled you to drinks and complimentary appetizers. The room was spacious and designed with modern decor. It was clean and ready unpon our arrival. We enjoyed our stay and plan to go back very soon! Although it's located off the beaten path (not directly on Michigan Ave) it is very close.	
Oct 8 2009 	AmalfiTini great room great bathroom great everthing	Close to Gold Coast, Mag Mile. Everything was super wonderful. I would stay here every time I go to Chicago now until forever more!	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful	This hotel was a great location and very reasonable for what you got in amenities, free coctail hour including appetizers and a free continental breakfast with delicious pastries	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent!	We picked this hotel due to the Tripadvisor reviews and were not dissapointed!	
Sep 17 2009 	very nice!	we stayed at the amalfi one night, and really liked it. the greeters and doormen were very friendly, and very nice. check-in was nice, but not the friendliest. the manager's reception, was a excellent place to relax before going out to dinner. the appetizers were very nice, and the drinks a plus. the bartender very nice, and helpful. our room had a view of kenzie street, and that was nice. harry carey's is across the street, we went there twice! our room had a beautiful bed, but the rest of the furniture is pretty sparce. the morning breakfast was really great, on every floor, great idea!!! this is a very nice place to stay and a great location.	
Sep 15 2009 	Amalfi is a very nice hotel...	My boyfriend and I were in Chicago for the first time to go to a Cubs game. Our hotel was right across the road from Harry Caray's. The hotel lobby was gorgeous and very modern. The room was beautiful and up to date as well. It included a cd player and a cd collection of jazz music which was a nice touch. The bathrooms were very nice. The bed was incredibly comfortable. We would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 11 2009 	Great central Chicago hotel	We spent 3 enjoyable nights recovering from out jet lag in Amalfi Hotel Chicago. The hotel had just what we were looking for - central location, good comfort in large rooms and a reasonable rate. The hotel has a TV and DVD player, and the reception will lend you movies on request. When the dry cleaners were closed for bank holiday, the hotel staff washed our clothes for free! Our only concern was that a previous guest seemed to have been sick over the upper part of the bathroom door, something the cleaners had failed to notice.There are several restaurants just a block away, and those we checked out were all good.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great stay at reasonable rate	We had a great stay at the Amalfi, room was very comfortable although they vary in size for the same price. The evening reception was a definite plus, good assortment of appetizers and a choice of top shelf drinks, but the line was long on the weekend nights and not enough space to sit and socialize. The free morning breakfast was conveniently located on each floor. I really liked how this hotel didn't nickel and dime you for extras like many Chicago hotels do. Also I appreciated the hotel giving us a late check out as we weren't leaving until late afternoon. The best part was we booked the room at an excellent special price on the hotel's website.	
Sep 6 2009 	Fantastic hotel and top value	A fabulous hotel in every aspect. Hotels throw in complimentery breakfasts quite often, but how often do they offer a free bar and food for an hour and a half each night ! Absolutely tremendous value on both counts. This on top of a first class hotel and excellent room. If you want a room with a great view this may not be it, but I can assure you that all the other facilities are top notch and make up for the view. I cannot reccommend this hotel enough. As others have said beds amazing. You even get a free newspaper every morning. Near to everything as well. TIP. Check out, Second City, in Old Town. A comedy place where John Belushi, Mike Myers plus many more started their careers. A great and very, very funny night	
Aug 29 2009 	excellent ! great service ! mgr. special wonderful	we stayed at the hotel for memorial day weekend and it was great. we booked the manager special and was able to get 2 free drinks and some food the nights we were there. the best was the continental breakfast on each floor. absolutely amazing !!! dual shower heads, and avadia products in the room too..room service comes from Harry Caray's Italian Steakhouse from across the street.parking is $40 per day valet, no matter how many times you come and go. but you can walk everywhere, so we didn't use our car the entire weekend.	
Aug 28 2009 	'Super' Comfy Bed 	1 night stay in a beautiful room at the Amalfi Hotel. The bed and pillows were super comfy. Hotel is very modern and elegant in decor. Hard Rock Cafe within walking distance. Hertz car hire only 1 mintue walk around the corner if you need to hire a car. Free continental breakfast on every level, you just help yourself from the selection and take it back to your room. Room had a fridge, which was a plus for us.I would definately recommend this hotel, I wish I stayed longer.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great Location 	Awesome. Got a great price from Travelzoo.com. The location is easy walking to the shops on State Street and Michigan Avenue. A quick walk to the train or bus. The location couldn't be better. Clean room and great accessible breakfast every morning on the floor. I would stay again in a heartbeat. Thanks to the staff for a great stay!	
Aug 24 2009 	Lovely Hotel!!!	Absolutely perfect hotel stay. We drove in from Detroit, and were met by a nice front desk staff. The concierge was absolutely fantastic...they gave us excellent recommendations for restaurants. The nightly happy hour and daily breakfast buffet was just what we wanted for our weekend in Chicago. Very hip and stylish hotel too! Only complaint would be the internet connection. Was not fast at all and kept cutting out. Keep this in mind if you're a business traveler staying here.	
Aug 23 2009 	A real find! Service like the Ritz but a fraction of the price!	My 12 yr old son and I came into town for his first Bears game and i noted from other reviewers to request something special to commemorate this first. Right after we arrived a jr Bears football and a #1 fan glove appeared at our door. Needless to say this was the start of a great stay - any question, the staff handled as if you were a friend staying in theri house... 'i would like to locate a blackberry charger&quot;... the front desk specialist - here, borrow mine - I&quot;m here until 11&quot;. We really felt taken care of in a new large city. The accomodations are first rate, value is terrific and i ditto the other reviewers on the breakfast - nice surprise - again, feeling like you are staying at someone's home. Stay and enjoy. The view and location are not special - but you are right in the middle of things which overrides the immediate surroundings.	
Aug 14 2009 	Amalfi Is The Best	My wife and I stayed at he Amalfi Chicago Hotel for 4 nights. It is an absolutely fantastic boutique hotel because of location, friendliness of the staff, décor, convenience and overall great value for the money. The name Amalfi is in reference to the Amalfi Coast in southern Italy, hence a lot of the decor and theme of the hotel is Italian based.The hotel is centrally located to most of the major attractions. It is about a block to the north of the Chicago river and a three blocks to the west of Michigan Ave, also known as the Magnificent Mile where all the trendy shops are located. This is the southern end of the Magnificent Mile, and if you walked a mile to the north end you would be at the Hancock Observatory. The hotel is about a 20 minute walk to Navy Pier. If you walk to the south, Macy’s is about 10 minutes away and Millenium Park only about a 15 minute walk. Ther are many fanatastic restaurants within several blocks of the Amalfi such as Joe’s Crab, Shaws, Harry Caray’s and Webers.The staff are extremely friendly and knowledgeable and they helped us with some of our reservations such as the Architectural Boat Tour (a must for tourists to Chicago).The beds were the most comfortable beds we ever slept on and the bathroom was large with high end toilietries. The breakfasts are served on every floor. It consists of bottled juices, coffee, teas, pastries, yogurt and bagels. The only disappointment was that the only protein was cream cheese. I wish they would have had an assortment of hard cheeses and maybe some hard boiled eggs.Every evening from 5:30 – 7:00 pm they have Italian antipasto hors d’oeuvres and unlimited cocktails and beer. This gave us the opportunity to relax after a day of sightseeing and before venturing out for dinner and nightlife.The Amalfi Hotel Chicago is one of the very best places we have ever stayed and I would recommend staying here.	
Aug 6 2009 	Very disappointing!	I was really excited about staying at the Amalfi after reading several reviews online. Unfortunately, it was a very disappointing experience. When we arrived, we were told that there was a mistake and the hotel was oversold. So, we had to move to another hotel. Amalfi did take care of the other hotel, cab fare, and after much negotiating...breakfast. We were traveling with 2 children and all of this was very inconvenient. Instead of getting up the next morning and going to the museum as we had planned, we had to get up, pack up our suitcases, check out of the hotel, take a cab, check back into the Amalfi, only then could we head to the museum. We were also told that our first night's stay would be refunded. Well, more than 3 weeks and 3 phone calls later...there still hasn't been a refund. I can't even get a manager to call me back. The Amalfi wasn't all bad, it is centrally located close to train and bus stops and has many restaurants within walking distance. The coctail reception had a nice selection of drinks and appetizers. However, it was in a very small room and there was no place to sit both nights we attended. One reason we picked the Amalfi was that it had 2 queen beds instead of doubles, but they seemed really small for queens. Our view from our room was of the alley. So, overall the best part of staying at the Amalfi was the night that we were sent to another hotel and had a wonderful view of the city from the 22nd floor. Very disappointing indeed!	
Aug 5 2009 	FANTASTIC HOTEL	Great hotel, friendly staff, clean, quiet, very central for downtown, good breakfast,perfect location to explore the city.	
Aug 5 2009 	Best hotel I've ever stayed at and I've been a lot of places	We had the pleasure of staying at the Amalfi hotel this past weekend. We were there from July 31 - August 4. We had two days that we paid full price for; the other two nights we got a discount online. I will give you the pros and the cons:PROS:(1) Excellent location. You could go for a leisurely walk at night time without there being 400 tourists in your face, unlike the places right on Mag Mile. It was in a safe neighbourhood and close to a ton of great restaurants in the Gold Coast and River North. If you are taking the boat tour, it was about 3 minutes away. We walked everywhere. Our room was facing Harry Carey's, and on the 2nd floor, so I was worried it would be noisy, but it turns out it was completely quiet.(2) Best beds EVER. So comfortable I was sad to come home.(3) Great breakfast spread. They had bananas, apples, oranges, yogurt, coffee (decaf and reg!), tea, juices, bagels, muffins, donuts, danishes, crossiants, etc. It was really fresh, too.(4) AMAZING evening lounge. For free! Get there for 5:25, because the line-ups are pretty intense. They give you free drinks, generous (tip the bartenders) amounts of alcohol in the drinks, and have a wide selection for the open bar. We went every night we were there (actually from 5:30 - 7, despite what the website says). The food spread was really good there, too, they had sliced meats, cheeses, breads, and some antipasto. This was a good idea to do before dinner, so you could relax and then go out for dinner a bit later. (5) We checked in early and they had a room ready for us. CONS:No real complaints. The only thing is housekeeping (I seem to have bad luck with housekeeping!). The first time they did maid service on our room, they didn't give us any more toilet paper, even though we had about one more use left on our roll. They didn't refill our Kleenex, either, even though the tissue was orange (indicating the end of the box). I called down and asked for another roll of toilet paper, and when we returned five hours later - still no toilet paper. Later, we had the sign on our door that said &quot;do not disturb&quot; -- and when we returned they had made-up our room, meaning they entered without permission. I called and asked about this, and they said that the maid had been confused by the sign on the door. It wasn't a huge problem but it creeped me out because I had stuff lying around and wasn't expecting them to enter.	
Jul 28 2009 	Above and Beyond	We decided to stay at Amalfi on Sunday, July 5 since we were in town to attend a Cubs game. We arrived at the hotel around noon with the intention of asking if they would hold our bag since we were sure they wouldn’t let us check-in yet. We took a seat at the check-in table and were told that it shouldn’t be a problem for us to check in early – very nice and greatly appreciated! We were also asked if we would like some bottled water while we were waiting to check-in which I thought was a nice touch. After the room was taken care of he then gladly provided us with directions on how to catch the train to the stadium. We quickly dropped our bag in our room and headed to the game. After the game, we were lucky enough to get back in time for the nightly reception. We were pleasantly surprised about the really good drinks and a nice buffet of items to snack on. We must have been there on a good day since we didn’t have to deal with the long lines that I had read about. Our room was very nice – loved the bed and the pillows. The bathroom was also a nice size - the shower was awesome with the 2 shower heads and Aveda products that were provided. The robe was extra comfortable too –the sign on the robe that said it was electronically monitored did make me laugh. We also enjoyed the complimentary breakfast in the morning which is provide on each floor. I can agree with the other reviewers that there isn’t much of a view but that wasn’t an issue since everything else about this hotel was first class. I hope we are lucky enough to be able to stay at this hotel in the future.	
Jul 26 2009 	comfort.	Hotel and staff were excellent. Hotel was very well appointed and semi close to where I needed to be.	
Jul 22 2009 	Clean Quiet and Comfortable room	we just got back from the Amalfi and loved everything about it. All the staff was very personable, yet perky... not stuffy at all. The bed with 7 pillows was incredible and the double shower heads made for the best hotel shower I've come across. The breakfast served on every floor was incredible convenient and tasted incredible. We took full advantage of the Manager's Reception every night. The bartender was very skilled and the food served was awesome. The Amalfi has a great location if you're there on business or are looking for close bars open late, but you'll have to walk a bit to get to shopping. Free internet and pets allowed. Although they were 100% full while we stayed, we heard no noise from our room. No restaurant on site but Harry Carry's is across the road and all room service comes from there. Try eating as Shaw's Crab House, about a block away when you go!	
Jul 22 2009 	The Amalfi was wonderful	I really enjoyed staying at the Amalfi. The decor is beautifully done and brought back wonderful memories of my travels to the Amalfi coast and Capri. The breakfast was great. You could get a plate full of food and coffee and take it back to your room. The location is nice for shopping on the Magnificent Mile or going to the park. I found the staff to be very friendly and accommodating.	
Jul 20 2009 	Fabulous!! Comfortable and complimentary breakfast and reception wonderful!	My sister and I just returned from a weekend in Chicago and stayed at the Amalfi. We found an amazing rate on Travelzoo that included valet parking. We called ahead to get early check in since we were going to arrive earlier than expected and the staff was more than happy to accomodate us. The lobby was small but nicely decorated with modern decor. There are only 6 floors in this hotel and our room was on the 5th floor on the back side, Our view was of a small parking lot and a few hotels and condos. I can't imagine that the front rooms have any better views, but we weren't in our room long enough to care about the view anyway. The breakfast on each floor was very nice- donuts, patries, bagels, yogurt, fruit, as well as coffee, teas, and juices- and you take it back to your room. The room was nice and the bathroom was spacious with a rounded shower curtain, lighted make up mirror with seat, and aveda products. The rooms have nice flat screen lcd/plasma tvs, wifi, iron/ironing board, safe, hairdryer, dvd/cd player and writing desk. The minibar was stocked with snacks and drinks that weren't too ridicuously overpriced but still to pricey for me. They have a fitness room that has 3 treadmills, 2 ellipticals, and 2 bikes, as well as free weights. The fitmess room also has filtered water, towels, and 2 tvs. The highlight of our stay was the complimentary evening reception with cocktails/beer and food. The location is great and we walked everywhere during the daytime. It's one block north of the river and a few blocks from the Magnificent Mile on Michigan Ave. The House of Blues is across the street as well. There is a CVS a block away, Keefers restaurant next to it, Harry Carey's across the street(which is where the room service is from which is somewhat expensive), and many restaurants in the area. They offer in room spa services but it was too pricey for us to indulge in that luxury. The staff is very friendly and always ready to help with anything! If you are looking for an affordable hotel in a great location with free breakfast and reception, this hotel is must!	
Jul 10 2009 	great hotel	unfortunately for us we arrived on the fourth of July at 4pm and our room was not ready as the hotel had been so busy. After travelling for 12 hours we were not very happy so we accepted a room that was inferior to what we had paid for just to get checked in. We could have changed rooms later but as we were there for only 4 days it was just not worth the hassle.Now for the positve!!!! Hotel staff were always friendly and could not do enough to help with any questions we had. The complimentary breakfast was very welcome and taking it back to our room was good as we did not have that much time in Chicago. The cocktails in the evening were fantastic, the bar staff were great and you could have almost anything you wanted to drink. It was a lovely start to the evening. A special thanks has to go to the &quot;heating engineer&quot; or whatever their name is for him. We could not get our aircon right in our room and he really went out of his way to help. Well done Amalfi your people are great.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great Hotel Location and Price!	I stayed at the Amalfi for a week while attending a training class in Chicago. This was the best hotel to stay at as far as value and location. They didn't have many amenities but was smack in the middle of downtown and within walking distance to just about EVERYTHING in Chicago. The price was really great and the hotel was just remodeled so it was really clean and trendy. Free Wi-Fi in the rooms and free hors d'œuvre /drinks every day in the comfortable lounge. There is no restaurant in the hotel but it's right across the street from Harry Caray's restaurant and room service is from the same restaurant.	
Jun 23 2009 	Absolutely outstanding staff outstanding service and great location.	My decision to book our rooms at the Amalfi Chicago for our extended stay for almost a week with our family was without a doubt the best stay in our years of travel. We had a late arrival and had a long flight. From the moment we walked in we were greeted with smiles from the staff , extremely courteous and eager to help. Our check in was fast and smooth. There is a sense of luxury, calmness and comfort when you walk in. The breakfast on our floor was a delight. The coffee was just steps from our room...to me that was a very big plus. The free cocktails and appetizers in their lounge are fabulous. The staff behind the bar were friendly and of course they have a glass jar for tips which we thought was appropriate. Excellent way to relax, enjoy a drink, a snack and go back touring,shopping , a show or late dinner.Hotel is walking distance to many restaurants., Blocks from shopping and touring sights. Very pleasant rooms and quite comfortable. After a long day of touring, their pillows are simply the best.  Karine their Experience Designer is absolutely amazing ! She was a &quot;great&quot; help with getting tickets, directions, making suggestions, and transportation information to destinations and making our stay definitely a memorable one. All of Amalfi’s staff was very helpful and make you feel so welcomed. Little did I know this hotel would make my first trip to Chicago a beautiful experience. I have stayed in many 4 and 5 star hotels, I must say this hotel has outstanding service !outstanding staff ! outstanding location ! Has beautiful decor.The lobby is small and does not have the high floors you’d expect ... I must say , staying here was the best choice in hotels I have made in all my years of traveling. I will definitely come back and will recommend this hotel to my family and friends for business and leisure.	
Jun 22 2009 	great little hotel	Found this hotel on expedia and then read reviews on tripadvisor berore booking.. Wonderful service; easy check in. Valet parking only which was a little pricy. The lobby is beautifully done and so was the room. Great toiletries by Aveda. Continental breakfast provided on each floor in the elevator lobby. Nightly cocktail hour with drink tickets provided at checkin. No complaints whatsoever. Would definitely stay again.	
Jun 21 2009 	Great Rooms and Gym; Staff and service questionable	Staying at the Amalfi is the tale of two halves. The hotel as a facility is very nice with quiet rooms, comfortable beds and a nice gym.However, the breakfast was mediocre at best (stale coffee and bread) and traveling up a floor for a toaster is senseless (they had to buy a lot of equipment so why not a toaster for each floor). It appears that the staff cut backs (assumed) have started to take its toll on the hotel's overall quality.The final straw was when I called to ask for a late check-out and was told that the cleaning staff had said that no more late check-outs were allowed for today. Enjoy the room but don't bank on the little extras (like you read elsewhere for this review) until the economy picks up.	
Jun 15 2009 	Glad Other Places Were Booked - The Amalfi Was A Great Find	We stayed at the Amalfi Hotel on the weekend of June 13th. With lots of events in Chicago that weekend, many of the places we tried to book first were full. We found a decent rate at the Amalfi, which included parking, complimentary cocktails, and a light breakfast (total cost was $299 including tax). We really liked the room. It was clean and beautifully decorated with some nice extra touches (such as good magazines), the bed and pillows were very comfortable, and the bathroom had Aveda products and a fantastic double shower-head. The in-room heating and cooling system was quiet and worked well. The lobby was upscale, and the check-in and check-out were streamlined and very fast. All staff were friendly and courteous.We did take advantage of the complimentary cocktail hour in the lounge - we got there about 15 minutes prior to the end, and there was a long line for the bar, but it moved fairly quickly and we were able to get our drinks and relax in a quiet corner. They serve some light appetizers along with top-shelf liquor. Breakfast was basic (coffee, juices, fruit, yogurt, bagels and muffins) but adequate. It is served on each floor, which is really convenient. We also liked the location of the hotel - it is very central and close to lots of downtown destinations. Obviously, on a summer weekend, many of our fellow guests were there to enjoy the downtown area, so there was a little noise from party-goers and some street noise, but nothing significant.Overall, the price was not a bargain, but we felt we definitely got what we paid for and we would make this one of our first choices for a return trip.	
Jun 10 2009 	love this hotel - beautiful outstanding staff and near everything to see in Chicago!	My husband and I went to Chicago this past weekend for our anniversary. Honestly the Almafi Hotel dropped into our laps, as we didn't have a clue where to stay. But upon looking at other great reviews and for the price, we went for it. And it was wonderful - we had a corner, king size suite. We were blown away as soon as we opened the door - fairly large suite with two rooms (sofa and large HD TV in one and fairly large bedroom with king bed, HD TV in the other), with windows in each room that extended all throughout, looking out onto the streets of Chicago. Very fun and trendy, CLEAN, double-headed shower, lots of fun amenities like CD's, books, magazines, and Aveda spa products in the bathroom with vanity mirror and stool. Beautiful and tasty breakfast in the morning on each floor and free drinks at night in the bar that were excellent. And the staff was incredibly friendly (always saying hello with a smile) and very eager to help in any way, from planning events to storing your luggage on check out day if your flight or train doesn't leave until later. The hotel is a 20 minute walk from Union Station or 5 minutes by bus (124). Can't beat this hotel, honestly!!	
Jun 9 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	I stayed in the Amalfi over Memorial Day weekend with my fiance and we had a great stay and experience. Our room was nice and clean, with a comfortable pillow top king size bed. The bath products are Aveda and that will win me over any day. The rooms do have thin walls but I think that's pretty typical. It's true that there is a complimentary cocktail hour from 5:30-7:00. You can get nearly any cocktail you want and there is a selection of wine and beer. The Amaflitini, their signature drink, wasn't my kind of drink (I'm a dirty martini kind of gal) but lots of folks really liked it. Another perk is that you can rent movies for free and watch them in the comfort of your bed. We're not usually one to watch a movie on our vacation but we were completely exhausted on our last evening there. So we watched a movie after our dinner and walk. The location is perfect. It's a few blocks away from Michigan Ave and all the shops. It's right in the middle of a heavy populated restaurant area and the restaurants are even open late. It's also close to several public transportation stops. All of this is in walking distance.	
Jun 2 2009 	Awesome Stay at the Amalfi	We booked the Amalfi at the last minute, almost by accident. I found it on Travel Ticker for $129, which included valet parking. A great deal, coupled with the stellar reviews on TripAdvisor, inspired us to give it a try. We were very pleased with this hotel.Pros: Awesome location in the heart of the city. Comfortable room and bed. Free internet. Free reception nightly with heavy appetizers and top-shelf alcohol. Friendly, accommodating staff. Beautiful, simple decor.Cons: The only con we had was no view from the room.We loved the Amalfi. They don't nickel and dime you like many city hotels. Instead, they actually have complimentary services which make the guest feel valued. We would return here in a heartbeat.	
May 20 2009 	Simply fantastic	One of my best hotel stays ever - especially after living in New York (in a tiny room) for a week before going to Chicago. - A gorgeous design hotel to a very decent price! - The room was beautiful and as a large as a small apartment - as well as the bath. - The staff was so friendly and helpful- The breakfast was great (and included) - I also loved the concept that they served it on every floor and that you then could bring it to your room. - Luxury to a budget price - it doesn't get better than this!I will be sure to return on my next trip to Chicago and sincerely recommend it to everyone!	
May 19 2009 	A Gem My new favorite!	First, let me say that I have no connections with the Amalfi. I don't work there, know any one that works there, or have any other reason for writing this except to let others know what a great place this is. The hotel is very conveniently located, in nice walking distance to many restaurants, shopping locations, and entertainment. The lobby is rather small, but attractive, and that is the last thing you notice once you see the terrific smiles on the faces of the staff greeting you. The beds are comfy and the rooms quite clean and nicely decorated. The morning breakfast set on each floor is terrific! The evening cocktails and snacks are a real plus in a city where cocktails can be quite expensive. One of the biggest pluses is the courtesy of the staff. I've stayed a lot of places where the staff has been cordial and competent, but this place takes the cake. The staff actually seem genuinely glad to see you. I actually think the really like their jobs!I'll stay here again many times. This is a gem of a property, priced right and with nice freebies - breakfast, cocktails, wireless internet, and dvd check-out. It's a real find, but please...ssshhhh...don't tell anyone. I want to make sure I have a room for my next trip!	
May 14 2009 	lovely hotel with great staff in a central location	my husband and I stayed here for a week in April. It was very clean the bed linen was changed each day.The bathroom and bedroom were spotless.The complimentary breakfast was great.It was layed out beside lift area.It consisted of juice, fruit, yogurt,tea/coffe and pastries. It was really appreciated. You brought it to your room to eat.The staff were very helpful and efficient.If there was a problem it was sorted in a very professional way.I would really recommend this hotel as it was great value.The location is excellent.	
Apr 26 2009 	Not quite like the pictures but ok	I spent a lot of time researching hotels and just thought this one was so so. It looks chic in the photos but it's missing something...or a lot. It's pretty basic and the rooms are just so so. It's kind of like they wanted to be upscale and hip but missed the mark somehow with the decor. It was like a W wanna be. Don't like to be so honest but that was my impression. All the pictures of Amalfi got a bit redudant as well. We got the message that they like the Amalfi coast which I'm sure is nice. But you didn't feel like you were there with the decor and pictures. Not sure if they were trying to have that effect or some other effect. At least I thought the service was a lot nicer than the W. They had a basic cold breakfast buffet (kind of boring, but hey, it's breakfast) on each floor which is convenient and they have a cocktail lounge that is also included on week night evenings. It seemed like one big business party when I went in, so I got something and quickly left as I didn't want to interrupt everyone that seemed to know eachother from that particular company. I think there are nicer areas to stay in Chicago rather than this area as it looks a bit dingy around the hotel. It has the feel of an old side street that's seedy (even though it's not seedy at all). It's on a wierd street though. Yeah, there are a lot of restaurants in the area, but it's not where you want to be. If your a tourist as you're better off staying near the Water Tower area (on North Michigan Avenue) or near the lake (Lakeshore Drive) where you can walk in the parks, go shopping, and see Lake Michigan within a few steps. This is too far from that. If you've just got business meetings in the area then the hotel is fine. It seems frankly to be more of a business hotel as we saw business people zipping in and out. If you get a good rate and want a safe decent place, then this is just fine. But I think you can find plenty of others that are better in a better more convenient area in Chicago. You have to pay for parking by the way.	
Apr 2 2009 	Fabulous Value...	I've been staying at the Amalfi hotel and I'd have to say it's got to be the best value out there. It's immaculately clean, the staff are lovely, and the complimentary breakfast offers fruit, yogurt, juice and pastries. They also have a complimentary cocktail hour. Could it get any better?	
Mar 28 2009 	Beautiful hotel great customer service and fantastic amalfitini's!	My husband and I had to travel to Chicago in January of 2008 to meet a doctor to help us with having children. We wanted to stay some place special but also had a budget! We were excited to find out that their normal price of rooms were priced down in January, which then allowed us to be able to afford to stay there! We stayed there just one night but loved our stay! Our bed was absolutely beautiful! I loved the covers! The only drawback to our room was a misunderstanding with the type of room we received. I thought we were getting the room with the rounded wall with windows when they said king corner, but it was a corner room with each sides of the windows facing another building just feet away. So there was NO view from our room. Also, they lobby was very small so there was not that many places to walk around in the hotel. I LOVED their complimentary Amalfitini's they served. One of the best drinks i have ever had! Very yummy! I would definitely stay here again!	
Mar 17 2009 	Great place to stay in Chicago!!!	The Amalfi Hotel was practially perfect in every way!!!! The rooms were nice, comfortable &amp; clean. The bathroom was very roomy &amp; even had a make up mirror &amp; vanity. It felt like home. The service was wonderful, the staff friendly &amp; helpful &amp; it was a great location!!I recommend it to anyone. We got a great price through Orbitz.	
Mar 15 2009 	Good location clean rooms and value for money	Small boutique hotel, modern. Good location, and great deal booked through Expedia. Clean new rooms and bathrooms with modern fittings. Comfortable beds. Small closet space. On one occasion, toilet overflowed, and took several hours to finally fix it (required a few phone calls down to reception). Excellent complimentary continental breakfast on every floor (takeaway baskets to take back to your room)- make sure you get there early to get a bigger selection. Used gym once- good new facilities, considering it is a small hotel. Free Internet was great- two computers in a small room (?business centre) on top floors. Liked: Location, Value for money, free breakfast on every floor, free Internet in business centreDisliked: Toilet overflowing; small closet	
Mar 2 2009 	Excellent hotel great location	I stayed at the Amalfi for 3 nights in February. As previous posters have mentioned, you can call the hotel directly to get a better rate; both the hotel's website and the reservations agent originally quoted $200+ a night. When I pointed out that both Expedia and hotels.com were charging $130 a night, the reservations agent asked me to hold for a few minutes, then said that they would be willing to match the lower rate!The lobby is recently renovated, and the hotel as a whole is very nicely done. From check-in to the time we left, they were extremely helpful and pleasant. When we asked the front desk about taking an architectural tour of Chicago, they looked up the times and price, and even offered to call the Architectural Society to inquire about whether the tours were full. I also overheard another staff member offer to print out movie showtimes for another guest and bring them to another his room!The rooms were large and well appointed; ours had 2 queen sized beds (extremely comfortable and soft) and a clock/radio that you could also play your iPod music on. The shower was amazing (two showerheads) and is stocked with Aveda products. Our room was at the side of the hotel and looked out onto an alley. Previous posts have mentioned the considerable noise from garbage trucks; while you could hear the noise (we were on the 5th floor), it was either evening or morning and not at unreasonable times.There is an open bar every evening but we didn't sample it. The free continental breakfast each morning is a huge plus; they put our a breakfast spread on each floor by the elevators, with bottled juice, pastries, bagels, tea, and coffee. You can get your breakfast while still in your PJs and bring it back to your room, unless you want to toast your bread, in which case you have to go up to the 6th floor.The location of the hotel is ideal for exploring Chicago. It's a short, 5 minute walk to State station; we were able to take the El train (Orange line) from Midway airport directly to State then walk to our hotel. It's right by the Chicago river, a 10-15 minute walk to both Millennium Park and the Magnificent Mile, and within walking distance to many excellent restaurants.	
Feb 21 2009 	Great location and service but nothing to do with the Amalfi Coast	This is a very nice option to take advantage of the many amenities Chicago has to offer. It has a great location and the greeters up front are very helpful. It does certainly add to the safety factor that they recognize and greet all hotel guests.The cocktail reception was very good, but our advice is skip the signature Limoncello Martini, we and not anyone that was around us cared for it, and we love lemoncello! We would have much preferred a cold limoncello shot the way they are actually served on the Amalfi Coast.Breakfast was also good with tasty options, but not having a simple toaster, was a drawback.The rooms while small are very comfortable, and very nicely appointed. There was a party in a room adjoining us, which sometimes got loud, but the room was really pretty soundproof considering the noise of the party.As past visitors to the Amalfi Coast, why this hotel is named after that area was beyond us. Besides a couple of pictures, there was absolutely nothing about the hotel that resembled the Amalfi Coast,. We kind of expected the bright blues, yellows and whites that adorn most of the decor of that area. Not even one ceramic piece of decoration for which they are famous.The Amalfi Coast should complain, really if anyone travels their expecting boring beige, browns and dull burnt orange colors, they may be overloaded by the spectacular beauty of the region.We went over to HUB 51 for lunch, which is a wonderful alternative to the touristy joints, like Harry Carry's. It is also across the street, just the opposite corner and down a block.Had much more eclectic menu options.They are running great deals right now, I know Travelzoo's rate was $94 which was a value that can't be beat.Overall, not our favorite, but we would return for a good rate.	
Feb 20 2009 	Excellent stay at Amalfi	Hotel is great, it is within walking distance to so many activities. It only has six floors so if you are looking for an amazing view of the city, this isn't the hotel for you. What it lacks in view it makes up for with everything else.... The staff is so helpful and friendly, we felt like guests. We haven't been treated that way in years. They go out of their way to say hello and make sure you are happy. Each morning we had a USA Today hanging on our door.The bed in the rooms are so comfortable, I didn't miss my own at home! Remember to bring your ipod, they have an iHome that you can use. They have a makeup mirror and hair dryer in the bathroom. The bathrooms are stocked daily with Aveda products and if you choose to have the key to the minibar, which is also stocked daily.It was refreshing to have breakfast available on your floor that you can just run down and grab something to take back to your room. Coupled with the happy hour in the evening, it was nice to enjoy drinks and great food without putting a hurt on the wallet. Our room was close to the lounge where the happy hour was, once we were in our room, we couldn't hear a peep.We look forward to coming back to this hotel again and cannot say enough how much we enjoyed staying there.Based on another review, we ventured over to Rockit Bar and Grill - fabulous. It was a great recommendation, wonderful food and service.Taxi from the airport will run you between $40 -$45. If you choose the airport shuttle (not affiliated with the hotel), roundtrip is $36 per person. You make your return reservation the day before, but we didn't anticipate them making multiple stops, so if you're not in a rush, this service is pretty convenient.	
Feb 20 2009 	Wonderful experience	My husband and I stayed at Amalfi for one night in February. We lucked into finding this hotel through a Travelzoo top 20 deals email and only paid $94/night for a king. Reading the previous reviews on this site it seems we got a great deal. Our stay was amazing. The renovation is now complete and the lobby and rooms are gorgeous. The mattress and sheets were very comfortable. A few others remarked on the size of their rooms. I felt our room, 633, was more than adequate. I did not feel the room was at all small. But perhaps that is because our room was a king versus two doubles, perhaps? The room included a nice lounge chair and lamp by the window which was nice to sit back in and peruse the Chicago publications the hotel offered in the room to read. The double headed shower was warm and powerful. We probably showered about 10am on Monday morning, and hot water was not an issue. The Aveda bath products were a nice treat. The bathroom, and the room in general, looked and smelled very clean. Now that I think about it even the hallways of the hotel smelled wonderful. Just a nice clean smell, nothing heavy or like perfume. The complimentary reception for guests on the 6th floor was a nice touch. A tip jar was present and we gladly tipped with each trip to the bar to get another delicious Amalfatini, their signature drink (although they offer many other drink choices...I saw quite a few cosmopolitans). The food offering at the reception was adequate, but nothing spectacular. A selection of meat, cheeses, crackers, and a vegetable/dip tray, if I remember correctly. But we weren't looking to fill up as we had reservations at The Prime House for 7:30, which was about a 8-10 minute walk away. The 55 dry-aged steak there was fabulous! The complimentary continental breakfast was also appreciated. I wasn't wowed by the offerings which were kinda standard cold fare selections (pastries, bagels, fruit, yogurt), but hard to complain about a free breakfast. What I was wowed by were the staff members. Everyone we interacted with were very friendly and helpful. It's amazing what a difference that can make on your overall impression of a hotel, or for any business for that matter, I suppose. Simply put you just felt very welcomed. It was a nice change of pace from other Chicago hotel experiences we've had. Our family travels to Chicago 1 to 2 times a year for just a small get-away and to take in a few of our favorite eating destinations. We usually try to find accomodations for about $100/night. We enjoyed our Amalfi experience so much we will probably be back irregardless of cost, as I don't imagine our $94/night offer will be often repeated unfortunately. We paid $44 for hotel valet parking (again the staff were wonderful) with unlimited in and out priviledges, but the location was so convenient that we just chose to walk everywhere.	
Feb 16 2009 	Only ups for us!!	And two &quot;way ups&quot; at that. We just finished a two-night stay at the Amalfi, and have only very good things to say. The room was clean and comfy....the bed fluffy and cozy...the staff was extremely helpful and friendly....the location is the best of all the hotels we've tried so far. If you're at all familiar with this hotel, you know they went through a remodeling. It's finished, and it's terrific. Very tastefully decorated lobby, hallways, and rooms - particularly the bathrooms. Loved the complimentary continental breakfast, and what a cool idea! Each floor has its own setup. You go out and get whatever coffee, tea, juice you want, plus pastries, fruit, yogurt, bagels, etc - then take it all back to enjoy in your room...then of course back for more anything you need. (And I haven't run across many breakfast setups that have pain au chocolat, but the Amalfi does). Then there's the nightly complimentary reception - wine, beer, and cocktails to accompany an Italian-themed appetizer buffet, loaded with tasty choices. We loved both ends of the day!One last word about the location. It was such an easy walk to our favorite activities - the Art Institute, the Cultural Center, and of course shopping. Never needed a bus or a taxi. In fact, we love to take walks on trips like this as a form of exercise (though there is a very well-equipped health center in the hotel) and we had to go out of our way to make them longer - all of our spots were just too close to the hotel. So a really great stay and great recommendation from two extremely satisfied customers who will definitely return. I won't name the other hotels from previous trips, but though they were good, we have now been spoiled!	
Feb 4 2009 	Amalfi keeps getting better	Updated info: They're done with lobby construction and the new lobby is very nice with a flowing water feature and updated furnishings. This renovation just happened as they celebrated five years in business. The Amalfi Hotel occupies floors 2-6 or a 17-story office building in downtown Chicago, in a very convenient location... walking distance to Magnificent Mile shopping and within a block or two of five fine steakhouses (Keefers is in the same building, Harry Caray's, Sullivans, Ruth's Chris, Smith &amp; Wollensky are just a block away, Chicago Chop House, Kinzie Chop House, Morton's of Chicago are very short walks).Service is very nice, although I didn't challenge their &quot;experience designers&quot; (why can't we just call them the front desk clerks?). The maids are &quot;comfort stylists&quot;, the porters are &quot;impressionists&quot;. Are we paying for these words? Sounds expensive. And silly. All of the valet, bellhop and wait staff, regardless of what fluffy title they were given, were remarkably kind for Chicago.The best way to experience the Amalfi is to find your best deal on one of the discount websites (I used Expedia) and call the Amalfi to get a rate match. They will do that. You may see a rate above of over $300 a night, but I just stayed there for $132 a night, and you can't beat that at any other classy place downtown. My personal previous best rate was at the House of Blues before they became Hotel Sax at $145 a night. Valet parking, as it is in downtown, was up there.. $44 a night with in and out privileges. Not a trace of cigarette or cigar smoke in the place... it's relatively quiet for downtown... the infrastructure works well (icemaker, refrigerator, door locks, HVAC, elevators, etc.)... and the beds are the best you'll sleep on (better than I own). The wireless networking was fast and smooth, and no extra cost. The LodgeNet television/in-room movie system is still undergoing a transition to HD, so the TV video wasn't HD and was stretched for now, and the reaction to the remote was slow. They promised this was undergoing improvement soon. I'll stay there regularly unless they charge me rack rates.	
Jan 28 2009 	Ups 	Decided to stay at this hotel based on this site and another site’s recommendation. Went to Chicago for a romantic weekend with my husband; our only solid plans was to see Wicked. We booked through Orbitz ($246 final total for 2 nights) since they had a 20% hotel sale and then had a 15% coupon code in January. The hotel will match any internet price and give you a free upgrade (but couldn’t match all the discounts we got).I chose the hotel since it was centrally located and had complementary breakfast and cocktails.Even though I had called a week before about our dates, the hotel failed to mention that their lobby was closed &amp; being renovated. They did everything out of this small hallway by the elevators. I inquired about the cost of upgrading and the guy went into a long speech about how they don’t know Orbitz price so they wouldn’t know how much it would be. Usually I either simply get a complimentary upgrade or just pay a small set fee. Oh well.The room was somewhat small (it is downtown Chicago) and if we were in a room anywhere lower than the 5th floor we would have had a view of a brick wall. The room was nice and the beds were VERY comfortable. In our bathroom there were a couple dark hairs in the tub that I have a hard time believe the cleaning staff could have missed. If it wasn’t already midnight when we arrived I would have probably gone down and complained. Everything else seemed very clean. The breakfast is simple coffee, bottled fruit juice, and pastries. It was great to be able to throw on a robe, go into your hallway, grab a cute tray and bring back food to your room.One of the other reasons that I choose this hotel was their “experience designers”. We started by searching for a good sushi restaurant for lunch. The guy wasn’t very helpful other than giving us a print out of the address of one nearby. I was so disappointed with my experience designer’s lack of energy or care, that I ended up going to their business center and using TripAdvisor to find a good place for dinner.On the point of the business center, it is free, had 4 computers (1 mac) and a printer. Two of the four were frozen, but it is still nice to find a hotel in Chicago that isn’t going to find every little thing to charge you for. They also had free wireless internet and don’t forget the free breakfast and cocktails.In terms of the cocktails, we never took advantage of it. We arrived too late on Friday night, and Saturday we were out exploring Chicago from their 5:30-7 timeframe. All in all, the breakfast in bed and the location can’t be beat. I wouldn’t mind coming back, but I am going to try a different hotel next visit to downtown Chicago.	
Jan 17 2009 	Amazing Boutique Hotel!	My parents and I stayed at the Amalfi in July 2008 on our summer trip to Chicago. It took a few minutes of driving in circles to find it, but eventually we did. The moment our car pulled up to the curb, two helpful men were there to take our luggage into the hotel and valet our car (valet survice is offered). It`s true that the lobby is small compared to most hotels, but what it lacks in space, it makes up in quality. The whole hotel smells like fresh flower and zest, and the bright, modern colours really add a nice touch. The conceirge booked us into our room right away, and we had staff bring our luggage up to the room. Our room was on the top floor of the hotel (there are other businesses on the higher floors), and the best place to be. The room was quite small, but it was very clean, comfortable and had a pretty good view from the window (not like it matters all that much). There were many new magazines like InStyle, ect on the desk, which was great. The bathroom stocks the most amazing Aveda products, which I admit to taking a few home with me. The two-headed shower is lovely and the bathroom is overall very clean and modern. Our room was right across from the room where they offer free happy hour and light food at night. You would think it would be noisy, but from in our room, you could hear nothing. The happy hour was great, you could go in (even with your children, but bringing young ones could be a problem) and get whatever drink you like (tip if you want), and there were an abundance of breads, cheeses, meats,ect. Very nice to go to before dinner. In the morning, they offer breakfast on each floor, right outside the elevator. I went in my PJ`s every day, and they had a good assortment of fruits, juices, coffees, teas, croissants, buns, pasteries, bagels, ect. The only thing my family complained about was the lack of hot food or a toaster for bagels, but I think it wasn`t such a big deal. If your floor was out of some pasterie or whatnot, you could go to the floors below and take one of theirs. The Amalfi offers a &quot;business&quot; center, which is basically a very small room with two computers and a printer. That is fine since the internet is free, and almost always the computers are empty, so you don`t have to wait. The fitness room is large and well-stocked, though we didn`t use it. For restaurants in the area, try Harry Caray`s across the street (great bar food), or for a really hip, cool environment try the restaurant which is right behind the hotel, called Rockit Bar and Grill. VERY good food, young atmosphere. I would refer anyone to this amazing hotel!	
Jan 7 2009 	Great hotel great location	This was a gem of a place. I found an internet rate of $153 a night and they matched it when I called. Call the hotel direct, not the toll free reservation line to get the match. Room was spacious and clean, beautifully furnished. It's in a great location. Loved the breakfast ON EACH FLOOR. Just run right out in your robe for coffee, bagels, pastries, fruit, yogurt - the works. Took advantage of the free happy hour with drinks and apps one afternoon. The attendant was great - warned us when our brand of red wine was getting low and set the bottle back for us to finish. Wish this happy hour was in a better place - perhaps with more atmosphere - but it was a good way to unwind and relax.Check in and out were both a breeze and everyone was very friendly and nice. Will stay here again next trip to Chicago.	
Jan 5 2009 	Great Small Hotel	The Amalfi is a great hotel. The only reason I gave it an above average rating and not Excellent is because of our limited interaction with the staff. The lobby is apparently undergoing a renovation because we checked in in a small room right outside the elevators. Check-in was quick and easy and the staff was very helpful though. The room was nice but not over the top. We got a great rate through Expedia by staying 3 nights so it was definitely worth it. The quality of food for breakfast was good and the nightly free drinks in the lounge were a nice touch.  The location was perfect for us. We were within walking distance to shopping, great restaurants, and the theaters. If it was too cold to walk, it was a very cheap cab ride.  Overall, I was very impressed with this hotel and would recommend it to any of my friends.	
Dec 27 2008 	Perfect Location with Great Perks	My husband and I really enjoyed our stay here at the Amalfi. We checked in on the 23rd of Dec. and are leaving tomorrow morning (Dec. 28). Here are just a few of the highlights:--Steps away from the hustle and bustle of Michigan Avenue, but in a quiet location. We were on the 4th floor and heard very little street noise.--Very friendly staff: we loved that there was a doorman to call taxis and that the &quot;experience designers&quot; were there to give us directions and recommendations if needed.--The managers' reception and continental breakfast: Both were free of charge! In the morning we enjoyed a quick breakfast (yogurt, fruit, bagels, pastries, juice, and coffee). In the evenings we were offered drinks in the lounge and some nice Italian appetizers. The first night there, I asked the bartender if he could make an amaretto sour (the liquor wasn't on the list of available ones), and he went out of his way to find amaretto for me. Everyone here was so friendly and accommodating.	
Dec 15 2008 	Quirky Hip and Very Nice	This is not your typical chain hotel. Very hip and trendy furnishings from the unusual sit down with an agent front desk to the trendy quality room furnishings. The Amalfi was very clean, bright and warm. The hallways were bright and well lit. The room was large with quality furniture, a big comfortable bed complimented with plush bedding. The pillows were comfortable. The bathroom was also very large with marble vanity and a large shower with great water pressure. The breakfast was unusual in that they set it up on each and every floor instead of a room on the ground level. The food offered was nothing special, your typical continental fare. The free wireless internet was fast and reliable throughout my stay. This place is a winner and i'd happily return.	
Dec 5 2008 	Pretentious	My stay at the Amalfi was a very brief one.I booked the hotel based on all of the glowing reviews I saw here on Trip Advisor.When I arrived, I sat down at a desk with an amazingly aloof clerk. I felt like I stepped into an episode of the Twilight Zone.The room was very small and dark.Then the Internet wasn't working. I wasn't informed about this on my check in and couldn't be given a time frame when it would be back up.I walked the neighborhood and found another hotel more to my liking, gathered up my belongings and went there.If you're one of those people who likes trendy upscale and chi chi locations and hotels, you'll lurve this place. But if you like a hotel with lights on, working internet and a good view and real breakfast, go someplace else.	
Nov 18 2008 	Enjoyed the Amalfi	My wife and I just returned from three days in Chicago. We stayed at the Amalfi Hotel and would highly recommend it. The staff were all very professional, courteous and helpful. The hotel is clean and well-kept. The continental breakfast and evening reception are also a bonus. The hotel is in a great location a block off Michigan Ave. and just a few blocks from River North. It's also easily accessible via public transportation. We would definitely return to the Amalfi on future trips to Chicago.	
Nov 5 2008 	Great staff at Amalfi	I stayed with a group of 7 and had a great stay. Although we did not initially get the adjacent room I'd requested, they were able to make it happen and we had a rollaway bed there in minutes. Room was clean and well kept up. The complimentary breakfast on each floor was a nice touch! I would definitely recommend this hotel in downtown Chicago, but search around the bargain websites as the hotels website/list prices are much more expensive.	
Nov 3 2008 	Fabulous experience	Overall a great stay with an excellent location! My girlfriend and I had a fabulous stay at the Amalfi hotel in late October 2008.Three things in particular stood out for us:- The complimentary drinks and appetisers served in the Rafello lounge. We popped into the lounge on our first evening: cheeses, meats and crackers all served as complimentary along with a variety of beverages (again complimentary).- The breakfast served outside the elevator on each floor. Again, a nice touch that you can take breakfast to your room and help yourself to as much as you like (croissants, yogurt, fruit, bagels, pain au chocolat etc).- iPod deck in each room. Allowed you to listen to your own music (and recharge) in your own room.	
Oct 31 2008 	Would Definitely Stay Here Again	My fiance and I stayed here for 2 nights this past week. We both agree that we would stay here again when in Chicago. The rooms are very clean, the bed is comfortable, there is a very cool radio with iPod deck, and the shower heads are really neat (there are dual heads that you can adjust). The one thing that makes it not excellent is that the hotel was a bit weird. It didn't feel like a luxury hotel, it felt like almost like an apartment/office building. Otherwise, it was great. The business center is 24 hours with a free printer and the fitness center was also 24 hours. I didn't make it to the reception but my fiance did and though it was very nice with beverages, cheeses, meats and crackers. The breakfast was so-so (there is a toaster in the 6th floor lounge to toast your bagel) but not bad. It was nice that it was on the floor so you didn't have to go very far. The location can't be beat, it's around everything. We walked to A Mano, which was literally down the block and to the left on N Dearborn and that was a nice, romantic experience. We also got a really good deal on the hotel website for about $153 per night (not including taxes).	
Oct 14 2008 	Amalfi Awesome!!	We loved the Amalfi. The beds were comfy and the Aveda hair products were great. The staff always greated us and welcomed us back. It's in a great location to walk around and see the sites of Chicago. We woke up to a continental breakfast each morning and the newspaper waiting outside our door. Each evening the Rafello lounge had cocktails and a wonderful antipasto repast to enjoy as we met other hotel guests. Thank you Amalfi. You made our first visit to Chicago spectacular.	
Oct 14 2008 	Great Hotel Great Stay!	The Amalfi Hotel is a small hotel that caters to its' customers. They really care about making your stay as pleasant as possible. My husband and I stayed for the Columbus Day Weekend, Friday to Monday. We both ran in the Chicago Marathon and were surprised when breakfast was out early on the floor and also by the front desk a table was set up with Bananas and granola bars. Very Impressive! The complimentary breakfast and cocktail hour were very tasty and more than we expected. Our room was very comfortable and the showers were so wonderful we did not want to come out. Name brand Aveeda bath products and high thread count sheets were a plus as were the Ghirardelli Chocolates and turn down service every night. We will definitely return on our next visit to Chicago!	
Oct 12 2008 	Great hotel great location	I had not even looked at this hotel because rates were listed at over $300. But then Orbitz had a 24 hour sale with rooms for half price. Since this was lower than prices posted on their website, Amalfi gave us the rate and upgraded to a Suite. The rooms were large, nicely furnished, and quiet even though it was on second floor right by Harry Caray's bar while Cubs and Sox were in the playoffs. We loved the happy hour with nice cheeses, salamis, roasted veggies, and bruschetta plus the comprehensive bar with signature cocktails etc. Breakfast served on each floor, so you can take it to your room and enjoy the chocolate croissants, yogurt, fruit, bagels, and cream cheese. Staff very friendly and quickly responsive to requests for help in the room, getting the Wi-fi going, etc. We loved our time there and will definitely stay again if we can get a rate around $200 again.	
Oct 9 2008 	Small Clean Great Staff	The Amalfi is a small hotel, only about 6 floors, that shares it's building with office space next door. The room was clean, with a nice television, free wireless, and a fantastic shower. The staff genuinely seemed interested in making your stay as comfortable and easy as possible. I also liked the continental breakfast by the elevators of each floor.	
Sep 24 2008 	Amalfi Hotel Chicago THE BEST!!!	DATE: September 24, 2008REVIEWER: Bob Soriano, National Sales Manager, Enchantmints, Brentwood,TN.I stayed at the beautiful Amalfi Hotel in Chicago for the fourth time this past July. Each stay continues to get even better, as new remoldeling continues to be completed. The service, from the General Manager to the marketing people to the general staff, is simply wonderful. They all make the guests feel very welcome.The rooms are nice, with comfortable beds, flat screen T.V.'s and recently updated bathrooms. Each level of the six floor hotel includes a continental breakfast, which makes it easy to pick up your food and bring back to your room to enjoy. In the evening, they offer a fantastic hospitality suite with drinks and delicious appetizers, the perfect place to relax after a long day. All this is included in the room price, an extraordinary value for any hotel. The Amalfi is ideally located with many fine restaurants in the immediate area. With my heavy national travel schedule, I rate the Amalfi Hotel as one of the best places to stay in Chicago.	
Sep 13 2008 	The Amalfi knows their stuff...	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Amalfi a couple weekends ago just for a nice girlie getaway. It was great! I was told it was four star however and I would rate it more like a luxury 3 star. Rooms were kinda small, but quite luxurious. Soft robes and slippers, aromatic Aveda products, comfy pillow top mattresses and silky sheets! We slept like a dream! I also loved the ipod alarm clock that I could plug my nano into it. The continental breakfast on each floor was nice to wake up to and roam out in our robes to. And the evening hors-deuvrs were yummy and almost a light dinner in and of themselves! Chocolates on our bed at night was nice! One of the very best things about this hotel is the staff. They are so helpful and Olga, the Information specialist you talk to on the phone when you stay there and need information about the hotel or the area is the sweetest person in all of Chicago! The Amalfi is in a great location, close to everything, including Harry Carry's restaurant which is right across the street and yummy! You can walk to the Magnificient Mile and to Navy Pier and just about anywhere downtown. It's also easy to access from the Blue Line Rail that comes straight from the airport for $2! A super deal! The Amalfi is all in all luxurious but not 4 or 5 star. It's a great place to stay, but not high-end. It's electic, comfortable, and very accomodating. One more thing: don't miss eating breakfast at the Bongo Room about 3 miles from the hotel...it's not quite walking distance (unless you want to jog there like me and my girlfriend me so that we could eat a bigger breakfast). But there pancakes are to die for and their omeletes are as big as your head! You may have to wait in line, but it's worth it!Have fun in Chi-town and enjoy all the joys of the city!	
Aug 30 2008 	What a NICE hotel!	Got a great rate at the Amalfi from Last Minute Travel and were really traveling blind as we did not know the layout of the city that well. Dropped off by the airport shuttle and it was only 10AM, so of course our room was not ready. Desk clerk offered to store our things and suggested that we take an &quot;architectural cruise&quot; of the city (only a short 10 minute walk from the hotel) to while away a few hours and get an overview of the city while our room was being cleaned. Took his advise and loved it. Don't miss this tour! Returned about 2PM and immediately checked in. Rooms are a bit on the small side - we had 2 queen beds for myself, my husband and our 16 year old son - however were lacking for nothing. Amazingly comfortable beds, top quality bedding and towels, a nice desk and chair with FREE internet connection and big plasma TV. Every morning there is free Starbucks coffee and scrumptious pastries, fruit, juice, yogurt and bagels on EACH floor. Just pad on out in your pj's and bring it back to your room. Every evening between 5:30-7 there is a cocktail hours with yummy Italian appetizers and an open bar - all top shelf liquor and the best bartenders in Chicago. You have to try their signature drink - the Amalfitini - mmmm.Navy Pier, the Mag Mile, the Riverwalk and Millenium Park all within easy walking distance. Super friendly staff, super clean rooms, BIG bathrooms, nightly turndown service with Ghiardelli chocolates - what's not to love?	
Aug 22 2008 	Brilliant!!	WOW! I felt compelled to write this review becuase of the excellent stay I had. What can I say that others have not already said? This hotel is strategically located in downtown Chicago. It has an open bar between 5:30 - 7:00 in that will help kick-start any evening. Did I mention it serves appetizers too during this time? The free DVD rentals downstairs in the lobby are a great addition. The breakfast bar was always fully stocked with juices, muffins, tea, coffee (you name it). The hotel staff, although some are kind of older (40s, 50s) will try the best they can to point you in the right direction. Next time I travel to Chicago, you can be sure I'll be checking to see if Amalfi has any suites.	
Aug 19 2008 	LOved The Amalfi	We stayed for just one night ,but the hotel staff was extremely friendly and polite. The rooms were clean and large. The decor had just been redone. The best perks were the complimentary continental breakfast on each floor in the morning and the free cocktail hour with premium drinks and great appetizers at night. We got a great rate and would go back. Great location for walking around.	
Aug 12 2008 	This hotel deserves the 5 diamond award!	We stayed here last July, I live in Las Vegas and have stayed/worked in many of the top resorts, NONE compared to the Amalfi! This is truly a top notch hotel! The front desk is very inviting with a comfortable one on one sit down, the ammenities offered are second to none! Featuring a stocked pay as you go mini refrigerator, Voss water on the end tables, (for a charge) refreshed daily as needed, (we needed them), and double headed Speakman 2000 showerheads the showers were amazing! Cleanliness was first class. Among the top ammenities offered the top 2 was the Continental breakfast served on EVERY FLOOR, not in some dingy breakfast nook downstairs, every floor features a set up next to the elevators every morning! The second top ammenitie was the Coctail hour featured each night! I believe it was 2 hours, free Coctails and hors d'oeuvres! Were not talkin Jim beam and Budwieser here either! It was Jack Daniels Single Barrel and Peroni! Wines were Ferrari Carrano and Robert Mondavie! Every staff member was more than accomadating and friendly, so much you would almost expect they were brainwashed they were so nice! Staying here definatley makes a person feel like a VIP! I would not ever consider staying anywhere else when visiting Chicago! Can't wait to go back!	
Aug 11 2008 	A good rate made this a great deal	We needed a one night stop over in in December Chicago on our way to Vegas, and we were initially made aware of the Amalfi from a contributor on the TA forum when we sought some suggestions. At that tie of year bargains were to be had and we settled on a rate of about $180 inc taxes. Considering the location and specification, this sounded like a bargainLocation-wise it is about a 10 minute walk off the Magnificent Mile, and about the same from Clark and Lake station, so it's pretty convenient for the airport transit and the main drag. Boutique pretty much sums this up. Rooms are cosy and classy with quite high specification nik naks and toiletries. Although others have made variable comments about the lobby breakfasts, we thought these were great. You could pick up your tea, coffee, muffins, fruit, yogurt or whatever from just outside your bed room door in your robe, and then retreat back inside and polish it off on your bed while you're watching the morning news. What's wrong with that?Check in and out was easy, although I would say that the check in staff had that &quot;edge&quot; of aloofness that might have ruffled one or two. Warm and welcoming they weren't but rude they were not. And yes, and not all rooms have a view. Overall I'd have to say that on a future trip to Chicago, this is the first place we'd try. You could pick one or two faults with it if you tried, but I reckon you need to be trying	
Aug 9 2008 	Decent Hotel for a Decent Price	The Amalfi is a stylish, European hotel just off Michigan Avenue and within easy walking distance of most downtown attractions. It is tucked away a few blocks from the daily scrum that ensues on the Miracle Mile itself, which is a nice addition, and has some decent restaurants within a very short walk.Check-in was a breeze and the staff was very helpful with things like packages and directions. They were not very good at answering the phone both from inside and outside calls. However, they did reach out to me twice via my cell phone to let me know packages for my conference had arrived. There was bell service but I did not use it except for taxi fetching.The rooms were nice, clean and spacious for the price. The bed and bedding were slightly above the norm and comfortable. They had nice touches like updated flat-screen TVs, DVD players (with loaner movies available in the lobby) to suppliment the standard pay-per-view and CD clock radios. They also had CDs and used books in the room if you wanted/needed them. The Aveeda bath supplies were a very nice touch as were the quality towels. The bathroom was of a decent size, very clean and kept that way.I did not utilize the workout facility as walking around downtown took care of that chore, but it seemed nice. There was a restaurant affiliated with the hotel but I did not eat there. A bonus was the nearby bars and restaurants, including the ubiquitous Harry Carry's, Andy's Jazz Club and Rockit Bar. All are worth checking out while you are in town.Overall, it was a nice experience and I would recommend it as an alternative to the higher-priced chain hotels in that part of town.	
Aug 8 2008 	Would Definitely Stay here again	Very nice room, good breakfast and nice staff. I would definitely stay there again. The view from the room was nothing special but not disgusting or anything. The staff was very freindly and helpful. Hotel is easily in walking distance to mag mile, pizzeria uno, Navy Pier, John Hancock tower; house of blues is like next door. Really nice central location for walking all over downtown to the art museum and park etc.Amalfi hotel showed up in Batman Dark Knight, which tipped me off that it was filmed there in the neighborhood. Bruce Wayne's office is right there by the hotel. Pretty cool!	
Aug 7 2008 	Terrific hotel--terrific value!	This small boutique hotel is tucked away in a perfect location between the Loop and the Miracle Mile. Two blocks west of the Wrigley Building and so convenient to restaurants, etc. The staff, from doormen to desk folks are extra nice and accommodating. The delicious breakfast on each floor is ultra-convenient, the evening happy hour is more than generous, and the morning paper is welcome. Bedding is so comfortable. This is our second stay, and certainly not our last. We love Chicago, and this hotel is one of the reasons why.	
Aug 6 2008 	Amazing Amalfi!	Stayed for 3 nights this past weekend. Loved the location, central to everything. Walked everywhere, Millenium Park, Magnificent Mile, River, close to El train. Liked the evening cocktail reception, try their signature Amalfitini, it's delicious. The room was big, clean, and the bed was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've had in a long time. Most of the staff was very friendly, some of the front desk staff was a little standoffish, some wouldn't even look up when you walked by, but everyone else, bellman, porters, housekeeping were so friendly it made up for it. I saw the Batman movie &quot;The Dark Knight&quot; at the Imax theatre at the Navy Pier while I was there, and it was nice to see so much of Chicago in the movie since it was filmed in Chicago, and the Amalfi Hotel even makes a brief cameo in the movie. I would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 2 2008 	Fantastic stay!	Just spent three nights at the Amalfi Hotel, while in Chicago on business. Booked a king-corner room and loved it. Largest room I've ever had in a hotel in Chicago, incredibly comfortable, very clean. The breakfast and evening cocktails were a nice bonus too. And the location couldn't be beat. Walking distance to the the River, the Loop, Michigan Ave shopping and convenient to public transportation. I noticed a number of reviews commented on the noise; yes there is some street noise, and the building across the street is under construction (the noise from that was usually between 730-4, if you want to sleep late during the week ask for a room on the back side) but really, in downtown Chicago it's not going to be silent, if you want silence stay in the suburbs. If you want a great hotel (at a great price) right in the thick of everything, stay at the Amalfi.	
Aug 2 2008 	Very nice boutique hotel	I stayed at the Amalfi hotel during the week, for one night, for business and the experience was really nice. It is in an ideal location about a block from the river and three from Michigan Avenue. The hotel is quiet, but not too quiet, clean and the staff were friendly. I got a &quot;kings corner&quot; room and it was fantastic. The free wireless is not the best, but they also have a internet connection that works great. The business center is private, but only has two computers and a printer. That was plenty for me as I worked primarily in the room.They have a complimentary continental breakfast on all floors in the morning and it was quite nice. The coffee was even good for a coffee snob like myself. The hotel is much smaller than I thought and only has six floors. The room is a reasonable rate for downtown Chicago.	
Jul 21 2008 	Great Location	Weekend trip to Chicago to drop off students at the School of the Arts Institute Chicago. Positives:- Excellent location - The Loop- Walking distance to most everything- Millenium Park a few blocks away- The &quot;El&quot; nearby- Many great restaurants- Boutique style hotel - similar to Kimpton- Very nice decor- Snack bar with fee- DVDs available for viewing- Decent view- Friendly and helpful staff- Breakfast available in the elevator lobby of each floor- Donuts, pastries, bagels, yogurt, juice, coffee - all of a higher qualityNegatives:- Pricing - I was able to get a corporate rate thru my employer @ $239.00/nite- Bottled water available for a fee- Our room was close to the elevator lobby, so a little noisy - very bearableNot many negatives, really. We had great weather and good temperatures. Loved Chicago.	
Jul 21 2008	Slippage Has Begun	This is still a nice hotel and the staff is great, but there are a few warts on this hotel that weren't there a few years ago.One of the best features used to be the morning breakfast. The quality of this breakfast has fallen so far that during our last stay we opted for breakfast out. Unappealing breads and danish and high sugar content juices were the extent of the spread. It appears that they have greatly cut back the breakfast to save money.The rooms are still fine (and one of very few hotels in downtown Chicago where you can book a room with 2 queen size beds). Clean. Good sized. Nice bathrooms.Parking is $48 a night. You may want to self park for less because oncce your parked you won't need your car until you leave. Everything is close or a short cab ride.This used to be my favorite hotel in Chicago but they just don't pay attention to the details the way they used to. Nevertheless, a good place to stay.	
Jul 21 2008 	Amore! The Amalfi !	Our family of 4 travels quite a bit so we've had lots of hotel &quot;experiences&quot;. The Amalfi was one of our most pleasant stays. The staff was friendly and helpful, the hotel clean, and the afternoon happy hour was divine! Each staff person we encountered seemed to enjoy their work and performed in top form. I believe this also reflects on the management - happy work environments create happy workers! Cudos to the trustworthy housekeeping staff who returned my forgotten &quot;stuff&quot;. Some of these things were vacation purchases that still had tags on. They were returned in a timely manner intact. We will see you on our next visit to your beautiful city. The Blake Family from Winter Park, Florida	
Jul 13 2008 	amalfi hotel review	We stayed here in the summer of 06 as we had read great reviews and got a great price on orbitz. The hotel is centrally located and its staff were very pleasant. Our room looked out over the street, we were right across from the harey carey restaurant. The room was HUGE, very clean, big bed, free wireless. The bathroom was also really big and had two shower heads, very very handy. Included in the price was a continental breakfast, which we could collect in the area right by the elevators. Most of the guests were still in their bathrobes when they collected it! choice consisted of muffins, pastries, fruit etc, nice nice choice. Will definitely be staying here again.	
Jul 12 2008 	Nice facility average service	I stayed for one night on business, and loved the location, the room design, and the European breakfast served near the elevators. For the price, the hotel is regal and a good value. However, as someone who is fortunate enough to regularly stay at boutique hotels on business trips, I found the aloof, detached relational-style of the front-desk staff to be a missed opportunity to make this hotel someplace really special. In Chicago, the James (for bigger budgets) or the Burnham (for more modest budgets) are better choices.	
Jul 6 2008 	Be warned...	Just as another reviewer stated, our room was on the second floor overlooking an alley and dumpsters. While we were disappointed in the view, it was not a major problem. What was a major problem was that during 4 nights of our 7-night stay, we could clearly hear the bass from the nearby nightclubs. I am pretty sensitive to sounds and it was practically impossible to fall asleep with the *thump-thump-thump* of dance music reverberating through our room. This was sometimes interrupted by trucks emptying the dumpsters during the middle of the night, which at least broke up the monotony of the music. Our last night there was the worst, as several patrons of the nightclub ventured into the alleyway for smokes (I could see them clearly from my window), so we could hear human voices in addition to the music. This is very unfortunate, as the hotel was pretty wonderful in every other aspect. The staff there was friendly, the continental breakfast was the best I'd ever seen (coffee, orange and apple juices, fruits, and many great pastries), the rooms were comfortable (I even looked into buying a pillow), the bathrooms clean and spacious with a double shower head (although no blowdryer), free happy hour cocktails and snacks every day (yes, free alcohol!!), the turn down service provided free Ghirdelli chocolates, and the location was great, just blocks away from the Magnificent Mile and subway stops. The hotel, in and of itself, was really well put together, and impressive in its own right.All that being said, I would not stay at the Amalfi again. In my opinion, it doesn't matter how great the hotel is - if you can't have a restful sleep at night and you get out of bed cranky in the morning, then nothing else matters. I've stayed at a 2-star hotel that literally had prostitutes hanging out in the lobby in the middle of the night, and had a better night's sleep.If you go and you luck into a room that is not facing the alley, perhaps you will not have problems with the noise, and your stay will be enjoyable and restful. I would also recommend the hotel for those that are going to be out partying all night regardless, and who would thus not have concerns about late night noise. But for those that need some measure of quiet at a reasonable hour in order to fall asleep, I would most definitely recommend looking elsewhere, or at least ensure that the room you book is not facing the alley and is on one of the upper floors, before you confirm your reservation. Otherwise, come packed with earplugs and hope for the best.	
Jun 29 2008	Can't Understand the positive reviews of this hotel	IMO the Amalfi doesnt come close to justifying the glowing comments on TA. This is basically a Holiday Inn. Half of the rooms overlook an alley / loading dock. The hotel is not more than 6 or 7 flors high and the garbage pick up woke me up daily at 5 am. At 530, when you are just nodding off again, they begin setting up for the complimentary breakfast. This is a continental buffet on every floor next to the elevator bank. Any room within 100 feet of the elevators will hear the noise. Reception was a bit tacky and the &quot;staff&quot; was a little rough around the edges. I didn't see a single business travellers while I was there. Valet parking was expensive (usual for Chicago) but was very slow. Just ok. Explore other options.	
Jun 29 2008 	great place to stay	Great place to stay downtown. Clean,comfortable,quiet,close to everything. An easy walk to grant park,michigan ave., 2 blocks to the red line and plenty of restaurants. Everyone was very helpful and friendly and the breakfast on each floor was very handy. We would definitly stay again.	
Jun 25 2008 	I would not stay again	The best thing about this hotel is the location. After that the place is pretty mediocre at best. The rooms are small. The bathroom is serviceable. There are lots and lots of hotels in this area. I know people seem to rave about this place. Do not believe it, the place is just OK. I think you can do much better for the price in or near this area.	
Jun 17 2008 	Great small hotel with style	My husband and I return to the Amalfi Hotel next week for our second stay. We stayed there for the first time last month, and it was wonderful. The rooms were very comfortable and nicely appointed with great amenities - flat screen TV, ipod docking station, cable, comfortable beds, cleanliness, and even a nice spread of current magazines. The staff was always courteous and friendly. We loved the breakfast that was included in the room price - fabulous bagels, pastries, fresh fruit, juices, coffee -- it served our early (his) and late (mine) schedules well. The lovely cocktail hour with nice Italian appetizers was a welcome respite at the end of each day even though the bar area is in a tiny, cramped room. The lobby is also small, but certainly well decorated and professionally staffed. All-in all, we like the boutique, small hotel atmosphere of the Amalfi, and hope to return there often.	
Jun 17 2008 	great for the price	Let's get one thing straight - this hotel does not compare to a place like the ritz carleton or even sofitel. Five star here means it was excellent for the price. In booking a hotel for a long weekend at the height of chicago tourist season which had to be right downtown - i looked at the James, Hotel Sax, and some other boutique hotels but the amalfi had the best price so I booked it (despite some spotty reviews on this site). I was happily surprised. The staff was excellent - friendly and knowledgeable. the location ideal (but construction site across the street might be noisy during the week, but was quiet on the weekend). Hotel was extemely clean - no complaints there. Happy hour was great idea, but the room where the drinks were served didn't have windows and felt a bit like an uncomfortable cocktail party, but for the price (free!) there was good food and even some top shelf cocktails. Room was maybe a bit smaller than most, but was comfortable. All in all, a great place where i will definitely stay again.	
Jun 17 2008 	Amalfi was great!	My sister and I found this hotel through reviews right here on TripAdvisor. We could not believe how nice the hotel was and the amenities that were included in the price. Our visit to the beautiful city of Chicago was for leisure and this hotel contributed to a most fabulous weekend.Rooms were VERY clean. Bed comfortable. Huge bathroom with a double shower head that was heavenly. Hallways were clean and well kept. No stinky or stuffy smells. Our towels were nice and soft.Morning breakfast was a delightful spread of yogurt, fruits, muffins, breads, delicious coffees and tea. Each floor had their own set up so it was very convenient to slip out to get your morning caffeine fix.The managers reception, which is located on the 6th floor, was unbelievable. Name brand liquor, such as Kettle One vodka, Skyy vodka and Captain Morgan, were the options available for our nightly cocktails. In addition, wine and beer are also available. An elegant spread of meats, cheeses, and breads were laid out for our snacking pleasure. The lobby was small, but very clean and decorated nicely. The front end people were polite. Many times you get overly eager doorman so, in my opinion, these gentleman did an exceptional job.We found a very good rate for this hotel. The atmosphere and cleanliness, along with the amenities, made this an exceptional value in a city were hotel rooms run extremely high.Thank you Hotel Amalfi! We will refer your establishment to friends, family and even strangers!!	
Jun 11 2008 	Great Hotel	This was my 10th time in Chicago always staying at the &quot;big name&quot; hotels on the Mag mile so I was a little apprehensive about choosing this hotel. (mainly chose it based on cost). My fears were unfounded. I loved this hotel. The breakfast spread on each floor was amazing. I thought it would be a couple of donuts and some coffee but was pleasantly surprised. Bottled juices, varieties of coffee, various teas, jellies, pastries, muffins, cereals, everything but bacon and eggs ! Nice touch. And the evening happy hour was great. Again I expected some chips and pretzels and draft beer. Instead, there were olives, cheeses, various breads, arichokes, brueshetta and many high-end items. And they had bottled beers (two varieties) and wine and liquers. They could use a little bigger lounge as the seating was limited, but I loaded up and went back to my room. The room was fine. All of the usual amenities. The only negative I could mention was the view was pretty crappy. But I'm used to the Hyatt or Sheraton and the rest on the Mag mile which have views that you pay for. Since I'm not really a person that stays in the room, it wasn't a big deal. The place is very close to the El and everything else. I'd not hesitate to stay here again. Especially if you get a great deal like I did.	
Jun 10 2008 	Pricey for the value	The included in the price continental breakfast set out on each floor allows a quick start in the morning. The OK sized room with large bathroom and large TV screen was fine.The $400 Sunday and $500 Monday reduced room price coupled with a less than bubbly front (trendy) desk staff precludes an &quot;excellent&quot; rating.[The seemingly high room price may have been consistent since room availability in Chicago at time of visit was &quot;nil&quot;.]	
Jun 5 2008 	Great Location and comfortable accomodations	My husband and I spent our anniversary in Chicago and stayed at the Amalfi Hotel. We had a FABULOUS experience. We loved the views from our room. It was also nice that they had breakfast on every floor so you didn't have to venture far to get a croissant and juice...we would throw on our robes that were provided in our room and would walk down the hall to grab breakfast. The location of the hotel is great as well. We were within walking distance of the Magnificent Mile and the theater district. Anything further is just a cab ride away, which the hotel would gladly arrange for you if you asked. We will definitely stay here again!	
May 30 2008 	Great Room and Good Location	It didn't start out well when our town car pulled up to the Amalfi. Our driver jumped out to unload our bags, but the doorman just stood at his post as if he didn't see us. Not exactly a four star welcome. We brought our own bags inside (tiny lobby, nice, modern but not somewhere yoou would want to relax after a long trip) The bell boy quickly taged and stored our bags and the front desk staff was nice and helpful. We were early and no rooms were read. No problem I said but please do your best to try to get us a nice one, we'd rather wait than be looking at an air shaft.Got a call during our lunch and we were offered an upgrade to a suite, not 2 beds as we had hoped for, but a suite. It was Beautiful. Curved windows, great space. Thanks!Really a nice comfortable small hotel, great continental breakfast in the morning, clean rooms and perfectly located. Only lacked a heater in the bathroom.I was surprised that no one had mentioned the construction acroos the street when I researched the hotel, but there was no real disturbance from it!The staff was not the most welcoming and friendly I have encountered in Chicago, and I always felt they were lacking adult supervision, but the service was professional.There are lots of choices for nice hotels downtown and I think The Amalfi deserves consideration.	
May 15 2008 	Amalfi Hotel is a first-rate choice for adults	The Amalfi is a fabulous, hip boutique hotel in a happening part of the city. The rooms are chic and extremely comfortable. A wonderful touch is the free continental breakfast that's provided every morning--each floor has its own array of fruit, cereals, pastries, juices, and coffee. My husband and I really liked being able to bring our breakfast back to our room and climb back into bed to enjoy it. This isn't the best hotel for families, but if you're a single or a couple and like sophisticated pleasures with a reasonable price tag, the Amalfi Hotel is a terrific choice.	
May 7 2008 	Great choice	If you looking for a nice clean central hotel - this is an excellent choice. House Keeping was great and staff were very helpful.	
May 6 2008	The Amalfi - No Fuss	The Amafli was a pretty hassle-free stay. The location was great, lots of nice restaurants nearby. The rooms were comfortable, soft bed, lots of pillows. Aveda products (shampoo, contitioner, bar and liquid bosdy soap). The towels were pretty rough, though. Magazines were laid out on the desk and changed weekly. The day before checkout we found that the alarm clock had been upgraded to an IPod-compatible model ( I had remarked to my husband the day before that I needed to remember to bring my IPod adapter for future trips and, voila!) The view was pretty nice, but my dh went crazy - you look right across to Marina City, two apartment towers that look like corn cobs. These buildings were featured on the cover of Wilco's album, Yankee Hotel Foxtrot.Nice stay, no fuss, good location	
Apr 30 2008 	Pretty nice stay	I just recently stayed at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago for a short personal/business trip. My boyfriend and I stayed there the weekend before I had a conference for work and then I stayed 3 days there by myself. My boyfriend and I both agreed one really good thing about this hotel is that it is in a really good location. Most everything is within walking distance with the exception of the main tourist attractions (museums, navy pier, aquarium, etc). To see those we had to take about an $8 taxi ride.The hotel staff was nice...not over the top accomadating, but nice. The entire hotel has a modern feel to it. The rooms are really nice, clean and simply decorated. The bathroom is a good size with lots of counter space (which is important to a woman...at least me). I have to say, I travel quite a bit for business and normally have a hard time sleeping, but the beds there are very comfortable. One thing that bothered me about the hotel was their room service...they technically don't have any. There is a restaurant next door called &quot;Harry Carry's&quot; which they order room service from. You place your order with room service in the hotel, they place the order with Harry Carry's, and bring it back to you. I ordered room service both nights I was here alone and the food was marginal if that. My food arrived luke warm (if that), it arrived late (they quoted me 30 min...took almost an hour), and the dinner rolls were hard as rocks (both nights). On top of all that it was very expensive...over $30 for a plate of spaghetti, a salad and glass of water. If room service isn't important to you...I reccomend staying here. Overall pleasurable experience. Tip- Visit &quot;Rockit bar and grille&quot; right down the street. They have really good food, cool/young atmosphere, and a cool after dinner lounge upstairs.	
Apr 28 2008	Clean hotel	We stayed in Amalfi Hotel between 20-25.April. The room was nice and clean, the beds were comfortable. The bathroom was spacious. The hotel's location is very close to nice restaurants: my favorites are Shaw's Crabhouse for fresh seafood, Frontera Grill for Mexican and Weber Grill for a delicious BBQ...The only thing that I didn't like is the breakfast buffet, not too many choices and the buffet is not served in the breakfast room: you have to take your breakfast and go eat in another room..! However the afternoon snacks and complimentary drinks are wonderful: After a long day of shopping and visiting touristic places it is nice to have something ready when you go back to the hotel!!! :))	
Apr 23 2008 	Beautiful Property!	This hotel is a great location in Downtown Chicago! Walking distance to shopping and restaurants. Very clean and sleek property; nice Europeon style to it! I would definately recommend it! Enjoy!	
Apr 22 2008 	The Amalfi is a gem!	Several Trip Advisor reviews indicated that the Amalfi was terrific. They were right. I arrived at the hotel before 10 a.m. and the friendly staff let me check in right away! The rooms are spacious &amp; pristine, and the thermostat works and is idiot-proof. If you want, pull the blackout curtains to ensure that it stays dark, dark, dark in the room even as the sun rises. Chocolates (Ghirardelli - really) magically appear on the pillow in the evening. Housecoats and slippers are provided, the TV is huge and there's a minibar (with room in the fridge to store snacks). Breakfast is provided and includes lots of fresh fruit -- the coffee is even pretty good. I loved Chicago, in large part because this hotel was so comforting, welcoming and well-located. Most highly recommended!	
Apr 21 2008 	Pleasantly surprised	We arrived mid-morning and planned to leave our luggage until check-in. We were very pleased to be greeted with the news that &quot;our room was ready&quot;. This was unexpected and truly appreciated as we could freshen up and have a coffee before heading out. The room was nicely decorated. The Ford Theatre was an easy walk and the evening reception was a nice touch, especially the &quot;Amalfitini&quot;. Would definitly recommend the Amalfi!	
Apr 14 2008 	Fine but could be better for the money	I travel frequently on business (both domestically and internationally) and was looking forward to our five-night stay here. Good points: The hotel is in a prime location, just two blocks from the Mag Mile. You're in walking distance (within 2-3 blocks) of several excellent restaurants. The rooms are very clean. And the continental breakfast on each floor is nice (not elaborate--just sweet rolls, some fruit, coffee and juice) and certainly convenient.Mediocre points: For the price and all the glowing reviews I read, I fear it's not quite up to snuff. The service wasn't exactly what I'd call &quot;European&quot; or &quot;upscale&quot; as some other travelers have noted. It's more like a very nice Holiday Inn. The staff is friendly (except for the doorman, who was always excellent), but they don't really go out of their way to make you feel welcome or particularly pampered. All in all, it's &quot;fine&quot; but not $400-per-night worth of fine. Bad points: We had room 311, which backed up to an alley filled with dumpsters. OK, you're not looking out there, but you will hear the garbage trucks emptying every one of the 35 dumpsters at 2am. Not exactly restful. On the first night, we thought, &quot;well, what bad luck but now that's over.&quot; The garbage trucks returned the next night for another two-hour crash BANG BOOM fest. We asked to be moved the next day, which the hotel did. We also asked for an adjustment to the bill (they took off $20 for each of two nights), which they did less readily. If you want a great location, this is it. If you're looking for the European ambiance they tout or 4-star accommodations worthy of the 4-star price tag, look elsewhere. There are plenty of other hotels in Chi-town.	
Apr 9 2008 	Charming place	I really liked the feel of this place. It was quite the opposite of the corporate soulless megahotel: you got the sense of someone having thought all the details through very carefully. I liked particularly the lack of the mean-spiritedness one quite often finds in large US hotels: there's no feeling that the whole hotel experience has been crafted to extract as much from you by way of 'extras' as possible. There's no charge for internet access (free wifi in rooms); breakfast is included; and they even offer cocktails every evening (and don't seem to mind if you just swipe one and head for your room). The breakfast set-up wouldn't suit those keen on serious eating in the morning, but I really liked the self-service arrangement on each floor, so you could just wander out for coffee without getting dressed. I found the staff exceptionally friendly, helpful, and professional. I'd definitely go back.	
Apr 7 2008 	Nice Stay	Tiny lobby, a few blocks from the &quot;nicer&quot; part of downtown, but still a good location, nice rooms.	
Apr 7 2008 	OK but not quite up to expectations	Based on the glowing reviews here I'd expected quite a lot from the Amalfi. Our stay over the Easter weekend wasn't bad, but I cant help feeling slightly deflated. Before I get on to that, a few of the good points...The location is great, one block from the river and hence walking distance from everything in the center. The restaurant across the road (the one that supplies the room service) does good steaks and has bags of character, a real asset. Free breakfast laid on outside the lifts on each floor is nice, but you do need to time your sortie just right in order to get much of a selection.On the downside, the rooms (and hotel in general) are rather tired in appearance (worn fittings and fixtures etc) and lack anything resembling character - you're clearly in a cheap concrete box, taking me right back to my days in student dorms. There's nothing actually bad here, and they are trying a few different things which is to be applauded in this world of large chains, but for me the experience wasnt really top notch.	
Mar 25 2008 	Great service at the Amalfi!	The Amalfi is an upscale hotel with an upscale staff. When you first walk in the modern chic lobby, your nose is greeted with a fresh floral aroma. The staff is friendly and dilligent, and the rooms are devine. The amenities are great, with a breakfast bar on each floor you don't have to change out of your p.j's. You can walk right out of your room to the continental breakfast. The location is in the heart beat of Chicago. I recommend this hotel.	
Mar 25 2008 	Exceeded Expectations	This hotel was very nice indeed for my first stay in Chicago, it exceeded my expectations and was a brilliant price. I had no complaints, the room was well maintained ie fresh towels and bed linen daily, and the breakfast was good to get you started for the day, the front desk and doormen were good for advice, the complimentary drinks were a nice extra. Over all a lovely stay in a centrally located location.Good nearby restaurants included Harry Carrys (accross the road) for a beer and bar chips, (bit pricey for food but the Bruschetta was amazing), Rockit bar and grill (located behind the hotel) best burgers and cheap, and Quartino's ristorante and pizzeria (626 North State Street) great for small plate dining.	
Mar 16 2008 	Location Price Service - This Place Has It All!	This was our first stay at the Amalfi - we will definitely stay here again the next time we are in Chicago. The hotel is conveniently located just North of the Chicago River.....walk across the street and a couple of steps and you are at the door of House of Blues and Harry Carey's. Easy walking distance to the theatre district and Magnificent Mile. Don't expect much of a view outside of your window (the building immediately out front was under renovation) - but I'm not in the room much....I'm there to see and experience Chicago!! We had exceptionally warm weather for January, but only used 1 cab the entire time we were there...from the hotel back to the train station....so if you don't mind walking - this is the perfect location with easy access to everything. Their complementary breakfast was nice - great selection of fruits, pastries, juices, water, etc. The complementary drinks and hors d'oeuvres were outstanding. I've seen some previous reviews that complained about the bar staff. Maybe they were there on an off night - or maybe they treated the staff with little or no regard...but all I can say is these guys were GREAT! Yes, there is a tip jar...but come on --- the drinks are FREE - food is free - if you can't spare a dollar to reward the people catering to you....you definitely have bigger problems in this world. We tipped only a couple of dollars......and the bartenders treated us like we were royalty. They were the best! Rooms were clean - robes and slippers were provided (nice touch!). The only disappointing thing - not many extra outlets in the room......there were four girls sharing the room and getting ready with hairdryers, curling irons, etc was a little hectic. The Amalfi will send a bottle of wine to your room if you are celebrating a birthday or anniversary. We requested this at the time of reservation - it was not delivered the first day - but a quick request at the front desk resolved the issue that day.	
Mar 14 2008 	Nice Break from the Chain Hotels	This is a pleasant change from your big chain hotel groups. Very European and very comfortable. You can find some good deals at this great location.	
Feb 29 2008 	Absolutely loved this hotel	We stayed at the amafi for 4 nights in Feb. It was fantastic. From the minute we arrived at reception, the girl at the desk was so friendly. The room was really testefully decorated. I also loved the really soft bath robe and slippers provided and also the safe in the wardrobe was useful. The double shower head was great as was the mirror with the light on it for doing my make-up( something i hadn't seen in other hotels).The location was perfect for us. The complimentary bar between 5 and 7 pm is nice. we met some very friendly people therewe only went 2 evening out of 4 but always enjoyed it. i must admit i was surprised to hear that breakfast was a buffet opposite the lifts!! the first 2 mornings were fine, we had a good breakfast, i sneaked from the room in my bathrobe and luckily no one spotted me ha ha. the 3rd and 4th morning when i went there the best of the breakfast goodies were gone because there was a conference onin the city and the hotel was booked up so you need to get to the buffet early!Over all we had a fantastic time here and we will most definately be saying here next time xx	
Feb 25 2008 	This is a lovely hotel!	Myself and my boyfriend stayed here for 3 nights as an early 30th birthday treat from 30 January 2008-2 February 2008. We found this to be a really lovely hotel. The staff were nice and helpful but not forceful or bothersome (which I was concerned about when I read that an &quot;Experience Designer&quot; would assist us with our stay). The only thing I would say on this matter was that we weren't offered anything like this service at all, it was only when we were checking out that I heard someone asking about the shuttle bus service the hotel runs, but I guess if you don't ask you don't get!We found the rooms smart, modern, clean and comfortable and the turn down service offered of an evening by housekeeping is a nice touch. The bed was large and very comfortable, the bedding was non-allergenic and a 'mock' down. The rooms were spacious and stylish and the Aveda toiletries a very nice touch. The room looked just as in the pictures on the site. I was a bit wary of the breakfast service when I read that it was served in the lobby areas of each floor, however this was not a problem at all. Hot coffee, water for teas and a selection of bottled juices were offered. There were plenty of pastries, muffins, breads/loaves and bagels but there are no toaster facilities. Unfortunately we did not take advantage of the evening cocktail reception as our time in Chicago was very limited. The location was great, the area is on the quiet side and the views weren't amazing but Harry Caray's is opposite and Lou Malnati's (absolutely divine pizza pie!) is within a short walk. Magnificent Mile is about a 5 minute walk to the left and the the Chicago River and access to the Loop about a 5 minute walk down the road. If you're looking for places to go I would recommend shopping at Magnificent Mile, there are some good souvenir shops too in the malls, you could finish up having lunch in Pizzeria Uno or Pizzeria Due which are both toward the farther end of Magnificent Mile. The Cheesecake Factory at the bottom of the Hancock tower was really nice, we originally intending on having drinks in the John Hancock Tower bar to take in the views but my boyfriend's vertigo got the better of him on the 96th floor!I would definitely recommend this lovely hotel and Chicago, we had a great time here but unfortunately there was a snow storm so we were quite limited when we were out and about. If you do decide to go to Chicago I would recommend a restaurant called Rose Angelis, it was in a converted house in the suburbs (1314 W Wrightwood Ave) and it took us a few minutes walk to get a taxi back when the city was on stand-by for snow storms but it was well worth the taxi ride. 10 Pin is very close to the hotel and we had cocktails here and a game of 10 pin bowling and Chicago Blues is within the same complex. All in all this was a very nice hotel and city which by far exceeded our expectations, my only regret is that we didn't stay here longer!	
Feb 23 2008 	Fantastic stay at the Amalfi Hotel! I'll be back!	I was in Chicago for business recently and stayed at the Amalfi Hotel. The price was comparable to other hotels in the area and the location was excellent for me. I read a recent negative review of the hotel and I completely disagree. This hotel may not be right for everyone. It is very modern, which some may not &quot;get&quot;. I loved the way the room was decorated with the rich red color. The bed was very comfortableand I slept well. The bathroom was very nicely decorated and had a duel head shower and nice smelling Aveda products. I had free wireless internet too. Many hotels make you pay a fee, but not at the Amalfi. Besides that, there is a business center with two computers and a printer which came in handy for me since I had to print some last minute documents for my meeting. The hotel also included a complimentary breakfast on each floor, which was very convenient. The coffee and fruit was delicious. The muffin I had was &quot;ok&quot;. The hotel staff was extremely helpful and always willing to assist me. I made some requests and had questions during my stay and they were always polite and professional. Thanks George and the rest of the friendly staff!I completely enjoyed my stay and I'll be back the next time I visit Chicago on vacation!	
Feb 22 2008 	Very helpful and polite staff	I have stayed at and recommended this nice little hotel to everyone I know. The Staff at the Amalfi are always polite and helpful. Whenever we asked for something special, it was at our door in no time.The Happy Hour is wonderful. Lots of Italian antipasta and cocktails, including the signature Amalfitini. It's fun meeting and talking with the other guests. A few more chairs would be nice.The rooms have always been spacious and clean. Last year we booked a large suite which accommodated all of us, with room to spare.It's nice that there are CDs provided if you don't bring your own. The views vary, depending on the location of the room. The continental breakfast on every floor is always fresh with baked goods, fruit, juice and coffee/tea. You can just enjoy breakfast in your room and not have to go out first thing in the morning.The location is walking distance to restaurants and entertainment, so no need to drive or take a cab. We love the Amalfi and will continue to stay there whenever we visit Chicago!	
Feb 20 2008 	Excellent as always!	I have stayed at the Amalfi Hotel before and it has always been excellent. This time was no different. Usually I book direct with the hotel, however, I found a slightly better deal booking through Expedia, which saved about $100.The staff were great. I arrived early and they had a room waiting. I was placed on the 6th (top) floor and it was quiet and comfortable. Overall, it was as good as it gets! I will definitely continue to stay here when I'm in Chicago.Remember, the hotel is close to everything - downtown, the Magnificent Mile, lots of restaurants, etc. Everything is within walking distance!	
Feb 19 2008 	icky hotel icky staff very disappointing!!!	Stayed at the Amalfi hotel in Chicago this month with good expectations. And what a disappointment! Paid just under $200 for a &quot;deluxe king&quot;, and what we got was a 2nd floor view of construction, a dirty, badly &quot;rehabbed&quot; bathroom, itchy sheets, no down comforter!! (just sheets and the gross old hotel blanket thing) , previously opened bottles in our mini bar, and plenty of rude, inexperienced staff members &amp; managers (def. not a 3 or 4 star staffing!!) I do live in Chicago, and have stayed at a wide range of places. I know that for $200 in February, you can expect a great hotel. As there were many available the weekend we stayed at Amalfi, choosing it over say, the Palmer House Hilton, Hotel Sax, Sutton Place, Hotel 71, was a huge waste. Definitely keep looking and book elsewhere. Not worth the price at all, don't let their pictures fool you. Also, I wouldn't say that our experience was just a rare mishap, the hotel looks like an old Days Inn that had undergone a slight renvation, i.e., new lamps.	
Feb 19 2008	The most unpleasant hotel ever	The price was too good to be true. Truth came out as soon as we stepped in this place.First of all,George,the rude guy at the front desk took an incredible long time to check us in. We liked that,after 5 hours flight from the west coast it has been a nice Chicago welcome,thank you Mr George.The lobby was really weird,with a mixed array of colors,like orange,green,yellow..it felt like a Brasilian hotel. The only nice person seemed the bellman.Rooms. We booked a non smoking room,but it seemed the room had 20 heavy smokers in there for 2 days and never had a window open for vent. Even the sheets stinked smoke...disgusting.The mustard colored carpet was pretty worn and cigarette butt burned. A nice touch were the books and the room size,but it all appalled compared to the general feel of the room. And here we go again those weird colors.The bed was very comfy,except for the conforter wich was made with a very cheap material that turned the bed into a hoven.Maid service was really weird. They left every single day some water filled in the bathroom sink..what for ??? Weird.And turndown service was only for one night....no need that...just skip it,don't do it for just one night....The bathroom colors all added a feeling of dirty and worn,they need to replace those red/grey/yellow thing with a more traditional black/white/grey.The breakfast on each floor was not bad,really.Bottom line,if you look for a cheap place to stay then go for it ,but do not belive their overhyped self written reviews ( yes,they write their on reviews on Tripadvisor..and they know it )It was cheap tho because of the low season. I really doubt seeing myself paying more than what'ive paid ( $ 129.00 per night ) for this joke.And also go for it if you don't mind being trated like you are not cool or not hip or not whatever they stand for....	
Feb 7 2008 	Great Little Hotel!	My fiance and I visited Chicago for a long weekend back in May. We stumbled upon the Amalfi online - the location was good, the price was in our budget, and I wanted to stay in a boutique hotel so we picked it. The room was spacious and the best part was the complimentary breakfast! Saved us time in the morning - we just grabbed a coffee, banana, and muffin and went sightseeing! If I was going to visit Chicago again (which I would!) I would recommend staying here!!!	
Feb 7 2008 	Can't wait to go back	My son had stayed here for a wedding or I might not ever have heard of it. Per his review we booked it with another couple for a getaway weekend and we were not disappointed. Check in was smooth, I loved having the magazines in the room. The complimentary cocktails and appitizers were a great touch also, as was the breakfast by the elevators. The coffee was delicious, nice bosc pears, and wonderful pastries. My only complaint was upon check out, there was a mini bar charge and $35 of long distance that we never used. These charges were removed immediately, but check your bill when you leave.	
Feb 5 2008 	The best boutique hotel!	I already wrote a review about all the free stuff you get but now I'm going to write about the location! I like to walk. This place was close to EVERYTHING!!!! The 'Taste of Chicago' was on during the 4th of July. Let me tell you, this was the best 'taste' of a city that I have ever been to. It was massive and took 10 mins to walk there. I took the train in from the airport (it was around $2.00 but it was a solid 45 mins but for $2.00, how can you complain?)and it was approx a 10 walk to the hotel. We pretty much walked everywhere. We walked the entire magnificent mile strip. We went to the Blue Navy or whatever the docks are called. My favourite bar was 'Pops for Champagne.' Wow. I love champagne. And then of course there was the John Hancock Centre. And lots of shopping!	
Jan 29 2008 	Loved It!	I do not understand the negative reviews recently posted about the Amalfi. I read them after I made the reservation but decided to stick with my choice because all the other reviews were so positive. I am glad I gave the Amalfi the benefit of the doubt. It was truly a wonderful hotel and I would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Jan 29 2008 	best hotel I stayed at in a long time	if I go back to Chicago, I will stay there again. Usually, i prefer to try new places, but i liked this one so much that I will go back in a heartbeat.I do not understand the comments (a few below) about the red color in the lobby, i remember it being blue and green and orange... and the sofas were not stained... It's the first time i feel a hotel web site matches with the real thing.Reception:The employees have the coolest uniforms (leather vest, bright shirt...) and they were always very helpful.Room:Nice size, very comfy and with the regular tea and coffee you also have the option of hot cocoa... nice touch in January!I liked that the mugs where not the plain black ones (are those ever really clean or not?) but transparent turquoise glass ones.they are changing the tiny tiles in the bathroom for large slates...nice touch.I liked the yellow towels, it's different. The selection of Aveda products was great...and the shower heads...wonderful.Location: very very good. There is a bar names Rockit behind that I loved and a French brasserie around the corner that I didn't have time to try. Close to the hotel is harey carey (yum, the chips...) and Redfish (sooooo slooooowwww service and mediocre food!)I should also mention that I was organizing a meeting and the sales and catering staff were amazing and I heard only great comments from my group.	
Jan 25 2008 	Fantastic hotel for a fun weekend getaway	My fiance and I decided to take a look at Chicago for a weekend as a potential residence in the future. We stayed at the Amalfi primarily because we wanted to be in the River North neighborhood, close to bars and restaurants and the running path. The Amalfi staff was friendly (definitely not uptight and rude) and the standard room was huge with a nice view. The bathroom was beautifully decorated and the shower therapeutic. To top it off, each night there is a two hour reception including unlimited antipasto type appetizers and a top shelf open bar and nice wine and beer choices, all included in your stay! Definitely a nice place for the fun-loving couple. We will be back!	
Jan 21 2008 	Wow what a find!	Wow, what a find. A clean hotel, with friendly staff, modern décor, in a good location for walking the ‘Magnificent Mile’ etc. (It's a safe city) Opposite is an excellent Steak and chop house called ‘Harry Carry’s’, plus many other nearby restaurants.For a very reasonable price and you get a modern spacious room, DVD player/TV (free loan of DVD’s from foyer), free continental breakfast on each floor which you can eat in your room, two PC’s in Business Centre with free Internet and a free newspaper. Best of all, each evening between 5.30-7.00pm there is a reception for guests with free cocktails, or wine, or beer – plus snacks. (Yes free beer, no limits!)My only complaint is that the Rooms (like many hotel rooms) have minimal lighting making them pretty dingy at night. Don't be fooled by the Hotel name, their appears to be nothing Italian about this hotel, if that's what you expect.Although probably not a five star hotel as such (I'd say a very good four) I give it five stars for the price!If only all Hotels were like this, Tripadvisor would not be required!	
Jan 16 2008 	You Get what you pay for!	I based our reservations on the positive reviews on this site. The location is really terrific. Close to everything. (Nordstroms Off the Rack is only a few blocks away!)The hotel lobby was filthy. Actually, it was the chairs in the lobby that were very badly stained/soiled. I wouldn't sit down during check in, it was too gross. While we were there they mentioned that they were currently renovating the upper floors of the hotel...hopefully the lobby would be next.The staff were very helpful and service oriented.We had a great room. We had no external noise disturbing us BUT the heating system (which we could not turn off) had stuff pinging in the machinery so it felt like we were sleeping under an airplane hanger. They had great &quot;products&quot; Aveda.The breakfast was a nice touch...but the quality of the baked goods was very poor. We couldn't eat it. So, the fruit, coffee and juice were it for us.The high rating for others surprises me. Its moderately priced hotel because it's a very average hotel.	
Jan 14 2008 	Loved the Amalfi	My cousin and I are 24 years old and we stayed at the Amalfi in Chicago. Its got a great location we walked to Magnificent mile and cab fair was cheap to some great nightlife. The room was very clean. The shower was great. Plenty of vanity space. Breakfast buffet was awesome. The complimentary cocktail hour was filled with yummy apps and strong drinks. The fitness center was good for a quick workout. They have a couple computers so you can check yuor email. The bar Harry Carrys across the street was great fro watching the game. The staff was very nice and helpful.try these restaurants-WaveNine SteakhouseRock Bottom bar- excellent pub foodGiordanos Pizza- Yummy cheese stuffed pizza	
Jan 12 2008 	Will stay again!	I had a wonderful stay at the Amalfi while I was in Chicago. It was over the Thanksgiving holiday and the hotel was a treat. The staff was helpful with any questions and booking of reservations that I needed. I even needed to extend my stay a night while there and the front desk made sure I kept my wonderfully low rate!The morning buffet and afternoon drinks were awesome. Considering that they are complimentary, and part of the room price, they were more than expected. (loved the artichoke hearts-yum) Just make sure you wake up early enough to grab the goodies in the morning! The rooms were also quiet, even with me being right by the elevator, and the beds were great. The bathrooms were great too with more than enough room. I even loved the Aveda products (the shower gel was nice and refreshing!)It is a quick walk to anywhere you want to go, or a short cab ride/rail ride. One word of caution, if you are looking for a hotel that is completely full service with a restaurant/bar inside the hotel that is open at all hours, this isn't the hotel for you. But, who really needs that in Chicago?	
Jan 7 2008 	Loved it again!!	Review's a little late, but...My husband &amp; I first stayed at the Amalfi in 8/06 totally based on reviews I read on this website. We were totally WOWED!! Loved the location, the room, the Aveda bath products, but most of all loved the evening reception &amp; breakfast on our floor.I returned to Chicago with 3 girlfriends in 9/07 and booked us in a suite at the Amalfi. It was great - room was very spacious and my girlfriends were quite pleased! Will stay next time I'm in Chicago too!! P.S. They honor a government rate!!!!	
Jan 2 2008 	Greatest staff we have encountered in a long time.	Enjoyed this Hotel immensely, possibly the best and most accomodating staff of any Hotel we have stayed at recently.Checked in for New Years Eve for 2 nights, we were given a corner room , nice size comfortable but a bit noisy from some outside fans. Contacted the front desk and they responded immediately , personally came to our room to show us another availability and moved us to a beautiful suite overlooking Harry Carey's. Everyone went out of the way to make our stay comfortable and arrange dining and theatre tickets. They work closley with Harry Carey's and walked in without a reservation at 7:00 PM New years eve, gave them a card from the Hotel and we were seated immediately. Tuan the bellman, Joe, Chris and George at the front desk were wonderful.The evening cocktail party had great food and beverage selection, the morning continental breakfast on each floor had great selection as well	
Dec 27 2007 	Great Hotel	We were very impressed with the hotel. Easy check-in, the hotel is very clean and quiet. The rooms are clean, and the king bed was fabulous. The bathroom is spacious, and we loved the double headed shower. The managers special was great, and we loved the snacks. We were able to skip dinner. The hotel is a short distance away from the theater district. It was a 15 minute walk to the Cadillac Palace Theatre. The House of Blues is about one block. Harry Carey's restaurant is right across the street from the hotel. The restaurant is expensive but I have never had a better steak. The bar is a fun place to hang out and unwind after you see a show. We loved the free continental breakfast located on each floor of the hotel. The turn down service was a nice touch to come back to. We will definitely book this hotel again. It was a good value compared to the other outrageously priced hotels in the area.	
Dec 22 2007 	The Amalfi delivers!	First trip to Chicago, wanted a nice place downtown. The Amalfi was just that!Location: Just a block north of the river, a few more blocks to lots more like Michigan Ave, Millenium Park, Lake Michigan. I don't mind walking, so the couple of blocks walk from the Clark train station to the hotel was not bad at all. If the weather is bad, a cab ride would be short and cheap.. much cheaper than a cab ride all the way from O'Hare! The train, FYI, was $2 one way.. great deal! Views from the rooms won't be too special, as the rooms only go up to the 6th floor and taller buildings are all around. Oh well, get out and walk! Right across the street is Harry Caray's steakhouse.. I had a very tasty dinner here and really enjoyed the whole place.. totally busy, hour wait, but our waiter was completely on top of things. Condition: They keep a nice hotel! Lobby is a good first impression of the hotel, as it's fairly small but quite swanky. Rooms were the same. Everything was kept up well, minus the ceiling in the bathroom looking kinda rough.Service: Everyone I encountered, from door man to bartender to cleaning staff were quite pleasant and helpful. Nice to see!Perks: The evening reception was EXCELLENT! Very decent selection of comp drinks, including some well drinks, wine, beer, and sodas. Plus, they had a nice spread of meats, cheeses, breads, olives and the such.. and plenty of it. Seating was limited to a few couches and probably 8 tables w/ 2 or 4 chairs. Easily packed, but both nights I was there I was able to find a table within a couple minutes of getting to the room. The breakfast provided was also great! I believe it's available 630 to 930am and is set up on each floor. They provide a very nice selection of coffee, tea, juices in bottles and baked goods like donuts, danishes, breads and more. Baskets and plates are provided, so you can load up all the goodies you want and carry it easily back to your room. For the price of FREE?! Wow! Thanks Amalfi!I would recommend this hotel to my closest friends and family without hesitation, and hope to stay again soon myself!	
Dec 17 2007	great hotel	great hotel. you cant go wrong staying here.	
Dec 17 2007 	It's all been said before	Read the other 5-star reviews from recent months, I can't think of anything to add! I did not go to the evening receptions so I cannot comment on those, but all the positive comments about staff, room comfort and amenities, and breakfast buffet were confirmed during my two nights there.(One question, though -- considering all the food and beverage they give away each morning, why charge for the bottled water in the room? Is it that special??)	
Dec 11 2007 	Amalfi is first-class and comfortable!	I was told the Amalfi was the most unique boutique hotel in the city - and it is. Just got home and can't wait to go back! The residential look and feel begins at the front door and carries through the entire experience. Soft colors and luxury linens, extra bathroom features like a lighted mirror and vanity stool, multi-head shower, arched shower rod, etc. Great pillows and a robe you don't want to take off. Lots of in-room extras make you feel 'spoiled.' The manager's reception is not only incredible because the food is outstanding and premium bar is complimentary, but it offered a unique opportunity to network with staff and other guests. &quot;We love to store luggage!&quot; was the glowing response from Melissa when we asked to store bags between check out and our train departing. Walked to Michigan and State shopping areas within minutes. Definitely the right choice for a central location with exceptional service.	
Dec 10 2007 	Highly Recommend the Amalfi Hotel	I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting accommodation in Chicago. Ideal position, lovely quiet rooms, good facilities, complimentary breakfast well received and the Manager's evening drinks reception excellent; we always tipped the staff who were serving our drinks. The in-house Amalfitini cocktail was very good. The staff were very friendly and helpful. If I ever return to Chicago I would certainly stay there again. Theres nothing bad I can say about this hotel.	
Dec 8 2007 	High Dollar High Class	My fiance and I were visiting the Chicago area to visit some family and we opted to spend our last couple of nights right in the downtown core of Chicago to take full advantage of the sights.The location of this hotel is fantastic. We were able to walk easily (within about 5-15 mins) to any restaurants, bars/clubs or the Magnificent Mile. The decor in the main lobby is very chic and modern, as was the decor in the room. The internet in our room did not work, so we had to spend some time with the help desk to get it up and running. Our floor had a lounge in it where the hotel hosted a happy hour each night - with complimentary appetizers and drinks. And while I found the quality of the wine rather disappointing, the appetizers themselves were quite delicious (no chip and dip here! ). That lounge itself had no real wow factor, and was a bit of a disappointment considering how pristine and sharp the rest of the hotel was in appearance. Our room had a horrible view, but that didn't particularly trouble us. The bathroom was top notch , equipped with a wonderful shower head and high quality bath products (Aveda).The hotel itself seems to have been a remodeled building, where the hotel appears to only occupy a few of the floors. The lobby is adjacent to another lobby, which is for the commerical businesses that appear to also occupy the building. While I have read other reviews which stated the staff were extremely friendly and helpful, we did not find this to be the case. The were outright cold and seemed preoccupied when dealing with us.The price was a tad high, as were the parking rates per day, but in a major city, and given the location, that was something we had fully expected.If you want a hotel with more ammenities (spa, pool) then I would say that this isn't it. However, for the location and the new, chic and clean rooms, it is lovely little place to stay.	
Dec 7 2007 	A strange but perfect hotel	I stayed at this hotel while I was attending a medical conference. The hotel was nearly perfect and though I generally try to stay at different hotels, this hotel was so nice that I definitely consider going back.It has a very small gym. It was quite adequate and not busy at all. Breakfast is served at each floor separately. Some might not like the fact they had to take the breakfast back to their rooms but I did not mind it. The breakfast consisted of seasonal fruits like apples, pears, oranges and occasionally bananas all of good quality. Small jars of jam, a lot of different pastry and small boxes of Philladelphia cheese. No warm food was offered. Remembering that American hotels usually don't provide any breakfast included in the price this menu was allright. On sixth floor each night there's is a reception where different types of complimentary drinks are served. Also different hors-d'oeuvre were served that were equal to a light dinner. It is not suitable for children and though I saw some children I would not recommend this hotel for people with children. The stafft at the hotel are very helpful and friendly. At evenings the maid makes the beds and leaves chocolate pieces.The location of the hotel is very good. 1-2 minutes is the time it takes to reach the best places. Another great point with this hotel is the free wireless internet connection.There are however some not so perfect issues with the hotel such as:•The hotel name. The hotel is not will known. This caused me on few occasions minor inconveniences.•Lack of safety boxes in the rooms made management of valuable stuff quite difficult.In short I recommend this hotel to couples and people coming to Chicago for business.	
Nov 26 2007	The Most Impressive and Unique Hotel Experience	We spent the American Thanksgiving Weekend in Chicago and part of our great weekend was thanks to the Amalfi. It is unique from the get-go, in a very good way. The decor is funky/retro, the staff very friendly and helpful and the rooms amazing. I can't really say anything bad about this place. The price is very fair for what this hotel offers.The rooms were impeccable, can you believe the Aveda bath products? Extra touches like magazine/book/DVD selection, turndown service (mmm...we looked forward to our Ghiradelli chocolate treats left behind), and the cozy bathrobes and slippers, were features that made this hotel so amazing.Their breakfast served on the foyers of most floors was very cleanly presented with a variety of options. You could grab your own little basket in your robe and head back to your room to enjoy a nice breakfast. We couldn't believe the cocktail/hors d'oeuvres hour, we've never seen anything like it! We thought it could be cheesy, but it wasn't at all. The buffet selection was impressive and they were serving a variety of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages.The location of this hotel is pretty prime. My husband and I took the Blue Line train (CTA) directly from O'Hare to the Clark/Lake station and walked the easy 5 mins to the Amalfi. The $4 for the two of us certainly beat the $50 we would have paid via taxi or shuttle. And trust me, we don't have problems spending the money. But it's so straightforward and convenient, then why not? The $46 could be put towards a nice purchase on theThe Magnificent Mile (which by the way is only 2 blocks down from this hotel)! You could always take a quick cab ride from the Clark/Lake station as well if you dont want to walk.If life ever takes us back to Chicago, I refuse to stay anywhere else...they should have more Amalfi's around the world!	
Nov 13 2007 	A Hip Place in the Loop	I spent a weekend at the Amalfi after finding other boutique hotels booked up. It was a pleasant surprise. While the block the hotel is on is somewhat grubby, it was safe and well-located for walking in the Loop. The hotel is only six stories high and has no restaurant or bar, but every evening there is a &quot;happy hour&quot; with free cocktails and heavy hors d'oeuvres in a sixth-floor gathering room that really turns into a party. There were guests of all ages, including families with young children, and everyone was having a good time. Based on reviews I had read here, I made sure the bartender saw me put a tip in his jar, but he really didn't appear to care one way or another -- he was extremely pleasant to everyone despite the crowds of thirsty guests. There is also an ample continental breakfast set up in each floor's elevator lobby every morning.My room was very comfortable and attractively decorated in a modern style with deep jewel tones and nice fabrics. I was very satisfied with the Amalfi, and would return.	
Nov 13 2007 	Great weekend at the Amalfi Hotel	I stayed at the Amalfi Hotel Chicago with 2 friends for a girls weekend away. Our check in was a breeze, we stayed in room 514. The room was beautifully decorated, very comfortable mattress, soft linens, nice lighting. Upon arriving, we hit the lounge for cocktail hour. The appetizers were very good, one can pretty much make an entire meal out of them, if it weren't for all the great restaurants in Chicago. Definitely try the Amalfitini, it's their speciality drink!There is a continental breakfast on every floor in the morning. Therewas coffee, tea, juice, pastries, muffins, bagels, and fruit. It was nice to just put on the robe and slippers that come with the room and walk down the hall and bring a breakfast tray back to the room. Oh, and the shower was fabulous. It had double, pulsating shower heads with all Aveda hair and body products.The &quot;Experience Designers&quot; are great. They will print out maps, directions, get bus/train information for anywhere you may want to go. The location is also convenient to shopping, restaurants, etc.The Amalfi was all around a great place to have a relaxing weekend away!	
Nov 5 2007 	Great place excellent location smashing cocktail...	Stayed for 5 nights and have nothing but positves to say about the Amalfi. Its location is perfect, Close to the river, so both sides of the city easily accessible. 2 blocks and you are on the 'Mag Mile'. Check-in was so smooth, we stayed on the 4th floor of 6. Bed was huge and for a hotel extremely comfortable and good pillows too. Complimentay drinks were a super touch and the 'Amalfitini's' went down well after a good days sightseeing. Also nibbles served here too. Breakfast was provided on each floor outside the lifts, juice, fruit and pastries as much as you want. Free paper delivered every morning too. Bedroom and bathroom both large and shower heads powerful.Only issue, new apts being built across the road, deliveries early in the a.m. will wake the deepest sleeper, once completed all will be well.Great hotel, friendly and great city.	
Nov 2 2007 	Good Price but some drawbacks	I stayed at the Amalfi for three nights while attending a conference in Chicago. It was recommended to me by a colleague, so I thought I would give it a try. The staff are all quite pleasant, and room was very clean. The room was quite small, though. I was in a corner room, and it didn't seem to be well though-out when designed. There is a very long hallway, with the bathroom attached, and then the room. The design of the room makes it very tight for walking around the furniture. The bathroom, although poorly lit, was wonderful though. The shower has a dual head and was like heaven. But, the bed could have been more comfortable.The hotel boasts free breakfast and daily happy hour. In truth, the breakfast is just baked goods and coffee. There was a small bowl of fruit, but that's all. And the happy hour was not in a &quot;lounge&quot; but rather a small, dark room, and the bartenders were not very friendly. I took my drink back to my room. The one thing that realoly bothered me was the air in the room. It NEVER shuts off. If you turn the thermostat down, it gets too cold, and if you turn it up, it gets to stuffy. So, I finally just flipped the switch to turn it completely off. It got a little chilly at night, but it was worth it. The staff was accomodating, though. I needed to check out a day early, and they were OK with that - no penalty, which was surprising. The hotel is conveniently located, but there is major construction going on all around it, so it can be a bit noisy. All in all, it wasn't a bad stay - but I'm not sure it was nice enough for me to go back.	
Oct 30 2007	bed bugs in room #607	We arrived and thought for $350 a night, it would be a decent place. Good reviews,etc...We arrived to find that the website pictures were misleading.The hotel lounge was a &quot;room&quot;, it was really odd and very dark.The first night there I noticed that the blanket on the bed was nasty looking. Resembled something you'd find on a street.To top it all off we woke up after night #2 to find that bed bugs had attacked us.My husband and I were both bitten. I was bitten WAY more than my husband. My legs were covered with bites. I was on ointments and Benadryl for over a week.I immediately came home and scalded all our clothes.There was also mold around the tub both inside it and on the floor by it.The bathroom floor was also curling up by the tub.The view in room #607 is of a roof. Not good.The stay was VERY disappointing.The only good thing there is the free breakfast on every floor.	
Oct 30 2007 	Bang On Value For Money Excellent	Free internet was the clincher when booking.Good size rooms, great location, friendly staff, excellent value for money. It was reasonable prices for a very comfotable stay indeed. 10/10 will stay again defiintley.	
Oct 10 2007 	Love the Amalfi but the happy hour bartenders need a lesson in manners	My recent trip to the Amalfi has been during Oct. 4 – Oct. 11 of this past week and marked my third stay there in the past two years with my family. Both my parents and sister have nothing but great words to say about the service, staff, rooms and general experience they’ve had at the hotel. The breakfast is great, the complimentary happy hour is lovely and our overall feeling with the hotel is that it's a wonderful place to stay in Chicago.I've read a couple of reviews over the past six months that have commented upon the two bartenders who work the happy hour lounge in the evenings for perhaps not being the most smiling and friendly of faces, but what I witnessed last night in their behaviour towards hotel guests was downright disgusting.I realise that The Amalfi are providing both the nice appetizers and cocktails/beverages free of charge to guests, which is a very nice thing to come home to after a day of sightseeing/shopping/business etc. The bar staff have a tip jar, which always seems to be full of dollar bills, and every time that I’ve been there, both gentlemen have been relatively courteous to hotel guests. However, my parents and my sister and I were standing waiting to place our orders and after getting my drink, I turned round to walk to a table. Not realizing that the next person in line was my sister, the bartender said in a disgruntled voice to my back, “Yes, thank you!” and looked at the tip jar. My sister then pointed out that I was a member of her party and that, “Yes, don’t worry, we’re going to give you some money.” He had no response to that, but glared at her. When we were sitting down in the lounge we watched him wait until a couple had walked away who hadn’t slipped a dollar or whatever into his jar, which he then lifted up and waved to their turned backs and said in a loud sarcastic voice, “Oh, you’re very welcome, thank you so much!” Every single night my family and I have been there and have had our drinks/appetizers, we, like many guests place a tip in their jar, but to see them behave like spoilt bratty children is atrocious behaviour. I am more than happy to tip and have no problem doing so, and know that it’s a part of eating/drinking out, but it was just such a disappointment to see when all the other staff has been attentive and pleasant.	
Oct 2 2007 	A classy choice I'd return to	There are SOO many options of hotels to choose from in Chicago, especially in the epicenter of the Loop and Michigan Avenue. The Amalfi hotel located on Kinzie street a block from the Chicago River and next door to the Trump tower (that is STILL under construction at the time of this posting) is in a perfect starting-out-point for a nice walk to explore the urban landscape. Millennium park, Michigan Avenue, the Loop, its all within an easy walking distance from the Amalfi. Being an independently owned hotel, the Amalfi is in a position to show off it's individuality. The rooms are impeccable, a daily complimentary cocktail lounge opens on one of the floors at 5:30pm. Serving hors d'oeuvres and their signature Amalfi-tini, amongst soothing mood music, this is a must see before heading out for a night on the town. The rooms are plush, luxurious, and comfortable. The bathrooms are fully stocked with Aveda-brand products. I couldn't find anything I didn't like about this property; I'd recommend it to anyone. Probably not the most kid-friendly, but for couples it's def. a must.	
Sep 29 2007 	Amalfi: amazing exeprience	Myself and two other friends stayed at the Amalfi Hotel for the last week and August. I must say this was an excellent stay and the service was above par. I cannot rave enough about the excellence and quality this hotel boasts. The check in was quick and painless, we arrived at 10 am and were allowed to go to our room right away! There are DVD's to borrow from the lobby if you want to watch something in particular. The hotel is VERY chic and trendy. Definitely a higher end boutique hotel. The location is fantastic. Literally a 5 minute walk to State Street or Michigan Ave. The conceirge set up all of our reservations and other activities for us without question. Even got us on guest list to some of the most exclusive clubs. The reception was delightful, almost like an Italian Antipasti bar: cheese, olives, salmon, bruchetta... etc. Our room was right across and we'd literally get up from a nap get snacks and eat them in our room. Same thing for the Breakfast on each floor. Such an excellent touch. The rooms were kept immaculate, comfortable beds with high quality douvets and pillows. Some complain the room a little on the smaller size but for three girls we were extremely comfortable. I have absolutely no complaints and I would stay at this hotel most definitely next time I visit this city. OUTSTANDING!	
Sep 22 2007 	Great service and great location!	A friend and I stayed at this hotel and were very impressed. We arrived at the hotel at 11am and were pleasantly surprised when they let us check-in immediately. They had a selection, albeit small, of DVDs you could borrow for free. Upon request, they granted us a late check-out of 1pm. And, upon check-out, the front desk printed off my airline boarding passes for me. The room was spacious, the beds were exceedingly comfortable, and the bathroom was nicely appointed. We enjoyed the breakfast right outside our door every morning, though we wished they had some protein included in the offerings. The nightly wine and Hors d'ourves was a nice touch. The hotel was very centrally located to everything we wanted to do. I would definitely stay here again on my next visit to Chicago!	
Sep 17 2007 	LOved the Amalfi	Our experience at the Amalfi was a home run.The check in went very smoothly even though we were early so we had a greater part of the day to tour.The room was very plush and clean with the necessary extras in the bathroom.We enjoyed the morning continental breakfast on each floor each day which you could get in your bathrobe.No, it was not bacon and eggs but for a few days is was great-fruit,coffee ,tea, and all kinds of muffins and pastries.We especially ennjoyedthe complimentary cocktail party each evening. We met some very nice people and enjoyed the conversations with them. Of course the cocktails and the wonderful appetizers were an added welcomed feature.We can not say enough about the hotel and the superb experience we had in the city of Chicago.Cannot wait to go back.Harry Careys restaurant across the street from the hotel was a great find. The steak and atmosphere proved to be another great find.	
Sep 9 2007 	Great Hotel in Excellent Location	My wife and I stayed at the Amalfi Chicago during the last week of August 2007 for 5 nights. I booked the hotel approx. a month and half before our visit and at time of booking we were upgraded to a King Corner Room on the 5th floor which was very nice. Since this was our first visit to Chicago, I asked the staff many questions about the city and getting around. Initially we were going to rent a car but, after talking with the hotel, they assured us a car was not needed since we don't mind walking a little a bit and don't mind using public transportation as long as it safe, clean, and easy to use. Well, arriving at Midway Airport, the &quot;L&quot; train takes you from the airport directly to downtown with a stop being 2 blocks from the Amalfi! That trip is was only $2.00! If a cab, think at least $35 and if shuttle $15-18 per person. Talking the &quot;L&quot; was enjoyable and fun way to get a glimpse of Chicago on the 20 min or so ride. So glad the hotel told me this as a car would have been a waste of money in rental fees plus $40/night in parking. The trains/subways/buses all interact with each other (Chicago Transit Authority). Each time you get on its $2.00 to go where ever and if you can transfer within 2 hours for .25 cents. For our 6 night, 5 day stay, we spent less than $20 and we went many places outside of the downtown area such as Andersonville, Wrigleyville, Bucktown/Wicker Park, and Chinatown. With the location of this hotel, you are pretty central in downtown. The walk to all parts of downtown was nice since we were in the &quot;middle.&quot; For example if you stayed on the Magnificent Mile, you are on one end of downtown to get over to Millennium Park or Navy Pier; you have to walk to the opposite side. So, the location of the Amalfi was prime. The hotel itself is very modern and hip. The staff was very friendly on check in/out. Rooms were very clean and corner room was filled with windows. The TV was regular (not a flat screen plasma or LCD as many would think for this kind of hotel). A DVD player is provided and at the front desk, there was a stack of DVD's which I think you can checkout. A well stocked mini bar was provided although we did not use it. The rooms have free WiFi which was nice as some places we went to during our visit I found in our room using my laptop. The bathroom was nice with good room and Aveda products are supplied. The only somewhat downside to the bathroom is that if you are short, you may not be able to reach the toilet paper roll as they mounted it kind of far away from the toilet ... LOL. The bed was very nice and comfortable as well as large! A copy of USA Today is provided every morning as well as some free magazines (I think they supply those one a week) - We got copies of In Style and GQ Magazine. As mentioned, the hotel is only the first 5-6 floors so, you won't get the &quot;awesome&quot; views as in some other really high rise hotels but, we were perfectly fine with that. We were on the 5th floor and I did notice they had some conference rooms mixed in the floor which was a bit odd. Also, upon re-entering our room the first night we greeting with a bottle champagne which was very nice! Each night during turn down service, a few squares of Ghirardelli's chocolate was placed on the pillow.The breakfast buffet is a very nice touch. During our first night, there was quite a bit of food through out the next morning. But, in following mornings, I noticed the buffet would get wiped out. I think my floor got packed out with guests as the week went along which caused this. One morning, I even got there before 7am and most everything was gone. But, not to worry if reading this ... just get in the elevator and go one floor up or down. I found myself going to 6th floor where there were many options as many guest did not think about even going to other floors. I say take advantage of this buffet because it is free with high quality pastries, muffins, bagels, bread, fruit, coffee, and Tropicana juices in bottles.The nightly happy hour is also a great gesture by the hotel but, was &quot;ok.&quot; We actually forgot about it until near our final night. When we went a few minutes before starting there was already a small line. On going in, seating is very limited. The meats, cheeses, eggplant, and olives were all good. But, the drink choices are limited. They were serving two kinds of bottled beer (Miller and Peroni) and pre-made martini-like drinks along with wine and lower end house liquor. So, don't go and expect to have a call order which many guest were trying to do. Within 30 minutes, the room was packed and of course came the sound of complaints about seating, choices, etc. which I thought was rude. A great gesture but, if out on the town at night enjoying a site or something, don't feel the need to rush back to hotel for this. This happy hour is FREE - so it is what it is but, I still say it is great for the hotel to offer it.There was a construction project going on across the way from our side of the hotel. But, given the amount of walking, site seeing, and transit rides we were doing, we pretty much slept hard until the next morning so, the construction really did not bother us. During out check out day, we noticed the sounds from site much more but, that was because on previous days we were already out of room and hitting the city. Overall the price and services offered by the Amalfi are excellent. Most hotels I looked at were at least double the nightly rate. For under $200/night this hotel is a good value if you are like us; spends as low as possible but, expect good quality. In other words, the extra &quot;wow&quot; factor for a 5 star hotel does not justify the doubling (or almost tripling) of price and our Chicago experience would have been the same.	
Sep 9 2007 	Great hotel; perfect location	We stayed at the Amalfi at the end of August for five days. We thought it was great. A welcoming small hotel surrounded by a number of large, generic chain hotels. The rooms were spacious and the continental breakfast was very convenient and more than adequate (coffee, tea, juice, fresh fruit and baked goods). We went to the evening reception one night - nice opportunity for a drink and some nibbles. They were having a summer sale and our room rate was $182.50, less than many other hotels and we saved on breakfast!We really appreciated the location. We were able to walk to many attractions ( Art Institute and the Museum of Contemporary Art) and some great restaurants (Topolobambo/Frontera Grill, Naha, Coco Pazzo). We had a short walk to the Blue Line to O'Hare and Red Line to Wrigley Field. And there was lots of bars and clubs nearby. Harry Carray's (which looks pretty tacky) is a great bar and offered a decent lunch.We had a great time. We'd stay here again and would happily recommend it to friends.	
Aug 27 2007 	GREAT HOTEL GREAT LOCATION	Excellent hotel and location. Daily breakfast buffet located on each floor was great. Only 2 blocks to Michigan ave and can walk to Navy pier. Free trolley is avaliable about a block from hotel to all atttractions. Aquarium was fun for whole family. River tour is a must -- takes you on Chicago river and then out onto the Lake.	
Aug 25 2007 	Chicago Touring	My wife and I have visited Chicago on business a number of times, but never as tourists. We stayed at the Amalfi, downtown, where we were very close to just about everything: Food, entertainment, museums and other sites of interest. The Amalfi' s service was excellent and the room was clean and comfortable. The complimentary Continental breakfast served daily was a great start to our day of adventures in touring a great town. We'll be back!	
Aug 21 2007 	Wonderful Place	We stayed four nights and were impressed by the quality of service, at a reasonable rate. The staff were extremely courteous. The room was on the smaller side, but with very nice amenities (comfortable bed, soft towels, turn-down service). They had a huge FREE breakfast and coffee-tea service each morning on every floor. The coffee and pastries were delicious. The location was great for the main attractions. We will def. stay at this hotel again!	
Aug 12 2007 	Great Hotel - Good Price Value in Chicago	For inner city Chicago this Expedia special price was very good. The rooms are VERY small and cramped with the TV/Bar literally 10&quot; away from the bed. The wired internet service is tremendous though. The hotel is running low prices because it is in a major construction area. Each morning the workers right outside my window started at 6AM and WOW what a racket they make. The manager's nightly reception is easily the worst I have witnessed in Chicago. I asked for a refrigerator and microwave which was added to my room at no cost. The fridge is barely large enough to hold a small bottle of milk at one setting - FREEZE! Try pouring frozen milk on your breakfast cereal in the morning. The hotel is conveniently located though and I may stay here again depending upon the prices of other local hotels. In my opinion, Amalfi will need to keep their prices lower than $150 per night to maintain a steady client base.	
Aug 9 2007 	Nice hotel	Stayed here for three nights. Hotel is halfway between boutique and business hotel. It is in North River, a 5-minute walk from N. Michigan Ave. Rooms were nicely decorated and clean. I did not find the free buffet breakfast that great as the choice was rather limited (no healthy options, only muffins and other pastries). The happy hour is a great idea but the room it is held in is very small and crowded.	
Jul 31 2007 	Great Stay at the Amalfi	My family and I recently travelled to Chicago for a 4 day stay. We thoroughly enjoyed the hotel. The location is excellent. We were able to walk to the shopping at Magnificent Mile and the Navy Pier. In addition we walked to the theatre district to see Wicked. The hotel is so close to the above sites if you are tired and choose to take a cab, the fare is only about $5.The room size was comfortable and clean. Continental breakfast every morning was adequate and managers reception with wine and cheese in the evening was a nice touch. The hotel is right next door to Keefers Steakhouse which was very good. Also across the street is Harey Careys which was also a fun restaurant. Numerous eateries are within walking distance. I highly recommend Amalfi's on your next trip to Chicago.	
Jul 10 2007	my 70th birthday celabration	My wife and I traveled to Chicago on the 4th of July to the 7th of July. We picked the Amalfi for the price [plane and hotel]. When checking in I found out that the hotel upgraded us to a suite for my birthday. What a nice surprise. The room was huge and the bed was the best we have ever slept in. The shower with two shower heads was just super. Cont. breakfast in a.m. and drinks in p.m. added to the stay. location was great, it took us two days to figure that out. We will try to visit Chicago again and would not hesitate to stay at this fantastic hotel. I rate it 5 stars. george and maureen, plainville ct.	
Jul 5 2007 	We Had a Wonderful Stay at the Amalfi	We had an excellent stay at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago. The location was a big plus, as it was in River North, just above the Theatre District and the Loop. Both were within walking distance, so that we only had to use a cab twice the whole five days. We walked to the Taste of Chicago, and took the free trolley around the Loop and to the Navy Pier and the Field Museum. The hotel was spotlessly clean, and every single person we met was helpful and cheerful. Our luggage was lost by our airline, and though we checked in at 11:30 at night, we were quickly given toothbrushes, toothpaste and deodorant! Our 6th floor room faced Kinzie St., and it was at the end of the hall (612) so our location was quiet and had a nice view of the city skyline. There was not much construction going on in the museum building going up across the street, and the Trump Tower going up in the next block, so we were never inconvenienced. We enjoyed the quiet and we loved the contemporary decor. Nice touches: incredibly well-stocked honor bar, books, magazines, CDs and nice clock radio (tuned to a jazz station.) My husband had ordered champagne and candles for our anniversary (which we spent chasing our luggage and arriving in Chicago 8 hours later than we had planned) and they were waiting for us...but the ice had melted and the candles had burned out. But it would have been really cool if our plans had worked out. Thanks to the hotel staff for taking care of that for us!It was great that there were very few children in the hotel...and the few we saw were teenagers. The continental breakfast was good, though not filling. We were able to get coffee (which was quite good) and fruit before heading out on foot to get a real breakfast. The white wine at the &quot;cocktail party&quot; was bad, though. And it is really weird to go into this room with Muzak playing and strangers standing in line only talking to the person they came with. (And one couple brought their child.) To make this a party, one really needed a social director kind of person to get people to mix. Everyone got their drinks and went back to their rooms. Weird. We only tried this once. After that, we went to a real bar. My only complaint was that at 9 p.m. we had to call and inquire where our laundry was, after we had been told it would be delivered to our room by 7 p.m. And the laundry service was incredibly expensive. If we had known that at first, we would have just bought more clothes to wear instead of cleaning the ones we had used. (Luckily, our luggage arrived before we left Chicago.)Whenever we have occasion to visit Chicago again, we will be staying at the Amalfi. Highly recommended. They took good care of us.	
Jun 25 2007 	Good but not great.	I stayed here in May of 2007 to attend a conference.It's a 3-star hotel but a little better furnished. It's a good small boutique hotel and a good alternative to a larger chain hotel.Pros:Free breakfast (continental)Free WifiBusiness CenterComfortable bed and bed linens.Very CleanAveda bath products.Good locationGood PricingCons:Towels are OK.Noise of construction.Sometimes slow and pokey wifi.Notables:Happy Hour is an odd experience. It's held in a conference room of some sort and it's like walking into a room of strangers. Only went once, not my kind of scene. Preferred spending time at Bin 36 up the street, better atmosphere.Our room was on the 5th floor towards the back, I was awaken each morning with the sound of trash trucks. No matter, had to get up anyway for conference.	
Jun 10 2007 	Excellent Boutique Accommodations	After researching thoroughly (Tripadvisor, Gayot, etc.) we decided the Amalfi rated a try for our first visit to Chicago. We had a wonderful stay, enjoying our room and the general atmosphere, which approximated a small European Hotel.Pro: Attactive, good-sized room with very comfortable bed and functional/ tastefully contemporary furnishings and accessories; large bathroom with nice little vanity area, including separate makeup mirror and bench; CD's in room, and all the quality amenities one needs. Very quiet setting, no loud/drunken conventioners, sports fans, etc.; obliging staff with good attitude (even brought a microwave to our room so my wife could make popcorn, at no charge). Spotless carpeting, etc. -- well cared for facility. Included continental breakfast and happy hours are nice quality and plentiful in quantity and choice. Within 5 - 15 minute walk of museums, river tours, excellent restaurants, live theater and jazz club.Con: Only first 6 stories of building are hotel, so no amazing views (we stayed in room 615 and got a pretty decent partial city view. No complaints, just be aware that a top floor view is not like one you'll get in some of the more pricey Michigan Ave. hotels. The happy hour lounge is rather cramped and noisy, so take your drinks to your room; no protein for breakfast, so pick up some yogurt if you need it (plenty of room in the minibar fridge.Unless you must have the &quot;extras&quot; of a big hotel (room service, restaurant, bar, etc.), or be right on Michigan Avenue, the Amalfi represents an excellent choice at a very moderate price. Expect to pay $75-100/night for anything equal in the Loop/Magnificent Mile area	
Jun 10 2007	Good alternative to large Hotels	I just recently stayed at the Amalfi with my husband to celebrate our anniversary. I was looking for a smaller hotel with a different vibe than the standard chain hotels. Overall I was satisfied with my stay.Travelers should note that the Amalfi is a 3-star CLASS hotel, and should not be confused with the 4 and 5 star RATINGS given in travel reviews.The room was clean and the bathroom was stocked with a blowdryer and all the usual amenities. The staff was helpful when we asked for suggestions/advice. Also, there was a problem with our toilet that was resolved promptly to our satisfaction.Things to note:VALUABLES~There is no in-room safe. If you need to stow something of value you have to use the hotel's safe deposit box. I find this unacceptable for a hotel of this level in Chicago.NOISE~As another reviewer noted, there are MULTIPLE construction projects going on next to the Amalfi. It begins early in the morning until around 6pm, including Saturday mornings.If you want to sleep in past 8am or want a nap during the afternoon you may have problems.FOOD/DRINKS~The continental breakfast and free cocktail hour make this hotel a good value. We saved on breakfast by staying here and enjoyed the &quot;Amalfitini&quot; as our pre-dinner drink. I liked the Amalfi, but I wouldn't return until I knew the construction projects were over since I like to sleep late when I'm on vacation. The entire area where the Amalfi is near would hear the noise, so travelers should research their hotel location carefully if you think the noise will bother you. One of the construction projects was still at ground level, so it'll probably be a long time before the noise ends.	
Jun 7 2007	Good but could be better	We went with the great reviews on Tripadvisor. The location, rooms, amenities and price via Expedia were good. My complaint is the poor service at every stage - the check-in was slow (even at 1am), the concierge (Sarita) was hopeless, staff were generally rude. Also there was some sort of generator box under the bed which hummed all night - we turned it off and it also seemed to turn off the air conditioning. Finally, just to let you know that there is a major construction site in front of the hotel and roadworks at 2am with trucks that beep continuously everytime they reverse!!! Would I stay here again? - maybe if I got a good deal and had a back room but there are plenty of other great hotels nearby.	
May 28 2007 	Highly Recommended	We stayed at the Amalfi on a Thursday, Friday and Saturday night and I can't say enough good things about it. The location is *excellent* - within walking distance of all major tourist attractions (Magnificent Mile, the Loop, river cruises, Art Institute, Cultural Center, etc.) or, failing that, access to transportation to the attraction. A block or so away to the north of the hotel on Hubbard and along State are also a selection of bars and restaurants for anyone interested in dining out and/or nightlife. The hotel itself is clean, well-appointed and the staff are courteous and professional. We'll definitely be staying at the Amalfi on future trips to Chicago.	
May 23 2007 	Our suite was "sweet"	Reserved a suite at the Amalfi, May 16-18, 2007, for a family vacation. The suites are advertised as being &quot;spacious&quot;, but it was a little smaller than I had anticipated. The king bedroom was quite large and one wall is nothing but curved windows, which is quite dramatic, but the living room (with sofa bed) was a little crowded for four people (with luggage, etc.). The bathroom is spacious, good lighting and nice amenities. It was quite expensive, but many of the hotels were booked due to the Restaurant Association being in town, so maybe that's why rates were higher. They provide turn-down service with chocolates and our suite had two honors bars, two coffee makers and glass coffee mugs, two ice buckets and four wine glasses.When we arrived at 2:45 p.m. the computer was down and they could not check us in. But within 10-15 minutes, it was up and running and the front desk staff (called experience designers) were apologetic and accommodating. They have a very nice cocktail and appetizer hour in the late afternoon with free cocktails (try their lemon martini) and meats, cheeses and breads. The atmosphere in the lounge is intimate, with candles and music. Each of the hotel's six floors provides a continental breakfast on each floor where guests feel comfortable enough to come out in robes or pj's to grab coffee, juice, nice assortment of pastries, and fruit. They provide wire basket trays for your convenience to take food back to your room and it's available for a nice timeframe (two hours). The Amalfi is in a good location - only 3-4 blocks from the Wrigley Building on Michigan Ave. and a couple blocks from the Loop District. It's a short walk to catch the Red Line.If it's raining when you're in town and you're looking for a fun inside activity, the 10 Pin is just a little over a block away. Located in the House of Blues, the 10 Pin is an upscale bowling alley and martini bar. This was our second time there and it was as fun as our first visit. They have great, inexpensive food. Last year, we went in the afternoon and got right in, no crowds. This time we didn't go until about 8 p.m. and all the lanes were full, so there was a 30-minute wait. It's a little pricey, but the atmosphere is great and it's a lot of fun. If you have children, I would go in the afternoon.Another great family place is Ed Debevic's, a 50's style diner at 640 N. Wells St. (about a 10 block walk from the hotel). The waiters sing and dance and are a real &quot;hoot.&quot; All the small kids were having a ball . . . and the food's not bad!	
May 4 2007 	Nice place	I was in Chicago for a conference at the Hyatt and didn't want to spend $400/night for a room. found the Amalfi on Orbitz and got a good price by booking in combination with my flight. Was clean, pleasant and (slightly) hip. Convenient location for downtowm events.	
Apr 26 2007 	amalfi is great	We arrived for a weekend stay and really enjoyed the hotel. The cocktail hour was so full of people that we could not get in. The second night we went earlier and it was very nice. The staff was very helpful and had a good knowledge of the area. The rooms were modern and very clean. We will stay there again.	
Apr 26 2007	A High Caliber Hotel BUT . . .	The Amalfi is first class from beginning to end but let me down. The Amalfi offers:1) Nice, clean, well appointed rooms2) Quiet rooms3) Continental breakfast-bar in the lobby of each floor.4) Terrific Mattresses turn-down service5) Robes, slippers, extra blanket, iron, ironing board6) Nightly open-bar reception (great drinks)7) Attentive staff, except . . .  . . there was an intermittent electrical buzzing in the air unit over the entry to our room. I requested that it be repaired after the first night. Nothing changed and I was disturbed for a second night. There is no point in offering amenities if you haven’t first taken care of the first duty of any hotel; to provide your guests with a good nights sleep. And yet so many hotels don't seem to get this most basic idea!	
Apr 23 2007 	In the middle of everything!	Stayed April 19-22. Staff was great, location even better. Two girls late 20s and it was perfect. You were within walking distance of everything (Michigan Ave, Navy Pier, Division St) and a quick cab got us over to Wicker Park. Bed was comfortable and room was clean. The continental breakfast on each floor was great as you could walk over in your pajamas, grab something, and go right back to bed. Perfect when you are out all night and don't want to sleep your day away.	
Apr 21 2007 	Amalfi is the Only place I stay in Chicago	Have stayed many times at his hotel and it continues to excel in every way including customer service which is my big thing. The lobby is small but the rooms spacious and the decor to my tastes. Very comfortable and the staff is always eager to help with any reservations or recommendations. Valet guys are great but if leaving for dinner make sure to call for your car ahead of time. They do get busy. The Amalfatinis at the free cocktail reception each night are excellent and the breakfast served each morning always a treat. Location is pretty central to everything and around the corner from House of Blues for any shows that may be in town. Often dine across the street at Harry Carry's which is always great. Couldn't ask for more. Will continue to stay here every time I am in town (which is quite often).	
Apr 15 2007	Comfortable Stay at the Amalfi	We spent a week at the Amalfi whilst on holiday in Chicago. The room was comfortable, although a little dark! The room housed a big TV (good), DVD/CD (bad quality), Aveda Products (nice touch), and magazines (again, nice touch). The bed was huge and comfy. The breakfast buffet was a big plus if you are on a budget. The drinks reception served quality drinks and antipesto but was a strange experience (small dark room/no windows/lots of people). If you stay at the Amalfi make sure that you get out of the hotel and experience all the great bars that Chicago has to offer - do not just go to the Amalfi drinks reception!! The staff were very efficient and welcoming and we had no compaints with the service offered. If you do stay, make sure that you go for a steak at Harry Carey's opposite the Amalfi and Vong's Thai Kitchen (VTK) behind the Amalfi. Both are great restaurants and worth investigating.	
Apr 8 2007 	Better than average but not great	The Amalfi was a splurge for us for a weekend getaway. We were very excited about the hotel after reading about it online. Maybe our expectations were too high, but we were a little disappointed with our stay. We had mixed experiences w/ the &quot;experience technicians&quot; (i.e. front desk staff). The woman who checked us in was almost done w/ her training but was completely clueless about something basic I asked about. Later, though, our request for toothpaste was happily fulfilled and someone else was extremely helpful with directions via public transporation to a restaurant. I expected to be greeted upon coming and going, but this happened only about half the time (most consistently the concierge staff would greet us). The highly-touted manager's reception took place in a windowless conference room, which definitely detracted from the experience. That said, the drinks we got both nights were good and the finger food decent. Breakfast on every floor was nice, but the bagels were not good at all. It would've been nice to have a selection of cold cereal.Sheets were of very high quality. Bed was too soft for my partner but I liked it. The toilet squeaked when you got up (we never bothered to report it). The bathroom was HUGE, which was nice. I liked the yellow towels; my partner did not. We both agreed that the ones we had at home were softer and more luxurious. Curved shower rod was cool. Aveda products nice, and there was a &quot;vanity kit&quot; and mending kit too. We liked that there were robes and slippers (though oddly only one pair). DVD/CD player played through the TV speakers, so the quality was not good for music. Having a few books and magazines provided was nice. I really liked the comfy chair w/ ottoman, and there was a sliding table that was convenient.	
Mar 25 2007 	Certainly Acceptable Hotel in Chicago	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on March 17 &amp; 18th. Due to it being St. Patrick's Day in Chicago, the hotel was very busy. Enjoyed the location, price, breakfast and nice, clean room. However, the &quot;bartender&quot; in the lounge was unwelcoming at best - perhaps the hotel mangement is unaware that this man needs to work away from customers?? It was perhaps understandable on Saturday nite, as the lounge was packed, but he was just as surly on Sunday, when the lounge was almost empty! His attitude was the only negative in an otherwise nice stay.	
Mar 11 2007	super stay	I was a little intimated by the very hip check in &quot;desk&quot; and the very retro type colors of yellow and orange but once I adjusted to the lobby I absolutely loved my stay. The hotel was very, very clean and the afternoon Manager reception was quite nice with appetizers and beverages of your choice. I would definately stay at this hotel on return trips. Loved it!!	
Mar 6 2007 	Great Getaway	We had a wonderful stay at the Amalfi. Booking on line was easy, and the staff quickly responded to emails I sent. Following the advice of other TA members, I requested a front facing room on a higher floor, adding that the reason I was requesting such a room was to enjoy a romantic getaway with my wife. Check in was cordial and laid back, and the staff was very helpful. Our room was on the 6th floor and was plenty spacious for us, with a large comfy bed, 2 phones, a selection of books and cds, and a dual head shower. The water works in the bathroom were perfect - instant hot water both in the sink and the shower. The breakfast was better than most continental breakfasts, with a decent tea selection, regular and decaf coffee, yogurt (which disappeared quickly), fresh fruit, mini bagels, croissants, breads, etc.An unexpected surprise was waiting for us after we returned to our room from a night on the town. Turndown service for us included not only chocolates on the pillows, but also a bottle of chilled champagne, 2 glasses and a box of wine truffles. Also included was a card wishing us an enjoyable stay. This was completely unexpected and shows that they pay more than the usual attention to their guests. When I requested my room I was not fishing for extras, but it is nice to know that some hotels are willing to go the extra mile. We would definitely stay here again.Also, following the advice from the forums, we parked 2 blocks away at the Sterling Self Park and spent only $16/day for weekend parking as apposed to $37/day at the hotel. The self park has a special - if you park after 3pm on weekends it's only $6 for 24hrs.	
Feb 19 2007 	A wonderful stay.	We spent two nights at the Amalfi. After reading some of the reviews, I sent an e-mail to the hotel to request a quiet room, facing the front, rather than the back side of the hotel (where the loading dock and dumpsters are located). I received a response very promptly and was told that a room on the fifth floor with view on the city had been blocked for us. The room was extremely nice: king-size bed, big windows, very nice soothing decor. The first impression was one of cleanliness. The room smelled good, and everything looked impeccable. The bed was extremely comfortable, the linens of excellent quality, the bath products very nice. Little details I should mention: nice lamps, nice TV with CD and DVD player (DVDs can be borrowed free of charge at the front desk, and some CDs are already in the room), in-room coffee maker, nice closet with iron and ironing board and full-length mirror, magnifying mirror in the bathroom with different light settings for make-up, hair dryer, curved shower curtain rod that allows for more room in the tub/shower and makes it possible to take a shower without ever being in contact with the shower curtain, certificate showing the room is an allergy friendly room.In addition, the manager's reception with great cocktails (Amalfitini and Amore for example) and a buffet with roasted vegetables, tapenade, cheese, foccacia, and a variety of Italian cold cuts is a really nice touch after a long arduous day of shopping! Of course, the lounge is small and seating is insufficient (especially on the weekend), but if you plan it right (arrive there early!), it makes for a very pleasant hour and a half. The breakfast buffet is another nice perk. A buffet is set across from the elevators on each floor: coffee, tea, juices, a variety of pastries, croissants, bagels, and fruit are available to take back to your room on a little tray that is provided. Very convenient!All in all, I would highly recommend this hotel: friendly associates, quiet and comfortable rooms, convenient location with lots of restaurants in the vicinity (Avoid Redfish at all costs. We waited 55 minutes to be served after we ordered, the food was bad, the service inadequate, and our check --as well as the checks of our neighbors on each side-- was inaccurate. We could not wait to leave!) Good restaurant choices are Brasserie Jo for French food and Joe's Seafood Prime Steak &amp; Stone Crab, among many others.We will definitely consider this hotel next time we go to Chicago.	
Jan 31 2007 	Great experience in Chicago	This hotel is in a wonderful location for sightseeing, shopping, walking to good restaurants, etc. The employees are very cordial and eager to help you with hotel procedures, find any information you need about Chicago, and do that extra thing that makes your day easier. Even though my husband and I could be their parents they showed no age bias or impatience with us. The breakfast buffet has a good selection and is served on each floor, and the evening reception is a nice way to wind down. I would definitely recommend the Amalfi.	
Jan 21 2007 	A great hotel stay here	Stayed here for two days in the first week in January, when hotel was very quiet. Got a big corner room. Staff are friendly, decor is modern, and there's a huge choice of pastries and cakes and breads for breakfast, which you take back to your room. The free hors d'oevres with the drinks are great antipasti - olives, breads, cheeses and meats, marinated vegetables. This was a really easy hotel to stay in, fairly central - a couple of blocks away from the 'L', and quiet, despite the building work opposite. If you're in Chicago, stay here.	
Jan 17 2007	Best Hotel Ever.	I ended up at the Amalfi on a last minute deal, staying at the hotel for aruond $130 which is beyond a value. Here is what you should know about the hotel:Fantastic location with incredible rooms - clean, comfortable beds, double headed shower with great water pressure, Aveda products, fantastic channel choices and quiet.I am one of those traveler's who feels the need to disinfect a room as soon as I get there -- toilet, shower, remote control, phone -- and for the firs time ever, I didn't feel it was necessary.On top of the greatness that the Amalfi is, there is a free breakfast every morning (on each individual floor) as well as free cocktail hour in the early evening. Lastly, the concierege and basically anyone working at the hotel are so friendly, kind and informative. Is there anything wrong with the hotel? If you consider bad music playing in the lobby (think Scorpions, Cyndi Lauper) then that is the only downfall because honestly the lack of height (only 6 floors) is an afterthought after you stay at this hotel.We love Chicago but our experience at the Amalfi made the trip much more enjoyable.	
Jan 15 2007 	Too modern for me!	Friendly staff, however, too modern and antiseptic for me! The rooms were clean and modern. There was no extra space to move around in the room, between the bed and the armoire, the chair and the desk. The room was pitch black at night which was great for sleeping, but dangerous when you tried to get up. There really should have been a nightlight! Then the bathroom with its COLD tile floor and no rug, tsk, tsk! The bathroom needed a dimmer switch on the light- it was a very tough transition between the pitch black room and the &quot;runway&quot; in the bathroom. About the bathroom, the towels were as stiff as paper towels. We really needed a local map, and the one they had was fastened in the back of a book, and so small you couldn't read it, as the combined wattage of all the lights in the room was only about 60. One lamp didn't even have an &quot;on&quot; switch. Water was provided- at a cost of $5 or $7 per bottle.... There was no place for the bedspread besides the floor at the foot of the bed- sorry! They did provide a wonderful continental breakfast. Parking at $37/night was quite a bit more than the parking lot across the street was charging them... All in all, we won't be returning.	
Dec 20 2006 	Great Location Quiet Rooms Awesome Bed!!!	Our stay at the Amalfi was a great experience. We had never stayed there before, but after reading the excellent reviews on sites like this one, we decided to give it a try. The staff was very courteous and helpful. After we checked in and got settled into our room, we were amazed that the interior looked exactly like the photos online(which is not always the case)! The rooms were a little small, but we found them roomy enough for downtown Chicago. We were a little disappointed with the view from our first room (basically just dumpsters and a brick wall outside our window), but our request for another room was accomodated quickly, and our second night was spent in a room with a much better view of the surrounding skyline. This hotel is not a great place to go for views, because there are only six floors and it's almost completely surrounded by taller buildings.  Don't let that discourage you, though, because it really is a very nice hotel for the price! We found that we were walking distance from the Magnificent Mile, and we even trekked all the way north to the Hancock Center for supper at the Signature Room and back again! We were surrounded by great restaurants, shopping, and entertainment.  The bed was EXTREMELY comfortable! I have never slept better in a hotel before in my life! The hotel offers an excellent breakfast each morning on every level so you don't even have to take the elevator. There is also a nightly cocktail party with complementary beverages every night, but we didn't get to attend because we had dinner plans both nights.  The rooms were very quiet, thanks to the thick walls and central heating and cooling (no noisy wall unit). The TV and DVD player were satisfactory for viewing a movie from the front desk, which proved to be a relaxing end to a day of shopping. The valet parking service made our stay convenient, and for $37 a day we were able to come and go whenever we chose. My wife and I are very frugal when it comes to travelling, so we usually stay in a hotel in the suburbs and drive in to downtown Chicago for sightseeing. After calculating the cost of driving all that distance and paying for parking, along with the hassle that comes with it, we've decided that the Amalfi is definitely worth the price.	
Dec 10 2006 	Great Location great staff great place!	My wife and I traveled from Michigan to spend a weekend in Chicago for some Christmas shopping and R&amp;R. We have previously stayed at the James, Hyatt Regency, and the Hilton. This was our first stay at the Amalfi and we will surely be back. It is rather small and unasumming, but easy to find on Kinzie, directly across the street from Harry Carreys. The doorman and bellhop were extremely helpful and friendly. The check-in was quick and painless. The experience planner was just that, she had answers to all of our questions and was eager to please. She most certainly went above and beyond what we have experienced with other concierge services at other hotels. The room was nothing extraordinary. It was clean and spacious. The kingbed was nice and comfy with lots of pillows. The bathroom was a typical hotel bathroom except for the 2 showerheads and Aveda bath products. We did not have any noisy neighbors but the ice machine sure cranked out some db's when guests were filling their icebuckets.One of the highlights of the hotel is the complimentary happy hour each evening from 5:30-7:00pm. The snacks and top-shelf drinks were a great way to wind-down as well as to prime the pump for a fun evening on the city. The continental breakfast was also a wonderful way to get your energy for a long day on Michigan Ave. The views are not very desirable, but we didn't really visit for the Amalfi for the view. Check-out in the morning was quick and as painless as the check-in, I had forgotten about the $34.00 per night valet parking and had spent almost all of our cash. I did tip the doorman and valet, but probably not as much as they were used to.Our overall experience at this hotel was wonderful and I hope that we have the opportunity to visit again. We would highly recommend this hotel to our traveling friends	
Dec 7 2006 	Great botique hotel!	This hotel was great - In a great area right downtown and close to everything. The daily happy hour had great food, wine and premium liquors. The free breakfast was even better! Actually I believe everything was included breakfast/happy hour/business center/WiFi.Our room was a king size facing the back of the building. Really clean new and comfortable. Small touches such as books and cds to enjoy made the room feel less like a hotel - Would highly recommend.	
Nov 25 2006	We're Here Right Now	Yep, we're here right now and feel compelled to tell everybody how great it is. The service has been excellent and accommodating and the rooms are beautiful and sleek. Bring your dog and they'll give you dog shampoo. We're coming back and our dog is, too, man.	
Oct 10 2006 	Modern amenities but understaffed at times	My husband and I stayed at the Amalfi for the weekend because most other hotels we were interested in had outrageous rates. I found the Amalfi on TripAdvisor. We paid $279/night.The Amalfi is located in a decent location near the river. Numerous good restaurants and bars are within walking distance. You can also walk to the Magnificent Mile. We tried out Bin 36 for dinner and drinks, Keefers (right next door) for drinks, Tempo (several blocks up) for breakfast, Grand Lux Cafe (on Mag Mile) for brunch and Sushi Samba for dinner. I prefer to stay on the northern end of the Mag Mile, close to the lake, but this was a good alternative.The Amalfi is decorated in a modern style, and they always have loud music playing in the lobby. The decor is bright and refreshing. The rooms are clean but a little cramped for two people. I felt like we were always stepping on eachother when passing between the bed and TV. The bathroom is a good size. There are Aveda bath products. The rooms seem to be newly furnished with a contemporary style. The hotel is only 6 floors, so there aren't any views.Some nice touches are the complementary cocktail and hors d'ouevres reception every night from 5:30-7 and complementary continental breakfast including fruit, juice, coffee and pastries, which is served on every floor every morning. It is very nice to come out of your room in your pajamas to gather some goodies and take back to your room.I had a few complaints. First, the back of the hotel can be loud at night. On Friday night, we stayed in room 440, which faced an alley. This alley has about 10 dumpsters which were emptied periodically all night long. The noise was so bad that we asked to switch our room for the next night. We were told to go to room 419, but when I knocked on the door, someone was sleeping in it. (This was after I double-checked with the front desk staff because there was a Do Not Disturb sign on the door.) I asked again for a room and ended up getting a much quieter room facing the front of the hotel.My second complaint is that the hotel seems to be understaffed. There are only 1 or 2 front desk staff working at a time, and you inevitably have to wait a while for one to be available. Also, the front desk staff also serves as the concierge, so one of these people may be occupied for 15 minutes or more helping someone with directions or reservations. The front desk staff seemed a bit unprofessional at times and didn't have the willing to please attitude.Valet parking cost $37 per night!!! We waited for about 25 minutes to get our car back on a Sunday afternoon.So all in all, it was a good experience, but I don't know that we will stay there again.	
Oct 1 2006 	Was a great hotel!	My husband and stayed at the Amalfi for 5 nights in September, and were thoroughly satisified with it. Bed and linens were great, breakfast on each floor very convenient. Rooms were very clean. They had a 'happy hour' each evening, of which we partook once, and it was very well done. Staff were extremely friendly and helpful, answered all our questions quite easily. The hotel is small, only 6 floors, and the view from our room was the street, but that was not a problem for us. If you are looking for a huge, bustling hotel, with staff falling all over themselves for you, or with a high priced cafe, this is not the place for you. We did all the touristy things in Chicago, and really enjoyed the friendliness of the people and the cleanliness of the city. We liked the location of the hotel, as it is between the north/south portions of the downtown, and was very convenient to each side of the river. So did a lot of walking, and taking the subway, bus. There is also a 7-11 just around the corner for incidentals. The hotel is very quiet.The thing we probably disliked most about Chicago are all the people on the streets asking for money, but I am sure that this is the way with most big cities, and they were not pushy to the point of being obnoxious.We really enjoyed our trip to Chicgo!	
Sep 13 2006 	Some unique touches but not the customer service	As previous poster stated, the website makes you feel as though you will be at a better than Disneyworld customer service site, which this is not. The customer service is fine, but not anything to write home about. I wasn't greeted at the door the first time I entered or anytime I exited or entered again, but I had no problem with that. Just average service. The breakfast was so nice being on its own floor, so you can go to it in your robe and back to your room, without may seeing you. The sheets are great, nice and soft and not hotel white!! Neither are the towels! I thought that was good. 2 showerheads and a very nice location.	
Aug 31 2006 	Amalfi: Website better than the experience.	The Amalfi Website is exceptional and will persuade those who are deciding between the many options to take a chance on its hip and cool presentation. The truth of the matter is that the Amalfi Website is better than the actual experience. If you are expecting to be blown away by incredible customer service think again. In my two days at the Amalfi I was not called sir one time. The only time during that period that I was called Sir was when I was jogging and walked through the Conrad Hotel to gain access to a mall. In a matter of 2 minutes I was addressed as Sir three times by different employees all while clad in jogging pants and a wrinkled t-shirt. Amalfi employees were nice but not polished. Accomadating, but not exceptional. Cool, but not excellent in service. I have had better service at an Embassy Suite and a residence inn.Room - Beautiful Suite , Comfortable bed, Nice AmenitiesPrice - Good ValueQuiet- Mature Patrons.Overall - A hip, incentive laden, 3 star boutique masquerading as a 4 star luxury hotel	
Aug 20 2006	I enjoyed my stay	I was pleased with the welcome as my spouse and daughter entered the lobby. My 4 year old daughter was greeted with crayons and a coloring book. The staff were extremely helpful each time we needed assistance. The bathroom had some minor problems but the staff quickly sent a technician to resolve the issue. I enjoyed the evening cocktails and they even have a service contracted for nanny services if wish to attend evening events (My experience some of the eateries downtown did not allow children in the resturant...The nerve)! The breakfast was average (no cereal selection neither hot or cold). Overall it was a very pleasant experience but nightlife requires a babysitter. Enjoy and hope this helps!	
Aug 20 2006	Great boutique hotel	Excellent service, clean, comfortable and quiet rooms, incredible breakfast and reception included in the cost of your hotel room. Very impressed, highly recommend this newer botique hotel, will stay here again!	
Aug 15 2006 	Loved the Amalfi hotel	I managed to get an amazing rate at the Amalfi and was so impressed by the room and the friendly staff. I fell in love with the FREE continental breakfast provided every morning and especially the chocolate croissants, yum! The Amalfi is a great hotel and I will definately stay there again. While I love the Swissotel, I feel that you definately get more of your monies worth at the Amalfi since they at least offer Free continental breakfast and an evening cocktail reception.	
Aug 7 2006 	Great Staff and good location make the Amalfi a good choice	My wife and I stayed at the Amalfi this past weekend and were quite pleased. The staff was helpful and pleasant. The room (530) was tastefully appointed and spacious. The dual shower heads are great. Having breakfast on your floor is a definite plus. Decent choice of pastries, breads, and muffins. No fruit (except for juice) or dairy products sans butter. A choice of coffee and tea along with the juice as beverages. Within walking distance of the Navy Pier and just a block from the House of Blues (where we saw Chris Isaak). Plenty of restaurants around it and room service from Harry Carry's arrived in about 15 minutes at 7 pm on a Sunday night. Well equiped exercise facility.If you drive you should definitely consider parking outside the Hotel. When we arrived the hotel's valet even suggested not having him park the car. It is $37 a day to park in the hotel's lot versus $6 a day on weekends and $24 a day on weekdays at a lot that is 2 blocks west of the hotel on the south side of Kinzie between Dearborn and Clark.If I were to return to Chicago I would definitely stay at the Amalfi if I wanted to stay downtown. (It is just North of the Chicago River and therefore only a couple blocks away from the loop. The walk along the river to see the tall ships on the way out to the pier was also quite nice.)	
Aug 4 2006 	Overall excellence	Overall excellence. Stayed for 5 nights and was never disappointed. The location was central to everything from south of the river to the north, which made for easy walking. Friendly and helpful staff, quiet rooms, out-of-the-ordinary free continental breakfast and evening cocktail reception (with top shelf liquor). This hotel occupies the lower 6 floors of a 12 story building. The bedrooms are average size but the bathrooms are large with a double-headed shower and plenty of counter space. Very minor considerations: only provide 2 towels per day but give extra when asked; no exhaust fan in the bathrooms; had to jiggle the handle of the toilet to keep it from running; no mirror in the bedroom. The back of the hotel is the quietest but only the top 2 floors have a view --- the others face a brick wall. Would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 2 2006 	Loved the Amalfi	Just returned from weekend at the Amalfi Hotel. Our group was celebrating an anniversary and birthday. The rooms were well appointed and clean, what you expect at a boutique hotel. Very comfortable beds and pillows. Spacious bathrooms with Aveda products. The continental breakfast was the freshest I have ever had at a hotel. Be sure to attend the manager's evening reception - top notch appetizers and cocktails. The bonus for me at this hotel was the friendly staff - NOT the typical snobs you find at some big city boutique hotels. Everyone we encountered from the bellman, front desk, housekeeping, and food attendants were gracious. The front desk even extended our checkout by 3 hours to accomodate our flight schedules. The location is convenient to Michigan Ave, the Loop, the El, and all River North has to offer. We will definitely stay here on our next visit to Chicago.	
Jul 29 2006 	Happy Anniversary at the Amalfi	We stayed one night at the Amalfi to celebrate our anniversary. Hotel lobby is very minimalist, easy check-in. Room is small but has nice touches...books on shelf, CDs, nice roomy bathroom and loved the double-headed shower and Aveda products. Bed was comfy. Continental breakfast was very nice, croissants, muffins, breads, fruit, etc. We would stay there again.	
Jul 28 2006	Relaxed unassuming elegance	Our first stay in Chicago and we are so glad that we chose the Amalfi. They were helpful and nice from the minute we stepped onto the curb. During our 3 day stay, we were treated as well as if we were the paying for the presidential suite. Not a slacker or snob in the group. And the room was well decorated and comfortable even though it was small. Everything is convenient in the room as well as in the hotel. The morning pastries, etc. are better than any hotel that I have been in and the appetizers with complementary drinks in the evening are a great bonus! We will definitely stay again during our next visit.	
Jul 26 2006	Downtown Stay	Well located and well staffed. The Amalfi was a clean and comfortable place to stay. It lacks a restaurant or bar but many are near by. Free continental breakfast and evening cocktail.	
Jul 25 2006	Great Hotel!	We had a great experience at the Amalfi Hotel! It's in a great location - walking distance to Michigan Ave, lots of restaurants, and the House of Blues. The hotel room was very clean and had a nice modern decor. The complimentary continental breakfast on each floor was very convenient. Coffees and pastrys but good. They also had a gym on our floor that was clean with new equipment. Didn't deal with the staff much but when we did they were very helpful. Great overall experience!	
Jul 17 2006	Great stay	We stayed here with a group of friends to see the World's Largest Block Party concert in July. Hotel was very nice - quiet, but still plenty of young people and an energetic vibe. It's in a good location - actually close to Michigan Ave (the previous person obviously did not know that you can walk a different way and be there in five mins), yet still within the Rush St. area that has good bars and restaurants. Don't miss the burgers at Harry Caray's. Also, the Weber Steakhouse was very good. Best place of all was the Billy Goat Tavern. Anyone who appreciates SNL (&quot;cheezborger, cheezborger&quot;) will love it - it has not changed in the seventy years it has been sitting there. Very cool place and great burgers.Amalfi was just what we needed. Nice, clean, professional...	
Jul 11 2006	Some things great other things not so great	We stayed here for two nights in September of 2005 for our anniversary. This hotel was ranked #3 and I got it for about $200/night so I was stoked.Good = Room was very nice. Bed extremely comfortable. Liked the style of the placeOkay = Breakfast was raved about by other reviewers, but I found it to be average.Not Good = Front desk service was nonexistent at midnight. It was frustrating because we were looking for late night dining options. Ended up just not getting anything. I wish the location was a block or two closer to the Mag Mile area. It was 8-9 blocks from the water tower. State Street ain't Michigan Ave.We didn't do the experience designer thing, because we're from the area and pretty much knew what we were going to do.Overall, I would stay here again, but would explore other options first.	
Jul 8 2006 	Excellent Stay at the Amalfi	We stayed at this hotel for business/pleasure. I requested an early check-in and was accommodated without a problem on arrival. The staff was also very helpful in making sure that the mini-bar had space for my own personal use (I was traveling with an infant and needed room for milk). The room was average size for a city hotel room and the furnishings were modern art deco. The closet space was small, but enough for what we needed. The bathroom was large and had Aveda bath products. The hotel and rooms were very clean and the housekeeping did a great job every day of cleaning the room and providing turn-down service in the evening. Every morning there was a fresh continental breakfast and delicious coffee in front of the elevator. Our room was right outside of the elevator and we did not hear any noise outside our door. The hotel also has a complimentary cocktail hour each night with liquor, beer, wine and appetizers. The room service was delivered from Harry Caray's Restaurant with the prices being mid to high and the quality of food average. The mini-bar had some good snacks and considering what my husband ate, I was surprised it only came to $19 (we stayed for 5 days and he ate goodies the entire time). My husband used the gym and he enjoyed the machines. The gym is also open 24 hours. The staff was very helpful, pleasant, and accommodating. One time we dropped a glass in the bathroom and the housekeeping staff immediately came to clean it up. The only improvement that I can say the hotel needs is the Internet access. The wireless was down at some point every day. The hotel also has a business center that you can use with a printer and fax machine, but the Internet in that room was down when I tried to use it. The engineer was very helpful and apologetic about the problem and he had it fixed within an hour of my complaint. I saw some guests with pets so I think that dogs are allowed in this establishment. The hotel does not have a pool. It is conveniently located next door to Red Fish Restaurant (which has great food) and there is also a 7-11 right around the corner. There are bars and tons of places to eat all within walking distance. This hotel is not as close to Michigan Avenue as some of the other hotels I have stayed at in the Chicago area, but still all within walking distance to museums, shops, attractions, etc. I would definitely stay here again and would recommend this hotel to couples and people on business. The hotel is also family-friendly, but because it does not have a pool, I would not stay here again with my child.	
Jun 23 2006	Losing ground	The Amalfi is a comfy contemporary designed hotel. A little too much color for my taste, but the rooms are generally large, quiet and really comfortable. I've stayed there 7 times in the past couple years on business. However, beware of the front desk after hours, twice I have had engineering issues in my room in the evening and have called down to no answer at the front desk, finally having to walk downstairs and ask someone for help (both people online and not answering the phones or something). I have had trouble with incoming calls---friends on hold for a long time and with a message saying the “experience designers are all busy please hold” Note to self: If you’re going to call your staff “experience designers” then you’d better deliver. A low mark for the front desk staff overall, very nice but not really the level of professionalism necessary for a hotel where single room rates are $379 (+ more) peak. The BIG BIG mess at the Amalfi is their wireless and wired i'net service. HORRIBLE. More than once it was either hardly working or didn't work at all. Again, the engineer tried and did his best--but the system overall is inadequate for the size and volume of use at this hotel and it was just, in a word, annoying. So much so I won't come back again--after asking the front desk (nicely) if &quot;the high speed was going to be fixed&quot; I was met with an attitude and the answer &quot;Huh? I didn't know it was broken. It should be fine.&quot; Again, for $387 in Chicago, shoulds are not the experience I designed for myself.	
Jun 20 2006	Will not stay here again!	The location was good.Check-in was ok. Asked for non smoking room, given floor with half smoking half non smoking. We could smell the smoke as soon as the elevator doors opened. We asked for and recieved a room on a non-smoking floor. They did not bring up the key, we had to go down to the lobby to get it.Breakfast could have had some healthy choices, the sweet rolls and danish were not fresh. Bananas not ripe.Room only had ONE wash cloth, had to call down for more.Housekeeping NEVER showed up at our room. Not for turndown service , not for the morning clean -up. Called down upon our arrival back to our room after being gone all day and we were accused of putting our the Do Not Disturb sign. They said they would come up and they never came when they said they would. We finally told them not to come because of the time. We wanted to get ready to go out for dinner.Never greeted by anyone as we came and went.I have stayed at the Peninsula and the Burnham. The Burnham was booked during our stay or I would have stayed there.I will NEVER stay at this hotel again, Not worth 300.00 a night	
Jun 4 2006 	Location: great Hotel: very average	If you visit the website for the Amalfi Hotel it will give you a set of expectations this hotel simply can't fulfil. Having been to many Chicago hotels, this one is smack dab in the middle. It is not as nice as the Park Hyatt, Westin Michigan Avenue, Sofitel, Burnham or the like. It is about the same quality as the Hyatt Regency or the Radisson on Huron. The problem is that the rooms and common areas are very reminiscent of a bit of an upscale Holiday Inn. Again, it's one of those hotels that try to create something really interesting out of a very average, plain foundation. The location is fantastic, really. Right between Michigan and State, right on the cusp of River North and south of the river. You couldn't ask for a better location. The hotel is loud. Soundproofing in the rooms needs work. The gym is okay, but not great. So, in sum, this is not a bad hotel but it shouldn't be the first place you look for a Chicago room.	
May 18 2006	Loved the Amalfi!	The Amalfi Hotel was great, and I agree with the other postings, hotel was much better than many 4 or 5 star Hotels I have been to. The key things that made the Amalfi better:- best continental breakfast (located on each floor, so you don't have to put shoes on or get dressed, you can stay in pj's)- Manager's reception - free cocktails/appetizers each night - great way to meet other travellers and relax- Local jazz cds, books and magazine were much appreciated, I feel asleep to Chicago jazz everynight- Bed - was fantastic, so comfortable- Bathroom - stocked with Aveda products and had a double head shower. Plus, all the staff are really friendly and very helpful. I would definately recommend the hotel and I would return. Book this hotel, you won't regret it, great location, amenities and service!	
May 3 2006	great stay (again)	This was our second visit to Chicago and without a second thought we again chose the Amalfi. Location is perfect for exploring downtown area and around. Really comfortable beds, spacious rooms, complimentary breakfast and of course not forgetting the free drinks and nibbles every evening. I could not fault the hotel at all and could not have asked for more, we will definitely stay here again on any future visits to the city.	
May 2 2006	Extremely pleased	I booked two rooms at the Amalfi from a Travel Zoo special. I was really leary as to what I was getting because the price was $119 per night. To our pleasant surprise both couples of us were quite impressed and pleased. The rooms were above average, well decorated, and pleasant to be in while you were there. We received a continental breakfast each morning and a manager's reception (cocktails and appetizers) each night. The manager's reception is quite a treat! Great drinks and food. Above all the hotel staff was extremely helpful and very customer friendly. The hotel is in close walking distance to the theater district, magnificient mile, merchandise mart, etc. All of us would be happy to stay at the Amalfi again.	
Apr 26 2006	Nice But Not Special	This is a very average Loop/Michigan Ave./River area hotel.Rooms were modern and clean, as you would expect. Prices were very high-- also expected. Views are unimpresive, but the location is good. The morning spread of food they put out is excellent.In all it was a nice place to stay but I don't understand the high praise of the other reviews. Nothing special here. It is a bit gimmicky and attempts to be ultra hip. No counter to check-in at, you sit at a desk with an &quot;experience designer&quot; who then does the exact same thing that every clerk at every other hotel does. Web site doesn't tell you, but there is parking on site ($37 per night).In all it was fine and I would stay here again, but I don't agree with the hype of the other reviews.	
Apr 21 2006	Exceeded High Expectations	This was our second time staying here. We were very much looking forward to our weekend at the Amalfi (based on how well the first stay was). It turned out better than our anticipation. The beds are very comfortable. 2 headed showers with a large bathroom. The hotel is also pleasantly quiet and easy to check-in and out. Our room was near the exercise room which helped motivate us to get in an hour morning workout. Then we were able to grab some complimentary fruit, pastries, juice and coffee on our floor (breakfast is on every floor). No great view from our room, but I don't think there are great views from most any room since it is only 5 floors. We didn't need to drive, take a cab or jump on the L the whole weekend since the hotel is centrally located. We easily walked to bars, blues clubs, restaurants, the hancock tower, the loop and the waterfront all from our hotel. The highlight of the hotel was the complimentary happy hour. Free top-shelf drinks and wonderful meats, cheeses, peppers, and breads. This ran from 5:30 to 7:00, and was a great warm-up to a nice dinner. This alone saved us a bundle in money that would of been spent eating and drinking out in the evening. And an extra money-saving tip...park at the self-park lot 2 blocks west of the hotel on Kinzie. Its $24 per night during the week and only $6 per night on the weekends. I think the hotel charges $30 to $40 per night to park.	
Mar 15 2006 	Great value!	Stayed there for a weekend; very low-key and quiet place; no hustle and bustle in the lobby, it's like coming home to a condo. Decor is clean, simple, and modern. Rooms are not huge but comfortably sized. Loooved the double shower heads!! Location is convenient enough, a block from House of Blues, and a couple of blocks walk to Michigan Ave. Good restaurants around it (Harry Caray's, Smith and Wollensky, etc.). Overall, the hotel is clean, comfortable, and great value for the price. Highly recommended and would stay there again!	
Mar 7 2006	Average Accomodations below average customer service	Often visit Chicago, but this was my first stay at this location. Was able to secure a good rate through travelzoo. Thought the room was clean and was nicely decorated. Was very disappointed in the service. Stayed on a Saturday night - waited 20 minutes for extra pillows - called for 15 minutes but found out the third shift crew came in 20 minutes late. Also received an incorrect folio under my door(another guests that was staying at this location). I called the front dest to inform them of the error - and they explained that this was made in error and would be corrected. I opened my credit card statement and found that I was charged for three different rooms - one on the date of my visit and two a week later. I called the hotel and guest services took the information and forwarded to their accounting department. Received a message to call the billing department, have called three times - but have not received another reply back.	
Mar 7 2006	Nice Hotel Nice Location Nice Staff Nice Price!	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Amalfi Hotel for a “girls weekend” away. The hotel staff was very nice, accommodating, and helpful – especially Jaymes at the front desk. – Thank you Jaymes for all of your restaurant recommendations! The room was nice, sizeable, and clean. Continental breakfast was served each morning and consisted of coffee, tea, fresh fruit, muffins and breads. An open bar cocktail hour was served each evening with an array of appetizers including, olives, cheeses, artichokes, brushetta, and meats. Additionally the “business center” included free internet service and a printer, so we were able to print out our boarding passes ahead of time! This hotel was centrally located and convenient to all shopping and dining destinations. The price was right and we would definitely return to this hotel!	
Mar 3 2006	Thank you Angie loved our stay	What a wonderful experience, super great, helpful, friendly staff. Angie at the front desk made sure my husbands birthday would be great. Our room was beautiful. Angie suggested we go to Sullivans for dinner..perfect choice, make the reservation for us.(best seat in the house and a special dessert) wow...Above and beyond what any other hotel or staff has done for us before..Looking forward to staying there again &amp; again. THANKS AGAIN	
Feb 28 2006	Terrific Spot	Wanted to drop a note to say what a nice place this hotel is. Great employees, very helpful and welcoming. Room was very nice, big enough, nice bathroom, great view and great maid service. Breakfast every morning on each floor includes fruit, breads, muffins and danish's, coffee, juices, open bar with light snacks every nite. What else do you want? Would definately return there. Convenient to walk to all of downtown attractions including Miracle Mile.Nice place.	
Feb 18 2006	Perfect stay at the Amalfi	I had shopped around quite a bit for our Feb.9-13 stay in Chicago, and I was so glad we settled on the Amalfi. The location was perfect for us, the staff was very helpful and friendly, and the hotel had everything we needed: a great room, free wireless access for our laptop, an ample breakfast spread right down the hall each morning, and a nice cocktail hour in the evenings in their comfortable lounge, which also happened to be on our floor.Thanks to everyone who gave suggestions on the Chicago forum--we had a wonderful time.	
Jan 28 2006	3rd stay but no more	This is the third time I stayed at Amalfi. The room itself is not bad but the TVs have the most horrible speakers through which the CDs play. Asked for a street facing room, got to stare at a brick wall. Worst of all, had the do not disturb sign up so room service never came round (my fault) but called down in the evening to get room ready, came back very late at night and guess what ... not a thing had been done. Not a pleasant way to go to sleep. So, that's it for the Amalfi. Fortunately, there is no dearth of choice in Chicago.	
Jan 19 2006	Wonderful Experience	My friend and I stayed at the Amalfi in July of 2005. It was an expceptional experience. The staff was incredibly helpful and knowledgeable. We showed the concierge our plans for the trip and he offered a few suggestions for changes. Thankfully we took his advice and saved money on the trip and had a wonderful time. We had no problems getting reservations to restaurants or taxis at anytime. The cocktail hour is also something that is not to be missed. Have the signature drink, the Amalfitini and don't miss the mushrooms. You will not regret staying at this hotel	
Dec 22 2005 	Decent stay but nothing spectacular...	Stayed there 12/13 and 12/14-staff greeting the taxi was very friendly and front-desk staff very friendly and helpful when I asked where the ATM was. The room was pretty average---probably better than average for most hotel rooms downtown. Small, but decent. Located right next to Redfish--great live music and pretty casual---a fun, lively audience on a Wednesday evening. I'll go there again when I return to Chicago.If you want to stay close to the hotel, may want to check out Catch35. I had dinner there and after the 'locals' left, I hung out at the bar and chatted with the bar and wait-staff. Lots of fun.I also had a great time at the Greek Islands---first time for Greek food and the owners/staff knew the person I went with. Very enjoyable and very down-to-earth!! I had a very enjoyable time when I was there. I wish I could have seen Michigan Avenue all lit up for the holidays but I was sick and it was way too cold. I plan to return for work in January.The only other thing I'll mention is that the morning continental breakfast, as others have stated, needs a bit more healthy items. I was very close the elevators and the staff woke me up the two mornings setting up the breakfast full of coffee and sweet breads. They have added fruit but could use some bagels and meats rather instead. Too much sweet stuff for most people. Being able to grab yogurt or milk would be great.I'll consider staying there again as I travel to Chicago often. Just a few kinks to work out.	
Dec 7 2005	Fine experience	A good small hotel, very nice rooms, attentive help, free Internet, happy hour, breakfast buffet. Unbeatable location! I'd stay here again.Cautions:You may have to ask how to work the TV and CD player. The bolster on the bed is kind of unwieldy to move; be a little careful. When we tried, we managed to knock over a lamp. Apparently rooms overlooking the alley get noise from the trash pickup in early AM. Enquire when you book.	
Dec 3 2005	Nothing extraordinary...	I stayed at the Amalfi, basically based on other users opinions. Having never been to Chicago, it was quite a difficult choice to make.I paid Rack rate for my &quot;Great Corner Room&quot;, for which I received not my monies worth. On the positive side, I received an early check-in, which normally is difficult to receive if the hotel is full. My consultant however, never explained anything about the complimentary breakfast, etc. I received my room card and minibar-key with the words: &quot;Call reception if you need to find anything out&quot;. When I got to my &quot;Great Corner Room&quot;, I found that I have been placed on the exact opposite corner, of the fabulous photograph that shows the hotel's exterior, facing rooftops at the back of the hotel. Included in the view was a huge watertank, air-conditioning units, the works. There was no file or folder in the room that explained which services the hotel offered and I was not prepared to ring reception to find out exactly what services, besides the room service menu, the hotel was offering. All of the concierge staff needs a pat on the back, they were always eager to get you a taxi, welcoming you back to the hotel and just generally being nice. As a previous user justly pointed out, the hotel needs to get a few basics in order. For the rate I have paid, I expected just that something &quot;extra&quot;. It is hard to explain... Will I go back? Probably not as I have spotted quite a few chain groups in the vicinity which I know for a fact delivers a consistent, excellent product.	
Nov 24 2005	Great location ok hotel	Stayed Nov. 19 to see the Brian Setzer Orchestra at the House of Blues. Hotel is a block a way, and a mile from Union Station so taking Amtrak from Milwaukee was a breeze. Check in was easy and quick, and the room was fine. A little small, but it's downtown Chicago. They do run some good deals, unfortunately not for the time we were down there. Check out travelzoo. Reception was fine, but not sure what all the buzz is about for the amalfitini. Very punchy, gave it to my wife and she passed on it as well. Bed very comfortable, even though it was a little scary :) to see a 2 story Harry Carray staring back at you. Soundproofing needs a little work. A lady in the room next door had a conniption on the phone at 2 am and we heard every word. :(Check out the Redfish right next door for a nice dinner/drinks. Would stay there again at the right price.	
Nov 17 2005 	Great hotel concept but need to get the basics figured out to succeed	I booked this hotel for a business trip since I was able to get a $129 rate on Travelzoo and figured I'd save my company some money. I had also read excellent reviews on TripAdvisor. I had a guaranteed and confirmed room reservation for two nights in November. When I arrived in Chicago at 7:30pm I decided to go to dinner prior to checking in so called the hotel to request a late check in and was told &quot;no problem.&quot; When I arrived at the hotel at 11:45pm I was told they didn't have a room for me and that I'd have to move to the Four Points Sheraton which they paid for. It was a major inconvenience to have to move and completely unacceptable that my confirmed room was given away. I was told that they overbooked and didn't get as many cancellations as they expected. I did check into the hotel the next day and once there did have a good experience. I would recommend staying here but do ensure that your reservation is indeed confirmed and avoid any late check-ins or you might not have a room! The &quot;experience designers&quot; were great and very helpful. The rooms were very nice and comfortable (felt like home). The breakfast could stand to add on some bagels for the &quot;healthy factor.&quot; It was nice that they did have fruit.I think that once the kinks are worked out that this will be a great hotel--they just need to get the basics down!	
Nov 14 2005	Decent but not great	After a few hours of hotel research, I decided on the Amalfi based on stellar reviews and somewhat reasonable prices. I was unable to book a room for a single night online, so it took a couple of phone calls to secure a reservation. I found the staff to be polite and accomodating. My husband and I checked in 2 hours early and perhaps we caught the reservation desk between shifts. Instead of being greeted by our &quot;experience designer&quot;, as cited on the web site as being someone who will go above and beyond to execeed expectation, we were given a key to our room and a half-hearted &quot;welcome to the Amalfi&quot;. We were not told about the manager's reception or the breakfast on our floor. I had to call the front desk to find out the time and location. The room was fine... small and tidy and suited for a single business person. The bathroom was above average. However upon removal of a towel, the towel bar fell off the wall. It was incorrectly mounted and needed repair. We reported this problem directly to the staff at the front desk. Three and a half hours and a second phone call later, the problem was remedied. The manager's reception on the sixth floor was bizarre. Located in a small conference-type room, about 30 people were not so much mingling as they were being hearded into a single file line headed by a staff member with a large plastic pitcher of &quot;amalfitinis&quot; in each hand yelling out &quot;who wants what&quot;. A large flat screen was showing a football game and a dozen people balanced tacky, frosted martini glasses and plate fulls of supermarket deli meats and stale focaccia on small, dimly lit tables. Awkward and not tasty. I don't blame the manager for not attending his own reception. The bed was reasonably comfortable and the sheets were above average. Upon attempting to close the drapes, we were schocked to find this was not a possibility. There is no way to block out the morning light. Maybe this is a tactic to encourage early check out. The housekeeping staff and doormen were all very pleasant. It is difficult to find a decent room for less than a couple hundred dollars in this area, but I'd say it's worth further investigation.	
Nov 6 2005	Not what I expected	I went to Chicago with two girlfriends for a nice relaxing weekend. We chose the Amalfi based on positive reviews and were sadly dissapointed.Arrival: We checked in 1 hour after &quot;official check-in&quot; and were told by a rather rude clerk that our room wasn't ready and just because we reserved a room with 2 queen beds didn't mean that was what we would get. He recommended we take a king with a roll away. We didn't pay hundreds top rate to sleep on a roll away. We had pre-paid for a room with 2 queen beds and got that response. Housekeeping: Bathroom items and coffee were not replaced during our stay. We had to ask for both the next day.Breakfast: Extemely over rated. There was no nutritional value. It was muffins, danishes, coffee and juice. How about some fruit, bagels, or yogurt?I think our review of the hotel would have been a lot better if we would have had a smooth check in and been treated like paying customers.I will add that Amal (experience designer) saved the day. She was very helpful in getting dinner reservations and recommending places to eat. She was alway's polite and willing to help.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone after the customer service issues we had.	
Nov 2 2005	Fine but not gushing	Stayed at the Amalfi Oct 28-31. Took Blue Line from OHare to Grand, walked 3 blocks across river, all for $1.75. Good location. MagMile is about 3 blocks away, as is Merchandise Mart &amp; Furniture (!) district. Harry Caray's is across the street, Frontera Grill (excellent, but be ready to wait an hour) around the corner. Giordano's pizza, a must-eat, was maybe 5-6 blocks north on Rush. Room was fine tho smaller than expected. I like pastries for breakfast, unlike some other reviewers, tho a microwave would be a nice addition for heating them up. Free happy hour is a nice touch. Overall, a fine tho not especially luxurious hotel. We'd go back.	
Oct 17 2005	Travelodge mascarading as a nice hotel	We stayed at Amalfi for 2 nights and i have to say after reading all the reviews here i expected a little bit more. It's a fine place with clean bathrooms and comfy beds but it's just not worth the money. It does have comfy beds and free continental breakfast. The sheets though, made us itch for some reason and we are normally not sensitive to these things. The breakfast could really benefit from some bagels or yougurt. Otherwise, it's just an early morning sugar attach of muffins, danishes, sweet breads, and croissants. There are plenty of restaurants around but they are all of the big chain variety, if you are into that sort of thing.Also, the windows do not open and there is a climate control device in the room. The problem with it that it keeps blowing air all the time, alternating between cold and warm, right over the bed. There is a sign not to turn it off but we did once just to see what happens and the air in the room got uncomfortably stale.They do have a business center where you can send fax and use internet for free. The problem is it is only one tiny room with one computer in there. One person at a time...All and all, we will not stay there again. If we feel like luxury, we have to find some other place. But if we feel like a regular hotel in the heart of the city, maybe we will try Red Roof Inn or something like that. At least we'll know what we are paying for.	
Oct 8 2005	10 girls 	We attended a Bachorette Party in Chicago in Aug 2005. There were 10 girls total. We had 5 rooms ... and I did not hear one complaint from anyone during our entire extended weekend.Never been to Chi-town before, I booked our hotel based on reviews from TA. And we were not disappointed. The staff is wonderful, the happy hour was just fabulous. The room was nice and clean, with a great double headed shower and Aveda products was an extra bonus! Then you also get free internet in your room! The hotel was chic and hip without the pretentiousness. We still talk about what a wonderful time we had ... and we all agree that if we ever go back to Chicago we will be staying at the Amalfi again.Trust me the pics don't do it justice!	
Oct 6 2005	Wonderful!	Stayed at the Amalfi for 3 nites. Location: Excellent. Near many restaurants and night spots, easy walk across the river, or to Michigan Avenue for even greater selection. Subway is a 5 minute walk, but CTA bus line (State Street) is right around the corner.Arrival: Euro-designed lobby is clean and dramatic. Staff was efficient and friendly, and offered assistance with our bags and with concierge services.Room: Exactly as reserved (2 queen beds, no smoking). Room on the street side of the hotel, on the 4th floor, off the lobby. Nonetheless, amazingly quiet. Room was standard size, but furnishings helped make good use of the space available. The quality of the beds was fabulous! Better than what I sleep on at home. Coupled with fine bed linens, we had a wonderfully restful sleep experience. Nice touches included cd player, cd's and books, and free high speed internet service right in the room.Bathroom was large and well furnished with nice quality linens and toiletries. Everything was immaculate. Services: Slip on the sssoft, plush bathrobe and slippers and head to the lobby right outside your door for continental breakfast. Coffee, tea, juices, fresh fruit and pastries. Pastries were a bit dry, and overall, the offerings provided too many carbs. Yogurt, cream cheese, or plain whole wheat toast would have been a nice addition to the selection.Kudos to the management for responding enthusiastically to my suggestion that they implement a &quot;green&quot; program (guests can direct housekeeping when to change sheets/towels during their visit - saves water and energy).Can't wait to return to Chicago and another stay at the Amalfi!	
Oct 5 2005	Gem in the Heart of the City	I went to Chicago with my daughter. We had never been before, so I was really going blind in terms of where to stay, what to see, etc. There were tons of hotels to choose from, but for some reason I kept coming back to the Amalfi and finally just booked it. We were not disappointed.The location was great, situated between the Magnificent Mile and the Theatre District, and within walking distance of all public transportation. The staff was unbelievably friendly and helpful. We arrived quite early and they accommodated us with a room without any hassle whatsoever.The room was clean. The breakfast buffet each morning by the elevator was a nice touch. A nightly happy hour was also pleasant for guests.At one point my daughter lost a special stuffed animal that was given to her by her late grandmother. I contacted housekeeping. They searched high and low but couldn't find it. They went so far as to call the laundry service, but they didn't have it either. They would not quit trying and eventually got in touch with a supervisor at the laundry service. The stuffed animal was returned to my daughter the morning of our departure. Now THAT'S SERVICE!	
Oct 1 2005	Just lovely	My husband and I planned an extended weekend trip to Chicago just to see a group called Pink Martini at the Hot House (great place for live music!). After an extended search and reading the Tripadvisor reviews, we chose the Amalfi. The hotel lived up to our expectations in comfort, service, ammenities and proximity to everything. We also visited a few condominiums as we are planning to purchase a second home in Chicago. We will be visiting Chicago a few more times this year and the Amalfi will be our home away from home.	
Sep 28 2005	Not all I hoped but nice	I stayed for three nights, based on the reviews on this site. The location is great, being within walking distance of many shops and restaurants. This area is not at crowded as the Water Tower district. The beds are comfortable and the bathrooms are nice, but the room wasn't any larger than a standard room.The staff is friendly, but nobody showed us to our rooms or gave us keys to the minibars. One room smelled of smoke (we switched), even though it was on a non-smoking floor. There are no vending machines on the floors. One day, the room was neither cleaned nor were the beds turned down. Being a small boutique hotel, it lacks much of a traditional lobby. The friendly doorman provides umbrellas on rainy days. There is a computer and printer for guest to use. We printed our bording passes for our return flight. The breakfast buffet is nice, with a good selection of drinks, fruit and pasteries. If you are traveling with children, you might prefer a hotel that offers more than the continental breakfast. I didn't notice any milk or cereal offered.One plus was that we were able to take the subway back to the airport. A major terminal is a ten minute walk from the hotel. A short hike if you do not have much baggage. The subway is quicker to Ohare than a taxi during rush hour. On my next visit to Chicago, I will probably stay at a larger, more traditional highrise hotel for a different experience. However, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the Amalfi.	
Sep 21 2005	as always... terrific!	This is a great hotel. I have visited several times, and each time it is better. Great location, super concierge (what the heck is an experience designer?), top notch bedding, soaps, etc...These folks have bent over backwards to make our stays enjoyable. That is how loyalty is built, folks.By the way, my first stay here was based ona TripAdvisor review. Go Amalfi (and try a martini while you are there).	
Sep 19 2005	It's a winner!!!	Hubby &amp; I stayed at the Amalfi for 3 nights in August on the first leg of a month long trip to US &amp; Canada. I selected this hotel after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor and couldn't have been more pleased with the hotel. I booked directly through the hotel and got a great rate.......requested non-smoking, quiet room on an upper floor away from lifts and service areas. I confirmed our booking before leaving Australia and mentioned requests again. On arrival our greeting was really friendly and our room was perfect - all our requests had been met, plus we had a free upgrade. Our room was large, bright and airy, the bathroom large and spotless with great amenities + that wonderful double showerhead. The breakfast was great, nice touch. The free internet was a bonus. All staff were really friendly and hotel was in a great position for sight-seeing, we walked everywhere from there. If we ever get back to Chicago we will definitely stay at the Amalfi and have no hesitation in recommending it to anyone.	
Sep 13 2005	Nice choice	We stayed here over Labor Day weekend. It is very much in the stylish boutique mode but that was fine. I agree it is starting to wear in places but they seemed to be addressing that. The breakfast was fine and the happy hour a nice touch though a bit more restocking of food would be good. It was a great location as it was central to most things. My only complaint is that we booked two rooms online on their site. For some reason I decided to confirm a week out and found they only had one room. They were able to accomodate us in a very efficient manner.	
Sep 12 2005	A very pleasant stay	I stayed at the Amalfi over Labor Day weekend. Overall, I had a very pleasant experience. The hotel is centrally located downtown, right across the street from Harry Carry's. Be prepared to pay $35 per day to park at the hotel. The lobby is very different, but beautiful, with a baby grand piano and bright, vibrant colors. Check in was smooth and efficient. The hotel only has 6 floors, so you wont get a view of the skyline (our room had a view of Harry Carry's). The entertainment center takes up a lot of space, which makes the room feel smaller than it actually is, but it was very pleasantly decorated. The bed was very comfortable- the pillows were soft and fluffy and the sheets were definitely high quality cotton (I guess about 350 thread count). The bathroom was fabulous- lots of counter space, fluffy towels, and the shower was excellent (dual shower heads). The DVD/CD player was a little hard to figure out, but the front desk helped me figure it out. The gym was well equipped, with 3 treadmills, 2 ellipticals, and free weights.I was not able to participate in the evening cocktail hour, but the breakfast spread was great. It was served on each floor, which was very convenient, and there were baskets so you could take breakfast back to the room. There was coffee, tea, juices, danishes, rolls, and fruit. My only complaint was that the hotel has no kitchen, so if you want room service, you had to order it from Harry Carry's, which was a little pricey.All in all, I had a very good experience at the Amalfi and would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 8 2005	The Amalfi is wonderful!	My cousin and I did a Labor Day weekend getaway to Chicago. We found the Amalfi via a package from Orbitz. Checked the reviews here and decided to book. It was the right decision.The Amalfi is located just a few blocks from the Magnificent Mile - easily walkable. We were able to walk to the Navy Pier, the Art Institute, the John Hancock Tower (for the skywalk), etc.The room was fine with only the view to detract from the surroundings (we happened to have a view of an alley!). Large TV, DVD/CD player with CDs and books on a shelf for us to use. Shower was nice...double-headed. Beds were comfy. We got a room with two queen beds. The closet contained an iron/ironing board for those suitcase wrinkles in case you care.Staff was terrific. Always friendly and accommodating. The continental breakfast served on each floor was a great idea. We went out in our hotel supplied robes, grabbed a basket and carried back tea/coffee/juice and muffins/croissants/breads and fresh fruit to our room for a relaxing breakfast. We stopped one evening at the &quot;Happy Hour&quot;. My cousin had the Amalfi-tini. I had a sip (was on meds so couldn't drink) and it was yummy. She enjoyed it while I looked on with envy! The finger foods - deli type meats, herb bread with olive oil, etc. at the Happy Hour were very tasty.We both enjoyed the Amalfi a lot and wouldn't hesitate to return.	
Aug 30 2005	Great Hotel--I'd stay there again	My hubby and I went to Chicago for a weekend getaway and the location of the Amalfi was ideal. We didn't have to walk far to find things to do.The lobby doesn't really look like your typical lobby when you see it but it does have a sleek look and the staff are very friendly and accomodating.Prior to our arrival, I had called and asked that a bottle of wine be in our room as a surprise for my husband. When we checked in, there was no bottle of wine but the courtesy desk quickly remedied this and actually sent up a complimentary bottle of wine along with brie and crackers.The rooms are quite spacious and have a modern flare. They also offer wonderful robes and slippers during your stay. The bed was wonderful along with the most softest sheets and pillows I've ever slept on. The bathroom offered dual headed shower heads and a spacious vanity.Even thought the hotel doesn't offer in-house dining--they do offer room service through a restaurant across the street --Harry Carry's.The hotel also offers FREE Happy hour from 5:30-7:30 EVERY NIGHT on the 6th floor. It's in a small room and fills up quickly. It's a great place to meet new people and get geared up before you hit the street night life. BE WARNED! THEY MAKE REALLY STRONG DRINKS! (Try the Amalfi-tini)We're already planning our next trip back to stay at this hotel.	
Aug 26 2005	It was heaven......	This hotel was great. My husband and I came to see my friends and found this deal at travelzoo. (139 a night) We stayed on the 6th floor with great view and near the nightly reception. We had their special martinis and breakfast every morning. Great restaurants were close by. The best steak in town the CHOP HOUSE is walking distance. Michigan Avenue is only 2 blocks away. One drawback, you can hear your neighbors in the bathroom. I was taking a shower and it sounded like someone was in the bathroom with me. So, if you have any secrets, dont say them in the bathroom. The beds were fantastic. I typically do not like soft beds but it was heavenly! I recommend to stay here. I am coming back in October and will stay here special rate or no special rate!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 23 2005	Delightful!	Such a lovely visit last week to the Amalfi. This was my first trip in a thousand years to Chicago, and I needed a lot of help navigating the city for meetings. Upon check-in, the staff made sure all my transportation was planned and arranged. They pointed me in the right direction for dinner several nights and got me a table at Alina at the last minute. The room was spacious and comfy -- loved the robe so much! The gratis breakfast was yummy and convenient every morning, and the cocktail hour was much appreciated in the evening. The location, while not quite adjacent to MIchigan Ave, was fab for transportation, shopping and restaurants. The business center was tiny but totally functional w/ a computer, printer, fax and copier. I'm sure the great staff would help if you needed anything that the business center couldn't accomplish. Delightful hotel with a chic setting and beyond-helpful staff.	
Aug 23 2005	Loved the Amalfi Hotel Chicago	We stayed at the Amalfi Hotel in July to celebrate our daughters' doctorate degree. The hotel and the employees were etxra special in catering to our needs for the weekend. We had a pleasant surpise when the hotel sent a bottle of wine, chocolates, and a card to my daughters room in celebration of her doctorate. We would stay at this hotel again. We had family and friends who stay at the hotel and they could not stop talking on the service, and the beauty of the hotel. Thanks again for everything! The Driver Family from Michigan	
Aug 23 2005 	Great service and such comfort	I stayed at the Amalfi for one week at the end of July and it was wonderful. I normally stay at good hotels (W, Century Plaza, etc) and the Amalfi topped those with it's very personal service throughout. The doormen greet you warmly on each return and the housekeepers smile sincerely as they offer bed turndowns and make sure the room is spotless. Every member of the staff seems to genuinely like making guests comfortable and that is what makes a great hotel. The evening reception is a particular treat - I normally skip hotel &quot;wine receptions&quot; but at the Amalfi, they not only serve top shelf drinks made to your taste, they have a great antipasto - and I found my fellow guests a fascinating and eclectic mix. The Amalfi atmosphere makes these gatherings a comfortable place for a businesswoman travelling alone to relax and enjoy good conversation and a great drink at the end of the day.The folks at the front desk also made a superb restaurant recommendation for me when I unexpectedly had guests for dinner - and got us a great patio reservation at the last minute on a Friday evening. The beds are great, the ammenities top notch - and the shower is amazing. The morning breakfast buffet lets you grab a juice or coffee on your way out to meetings - add in the free wifi and you have a model of how a hotel should take care of business travellers.Now that my company is moving me to Chicago, I plan to book occasional weekend &quot;getaways&quot; at the Amalfi just for the fun of being treated so very well!	
Aug 9 2005	Michigan Avenue is Where???	On a recent trip to Chicago with a couple of girlfriends, it was my job to find a hotel in which we would not be swallowed up by major tourists but remain in the vacinity of Michigan Avenue so we can get all of our shopping done. So I read about the Amalfi Hotel on Trip Advisor and decided that we should all stay there. Well to my surprise that hotel was wonderful, but there was some misleading information about the hotel being around the corner from Michigan Avenue. Boy did we have to walk and in the heat and humidity that Chicago welcomed us with, we were not happy campers!! I thought that the hotel would be close to our favorite shops and it wasn't! Next time I must do a little more research before I select a hotel that will be more accommodating to our needs.	
Aug 9 2005	4.5 star hotel.....2 star price!	I stayed here the weekend of August 5th, for two nights. This was the first of what I am sure will be MANY visits to this wonderful hotel! My first impression upon entering the lobby, was WOW! They had a player piano that was playing music, and it gave the ambience of elegance and class to this hotel. As I soon discovered, this ambience does not end there! You do not check in at a traditional &quot;check-in desk&quot;. Instead, it is more like a concierege. I arrived rather early (12:30pm), and in most hotels they will not let you have a room until 3pm at the earliest. NOT HERE! After giving you your room keys, they ask if you will be needing dinner reservations or show tickets. They then offer the services of the bellman to deliver your bags to your room. I politely declined this, as I only had a small weekend bag with me. I entered the room and was instantly impressed! The room and bathroom were HUGE! There was an Amoir with a 27 inch widescreen television, a Dvd player, and a built in wet-bar! The king size bed with a pillow-top matress, and 500 thread count Egyptian Cotton linens, made me want to sleep all day! It was the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in! The bathroom was HUGE! It had a beautiful black granite countertop, with a fogless, lighted makeup mirror, a tub/shower with dual shower heads, and the type of shower curtain that bows out, so it doesn't stick to you! And the maid comes back in the afternoon to offer turndown service, and to freshen up your room. Just another fine example of how immaculate the service is at this hotel! But it still does not end there. Every day between 5:30pm and 7:00pm, they have a complimentary Managers Reception in the lounge up on the 6th floor. In addition to free drinks, they have a wide array of complimentary finger foods: cold cuts, cheeses, breads, stuffed olives, olive oil, etc. This was one of the minor areas that can be improved upon, as the lounge is quite small, and only open for the duration of the reception. It would be nice if it were open later, even if they charged for drinks after 7pm. Most of us were just starting to enjoy ourselves, when we had to leave. And in the morning, they offer a very nice continental breakfast on every floor next to the elevators. They offer a wide variety of pastries, breads, fresh fruit, juices and coffee. It would also be nice if they also offered milk and cereal, but this too, is a very minor area which can be improved upon. The location is perfect as well. Directly across the street from Harry Carry's and the House Of Blues, and just a couple of blocks to Michigan Avenue. All in all I very much enjoyed my stay, and will DEFINATELY be back!	
Aug 8 2005	Great value location and style	The Amalfi is one of the few hotels that actually exceeded my already high expectations. I found everything to be near-perfect during my brief 2 night stay. In fact, I wish I could have stayed longer.The location is great. Just off of Michigan Avenue and across the street from the House of Blues. If you fly into Midway Airport, a 25-minute orange line train takes you from the airport to State/Lake station, 3 blocks away, for $1.75. For there, walk down State Street to the Amalfi! Best deal in town.The room was comfortably appointed and well furnished. Free high speed internet, DVD players, Aveda bath toiletries and a nice Amalfi robe are among the room highlights.Breakfast is served on each floor (a nice touch!) and consists of pastries, juices and fruit. An evening cocktail reception has great italian cold cuts, cheeses, etc. along with the signature &quot;Amalfitini&quot; or the cocktail of your choice. Kenneth the host was seriously overworked on a Friday night and the lines were long for the free drinks but he maintained a smile throughout.I've stayed at other hotels. I'll return to the Amalfi.	
Aug 7 2005	They upgraded us to a suite for free	It was our anniversary and the hotel found out because my husband called ahead to ask them to arrange flowers for the room (which they did and they were also wonderful). When we checked in they asked if we could wait a half hour which we thought was weird since it was a Thursday, but we went and got lunch while they checked our bags. When we got back and checked in we figured out why the wait - they gave us a two room suite on the corner with an entire wall of windows when we had paid for a double. The staff was great - the Amalfi-tini's at the cocktail hour were wonderful and even the croissants for breakfast were moist. We had a great time!!	
Aug 3 2005	We'll be back !!!!!	My wife booked this online. The pictures looked great and when we arrived the hotel met all of our expectations and more. The decor of the lobby was very cool, and the rooms was beautiful. Anyone on the fence because of price: open bar from 5:30 to 7. That will help offset any price worries. Nice touch of having a plentiful breakfast spread across from the elevators on each floor. Delicious pastries, breads, juices and coffee or tea. One other thing I noticed: every member of the staff we encountered greeted us. That's something that doesn't happen a lot. The hotel is located around the cornere from Michigan Avenue, so that's a plus. Overall, great experience and we will be back.	
Aug 3 2005	Great hotel even better location	Had a wonderful five night stay at the Alamfi and enjoyed every minute of it. Nice breakfast on each floor, robes and slippers in the room, Aveda products and a nice happy hour. Try the amaltinis. The reception does get crowded on Friday evenings when most people show up for the weekend but at any point during the week there is just a small number of people. The train(red) in within a few blocks and if you are willing to walk about five blocks you can take a train to either airport (save yourself the thirty-five dollar cab ride). Plenty of great restaurants around. Try Giordano's pizza and for a quick lunch grab a sandwhich from one of the many Potbelly's around. There is a fun bowling alley across the street by the House of Blues called 10pin. It is a swanky matini bowling alley. Also, if you have a chance, check out Bobby's bike and hike. There are a couple of three hour bike tours available and it is the perfect way to orient yourself with the city and see about seven miles worth without wearing out your feet. Keefer's is excellent as well as the lunch version of Keefer's cafe (which is right outside the door of the hotel). Two hour waits are common at Harry Carry's so we just stopped by for a drink one afternoon. The Redfish is a little overrated (they are owned by Friday's so what do you expect). Take the el to a Cub's game or go check out some of the young and trandy neighborhoods like Buckstown. I guess the best thing about the hotel is the location, not in the middle of the Magnificent Mile madness but gets you close enough to everything. Wish we could have stayed longer, I really wanted to go on the Gangster tour. The hotel will also set up reservations for achitctural tours and reccomend where to eat at three in the morning.	
Aug 2 2005	Spectacular Stay at the Amalfi	My husband and I stayed at the Amalfi from 7/28-8/1/05. Everything was incredible. Our room had a fabulous view of Lake Michigan and downtown. The bed was the most comfortable I have ever slept in at a hotel.Dozzy, our Experience Designer, was amazing. Anything we needed, he set up for us. He got us entry and a table to the newest, hottest nightclub in town, Victor Hotel. We breezed in past all those waiting in line.The rest of the staff was also fantastic. We only took advantage of the complimentary cocktail hour on Sunday night, so I believe we avoided the crowds. Kenneth is a master bartender.We loved the complimentary continental breakfast. What a delight to just walk down the hall and pick up pastries, juice and fresh coffee - all served by cheery staff.Our check in was smooth and seamless, with no wait. Same thing with check out. There did seem to be a few mistakes on a few charges, but you need to be responsible for overseeing those things. After pointing them out, the charges were taken off.Don't let any less than perfect reviews keep you from booking a stay here. It was incredible and we cannot wait to go back to Chicago and the Amalfi.	
Jul 30 2005	Lovely design 	We stayed at the Amalfi Hotel for three nights in July, and were delighted with our visit. The hotel still feels very new--the public spaces and rooms are beautifully designed &amp; decorated--a nice break from the convention barns or the kitschy theme hotels. Rooms are a comfortable size, and the bathrooms are well-appointed (rolling bench/seat, Aveda products, curved shower rod). The bed was very comfortable, and the sheets are great--I don't understand why they use a poly bedspread over them, but it looks nice, and it's folded away when the housekeeping staff turns down the bed for the night. The breakfast bar is a great convenience--a small but thoughtful touch is the choice of nice glass mugs or to-go cups for the very good coffee. Decent pastries, fresh fruit. And the evening cocktail hour was wonderful. The Amalfitinis and the small but well-chosen antipasto bar were exactly what we needed after a long day to gear up for a night on the town and a late dinner. Contrary to other posters, the room was never packed while we were there. The central location meant we could easily walk to shopping on State Street and Michigan Avenue, as well as restaurants in the River North area. We also walked to the Field Museum and Millennium Park. More ambitious, but still do-able. Cabs were everywhere, and bus stops just a short walk. Staff was adequate. Check in and check out went smoothly and quickly. However, when we asked about suggested restaurants, we were told 'anywhere!&quot;. Hmm, not exactly helpful. On our own, we discovered nearby restaurant we enjoyed--Harry Carays (better than expected, and the chopped salad delicious), Frontera Grill, Brazzaz (new Brazilian place, where even a vegetarian could have a fabulous meal from their 'salad' bar), Smith &amp; Wollensky (old-school steak house). The small annoyance of no local daily paper was more than offset by the free in-room wi-fi. We brought our laptop and read our news and planned our day online each day. All in all, the Amalfi is delightful. It reminded me of a W, but smaller, and with a warmer feel. You won't be disappointed with this little gem.	
Jul 29 2005 	Nice stay but could have been great	I booked 5 rooms for a group of us staying in the Chicago area. We usually stay at the Allegro and thought we would try another hotel after reading several positive reviews of the Amalfi. We had some trouble checking into the hotel. Four of the five rooms were not ready. There is not a typical front desk, rather &quot;Men-In-Black&quot; like figures that sit at a desk in front of small laptops to help you. . .be prepared for a wait on a weekend, there are only two to help at most times. We waited 45 minutes to check-in without an apology. . .bad start!We found most everyone else to be very polite and helpful with the exception of the front desk. After checking in, we were told of a &quot;reception&quot; on the 6th floor. . .DEFINITELY GO!!!! The room is small, windowless and rarely did we find seat. However, the host/ bartender - Kenneth - does a heck of a job to make you a perfect top-shelf cocktail and the snacks were great! When I reserved our rooms I asked that 2 of the 5 be special rooms for a first anniversary and 40th Birthday. The reservation person noted the request and would have an event person call to help with any special arrangements. . .I never received a call back. Our rooms were all very small, dark, and faced a brick wall. . .most on the 3rd floor. I thought the rooms were non-smoking, but there was a heavy smell of smoke in the hallway. . .happily, not the room though. Walls are thin and you hear doors slam loudly. The decor was nice - comfortable and clean - but nothing special. Beds were ultra comfortable with nice pillows and quality sheets. Bathroom was good sized and I liked have the two shower heads with decent water pressure. The Aveda products were nice to use.There is a limited continental breakfast served each morning outside the elevators on each floor. . .coffee, tea, breads, muffins, fruit. Also and nice touch! I just wish we had a good experience at check-in and consideration for the special rooms as requested. Our final bills had wrong room rates and movie charges. ..check your express checkout invoice! The location and &quot;extras&quot; make this a good destination, but some important attention to detail goes unnoticed. . .otherwise this could be a great stay!The Maestro (General Manager) called me back with my concerns and was most troubled by the negative impression I had of the front desk. He promised to correct the billing mistakes but gave little concern for the lack of attention for the special requested rooms. He only said that they do what they can on a busy weekend and asked that I contact him during a future stay for his personal attention. It's hard to repeat a special occasion, so you may want to look elsewhere if you need the assurance of a perfect moment and attention to detail.	
Jul 27 2005	Amalfi great value	We stayed at the Amalfi Hotel July of 05. The check in was very smooth and quick. The room was large with lots of windows, however there was no view, we were on the 3rd floor, with a building right outside our window. The bed was very comfortable, pillow top mattress, feather pillows, and nice quality triple sheeting. The reception hour was wonderful. We had a great bartender and the appetizers were nice. The room was small, with not much seating, but other than that, all was more than acceptable. The location for us was perfect. We took advantage of the free trolley, which runs Memorial Day to Labor Day.	
Jul 11 2005	Unpretentious Comfort Style and Chicago Friendliness	This hotel is top-rate from every point of view. The front desk/concierge staff genuinely want to be helpful, and continually suggest activities, try to book tickets and restaurants, etc., etc. All the staff are welcoming and friendly: have to mention Kenneth, the wonderful barman in the 6th floor lounge. The hotel is on a quiet side street, walking distance to so many fabulous restaurants in the River North area, just far enough away from North Michigan (a 5-minute walk). Rooms are sleek and comfortable. Beds (the most important feature) are cozy; sheets are soft, as are bath towels. There is turndown service. In guest rooms, you can see that your hosts have tried to think of every little thing that would make your stay nicer, and their thoughtfulness makes a big difference. The best part are the breakfasts, which appear silently by 6:30 weekday mornings, and 7:00 on weekends, in the hall by the elevator--coffee and teas, rolls, muffins, danish, croissants, fruit, juices--all complimentary, to be taken back to your room for an unhurried start to the day. They offer robes and slippers, DVD's, cocktails--where else can you get an experience like this??? And for a reasonable price, if you can believe it.	
Jul 8 2005	Best Hotel in Chicago	The amalfi hotel in Chicago is awesome. I've stayed twice and both times I didn't want to leave. The pricing ranges from $99-$400/night, sometimes they have specials on their website. It's in the River West District, near everything you want to be near when in Chicago. Anyway, the staff is super, the rooms are totally comfortable, they have thought of all the small stuff like Aveda shampoo. You have to stay here it's great. Free cocktail hour at night and pastries in the morning. You won't want to go home.	
Jun 21 2005	Great find in Chicago!	We ended up at the Amalfi for a 3 day weekend. The staff is extremely helpful and gracious. The continental breakfast was first rate and we really enjoyed the happy hour. Our room was good sized and the bed was super comfortable. The location was very convenient for travel to the Loop, Lincoln Park and the Gold Coast. The lack of restaurant or large lobby was not a problem at all. Overall, this was a great stay and represented a terrific value!	
Jun 9 2005	Superb Hotel!!	This was one of the best hotels I've ever stayed at. We stayed there May 27th - May 30th. The service was excellent, all of the workers were extremely friendly and polite. Not a single worker ever walked by me without saying hello. The complimentary breakfast in the hallway was wonderful, it had a nice variety of fruit, pastrys, bagels, juice, coffee, etc. The welcome reception each evening is also a great touch. From 5:30 - 7pm, they had alcoholic drinks, meat and cheese trays, etc. The bartender was extremely polite despite the large crowd he was serving. Anytime you had any questions about somewhere to go in the city, they could tell you where to go and how to get there. The room is also great, very comfortable bed, huge bathroom, dvd player, nice jazz music. I really could not have asked for a better hotel in the city of Chicago! It's a hotel you definitly must check out!	
May 29 2005	Great stay at the Amalfi Chicago	My wife and I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago and enjoyed everything about the Hotel. Most importantly our room was perfect with plenty of space, great jazz CD's in the room, wonderful bathroom and one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in. The staff was very helpful with every request. The Amalfi offers a great continential breakfast on every floor each morning with good coffee and a great selection of pastry's, fruit's and jucie's. We also enjoyed the managers receptions one evening where they offer a great choice of complementary cocktails and antipasta's for their guests. Would highly recommend this hotel.	
May 20 2005	Wonderful hotel in a wonderful city	We had a fabulous stay at the Amalfi hotel. The location is great (Harry Careys, House of Blues within a block) The hotel staff were extremely helpful and very nice. The rooms were beautifully decorated and the shower (two heads) was very refreshing. Large rooms, nightly cocktail hour, complimentary breakfast, and a unheard of onlite rate, made my trip to Chicago one that I will never forget.	
May 9 2005	Amalfi Hotel in Chicago is wonderful	We just got back from 4 days and 3 nights at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago and loved the way we were treated, loved the room and the breakfast is a lovely continental spread with fruit, pastries etc. laid out on each floor so it's very convenient. After all the traveling we do it was so nice to stay in a hotel that didn't have all the hustle and long lines of the larger chains.The staff were all very friendly and accomodating. We checked in a little early and there were no problems and since our return plane was leaving late they allowed us a later check out.The hotel is in a great location for walking just about everywhere with great restaurants within walking distance plus a couple of blocks to wonderful shopping.All in all we were very pleased to stay in this hotel and will definitely stay there when we return to Chicago.	
May 6 2005	Amalfi Hotel is Super Duper	This place is one of the nicest we have ever stayed in, which says a lot for how much we travel. They were accomodating, very kind, and the rooms were soooo comfy.We arrived on a very early flight into O'Hare and arrived at the hotel at 8AM on the day of our check-in. Normally this would have been a major problem, but they allowed us to check-in for no extra fee. This was great because we wanted to lay down after getting up so early. The rooms are very nicely decorated and clean. The bed was wonderful. Sheets must have been 400 thread count, felt like silk. The mattress was like a giant pillow and we slept like babies the whole stay. Other perks in the rooms were dvd player and dual headed shower. They also stock Aveda products in the bathroom, which is a breath of fresh air considering what most hotels use.We found the hotel to be very central to all the things we wanted to see and do while in Chicago. We never took a cab or train anywhere because walking was no problem. It was nice to be close to everything. The hotel offers a complimentary breakfast that is served every morning on each floor only steps from your room. It is nice to go out there and grab some breakfast in your pajamas! They also have a complimentary cocktail party in their lounge for guests. We had some dirty martinis and they offered a spread of snacks such as Italian cold-cuts, breads, cheeses, olives, etc. Very Italian!This hotel did not leave anything out and I felt like it was great value for money. No wonder it rannks so high among Chicago's best hotels! Stay there! You won't regret it!	
May 4 2005	Look No Further	This is an extremely clean hotel! And the rooms are incredible. This is the first time that I stayed in a hotel and did not wake up with any aches or pains. Probably the most comfortable and most restful nights of sleep I have ever had in my life (I'm 24). And the bathroom, especially the shower, is amazing. If you're thinking of visiting Chicago, the only place to stay is the Amalfi Hotel. And the cherry on top of it all is the location of the hotel. I can't think of one negative thing to say about it. AND, the people are extremely helpful, and very sweet.	
Apr 29 2005	great place to stay	I stayed at the Amalfi Hotel for 3 nights in January 2005. It's a great hotel! Every person who works there will speak to you. The lady who laid out breakfast would chat to me every morning when I went to get coffee, pastries and juice in the robe and slippers provided. The rooms are very comfortable, great bathrooms and the hotel is very centrally located to all of downtown Chicago.	
Apr 28 2005 	Great Hotel	Stayed in the Amalfi for 8 nights, Great location in central downtown, the staff are friendly and can’t do enough to help.The rooms are very well furnished to the highest standards, with loads of extras, like DVD players, CD's etc. Free DVD loan.Complimentary breakfast served on each floor, you just help yourself and return to your room.Free internet and free cocktails each evening in the lounge.Price was a lot less than the so called Top hotels with service and standards that beat them all.Have stayed in many hotels, the Amalfi rates as one of the best.	
Apr 26 2005	A wonderful stay!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Amalfi Hotel this past weekend, and we both loved it. I booked the reservation after reading all the positive reviews here on Trip Advisor, and I was not disappointed! The hotel is in a great location - easy walking distance from the State/Lake &quot;L&quot; station where we rode in from Midway, the Grand station from which we rode to Wrigley Field, and several restaurants (Morton's and Coco Pazzo were the two we tried). Our &quot;Experience Designer,&quot; Juan, was absolutely terrific - when we arrived we told him that we'd love to see a Second City show and get tickets to the Bulls playoff game if at all possible, and by the time we got back from a walk in Millennium Park he had taken care of both for us! He was also very helpful with transportation recommendations and dinner suggestions. Everyone we encountered at the hotel was super friendly. Our room offered a nice view of the Marina Towers across the street, and the bed and bathroom exceeded my expectations. The Aveda bath products and dual shower head were a nice touch! The complimentary continental breakfast on every floor was a nice feature, and the food was better than most continental breakfasts I've had at other hotels. All in all, it was a wonderful experience, and we would definitely stay there again! I'd happily recommend it to anyone planning a visit to Chicago.	
Apr 19 2005	In Love with this Hotel!	This hotel was amazing! Above and beyond any hotel I have stayed at in a long time and I travel alot. The staff was friendly and helpful - they remember your name. The rooms were spacious, modern and very comfortable. Bathroom shower was great. The cocktail reception everynight was an unexpected bonus. I still can't believe the great rate I got either. I booked directly with the hotel. The rate was a lot less than any other hotel in the city and the room was a lot nicer than most hotels. I was very impressed and will stay there over and over again.	
Apr 1 2005	A great experience	Having transited through O'Hare on many occasions my wife and I took the opportunity to spend a long weekend getting to know Chicago. We chose the Amalfi because of the positive Trip Advisor reviews and weren't disappointed. The location of the hotel is great for accessing all the shops and sights on foot. The rooms are large and maintained to a high standard. The complimentary breakfasts provide a filling start to the day in the comfort of your own room. The happy hour between 5.30-7.00pm offers a selection of cold snacks and a wide range of quality alcoholic and non-alchoholic drinks. The staff are all friendly and extremely helpful. Two individuals in particular spent a great deal of time and effort getting me a couple of Bulls tickets at very short notice. All in all a great hotel that I would have no hesitation recommending to anyone. And Chicago? It's a cool city to visit. Very clean with friendly people, a non-threatening feel and plenty to do and see. If I ever return it'll be to the Amalfi but for a week or more!	
Mar 18 2005 	Great Place!	Stayed in enough places in downtown Chicago to know what I like and I liked the Amalfi. No doubt an unlimited budget obtains luxuries not available at this hotel. These have been covered in other reviews; views, room service, pool, spa, etc. and I suppose if they are important to you, they are available at a price elsewhere. But Amalfii is not utilitarian by any means. If you're looking for a generously-sized, nicely furnished room and gracious low-key service while you're doing other things in the city, the Amalfi is truly great. My wife and I found it was close to everything. We left the car parked, except for one excursion so we could have saved money w/o the valet service. We were advised at check-in that self-park was available ($22) but without in-out privileges. We did receive assurances about security for the extra $13/day but you need to allow about 15 minutes for retrieval. Many well known restaurants are nearby (within 5 minute walk) as is access to mass transit. We'll definitely make a return trip.	
Mar 17 2005	Great Hotel Great Location	I loved the Amalfi Hotel. Our room was wonderful, we almost didn't want to leave it! The location couldn't be better, blocks from the train station and from great shopping and Chicago Landmarks. They serve a very nice continental breakfast every morning on each floor so you can take it back to eat in the privacy of your room. They also have free coctails during happy hour in the lounge. A great experience and a great value.	
Mar 9 2005 	Warm and welcoming	We stayed at this hotel during the International Kennel Club show in February. We we had our two little dogs with us, and the staff even made them feel special. They even gave us little bottles of doggie bubble bath for them when we checked in.We had three, long hard (but very successful!) days at the show, and the warmth of our room was very relaxing.We got back to our room too late to take advantage of the cocktail reception, but we will be staying again in July (just for fun!), so we hope to try it then.The warm colors of the rooms and deep, soft carpeting were very comforting after a long, hard day showing dogs at McCormick place.The rooms are very sound proof (within the hotel) which meant our dogs weren't hearing all kinds of noises. This helped them (and us) settle down and relax for the next day.Being in River North made it easy for us to find a place to eat dinner...even when we didn't get out until nearly 11 p.m. one night. Try Vong (VTK) one block north. It's very stylish, French/Thai. A nice place to relax.Mambo Grill, two blocks away, features Latin American cuisine. It also was very good and hip.If you are traveling avec chiens in summer, Brasserie Jo (country French/Alsatian cuisine) will let you dine with your dog at their sidewalk tables. They even serve complimentary steak tartar to the canine clientele. It's very popular treat for area dog lovers and you will likely see all shapes and sizes of dogs dining with gusto, some being delivered to the restaurant in limousines.I have only two minor complaints regarding the hotel. First, (and this is mostly my fault) I forgot to take the privacy sign off the door when we left. I asked one of the desk people to please tell housekeeping I had made this mistake. Unfortunately, the request wasn't communicated and we came back after a long, hard day to a dirty room.I mentioned this to the front desk and they soon sent someone up to empty our trash cans and freshen our towels. I guess the attention to detail and, as one reviewer mentioned, the concierge, are the only things that may be a hair overstated in the hotel promotions.The other small complaint is that on a late Fri. night, the streets around the hotel can still be very noisy...one downside of being in a hot nightlife location.I woke up a couple of times from car alarms, loud voices, etc. on the street. But I have to say I was restless and overly tired, so I may have been oversensitive at that point. The next night, I slept fine.Before I sign off, I have to mention the Aveda toiletries and thick, soft towels. They were a very appreciated respite after a tiring day.I really get the impression that this hotel is trying do do things a little bit nicer than the average chain hotel. There are a lot of reasons to try it, or to return again.	
Mar 9 2005	Strong candidate for a solid night's sleep but not really a hotel	This hotel is a very mixed bag, wildly over-rated by most reviewers, but still offering some real positives for the consideration of a traveler to Chicago. It's on the fringe of River North, just opposite Harry Caray's and a block and a half from the W River North (the former Nikko). Consequently, it's within walking distance of Oak Street's fancy shops to the North and the Buckingham Fountain and everything in between to the south. A stroll to the Shedd Aquarium on a nice day is well within reason. And there's a multi-line subway/L stop three blocks away at Clark/Lake. Positioning is thus great, although anyone who stays here should also understand it's down below Michigan Avenue, an area known for bars, adult book stores and so on, just like the hotels south of Geary (Hilton, Nikko) in San Francisco. It's not a big deal, but it's there.The rooms are of decent size and have the best beds and pillows you'll likely ever encounter. Fabrics are new and attractive. Sheets aren't bad at all. There's a real closet, deep enough to hang your clothes and your carry on bag, but not a week's worth of wardrobe. TV is enormous, clear, and has many interactive amenities. Air conditioning is highly responsive and quiet. It's a great night's sleep.The big negative about the room is the bathroom. Perhaps I'm one of the few people in America who cares about baths, but I don't think so. I didn't know they still made 9&quot; deep bathtubs, but the Amalfi has managed to find a whole warehouse full. I find travel tiring and take a bath every night out of town, and I object to a bathtub so short and shallow that I can't cover both my knees and my private parts with water simultaneously. The bathroom is also dark, with little light, and the same might be said of the room as a whole, but it's more of a departure from the norm in the bathroom.I found the breakfast and the cocktail hour, both free, to be a plus. Didn't like the lobby, which is so basic that it makes the hotel seem even less fancy than the above review would suggest.Where I came out is that the price is good, and if travelling alone (which I was) and intent on some sightseeing, it's a fine choice, but I'd rather not bring my wife.	
Feb 28 2005	next best thing to chocolate	We need more hotels like this one every where, best sleep I've had in years. the amafi hotel is my new home away from home.Tamaria Williamson,Detroit Mi	
Feb 23 2005	Absolutely loved it!!!	What an experience. I almost hate writing such a great review for fear that the secret will be out. This is the first time I have ever felt that I truly got what my money paid for. The only complaint I would have is that the managers reception on Saturday night was waaaayyyy to crowded for the room it was in. Everything you have read is true, amazing conceirge, incredible breakfast, helpful doorman, etc. I can't wait to go back so I can stay there again. If anyone ever says they had a subpar stay at the Amalfi is lying. The desk person ever had DVD's for us to sit in our room and watch (recent relaseses even) when we were tired. I cannot stop raving about this hotel!!!!	
Feb 16 2005	Best hotel experience!	My wife and I stayed at the Amalfi last weekend and couldn't be happier with the stay. I read all of the excellent reviews about the Amalfi before staying there, and they didn't prepare me for the experience. The entire experience started when we walked in the door, where we were greeted by the friendly &quot;Experience Designers&quot; in the small but very stylish and well appointed lobby. The experience designers also made reservations for the nights dinner and gave us priority seating coupons for Gino's East which saved us an hours wait. The room was also spectacular, it was warm and inviting and extremely clean and luxurious. The room looked brand new, no stains or torn wallpaper found in other hotels. They had a collection of magazines, books, and CD's in the room for us to use, and we could check out DVDs in the lobby to play in the room's DVD player. The bathroom was equally clean and nice, with Aveda products a huge bonus.Location was good for restaurant hunting and shopping, it is located right next to the House of Blues and just over the river from State St shopping. It is also only a couple of blocks from Michigan Ave. Best thing is that I paid $118 a night for one of the nicest hotels in Chicago. I couldn't be happier and cannot wait to go back!	
Feb 15 2005	Very friendly hotel	I loved this hotel. It had a homely feel to it. Staff were most friendly and helpful. Rooms were well thought out , with lovely bathroom toiletries. There is a cd player with a range of cds to chose from. Breakfast with pastries and juice is an added bonus. I was very impressed by this hotel and would stay there again.	
Feb 6 2005	Best New Hotel Experience in Years	We travel frequently for business and pleasure and the Amalfi is the best new hotel exprience we've had in years. The rooms are stylish and comfortable, featuring especially high quality sheets and towels. They also provide both ethernet and wireless internet access. The complementary breakfast buffet on each floor is notable for especially good fresh fruit, pastry and coffee. The complementary cock-tail hour reception includes excellent ante pasta and premium liquors. The staff is uniformly pleasant and helpful. Finally, the location could hardly be better for access to theather, music, museums and shopping. We'll be back. Rebecca and David, Haslett, MI	
Feb 5 2005	Great stay!	This hotel was wonderful! I am a college student who went with my mom for the weekend and we both liked it!Pros:THE FRONT DESK and THE STAFF!!! -Helpful: Knew great places to eat and HOW to get thereBreakfast: Pastries, coffee, tea, muffins, etc: FreshDrinks + hors d'oeuvres: Yummy!! Rooms -Clean -Well decoratedLots of people of different ages stayed thereCons:Very very very far from the museums	
Jan 27 2005	Perfect location price and amenities!	Just stayed at the Amalfi last week for 2 nights after reading the reviews on this website. I poured over the reviews of all the hotels and finally decided on this one. I couldn't have been happier with the choice. The rooms are large for a downtown hotel and are well decorated. The bed was more comfortable than my own. It was similar to Westin's &quot;Heavenly Beds&quot;. They had the dual showerheads in the bath with Aveda products. They also had nightly turndown service. I loved the breakfast provided on each floor. You could take what you wanted back to your room instead of hanging out in a restaurant in the mornings. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The proximity to Michigan Avenue for the all the shopping and museum sightseeing was perfect. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 17 2005	Top Shelf	Just got back from Chicago. And had the pleasure of Staying at Amalfi Hotel. From Check in on, it was Wonderful. The Lobby is really cool. Although Small, very Bright and the Colors Made Me feel good even though it was 4 degree's outside. Check in was really quick (Literally 3-4 Minutes) and I rolled Myself and suitcase to room 413. It was Beautiful. The king bed was huge and I loved all the colors of the Room. The Bathroom was Great. It was really big and the double headed shower, felt good after a long day of shopping. They set up a Lovely Breakfast spead at the elevators. and You can help Yourself to all the goodies. Evening time, They have a Lounge on the 6th floor that serves Cocktails and Snacks. I tried the House Martini and Loved it. They also were serving some really good Meats and Cheese's that everyone just raved about. The entire Staff is Awesome. Really Helpful and nice to Me the entire time. I can't say enough good things about the Hotel. It is off Michigan Ave, and that really appealed to Me. I was able to walk to all the Stores I wanted to shop at. And 2 blocks from Nordstrom's, and I really had a great time there, I shopped there 2 days in a row, One day I was there for 5 hours, and I had to go back to checkout the rest of the Mall. I had lunch At Cafe Nordstrom 2 times and it was really good. If your on a budget, The portions are big enough for 2. The Tomato Basil soup was to Die for. Ladies, all the big stores I visited had up to 70% off on so many items, I was in Shopping Hell. I really could've did some damage to My Man's American Express, But I didn't want to give Him a heart attack, or ruin My chances for the next trip I'm already planning. But when in Chicago, Try Amalfi Hotel. You will not be disappointed.	
Jan 10 2005	Enjoyed Ourselves Immensely	We really enjoyed staying at the Amalfi. It is within walking distance of almost every major attraction in downtown Chicago (one mile or less). We really enjoyed the upscale touches with the bed linnens, the dual Speakman shower heads, the small selection of CDs and magazines along with a free continental breakfast on each floor and daily cocktail party with appetizers. The staff are very friendly and attentive. The rooms are sleek and contemporary much like the lobby, although they are not overly large or posh. We found the Amalfi for under 130 dollars a night at Orbitz and agreed that it was a real bargain for what we got in terms of service and amenities.	
Dec 22 2004	Warm and Cozy	I just returned from a weekend trip to visit relatives and stayed at the Amalfi. I intend to return again and again.Chicago is C O L D in the winter: it was 4 degrees outside but warm and toasty inside. I was in the lobby at one point, needing to go about a block away. I didn't have my coat with me, the desk staff offered me their coats.Another time I needed a Diet Coke (I am not a coffee drinker) and instead of pointing me to a $2.00 vending machine, they produced two on the spot. I dug in my pocket to pay and said, it's on us.The rooms are not big and not small. They are right and contain a large bed with an incredible mattress. Bathrooms are spacious and well appointed. The free breakfast is high quality, convenient and generous. The cocktail reception features nice snacks and quality swill. I particularly liked the Peroni.Best of all is the location. It is smack in the middle of the best part of Chicago. Great restaurants. Great shopping. Much to see and do.Go there. Be there.	
Dec 22 2004	The best!!!!	We stayed there for my birthday. The hotel was superb!!! It was better than a hotel in NY where we payed $400/night. Amalfi had great bed, excellent shower with two heads, wonderful night gowns, and free breakfast and happy hour drinks. The martinis were great, and I had three beers free. They had free DVD's to rent also. We wanted to go to a salon, and they called and made reservations for us at a really great salon. There were lots of great places around to eat or drink. It was truely an exceptional experience.	
Dec 17 2004	birthday	my sister and i stayed there for my birthday in april of 2004. the only thing i can say they had a problem with was the coffee maker. it was in a really stupid place. under the tv in the entertainment center. you couldn't pour water in it without making a mess. and try and figure out how to unplug it was a mind bender. and the refridge didn't work, which we both had come back with nice size pieces of prime rib from a steakhouse and put in the fridge, not realizing it didn't work until we were packing up to leave in the morning. which by then who is going to eat it after it sat in a really warm fridge over night. that kind of irritated me, but other than that, i would stay there again. the little bar next store was a riot. we had alot of fun there. i will definitely be back there sometime soon.	
Dec 6 2004	Exceptional!	The Amalfi is a great place to stay in Chicago if you are looking for an upscale atmosphere and plan to enjoy your accomodations (and not just sleep). This hotel has that European flair which makes the stay even more enjoyable. Here is my take on the pluses and minuses: They offer a great breakfast spread of assorted juices, coffee, tea, fruit, pastries (including my favorite chocolate croissants) which can be found from 6:30am to 10:30am in the foyer on your floor opposite the elevators. Run out of your room and grab some food in your jammies if you're daring!I stayed in a corner room (with a foyer) with king bed (ever so comfortable) which was great for light but not necessarily for the view (of the surrounding neighborhood). So, I can't vouch for the other (what i would assume to be smaller) rooms.Two showerheads (more than enough) in the bathrooms which I considered to have a generous amount of space with a mini vanity area included, plush towels. The loo I thought was a little too close to the bathtub (nonetheless...).A fee-free business center is available where you can access the computer, internet, printer and fax services although it is located only on one floor and is for single use at a time.The decor is spectacular, appearance is tops, ambience is one-of-a-kind. The carpet and bedding appear to be clean. Although there is an ice machine on each floor, I did not find an ice bucket which could have been in the mini-bar which you had to access by key. I wasn't planning on opening it anyways, since there might have been charges added just for unlocking it. For those who love to be pampered, there is also a bedding turn-down service in which they leave tasty chocolates by your pillow (not needed in my opinion). Magazines are rotated through your room for your browsing pleasure (another extra I didn't need). The closet was rather small I thought as well.Great Cajun restaurant, Redfish located just outside the entrance to the hotel. Awesome food! Takeout and dine-in only. Easy access to the Magnificent Mile (just two blocks) on foot.Pricy too.Enjoy!	
Dec 1 2004	Great Stay!!	We recently stayed at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago and really loved its eclectic, yet boutique style. Granted, no posh lobby or bar, but our room was absolutley wonderful. Wonderful pastries, fruit and coffee were available on each floor every morning. A cozy, complimentary Happy Hour each night made you feel that you were part of a special community. Extremely comfortable beds turned down at night, with a delicious chocolate was the perfect ending to a night on the town.Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Perfect location in Chicago for so many attractions. Would definitely stay there again. Just lots of nice little suprises.	
Nov 10 2004	Very nice experience!	Cool. Sophisticated. Hip. Affordable. Minimalist lobby with asian overtones combined with urban deco. Cool Jazz in the room, while sleeping on a cloud of a bed. Aveda products wowed the Mrs. As everyone said previously, just right amount of continental breakfast with enough touches to prevent you from thinking &quot;cheap&quot;. Enjoyed happy hour for only a night. Just enough of a crowd, topped only by the friendly service and generous libations. We will definitely stay there again. Oh, and everything was walking distance, to help burn off great area food. Thanks, Amalfi!	
Oct 26 2004	So ready to love the Amalfi but utterly disappointed	After reading all the glowing reviews here, we eagerly booked a Deluxe Corner King Room, the most expensive room type. We called ahead to let them know that we'd be late checking in, and also to confirm our request for a crib. I emphasized that it was VERY important that the crib be set up and ready as we would be arriving so late at night. The front desk staff reassured me that it wouldn't be a problem.We arrived at 11pm on Friday night, exhausted from our 4-hour flight, and our toddler was sleepy and ready for bed. As we feared, no crib had been set up! We called to the front desk and they said they'd find one &quot;right away.&quot; Forty-five minutes later, at midnight, (not &quot;right away&quot; in my book), someone finally arrived with a PLAYPEN. Note to Amalfi management: a playpen is not a crib, nor is it an adequate substitute. To add insult to injury, they gave us a BROKEN playpen...the leg support was loose and unstable. Apparently, the hotel had run out of cribs. Next up: our mini-fridge was BROKEN. But we didn't discover this until after we found out that they hadn't left us a key to the fridge. We had to call housekeeping for it. Anyway, having a fridge was imperative, as we had to store milk and other food for our toddler. I immediately reported it to housekeeping, and they NEVER fixed it or acknowledged the problem during our 2-night stay there. We ended up having to buy new cartons of milk and yogurt twice a day. The room itself: we booked a Deluxe Corner King room, the most expensive and supposedly the largest. What an utter disappointment. Sure, the soft linens and silk comforter were wonderful, it was spotless and very clean, and there were other nice touches such as a magazine selection, CD, Aveda products, and books, but other than that, the place was **dark and depressing**. I was expecting a fairly decent-sized hotel room, but instead, when we opened our door, we saw a long, dark hallway that stretched around the corner to a tiny room. I guess that long hallway makes it &quot;deluxe&quot; somehow...? After paying a pretty &quot;deluxe&quot; rate, I would expect at least a view of the street, or something. But from one of our windows, we got a great view of a BRICK WALL. From the other window on the adjacent corner, another panoramic view of a BRICK WALL. Needless to say, there was NO NATURAL LIGHT in our room. So how is this a &quot;deluxe corner&quot; room??Another problem was the air conditioning. It was LOUD. It didn't prevent my laid-back husband from sleeping, but even he admitted that it bothered him. It definitely prevented me from getting any quality rest. The bed. Warning: if you have back problems or prefer sleeping on a firmer surface, you're not going to like the Amalfi beds. That was the softest, least supportive bed that I have ever slept in. Granted, I'm 6 months pregnant so I'm a little achey these days, but even my husband complained about it.Breakfast buffet: after reading the reviews, I thought that it would be more than it really was. It turned out to be a small table set up in front of the elevators, with a basic assortment of danishes, croissants, muffins, and breads. Yes, they were nicer pastries than the ones you'd find at the Holiday Inn breakfast buffet, but not THAT much nicer! There was a bowl of apples and bananas. Tea and coffee served up in pretty urns. A basic continental breakfast, that's all. Nothing fancy. Strangely, they did not provide PLATES on either morning that we were there. I had to spread a napkin across a serving tray (with an open basket bottom) and bring my food back to my room, dribbling crumbs all the way. I've saved the best for last: the horrible, horrible concierge -- oops, sorry, the &quot;Experience Designer.&quot; It was a miserable and rainy Saturday morning and my husband, friend, son, and I were looking for a nearby brunch place to drive to. The concierge said, &quot;There are lots of places you can walk to within 2 - 3 blocks.&quot; I said, &quot;We don't have an umbrella and would prefer to drive.&quot; &quot;She said, &quot;You're going to have a lot of trouble finding parking.&quot; I said, &quot;That's OK, we're used to it. So can you recommend any places nearby?&quot; She said, &quot;Just drive around and you'll find something.&quot; WTF?! The CONCIERGE just told me to &quot;drive around&quot; until I find a restaurant? And this after she just told me how bad parking was?? Uh, lady, how about doing your job?? Her demeanor was incrediby curt and impatient, and she didn't crack a smile even once. Talk about a useless, rude, incompetent, and UNPROFESSIONAL concierge. My bottom line on this hotel: they try really hard in certain areas (little personal touches in the rooms, very nice doormen, hip and mod decor in the lobby, very clean rooms), but the lack of professionalism and standard procedure are painfully apparent. And if the other rooms are anything like our dark, depressing, and tiny &quot;deluxe corner&quot; room, then you'd truly be better off elsewhere. Don't get me wrong, I'm not a prissy 5-star hotel princess, in fact - we usually stay at simpler hotels and inns, but for a supposedly upscale boutique hotel, I was shocked by how sub-par it was compared to the less trendy and chain-type hotels.	
Oct 22 2004	A Great Place to Stay in Chicago	My wife and I just got back from a 3-night stay at the Amalfi and enjoyed it very much. The staff was great! The free breakfast and coctails in the evening were a unexpected pleasure. We stayed at the Intercontinental (one of Chicago's best) for two nights preceeding our stay at the Amalfi and, although the room at the Intercontinental was larger, the Amalfi was a much more enjoyable stay due the the excellent service and the little extras. I also appreciated the fact that the cost of the room at the Amalfi was more than $100 per night less than the Intercontinental. This is a great place to stay in Chicago!	
Sep 19 2004	Loved this place	We stayed at this hotel in June 2004 when we took our nephew to chicago for his 16th birhtday. I don't think I have ever stayed in a more friendly hotel. Right from we checked in until we checked out the staff couldn't have been nicer.The rooms were fantastic with everything from cd/dvd players to a large collection of cd's that we could use.Breakfast was served on each the foyer of each floor and was great, huge fresh muffins, plenty of fresh fruit and coffee etc.The reception that was held in the hospitality room every night at 7pm was superb with great snacks and complimentry drinks. The only thing I would say it, don't let someone get control of the remote for the plasma screen tv!! They seem to forget that there are other people in the room too!This hotel was fantastic and just a very short walk from the Magnificent Mile, we would definately stay here any time we are in Chicago.	
Sep 6 2004	Can't say enough good things!	Just got back from the Amalfi - it was great! We didn't spend a lot of time actually &quot;in&quot; the room, but it was comfy, the decor was unique, the beds were AMAZINGLY comfortable, especially the pillows! Happy hour is NOT to be missed - top shelf drinks and eats from 5:30 to 7 every night. The zuchini bread on the breakfast tray is to die for! The staff is very helpful and kind as well.	
Aug 24 2004	"One of Chicago's secrets"	Amalfi Hotel is one of those secret spots of Chicago. Its central location puts you in walking distance from Chicago’s major attractions. The hotel rate is reasonable compared to other chain hotels who “claim” to be better and offer lot less that Amalfi. The customer service was really great and friendly. The hotel offered convenient amenities that I yet haven’t seen in other hotel. For example, they offer a free continental breakfast which is served in the lobby of each floor. Very convenient since you can walk to your room’s floor lobby in a bath robe, get your breakfast, and bring it back to the comfort of your room. The room offered a DVD player with a couple of CD music sets to enjoy in your room. The room also offered a book selection to enjoy in your room. The rooms are chic and contemporarily designed. The bed was heavenly with very soft linen (330 thread linens), plush pillows, and super comfortable mattresses. The room as well as other areas of the hotel was clean and impeccable. We stayed at the 3rd floor and you could hear some of the street traffic noise. That’s unavoidable when you stay in the heart of a major city like Chicago. Definitely my hotel of choice next time I travel to Chicago!!	
Aug 17 2004 	Unassuming yet full of surprises.	Our two night stay at the Amalfi was lovely. This is a smaller, unassuming 4 star hotel set on about 6 floors of a larger high-rise in River North, and for us very convenient as we love to walk, and there was something in every direction -- north up Michigan Ave to explore, south over the bridge toward the Art Institute and Millenium Park, etc. Room was comfortable enough in size with crisp, modern decor. A cd player and cd's for your use was a nice touch as was the double shower head and Aveda products in the bathroom. Further surprises included continental breakfast on each floor every morning. You could help yourself to, and return to your room, with cute trays and dishes loaded with fresh pastries, and large mugs of coffee, etc. wearing, of course, your the robe from your room. Then you can return in the evening and enjoy a sumptuous manager's party nightly. It was very friendly and relaxing, and the servers were terrific, and there was a very tasty buffet and drinks. We were impressed, and hope they can continue to offer this quieter setting (almost like a city &quot;doorman building&quot;) with its elegant extras. If you need lots of comings and goings, this hotel may be too small and quiet for you, but if you know where you are headed, and enjoy pleasing service, this just might be a good place for you to stay!	
Aug 10 2004	I don't understand what the big deal is	I'm from chicago and I spent a night here with my wife to get away from home. Overall the hotel was quite nice and unique but I didn't think it was worth my $140/night at all. Room was nice and contemporary but smaller than I thought it would be. Plus, its quite a walk if you want to go shopping on the mag. mile. other than the unique decor, this hotel really isn't an awesome find.	
Aug 10 2004	Loved loved loved the Amalfi!	We stayed at the Amalfi for 5 nights and absolutely loved it! The room was clean and very comfortable with outstanding amenities and extras - like cds and books and dvds for use during the stay. The breakfast was plentiful and beautifully layed out. The evening reception was unexpectedly top-rate. We definitely recommend the Amalfitini! The staff were all extrememly courteous and helpful. We highly recommend the Amalfi and look forward to returning.	
Aug 9 2004	A Great Place and Excellent Service	Just spent a weekend at the Amalfi and found the room to be very comfortable and the service is excellent. Also, the location of the hotel is an ideal spot where it is not too busy and is easily accessible to Michigan Avenue. We too enjoyed the breakfast buffet and the convenience of having it on the same floor as your room. Thanks Amalfi!	
Aug 6 2004	Amazing Amalfi	After reading the wonderful reviews of the Amalfi here and finding a terrific rate, I booked a room for 4 nights for a mini-vacation in Chicago. The Amalfi was modern &amp; clean, the staff friendly and accomodating. The Aveda products, comfortable bedding, magazines, books and cd's provided were a big plus...not to mention the free continental breakfast and italian goodies at the manager's reception. I recommend this hotel to all and will definitely stay again.	
Aug 5 2004	Great hotel!	We stayed from 24 to 27 July and enjoyed our stay. Our room was on the 4th floor facing a bar opposite and on Sat night, we could hear loud noises coming from that area.The staffs at all levels were friendly. I particularly like the breakfast buffet available at each floor so you do not have to dress up to go downstairs. There was still plenty of hot coffee and pastries left 10 minutes before breakfast finished. The evening reception was equally good with nice snacks and drinks.Congradulations to all the staffs there in making the place special and hope they continue with the good work!	
Aug 3 2004	Loved the Amalfi	A hidden gem! While this is a small boutique hotel, the service exceeds that of some of the popular well-known hotel chains. The morning continental breakfast featuring fresh fruit, pastries and coffee, along with the daily manager's reception add such a bed &amp; breakfast type feel. The experienced designers were extremely helpful and added such a special touch to our experience. We would definitely consider staying at the Amalfi again!	
Aug 2 2004	Terrific find		
Jul 29 2004	Should be a 5 star hotedl		
Jul 8 2004	Great hotel		
Jul 8 2004	Great boutique hotel		
Jul 5 2004	A nice surprise		
Jun 28 2004	Great!		
Jun 20 2004	Hidden Gem		
Jun 6 2004	Great and wonderful Chicago location!		
May 19 2004	Just Wonderful		
May 3 2004	Incredible!		
Jul 12 2009 	Viel Komfort in idealer Lage		
Sep 13 2008 	Assolutamente da consigliare!!		
Mar 19 2008 	Una buena opción!		
Jan 16 2008	Davvero molto deludente		
