	Just a Fantastic Weekend	Dispite what other are saying, this was one, if not the best Hotel stay in Chicago I have had. I travel to the Big City about three times a year for pleasure and The James rates up with the best. I was upgraded and the staff made the stay worth my special weekend visit. I don't believe you will be disapointed.	
	Funky decor shame about the lifts	I stayed in the James over a weekend while working in the Chicago area. The location was fantastic for shopping and sightseeing. My room was on the 14th floor so I didn't notice any of the noise that other reviewers have mentioned. I liked the decor (modern) and found the room comfortable and the free wireless very useful. The toiletries (Kiehl's) were particularly nice. We ate in the restaurant and it was OK. The main problem with the hotel was the lifts - I ended up waiting for my colleague for 15 minutes on one occassion as one of the two customer lifts was out of action and the lifts are tiny. I would also recommend that the staff not correct British guests when they use the word &quot;lift&quot; rather than &quot;elevator&quot; - after 15 minutes of waiting this is quite irritating.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great price good service	I stayed for 5 nights, from Nov 9-14, room 1004.It's a 2 queen beds room, booked on the hotel website, with an internet special offer (119$/night including taxes).The room was very clean, nicely furnished, not very large (as expected, there was no desk), but with lots of amenities, comfortable beds.The main room lights are above the beds: they are either ON (and they make quite a bit of light if one person wants to sleep), or they're OFF (then you can't read at all).I broke a mug on the very first day, and we were left with only another mug for the remaining 4 days.These are about the only (minor) faults I can find with James hotel in Chicago.The location is perfect, the price was very cheap, the staff is friendly. Most of all the room is clean and the beds are great. Free wi-fi in the rooms.I asked for a late check out (from 12 to 1pm), I was given another extra hour and some more time, with no hassle.I'll certainly go back if in Chicago.	
Nov 12 2009 	Great hotel pity about the noise!	The best thing about the James isthe location, it is 1 minute away from the magnificent mile and all the shops. The room was beautifully designed, although the bathroom wasn't particularly comfortable (beautiful thought) Great and enormous plasma TV!Pity about the noise, we had to buy earplugs to be able to sleep at night with all the traffic noise in the room, they should really consider soundproofing their windows. Otherwise, a good option and certainly elegant.	
Nov 2 2009 	Stylish but LOUD	For our mom's weekend away, this was a fun, hip and conveniently located getaway. This would have been a 4 star rating across the board, but for the very noisy noisy rooms. At first I was on the 6th floor, and the street noise (cars going by, alarms going off, people talking/yelling) was unbearable. I usually sleep through a LOT, but I couldn't even begin due to the noise. I imagine the flimsy windows have something to do with it. They moved me up to &quot;the penthouse&quot; when I asked for 1) ear plugs (sorry, don't have them) and 2) a room change (perhaps, in the morning). The penthouse was similarly thin-windowed, but being that much further, the street noise was more subdued. So my tip: visit the James, but bring earplugs for sleeping. You never know if you will get a room near the street level (even on the sixth floor it was terrible!!!) or if you will be on &quot;the wedding party floor&quot;. BTW the lobby bar closes earlier than other bars, like around the corner. Strange. I must mention the excellent concierge services - they had great access to restaurant info., friendly non-pretentious, but professional service. The cabs and hotel car were super easy to obtain, and it was fun to be able to walk to a lot of terrific places. The beds and pillows were also incredibly comfortable. Be aware the typical room does not have a tub (just a very nice stand up shower). My stand up shower in the penthouse had a broken attachment, but forgot to report it to the staff.	
Nov 1 2009 	On the surface a nice hotel	We stayed at The James for a weekend getaway. My partner had stayed here on two previous occasions for business and liked the property. The location is ideal if you like to wander Michigan Ave. Rooms are comfortably appointed and clean. We had a King Suite which provided ample room if a bit oddly shaped. Bed and pillows are top-notch. The bar is comfortable but a bit small for a hotel of this size as we had a hard time getting a seat on both Friday and Saturday nights for a pre-dinner drink. Gym is very nice and spacious with high quality equipment. Staff is friendly and accommodating. I have only two complaints. We spent most of Saturday shopping and returned to our room to drop off bags at about 1 pm. The room had not been refreshed. I notified the front desk and was told someone would clean it immediately. We went back out for about 2 hours and returned to a still-dirty room. I called the front desk again. This time someone was sent to clean the room albeit while we were still in it.The night before our early-morning departure, we placed a breakfast order and requested delivery between 6 and 6:30 am. As we had to leave the hotel by 6:50 am, we had little time to spare. When breakfast did not arrive by 6:35 am, I placed multiple calls to room service (no answer) and the front desk. I was assured that breakfast was on its way. It finally did arrive but we had less than 10 minutes to eat. Needless to say, it was not a pleasant $45 meal (with taxes &amp; service charge). I mentioned this at the front desk upon check-out and believed the hotel would waive the cost--it didn't.All in all, not enough negatives to dissuade me from staying here again but certainly not yet a top-of-the-line hotel in terms of service.	
Oct 27 2009 	Perfect Location	I just returned from a 5 night stay at The James. This is going to be my hotel for all my trips to Chicago. I loved it!The hotel is perfectly located. It is in the heart of Chicago, one block from the Magnificent Mile. I walked everywhere from the Art Institute to the Gold Coast.The room adds to the hotel's charm. I had a studio loft that was like a little apartment. There was a stylish sitting area, a fully stocked bar, and a comfortable bed. The hotel has all the amenities of a luxury hotel for half the cost. There was a spa, restaurant, 24 hour room service, turn-down service with cookies on your bed every night. I truly enjoyed my stay, and look forward to returning soon!	
Oct 26 2009 	Rooms retained strange smells..and it wasn't me..	I chose this hotel on the basis of its location and all the positive reviews for it. I found the location fantastic - close to where I wanted to be, close to Metro and good food. The staff was very pleasant and helpful. When the tv remote needed to be fixed, they were there in mere minutes with battery replacement. When I needed a cab, it was quick and easy. My issue was with the room itself which had a distinct negative odor to it. They quickly and switched me out with a different floor and room, but sadly a lesser version of the odor followed. Something travelling through the vents? I don't know, but it was enough to make me not want to stay there again. Landed right on a wedding party floor. Crazy loud up until 4am. My fault for not complaining, but it was certainly the talk of the hotel in the morning. And not the good J Bar kind of talk.Perhaps the James is a little classy for me, but next time I'll take one of the major chains in the area.	
Oct 26 2009 	excellent city hotel but perhaps a bit full of itself	The James Hotel is excellent. No doubting that. Great loctaion, great rooms and a bit of boutique spunk to go with that. It definately beats a boring &quot;chain brand&quot; experience any day of the week. My main issue is that the service was just OK and it's marketers make it out to be more than it is. nothing infuriates me more than when I can get a cheaper rate online than with their reception. I even gave them a 2nd chance to match the rate and told the lady at Reception they would not have to pay a commission and make more $ of that (response - &quot;out of my hands, I wouldn't know anything about that&quot;). That and the rest of the service was pretty good, but not really excellent. To be claer, I'd definately stay here again when in Chicago but these guys should take a few tips from Boutique Hotel operators such as Firmdale in the UK to live up to their hype of one of the worlds best boutique hotels	
Oct 24 2009 	The James is GREAT	This place was a fantastic deal. We got a great rate through a 3rd party travel website. The staff was very attentive, rooms were great, beds excellent. Outstanding location, great restaurants very close. We stayed here several times when it was the Lennox House Suites and it has really jumped into the stratosphere.	
Oct 22 2009 	FANTASTIC Hotel Wonderful Location	We just returned from several days stay at The James. It's only two blocks from Michigan Avenue- Maginificent Mile. Bathroom is stocked with Khiel's products, decorated in very clean lines. The staff couldn't be nicer. We got a very quiet room at the end of the hall- easy to walk either to Michigan Avenue, Millenium Park or to catch the &quot;L&quot;/CTA/Metra. I would definitely return and highly recommend this hotel. The bed is SO comfortable.	
Oct 18 2009 	Chic modern and elegant	The James was fantastic. The hotel room was spacious, as was the bathroom. Great service and great location made this a good choice for us. We were within comfortable walking distance of shopping, restaurants and Millenium Park. The bed was probably the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept on and we loved the modern feel of the furnishings and the platform-style bed. The bar is a little small, but otherwise, we really liked this hotel and would stay again.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great Stay	I really enjoyed staying at the James. Check in was easy, the gym was fantastic and the bed was comfy. Two thumbs up!	
Oct 14 2009 	Great service so-so rooms and public spaces	From the start the staff at the St James could not have been more accommodating. I purchased two rooms through Hotwire and they let me switch the names over the phone so my friends could check in earlier than me. They provided a free breakfast for marathon participants that, while not extravagant, was very well thought out. When I checked out I got good directions. When I went to get a cab the doorman asked &quot;where to&quot; and when he learned I wasn't going very far they took me in the courtesy car. I suspect they do this so that cabs will want to come to the hotel and I didn't really care either way since I tipped the guy what a cab plus tip would have cost, but what a great idea! Benefits everyone and it was done so graciously and naturally. No fake sucking up, just sincere friendliness and courtesy all around. Unfortunately the lobby is smallish with low ceilings, the hallway decor is awful (giant nature photographs as wallpaper) and the rooms just aren't very nice. They are done up in a trendy way, but it looks a little cheap in some places and it's nowhere near enough to make up for the poor architecture of the building. The coffee pot was concealed on the top shelf of the closet and I didn't notice it at first. The safe was also on the closet shelf and didn't seem that secure. There was a very shaggy rug that I guess is supposed to be trendy, but I thought it was gross - if I see anything other than low pile i just think it's dirty. Shaggy rugs are fine for private homes, yucky in a hotel. The room was very dark with an ugly interior view (but I booked through Hotwire and didn't pay much). I would definitely come back here with friends or with my kids, but I wouldn't choose it for a romantic weekend because the rooms are not luxurious. Overall I really really liked this hotel, but the aesthetics are lacking.	
Oct 9 2009 	One of the best in Chicago	Have stayed at the James twice now for a fun weekend in the city with friends. From the moment I walked in the door to the moment I sadly checked out I was impressed both stays on multiple occasions. The location is ideal to shopping, restaurants and nightlife within walking distance. Cool and kind of funky decor but blended with warm classy accents that really pull it all together.Rooms: Stayed in a studio suite one visit and a loft suite the other. The loft is really more room than one person needs but I loved it anyway! The studio suite was great as well. Love the Kiehl's products and the beds are so comfortable! My first visit I had requested they swap out the feather pillows and duvet as I am allergic. On the second visit without even asking ahead of time, it had already been taken care of on arrival. That is customer service!!On property restaurant/bar:David Burkes Primehouse, ate there once for dinner, once for appetizers/snack and twice for breakfast. Probably one of the top three steak places in the country. Great for appetizers/snacks and they make a great breakfast too.J Bar/Lobby Bar - both a bit on the small side but really hopping every evening.Loved both stays and have found my new home away from home in Chicago.	
Oct 9 2009 	Friendly Comfortable 	My second stay at The James in the last year for a conference, and enjoyed my stay again. The staff is extremely friendly; accomodations minimalist yet comfortable. The Keihl's bath products are plentiful and a definite plus! The food is very good, wait staff in the hip bar/restaurant area are attentive and overall, this is a great place to stay.	
Oct 9 2009 	Service was fantastic facilities need some work	The James is a beautiful, contemporary, boutique hotel that is in a great location. All of the service; door, reception, maintenance and housekeeping; were fantastic. They have issues with the plumbing and the bathroom doors. Also there is a very large, plastic window shade that gets too hot in the afternoon sun and makes the entire room smell like burning plastic.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice Location close to shops restaurants	Very cool, modern hotel in a nice location. You have to walk through the bar at the end of the day and it can get techno loud and crowded with bar patrons. The room had nice amenities and was quiet, as requested. Had some technical issues with their computers and had difficulty getting assistance. During a rainy summer downpour, they ran out of umbrellas and said &quot;sorry!&quot; so I ran to Eddie Bauer and bought one for $5.99 on clearance, luckily.	
Oct 8 2009 	Incredible Hotel from top to bottom	The James Hotel exceeded my expectations. From the moment the bellman welcomed me to the hotel, I felt like I was part of a the super chic, trendy and upscale James family. The attention to detail is spectacular. The king room was ultra cool and spacious with an abundance of feather pillows and great bedding to boot. The bathroom was nice with great Kiehl's toiletries (generous sized) and replenished daily. The bedtime snack on your bed each night from the restaurant downstairs was also a special treat. Outstanding hotel....will surely stay at the James again when I return to Chicago.	
Oct 8 2009 	AMAZING hotel!	My sister, father and I stayed here while visiting Chicago to look at colleges. From the time we checked in, the James was absolutely fabulous- the decor and feel of the lobby are modern and gorgeous, and the check-in was quick and friendly. The rooms are CLEAN, spacious, and well-appointed. The bathroom is really nice, with a tub/shower combo and large, shallow sink as well as a huge closet and full-sized mirror. The bath products were Kiehls, generously sized, and the soap was environmentally friendly (as was the keycard, made from recycled paper)! The concierge (Bill, I think) was great, and even though we couldn't get into Topolobampo he suggested a great alternate (Vermilion). The proximity to public transportation is good but not fantastic, it's a few block walk to the CTA station, but you only have to transfer once to get to Evanston (although a cab is recommend to get to the University of Chicago). Additionally, the breakfast at Primehouse (the restaurant in the hotel) is amazing- the fill-your-own doughnut holes are incredible and fun, and the rest of the food (omelets, eggs, breakfast meats) is delicious. They also have a great tea menu and excellent white hot chocolate. The James is the best!	
Oct 8 2009 	Loved the James	Excellent location. Right in the thick of Chicago. Near Michigan, Rush, walkable to almost everything. Train station nearby, great shopping, Starbucks and Trader Joe's across the street. Over the top service from conceirge, bellmen, room service. Everyone was so nice! Hip decor in rooms - cool media pit. Comfy beds, nice bathrooms, this hotel has it all!	
Oct 8 2009 	A great place in the middle of everything	I searched everywhere to find a hotel that would have everything I was looking for: a little luxury, clean and modern, close to public transportation and all of the sites for a good value. I found it with The James. The hotel is only 2 blocks from the Red Line, and just enough off Michigan Ave where you were close to so much, but was still quiet enough to sleep (we could just hear the Black Eyed Peas and Oprah during her block party). The rooms were bigger than I expected, and well appointed, with the bed being comfy (a must!). We actually got a free night through a limited time offer, which made The James a great value. Either way, I would probably stay there again.	
Oct 1 2009 	Fun hip hotel with EXCELLENT customer service to boot!	I, along with four other girls, hosted a bachelorette party at a gorgeous little suite in the James Hotel. Prior to leaving for a night on the town, we had 20 people over for drinks and appetizers. Not only was the hotel in a great location and our suite was spacious and cute, but The James Hotel had the most helpful and courteous staff. They did everything from help us with our 30+ bags that we brought up to filling up our coolers with ice to carrying items on and off the trolley. If we called and requested something from the front desk, the item was at our room within a couple minutes. When we got back at night, the staff brought up extra blankets, pillows, etc. I only wish I got to stay and enjoy the hotel for longer. I will be recommending the James Chicago to anyone who will listen.	
Oct 1 2009 	Excellent Choice	I live in the far west suburbs and had a number of friends in from out of town for our annual get together. We had 4 rooms at the James including a suite. To a person, we found the hotel to be excellent. The staff was very responsive to anything we needed, service was cheerful, the rooms were nice, and the location was great. I am very happy with my experience and definitely recommend this hotel to others. I can see a weekend with my wife in the not too distant future too!	
Sep 27 2009	Chicago was wonderful	My wife and I stayed at the James Hotel July 20 to July 23 2009. Hotel was 1 block west of the Miracle Mile - great location for everything. Room was a good size but no drawers for clothing. Very Euro-modern. Hotel has very accomodating staff and good restaurant. Nearby Corner Cafe's were perfect for breakfast. One was a block east and a block north; the other was 2 blocks south. It was a 10 minute walk to Navy Pier. Fantastic place. Took the water taxi to the museum/aquarium/planetarium for $7. Each attraction is worth a day unto itself. Name a store/retailer and it is on the Miracle Mile. Went to the bar level in the Hancock Building. Best view apparently is from the ladies washroom but the bar and lower level restaurant both offer a really good panorama of Chicago and the waterfront. Millenium Park is fascinating. The Chicago waterfront is unbelievable - roller blading, walking, biking are all accomodated without being run over. The waterfront itself has no high rise building blocking the view. Had very good dinners at both the Cheescake Factory and Joe's Seafood and Steak. We will return to Chicago and the James for another holiday.	
Sep 25 2009 	Excellent hotel	Very friendly and helpful staff. Nice big comfortable room. Good location. We got a great deal through 1800hotels.ie Free wi-fi in room and free print service. Handy for printing online check-in or booking confirmation documents.	
Sep 24 2009	Nicely designed rooms...very close to Michigan Avenue	Our room was very nicely designed, and very clean. The hotel is just a block or so away from Michigan Avenue shopping.	
Sep 21 2009	Fabulous hotel in fantastic location	I picked the James Hotel based on price (got a great deal on Hotels.com), design, and location. Upon arrival, we were greeted and immediately checked into our room even though we arrived 3 hours early. The rooms were nicely designed and spacious. The staff were extremely helpful and courteous and the concierge recommended 2 great restaurants (Shaws and Prosecco) and the Chicago Line Architectural boat tour. The location of the James is ideal...it is 2 short blocks away from Magnificent mile and we were able to walk everywhere. We only ended up taking a taxi one night as they have a courtesy car available which we were able to avail of. It was a pleasure staying there and I would highly recommend it.	
Sep 20 2009 	Great Hotel in Chi-Town!	My husband and I spent our 9th anniversary at the James Hotel. We stayed in a loft suite. The room was very nice. The bed was comfortable. The ammenities were good. The fitness center was very well equipped. I had a massage on site which is a nice perk. We were across the street from Trader Joes which allowed us to stock up on snacks.One of the best things about the James is the David Burke Prime House restaurant. It is one of the best steakhouses I've ever been too. Great food and great service. They made our anniversary special.We liked our experience so much that I planned a team outing in Chicago and had my entire team stay at the James Hotel. They loved it. I got a great rate. And got to stay in a Loft suite again!	
Sep 17 2009 	Awesome Chicago Hotel	I stayed here for the weekend in August on my way back to the west coast from a business trip. This hotel is outstanding. I was surprisingly upgraded to an apt/suite room with large living area, bedroom and bathroom. The Kiehl's soaps and shampoo are a real treat. The mid-century modern furniture was very tasteful and the beds are super comfortable.The service was excellent. I was trying to find a misplaced package that my secretary sent via UPS and the staff was very attentive and helpful. The bar and restaurant are excellent also. No complaints. Would stay again.	
Sep 17 2009 	great hotel great location!	hotel james is a hip hotel, expensive, but really nice. we first had a suite, very nice, but downgraded to a smaller room with a view, that we liked even better. lots of windows, with a view of ontario street. trader joe's is across the street. contemporary furniture, but really nice. great bed, large t.v., spacious, great bathroom ammenities and shower head. they have turn down service also, they brought us ice for the ice bucket and cookies. we had the sunday dimsum brunch, and it was great! lots of food and drink, and you just sit there, and they bring it to you. you just need to make it back to your room for a nap! you won't be dissappointed with the james, it's really nice!!!	
Sep 15 2009 	Trendy and hip just not too functional!	Perhaps it was because we stayed at the Trump for a few nights before we moved to The James that the hotel seemed designed for munchkins. The room, bathroom, closet, drawers, and elevators were absolutely tiny. I like trendy and hip but appreciate a comfortable chair for reading, a functional workspace, and separate lights on each side of the bed. Bench seating and one long fluorescent light over the bed was problematic for two sharing a room. The coffee maker was stored in the closet along with the safe, two robes, and a luggage rack - so much for clothes! Having said that, the location is superb close to shopping on the Magnificant Mile and the Grand el station. The art is fun. The restaurant was good for breakfast with a menu that matched today's needs - smoothies, granola and all the usual egg dishes. Staff were welcoming but the promised restaurant list from the concierge never appeared and ice is only available at the evening turndown service. Yes, you are supposed to be able to request ice but it too never appeared . . . We stayed at the Trump, Monaco and The James on this trip and I would rank The James third on the list.	
Sep 13 2009 	Worth the price.	Even in these tough times it's worth it to get quality hotels. Worth it.	
Sep 12 2009 	End of Summer Blow Out	Our family stayed at the James for a weekend wedding, and it was an ideal place to stay. Even with young children the James accommodated our whole family. It was a blast and i recommend this hotel to anyone. This was the 4th time we stayed at the James and everytime is better than the last.	
Sep 11 2009 	Trendy Luxury	My husband and i stayed one night of the Labor Day weekend at the James in Chicago. We had our first two nights free on Starwood Points at the Sheraton a few blocks away. The James is an intimate place in size and tempermant. The service is great, the rooms spotless, the facilities small but offer all you could need. The toiletries were Kiehl's - very nice. The bed linens were crisp and white, towels larger-than-most and fluffy. The bed was a little soft for me due to the feather mattress topper, but I conked out no problem. The location is great for nightlife, music and dining.	
Sep 9 2009 	Even breaking up couldnt ruin this hotel experience	Fantastic location, great rooms, kiehls skin care... even breaking up with a thankless looser didn't ruin the experience....	
Sep 9 2009 	Exceptional service...except for one glitch	I recently stayed at The James for 3 nights with my husband. From the second we pulled up to Valet we were whisked away to check in where (no joke) 3-4 staff members were attending to us. I thought, this is unreal! The hotel was a hip, clean, efficient and in a great location. The only negative thing I can say is that, Tony, their concierge was very rude. From the minute I sat down with her she was stand offish and arrogant--nothing like the rest of the staff. She reluctantly gave me some restaurant suggestions and looked irritated when I asked for directions to them. The next day, Marco, another concierge was courteous and very helpful. The David Burke restaurant in the hotel was amazing! Go for brunch for sure. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and would definitely visit again--and stay away from Tony :)	
Sep 8 2009 	Place this Hotel at the top of your list !!!	The James Hotel exceeded my expectations (which, my wife tells me are exceedingly high to start with LOL). The location is excellent in relation to the Magnificent Mile. The staff at all levels: from the door, desk, concierge, cleaning and management were very congenial, helpful and genuinely appeared dedicated to making hotel guests feel welcomed and comfortable. The lobby and other public hotel areas were chic and very tasteful.....they were “out of the ordinary” but certainly not “outlandish”…..very refreshing in comparison to the bland and ho-hum décor in many chain brand hotels IMO. The room was terrific. We were upgraded to a loft which is almost 600 sq. feet. It has chic furnishings and a cool media centre with a 72 in. projection DVD. They even loan you dozens of DVD’s to view. The cleaning staff comes in twice a day. Bathrobes and slippers are also provided. We would definitely return to this hotel. Extremely good value and 5 star service by staff.	
Sep 8 2009 	Trendy and hip... oh and comfortable too!	Great location, an awesome staff, and above-average service all equaled a wonderful stay at this great little boutique hotel.We stayed here for 3 nights for an anniversary and birthday in a junior suite… a differently shaped room (more long than wide), but the bothroom was roomy and overall it felt like we had plenty of space for our luggage and lounging. The lobby has a cool little bar area that saw some action during the weekends. You really can’t beat the obviously great location.	
Sep 7 2009 	i never stayedbut!!	i nevers stayed at the hotel,but my daughter and her partner didAs a treat for them we arranged for them to have champange and chocolate waiting for them in their room on arrival.this did not happen,as somehow my emails got misplaced for what ever reason and [many were given.]I emailed the general managers assistant JENNIFER HAMPSON.she could not have been more helpful,they recived the champange foc,and were also treated to wine and cheese platter a few days later.We all know that things do go wrong,its how a company deals with it- is when you find out what sort of company they are.my daughter and her partner were upset that our surprise fell flat, but jennifer sorted it all out.she really is a credit to the james chicago.They really enjoyed their stay and im sure they will leave a report soon.	
Sep 6 2009 	Overall a good hotel with good customer service - after a false start!	My boyfriend and I spent 4 nights at The James in late August/early September. We got a great deal on the holiday, flying from London through Expedia.com.On arrival we were given a twin room-having booked a king room. We informed reception that this was the case and were told that even though the expedia booking stated a twin room (the booking in fact showed a king room booking as we had the paperwork with us and showed it to the staff) we could be moved rooms. We were sent to another room, to then be told this wasn't the right room for us to stay in and we had to move to another floor and yet another room. We finally go the right room....third time lucky!!!!The room itself was very clean, modern and comfortable. The kiehl products in the bathroom were lovely and the housekeeping staff were very good (with a turndown service in the evening) Overall the room was very impressive and the hotel itself was very nice. There is free internet in the reception which was useful.On the day we arrived, my boyfriend had arranged a surprise Spa Treatment for me (which I highly recommend-the Astra Spa staff were lovely), However, when he went down to the concierge desk to ensure everything had been booked he saw an email on the reception's printer from my parent's company. Thinking this odd, he saw that it was asking for confirmation that the &quot;arrangements&quot; had been sorted out for our arrival. Without us knowing, my parents had arranged (weeks prior to our trip) for champagne and chocolates to be in our room on our arrival. This had not happened-in any of the 3rooms we were sent to!!!! My boyfriend enquired into this oversight. The concierge made the excuse that he was waiting for the wording from my parents to accompany the gift-not that he knew what it was at this point! Needless to say, my parents were very disappointed that the surprise meant for our arrival was not in our room nor had been actioned. My mother had indeed been sorting this out for weeks and had had to send countless fax and emails due to the failure of the staff to confirm receipt of payment/order. Furthermore, on contacting the hotel on the failure to action the request my mother was told that it was due to our room change-another excuse! (the wording had in fact already been sent over too, contrary to the original excuse)We did eventually get our champagne and chocolates (without charge to my parents) and in addition, halfway through our stay were delighted to receive a handwritten note from the management with a bottle of wine and some cheese and biscuits. A special mention must go to Jennifer who liaised with my mother on the problems and was determined to make up for the oversight. We were highly impressed with this customer service. Overall the hotel is good and the service which many people on this forum have mentioned did materialise. One thing that could be addressed is the arguing we encountered in the reception. On a number of occasions we witnessed the staff arguing (quite loudly) with each other-we felt this to be particularly un-professional. I couldn't help but feel that, as suggested before, guests who book through agents do not always receive the same customer service as those who book directly. However, having said that the staff did make up for the original mishap very well. I would visit the hotel again, the location is great and Chicago was awesome.	
Aug 31 2009 	Impressive hotel - but bathroom wasn't great	We stayed at the James hotel for 4 nights in late August 2009. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay; the hotel is comfortable, stylish and well-located. We booked this hotel because of a special deal so we got a great price for what we received. The room was large and very stylishly decorated, with a really comfortable kingsize bed and a huge flatscreen tv. The storage space was perhaps a bit limited for two people (two small drawers and a hanging rail). Two small cookies were left in our room every evening as part of the turndown service, which was a nice touch. The minibar was extensive and there was free wifi access and a CD player in the room. There was a bit of noise from the street, which didn't bother us but might be a problem for light sleepers. Unfortunately, the bathroom was small in comparison to the bedroom, and the bathtub was so shallow that it was very difficult to use (about half the depth of a traditional bath). This was the only major problem with the room (and only matters if you prefer baths to showers!). The free toiletries were great, though - generously sized bottles of Kiehl's shampoo, conditioner and grapefruit body wash and lotion. The hotel is right behind the Magnificent Mile and 2-3 minutes' walk from the Grand stop on the El Red Line. There's a popular steak restaurant attached although we didn't try it. Service was generally good and they fixed a problem with our room within 5 minutes of us reporting it. I'd have liked to have been able to give this hotel 5/5 because it is a great place - but the bathroom was a bit of a disappointment. I'd still definitely recommend it!	
Aug 27 2009 	Excellent Example of Midwest Hospitality	My wife and I stayed at The James for her belated birthday weekend and we could not have asked for anything better. The deluxe king guest room is a clean, modern design with plenty of space and the minibar, with both &quot;airline&quot; bottles and a selection of larger bottles of top shelf liquors was very convenient. If you are a fan of modern/contemporary design that is still comfortable and liveable, you will love the lobby and bar area. But, what makes The James special is the service and hospitality.  Examples: 1) A couple days before arrival, I was contacted by the customer experience concierge inquiring whether I needed anything special during our stay. 2) The guys who work the door and front of the building are very helpful and genuine. I could not believe how many times they would pick up a conversation we had begun hours, or even the day before.3) Very knowledgeable concierge who gave us some excellent advice for shopping away from the Mag Mile. (fyi. Wicker Park)I travel constantly for business and pleasure and could not be more satisfied with the way we were treated. It is always easy to remember a bad customer experience, but this is an excellent one that we will remember for a long time. You gotta meet James!!	
Aug 26 2009 	Disappointed	My fiancé and I planned a nice weekend break in Chicago. Upon arriving at The James we were immediately downgraded to a smaller smoking room with a fee to &quot;upgrade&quot; to the non-smoking room we had originally booked. A room which was clearly free due to the offered upgrade.Had the hotel have the decency to honor it's commitments, and the staff be a little less condescending, then we would have had a considerably more pleasant stay and enjoyed the facilities on offer. As it was we tried to avoid the place and spend our time and money elsewhere.This is a cheap, belittling and penny pinching move from a venue that appears to pride itself on it's reputation as one of the classier hotels in Chicago. This, combined with the arrogant, aloof and superior attitude of the reception staff , ensured that we will not be staying here again, nor recommending it to anyone else.If anyone would like to contact me then I will happily share my thoughts on your planned stay in more detail.	
Aug 24 2009 	They know all about you and take care of your every need.	I had the wonderful pleasure at staying at The James in Chicago twice! Before the Mondrian in Scottsdale, AZ it was a converted Holiday Inn called The James. Though it had a great pool....it looked like a Holiday Inn. HOWEVER, when they decided to close The James in AZ and open a flagship in Chicago I was desperate to go. I was in Chicago for work and Hotwired the hotel. When I called I asked if they were the same James that used to be in Scottsdale. I also mentioned I stayed at the AZ hotel numerous times. Immediately I was transfered to the GM's assistant. &quot;Is this the Marshall that likes champagne and chocolate chip cookies.&quot; I was floored she knew this information. Then she offered me something called a &quot;media suite!&quot; When I got to the hotel it looked NOTHING like the old Scottsdale location. The decor was very modern and housed a wonderful art collection. When I entered the room I couldn't believe my eyes. I had a king size bed on a large platform with a gigantic TV. There was a living room with a sofa, another plasma TV, a wet bar and extra chairs. Then I discovered why this was called the &quot;media suite.&quot; There was another queen size type bed on the other side of the room with a projector that projected DVDs on the wall!!! Also, they offer Kiehl products in the gigantic bathrooms. I was in heaven. Four months later I decided to spend my birthday their with friends. This time I was given an amazing gigantic apartment suite. It was beautiful and larger then the media suite, however, I still think the media suite is the coolest concept. The staff treated me like royalty and brought robes and slippers for my friends who had to stay and crash. I miss The James in Chicago. On a side note, GM Richard Patton, is one of the best in the business. He knows how to run a hotel and personalize each visit. This GM is everyones friend AND confidant.	
Aug 23 2009 	Amazing	My husband and I wanted to spend the weekend in Chicago to celebrate our anniversary, and I had been looking at the James for awhile because it was attached to David Burke's Primehouse. From the moment I called to make my reservation, I knew this hotel understood what customer service means to a consumer and a picky one at that. From the pre-arrival dossier, to the special sweets from the staff to kick off our anniversary weekend and a hand written note thanking us for staying at the James, this staff is well versed in the long lost art of customer service. The rooms were well appointed and the beds comfy and warm on a cool weekend. The walking distance to Michigan Av is a huge plus. From the front desk to the cleaning staff, the staff here is top notch! And David Burke's Primehouse is not to be missed!	
Aug 23 2009 	Loved It	First time to Chicago, lovely city and a great hotel. It is stylish, bright and great service. Free internet access and excellent concierge service - booking trips, restaurants, recommendations of bars etc. Though we were sad to be going, he may have been relieved! Kiehls products in the spacious bathroom, and bright clean rooms. Good location to walk around the city day or night.Loved the city and hotel, were there for 5 nights and wish could have stayed longer, definately would return.	
Aug 22 2009 	Rude snobby staff ruined our stay here	This hotel was not worth it. From the moment we walked into the hotel lobby through check out, the staff were rude and contemptuous. Rooms were only serviceable, and certainly did not live up to the pompous self-descriptions on the website. The bathroom porthole and sliding door were odd and inconvenient. The 'fitness centre' was tiny and poor. We would not come here again.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great lesson in hotel management	Students of hotel management should be sent here to learn their craft. We enjoyed our 4 day stay here so much that we decided to put the James on our &quot;must do again&quot; list. Each and every employee we encountered was friendly, extremely helpful and well trained. The hotel is in a primo location for shopping, restaurants and a short walk to the lake where we jogged, biked and swam everyday. Cabs are abundant and exploring oportunities are endless. Our room was large, quiet, clean and extremely comfortable. We had a large plasma tv , refrigerator, mini-bar, radio, bureau and blackout curtins. I slept like a baby in the luxurious bed which was turned down daily with wrapped cookies on the pillows. Special praise to the tireless concierge service for making great recommendations and reservations and spending so much time answering our questions. They even provided us with free bicycles for the afternoon.To top it off we got a free day after the third. What a bargain!	
Aug 17 2009 	James and Chicago: lovely	We stayed at James at the beginning of a long trip along Us, for our first time in Chicago.The hotel is as the city is: elegant and full of design. Everything in the room has a sense and there are a lot of nice details: stuffs to prepare a perfect Martini (yep, in the room), great Kiehls' products, a giant Lcd tv, design cushions, big mirror, and more. Complimentary coffee machine, and radio-cd-Ipod music device.Good Wi-fi Internet access, complimentary business center with pcs and macs (I mean: no charge for connecting to the Internet or printing documents), fully equipped gym.For breakfast, lunch and dinner: the hotel's restaurant is really god, but a little expensive.If I have to find something I didn't like, I can say that the lobby could be better: not the best way to welcome customers, but it is really a little thing.	
Aug 17 2009 	Very cool very fun very nice!	The James was a favorite hotel on my cross USA trip. We stayed here during the Lollapalooza music festival and decided to splurge on a nice hotel in this city. We were not disappointed!We booked the studio room with a king bed and separate sitting room area. It was spacious, but the couch was not comfortable to sleep on - we slept four in the bed, and everyone from front desk clerks to the maids were very helpful (especially with extra towels, soap, etc..) Free computers in the lobby and free printing were so helpful for our concert tickets and boarding passes, check email and look up maps.Cool place, with hip modern design. Friendly helpful workers. Good value! Great experience!	
Aug 17 2009 	Love the James	The James was a random spur of the moment choice for us but it turned out to be great....it's all very new and rooms are incredibly spacious. Super comfy bed's too. Nice big tv's,ipod docks and other cool stuff.The proximity to the mag mile is great too...all the shopping you can dream of only a block away!We got a fairly good rate but i've noticed the rates lately seem a little excessive....for us the best part of the hotel is def Primehouse! and being able to get david burke room service!Even if you never choose to stay at the James make sure you go to dinner there..it is absolute perfection.I was eating there just a month ago and noticed they had a great sunday roast family style special too.Had a manicure at the hotel salon which was pretty average. Lovely girl though.We have since found better located (for us) places to stay in chicago but I wouldn't hesitate to stay at the James again!	
Aug 16 2009 	Awesome!	My husband and I stayed at the James Hotel for three nights to celebrate our anniversary in Chicago. The staff at the hotel were great, they upgraded us to a apartment style suite as an anniversary gift and continuously checked with us to make sure we didn't need anything. The hotel room was elegant and well appointed with as many bathroom goodies one girl could need. The shampoo and bath supplies were generously put out each day even if you didn't need any more. The bed was comfy and the room in general was comfortable, modern and enjoyable. We ate at the hotel's restaurant on the night of our anniversary and the wait staff were very attentive and even sent out a complimentary dessert with &quot;happy anniversary&quot; written in chocolate across the plate. All in all, no detail was left unnoticed and we enjoyed ourselves very much at The James, would go back in a second!	
Aug 11 2009 	Not worth the money	My in-laws booked a one night stay for New Years Eve for the two of us to stay at the James. To be brief there were a few things wrong with our stay which will prevent us from returning and advising our friends not to stay there.1) Shoddy construction of room fixtures: ceiling light was missing leaving a fist-sized hole with wires exposed, BOTH towel racks fell off the wall without being touched, and bathroom door often came off it's sliding mechanism with gentle use.2) When we reported these problems, employees simply put the towel racks back on the wall without properly adhering them to the wall.3) Upon check-out, they did not have record of my in-laws paying for our stay, though it was noted on our reservation that they had made it for us. We had to pay for our ($300) gift and the in-laws were extremely upset. When we wrote a letter to management (as a manager was not available to speak with us when we left) we did not receive an adequate apology.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great	I recommend this place to everyone. The staff and location are great. It was comfortable and worth every cent!!!	
Aug 9 2009 	James Offers Everything You Need In Chitown	Stayed at the James for 3 nights over what was a very busy oversold weekend for the hotel. Upon check in we were upgraded to suite 1220 just for being a member of Leading Hotels of the World. The service level never diminished and there was always a concierge or front desk staff available to assist without a wait. I found the Staff at the James to be extremely efficient, friendly, knowledgeable and willing to go the extra mile. EXAMPLE:Concierge Bill M. recommended a very nice Italian restaurant down the street called Quartino and called ahead to guarantee seating was available.. While eating our lunch an order of Bruschetta was brought over by someone other than our server which we had not ordered and thought was a mistake. We sent it back. Our server than returned with the Bruschetta and explained it was compliments of the James Hotel Concierge. Not only was it a pleasant surprise but we were thoroughly impressed. The other thing I liked about the staff were they did not make excuses or try to justify why something had not been done. Upon returning one day at 3 PM from shopping our room had not been cleaned even though we had the housekeeping sign on the door. I called down and the staff immediately apologized and said we will send someone right up which they did. No &quot; sir we are very busy, oversold etc excuses like you get from other hotels&quot; the James apologized and corrected the problem. The rooms are comfortable (especially the beds), clean, quiet, nicely appointed (except for the shabby little Ikea dresser in one of the closets) good quality towels and robes and Kiehls products. Location is excellent, walking distance to everything from Millennium Park to Lakeshore drive, Michigan Avenue, Red Subway line Grand Station and Restaurants galore. Trader Joes right across the street is convenient and the housekeeper explained if we wanted to store something in the honor bar just remove an item and place on the bar to make room for our items and we would not be charged as the honor bar is not on a sensor.Did not eat at the restaurant or use the spa but enjoyed the lobby bar. Jbar is nice but not our scene, tries to be too much like a club but is really just a poser bar. Abbey the restaurant manger offered to give us a tour of the dry age room but we did not have time. I met Abbey one morning when I was wondering the hotel and peaked my head in the restaurant to see what it looked like. she noticed my coffee mug from my room in my hand and offered to refill it. Evidence the staff at the James anticipates it's guest needs and ask if you need something before you even ask for it. I am torn as I am tempted to stay at the Wit Hotel the next time I visit Chicago but will find it hard to resist the James and their amazing staff.Bottom Line: You cannot go wrong with the James and it is a very solid choice for lodging in Chitown. I highly recommend giving it a try.	
Jul 30 2009 	wished we could have stayed longer!	We stayed in an apartment-style suite &amp; it was beautiful. There was a separate dining nook which was great for breakfast the next morning (delicious!). The staff was attentive &amp; courteous. Check-in &amp; out were easy &amp; quick &amp; the valet made sure to ask if we needed any directions as we were leaving. My only regret was that we could only stay one night!	
Jul 25 2009 	Good hotel great location bad service.	This is a great boutique hotel with fun, modern rooms and a great location! We had a great time, however, when we arrived at the hotel I was informed that even though we had contacted the hotel and requested a non-smoking room (my wife is pregnant) that since we booked through Hotwire they were unable to accommodate the request. They then told us that we could have a non-smoking room if we were willing to upgrade (for a fee) - which basically said to me: &quot;we have a non-smoking room...but not for you, since you booked through Hotwire.&quot; We ended up paying the fee (I didn't want my pregnant wife to be in a smoking area of the hotel) and got a room with two double beds (of course we had requested a King sized bed, but it was either that, or pay even more for a non-smoking king room).Bottom line: this is a great hotel with a great location, but don't expect any decent service if not booked directly with the hotel (and based on their check-in service, I'm not sure if you'd even get good service if you did actually book through the hotel). I'm sure that there are better hotel choices, near Michigan Ave, where you'd get much better service...	
Jul 23 2009 	Amazing Trip	The James was an amazing hotel to stay at while in Chicago. It's located a block off Michigan Avenue on Ontario. The staff was extremely accommodating and professional. They made great recommendations for restaurants. The hotel has a very modern feel and was a bit too trendy for me, but it was still beautiful and very comfortable. Think yuppie, yoga, and &quot;nature-y&quot;. The J Bar and the restaurant are attached and great for guests of the hotel. Overall, I would recommend this hotel for price and quality.	
Jul 23 2009 	The James was a fabulous oasis on a long business trip!	On a recent 10 day business trip to Chicago I stayed at the James. The staff was amazing, always helpful with packages, directions, restaurant reservations and special requests. Great guys at the door were always there to help. Room service was quick and always very tasty. We ate at the fabulous steak restaurant a couple of times and it was wonderful. Even though I was there for a business trip the hotel would be great for a Chicago getaway. It's just a block and a half away from Michigan Avenue and all it's shopping, plus there's TONS of restaurants within a block to 4 or 5 blocks of this hotel. Easy walk to Navy Pier and other Chicago attractions as well. Rooms were very comfortable, especially the beds and bathroom; clean, modern styling. Kiehl's bath products were great too. My only complaints would be that the bathroom was a little small and the business center is open to the lobby and could get a little loud when trying to work and there were sometimes alot of people just checking their E-mail in there when I was trying to get alot of work done. Great stay though!	
Jul 22 2009 	Great hotel	I would definitely stay at this hotel again, and I really think it is a hidden gem. Great location for shopping, sightseeing, great restaurants nearby. Rooms are very nice and modern,and very friendly staff. First trip to Chicago and my 2 daughters and I loved it.	
Jul 22 2009 	The James is THE place!!!!!	The James is an amazing hotel. The location is perfect! You can walk to everything. The area is safe and there is a lot going on. There are many restaurants and shopping right at your door. The hotel is trendy and cool. The staff was the best! Very helpful, knowledgeable and accommodating. The James also has a fantastic restaurant on the premisis...best steak!!! Well worth looking into this hotel. It was our first visit to Chicago and we will stay at The James next time too. It's not one of the boring chain hotels. We loved it at The James!!!	
Jul 20 2009 	The James Delivered!!	First time going to Chicago and we couldn't have been happier with this hotel. Great location off the Mag Mile. Great rooms---clean, spacious, bright. Great service---the conceirge Toni was awesome. Very accomodating to late check out (it's usually 2pm as it is!!!)---that's incredible!!! The restaurant in the hotel David Burke's Primehouse was delicious and had the most incredible steak I have ever eaten. Try the doughnuts---awesome!!! You can't lose staying here. Has an awesome gym!!! I can't wait to go back!!!	
Jul 19 2009 	Our new favorite city hotel!	Friendly and attentive service. Stylish and relaxing lobby/bar/restaurant. State of the art workout facility. Clean comfortable rooms. Perfect location. We will be back.	
Jul 19 2009 	Impeccable with an unexpected (pleasant) touch	I try to stay at the James every time I happen to be in Chicago. There are other good choices in town, but nobody has what the James offers: superior service - aka class meets efficiency -, metropolitan design and comfort with an attention to details I found only at the W in Seoul, and what always plays a role meaning a convenient location ... Then they get to you with small unexpected touches that make the difference ie: I was about to take off and drive North, it was a hot July day...one of the staff members handed me a bottle of water. A small gesture. Unexpected and appreciated. The management AND the staff understand what we expect and more importantly, what we need. AND they consistenly execute against that.	
Jul 15 2009 	The Ultra Swanky Uber Cool James Hotel	I recently stayed 3 nights in the ultra swanky James Hotel. Located in Chicago’s premier shopping district, The Magnificent Mile, this hotel is the epitome of cool. Upon entering the hotel you are greeted with the sounds of jazzy deep house dance music. The decor and the ambiance of this hotel reads uber chic. At check in I’m given an environmentally friendly room key card made out of recycled cardboard. This is the first of many environmentally friendly features that this hotel has to offer. I do have to admit that I was not fully impress by the customer service that was given at check-in. The front desk attended was very dry and unwelcoming, he didn’t say much to me and did not explain how to get to the hotels hidden elevators. However I was determined not to let one persons dry attitude affect my over all view of the hotel. Entering the Apartment Suite (room number 1108) my first reaction is to be turned off by how small the suite is. At only 650 square feet the Apartment Suite isn’t much larger that the standard rooms. However my disappointment is short lived after seeing the amazing view from the bedroom. The room looks straight out to Michigan Ave. and looks even better at night. As an amenity you will receive a plate of gourmet petit fours, cookies, a 350 ml bottle of wine and a personalized hand written welcome note. The room comes complete with a fully stocked bar. The bar has everything from vodka, pop, water, nuts and even a vibrator. Thats right. If you look hard enough you’ll find an adult pleasure kit hidden inside the bar. In your room you can access free wifi if you bring your computer. Internet is also available through the rooms television for a charge. If your traveling for business and internet is a vital part of your stay be prepared to be frustrated as the hotels wifi is really slow. The few times that I did use my computer I found myself quickly giving up due to slow loading speeds. You can also rent tons of movies but at around $14.99 a pop, what’s the point? Go enjoy the city of Chicago and buy that movie for $9.99 when you get home. When you get to the hotel try channel 42 on the TV. Can someone tell me what’s that all about? Strange but funny.  My favorite feature of the room is the huge spa inspired bathroom. It was expertly designed as has plenty of storage space if needed for extended stays. The shower has two heads. One that allows for the overhead rain effect and another that is handheld but can also be prepped up as a regular shower head. The shower also has a small window that houses a spectacular view of the city.  There are many other areas of the hotel for you to enjoy. There’s the JBar that is open Wednesday through Saturday (I didn’t get to enjoy it because my stay was Sunday to Wednesday morning). However at night the hotel lobby becomes some sort of a bar in it’s own right. They serve drinks in the lobby and it seems the place to be after dusk. Inside the James Hotel you will also find a high tech gym with personal trainers available, a full service spa, and the well known David Burke's stake house (sorry that I can't tell you how the food was, I'm a vegetarian so I didn't bother).  Here are a few tips to make your trip even more enjoyable:1. Although the in room bar looks great and is very tempting avoid the urge. At $3 for a can of coke and about $42 for a mini bottle of Grey Goose it’s not worth it. Directly across the street from the hotel is Trader Joe’s grocery store. Trader Joe’s is famous for their cheep wine shop and organic foods. If organic or wine isn’t your thing, less than a block and half way you’ll find a Jewel Osco for hard liquors and ready to eat foods.2. Are you looking to spend a night out on the town? While the James Hotel is in a great location, there’s tons of shopping and restaurants nearby, but there are not a lot of bars or clubs. If you are looking for a great night out don’t worry. Just walking distance from the hotel you will find Chicago’s Red Line subway train. From there you can easily access the best bars and clubs the city has to offer. Take the red line to the North/Clyborn stop then take a easy walk to Weed Street there you will find a plethora of nightclubs. If your looking for Gay/Lesbian bars take the red line to the Belmont stop and you will be in Chicago’s GLBT neighborhood where you will find bars/nightclubs, lots of shopping and tons of late night restaurants.3. Just a small heads up, this hotel charges you for your entire stay at check-in. This really isn’t a huge deal but what they don’t tell you is that they add an extra $100 per night for incidentals which you get credited back to you when you check out. I stayed three nights and payed with my debt card so imagine my surprise when and extra $300 was taken out of my checking account.  If you are planing a trip to Chicago I would highly recommend a stay at the James Hotel. It’s in a great location and has many services and amenities to please even the discerning of travelers.	
Jul 11 2009 	Great Service Location 	I stayed at The James for almost a week in January of 2009. To my surprise, I very much enjoyed this boutique hotel. The rooms were spacious, well-kept, and modern. The staff at The James were attentive and courteous. The location is ideal as it is one block off of Michigan Avenue at Rush Street. Besides the obvious close location to top-notch shopping, there are many restaurants nearby. This place is a steal in terms of value. I recommend this place to tourists and business travelers.	
Jul 7 2009 	Great Hotel!!	My husband and I went to Chicago for our 1st Anniversary. We stayed at James Hotel and it was a wonderful experience. It was close to all the shoppings, resturants, the trains and buses. We only took a cab once to another area and other times, we either walked or hopped on the trains. The staff was wonderful, they cleaned our room at least twice a day. All the equipments at the gym were new and very clean. And you must try the David Burke Prime steak house. We went there on Sunday night and they have the Super Prime Sunday dinner for only $42 per person. It was a four course dinner and it was worth every penny of it. We couldnt even finish it. There is a mini bar in the room but it was pretty expensive. So i suggest you to buy drinks from cross the street where they have a Trader's joe and they have a great selection of wines too. There is also 7/11 on almost every corner. If you are travel by plane and with only couple of people, I don't suggest to rent a car since the parking in downtown is a pain and the parking in the hotel is very expensive. There is a train from the Ohare airport directly to the downtown area. We took the train from and to the airport and very conveninece and inexpensive. Overrall, this is a great hotel if you are looking for something trendy and close to everything.....	
Jun 30 2009 	Amazing service in an unbeatable location	The service at the James Hotel was top-notch. When we arrived, it was 99 degrees in Downtown Chicago and our air conditioning didn't work. Every single room was booked, so we had to stick it out for the first night. The next morning, they moved us into a beautiful (larger) room while we were out on the town. We ended up spending the week in a king loft suite and it was incredible! And the bed is incredibly comfortable. I can't stress enough how amazing the service is. Everyone has stayed at a hotel and felt like just another guest, but this hotel takes the time to give superior service. Every single employee of the hotel greets you and is sincerly helpful and nice. The spa was fantastic, and the gym had everything you could need! The rooms were spacious, clean, and fun! Also, loved the bath products (Kiehl's) and the extra touches like cookies at bedtime.It was our wedding anniversary, and the concierge arranged for a fantastic dinner with a surprise at the end... a lovely dessert with &quot;Happy 5th Anniversary&quot; painted in frosting on the plate. I would never stay anywhere else when I come to Chicago, and we are definitely planning on returning. The location was prime... just seconds from Michigan Avenue, a mile from Millenium Park (easy walk) and blocks from the river. Worth every penny.	
Jun 26 2009 	European Oasis in downtown Chicago	I loved The James Hotel. It was perfect. Upscale, cool vibe with out being pretentious. Experienced, and very pleasant staff. I loved the low key, humor these hard working representatives of the James Hotel displayed. On two occasions I heard sirens outside my window (fifth floor) but on the whole it was very quiet. Perfect down town location. Good wine selection in the bar. The bed was divine ! The bathroom beautifully designed, and very clean. Frankly I have no suggestions on how to improve the James. They had me at Hello!!!	
Jun 9 2009	Excellent Choice for a special weekend in the city	We stayed here when we flew in to celebrate our daughters - college graduation. Couldn't of been happier with our accomodations or the excellent service we received from all of the staff. Rooms are very clean and comfortable - only wish that they had 2 queens in a double room rather than double beds as our daughter stayed with us.Looking forward to our return next month in a king room to celebrate a milestone birthday.	
Jun 1 2009 	What A Fantastic Hotel	The staff at the James was unbelievably accommodating and friendly. They went above and beyond. I've stayed at many of the fine hotels in Chicago and the rooms here were much roomier and the decor was so hip and cool. Great for a getaway.	
May 26 2009 	Hands down best customer service EVER!	By far, this was one of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed in - and it made celebrating an anniversary with my boyfriend such a memorable experience!For starters, we called ahead to get suggestions for restaurants and bars in the area. The concierge couldn't have been more helpful and nice - and she obviously took note that it was our anniversary and informed guest services because when we arrived they said &quot;happy anniversary!&quot; and gave us a complimentary room upgrade. The hotel is impressive - the lobby and bar are gorgeous and the studio room we stayed in was very trendy and well-kept. The maids did a great job of cleaning up the room and even at night when they came to turn down the sheets, they cleaned things up a bit again and replaced towels. The location of the hotel is perfect! We parked our car and never once took it out of the lot or had to take a cab. You are literally on Rush Street and only a block away from Michigan Avenue. We walked to the Navy Pier, the John Hancock Tower and to various shops and restaurants with no problems at all. Above and beyond everything, the customer service is great. Being a younger couple, my boyfriend and I have had experiences where we aren't always taken seriously as hotel guests. At The James, every employee made us feel extremely welcome and bent over backwards to make sure that we were having a good time. The concierge arranged all of our dinner reservations, and for one dinner, even arranged to have a car from the restaurant pick us up. Even though we were in town for only 2 nights, we genuinely felt like the hotel employees knew and recognized us after only a few conversations. I would really look forward to going back to this hotel and would recommend it to anyone!!	
May 25 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Very impressed with Staff and Hotel. The only complaint is the street noise, as well the room was not very sound proof. I heard conversations in the hallway, and kids screaming. I was also close to the elevator, and could here the chimes. The elevator is also very slow, and you should expect to wait. I found the parking to be expensive at $50 per night. Anyways, I would stay again only if I was on a higher floor. I was in room 507.	
May 25 2009 	Favorite hotel in Chicago. Better than the Peninsula	Have stayed here @ 6 times and most of the other nice hotels in Chicago including the Ritz, Four Seasons and Peninsula (4 times).Travel a lot for business and this staff, health club, bar/restaurant and rooms make the James one of my favorite hotels in US.They have gone out of their way to make myself and family feel very comfortable including one time when we had to stay there for 10 days over the holidays due to a death in the family.	
May 25 2009 	Excellent time at the James Chicago	We stayed at the James Hotel for 2 nights over Memorial day weekend in May '09. We were in town for a wedding and this hotel was recommended by the bride. My impression of the hotel started on a great note when I called the day before arrival to get details about traveling to the hotel from O'Hare. The woman on the phone was extremely helpful and gave me tons of useful info. Overall, every interaction I had with staff exceeded my expectations.We arrived at the hotel at around 10am and were able to check in immediately. We had a double room on the 17th floor facing west down Ontario St. The room was of good size with a small alcove with a table and comfy bench, large table/luggage space in front of the window and a large bar/min fridge area. Normal size bottles of booze were available with several different types of cocktail glasses and mixing implements. Also there was cd/radio/mp3 player (with an aux plug to fit non-iPod mp3 players, too).There was also a large LCD TV and great lighting throughout. I've been to many boutique hotels where lighting (lack of it) is an issue and it was not an issue here. I could have been comfortable staying here for several days as there was enough space for 3 to move around (or sit and relax) at the same time. The bathroom had Keihl's products and enough counter space. There's a Trader Joe's across the street and a Whole Foods nearby (walking distance at Huron/Erie)The door staff was great - not to in your face annoying but always close at hand to offer tips, etc.Minutes before the wedding my sister (the maid of honor) called for help b/c the DVD player being used at the reception didn't work. They needed another and the James Hotel front desk staff immediately loaned me one. This really saved the day and they didn't say a word when I walked out the front door with it!As in any city there was some road noise (police sirens, honking, etc.) on the 17th floor.Free wifi in the rooms and entire hotel.We had a great time and I would definitely return to the James Hotel.	
May 22 2009 	UNBELIEVABLE EXPERIENCE	A must for any serious or regular traveller. Ideal for both business and lesiure. Great location for the major Chicago attractions. Staff offer exceptional and unrivalled service.Trendy, chic and sophistacated - a &quot;must be seen in here&quot; hotel.Rooms - my room had its own cinema/theater in a separate room. Furnishings were first rate. One of the only hotels in the world, where the the selection of glasses for the mini bar in the room had martini glasses!Staff - nothing was too much trouble, always ready with a smile and extremely helpful, professional, efficient and more than all, friendly.The plaque on the entrance door says &quot;One of the Worlds Leading Hotels&quot; - The James Hotel certainly is and lives up to its reputation. We (a group of 14) stayed for three nights. If you are looking for that &quot;extra special&quot; hotel - The James is the place	
May 14 2009 	Well how chic are you?	This place is amazing. From the moment I made my reservation, the staff could not be more accommodating. I called in advanced to the concierge for information and it was waiting for me upon my arrival. The front desk people were wonderful and so patient as I wasn't comfortable with the my initial room. Between the bell staff and front desk they must have shown me at least 8 rooms with various views and layouts. They all had the patience of saints and without one bit of attitude. In fact, I could not believe how incredibly kind and understanding they were. Every morning I was greeted by name by the doorman and the bellmen. When it rained they offered me an umbrella the moment I entered the lobby from the elevator to go outside. The room service staff was great arranging food for me according to dietary restrictions. The gym was well appointed , but sadly I didn't get a chance to work out. The concierge managed to get reservations for dinner at a restaurant that it takes weeks to get into. AMAZING!!! The hotel is right across the street from Trader Joes so if you are hungry, you can get a bite to eat or pick up snacks. They have two business centers for guest to use and free internet.I decided to stay at this hotel because I couldn't bear to stay down the street for a convention I was attending and wanted more of a small boutique hotel. In fact when I brought my friends over for a drink at the bar, the entire group was lamenting why they didn't stay at the James instead of the Mariott where everyone was congested from the gross chemicals they used.My room was great and I had no issue with noise. In fact it was very quite. The room smelled great ,was clean , chic and well laid out. In fact all of the 8 or so rooms were very well laid out in their own way. Just to prove how cool the James is, Bravo's Project Runway was casting their 7 th season and Tim Gunn and the PR staff were staying there and I even got to talk with Tim in the lobby. I am a former concierge of 5 years so I know the level of service guest expect. The James was exceptional in every aspect..Everything about this hotel was beautiful, unique and well done.	
May 8 2009 	James Hotel - Great location/Staff	Stayed at the James Hotel (seventh floor) for five nights in April 2009. The hotel was in a perfect location, very close to everything. Walkable places included the Magnificent Mile, John Hancock tower, Millennium Park, Navy Pier, Aquarium, Sears tower etc. etc. The staff were always polite and very helpful. The rooms were of a decent size with a very comfortable bed and some nice touches including plasma tv and kiehl's bath products. Only negative was that we were woken early each morning by traffic/bin men - not a bad thing as we didn't want to waste our holiday! I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to stay in Chicago on either a business trip or holiday. Can't wait to go back to Chicago and would definitely choose the James hotel again!	
May 6 2009 	Average stay at The James	In fairness to the James, I arrived reluctantly and fully prepared not to like the James after being transferred from the Affinia due to a booking error at Affinia. (The James and Affinia are operated by the same group.) The initial service and cleanliness of the James did impress me and I started to think that it might be as good(better ?) than a stay at the Affinia after all.The decor was plain and simple , but comfortable, and the rooms were nicely cleaned each day.Great mattress, quiet room and free internet, were all good.There was a nice, big flat screen in the room, but the closed-captioning was on, and no amount of button pushing could turn it off. It took 3 requests and 2 days to get the hotel to turn it off. I did not go to Chicago to watch TV, but after walking around for 6 or 7 hours, its nice to veg in front of the tube and have a drink or two before dinner.The closed-cap is really annoying and for the prices charged for a room, and the James' upscale presentation, everything should work correctly , or be fixed pronto. Then the bathroom faucet knob fell off late at night, and we could not turn off the water.The &quot;engineer&quot; as they called him , did arrive fairly quickly to fix it , but it seemed forever, laying in bed trying not to fall asleep, waiting for the guy to show up. I asked at the front desk about a long distance call and was told it would be ~$4 and change. In reality the charge was $13 something on our bill. I complained and the hotel adjusted it. On our last night , after an evening of excellent dining and great blues bars, we got back to the hotel late and wanted to watch TV for a bit before calling it a night. The TV died a minute or two after we turned it on and refused to turn on again.I did not bother to call the front desk, by this point it was too late and I'd had enough of dealing with little problems at the hotel. There was also an error with our room billing charge that turned out to be another mistake on Affinia's part. The James was OK, the little problems were annoying, taking the glow off of what could have been a more enjoyable stay.If we had paid regular rate(the James honored the Affinia's special rate of $149), I would have been much less happy. The Affinia's handling of my reservation and subsequent transfer to the James has left a bad taste in my mouth.This is not the James fault, but between the hotel problems and the reservation problems, all under the care of the same group of hotels, our stay was just OK.	
May 5 2009 	Mixed Feelings - A lot must depend on your room location	The James is a very cool, well-appointed hotel. The room service was perfect and reasonably priced for breakfast. The amenities and decor are wonderful (plus there's a huge big flat screen TV), as is the location. But...if you have an lower floor East facing streetside room, like I did, good luck getting a good night's sleep. It was VERY noisy. The street noise went on most of the night - motorcycles, trash trucks, etc. Even with earplugs in, because my room was so small, I was awakened one night at 4am by a dog barking (do they allow pets?), and another night by people talking loudly in the next room. Then, because the shades don't completely cover the window, the sun streamed in too early in the morning. I got a Hotwire deal, so maybe not the best room (they couldn't switch me the first night after I'd been waiting since 10am to check in), but that means I can't recommend this hotel. Probably not what they hoped for when they made the rooms available on hotwire.	
Apr 30 2009	Great weekend at The James Hotel Chicago	This was my first visit to the James Hotel. I stayed here based on the reviews I saw on Trip Advisor. I thoroughly enjoyed this hotel. Not only are you one block from the Mag Mile but you are walking distance to everything else downtown. The entire staff could not have been more accommodating. The concierge gave us great recommendations for nearby local restaurants, art galleries and even the most beautiful church for Easter Sunday Mass!!The gym they have is FANTASTIC! They have a huge cardio and weight lifting area. I was very impressed since most hotels have a few cardio machines and that's it.The room was a nice size and the beds were so comfortable I could have slept in every day!The main floor has a computer area with a few computers and a Mac to boot. We were able to print our boarding passes without any hassle. I would highly recommend this very trendy/cool hotel.Can't wait to visit the next time I am in Chicago.I did not try the restaurant but heard it was very good.	
Apr 21 2009 	Surly staff argued with me at every turn	First, several days prior to my stay, I called and spoke at length with the concierge. At that time I specifically requested that a large pot of coffee for two people and one large glass of orange juice be delivered on Saturday and Sunday morning at 9:30 am. After speaking with the concierge, I was telephoned to confirm this order by another individual at the hotel. When, on Saturday morning I did not get my order, I called in-room dining. They had no idea I had placed the order and stated that they weren't told about the order from the concierge. I waited another half an hour before they delivered the order to my room. They brought two (2) orange juices (more than I ordered) but I did not argue the point. On Sunday morning I received my order at 10:15 - they provided two (2) large orange juices (again - not what I ordered) and a large pot of coffee with only one (1) cup (there were two of us). Again, I did not argue but simply overpaid. In sum, I ended up paying around $60 for items that were (1) not what I ordered, (2) late, and (3) required my nagging to receive. I was further inconvenienced by in-room dining staff when I ordered room service Saturday night. First, the food was limp and uninspired. Further, I ordered the soup- which arrived without a spoon. When I called in-room dining to request a spoon, I was told one would be forthcoming. 15 minutes later, a waiter arrived with a menu. When I explained I already had food and I didn't need a menu - I needed a spoon, he had the audacity to argue with me. I respectfully requested he return with a spoon and he agreed to do so. Another 15 minutes (and one bowl of cold soup) later I decided to call in-room dining back to request (again) they send someone with a spoon. They too argued with me and expressed that they'd already sent someone with a spoon. I explained that they had not - that I had received a menu I didn't request, but that no spoon was forthcoming. Another 15 minutes later, a spoon finally arrived. I ended up paying $100+ so that I could argue over cold, flavorless food. In addition to the gross customer service, surly attitude, and sorry food, I found the room woefully lacking. It reeked exhaust fumes so much so that on Saturday night I woke up from the smell. Further, I had specifically requested when I booked the reservation that I be kept away from the elevators… I was right next to the elevators and had the displeasure of listening to them ding all night long as other guests came and went.	
Apr 18 2009 	Excellent staff extremely clean very modern kiehl products in bathroom!	My husband and I staryed at this hotel this past weekend while he attended a conference in Chicago. Prior to our arrival, I had contacted the manager of customer service to try to get tickets to Oprah and to get some restaurant recommendations. She came thru for us on all accounts. The rest of the staff was equally amazing, helpful and friendly. Location was great...close to everything with Trader Joe's and Starbucks right across the street. The room is a little sparce, with barely anyplace to unpack. Bathroom is small, but modern and stocked with kiehl products...my favorite! Turndown service at night. Upscale hotel without being shi-shi. Highly recommend this hotel!	
Apr 9 2009 	Great Hotel!	I found the James through a deal on Travelocity in January. The reviews here were about 50/50 but the deal was too good to pass up. I'm a single mom traveling with an almost 15 year old and I have done a great deal of traveling to give you some perspective. We arrived early (cab from O'Hare was $40 with tip) and our room was ready immediately. The hotel is immaculate and stunning (for those who like the contemporary vibe). The room was perfect for us - beds were perhaps the most comfortable I've ever stayed in. The room is very contemporary - great tv, typical city view, not overdone. The staff bent over backwards for us through out the stay. From a clogged toilet to restaurant recommendations, they were very attentive. Mr. Marcellus (evening concierge) even went to the trouble to print my boarding passes for me the night before we left. We did not eat at the restaurant on site but we did order dessert from them one night via room service - it was very good. The hotel is about a block off of Michigan Ave. The Hard Rock, Rainforest Cafe, and Rock &amp; Roll McD's are within easy walking distance. The Red Line is an easy walk and buses come right down Ontario. My suggestion is to go to CTA's website in advance and buy passes - we did an unlimited 3 day pass for $14/each that was good for buses &amp; the El. Nothing to do with the James - but I also strongly suggest eating breakfast at Lou Mitchell's (3 blocks from Sears Tower).	
Apr 9 2009 	Nice Hotel in Great Location	I had a very nice stay here for 5 nights recently for a conference in town. Positives:-- Great location, right off Michegan Ave and close to great shopping / restaurants etc-- Trader Joes right accross the street -- Rooms are very clean and housekeeping is great (turndown service even includes home baked treat)-- Great lighting throughout the hotel - room lights all had dimmer switches-- Gym, although not huge and in the baseroom is very well equipped. It's so nice to see hotels get the gym right-- Original artNegatives:-- No views, and many rooms look into interior courtyard (as did mine) / directly into other rooms-- Althought I got a great rate on hotwire, I was offered only a smoking room, or the option of paying $40 / night extra to upgrade to a non-smoking junior suite. This is annoying.-- Small and slow elevators (although probably not much that can be done about this given the buildings age).	
Apr 8 2009	Great hotel fantastic location	Stayed at The James for four nights on a girls' weekend getaway. We were able to walk almost everywhere we wanted to go, and when we had to take a taxi, the doorman was extremely helpful. The room was very clean and comfortable, lots of towels and nice toiletries were provided. The staff was very attentive and always cheerful. I would definitely stay there again!	
Apr 7 2009 	51st Birthday Trip ChicagoIL The Hotel James is OK with Me!	The James hotel is located close to everything in Chicago, the miracle mile, Pizza House Uno,Rush street, The Water Tower everything. We walked everywhere because everything was close by. The rooms are very modern and a little on the small side. But the bed was very comfortable, Very! The service is very good and the calls are answered professionally and nicely. All service was very fast and through. The lobby is a liitle small but that keeps the riff raff from hanging out in it, the bar service was good. The drink prices were high but what do you expect in a hotel bar. I got a great deal from leading hotels of the world for my stay of 3 days was just over $400.00 for a 5 star hotel that's cheap. Due to the location, price and service I may stay there again. But I think my next trip may take me to Trump's hotel in Chi Town. The James is a good stay . The doorman at the hotel are Great! Always pleasent, with a smile and very good service.	
Apr 3 2009 	There are not enough words...	to explain how wonderful this hotel stay was for my husband and I. It was his 40th and they did everything to make it such a special stay. From the check in to wishing him a happy bday, to the handwritten note by the Exec. Assistant to the hotel Manager, to checking in days early to confirm dinner reservations, etc. Every morning and night the staff greeted us at the door to make sure we were having a great time and made some suggestions on what to hit to experience true Chicago. The rooms were extremely well done, quiet &amp; bathroom amenities wonderful and very tasteful decor. Their gym - better than some I've experienced in monthy memberships.	
Mar 31 2009 	What a wonderful experience!!!	My wife and I were in Chicago for a getaway weekend with friends. We could not have asked for a better hotel experience. The rooms, the location, the service, the friendly and helpful staff,,,,,, all top-notch!!! And, within walking distance to so many good things! The weather did not cooperate very well, but oh well!! The beds are so comfortable, I had not slept that well in ages!!!	
Mar 25 2009 	Fantastic staff superb hotel.	I spent about a couple of weeks at the James recently and in all honesty it was the best hotel I have ever stayed in.I travel constantly for business and I am so frequently disappointed in hotels. It doesn't seem to make any difference how much money you spend, in my experience most are fundamentally flawed in one way or another so the James came as a complete shock to me. Finally a hotel that treated me with respect and courtesy from the moment I arrived until the day I departed.The staff are fantastic and incredibly helpful, nothing was too much trouble, always a smile. I was greeted by name after I had been on premises for only about 30 minutes, I still have no idea how they do that.The rooms are very comfortable, well appointed in slightly minimalist decor, quite stylish. The bed was plush and everything you would expect from a 5 star hotel. The restaurant Primehouse is excellent, at the time of my stay they had a 3 course $20.09 lunch that was amazing, I can't recall ever having Kobe Beef Sashimi served on a block of Himalayan Pink Salt as an appetizer for a twenty buck lunch and yet there it was and it wasn't a serving that required a microscope to appreciate. I ordered a similar appetizer at Envy in ls Vegas a few weeks before and it was pitiful and cost more than my whole lunch at Primehouse. To be succinct the James is brilliant if you are going to Chicago don't mess about with anywhere else, the location is perfect, you will enjoy your stay.	
Mar 15 2009 	Ultra Hip Modern Hotel in a Great Location	I have stayed at The James approximately 10+ nights over the past year and I love this place. I swap between here and The Sofitel Water Tower Place based upon price and availability. Location is central to all River North attractions and, while it is on Rush Street, it is a few blocks south of the party district so it stays relatively quiet. There is a Trader Joe's across the street, which is great if you want an in-room picnic (read on). The heart of Michigan Avenue shopping is a block to the EastThe decor is ultra contemporary and clubby, yet the rooms are very comfortable. Lots of great examples of modern and mid-century furniture. Beds are very comfortable with great linens. All rooms I have stayed in have been very clean and well maintained. Plasma HDTV, complimentary water, nice bath product, and nice touches like dimmer switches for most room lighting, and ipod compatible radio. The feel is minimalist, but not spare. The staff is very professional. The downstairs bar can sometimes be a good spot, but it seems to be mostly hotel guests and not many locals. J Bar, located next door, really gets going later in the evening and seems to cater to the 30-something crowd (but this 40-something has had a lot of fun with friends there too). The David Burke Primehouse restauarant has amazing steaks. Definitely worth the splurge on their 30, 45, and 60 day aged steaks.Typical rooms are of average size. The real treat at this hotel are their &quot;Loft Suites&quot;.The hotel is not particularly tall and is surrounded by taller buildings, so there really are almost no views. It is also U shaped in plan and the interior rooms face a parking deck with a limited view of Wrigley Tower in the distance. Ingeniously, these interior rooms have been designed as extra-large rockstar suites - so no need for a view. The suites feature a living area with couch and a couple of chairs, a wet bar stocked with top-shelf liquor, cocktail shaker, refrigerator, etc., a small dining table, and large plasma TV. The bathroom has a large glass shower with separate tub. Great Kiels bath product. Nice robes.The bedroom is a king size platform bed in an alcove off the living area and has its own Plasma TV. Lastly, on the other side of the living area is what can only be described as a &quot;party pit&quot; - which consists of a queen matress platform surrounded by a drink shelf and with an LCD projector to show DVDs on the wall. Yeah, really. Order up the bottles of Cristal and invite the groupies. It would make a great room for a long romantic weekend.Prices are all over the board for this hotel depending on occupancy and the time of year. I have stayed from the high $100's but its not unusual to see it get into the $400s per night. You just have to check.	
Mar 14 2009 	A hidden gem	I have stayed in many different hotels in Chicago, including two of the high end properties. I would definitely stay at this hotel again, and I really think it is a hidden gem. Great location, nice lobby bar and very friendly staff. The rooms have nice touches (they might take a look at their windows though-they leak like sieves and it was hard to keep the room warm)	
Mar 11 2009 	This is a great place for those who love modern cutting-edge decor and efficient service in downtown Chicago.	I have stayed at the James more than once for short business/leisure trips to Chicago. It is consistently pleasing and clean, and I love its modernity! Friendly staff, too. Stay here.	
Mar 3 2009 	Fantastic central location lovely boutique hotel	Me and my boyfriend stayed at the James May 2008 whilst visiting Chicago and found the hotel very pleasant. I am a bif fan of modern boutique hotels and this was just that. It was trendy, not too big, not too small and in a great location. The rooms are modern, a good size and clean. The only downside is theres not much of a view but you are in a big city so not many picturesque views around here! We used the gym a couple of times which was well equipped and there was also great internet access in the lobby. The staff were also very helpful.We ate in the David Burkes steakhouse one night and the food was fantastic, however on the pricey side so maybe for a special occasion. We then went to J bar which was very good music and got packed fairly quickly. I would also recommend drinks at the top of the hancock tower. Fantastic views of Chicago. We also went up the sears tower in the daylight which is worth a visit. One thing you must do whilst in Chicago is go to a Cubs baseball game. We had such a great time!I would definetely stay at the James hotel again. Great overall stay.	
Feb 27 2009 	Love the James!	What a great place to kick-off an exciting and adventurous evening in the beautiful city of Chicago. This hotel has a great location placing it within walking distance of some of the finest bars, restaurants, and departments stores the city has to offer, some of which are right inside the hotel. My check-in was speedy, and the entire staff was friendly and most helpful in answering all of my questions. The contemporary room has amazing atmosphere and boasts all of the high-end amenities a person could ask for including flat screen televisions, stereo system, and the most comfortable bed I think I have ever slept in. I highly recommend the James for an impeccable weekend getaway or an extended vacation.	
Feb 27 2009 	Hidden Gem in an excellent location!	The James hotel is a wonderful place to stay. It is in walking distance to great food, shopping and sightseeing. The staff at the James hotel went above and beyone to make my stay as comfortable and relaxing as possible.	
Feb 20 2009 	Lovely hotel great service too	We recently stayed at The James in Chicago. It's a lovely hotel and the rooms are really nice. We had a suite which included a lounge area with flat screen plus a flat screen telly by the bed. The bathrooms are lovely and the Kiehl's toiletries are a lovely touch. We really liked this hotel. The service was great, they have umbrellas you can borrow for those rainy, windy days. It's a great spot to shop, go for dinner, see the sights. We would recommend this hotel. It's not a cheap hotel but is great.Just around the block are two great restaurants, The Grand Luxe Cafe (beware, the portions here are huge!) and Heaven on Seven (amazing, particularly if you love proper soul food).	
Jan 14 2009 	Fresh and Friendly!	We were very pleased with our stay at the James. It served our needs perfectly. We came to Chicago to see the Cubs play but wanted to visit downtown as well.The location of the hotel was excellent. Within walking distances to bars, shopping and lots of fun. Also a trader Joes located across the street to pick up some healthy snacks and refreshments.The hotel decor was a bit trendy than we are use to but it was very comfortable. The hotel staff could not be better. From check in to check out (5 days), they were most helpful. Even lent me an umbrella when I forgot mine upstairs. Room service was fast and reasonably priced. Will definitely stay there again!	
Jan 10 2009 	Fantastic James!	Myself, my four sisters and my mother stayed here in October 2008 for 5 memorable nights in Chicago. The main purpose of our trip was for shopping and also to visit family. We arrived at the hotel very tired and weary after a long flight from Ireland and from that moment until we left we were treated extremely well.The hotel itself is located a block from the famous Magnificant Mile (Michigan Avenue), so for those looking to shop til they drop the location could not be better. Check-in was a breeze and very efficient. When we arrived at our rooms, it almost took our breath away. We were greeted by the subtle tones of relaxing music from the stereo playing in our room, and lovely subtle lighting. The decor of the room was understated and stylish, without being over the top. There was bathrobes and slippers and complimentary treats left out for us from the David Burke restaurant which is located in the hotel. In the bathroom the complimentary toiletries were by Kiehl's which was an extra nice touch. Let me just say, that we slept like babies for the duration of our stay, such was the comfort of the beds and the room itself.Unfortunately, we did not get the opportunity to eat in the signature restaurant or bar during our stay, but we did drink in the lobby bar which was very pleasant and we did have some bar snacks which were delicious, not the usual greasy fodder.For anybody on their first trip to the Windy City, this hotel for me ticked all the right boxes. Great location, excellent service, beautifully appointed rooms, and well worth the price we paid.I want to say a special thank you to the guys on the concierge desk who looked after us so well and went the extra mile for us. Some highlights of our trip were the following;1. Gurnee Mills, Shopping Mall - this is a shopping mall upstate  which is a paradise for those who want to get designer  shopping at rock bottom prices2. The Grand Luxe Cafe, Michigan Ave - Great value for money  and extensive menu for either lunch or dinner.3. Navy Pier - it's a Chicago staple, but what more can I say, you  have to see it at least once.4. The Museum of Science &amp; Industry - if you're going to do  something different please go and visit this museum, it is  absolutely fantastic and well worth a visit.All in all, we had a wonderful visit to Chicago and even though the city itself made it wonderful I would say that the James made it extra special for us.	
Jan 8 2009 	Great Business Hotel - Suitable for city shopping trip	Room:I stayed in the 16thz floor. 2 double bed room. The room has a decent size. Equipment is state of the art. The Furniture are stylish. Room Size was very nice. I could have left my big suitcase opened throughout the stay (which rarely happens in most hotels ;))42&quot; LCD ScreenComplimentary WiFi in the roomThe bed and pillows are of extrodinary quality which provided an excellent deep sleep to me.LocationLocated quite central. Shopping streets are in reach of 5 minutes by feet. Midway Airport is in reach by cab within 30 minutes (~30 USD).Service- Spa and Fitness exists - though I did not use.- Restuarant (not used)- Business Center- Very friendly and helpful staff. (even printed our boarding passes at the reception)I do travel frquently, and do recommend this hotel for a business stay, as also for an overnight with friends going shopping, partying whatever in the city center of Chicago. Pricing was very moderate for teh standard being provided at a downtown hotel.	
Jan 3 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed at the James Hotel for New Year's Eve and it was a wonderful experience. Probably best hotel we've stayed at in Chicago in a while. The location is excellent. Just about a block from Michigan Avenue and several places to choose from for dinner - all within walking distance. Everything went very smooth. All the staff members were VERY friendly and made us feel very welcome the entire time we were there. The decor of the hotel is very modern - which made it very different and interesting. It's not my personal taste, but it was a nice change and very fun. Swanky is the word that comes to mind. The rooms are very clean, the beds are VERY comfortable, and the products in the bathroom are top notch. From start to finish we had a great experience at this hotel. We are already planning a return trip to Chicago in late January to celebrate a birthday and plan to stay at the James Hotel again.By far the nicest hotel we've been to during our weekend stays in Chicago.	
Jan 1 2009	Loved the James	Just returned to Seattle after a visit home to Chicago and I loved The James!!! Recently stayed at the Ritz at Water Tower and the Dana around the corner--both of which were great but The James was perfect. Secured the room through a package w/ American Express for a great deal so though the view wasn't great the space, decor and location can't be beat. Staff was friendly, courteous and very helpful, the gym was substantial and though I didn't try the restaurants/room service, the menus looked yummy. I've stayed in Chgo in that area on avg 1-2s/mo over the past three years and the James is at the top my list now. If you can get a good deal, I highly recommend!!	
Dec 5 2008 	Good but not great	Stayed there three nights for a large annual conference in Chicago. A lot of people flock the city for this one. Happy to have tried it, will look for something else next time. Good things: courteous staff; nice, clean well kept room (a suite); plenty of fine amenities; good wireless in rooms, steakhouse restaurant is worth the moneyBad things: breakfast service in restaurant was bad, took very long to get my order; my room at the end of the inner &quot;courtyard&quot; was dark, they were out of adaptors although this must be an annual issue with so many europeans visiting at once (Walgreens had a stock!) there is a smoking section in the hotel i had to walk through to get to my room, room were not noise proof, could hear other guests, wireless in the lobby did not work.Personally: little too trendy, too little heart to be great. Advice: if you do stay there, get a room on the outside, check if breakfast service is running normally, otherwise have either room service or go to another place for breakfast, DO check out the steakhouse, good service good food.	
Dec 4 2008 	Don't know what the fuss is about	Spent 7 nights in Chicago, 3 of those at James, was disappointed overall, probably as we spent first 4 nights at Sofitel. There was no comparisson, for starters it cost us considerably more for 3 nights at James compared to 4 nights in an amazing room at Sofitel Water Tower. Room at James was basic to say least, decor was dull, drap and boring throughout hotel. a few attempts to funk it up failed, there just was no theme or taste. Our biggest gripe is that we could not enjoy a hot shower during our stay, the water was tepid at best, staff said it was because they were at full capacity, just not good enough. We were to front of hotel where it was quite noisy. We were charged 8 dollar per bottle water left out each evening, perhaps a note should be left to advise this, very misleading and very expensive. On the plus, the door man was fantastic, helpful and friendly and turn down service was lovely, however considering all will not return, Sofitel Water Tower is miles ahead in every department.	
Dec 2 2008 	Funky Modern Fun Hotel	I stayed here for a bachelorette party and it was great. The rooms are big enough to hang out in - plus I love the bench seat that was in the room. They have Kiehl's products (reason why we chose the hotel). The location is awesome as it's only a block away from the Magnificent Mile and while we were there - a famous R&amp;B singer was also staying there. If it's good enough for a celebrity... :) The el stop is about 2-3 blocks away - it's not a bad walk (Red Line - Grand stop)	
Dec 1 2008 	Wonderfully Dog Friendly!	My husband and I booked this hotel because of it's location and also because we wanted to bring our 70lb. bulldog with us. I found this hotel using dogfriendly.com, and they didn't disappoint! As soon as we pulled up the doorman had a dog biscuit ready for our pup. There was also food/water dishes already in the room.The hotel was very nice and pleasant. My only complaints are very minor. There was no fridge in our room, not enough wastebaskets, and there was no bedside lamp.Otherwise, the doormen and concierge were extremely helpful and very warm and friendly. We really enjoyed our stay!	
Nov 18 2008 	Fab Time @ The James	Stayed on business. Was upgraded to a loft suite. Hotel was beautifully appointed, superbly located and dead sexy. Room was completely over the top with second &quot;media bed&quot; (large projection screen tv, dvd player, surround sound...bow chicka bow wow), great bath amenities, wet bar, etc etc. Also loved the lobby bar scene &amp; food and service @ check in.	
Nov 14 2008	EXCELLENT from start to end	I believe I can not describe how amazing was our stay at The James. Service was impecable, from the door man to the front desk. Location could not be better. Yes, you can hear the ambulances in the street from the 14th floor, but, come on, you are downtown, what do you expect....Overall noise was not in a level to bother us.The only minor incident was a cleaner that tried to open our room to clean at 9 pm...PM not AM? Go figure...	
Nov 10 2008	Hard to beat	Great beds, great baths, great service overall, great location. Avoid top floor rooms because of noise from the air conditioning units. Regulating room temperature can get a little challenging. Spa is mediocre and overpriced. Concierge was wrong on lyric opera times, so we were 1/2 hour late. Parking is expensive.	
Nov 10 2008 	Great Location Great Hotel	—I booked a room at the James for my husband's birthday last weekend. Firstly, David Burke's Primehouse is one of Chicago's top 10 best steakhouses, and is located in the James. This is a draw if you want to eat at a top-notch, top dollar steakhouse right in your hotel. But if you don't, there are plenty of really great restaurants literally right out the door, and within a 2 block radius. —The hotel lobby has a contemporary, sleek decor that certainly appeals to anyone with an artistic eye and who appreciates the combination of nature and modern design in their aesthetic. I love the birch, or maybe aspen, trees throughout the lobby, as well as the energized, fun, upbeat feel. It appeals to young and old(er).—The bar is also in the lobby, or rather at one end of the lobby - and this is the only downfall of this entire place. We've had drinks here twice, both times in November, when the Chicago wind suddenly becomes frigid. The bar is cold. There are doors on both sides that are opening (even being held open by doormen) while patrons arrive and depart, each time allowing a *blast* of cold air to hit anyone sitting in the low comfy couches and chairs. It was really poor planning. It's a bar you'd like to hang out in - just has the misfortune of being placed in what feels very much like a mere extension of the busy lobby, and like you are part of any weather system currently hitting Chicago.—On to the rooms - they are fabulous. Ours was a queen studio, great couch and chair choices, large mirrors and a very urban loft type feel. Yet, everything is smart. It's all practical and purposeful while having a clean look and comfortable feel. I felt immediately like 'this is my apartment.' And speaking of comfort - the bed was divine. Linens and coverings, all white, all fluffy and comfy and ready to make you not want to get out of bed in the morning. I say, don't! There is a coffee maker in the room, but free good coffee in the lobby, free papers, and once back upstairs, a flatscreen TV by the bed. (Of course there is always room service, breakfast from Burke's. I do suggest a luxurious morning in.) Our studio also had a larger flat screen in the living area, two big closets, a large bathroom (again, appointed the way you wish yours were at home) a sidebar piece with small bar sink, several premium bottles of spirits, including a wine key, and a great little sound system. And they pack all this into a tiny space, while still making it feel both spacious and cozy. (And quiet, even right by the elevator.) Well done, James!—The only minor downer about the room for me was the bathtub. Again, looks fabulous with long, chocolate tiles surrounding it and a cloth shower curtain. Now, most people avoid taking an actual bath in a hotel. However, sometimes it's necessary. I happened to need a soak when we were visiting, and it was the most uncomfortable I've ever been lying down. No place to rest my head without my chin jammed into my chest. No little ledge, nothing. Could The James provide at *least* a bath pillow? That would have helped tremendously. I know most of you will, but, stick to a shower.—The location of this hotel is perfect. Shopping and great restaurants are *literally* paces from the front doors. And by that I mean across the street and on the same block - and with in a mere 2 block range you could be fed and clothed for life. —If you're trying to decide where to stay in Chicago - I highly recommend the James. (My last name is James, but no relation! The hotel is named for James Dean.) And the place is not just for young hipsters, though you will encounter many cool young staff members - good energy, very helpful folks. If you stay at The James, I hope you're experience is as fun as ours was. :)ps - David Burke's Primehouse is amazingly good. Be ready to drop some coin, but wow! And it was recently listed high in the top 20 best steakhouses in the city in Chicago magazine. (I have other restaurant rec's in the vicinity if you're looking.)	
Nov 4 2008 	the best!	We stayed in The James for a week, and it was the best week ever...The James has a perfect location, a super friendly and helpful staff, a beautiful modern design, nice plasma TV ;), and is clean, secure and comfortable. On top of that you are close to the best places to eat and close to the best places to shop….. it is perfect!	
Nov 3 2008	Good but expected better	My stay at The James in Chicago over the weekend was pretty good. I remember when this building housed the Lennox House hotel, so the makeover was pretty impressive. The look is minimal and hip. Contemporary art, especially photography, is displayed throughout the building. Check-in was simple. I arrived early but this was not a problem. I asked for two beds instead of one, and this request also was accommodated. The front desk person asked me if I’d like a higher or lower floor. I picked higher and was assigned t a room on the 15th floor.The rooms have already been described here – very white with minimal furnishings: two beds, a table between the beds, a long bench in front of the window that contained two drawers, a dresser-like piece with the mini-bar items and tow more drawers, and a small nook with a padded seat plus a small table. The bathroom has a very small entry room containing a closet-like cabinet with shelves, hangers, and a safe. The bathroom was nicely done with grey tiles on the floor and white fixtures.As others had mentioned, there was an odd smell in the nook. This smell (reminiscent of dirty feet) probably came from the upholstered seat – either the padding or the covering. This musty smell pretty much stayed in the small nook and did not permeate the room. Housekeeping’s attempt to spray for the smell only temporarily alleviated the problem.Some of my observations:PROS:- The beds were incredibly comfortable. I thought Westin had great beds, but the mattress, sheeting, and pillows were maybe the best I’ve encountered in a hotel.- After looking around, I realized there was a lot of storage space in the room.- Kiehl products in the bathroom were great – their Amino Acid shampoo is one of my favorites and I now have a 2.2 oz bottle to refill for future travels. - The selection of newspapers for guests was good. USA today was delivered on Monday morning. No paper was delivered on Sunday morning but the New York Times and Chicago Tribune were available for guests (gratis) at the front desk. The Wall Street Journal joins these newspapers on other days.- Having 3 computers in the lobby area (two Windows and one Mac) for guests meant I never had to wait for a computer when I wanted one. I also brought my laptop and had no trouble accessing the free Wi-Fi from my hotel room. Kudos for the free Wi-Fi. - In addition to the sheeting, the towels were top notch. So were the bath robes.- Great workout room.- Each hotel employee I encountered was cheerful and friendly. When I contacted maintenance, they came up within minutes. They fixed a very slow drain in the bathtub so that it drained easily my second day.- The location was great. Across the street is a Starbucks, Trader Joes, and a good restaurant called Farmerie 58. After a good lunch, we returned for an even better dinner the next evening. Didn’t try room service or the in-house restaurant.CONS:- For a hotel that classifies itself as 5 stars, the room seemed a bit worn. The cylindrical light fixture on the floor by the window was obviously stained and dented. One of the three pictures above one bed was missing and the hanging hardware was still in the wall. The alarm clock had a nice feature to project the time on the ceiling, but that feature didn’t work properly (only half the display was visible even after setting the focus). To lock the safe, I had to push hard on the door.- The cookies that were left at turndown were not very good. (Did I really just complain about cookies?)- Lighting was hit and miss. The lights above the bed could be adjusted for reading, but there were not individual controls for each bed so both had to be set at the same level. The bathroom proper had good lighting but the small entryway with the closet fixture did not. Why did they put up a full length mirror and then not provide any lighting in the dressing area?- The outside noise wasn’t a problem until 3 am on the last night. The garbage was picked up and this was a noisy event. Being on the 15th floor, I didn’t expect that to be so annoying. Those staying on lower floors must have been even more annoyed.- Although there was plenty of hot water for a shower, the sink produced only warm water.- Speaking of the sink, I didn’t like the shallowness which was not conducive to complete draining.Other than the noise from the garbage trucks, none of these complaints were major. However, there were just a few too many of them for a self-proclaimed 5 star property.I would stay at The James again if the price were right, but normally the price doesn’t look right for this property. If I could stay at the Park Hyatt or Trump International for about the same price, I’d pick either of the other two hotels. I find The James to be similar to the Affinia – The James has better service but the Affinia has newer and better rooms for what is often a lower price.	
Oct 31 2008 	Fine--but definitely overpriced and overhyped	First, there were problems getting an accurate rate for our room. The issue required a manager's involvement.When we did check it--to an upgraded suite--I have to admit I was disappointed. The walls are paper thin (I could hear a regular conversation in the next room). I asked to be moved to another room as soon as I checked in, because I suspected that the noise would get to me. We could hear conversations in the hall as well. The desk service was inconsistent--sometimes incredibly hospitable and genuine; at other times, abrupt and almost rude. The decor is underwhelming. The &quot;minimalist&quot; aesthetic is impractical in some respects (there's no bedside table on one side of the bed, leaving me to put my water and eyeglasses on the headboard). The bathrooms (of the suites, at least) were a good size. The concierge misled me about the time it would take to reach the hotel from an airport shuttle (he said that the James is usually the second stop for the shuttle, when in fact it was the last). I don't think that the hotel warrants the spendy prices it charges. If my room had been about $60 less, I would be less apt to complain, but for this rate, one expects impeccable service and a luxurious room. The James let us down.	
Oct 27 2008 	Great for the Location Didn't Meet The Hype	The James is one of those &quot;super swank&quot; hotels as I like to term it. The service was fantastic and was a place I always wanted to try out because I often passed it while staying at other hotels in the area and it always seemed to be really hip &amp; high-end. Before I continue, I would like to preface the following by stating that I stay at a lot of high-end hotels (mostly Starwood for what it's worth) so my review is much more critical than the average traveller.First off, the service &amp; bed were awesome...I think it's even better than the Westin's &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot;. The pillows seemed to be made from real down and were also incredibly comfortable, actually, the Pillows &amp; Mattress were the best I've ever had a hotel all together (this includes places like Westin's, &quot;W&quot;s, Four Seasons, &amp; Ritz Carlton's to name a few)! The room was very &quot;Chic&quot; and high-end, however, there were some significant drawbacks. I personally thought it was a VERY small room for the price and since it was rated something like #23 in the Contiental US &amp; Canada by Travel &amp; Leisure Magazine. I think the &quot;W&quot; Chicago Lakeshore has a much larger room (probably 25% larger) with similar design &amp; &quot;swankiness&quot;, and I still wouldn't call the &quot;W&quot; Lakeshore's rooms big! At the James, there was only about 2 feet of clearance between the foot of the bed and the wall which also hung a nice 42&quot; plasma. While the 42&quot; plasma was nice, it was a tight squeeze by the bed &amp; TV and the only other place to watch TV was a small sitting chair. There was also a small &quot;nook&quot; area off to the side where someone could sit, but it was out of view of the TV and everything else in the room. The other big drawback was that there wasn't any type of normal business work area in the room or any type of business chair to sit in. This isn't an issue for the leisure traveller, but is a BIG issue for a business traveller because there wasn't a place to get comfortable and do some work if needed. The only place was the &quot;nook&quot;, and it was out of view of the TV and was set-up more as a little sitting area verses a working space. It's also an issue for the leisure traveller that likes a sitting area to kick-back in and watch some TV without laying in bed.Overall, it's a great place to stay with an awesome location. However, the room was a little small and not set-up well for the average business traveller.	
Oct 22 2008 	Wonderful hotel	Stayed at the James for 4 nights. Thought I had died and gone to heaven. Superb room. Bed had pillow top and was about 6 foot wide. Massive T.V. on wall. Fully stocked fridge. Coffee maker. Free slippers and dressing gowns. Maid service twice a day. Pillow has small sweet or biscuit placed on it in the evening. Excellent air conditioning.One evening the T.V. would not switch on and the engineer came immediatly and fixed it.Staff were all very friendly and helpful.Would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 11 2008 	"Lap of luxury"	Loved the James hotel in Chicago. We stayed there on a girlfriends trip for a concert. We were treated like rockstars from the moment we entered the hotel. The staff was excellent, knowledgable, and very accommodating. It felt wonderful to have the door opened for us and to be treated like ladies. The rooms were chic, the room service was prompt and not unreasonably priced. I would highly recommend this boutique hotel.	
Oct 7 2008 	Not impressed	I just returned from a 2 night stay at the hotel. I had requested a high floor, quiet room. Neither request was honored. The windows are not well insulated, because the traffic, car horns and sirens continued all night long. On the first night two drunk parties woke us up in the hallway. The safe in our room did not work. Someone had locked it before our arrival. One of the pictures under the tv had been removed, leaving a screw sticking out of the wall. The lights are so dim, that is next to impossible to read. A small alcove with a stained bench had a &quot;reading light&quot; that was about 50 watts. Our room key cards didn't work, so we returned to the lobby where they recoded them. Upon returning to our room, they didn't work again and we stood there trying over and over again until finally we succeeded with no help from the staff. The bathroom is small and has no fan, so the steam covers the mirrors, and unless you leave the bathroom door open, it does not clear. On Friday night one small cookie was left in our room. What about a second guest. Are we supposed to split a 2 inch diameter cookie???!!!! On Sunday the phone rang with a 7 am wakeup call. We had not requested to be woken up!!!! The concierge did not know the way to get to O'Hare by train, and gave us a longer route than was necessary. I have stayed in much better hotels in Chicago...quieter and more spacious, more elegant and worth the money. This is definitely not worth $400 a month. (By the way, I live in Washington, DC and am used to city noise. This was unacceptable!)	
Oct 5 2008 	Definitely Recommend!!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the hotel for 4 days. I like this is hotel for several reasons: • The location is great. It’s one block away from the Magnificent Mile, walking distance to several neat boutiques and well-known restaurants, such as Giordano’s, the Rosebud, Gino’s East, Pizzeria Uno, Roy’s, Lawry’s, and Tru, just to name a few. Right across from the hotel is a Trader’s Joe’s and a Starbucks. Metro station and bus stops are also a block away, which makes getting to places really easy. • I also like the décor of the hotel. The lobby is very simple and clean. The room is very modern, sharp, and pretty to look at. Our room was on the 14th floor. It was a pretty decent size room. The only problem was that the room had a strong odor when we checked in. I think another reviewer mentioned the same thing. We reported it to the front desk, and they sent someone to “refresh” the room for us, but it didn’t help. We ended up using my perfume and my boyfriend’s cologne everyday to freshen up the room. To be fair, the odor came and went during our stay and we couldn’t figure out where it came from.Aside from this minor problem, everything else about the room is great. You get a full set of Kiehl’s products in the bathroom, wireless internet access, daily Danish/cookies for the room, stereo system that is iPod-compatible, and white crispy linen and fluffy down comforter. • The staffs were very friendly and helpful. Whenever we needed assistance, whether it was restaurant recommendation or directions to places, they had always offered their best effort. Personally I found their services genuine and quite impressive.	
Oct 2 2008 	Nice place but be careful	Overall this is a nice hotel if you like modern decor. We were initially placed in an exterior room, but the street noise was incredibly loud so we moved to an interior room. The rooms (we had a loft suite) are large and very cool. My complaint with the hotel is specifically about the conceirge. I was celebrating my birthday that weekend and both my good friend and my boss seperately ordered drinks and chocolate covered strawberries to be sent to my room upon arrival. The female conceirge who I will not name, but who trust me will hear from me, did not place the notes that were supposed to be sent with the gifts, but instead wrote a note from the hotel thanking us for staying with them! Can you believe they took the credit! Of course I am horrified and embarrased when days later I am approached by both my friend and boss to ask if I enjoyed the gifts! At $400 a night I expect more.	
Oct 2 2008 	Triumph of Style over Substance	As a fan of this property when it was &quot;The Lenox Suites&quot; I have been waiting for a long time to try The James but have had to wait for years to get a deal that I could afford ( Expedia ) as the normal rack rate is prohibitively expensive.I was not encouraged by the hotels own web-site which is very sparse on practical information.Sadly, The James did disappoint to a degree without ever really giving cause for serious complaint.It is a visually stunning hotel and there is an air of quality throughout. The fixtures and fittings fall within the &quot;boutique&quot;, style and for people who like that kind of thing, they will absolutely love The James. The investment made in renovating the property appears to be considerable ( sad then, that in our room the enamel in the bath was peeling and the air-conditioner was faulty ).They definitely try to encourage a feeling of exclusivity here, helped by impresssively attentive staff and the already mentioned rack rate of $400+. To be fair they do pull that off to a great degree.If you can afford that kind of money and are in town for only one or two nights, then this is a hotel that should seriously be considered.However, for somebody like me who generally stays in Chicago from 3 to 5 nights, then The James is totally impractical.For one thing there is absolutely no closet space in some of the rooms. We were forced to store most of our clothes on the floor !. The room furniture, though very stylish and contemporary, is not what I would call comfortable. The James is all about visual presentation and for me it lacks the necessary comfort and intimacy that I always look for in a hotel. I need a home away from home and in that regard I realised very quickly that I do not fit into their target demographic. Nor to be fair, did I expect The James to meet all of my criteria for the perfect hotel.This would probably explain why I was impressed with aspects of what The James offers and yet did not like it overall. The ceiling projection alarm clocks, the remarkably unobtrusive housekeeping staff, free in-room wireless internet access and the latest check-out time that I have ever experienced ( very welcome ) are things that The James should be commended for, as they are unique in my experience.However, I came away feeling that this was one location where I would always expect more for the money.	
Sep 22 2008 	Great Location	Two night weekend stay at The James was great. Our room, 414, must have been a handicap room because it was very large for a single king room, but had no bathtub - which was odd. The only drawback was that the shower curtain would &quot;attack&quot; you since there was no tub to restrain it.The bed was very comfortable and we had no issues with noise even through there was a party in the first floor lounge the 2nd night.Conceriage was very helpful. Found a bar nearby that my boyfriend could watch his football game at and got us last minute tickets to a sold out tour.	
Sep 17 2008 	The James made my honeymoon GREAT!	From the moment we arrived, the staff at the James and the hotel itself wowed me and my husband. When we booked our trip, we mentioned that we were coming for our honeymoon. Upon arrival, the front desk staff informed us that they upgraded us to a loft suite (which was absolutely amazing) and also gave us a gift that our family had sent for us.The suite had a fantastic view, was modern and clean, and was full of luxurious amenities (especially the robes). I loved the Kiehls bath products and the bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. The crisp white linens were a pleasure to snuggle into!We spent some time in the JBar, the bar affiliated with the hotel and accessible with a very, very quick walk around the corner from the front door. Our waitress was so friendly and the food was delicious and not too pricey.The hotel staff quickly responded to my needs, bringing a stack of bandaids when I asked for only one and quickly bringing more coffee pods when we wanted more than just one cup apiece. The concierge spent more than enough time with us when we asked him for a suggestion for dinner, even giving us printouts and maps.The music in the hotel was soothing and modern and even played in the elevator.I can't say enough good things about this place! I highly recommend it to couples out for a romantic getaway.It's location is so perfect! So close to the Magnificent Mile and all of the great downtown restaurants.	
Sep 17 2008 	Please Don't Stay Here!!!	The service was horrible. I went for Easter weekend. I left my dress in the closet and went back 45 minutes after I checked out only to be told that the room had been cleaned and nothing was left. I purposly left a broken curling iron and an empty bottle of perfume...but that was &quot;never seen&quot; in the room either. If you plan on staying here anyway make sure your name is listed on the room. I went with a friend who reserved the room and we split up for the day. When I returned (I forgot my key) they refused to let me in even after my friend called on the phone. I had to wait in the lobby for an hour while she was stuck in traffic.	
Sep 12 2008 	James is so-so	My husband and I stayed at the James for Labor Day weekend. We choose the James because of a special rate they had for studio suites. I think my expectations were a little too high after reading the reviews on this site and seeing that the hotel was ranked 29 in the world by readers of Travel &amp; Leisure. In my opinion, there is no way the James beats the Park Hyatt or even the junior suite at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. I am a constant visitor to Chicago and have made the rounds of almost every hotel on or near Michigan Avenue, and the James is just average. What is all the hype about? Our room had some issues. The first room we were given was smelly, to the point that I called and asked for a new room. The second room was fine, no smell, and the set-up was interesting with a tiny TV area with a couch (stained) and a coffee table, then a bedroom area with a nice bed and a little bench with some drawers. The hallway area had a little wet bar, which I thought was a cute touch. The bathroom was not great - the sink was more style over substance and there is a combo bath/shower. Our shower drain did not work the entire time we were there. We also had to request towels as only 2 were in the room. Some of the furniture was chipped or stained, and a few of the light switches were missing their covers. The elevators are small and slow and at busier times (Saturday morning and evening) we had to wait for a few elevators to go before getting on. I also took issue with the lack of a view - I have never stayed in Chicago without a view of at least Michigan Ave, if not the lake and/or river. Our view was of an interior courtyard. The decor is fun, but I feel like I've seen a nearly identical wallpaper and photos before, perhaps at the W Times Square. The hotel did not seem like a boutique hotel to me, just another trendy chain (or chain in the making).There was some extremely loud music and flashing lights coming from the hotel's conference center late on Sunday night. Luckily it didn't bother us much, but it could be a problem.I was disappointed by Primehouse. We went for the American dim sum brunch. Great idea but horrible execution. The restaurant was not at all crowded but service was horrible. We never got a visit from two of the carts, which is sad when there are 6 or 7 carts total, 10 tables in the dining room with customers, and there is a checklist on the table saying which carts have visited. Some &quot;signature&quot; items come straight from the kitchen, like the sliders and the kobe corn dogs, and we just never received them. Not the end of the world, but evidence of very poor management.Some things I did like: very nice door staff and front desk staff; turn-down service with cookies was cute, although two nights they left only one cookie for two people (didn't need two, just weird); the Kiehl's products are nice; and the location is good, although 15 other hotels have as good of a location. Would I stay here again? Maybe, for the right price. Would I include this hotel in the same category as the Four Seasons, Park Hyatt? Definitely not. If I want a luxury experience, I'm staying elsewhere. Chicago is a wonderful, wonderful city with so many wonderful hotels - the James is definitely not the only game in town. Maybe this was just a case of me having too high of expectations.	
Sep 4 2008 	Great location service 	The James lived up to all the reviews. I booked a package (air &amp; hotel) on expedia and got a good rate for the hotel. We arrived before check-in and our room was not quite ready. The desk associate was very helpful, offered to hold our luggage, and to call us as soon as the room was available. We decided to go eat lunch. We barely made it a block when the hotel called to say our room was ready and we could check in at any time.The location of the hotel can't be beat. It is one block from North Michigan Avenue. Everything we wanted to visit was easily accessible. The El train is a few blocks away - within walking distance. There are also several bus stops within a block of the hotel making it easy to get around. We purchased vistor passes for the CTA (public transit) and it worked out great. A two day pass is $9.00.The room looks just like the pictures. We were in room 414 and had a king bed. The bed was extremely comfortable. The plasma TV with HBO was wonderful. The bathroom is large and stocked with Khiels products (a nice touch). There were also two plush robes. The desk, bell, and cleaning staff were wonderful. The room was visited twice a day by the cleaning staff - once in the morning to make up the room (make the bed, pick up used towels and leave clean towels). Then for turn down service - the staff would leave cookies and fill the ice bucket. The desk and bell staff could not have been more helpful with directions. It was our first trip to Chicago and although we knew what we wanted to see we were unsure how to get there. Ask for a map of the bus and train routes at the desk - it is extremely helpful in getting around the city. The one drawback we found at the hotel was the concierge. I had called the hotel two days before we arrived the inquired about Cubs tickets. Toni took down my e-mail address and cell phone number. She said she would check on the availability of tickets and get back to me. I never heard from her. When we arrived at the hotel I waited to speak to the concierge. I explained that I had spoken to Toni and had not heard back from her. The woman at the desk did not introduce herself or apologize for the lack of response, but told me the tickets would be very hard to come by and would be at least $100 a ticket. I told her I had read a review on the internet indicating that standing room only tickets were available on the day of the game. She said she had been in Chicago a long time and had never heard of that. She made no attempt to check on that information for me. We were able to buy tickets to the game on labor day at the box office. We purchased box seats right behind the cubs dugout for $66/ticket. Standing room tickets were also available. Additionally we had purchased tickets to see a show at Second City. The concierge recommended we take a cab because the neighborhood was not the safest. However, she did say we could take the #36 bus and it would take us right to the theater. We took the bus, however, the theater was two blocks from the bus stop. Not a big deal, but not what we were told. After the show we walked around the neighborhood. It looked perfectly safe to us. It was actually a nice section of Old Town. The attitude we encountered from the concierge was at best condescending. It appeared to us that if you were willing to spend alot the concierage was helpful, but if you were on a budget they couldn't be bothered. My advice is get your directions from the desk and bell staff and avoid the concierage desk. The computers in the lobby are also helpful - we used them several times.	
Sep 2 2008 	Great location.	We stayed at the James for 5 nights,after a few teething troubles[the safe did not work nor did the plug in the sink] we were eventually upgraded to a studio suite, very comfortable with a view over a flat roof.The hotel is smart ,staff on the whole very helpful and friendly but there is something lacking,I would stay there again because of the location and if I could manage to get a good rate[I booked though expedia] The hotel has some very high finishes in the decor ,let down by flimsy plastic light switches and frayed shower curtains.The towels were lovely so were the toiletries and the turn down service is a nice touch.So this is a bit of a mixed review,but on the whole a comfortable,clean place to stay in the wonderful city of Chicago.	
Sep 2 2008 	Exceptional	We stayed over Labor Day wkend. Fantastic Location! Luved the boutique style of the hotel. We enjoyed the atmosphere of the lobby in the evenings. The rooms were very nice. We were upgraded to a studio. The retro fruniture was a nice break from the chain hotels we've stayed at before. The dimmer switches on all the lights were a nice treat. It felt like we were staying at an apartment not a hotel. The bar set up and the CD player was a nice touch. We especially enjoyed the turndown service provided along with the comfy robes &amp; slippers. We appreciated the excellent service and free computer access. There was a sbucks on the corner which was great in the mornings. The Pan-Asian restaurant across the street was fantastic! We also enjoyed the location to Rush St. In case anyone is interested in restaurant suggestions...the Travern at the Park on Rush was a great place too! Would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 31 2008 	Believe the Hype	My stay at the The James was perfect. My room was thoughtfully designed: the lighting, the storage space, the bar area, the eating nook and everything else in the room was purposeful and pretty to look at. The staff was friendly and and genuinely accomadating.The restaurant (Primehouse) echoed the above. Great service and one of the best steaks I've had in a very long time.	
Aug 26 2008 	Loved this hotel	Stayed for 2 nights at The James, wonderful location 2 mins walk to Michigan Avenue with all the shops.Staff here were all incredibly helpful and genuinely friendly. Nothing was too much trouble.Rooms are huge and the beds the most comfortable I have slept in. Room was very clean, had separate seating area with sofa and chairs with a 42in flat screen tv. There was a bar area with stereo, mini bar and coffee maker. There was another flat screen tv in the bedroom area. Bathroom very good with complimentary shampoo, conditioner, shower gel and body lotion.Hotel is also &quot;pet friendly&quot;. There was even a large bowl of iced water and a barrel of dog biscuits at the front door of the hotel !!!. Pets even had their own options on the room sevice menu.	
Aug 12 2008 	Loved The James	My wife and I stayed at The James at the end of July. We absolutely loved it. We go to Chicago every year to get away and we will always check rates at the James first.,I felt the rooms were immaculate, with fantastic beds, and an awesome mini-bar with top-shelf liquors. I also thought the flat-screen plasma TV's were great.The location is also perfect, well within walking distance to most everything. We were very pleased with the service we received the entire time we were there.Our only complaint was that there was not any kind of ventilation or fan in the bathroom, so it would get pretty hot in there. But that was easily overlooked based on the service and rooms.	
Aug 10 2008	The James = average	The James is a &quot;trendy&quot; hotel with good-size rooms, and decent service. The rooms are noisy with music blasting until 12.30am because of various events on the 3rd floor. Overall, I was not impressed with the quality of the service and would not stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 4 2008 	Enjoyed the James	My husband and I spent 4 nights at the James at the end of July. We stayed in a studio suite which was 450 square feet and quite spacious. The bathroom was large and they offered Kiehls bath products which were nice. The bed was extremely comfortable and we had a quite room on the 12th floor.Although the room was nice, staff courteous and very helpful we did not like the restaurant at all. The food was below average as was the slow service. Our waiter asked us what we ordered 30 seconds after we just told him and there was no one else in the restaurant so it's not as if he had alot of orders to remember. The first morning I ordered Belgain waffles with cream and berries -- there were 3 berries and the cream was cool whip! The restaurant prides itself on their reknowned chef -- I guess he must of been on holidays when we were there!The lobby of the hotel is very nice but small. The bar though offeres complimentary coffee in the mornings although no one did mention this to us at check-in and I didn't discover this until the morning we were leaving. There are desk top computers in the lobby for email and internet use which was great. The concierge's were pleasant and very helpful.Make sure when you call to make a reservation that you ask about all their packages. Apparently there was a parking package where your parking is included for each night during the summer months. I had asked about the packages when I booked and the reservations agent did not tell us about this package and it wasn't until we were at the hotel did my husband notice it on the internet. When we asked to have our parking inculded it was abit of an ordeal however the manager did go ahead and take the $46 a day parking off our bill which was great.All and all we thought the James was nice but needed some fine tuning. The turn down service was nice as was the different cookie they put on your bed at night. The robes in the room were a nice touch and housekeeping did a good job. I may stay again but probley not as I enjoy trying new places unless we had a great experience.	
Jul 31 2008 	Brilliant	Thoroughly enjoyed my stay here.Excellent location - mins from shopping!The service was absolutely superb - from the doormen, to the waiters to the lovely staff in the spa (which was great value).the restraunt is excellent value for very tasty and generous steaks. We had a deal for room service breakfast which was lovely. The room was comfortable, quiet and complete with every entertainment need. I loved the Kiehls toileteries!Our toilet blocked the first night we stayed there - which is a not a pleasant experience at all, but the reaction of the night porter and the staff was so good, we practically forgot about it there and then.	
Jul 30 2008 	Loved the James.	Just wanted to say we loved the James. I agree with all the other reviews... the location was fabulous, the staff wonderful and the bed was out of the world. The concierge were all so helpful and all their suggestions were great. I have to say one of best mini vacations we have had in a long time. I had read the elevator was noisy so i asked my room to be away from the it and they put me in a room that i couldn't hear anything. The little extras were great... robes, slippers, treats with turn down and Kiels shampoo made the stay so enjoyable. I would highly recommend to anyone staying in Chicago. If you go try to go the Cubs game and take the boat ride at night around 9:00 and enjoy looking at the city with all the lights. Wonderful.	
Jul 29 2008 	Best place I have stayed!	This is a great hotel! It's in a fantastic location, very handy for the shops on Magnificent Mile and there are loads of places to eat/drink very nearby. The service was perfect - very friendly but not intrusive. The atmosphere was spot on - trendy but not stand-offish. The beds are the best I've ever slept in and we loved the turn down service, complete with yummy biscuits, mood lighting and cheesy 80s pop on the radio! (you'd think they'd looked at our I-Pods!) The David Burke restaurant attached to the hotel is also superb. We ate there and were joined by various celebrities but again it all felt quite low key. The cheesecake Lollipop Tree is an absolute must. I could go on....wish I could have moved in forever!	
Jul 27 2008 	A cool oasis in Chicago	The James Hotel met and exceeded our expectations. A haven of cool, uncluttered comfort in a hot, crowded but congenial city. Located within steps of some of the greatest art, architecture, culinary and cultural opportunities anywhere in North America, the staff of the James provided us with a home away from home for the week we visited. The check-in was quick and flawless and the king suite a calm, restorative oasis. It is difficult to over-praise the friendly, attentive staff; this is a hotel that truly has its act together! The day before our visit ended, we experienced problems with the room's air conditioner. When the technician was unable to quickly solve the problem, we were immediately upgraded to a one-bedroom apartment with stunning views of the Chicago skyline. We eagerly await the opening of new James Hotels in other cities.	
Jul 17 2008 	Belive the hype!	Believe the hype! We were skeptal at frist this hotel had such great reviews , but we agree this is a great place to stay with a wonderful urban -mod-setting . The staff really went out of there way to make sure everything was prefect. The rooms were clean and confortable. Need i say more. The restuant was great, we had lunch and dinner. Dinner was prepeared wonderfuly. It was so good we dine there two evenings in a row. They also had a great wine list for the wine lovers. The hotel is laid back and you can enjoy congratgating in the lobby in the evening. It is in a busy part of chiago,so if you dont want to hear the street noise request an upper floor or the back side. The Location is great you are close to everything. There is a Starbucks across the street and Due Pizza( which is awesome too) next door.	
Jul 1 2008 	Fabo!	I was in Chicago for business and brought the family along. It was my first stay at the James, and we were all very pleased with the ammenities for both business and the for the kids. For me, there was free wireless internet, and printing services, and for the kids, there was a great restaurant, and turn-down service with cookies (complimentary). As an example of how well we were treated - our daughter lost her &quot;Coconut&quot; dog while we were out and we called the front desk for the phone number to the restaurant we had just left. When my husband explained what had happened, the front desk called the restaurant. Upon learning that Coconut was not there, the desk staff sent up cookies and milk and a note to our daughter saying that they were sorry she had lost her friend. (PS - Coconut was recovered from a bookstore they had visited). Overall, the James is clean, well-kept, and quiet. The beds are great, and the ammenities, such as the gym are also great. This is the only place to stay in Chicago. Don't miss the Dim Sum brunch on Sunday, either.	
Jun 30 2008 	Pretty Cool	It has a great design. Feels very cool. Service was excellent. Beds very comfortable. I dug it.	
Jun 29 2008 	Superb!	I stayed here with my 16year old from June 22nd thru to June 25th.....we had a 3 night whistle-stop visit planned to shop and sight-see!I would definately recommend The James. Check in was a breeze, quick and efficient and on entering the room we were very impressed with the 2 large double beds, plasma tv on the wall, full length mirror (my daughter thought this was great for viewing how she looked in her various outfits she bought!!!!), lovely bathroom, dressing robes and slippers - everything was so clean and chic!!!!The location of the James is 2nd to none....you walk out the door, turn right, take about 100 steps and you are on Michigan Avenue - the Magnificent Mile. This is where you will find all the shops, ranging from H&amp;M/Express (cheaper end of the market, but still great) to Chanel/Louis Vuitton....Again perfectly placed for numerous restaurants, you cant go wrong, TGI's, Rainforest Cafe,Mcdonalds, .... we ate at The Drake and Shaws CrabHouse (both a must if you go to Chicago) and everywhere is walkable from the James - you dont need taxi's.We didnt actually eat in the hotel, but found the staff to be excellent at their jobs - i wanted to buy some junior trainers for my son, but neither the Nike, Adidas or Puma sold his age group, so we asked the concierge if he could suggest anywhere....within seconds he had printed off a map of a 6 storey sports store that sold all brands, and it turned out it was 5 minutes away from the James, just in the opposite direction we ususally walked.....excellent, got trainers and football boots!!!!All in all, would definately recommend the James.......and of course Chicago!!!!	
Jun 21 2008 	Great location. Great value.	The James is located in a great area, down the street from Magnificent Mile. The decor is modern and minimalist. There was a plasma tv, a player for your iPod, and free Internet.The staff is very friendly and helpful. The only drawback was the washroom had a sliding door, which doesn't offer total privacy. But the soap and cream provided smelled great.The bar always had people, and the atmosphere was great to sit for a drink.For the price, you can't beat it. I would go back.	
Jun 18 2008 	Stunningly Wonderful	From the moment we arrived we were stunned with the excellence of this hotel. Certainly not your standard, all amenities, cookie-cutter place, which to me was much of the charm. The staff were incredibly friendly, swift and accomodating. The James is extremely clean and well taken care of. It is in a fantastic location and I would stay there again in a heartbeat. I am a tough sell too- some call be impossible to please when it comes to accomodations. Not this time. Great job James!	
Jun 11 2008 	Fantastic boutique-style hotel	My husband and I stayed here on a business trip booked by a client. It has a beautiful lobby and bar, wonderful fitness room, rich furnishings and details in the rooms, and a very friendly and helpful staff. It also has doggie treats and pet pampering options if you travel with your animals. Our group had dinner, drinks, and desserts in the large reception room upstairs. It was a great venue for a large group (I think we had about 300 people). The food and drinks were all taken care of by the hotel, and were very good. The staff for the event was good as well.Elevators, stairways, hallways, and rooms were all very nicely done and warm yet brightly lit. The room had large windows looking out at some of Chicago's most famous buildings.We really liked the location as well. We were able to walk to a lot of very good bars and restaurants and shops (for shopping, Michigan Avenue is walkable). There were also a Whole Foods and Trader Joe's about a block away. We had a refrigerator and extremely well-stocked mini bar in the room, so we did get groceries as we were there for 5 nights.Some fun features included an attractive ipod dock/radio on the mini bar, full gourmet Chicago steak dinners available from room service (I am vegetarian, but it sounded like a good idea for a meat eater), large flat screen tv, port-hole shaped frosted glass in the sliding bathroom door.	
Jun 8 2008 	Great Clean boutique hotel with FANTASTIC location - BUT a little noisy	Having stayed at many hotels in Chicago, we booked The James on Orbitz at a fantastic price! We paid $135.00 a night (half off of the hotel's website rate). The staff are so friendly and helpful. The restaurant is really nice and has great food. The bar is relaxed and trendy and full of people. The beds are comfy and the bathroom is clean. The radio was always on when we returned in the evening for relaxing atmosphere in the room. We had to wonder if this was done to cover the noise from outside. We stayed on the 12 floor and could hear outside noises all night. We also had a noisy neighbor. For the same price we'd stay again. Not sure I'd pay full price as the noise limited our sleep.	
May 31 2008 	Almost flawless	My wife and I stayed at the James recently and we had a great experience.The hotel as others have mentioned is in an ideal location. It's in a quiet location, yet so close to many neighborhoods that you want to go to.We upgraded to a studio room which was totally worth the additional cost. It didnt have all the midcentury furniture that the website photos have, but it was elegantly appointed, spacious, and as we were on the inside of the building very quiet. The service was amazing. Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful, as well as knowledgeable. This was true from the doormen at the front, to people at the desk and the servers in the restaurant. Both Concierges that we dealt with had great suggestions, and were able to understand our style and sensibilities when helping us out.The breakfast at Prime downstairs is among the best I have ever had in a hotel, this goes for the room service as well. Dinner there was good, but not great.I mentioned almost flawless, as there was a situation that occurred involving the Spa in the hotel. It involved scheduling and was aggravating, as the hotel actively encourages its use. However, Caroline who is one of the hotel managers did an amazingly competent job of making sure that we were satisfied, following up on progress and was a true pleasure to deal with. The experience could have left a very bad taste in my mouth but was resolved quickly.Overall, we left extremely satisfied with our stay and look forward to many future visits.	
May 27 2008 	Would definitely stay here again!	My girlfriend and I just returned from a Memorial Day weekend getaway to Chicago, where we stayed at The James. We found a great deal on Expedia a couple of weeks earlier (a non-refundable rate of $176/night for 3 nights) and found it to be a bargain compared to what we could've paid to stay at inferior hotels nearby.We had an early morning flight from Boston and arrived at the hotel at 9:30AM; the staff was very friendly and accommodating, making us feel very welcome the moment we stepped out of our cab until we checked out 3 days later. We were able to do an early check-in, which made a major difference in that we had an opportunity to relax a bit and freshen up before heading out.The staff member took us to our room on the 7th floor and showed us all of the amenities - minibar, mini-stereo w/ iPod hookup, flat-screen TV, bathroom, explain the services provided by the hotel, etc. The room was in the west corner of the hotel, so we had a long walk from the elevators, but it was very quiet and we couldn't hear anything from outside. The room itself featured minimally chic decor and had a king bed that was much more comfortable than most hotel beds I've slept in. The room also featured small sitting corner and also featured a long &quot;bench&quot; against the window with 2 drawers below. There was plenty of space to store luggage without it being visible and obstructive in our room, so I felt the way the room was laid out made it look and feel bigger than its actual square footage.The only minor issues I found with our room were the closet and bathroom being a bit small. While the rectangular pedestal sink in the bathroom was beautiful, there wasn't much space for toiletries. In addition, the tub had a couple of scratches, but I was much happier to have plenty of towels (the bath towels were especially plush and oversized) and 2 sets of robes and slippers for our use.As for other aspects of the hotel, I particularly liked the lobby, which featured numerous lounge-style seating areas and a bookshelf full of coffee table books and magazines. The lobby bar (which bridges the lobby itself and David Burke Primehouse) was a great gathering spot for drinks and was a lively hangout throughout our stay.We ate breakfast one morning at David Burke Primehouse, which was a bit of a mistake. We went at 10AM and even though there were only a couple of other tables occupied, it took 15 minutes before a server even came up to us to start taking our order. It took another 15 minutes before the server returned to bring our juice; at this point, I was frustrated by the poor service that I spoke to the general manager, explaining the situation. He was very apologetic and comped us our breakfast, with our server coming by and apologizing for the lack of service as well. The family seated two tables over also complained about the poor service and the manager also comped their breakfast. The problem with breakfast there is that on weekends, they have an &quot;American dim sum brunch&quot; starting at 10:30; however, they also have breakfast daily until 11AM. This overlap, along with the transition period from 10AM-10:30AM, seems to result in inattentive service for those coming in for a late breakfast because the staff (servers, kitchen, etc.) are so focused on setting up for brunch. My suggestion for guests who want to eat breakfast in the hotel is to either:1) Order room service for breakfast2) Go for an early sit-down breakfast3) If staying on weekends, go after 10:30 for brunch.My suggestion for the restaurant is to curtail breakfast on weekends at 10 or 10:30 to ensure a smoother transition into brunch. Even though the experience was disappointing, I appreciate the way the manager handled the situation.There is also a lounge/club attached to the hotel called J Bar. We checked it out on the first night of our stay and while it might be the right scene for some, it wasn't for us. We expected more of a relaxing lounge, but it turned out to be a club more than anything else. Very crowded, DJ, loud music - we walked in, grabbed a drink, and quickly retreated back to our room upstairs...Misadventures with dining/drinking aside, I would highly recommend The James. It is a very stylish boutique hotel where I think most people would love the rooms and the service provided by the hotel staff. I think the hotel is definitely appealing for the more sophisticated and trendy (yet unpretentious) traveler, and I would definitely stay there again in the future.	
May 14 2008 	Great Trip!	Amazing hotel, best in Chicago!! Great location right next to magnificent mile and an amazing restaurant in the hotel. Best steak I've eaten! The rooms were spacious (we booked a suite) and the staff all seemed very professional. We went to a few blues clubs (try B.l.u.e.s for the best you'll hear since the 60's).I would go back anytime I was in Chicago.	
May 14 2008	Great hotel	Family of four recently stayed just for fun. We loved the James.Excellent hotel; safe location; helpful and friendly staff; great facilities; had everything we needed; clean; well organized; sophisticated but not snooty; the location is perhaps the best we've ever stayed in (and we've visited Chicago numerous times). We will definitely return.	
May 11 2008 	Awesome!	Let me just say that this is one of the finest hotels I have ever had the pleasure of staying. The staff was just the nicest and most professional I have seen in quite some time. The rooms were spacious, clean and comfortable. When I arrived at the hotel the doormen met us by our cab, unloaded our luggage and called us by name which impressed my friend and I. The hotel restaurant was high quality and the food simply outstanding. My friend and I were hard pressed to leave and move to our conference hotel when the time came. The staff at the James Hotel were friendly, helpful and sincerely interested in assuring our comfort and pleasure in Chicago. I recommend this hotel highly!	
Apr 21 2008 	Friendliest luxury	From the welcome at check-in to the hellos from maintenance staff as they passed by, I don't believe I have ever stayed in a more welcoming hotel. The lobby and bar are very comfortable and are modern without being impersonal. The room was spacious, beds luxurious and some style elements really gave it some personality. Toiletry products by Kiehls are a really nice touch. I loved that the all-white bed linens did not smell of industrial cleaners or bleach. Everything was spotlessly clean. An exceptionally welcome aspect was that check-out is 2pm. Very civilized and meant we could still enjoy the morning in the city without arranging storage for our bags.We had lunch in the Primehouse and can highly recommend the American Dim Sum brunch. The restaurant itself wasn't all that interestingly designed, but the high quality of staff and food was of greater importance.Conceirge service was incredibly helpful and even offered an umbrella on a rainy afternoon.	
Apr 15 2008 	Great Hotel and Service	Stayed at the James for three nights on business. Great hotel and location. Extremely professional staff from the time you enter all the way to your room. Also, it was nice to see that they were Mac friendly and had a desktop in the lobby for guest use. Great bar and fitness center as well. Would highly recommend for either business or pleasure.	
Apr 8 2008 	Can't beat The James	I chose the James from Expedia for a short break and booked the night before I arrived. When away on business I normally stay in a Raddisson, Marriott, Hilton, Sheraton etc etc and they all end up being pretty similar with at best pleasant staff, sometimes with a great restaurant to help pull in more room reservations. When on vacation I try for independant hotels and luckily I decided to try The James when visiting Chicago. Partly because of the deal I got and partly because of the reviews here.I'm really glad I did as it definately rates as one of the best hotels I've stayed in. There was no one thing that defined this, it was more a combination of the extremely friendly and very helpful staff, the very cool public areas, large stylish bedroom, very high standard of cleanliness, amazingly comfortable bed, 42&quot; plazma tv, stereo with a jack for my ipod, free internet, great location just off the mag mile which means its close to many attraction, shops bars etc.I honestly can't understand some of the negative feedback, especially when it comes to comparing this hotel to a typical 3*. There is no way this could be viewed as a 3 *, the facilities, standard of room, well trained staff make it so much more than a Ramada, Holiday Inn or any other chain hotel. When booking, remember that this is a boutique hotel, which are in their nature, normally smaller but of a higher standard, offering a more personal service. I also can't understand how anyone can expect to pay less than $100 these days for such a high standard of room in the centre of a city like Chicago! Get real guys....Opinions are personal and subjective but for what its worth, mine is that you can't really go wrong with The James.	
Apr 7 2008	I would try it again...	My sister and I spent a weekend at the James and were so excited upon arrival to be upgraded to a suite. It was a very cool room with a media room where we could watch free DVDs provided by the hotel. The products in the bathroom were great - all Kiehls and the beds were super comfortable. The David Burke restaurant at the hotel was outstanding and the concierge pointed us to exactly the perfect spot for breakfast...The only disappointment was the noise on the weekend while the hotel was holding a wedding reception and that the room stunk like smoke. I would definitely give it a another shot though on my next weekend in Chicago based on the location, the price, and the overall experience	
Mar 25 2008	Great staff	What a pleasant surprise the James was - very nice little boutique hotel that has lovely staff. Think W hotel without the attitude. Great beds...and I mean great, Kiehls products in the bathrooms, a fabulous restaurant in the hotel and great cookies at turndown.I'll definitely be back to the James and thoroughly recommend it!	
Mar 24 2008 	Loved The James!	I had a wonderful experience staying at the James. My teenage daughter and I stayed here for 2 nights for some Spring Break fun in Chicago. The staff was wonderful and extremely helpful in getting us walking directions to all of the places we wanted to see. The doorman also gave us great restaurant recommendations. The rooms were cozy and the beds the most comfortable I've ever slept on in a hotel! We stayed on the 8th floor and although the elevators are small they are also very quick. This did not pose a problem at all for us in having to wait long for one. The bar area did get hopping pretty good both nights although since I was with my teenager I didn't get a chance to check it out. I highly recommend the valet parking, it's only $10 more than public parking, you just pull up to the door and they take it from there.I will definitely stay at The James Chicago again!	
Mar 11 2008 	Trendy and Convenient	I have stayed at the James three times for business. They have always been very accommodating. I find the location convenient to where I need to go and cabbies are familiar with the intersection. The staff is very attentive and helpful. The business center is in the lobby and very sparse, so if you need to make tons of copies of stuff (I did) it's probably not the joint for you. But I love the Kiehls bath products and the beds are very comfortable. The TV's are nice too, as is the room service from the David Burke restaurant in the lobby. The hallways are a bit dark but who really cares about that. I will definitely stay there again. It's worth the price while I'm on business, but if I was staying there on pleasure I might try and find something a little more affordable.	
Mar 11 2008 	My favorite hotel in Chicago	I often stay in Chicago for business and sometimes stay at The James. First of all let me start by saying that I subscribe to Dwell Magazine and love all things modern. So as soon as I walked in this hotel I feel in love with the wonderful art and modern layout. When you walk into your room the stark white blends well with the dark and light woods with a flash of red. The bed itself is extremely comfortable. My skincare regime includes many things from the Kiehl's line so I was thrilled to find it being offered in the bathroom. This last time around my flight was canceled so I got to really experience the hotel (usually I'm so busy with work that I only get to see the J Bar and my bed). When I checked back in they upgraded me to a suite. I ordered room service from the restaurant - the steak salad was delicious. The next day I had breakfast - but the $22 price for fruit, english muffin and coffee was a little steep. The gym was great - very clean, with all the latest equipment.  The hotel is situated very close to Michigan Ave so it's close to great shopping, restaurants, etc. I recommend this hotel to anyone going to Chicago! It is not a bargain price wise but well worth it if you can afford it or are going on business.	
Feb 28 2008 	OK for my Hotwire Price but definately not worth published rates	I ended up with the James Hotel after doing a &quot;blind&quot; Hotwire hotel purchase. I had researched the listing (via BetterBidding.com) and thought I would receive the Conrad hotel based upon the hotel features and price.After learning that I booked the James, I did online research and was satisfied with the reviews.Our check-in was swift and pleasant. The front desk easily looked up our reservation and provided us with our room keys, then directed us to the elevators. We used the Valet parking, which ended up costing $46 for one night (with in/out privileges). The valet service was fast and courteous.The elevators are exactly what I expected (thanks to Tripadvisor advice). They are TINY (VERY VERY TINY) and somewhat scary (they buzz, rattle, and shake). However, they managed to get us where we were going each time.We ended up with an upper-floor room with a street view. We asked for a king bed, but ended up with doubles. That's no big deal, considering the method of booking. The hotel decor was modern, with interesting artwork in the hallways. The room decor was modern, as well, but with very little artwork. The layout of our room was somewhat awkward/cramped.The room was clean, but you could definately tell there wasn't much attention to details in the renovation.The bathroom was nice, with a window view out of the shower (unusual, but nice). The lighting throughout the room was great, with dimmers on anything and everything. The 42&quot; plasma was nice, but they push analog signals to it, so grainy.The turndown service was nice, with minimuffins on the pillows.The best part of the stay was finding out that they have 2:30 PM checkout! I've never experienced that at a city hotel. It was great, after a long evening out at the clubs.I would stay there again, but only if I paid under $100 for the room. There are better deals in downtown Chicago...	
Feb 24 2008 	okay for what we paid	I and a group of 3 other women stayed here for a convention and got a great rate $129 through Travelzoo. We all agreed that this was no 5 star hotel and if we had paid more we would not have been happy.Our room was small with 2 very comfortable double beds. The bathroom was not large either. The room was sorely lacking in mirrors, which seems trivial unless you have more than one woman staying in a room. We all just wished there was even a mirror on the outside of the bathroom door. None of us were going to risk the disaster that can happen to your hair, when a humid shower is running. We resorted to using our reflections in the one picture in our room for hair grooming.We were on the 16th floor, and it was quite frankly dark and dirty. It took us a while to even figure out where our room was, nothing was marked.There was lots of dark brown unfinished curtains hiding everything from freight elevators to ice machines in the dirty halls.I would not have wanted to be a woman staying alone in this hotel, since anyone off the streets could be hiding behind those curtains!The front desk staff was very courteous, and the hotel lobby bar and J bar were fun and hip. We did not eat at the restaurant, but it sure did smell and look good.The late check out (2pm) is a definite plus if you plan on taking advantage of Chicago's awesome nightlifeThe location if fantastic, where the old Lenox Suites used to be.We have all stayed at the W hotels before, and we felt this was a 3 star version of the 4 star W. But in no way a 5 star property!	
Feb 17 2008 	Love The James	We think this hotel is great. My husband and I stayed here two weekends ago and then came back with our two teenagers this past weekend. We think The James is wonderful. First the location is ideal, one block off MIchigan Ave. at Ontario, there are so many great things to do nearby. The hotel is just the right size, big enough to have good amenities, a great bar, restaurant, workout room, but small enough to feel intimate. The staff is wonderfully friendly and accomodating. When they discovered we had returned after staying there two weeks earlier, they were so pleased and really bend over backwards to give us an exceptionally nice room. The rooms are somewhat small, but I think really typical of a downtown metropolitan hotel. The large flat screen TV is very nice. I would recommend this hotel highly and will be sure to stay here again. We found great prices for the James both at Expedia and Orbitz.	
Feb 17 2008 	Loved every bit of it!	The James hotel was beautiful. The only thing negative I could think to mention is the tiny elevator. It only fits a couple people and their luggage comfortably.The room was beautiful and comfortable though. I loved the big screen tv and Kiehl's bath products. The bar was stocked with mini and full sized bottles. I thought that was a neat touch. My MP3 player plugged right up to the speakers. That was great. The bed was super comfortable and the time projected onto the ceiling. That was a nice touch. The slippers were nice too. I was there on business, so I didn't pay for the room and can't speak to the value but I was very impressed with the hotel and the room!	
Jan 30 2008 	fabulous!	wow, i can't believe some of the reviews for the james! i've stayed at the james numerous times for business, and it is just wonderful. i love the rooms - they're small and modern - but i like the coziness of them (and love the kiehls products). Also i've found the staff incredibly helpful and friendly. Especially for business travel i'm incredibly picky, and just want everything to go as smooth as possible - and have found the james exactly what i need after the stress of o'hare and far too long business meetings. i would recommend a stay here to anyone!	
Jan 27 2008 	Great place	This was one of the best stay's my wife and I have had for our anniversary. We stayed on the 5th floor studio. It was truly superb.The doormen were the friendliest peole. The bed was very comfortable and the flat sceen tv on the wall was nice. Also the alarm clock projects on ceiling. nice touch. Interior design was very modern yet comfortable. My wife does interior decorating and that's how she described it. I agree. I highly recommend this property.	
Jan 23 2008	Romantic not a chain	Had a great time here.Lot's to do ,great restaurant and bar.Wonderful feel to the hotel,not a cookie cutter type chain.Well worth the money we spent.Rooms are nice and comfortable with great touches everywhere.	
Jan 17 2008 	Super hotel!!	The James is a brilliant, super sleek hotel. Excellent rooms, super service, the best location, and very trendy throughout.You will not regret booking this hotel - and if you do do not miss the steak house in the hotel!!	
Jan 17 2008 	Good location	We stayed at the James over a celebratory weekend and chose it over competitors due to its' recent inclusion into the Leading Hotels of the World. Check-in was perfunctory with the clerk adding his congratulations as an afterthought. There were beautiful flowers in the room though as an added gesture. We asked for a DVD player for the room but sadly one could not be installed without some difficulty so we abandoned the idea. On checking with the front desk it transpired we had been allocated an inferior room type so we moved to a junior suite which was extremely comfortable if somewhat minimalist in style. Great bed, shower and views across the city though. Some issues with housekeeping; we had to ASK for the room to be serviced one day, dirty cups and glasses were not removed on another occasion and on returning to the room late one night, the radio was on leading us to believe perhaps a staff member had been enjoying the facilities! Also the room key continued to be problematic during the entire stay leading the front desk staff to &quot;accuse&quot; us of keeping it near a moblie phone which was untrue. Wonderful food at the restaurant but spoiled by the Maitre D's superior attitude. Excellent doormen who were always courteous, informative and fun (much like the rest of the city) and the location could not be better.A &quot;cool&quot; (how I hate that word) very slightly pretentious property which promises more than it actually delivers and the minor caveats really stop it being in the &quot;leading&quot; category. **A note**BEWARE. The staff do not inform you that they &quot;block&quot; $100 per night on your credit card as a guarantee; this can be difficult if you are budgeting.	
Dec 27 2007	wouldn't stay again!	My husband and I were there for a conference and had booked the room thru their website, when called to confirm had us down for only 1 night instead of 4, easily changed. First morning cold,cold shower, didn't complain,next day fine. Phone did not work, called every day to complain, and every day said it would be fixed when got back to room, never was. No dial tone, unable to call restaurant, or call for car or call for room service. Finally, on last night someone came to our room while we were there and did fix it. The hotel is beautiful, rooms great and everyone was so nice, even when I was complaining they were nice. Great gym area also, and love the restaurant. BUT, for the money I could easily find another hotel just as nice with a working phone.	
Dec 22 2007 	A Great Hotel Experience	We absolutely loved this hotel from start to finish. We stayed 4 nights in December and from the hot cider and cranberry cookies available in reception every night through to the kiehls bathroom toiletries, heavenly beds and impeccable service we had a great hotel experience.The bathroom was on the smaller side but very well equipped. The room was kept spotless throughout our stay and the cakes and cookies that were delivered with the nightly turn down service were a nice touch.We ordered room service from David Burke's primehouse and the food was delicious and beautifully presented. Breakfast was also good, but we loved the West Egg diner down the street.An early morning checkout was swift and efficient.Overall very satisfying, especially considering the great rate from Expedia. We'll be back as soon as possible !	
Dec 13 2007 	I LOVE the JAMES	I LOVED this hotel. The room was so chic and trendy, the bed was comfortable, great slippers and robes. I love the Keihl's bath products in the bathroom. We went during my birthday weekend, and they had a card and plate with pastries waiting in the room. We got a great deal on a junior suite from Travelzoo, but when we tried to take another trip to Chicago, the deal was gone. I really recommend the hotel. I LOVED it. The ONLY problem we had was with the David Burke Steakhouse. The service was horrible, they switched our order with the table next to our's and the only compensation was they took off a $7 side dish we ordered (and they were nice enough to NOT charge us for the other side dish we DIDN'T get). DON'T go there. Go to the Lawry's accross the street.But stay at the James. (BTW- its not a 3-star hotel like the website lists- its at least 4-star)	
Dec 12 2007	Horrible Service	One of the WORST hotel experiences I've ever had. First night, they were overbooked and we got sent to another hotel when we got in from the airport after midnight ..... and there was no valet or bell attendant outside ANY time that we drove up during our stay. The next night, they lost our reservation for daughter's room AGAIN and it was another huge hassle with the manager. The next day, they were unable to locate our car through the valet for OVER AN HOUR. They were an unapologetic, unhelpful staff who bordered on rude, DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!	
Dec 6 2007 	Tres Sexy	Ok...I could never afford to stay here on my own but was put up by my company for a quick business trip and I couldn't have been happier.The modern design of this hotel is pure sexiness to the nth degree. A superb example of minimalism with lots of white space. And the bed was sooo comfortable!The staff couldn't have been nicer (and hell, for almost $500 bucks a night they should treat you like a king). The location is pure downtown with great shopping in walking distance. Unfortunately I didn't get to explore but I hope that on my next trip I get the opportunity to stay at this hotel again.(PS: Be sure to check out what the minibar has to offer beyond the booze...too funny).	
Dec 1 2007	Above Above average	The James is chic cool. The lighting in my room was very sexy. The David Burke restaurant in the hotel is a big plus - never had more steak in one serving. The location is central - near shopping, restaurants and importantly, starbucks. Service was fantastic. Front desk staff helped me fax an important document. Check out was quick. I showered in a bathroom with no convenient space for soap and shampoo while I was under the water. The elevator is compact and was made crowded when people were there for a wedding. Bed was sumptuous and most comfortable. Had a great stay.	
Nov 5 2007 	High price low quality	This hotel had some good reviews in some conference materials for the DMA07 Conference, but having stayed there for ten days I can say it is a place to be avoided.The bathrooom door did not close, a colleague staying in another room had the same problem. The in room television service, with an audio that promoted it as the lastest in hotel convenience, had no visual display.The fixtures in the bathroom were barely attached to the wall and the taps in the bathroom came off the wall while turning on the shower.The architrave air conditioning ducts were not fitted correctly which made the room look unfinished.The quality control in preparing the rooms for guests was absolutely appaling.Overall a poor experience and one I will advise our booking agent not to repeat.	
Nov 4 2007 	Meh	it's hard to explain our dissatisfaction with this hotel. Considering how expensive this place is, there are probably 30 hotels in Chicago where your money would be better spent.First of all, I've never seen a poorer elevator situation. Normally one doesn't feel compelled to write about elevators, but it's clearly indicative of the experience at this hotel... First, don't stay on the 17th (top) floor. The elevators shake the entire floor every time someone takes the elevator...it sounds like the top floor is one big racquetball court. Second, there are two elevators, each approximately 15 square feet, meaning every single time one takes the elevator, one experiences 5 or 6 stops and your elevator has about 11 people in it, comparable to squeezing 11 people into a honda civic hatchback (only moderate sarcasm).The food: terrible. Forget it, I don't care if you go it for free, as we did (gift from father-in-law). Everything was incredibly salty. Honestly, I don't consider food to be a big factor when choosing a hotel. However, it was terrible, so if you think that's important, forget about it.Another thing: we tried to order breakfast daily, but for some reason, after the first day, they refused to send up breakfast order forms. They should have given them to us every day, but did not. We called to ask for them, and they would say &quot;absolutely, sir, we'll send them right up.&quot; Of course they did not. Next day, same thing. Really? How hard is it to take care of something as simple? Again, not a big deal by itself, but definitely representative of the level of service.Furthermore, we had two complimentary drinks as a part of our package (reminder: this package had been completely paid for by my father-in-law), but we didn't get coupons for it. We were told by the front desk just to show the bartender our package deal summary sheet, which we did. The bartender took a full 5 minutes to analyze the card we gave him, in a PACKED bar with other patrons glaring at us like we were farmers, and asked if we had the coupons mentioned. We did not, and I told him what the front desk told us. He told us that he needed to ask his manager. 10 more minutes passed. Finally he returned and said &quot;You know what I can't find the manager anywhere, but I'm just going to go ahead and give you your drinks.&quot; Thanks, buddy, for doing me the unbelievable favor of giving me two drinks that cost you $2, which we have already paid for to the tune of some $1750. Really stunning customer service. Wow. Oh my god.The walls are paper thin.Forget the bar. Horrible, packed, pretentiousI could go on, but chances are you've already stopped reading.The point is: for over $300/night (we paid over $500), this place is not the place. Housekeeping was good. The room's decor was nice. The little media nook was nice as well.	
Oct 30 2007 	Fantastic location for a wonderful city	After spending two weeks working in the suburbs I was looking for somewhere comfortable, central and a little more intimate than the chain hotels on Michigan Avenue. I'd stayed at the Marriott and Meridian before and hadn't enjoyed the experience.The hotel is one block west of Michigan Avenue behind the Marriott. A great location to start exploring the city. Check in was a breeze and the hot towels were welcome. Don't come to the hotel for the views. With just 16 floors it's dwarfed by the surrounding properties. Our room was on the 12th floor facing the south. We had a deluxe double room booked through Hotels.com. Over $100/night below the rack rate. Although not a huge room it was very comfortable and the bed was the largest I'd slept in for a while. Great touches like the Kiehl's bath products, free wireless internet, 42&quot; Plasma and iPod equipped stereo. I can't comment on the Bar or Restaraunt as we didn't dine there. One tip....head to West Egg for breakfast - Great food and fantastic value for money. It's just a five minute walk up Ontario.	
Oct 30 2007 	Nice digs	Stayed here 3 nites for a conference. The hotel is a very trendy boutique hotel convenient located near the Magnificent Mile (Michigan Ave). The lobby is pretty small and 1/2 of it is overtaken by an extended bar from Prime, the hotel's steakhouse restaurant (heard some good things about the restaurant). The staff was efficient if not totally friendly. I noticed a tendency for staffers to congregate and felt as if I was intruding on their space when I went to check in/out so felt rather uncomfortable. The room itself is rather small but the clean lines of the decor made most of the room. The bed and the flat-screen TV was nice, and the corner room we stayed in was quiet throughout the night. The Kiehl's bath products were the best, and the housekeeping staff was really friendly with the bed turndown service and cookie(s).Door staff was extremely helpful and friendly, and I went to them to ask questions rather than 'bother' the front desk staff. Was there a concierge there? Didn't notice.Maybe my tastebuds were off but I would not order drinks at the bar. I ordered a G&amp;T which tasted like soda instead of tonic; this could not be fixed so resorted to another drink.Pro: convenient location. Starbucks and Trader Joe's right across. Good eats on the same block or right across. Friendly door staff. Decent mini bar.Con: rooms were pricey and rather small (smaller than NYC hotel rooms). small elevators.	
Oct 19 2007 	Love The James	This is my third time staying at the JAMES for business. the staff is great, they upgraded me to a media loft , with 2 bed and 2 plasmas plus a projector screen. everything is done to make you comfrotable- from the kiehls products to the ipod hook up.the gym is also very big and well organized.I would come back again - and reccomend to everyone	
Oct 18 2007 	"Shagalicious baby!"	I spent two nights at the James Hotel while attending a conference inChicago. I received an upgraded room upon checking in, even without requestingone. The room was very nice--straight out of an Austin Powers movie, complete with a shag rug and corner bed/couch with a projection dvd player with surround sound. In fact, the room also included an additonal fairly large flat panel tv in the main area, a smaller one facing the bed (though I couldn't get this one to work) and a small stereo cd unit. Probably not everyone's style, but I thought it was pretty cool. While I was alone, I'd think it would be a great choice for a couple.Service staff (front desk, bellman) were very helpful and courteous.Location is quite good to the Chicago hot spots, but pretty far from McCormick Place, as most of the area's hotels are.	
Oct 16 2007 	Better than home!	Stayed at the James for business and was pleasantly surprised by the level of service and attention to detail provided by this boutique hotel. The combination of a heavenly bed (even more heavenly than Westin’s version), modern amenities, cool ambiance, and location make this hotel a winner. The entire hotel was SPOTLESSLY clean, complimentary slippers and robes, Kiehl's products, and turn down service. Also note the great 2pm standard check out time, which is great for people like me who had morning meetings. The walls seemed well insulated as the hotel was pretty crowded and I was not disturbed once by people or housekeeping walking the halls at night or in the early morning. Their staff is ever- present but not overbearing and although we tipped well, it was on our own accord and did not feel solicited in any way. Would recommend this hotel to just about anyone and will stay at the James when I return to Chicago.	
Oct 15 2007 	Stay at the James!	This hotel is full of little touches that separate it from the mainstream pack of hotels. The blend of style, price, location, available services, and the level of service - really make the James special. Nice sized room, very contemporary feel, awesome mini-bar, dual plasma TV’s, comfy bed, light switches had dimmers, didn’t hear any outside noise. Bellmen/concierge/housekeeping REALLY went out of the way to make me feel welcomed each day. Front desk provided good service, but not as warm. Comp wireless internet in the room, room service was prompt and the food was well above par. Walking distance to Magnificent Mile, John Hancock, Millennium Park, Art Institute of Chicago, Red Line Subway (5 min to China Town, $4 round trip). Ate at Pizza Rio Uno (deep dish pizza) and the West Egg (great breakfast), both in walking distance. Glad I stayed here, will definitely get my repeat business!	
Oct 4 2007 	Hear Hear	The person from Minnesota on the previous review summed it all up! This Hotel is so good it feels like home and the staff are your extended family. Any traveller, (originating from outside the US in particular) nervous about staying in a big city, check in at this hotel and you will immediately feel relaxed. Wonderful!	
Sep 17 2007 	Fantastic boutique gem near Magnificent Mile	My husband and I took a summer road trip to Chicago and booked the James Hotel on Hotwire.com. We got a great rate, especially for a great boutique hotel right off the Magnificent Mile shopping area. The James was easy to find (I printed out directions from Google Maps) and valet parking is available, although we just self-parked our car next door in the garage to save a few dollars. Check-in was a breeze and the front desk staff were all well-groomed, friendly and helpful. We asked them for breakfast recommendations and they told us about West Egg, just down the street (about 5-6 blocks away). The bellman was extremely helpful and helped me carried all of my bags up to the room while my husband was parking the car. The room was nice, with a flat panel TV with cable, premium Kiehl's toiletries and plush, clean towels. The bed was plush and I love that hotels now use white sheets with a down comforter in between instead of the old style comforter (gross!). Turndown service in the evening also included a bedtime snack (I think it was a cookie of some sort). Housekeeping did a good job of picking things up each day. The best part about this hotel is definitely it's location. It's only about a block away from Michigan Ave and we were able to walk to Navy Pier, Millenium Park and many other attractions. The James Hotel allowed us to vacation in luxury, while keeping within our budget.	
Sep 16 2007	great hotel	stayed at the James for 2 nights after staying at the Palmer House Hilton down the road. There is no comparison, the James is bright, modern and has a real 'buzz' in the foyer and bar area. The staff are professional, friendly and helpful. The best part about the hotel is the bed! Amazingly comfortable with great linen.	
Sep 10 2007 	Rudist service	Right away everything went wrong! We had booked a suite for 4 people and they told us that our reservation was not for 2007, but for 2009! First of all, why would we book for 2009! Secondly, they began to make it seem like it was my friends fault, putting her in tears! They then said all that they had for us was a king size room, so all four of us women had to sleep in one bed!Don't bother, there are far better hotels in the same neighborhood for the same price.	
Sep 5 2007 	Wow!! Sweet Hotel!	Well my boyfriend and I stayed the night at the James Hotel on September 1st, 2007.First impressions weren't very good as the room was not ready when we arrived at around 2:30 pm. So we went for lunch at Pizzeria Due around the corner. We returned around 4pm to find that our room was still not ready. We waited another half an hour until it was finally ready. The desk clerk did apologize and offered us free breakfast for two. The room was amazing. We stayed on the 17th floor with an amazing view of the city. There was a brown spot on the ceiling that wasn't very appealing. Also the bathtub would fill up with water when having a shower. But all around along with the beautiful room and free breakfast it was a great experience. We stayed at the Millenium Knickerbocker the next night and it was like night and day. I would highly recommend a stay at the James.	
Sep 3 2007 	Amazing Hotel...	I found a good deal for the James hotel on TravelZoo for $169 a night, and after some searching, found that the James had very good reviews so I decided to book a night's stay for my anniversary (it was a surprise for my husband!) When I booked the stay, I mentioned the date and upon checkin our room was already upgraded to a suite. I am going to keep the review from hereon nice and simple...The James Hotel is AMAZING. Our suite was beautiful (very contemporary), clean, and room service was fantastic. The front desk was extremely accomodating and friendly. The hotel is also right off of Michigan Ave.Whenever we spend the night downtown we will surely stay at the James. Like myself, you will not be disappointed!	
Sep 3 2007	Staff caters to your every need!	Wow! I was really impressed with the James. Not only is it centrally located, and a super chic hotel, but the staff really knows how to make your vacation even better. They great you with &quot;welcome back&quot; every time you return from your daily/evening excursions. The bartenders concoct amazing cocktails-the front door man recommended the mojito when I arrived from a disastrous airport situation when I mentioned I needed a drink and he was right! That mojito really hit the spot! The concierge service was the best I have ever had. Esperanza in particular, made suggestions and booked tours and restaurants for me that turned my trip from great vacation into an unbelievable amazing adventure. The fitness center is a great size and is open 24 hours. The rooms in tones of brown and red are spacious, and have that minimalist chic look, but perhaps done to the point where they lack function ability. I hated the bathroom sinks- too wide and flat and therefore do not drain well and they also take up more counter space then needed. However, overall I was pleased with the room. The bed was extremely comfortable, and the mini bar had a great selection of half bottles of liquor and all the bartending equipment to make that famous James bond cocktail! I would definitely recommend this hotel and especially to single travelers that want great service with a hip atmosphere!	
Sep 2 2007 	Fantastic Hotel - Highly Recommended	We have just returned from a week at the James Chicago. The hotel is fabulous, very chic and chilled. The service is beyond compare. Check in and out were swift and painless. The Concierge service is also super efficient having located an excellent hair salon and a couple of fab restaurants for us during our stay. The hotel restaurant itself is rated 5 in the top 10 in Chicago - voted by Chicago residents.We stayed on the 14th floor with great views of the city. The room (a deluxe king) was equipped with a great selection of cocktail making lovelies, hairdryer, safe, tv, robes &amp; slippers, a very interesting selection of minibar items (one of which was a real surprise!) including crisps/snacks a first aid kit and an umbrella! We also had a spotless and elegant bathroom with Kiehls products and a cosy little dining area. The ipod dock/CD/radio and complimentary chillout CD were a nice touch and husband liked the enormous plasma tv. The super comfy bed ensured a good snooze and complimentary WiFi allowed us to plan our next day's activities from our bedroom.We were so busy touring around the city we didn't get an opportunity to use the gym or the spa - both of which looked fab. The bar/lobby area is a haven of civilised tranquility with smooth music playing in the background to help you chillout that bit more. Staff are attentive without being fussy and a good selection of drinks and bar snacks are available. The barman mixes a mean mohito !This hotel is full of nice little thoughtful touches to make people feel welcomed and cared for e.g. The Virtual Tuck In service - basically a couple of PCs with webcams to allow people to say goodnight to their children when they're away from home on business. Also the dog biscuits and water outside the front door for our furry friends.Next visit to Chicago I'll definitely be staying here and wouldn't even consider an alternative if The James can maintain these standards.	
Aug 31 2007 	First Class - not one complaint	My significant other and I recently spent 3 nights at The James and on the last day I said, &quot;I wish we could stay longer&quot;. That good! The room was immaculate and a very pleasant surprise from the moment you open the door. Everything is high tech. Plasma TV, CD/Radio, Projection alarm clock (love that so much bought one today). If you wanted room service you got it from David Burke and the mini bar and liquor selection was plentiful. They even have a four legged friend menu. The bathroom was pleasant with bathrobes/slippers and upscale products provided. The bed was the best in a hotel ever. Linens were crip, white and fresh. Maid service twice daily with turn down service. Safe in room, ice delivered, iron, hairdryer all top of the line. The filtered window shades blacked out the light and matched the modern decor. Mid-century style with funky chair/ottman, cubes and a table with nightstands gave us plenty of room and felt like comforts of home. The staff was courteous and accommodating. The library, free internet access, in room wifi were extras we didn't expect . Bar/lounge areas seems to be frequented by locals enjoying cocktails and appetizers in the lobby. Funky artwork. Location, location, location. The best place we've ever stayed not only in Chicago. Highly recommend.	
Aug 24 2007 	A Top Notch Hotel	My partner and I just returned from a 5 night stay at the James, and I must say, this is one of our new favorites (we are excited that they will soon be opening another in NY). The location is within walking distance to everything - dining, shopping, the subway, etc. We stayed in an upper floor room (#1518), far away from any elevator noise and foot traffic. The room was spacious and clean, and yes, the bed was by far the best we had ever slept on. The bathroom was great and large - we had no problem with the sink set-up, and the Kiehl's products were a plus, and were constantly replenished when needed. I cannot say enough how friendly the staff was - the front desk staff, the bellmen, and especially Bill and Esperanza at the Concierge desk....they both made some excellent recommendations.The twice daily maid service and turndown was a treat. Robes and slippers were laid out, lights were dimmed, fresh ice was delivered, and a wonderful cookie was left behind (the TV was also turned to a funky black/white channel that portrayed a various figures in comical scenes - a nice touch when you return to your room). I also appreciated all of the reading selections located in the front desk area (I love to read) - various local magazines were available for purchase (great for tourists), but they also had an abundance of complimentary newspapers that you could take up to your room as well...the NY Times, Wall Street Journal, Chicago Tribune, etc. The USA Today was delivered daily. I visited the gym one morning and was very impressed. Abundant and quality equipment and a very clean room. TV's were on the cardio equipment, and they had disposable earbuds for you to use. Definitely the best hotel gym I have seen in my many hotel stays.My partner and I indulged in room service one night from David Burke's Primehouse. It was delivered as promised within 45 minutes, piping hot. We had filet on the bone, hashbrowns, sauteed mushrooms, and the beef BBQ/lobster dumplings - all was wonderful! We also had the incredible crab cake wrapped in a pretzel down in the lobby bar one night - this is a must try dish! WOW...We also went to the J Bar one evening - completely underdressed. However, the drinks were great, and the staff was very friendly.....Try the James martini!Anyhow, our experience was fantastic, and I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago.	
Aug 19 2007 	Good sexy leisure hotel. Less great for business.	Nice big sexy 'boutique'-style rooms. Modern. Lovely bed. Great food. But it's a hotel definitely geared-up to leisure travel, not business. Wireless internet 'throughout' the hotel was very slow, sometimes non-existent. And rooms had no desks, just interesting (though rather useless) pieces of designer furniture. I'd definitely take my wife here for a fun getaway. I definitely wouldn't stay here again on business. Also a word of warning - the restaurant next door (not associated with the hotel, but an 'obvious' choice if you're looking for something local) - Su Casa mexican restaurant - was THE worst mexican I think I have ever tasted. Sloppy, tasteless, heavily fried. Oh dear. Should have stayed with the hotel food.Good luck.	
Aug 14 2007	great hotel/ great location/ great restaurant	We had two rooms/ two adults and four kids. We requested the rooms close together and hotel was accommodating. Very clean, nice service, great location. The bellmen were fantastic, and the concierge service was very knowledgeable. The rooms were clean and stylish, ( LOVED the Kiehl's products), the restaurant was just right. All in all, a wonderful experience. One note: if you are sensitive to night-time noises, request a room on the quiet side of the building. Otherwise, a totally positive experience and we would definitely book here again.	
Aug 10 2007 	Nice Hotel - Needs a little more effort.	Over all, the James Chicago is a very nice hotel. It is a trendy hotel with mostly young business men and women that stay here. While it has a lot of nice features such as large flat-screen TV’s and great linens and towels, it is missing a few of the soft touches you normally find at hotels of this caliber. The elevators are slow, small and noisy. We often had to wait for two or three elevator cars to arrive because only about five people at a time can fit. They are dirty and not up to the standard of the rest of the hotel.The hotel has no ice makers. If you want ice, you need to call the front desk, wait 30 minutes, and then tip the person that brings the ice to your room.There is no free coffee or free breakfast or free water. A pot of coffee (4 cups) will cost you $14.00 ($7.00 plus 12% hotel tax, plus $3.50 delivery charge, plus 18% built-in gratuity, plus the additional tip they want you to give).The front desk staff tends to cluster and when approached they give you the feeling that you are annoying them. The walls are thin. When the rooms on either side of you get a wake-up call, that’s your wake-up call too! Street noise is very loud – even on the 16th floor.The hotel tries so hard to be trendy that it often sacrifices functionality. For example, the bathroom sink is a trendy square, flat sink. The faucet is a standard low faucet that makes the distance between the faucet and sink stopper only about 4 inches. It makes it very difficult to wash your hands under the running water. For this same reason, you cannot fill a tall glass of water.The trendy boutique closet is in the bathroom. When the bathroom door is closed, the main room has no access to a mirror or clothes. This makes it slower for two or more people to get ready at the same time.The bathroom sliding-door has a frosted glass window. This is not a problem for one person but for two people, it is a huge annoyance. You CANNOT turn the light on in the bathroom without lighting up the bedroom as well. Also, the light switch for the bathroom is in the bedroom -- so if you are in the bathroom and then want to adjust the light or fan, you need to open the sliding door (all the way) and go in to the bedroom to adjust the bathroom light.ON THE PLUS SIDE:The rooms have plenty of electrical outlets. My wife and I both have our laptops cell phone and IPods plugged in and we have outlets to spare. The hotel is in a great location to the best shopping and restaurants in Chicago.The artwork in the rooms is beautiful.There is plenty of storage in the rooms for your suit cases and belongings.The gym at the hotel is one of the best I have seen.OVERALL: I would give this hotel 4 out of 5 stars. It is very nice, but not as nice as the Amalfi – the nearest similar hotel. The James is very nice, but does not make that extra effort that separates the good hotels from the great hotels.	
Aug 8 2007 	Outstanding Hotel	We needed an extra night in Chicago after a gratus stay at The Penninsula and won a SkyAuction bid for The James @ $203.This is one of the nicest hotels that I've ever stayed in. Bathroom aside, we felt it equalled The Penninsula in comfort and level of service. I echo all of the superlatives previously written and would love to stay here anytime I'm in town.	
Jul 30 2007 	Loved It!	All of the good reviews about The James are true. I just returned from a 2 night stay. We had 2 rooms with double beds. We loved the whole place. The beds are as good as everyone says, beautiful bathroom, very clean. Great location, had breakfast in the hotel restaurant that was very good. Staff is friendly and helpful. I do not think you will be disappointed in this hotel. Will stay there again and in other citites once they open. Enjoy!	
Jul 29 2007 	Loved the James	The James was a great choice by Hotwire, at first I was a little bit skeptical, but it worked out great. It's a block away from Michigan Ave where you can do all your shopping. It's also a couple blocks away from great eateries, like Uno Pizzeria, Portillos, and Giordano's. There is a movie theater located right down the street as well. It's about two blocks away from the red line. The staff was very friendly. The lady checking us in was very friendly, I arrived early in the morning, and she let me check into the room. The concierge was very helpful on where to go. The housekeeping ladies always greeted us in the morning and the doorman showed us where the nearest dunkin donuts could be found. There is a trader joe's and a starbucks right across the street. The beds are very comfortable and the room was very modern. For someone who has never been in Chicago before, this experience was great.	
Jul 25 2007	The James was great!	I am a traveler who expects a lot from hotels and I am happy to say that the James not only met, but exceeded by expectations. The James is a very trendy hotel from the lobby down to the art work in the rooms. Even if you don't like the trendy scene, though, the James's staff will impress you.I made my reservation online and made a note that I was going to be getting engaged during my stay. When I contacted the hotel later about an early check-in, I spoke with a member of the hotel staff who, after looking up my reservation, offered to send up extra amenities to my room in light of the fact that I was getting engaged. Also, when I went to check-in, I was told that I was given a complimentary upgrade to a suite in light of the special occasion.While I certainly can't guarantee that the hotel will always make such accomodations, my experience at the James tells me that it is a hotel that is committed to its guests feeling welcome and happy to be there. I will definitely return.As for some specifics about the hotel, the fitness center is large and very well-equipped, the hotel is ideally located just off Michigan Avenue, and the hotel's bar is excellent. Parking is a little pricy and it's tough to find a low room rate, but overall, the James is awesome.	
Jul 24 2007 	Boutique swanky	I stayed at the James in June, and I must say, it felt like I was in some ultra-swanky boutqiue hotel.From the uniforms of the staff.. which consists of a small J pin that they wear with nice suits and such, to the wonderful, comfortable beds, the James just makes you feel ultra-relaxed. The gym in the hotel was fantastic for a hotel gym, and the machines were all new and in fantastic condition. I really enjoyed the complimentary Kiehl's products as well as the soft, cushy beds with futons.Location-wise, it's just off Michigan ave, and it's close to all the shops and restaurants.I'd definitely stay here if I'm' ever back in Chicago.	
Jul 20 2007	very solid	Booked this place blindly via hotwire so I did not know what to expect. Rooms were better than expected. Staff was professional. Bar downstairs was cool but hotel was also quiet at night. And locations is unbeatable. All and all a nice little hotel.	
Jul 19 2007 	Best Hotel EVER!!!	Words can't express how much I love this hotel!!!! I stayed here for two nights in April for a Placebo concert at the HOB, and I couldn't have picked a better hotel. I've had an awful time finding a hotel in Chicago that will rent a room to someone under 21. Even tried booking a room at the four seasons and that was a no-go (I'm 20). Apparently they'll only take your money if you're 21. Who knows?  Anyway, I digress... I stumbled across the james through travelzoo and decided to give it ago. From the moment I got out of the cab I was treated like royality. The doorman was wonderful, I loved the water and treats he had set out for dogs passing by. Nice touch. The front desk staff couldn't have been more welcoming and kind. It was the first time someone asked me how my flight was and I actually believed they cared. On to the room--Fantastic! The beds are out of this world, so comfy! The plasma tv, ipod dock, and snacks were a nice touch. I loved the alarm clock that projected the time on to the ceiling. The turndown service was nice as well. Bathroom--My room didn't have tub. I thought that was a bit odd, but I didn't miss it. I liked the fact that there was a window in the shower so I could look out while I was in there. pretty nifty. The kiehls bath products were a nice touch. Location--the couldn't be beat. A block and a half from Michigan ave, a starbucks on the block, the el stop like four blocks away. I even walked to the HOB that night for the show, but took a cab back (3$). I can't imagine staying anywhere else in chicago ever, ever again. I've stayed at some of the best hotels in the world (The Savoy in London &amp; The George The V in Paris to name a few) and I was more impressed with the service, people, rooms, location ect of the james.	
Jul 19 2007	Loved The James	We stayed here for 3 nights in June and loved it! The beds are now referred to as 'the most comfortable beds in the world!' I think there were about 8 pillows or something, it makes our bed at home now seem a little inadequate!The hotel is in a great location, right on the magnificent mile and close to the Hancock tower, Water Tower Place and some excellent restaurants. The concierge could not have been more helpful and recommended these restaurants while we were there - Quartino ( a fantastic Italian close to the hotel, great atmosphere and excellent food) and Blue Water Grill ( which had an excellent sushi selection, we also received a complimentary glass of champagne on arrival because we were staying at The James, which was rather nice! ) This place also had a great atmosphere and was really busy... Also I would stongly recommend going up thr Hancock tower at night for the breathtaking views and delicious cocktails. The hotel bar and the J bar also served great drinks and seemed to attract a large crowd.I also used their spa while I was there - it was great. My partner also used the gym while he was there and said that it was brilliant. The bathroom was great, also liked the Kiehls products and the water pressure was excellent in the shower.Overall, there was nothing to dislike about The James, I would not consider staing anywhere else in Chicago, this place could not meet your needs more.	
Jul 17 2007 	Unique wonderful and well located	The James offers many strong points making it an excellent choice for a centrally located hotel. As for location, its right at the intersection of Ontario and Rush - very close to great bars/restaurants and two short blocks off Michigan Ave. While some nice properties are right on Michigan Ave,, I think its preferrable to be close, but just off of it for diminished noise and traffic. The hotel itself has a unique, comtempory design, which carries from the lobby into the rooms. Style preferrence is a personal thing, but if you lean toward the less traditional, you'll enjoy the look of the James. I was fortunate to have an upgraded room, which landed me in a suite on the top floor. Not much of a view, but the room was very spacious, contained 2 couches, had 2 flat screen tvs, very comfortable king bed, well stocked bar, and a bathroom complete with Kiehl's products. Not bad! Service at the counter and door was prompt, professional and friendly. Maid service was well done and included turn down service. Another plus is the fitness center which rivals many stand alone gyms for equipment selection and quality.I only have two minor criticisms to offer. One, the hotel is an older building and there are a few worn spots in the common areas that should be touched up. Second, and this is very minor, there is not gift shop in the hotel, so if you need toiletries or a bottle of water, you'll need to go across the street.My recommending of the hotel is enhanced by the relative value it offers. Considering the location and amenities, I think its hard to beat, especially if you compare the cost of elite Chicago hotels such as the Park Hyatt, Peninsula, or Four Seasons. For a quick business trip or a fun weekend, the James should deliver what you need.	
Jul 17 2007 	Love The James!!!	I just returned from a weekend stay at The James and absolutely loved it. I received an excellent rate from Hotwire.com for $129 a night, rooms usually go for about $299 a night. The James is centrally located next to Michigan Avenue with tons of restaurants and shopping close by. They charge about $35 a night for parking but that is expected in downtown Chicago. The decor of the hotel is trendy yet comfortable. Our room was on the 11th floor - not much of a view just the street below. The beds are fantastic - so comfortable! My only complaint is the street noise was loud from our room - people honking all hours of the night. Friends who also stayed in the hotel with us did not have this problem in their room, I think one of our windows must have had a gap in it. Overall I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 17 2007 	Most comfortable beds!!	Wow, did we love the James! We stayed here for three nights in July, having secured a great rate on Hotwire. Where to start? Incredible night's sleep in a super-comfortable bed, Kiehl's toiletries, comfy robes and plush slippers, and a huge flat-screen TV, all combined made our stay very memorable. The staff was friendly and approachable, the turn-down service impeccable, the business center free (with a lightning-quick Internet connection and speedy printing). The location was perfect, too--we walked to Michigan Avenue, major attractions, and public transit all in a few minutes. We really didn't want to leave!	
Jul 16 2007 	Best Bed I have EVER slept in!!!	My husband and I booked this hotel on Hotwire and got an amazing deal!! We stayed at the James from July 13-July 15 and could not have been more impressed! First off, we saved about $250/night by booking with hotwire and we weren't sure what to expect but the hotel website displays the hotel rooms to the tiniest detail!Our check in was a breeze...we were worried about getting bumped to another hotel (this has happened to us when we booked with hotwire previously and the property was sold out) but I called the night before to confirm. Our room was incredible! My only complaint was we were put in a corner room on a lower floor with very little view and a handicap accessible room so I don't know if all the rooms looked like ours or not. I am guessing that's where they put their guests that don't pay close to full price for a room. We didn't mind too much because we didn't spend too much time in the room. The bed was a king and was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in....better than my own!! They have a featherbed on the mattress, down comforter, feather pillows (5 on the bed), an Ipod station/mp3 player, a HUGE 50&quot; plasma TV, closet, full length mirror, electronic safe, iron/board, hairdryer, very modern furniture. The bathroom was completely tiled and had a huge sink. Only complaint here was little room to lay anything down, hardly any counter space. They provided robes, slippers, shampoo/conditioner, lotion, shower gel, q-tips and cotton balls.We had very quick housekeeping in the am and had nightly turndown service with &quot;mood lighting&quot; (all the lights are on dimmers) and treats on our pillows with the music turned on! The shower was enormous, easily fits two people with a handheld nozzle (no tub). Bath towels were very soft and extremely large!!My husband and I went to the gym on our first morning there...incredible!!!! The treadmills, ellipticals, and bikes all had flat screen tv's attached to them with personal remotes and headphones. They had a large variety of new state-of-the-art weight machines with racks of free weights, multiple swiss balls and even BOSU trainers with mirrored walls throughout in addition to fresh towels and pitchers of ice water with sliced oranges and lemons in the bottom as well as a personal trainer wandering around. We didn't get a chance to try out the spa, but it looked amazing also!The J Bar was smaller than what I expected and never was very crowded, but definitely had that &quot;lounge&quot; feel to it with comfortable seating and candlelight. The concierge gave us great recommendations for dining and even gave us business cards to give the hostess if there was a wait to get us &quot;moved up on the list&quot;. We never had a wait, so we didn't get to use them. Check out wasn't until 2 pm, so that was nice also and the front desk tagged and stored our luggage for us while we spent Sunday in the city!My only complaint would be that the valet cost was $42/night, but it's Chicago! It's probably that much anywhere and they were very prompt and courteous.Would I choose the James again???? ABSOLUTELY!!!!! I don't know if I would pay $400/night to stay there, but if you want to try your luck that you will be placed there, I would try hotwire. What a great deal for the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in the U.S. (I have stayed previously at Hilton, Wyndham, Marriott, Crowne Plaza, etc)	
Jul 10 2007 	i love james	I love James! No, he’s not a man, it’s a hotel, the James.Don’t you hate people who think that their doctor is the best doctor, their hair stylist is the only one to go to, or their trainer is the only one who could possibly keep you looking as good as they do? (I don’t have a trainer by the way, not that I’m against them.) Well, my hotel is really the best hotel and the rest of you who hold different opinions are wrong, wrong, wrong!My daughter and I just stayed at the James Hotel in Chicago. I found it on hotels.com, liked the description and the pictures. It looked hip and modern, the price and location were right. For $203 a night, I had one of the best hotel experiences of my life. Granted, I’m not a world traveler and I’m sort of cheap when it comes to hotels. The hotel impressed me before I landed at O’hare. I called to say I would be arriving in Chicago at 11 a.m. and was wondering if I could check in early. A charming staff person told me the hotel would do its best to get us into our room early. The hotel did not disappoint. They sent us up to a room on the 4th floor, which, actually was not ready. We returned to the front desk. The staff was very apologetic. We remained our charming selves. They offered us a suite on the 14th floor. “An upgrade”, I asked, “at no additional charge?” That’s what they did for us.We went up the elevator again, this time, feeling a glowing benevolence for all our surroundings. We examined the lobby, this is no ordinary minimalist box. The James has a sense of style that would make Ian Schraeger want to rethink the Delano. Start with the cool signage, visible from far away for those of us who are directionally challenged, pass the cute doorman, notice the stainless steel water bowl for dogs and the giant canister of dog bones before you enter the lobby. Once inside, even the coolest among us, will grin. The floor to ceiling windows fronting the street let the natural light shine in on the comfortable furnishings, terrazzo floor and warm wood front desk. There are book shelves filled with design books and newspapers. This is a lobby I would actually sit in.Hotel chains everywhere should try to steal the James’s curator. Do hotels have curators? The art collection is fabulous. If you’re dumb enough to come to Chicago and not stay at the James, at least check out the art. An installation in the lobby by Joel Ross of 50 vintage suitcases, filled with the dismantled contents of an entire motel room should not be missed. Everywhere else you look has some sort of interesting mural or photograph. The hotel rooms also have original photographs. No boring recycled stuff here.Our suite was beautifully furnished. The designer actually considered how guests would use the space. The bathroom was immaculate, beautiful and conveniently set up, one of the few hotel bathrooms that had decent light and space to put your stuff. Finally someone had the sense to put a towel bar and shelf under the sink and even remembered to put a ledge above the sink for your toothbrush, lens case, etc. I appreciated every moment I spent standing on the cool matte brown tiles and washing up at the marble vanity with the stylish square sink.The room had a sitting area with a flat screen tv, a modernist couch that would certainly sleep a kid, a Bertoia chair and a Saarinen style coffee table. Everything fit perfectly to make a cozy spot. The suite also had a bar area with martini glasses, a stainless steel ice bucket, small sink, refrigerator, coffee maker and of course, a mini bar. I’m never tempted by a mini bar, it goes back to the cheap thing.The bed and bedding may have been the best part. The James had the best bed I’ve ever slept in. The mattress was firm, even though it had one of those pillow top things that I usually hate. The pillows were also not too hard and not too soft. The designer cleverly outfitted the room with a bench with drawers, so there is both seating and storage next to the bed. Even the clock projects on to the ceiling so you don’t have to lift your head to check the time. I need to get one of those to truly improve the quality of my life. Sorry I know I sound like a crazy fan, but I just can’t help myself. Loved the white waffle weave robes &amp; the red slippers. The red &amp; white theme extended to the crisp white stationary &amp; the freshly sharpened red pencil. Did I mention that I love red? I even loved the closet because it had cool red wood hangers. Is there nothing these people don’t think of?Oh, and one more thing, when I asked if I could get a late check out time, the front desk guy smiled broadly and said check out time is at 2 p.m. So who needs late check out time at the James?I didn’t examine the gym or the spa, nor did I eat dinner in the restaurant. But, we did eat breakfast there and I do need to rave about it. It’s called David Burke’s Primehouse, so I was amazed that a place that seems like a steakhouse could do breakfast so well. I ate a blueberry muffin that was large &amp; can only be described as wall to wall blueberries. The waiter brought the coffee to the table in a carafe, which means so much to me, since I like my coffee burning hot and only like a half a cup at a time, so it doesn’t cool off too much. Do I sound spoiled and picky? I’m really not, just particular when it comes to food and coffee. My daughter ordered boring oatmeal that came with beautiful berries. She loved it. While we were waiting for our food, something called orange slushy appeared, complimentary, of course, because the chef knows “how hot it is out.” After I raved to the waiter about my muffin, he insisted that we try a sample of something off the dinner dessert menu. He brought an artfully presented dessert that lived up to it’s stylish presentation. Have you ever heard of cheesecake lollipops? Three arrived in different flavors; peanut butter, white chocolate raspberry and some kind of crispy, nutty flavor. Oh, there was strawberry mousse on the plate too. I have been dreaming and salivating about that dessert since. So, I want all the world to know, that I love the James!Now, I just have to convince my husband that only dumb tourists, who don’t know any better, stay at the Four Seasons.Note: The James will be opening in New York City and Miami Beach. Can’t wait to stay at the NYC James. Just wonder if the staff can possibly be as delightful and unjaded there as they are in Chicago.The James Hotel is located 55 E. Ontario. The phone number is [--]Believe it or not, no one paid me to write this.	
Jul 9 2007 	Awesome Stay	My wife and I stayed at the James for our anniversary on July 6-8. Upon checking in the staff upgraded us to a suite because of our anniversary. Rooms were very clean, we had two flat screen tv's in ours. Staff was very friendly and helpful and offered us some great advice on things to do, places to eat, etc.Can't recommend the James enough. Bed was unbelievable...probably the two best nights of sleep i have had in years!	
Jul 9 2007 	LOVED the James!!!!!	Spent two nights with 3 of my best girlfriends recently. Things we loved about the James: 1. Location.....couldn't be any better for easy access to shopping, dining and nightlife. 2. Service....by far the friendliest hotel staff I have ever encountered. 3. Decor.....eclectic and energetic. very hip!!!! 4. THE BED.....omg, they were heavenly!!!!!! 5. Products.....the Kiehl's products were awesome.....i found a new favorite shampoo.Things that you need to know: There are no vending machines in the hotel and the closet place to get a soda is a few blocks away. They bring you ice at turndown, but you'll have to call downstairs if you need more. Trader Joe's is across the street, but they don't have softdrinks.....they do have organic snacks and a good wine selection.	
Jul 2 2007 	Very Impressed!!! Will Return	I was desparate for a hotel after my first and Last night at the Inn of Chicago, it was horrible. I searched on expedia for a reasonable 4-star and happened to find The James. I checked out of the crappy hotel and into The James. Immediately, I was greeted by the bell captain and was escorted to the friendly reception desk. As I was being checked in I was impressed by the comtemporary design. The staff was abundant in their eagerness to welcome me. Once I got to my room, I fell in love with the decor that is sleek and inviting. The room service meal was excellent the three times I had ordered it. I didn't get a chance to use the 24hour gym and the spa, but I plan to return again. When there were problems, the staff apologized and worked immediately to correct it. So, great service, good food, and an incredibly comfortable room I must say that this made my trip!!!!	
Jun 26 2007 	Not Impressed!!!	My wife and I stayed at the James over Memorial Day weekend. We looked forward to getting away without our two young children for a nice quiet weekend alone. Upon arrival, they did not have our reservation that we had booked through Orbitz. Luckily, I had our confrimation printout and number. Nevertheless, they had to wait for Orbitz to fax over confirmation before giving us our room. Due to the inconvenience, they upgraded our room which was nice. I rooms were not very impressive, especially the bathrooms. I definitely expected more after what I had read. We used the valet service to park our car for the 3 nights we stayed. Upon departing, we realized that we had a substantial ding in our driver's side door. After contacting the James directly, they passed the buck by telling us that it was an independent company that handles their valet service. We have been getting the run around from both parties for weeks now. In conclusion, I would not recommend staying at the James under any circumstances.	
Jun 20 2007 	It's all about the bed!	First off, if you're tired and looking for a comfortable bed, this is the place to stay. The bed is a deep pillow-top mattress and the pillows are nice and fluffy - one of the most comfortable nights sleep I've ever had in a hotel.That being said, I found the James an interesting mix of over and underachievement. The rooms are nice looking and have very contemporary furniture. The HD screens are a nice touch and the staff is very friendly and helpful. However, we were on the top floor and the air conditioning couldn't keep up - the room was a bit warm and the outside temp was only the low 80's. Despite the contemporary look, the furniture is uncomfortable. In the bathroom, they have high-end soaps and lotions, but about the cheapest, roughest facial tissue and toilet paper possible, and in our room the overhead shower dripped, so it was more annoying than enjoyable.Overall, a nice place to stay in a great area - and you will get a good night's sleep. But if you're paying close to rack rate, it is overpriced.	
Jun 19 2007	Wonderful!	We stayed at the James Hotel for NeoCon and really loved it.The room decor was great, hotel room was clean, and nice turn down service. The hotel offers a business area with computers.Great bar and lounge area. They are two blocks off Michigan Ave.Plan on staying there again next year.	
Jun 11 2007 	Beautiful little boutique hotel...but beware of the city taxes	This is a nice hotel, perfectly situated for cruising Michigan Avenue. On a scale where boutique hotels like the Mondrian, the Delano or the Royalton are a 5 (practically perfect) then this would be a high 4. Staff was very accomodating and friendly. Rooms had some nice touches. Decor was beautiful and contemporary. Linens were great. (There was of course the usual $4 cans of coke and $10 bag of cashews, but you can steer clear of those). Water presuure was very very low on the evening we arrived. Called the front desk and the operator was willing to send someone up to check it. However it was clearly a system wide water supply problem, so we declined. By morning the water presuure was back to normal.Be forewarned. If you park a car there and once they add the city taxes to the bill the cost per night will be $100 more than the quoted rate. So our $340 room ended up being $440. Was it a $400 hotel? Probably not...but it's hard to find something much better in Chicago. That's life in the big city.	
Jun 11 2007 	Love the James	The James Hotel is HOT! Great beds, great design, great location. Will recommend this place for anyone visiting me in Chicago!	
Jun 7 2007 	Fine for Vacation	The James Chicago is another version of the Ian Schrager-style of minimalist chc over substance (a lighter version of The Royalton in NYC). In sum, an old property has been redone with some interesting touches, but still showing its age and old bones. The location, however, is nice and the rooms are bigger than most of Schrager's places, although the bathroom in my room was on the small side. I didn;t have any problems with room noise, but it was slow when I was there. Largest inconvenience for the business traveller was there was no desk in the room. Under $200 or for more than 40% below the Park Hyatt or Peninsula, and the James will do just fine.	
May 31 2007 	Wonderful stay! Highly recommend.	it's in a great location - just a few blocks off the State &amp; Grand stop on the Red Line. There is a Starbucks and Trader Joe's across the street, and plenty of shopping and dining within walking distance. When we checked in, we were offered a complimentary upgrade to a studio room, which was fantastic. We had a small living room area, with a plasma TV &amp; a mini-bar, and also small bottles of alcohol. Not cheap, but about the same as what you'd pay for any other mini-bar. They had a good selection. The room was fantastic - previous descriptions are accurate so I won't repeat them. We had drinks in the bar both nights - again, not cheap, but they make an AWESOME mojito. Also - when we were there, over Memorial Day weekend, both elevators are operational. This place was fantastic. We got a great deal on it through Hotwire, but we'll definitely go back.	
May 30 2007 	Our new home away from home in Chicago	I had stayed at The James on business a month prior, but brought Mrs. Davooda to celebrate my 44th birthday in the city in late May. We had a loft room (821) which I highly recommend though there is no view. Our rate was $299 for the first night and $269 the next two nights - we booked via the hotel but requested the TravelZoo rate. In a loft room you can bring your own movies to play on the projector (yes, your own projector TV with a Bose 5.1 surround system) or the front desk has a bunch from which you can choose. Check in: I had a difficult check-in and it had me wondering if I had made a mistake. Lisa from the front desk handled it well, though, (the room they gave me had no projector) and her manager offered to upgrade me to one of their executive apartments. I declined, though, as I really wanted the projector. When we bring the Davooda-offspring we will book an apartment.Concierge: Some of the best we've seen in Chicago and we've stayed at all the four-stars and some of the five-stars. Laura got us on the guest list at The Underground, Billy Dec's new club, and we had a great time - even had a hosted bar with free vodka drinks!Room service: we dined in our room twice and both times the delivery was on time and service was perfect. Even at 2:30 am the burger tasted like it had just come off the wood-fired grill! Worth the extra cost (though we had a 20% discount from TravelZoo)Bath: A walk-in shower, huge towels, and Kiehl's (I think) bath products make it a winner. Bed: huge and comfy - though kinda warm. Had to keep the AC cranked overnightMedia - two plasma TV's in addition to the projector, CD/radio with IPOD dockHousekeeping: turndown service around 6pm with a cookie was nice, and they give you all the ice you want (we travel with our own cooler so that's a plus)The Lobby Bar: good service, they make a good Manhattan and play this awesome world music that is very relaxing. Primehouse - did not dine here this time but had a great breakfast on the business tripJBar - We walked in and out - not much going on Saturday at midnight but, then again, it was Memorial Day weekend and Chicagoans typically leave townLocation: Couldn't be better. Trader Joe's right across the street for in-room noshing or a nice bottle of wine. Pizzeria Due - one of Chicago's best is one block west. (((TIP: Walk to Due's and order your pizza for pickup later. There is really no atmosphere at Due's and it's always packed, so pickup your pizza, asking them to cut the pizza and give you plastic plates and utensils, and enjoy it with a bottle of wine from Trader Joe's while watching a move in your room))) Michigan Avenue shopping is just one block east and Rush Street nightlife begins right outside the east door of The James. Bloomie's Home Store one block east. Our favorite thing: The attentive staff is very friendly and professional. We felt like &quot;big-shots&quot; the whole time. The Davoodas will be back!	
May 19 2007 	Great location especially at this rate	I very much enjoyed the James Hotel, especially since I got a rate of $169 through TravelZoo for a Deluxe Queen room.Check in was very quick and very professional. I had a room on the 16th floor, facing Ontario Street. I never, however, heard any street noise, or any noise, really. The room was very quiet. The room was very large, with room for a large chair and ottoman and a small table and bench/sofa, in addition to the queen size. bed.The decor was white, white, with more white, which I wasn't totally crazy about, but it wasn't too distracting.Free wi-fi everywhere in the hotel, and the room had an ipod docking station, or whatever those things are called... There was a very well stocked mini bar, as well as full bottles and a cocktail shaker for fixing more than one or two drinks.The bed was very, very comfortable, the TV was great, and the clock in the room was one of the kind that projects the time on the ceiling.Turn down service provided a cookie and placed the robe and slippers on the bed.There is a steakhouse in the hotel that serves breakfast and lunch as well as dinner. I didn't have the opportunity to dine there, but it was always very crowded. Check elsewhere for reviews.The location is two blocks west of Michigan Avenue and all its shopping. A few blocks farther east is Lake Michigan; great for a walk during warmer months (not so much in the middle of winter). The famous Pizzeria Due is down the street, and Trader Joe's is across the street if you want to pick up some things to have in the room to munch on.All in all, a great stay! I would definitely return, and highly recommend it to all.	
May 18 2007 	Hip 	My husband and I took a trip to Chicago to explore the city and for the amazing food! Stayed from May 4-7.We got an amazing deal for our room at hotwire.com. Which is a travel website where they show you the price, stars, and general location of the hotel in the city you wish to say. They don't tell you which hotel you are getting for the price though. And once booked, cannot be canceled. It was much cheaper than any other online travel site so we decided to take our chances and purchased the hotel deal. After we purchased the hotel deal, we were shown which hotel we were getting. And The James it was!!!! We were very excited since it was about a 60% savings compared to booking anywhere else. Check-in-Very easy check in process and polite employees. Room-We were on the 16th floor with a view of Rush St. It was a great view!!! We could hear some of the outside sounds of the city but it was not an issue for us. The decor is very neat, everything is new considering this is a new hotel in an old remodeled building. The rooms are a good size and has a flat screen tv and a little nook with a small cushion and table to eat at or work. Their is a small mini bar and fridge filled with costly drinks, alcohol and snacks. Several informational books about Chicago to give you ideas of what to do while you are there. There were two bath robes provided and two pairs of red slippers in plastic packaging that you can keep. The beds were so comfortable and my husband raved about how good of a nights sleep he had each night.Bathroom-Decent sized with a wardrobe and full length mirror. Door is a funky sliding door, however when we 1st got in our room it was off it's tracks. But husband put it back on the tracks. Lovely grey tile in shower and floors and bowl style sink. Well stocked with several towels. Kiehl's brand toilletries was a nice surprise. I love Kiehls! Hair dryer and ironing supplies in room. Location-Perfect location which was walking distance to the bars and clubs on Rush st., a movie theater, shopping on mag mile and great places to eat such as Pizzeria Duo, Giordano's &amp; Portillo's for Chicago stlye hot dogs. We took taxi's to Navy Pier, Shedd Aquarium and The Field Musuem.Internet-2 computers available in lobby which you can check your email and even use the printer which we used to print our boarding passes for our flight back home. For a fee, you can acccess internet in your room using the flat screen tv. But the computers in the lobby are free.Hotel also has a fitness room and massage spa which we did not use. Overall, we had a pleasant stay and love The James.	
May 10 2007 	Darned Interesting place	I got a great rate through Travel Zoo after seeing tons of good press on this place. It's a little pretentious, but interesting. The more I think about it, the more I like it. They upgraded us to a suite since it was a birthday trip and even had special treats in the room for us. When I wrote afterwards to thank them and ask for the recipe, they emailed the recipe and then mailed a big box of goodies to my home. LOVELY customer service. Only problem is that one elevator was down and the wait time was long, but not a crisis. The location is terrific for MagMile shopping and eating and Trader Joe's is right across the street to grab some fresh things to munch on. We generally stay at the Conrad and it has more of a gracious vibe to it, but this was fun for a change. It seemed the folks sitting in the lobby were all young and beautiful and very hip, but the rooms were fun; check out the mini-bar, it's a hoot.	
Apr 16 2007 	Swwwanky!	The best part of this hotel is the staff. From the moment you walk in and you're greeted by the smiling and beautiful desk clerks (not pretentious, just gracious) to the bell hop helping you get a cab. It's just a great staff without the &quot;attitude&quot;. Rooms are modern with some cool gadgets (MP3 player for your iPod, clock radio that glows against the wall when the lights are dim, beautiful flat panel TV, free wireless internet), comfortable beds (some of the nicest I've ever stayed in) and a nicely stocked bar (half bottles of Grey Goose, Johnny Walker Black, etc. etc.). Of course the items in the mini bar were expensive but you’re in a hotel room with a back lit min-bar, not a grocery store. The only thing that is preventing me from giving this hotel a 5 is that during my visit one of the elevator’s wasn’t working (minor annoyance that they were working on but if you want a perfect 5 you have to be perfect). Overall it was much more fun to stay at the James than at any of your other cookie cutter chains. This place just has a good vibe.	
Apr 4 2007 	nashville guy loves The James	I stayed at The James for one night and loved it. The rooms are large and very cool. The bathroom was above average as well. I highly recommend this hotel as the staff was excellent.	
Mar 28 2007 	Everything the W wishes it was	The &quot;W&quot; tries so hard to be trendy and hip; but instead comes off as pretentious. After staying at both now, we agree that The James is everything the &quot;W&quot; wishes it was. Even though the &quot;W&quot; was very nice, we feel that the quality of the overall experience was better at The James.We were looking for a great deal on an upscale modern hotel. Just so happened they were offering a special at The James. After reading several of the reviews here we were reluctant to stay. The website made it look wonderful, but some of those reviews made us weary. Boy we were glad we went! It was one of the most wonderful hotel experiences we've ever had.They really take care of you there. The staff were very friendly and kind. We were impressed with the Kiehl's amenities, their soft cotton bath towels and the delicious cookies left on the bed along with soft robes and slippers. They also provide two down and two fluffy pillows so that people with different preferences have their pick.The bed was so comfortable, with a big down duvet and quality high count sheets. We got a standard King room which had a huge plasma TV. The room was so tastefully decorated; clean and modern without over doing it. (Please see our pictures). We could appreciate that being into design.Now the location: Couldn't be better! Michigan Ave is a block or two over, Pizzeria Uno and Due are around the corner, there's a Trader Joe's grocery store across the street, a Lowe's Cineplex around the corner, Room &amp; Board furniture two blocks away and you're one block from Rush street where it's filled with stores and restaurants. Plus it was a short 10 minute walk to our favorite Bagel place -Einstein's.We couldn't believe how much we scored on all fronts with our hotel. The comfort of the room , the location and the kind staff. We've found our gem in the city!	
Feb 1 2007 	Perfect Perfect Perfect	We stayed at the James for 3 nights. On the second day we were informed that due to a tiny hole in our sink (which we did not notice) we were being upgraded to a suite. Incredible service from top to bottom. request were handled immediately. Most comfortable hotel bed we have ever experienced. Even the travel soaps/lotions supplied were top notch Kiehls. Definately try the restaurant. Breakfast was perfect. Treat yourself to the &quot;fill your own&quot; donut holes. Really amazing. the whole experience was just great. We will stay at The James everytime we go to Chicago from now on.	
Feb 1 2007 	Really cool place-wonderful service	I found this wonderful Hotel ! The location is awesome, just minutes away from all the shopping, Restaurants and Bars you could possibly want . I was in town for an interview, so I was really nervous . I ended up suggesting the Hotel Restaurant for my interview and they took such a good care of us, they made me feel so comfortable that I was hardly nervous at all. And the place was pack!  The room was superb! Really cool design . I had a room they call an apartment, and it was fantastic! The natural light you get in this room is awesome, and I am very sensitive to dark places. They have a full bar in the room , which I was able to use to entertain my friends that night.I went to the gym for a little bit of exercise and I have to say I have never seen such a extensive facility in a hotel. All the staff made me feel like I was family. They were available to me at any time, and so friendly !I will definitely be back for another stay.	
Jan 31 2007 	The Best Anniversary Ever	Not only did the people at the James do an incredible job of taking care of us but they really bent over backwards to make our anniversary the best ever. They congratulated us upon check in and they had even sent us a little something to our room, compliments of the staff. Dinner at the restaurant was delicious, I felt as though we were the only people in the room even though it was packed. The bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in and the very cool media room was perfect to cuddle and watch a movie. I could not have asked for a better way to spend such a special night.	
Jan 27 2007 	James Journey	Our journey to the James was business/pleasure. The hotel is located within easy walking distance to shopping and restaurants. The hotel staff was very helpful and check in was a breeze. The rooms were clean and plenty roomy. The feather bed and comforter were very comfortable. We had a room on the 14th floor on Ontario street a little noisy but earplugs took care of that. The only complaint was the valet parking. I thought 40 dollars per night was a little steep. When we checked out it took over a half an hour to get our car. There is a parking garage on Ontario for half the price which I would recommend. I asked for a good place to have breakfast and the front desk recommended WEST EGG three blocks from the hotel. I had the eggs benidict which was very good and my bill was less than $10.	
Jan 22 2007 	Very Cool Boutique Hotel	I recently stayed at the James for a girls' weekend and thoroughly enjoyed my stay. The staff was very attentive, from the front desk to the doorman to the bellhop. The lounge area was very chic and a great place to catch a drink or chill out. Our room on the 16th floor had a decent view in comparison to the other rooms I've read about in these reviews. I would recommend trying to secure a room on the upper floors when you make your reservation. The room decor was super cool and very techy - loved the bedside clock which projected the time on the ceiling. Also the location was great and we could walk to the Mag Mile and many restaurants/attractions. I would definitely stay at the James again and would highly recommend it if you're looking for a hip, boutique location in downtown Chicago.	
Jan 21 2007 	One night winter getaway...	We decided to get away for one night due to a canceled family event in California--so we took a short road trip from home in the Milwaukee area to Chicago to see a show and stay over. We heard the James was the hot set-up right now. so we thought we would try it out for a night. We booked on their website which worked fair. I called to confirm on the phone just to be sure and they were very professsional. I asked if they had a fitness facility and they said yes they had a big one. I asked about spa services and they said they could arrange them. My impression was this was going to be a very luxurious experience--and all for $209--not bad. We arrived there and a person helped us with our luggage from the trunk of the car--I gave him a tip but he didn't do much--I thought he would take us to the room--he just rolled the suitcases a few feet from the car to the front desk and left. We were going to a theater at Watertower but the concierge had no idea how to precisely direct us to the door of the theater since Watertower is a big complex. The hotel building is an older Holiday Inn style high rise with small elevators, halls and doorways. The standard room is tiny and there are no mirrors in the main room so if someone is in the bathroom there are no mirrors for the other person. The bathroom is remodelled but the original tub is there only repainted. The bathroom door slides back and forth but it was off the track and didn't slide smoothly. It turns out there was no spa--it was off site, a major disappointment, as we had hoped to book a massage and facial. The fitness facility stairs were closed off with plastic so you had to take the back receiving area, metal service stairs past the garbage smelling kitchen and enter it the back way into a dungeon-like basement area. There were foam cups and a pitcher of water, but the pitcher was empty except for ice. They offered passes for an outside club called Crunch, but this was several cold blocks away also in a basement. There was no supervision in the fitness room, and the one guest working out at the time was blaring one of the ceiling mounted TVs in the room with ESPN, even though his treadmill had its own TV with a headphone jack. The guest would not give the courtesy of turning it down, so you couldn't use your iPod becausee you coudn't hear it over the ceiling hung TV. We ate at the hotel's Primehouse which was excellent. Figure at least $75 per person. In conclusion we thought during that initial call to confirm the reservation they should have told us clearly about the lack of on-premise spa and the workout room construction. I mentioned this at checkout and received $50 off. Yes, the plasma TV was amazing, but all in all I would recommend the Omni for the same price range, and althought we like to try new things, this, like the W Chicago Lakeshore still has the bones of a 1960's Holiday/Day's Inn and you can't cover this up no matter how hard you try. This was not a luxury experience by any stretch.	
Dec 31 2006 	We really wanted to like The James...	My wife and I live in the near-Chicago suburbs and have children, so when we have the opportunity to get away, we often try to spend the night downtown at a hotel. From what we had seen and heard we were very excited about the James and dinner at the Primehouse downstairs.Initial ImpressionsOur initial impression was positive. The front desk seemed friendly and helpful and the lobby, while nothing special, was in line with the modern and clean look we were expecting. The room was well furnished, clean and cool lines and while not large, the 42 inch plasma TV made the room feel larger (because the room didnt have any furniture in front of the bed). The little eating nook was a neat touch and the bed was extremely comfortable. On the downside, the bathtub was basically a half-bath, and is not really suitable if an adult wants to take a long bath. Business travellers may not care, but couples looking to get away may be disappointed. The bathroom is fine, just nothing special. The room did not have the feel of luxury, but it was not exactly cheap either (although my wife got the feeling the entire room was furnished by West Elm).One other nice touch is the laser clock, the kind that projects the time on the ceiling. I always thought those things were sort of silly, but now I am considering getting one from my house. Instead of having to sit up and crane my neck to see the clock next to my wife I just needed to look up- very cool.The PrimehouseWithout a doubt the highlight of the evening. If you are going to stay at the James go to the Primehouse. I am a steak eater and my wife is not and we both loved it. There is no question we will go back. I would put it up with my favorites of Morton's and the Chicago Chop House and a step above others like the Capital Grill, Gibsons, Ruth Chris, etc. I was not expecting the food to be so good, but it was a very pleasant surprise. That chocolate 13 layer cake is no joke.ProblemsOk, so you might ask why the the average review? Everything was going really well until about 1am when the person in the room next to us decided to have a couple of friends over and have a party until about 5:30 am. Since the entire purpose of us going out was to get some much needed sleep, the noise coming from next door (I am assuming, it might have been even further down the hall) was a literal nightmare. It took numerous visits by security for this joker to quiet down. In fact, after the first visit this miscreant seemed emboldened. I am not saying that this is necessarily the hotel's fault, however it shouldnt have taken 4 hours to rectify the situation and they should have, in my opinion comped the room at that point (which they did not). I can just imagine if I was staying at the Ritz-Carlton or the Park Hyatt (our favorite by the way) how this would have been handled. I am not sure if its a lack of professionalism of the staff, inexperience or an unwillingness to just deal with the situation, but this could have and should have been handled better.So after a rough night, we wanted to get a good breakfast in before heading home. My wife ordered breakfast at 9:45 and they said it would be 30 mins. At 10:30 she called and was told &quot;the food is on its way up now.&quot; At 11:15 she called and was told that the elevator was broken and the room service person was having trouble getting the food upstairs. Finally at a little after 11:30 the food arrived. We asked if the food was going to be hot, concerned it might have sat around because of the mechanical problems, and the room service waiter looked at us confused. No, the food had just been prepared, the elevator was fine and everything was hot. We really have no idea what happened, but it was unacceptable (especially when a pregnant woman wanted to eat far sooner). Yes, breakfast was comped, however our room had a continental with the stay, so we only had a few extras like an omelet for my wife.Final ThoughtsRoom was nice (not great, but nicer than average-TV was cool), service was mixed, Primehouse great and the 2pm checkin/checkout is fantastic. I cant decide if I will give them another chance. If you can get a decent deal, then stay there, but Im not sure Id pay market rates. We compared the bill with the bill from our last stay at the Park Hyatt and for $100 more total (room, parking, food (dinner and breakfast), etc) I think its a no brainer we would have stayed at the Park (again these are different types of hotels).	
Dec 18 2006 	Top Notch Boutique Hotel	Beautiful rooms. Friendly Staff. Clean. Convenient location near Michigan Avenue and the Loop. Best hotel gym	
Dec 16 2006 	go somewhere else	We have stayed in Chicago at the Ritz, the Four Seasons and The Penninsula at comparable rates to the James. The James is not even close in caliber to these others. The trendy decor is cool, but the quality of the rooms and service are more Motel 6 than 4 Seasons. We had a remote that didn't work, a window that was broken, a towel rack that was hanging off the wall, toilet backed up and loud elevators in the hallway. I spoke to the manager and he said they would do something to take care of the problems. He never did. Also, we were celebrating our anniversary and they knew it since I told them when we checked in. I'm used to these things being acknowledged when staying at $400 per night hotels. Every year we go to downtown Chicago for our anniversary and will never go back here. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.	
Dec 15 2006 	Great Urban Experience	We were in Chicago last weekend after business in the suburbs earlier in the week. For an exhilirating, interesting weekend, we searched for a modern boutique hotel located in an active neighborhood. Once confirming that construction is finished at the James, we booked and got exactly what we were looking for. The hotel is beautiful in that sleek, sparse kind of way. Does it try to be trendy and hip? Yes, but it's comfortable enough that the vibe is sexy rather than pretentious. The rooms were spacious, very well-appointed, and quiet. The beds were very comfortable and the amenities were all generous. The service was accomodating and eager to please. The location is pretty perfect for shopping, sightseeing, and eating. My only complaint would be the quality of the concierge services. Though responsive to our inquiries, the concierges connected to the same Internet sites I did, and couldn't offer any connections that we could have used. Perhaps as the hotel matures the concierges could be of more use. I'd recommend the James for anyone in the mood for the hipster vibe, luxury, and urban pace.	
Nov 28 2006	a mixed bag	I am somewhere in between those who rave about the James and those who say it is terrible- but definitley side more with the positive reviewers. There were a few problems of staff unresponsiveness, and a drawer broken in the room, but I love the asthetics of the property so much- modern and artsy- I'd stay there again. But only on a discounted rate.	
Nov 21 2006 	Did not exceed expectations	The James Hotel is a small modern hotel. Views are very limited in this hotel, it is not a tall hotel and building is blocked on three sides with large buildings. Courtyard view is poor and makes you feel a little depressing. The staff were nice but check-in did not go smoothly. We checked in at 7pm and were told our room was not ready... and then had to wait another 20min. We booked a &quot;loft suite&quot; but by no means was this a suite. Suite's usually are 1 bdroom separated by a door. this was not the case. It was also not a &quot;loft&quot; Loft = high ceilings, exposed beams, exposed brick walls, and large windows. The television by the bed did not work. The projector in the &quot;media&quot; room also did not work. There were only three towels in the bathroom. At around $385 for the room, I expected more.	
Nov 14 2006	Fabulous!	Really nice hotel in an excellent location!I work in Chicago and stay here in various hotels every week, but with rates being insane lately, this was the cheapest place I could find. And it has truly exceeded my expectations!Starting with very helpful doormen, the staff is wonderful - front desk was very friendly and welcoming. The room was beautiful - I liked the minimalist style. Had a suite, and everything was very well-thought-out. The bathroom is gorgeous - slate and marble, very modern. Even found a glass LED scale under the sink (though it obviously needed calibration....ok, maybe not) Ooh, and the linens are lovely. The location is great - right down from Michigan Avenue and near some wonderful restaurants, not to mention the Red Line train.And their sense of humor is great - they can't do anything about the big brick building right at the edge of the U-shaped courtyard, but they project lights on it that look like windowson buildings, with little stick people running around in a parody of downtown Chicago.I highly recommend this hotel, and as someone who lives in hotels 45 weeks a year, that is strong praise.	
Nov 12 2006	The James is Exceptional	I have now stayed at the James for a total of 4 nights and I really do not want to write this review because I'm afraid everyone will read it and will try to stay there. Then it will become so popular that I won't be able to find a room! But alas, I must share my joy with everyone. I usually stay at the House of Blues in Chicago and no more. The James is Luxury Boutique Chic. Think what the W wants to be, tries to do, the James delivers. From the moment you step out of your cab, they make you feel like a VIP. The service at the front desk is top notch. The rooms are unbelievable. Totally modern. Wi-fi is so fast and convenients. Kiehl's products in the bathroom. The all white bed feels like heaven with an extraordinary pillow top. All rooms (I've stayed in 4 different King Size Studios) have large plasma screens. The alarm clock even projects the time on the ceiling so you don't have to turn around in the bed to see the time. My wake up calls have always been right on time. I ordered breakfast once and it came fast and was so fresh. I have had an awesome facial and mini-manicure at the spa which is reasonably priced and so awesome to have the short version of the services. Oh, the hotel is located two blocks from Nordstrom and one block from shopping on Michigan Ave. And I don't want to leave out the unbelieveable service and food at the Primehouse steak restaurant adjacent to the hotel. The ribeye (aged 30 days) and basil whipped potatoes are to die for. The service is one of the best I've received both times I dined. Great wine menu. Oh, I love the James so much. It's my new hotel and I can't wait to go back next week! I'm so glad I get to travel on business to Chicago - all because I stay at the James. If you're traveling on business, the James makes you feel like you'r e on vacation. If you're on vacation, you know that you've walked into something special. Did I mention how courteous the concierge is? Oh, they are so helpful. And every morning you get your choice of 6 different newspapers. Not just USA Today. And I know how everyone likes to read negative stuff, so I'll say this. Last weekend it was raining and they ran out of mini-umbrellas for guests to use. I didn't care b/c I had brought my own. So if I had to complain about something it would be that they need to have enough mini-umbrellas for everyone. Oh, but how cute to have mini umbrellas in the first place. Most places give you those obnoxious large ones to carry around.	
Nov 12 2006 	Overpriced 	Booked it through expedia and stayed there for 5 nights- The location is excellent but major issues:- Remote control for the nice plasma TV doesn't work- called frontdesk- they promised to solve it but nothing was done in 5 days! Can you imagine ??-Rooms are clean but very small-bathroom is clean as well as linen -Room cleaning skipped for 1 day- shampoo wasn't replaced for 3 consecutive days (despite notifying frontdesk several times)- Wrote a note to manager and left it with frontdesk about the above issues- he never took an action/ even I emailed him after leaving the hotel- he never replied.In summary- If you're paying that much in downtown Chicago- there are many alternativesOverall: Big disappointment / 1-star is more than enough for their service	
Nov 7 2006 	On the Verge of Luxury	The James Chicago is a new concept that deserves attention. It is almost as if they started with W Hotels, took everything that was a problem, and made it right.This hotel has a feel that edges on luxury, but concentrates on the &quot;cool&quot; market as opposed o the luxury market. This is not a Four Seasons, but it is an experience that will leave you with a sense that someone concentrated on differentiating the hotel, while still keeping the elements that frequent hotel guests as well as business consumers would want.Note: This is not your parent's hotel. No matter the age, a guest will appreciate the experience, but I would say that the rooms here would skew MUCH more to the 25-45 crowd.Pros:-Staff: Phenomenal. Not only were they efficient and professional, I was impressed that they were able to infuse attitude that was not condesending or &quot;too cool,&quot; while still making the check-in to to check-out process top notch.-Cool Factor: The entire experience is &quot;cool.&quot; From the flat screen TVs to the &quot;projector rooms&quot; in the suite rooms (we were lucky enough to be upgraded through a promotion), this place just exudes cool. The entire time you are there, you feel that the little things in the room make the place over the top. -Little Things: Kiels bath amenities, comfortable beds, stereos in rooms, and a focus on &quot;wow&quot; factors make this hotel unlike any other. You will be imressed.-Food: Primehouse is really amazing. Order the selction of desserts...AMAZING.-Comfort: You will be comfortable in the room regardless of what part of the room you are in... you will sleep, watch TV, and bathe well.-Business Amenities: Big rooms, free internet, work space, comfort, and a restaurant that is terrific for client entertaining. Just a winner overall.Cons:-Too cool: The lobby leaves you feeling underwhelmed, as do the the areas as you get off the elevator. You feel much more cool than you do Luxury. This gives a sense of oxymoron as you induldge in top quality products yet feel that they are a little out of place here.-Age Factor: To be honest, I wonder what someone above 50 would feel like if they stayed here. The technolgy alone is enough to confuse people of any age, but the place could be too much for an older crowd. I wonder if the older crowd would feel welcome...especially at the price-point.-Value: As I said earlier, this has a &quot;W Plus&quot; feel. If you like W, you will absolutey LOVE The James. If you thought W was over the top, you will not like The James. If you get an upgraded room, the value is terrific, though.Overall, this hotel is highly recommended. I would say that the feel skews much younger, especially for the price-point. This is perfect if yoy want to say, &quot;Wow, that was not what I was expected. The hotel was much better than expected, and it had many wow factors.&quot; Then, this is your place. Try it out, it is the most fun in Chicago.	
Nov 4 2006 	Great Stylish Hotel	Stayed at The James Chicago for our anniversary and couldn't have been happier. The hotel is very stylish and modern and everyone from the doorman to the front desk attendent were very friendly. The location is great and the rooms are super stylish and modern. I would stay here again anytime. We got the room through priceline and when we arrived the room we had reserved wasn't available, but without even asking the front desk upgraded us to a suite that had a seating area. The room we had was a bit on the small side but it wasn't enough to complain about at all. Overall a great hotel, will definately consider staying here the next time we are in Chicago.	
Oct 29 2006 	Liked it BUT it tries too hard to be trendy	The James Hotel has many pluses, it's location being one. Located within 30 seconds of Michigan Avenue, it's aperfect hotel for those planning to tread the Magnificent Mile.The lobby is small but adequate. It did smell of gas (the natural, heating kind) and this smell persisted despite us alerting staff to it on more than one occasion.The room was stark. I've stayed in other trendy hotels but the James lacks the warm touches, even a red chair made the room feel bleak. Having said that, it was a large room for a city centre hotel and well furnished and equipped. The plasma tv and entertainment centre including a mp3 player connection were apreciated. The bed was exquisitey comfortable.Top marks to the bathroom. The door slides and was a little heavy but it was stylish yet functional. Dr Kiehls toiletries were well received. The shower was powerful and the towels soft.All in all I would return, but only through hotwire/priceline again, the hotel's price list is a little steep.	
Oct 14 2006	Perfect stay at the James	This has been the most comfortable of all my experiences in hotels. From the front door you are greeted with a smile, the modern simplistic design is inviting, the room was spacious and bright. Room service was there twice during the day. David Burke's resturant was a super plus. I would come back	
Oct 10 2006 	Think modern. Great hotel for the century...	Excellent Stay!!For those travelers who are jaded by the martini's and simplicity, stay somewhere else. Very trendy, close to shopping, resturants and night life.	
Sep 24 2006 	Loved It - Going back again	We stayed at this for a long weekend in July. We loved it so much we are going back for Thanksgiving (we are from Canada). This hotel is a boutique hotel so does not have the huge entrance/lobby you may expect. The rooms are beautiful with flat screen TV's, modern decor, duvets and very comfortable beds. The location is perfect if you want to be close to Michigan ave. The restaurant on site is excellent ...huge portions of meat ... try the martinis they rock!!	
Sep 5 2006 	Lacks Attention to Detail	The best thing this hotel has going for it is its workout facility. The location is not bad either but dont expect a view. Our room was a studio suite on the 17th floor. It was adequate, but for all the hype, lacked attention to detail. For example, the air conditioning was noisy, the safe was too high for a normal sized person to reach comfortably, there were no shelves or drawers, the shower was nothing special with a standard motel 6 style tub and unreliable water pressure. Additionally, we did not recieve turn down service or for that matter, much in the way of housekeeping. The conscierge line was busy for two hours so we made our own reservations for dinner. The mimimalist martini motif is a tad overdone and unoriginal- the bar in the room had 4 glasses for martinis but none for champagne. But hey, at least the bed was comfortable.	
Aug 31 2006 	Cool and Trendy Hipster Hotel	Stayed here for business and it was great! FREE wireless internet can't be beat. The beds are super comfortable. The gym is AWESOME!!! used it everyday and the equipment is super new w/ TVs attached to the equipment. Plasma tvs are a nice modern touch. So what wasn't up too par? Not too much- you can kind of tell certain things still need to be renovated... or you can tell that certain rooms are products of a patch up renovation job...I'm sure this will change w/ time...room service menu a little lacking...and no desk to work in the room??? That's a little strange since they hold quite a few business meetings.Other than that, great hotel w/ a fun vibe and close to a TON of restaurants/shopping. Not a bad choice if you are going to be in Chicago...price is a bit steep but when all the details get ironed out it may be worth it.	
Aug 29 2006 	Just Fine	The best thing the new James has going for it is its publicist. You simply cannot open a travel magazine without stumbling accross an article on some aspect of the hotel. The truth is the James is absolutley fine. But make no mistake, you've seen it all before...self conscious design, minimalist decor, determinedly groovy ambiance. The brand new rooms (ours was deluxe, but many overlook and inner court) are smallish, failry stark yet full of amenities. The gym is terrific, as is should be. One of the owners is the man behind the Equinox chain.Would I stay here again? Probably not. On the high end The Penninsula, Park Hyatt and Four Seaons are our favorites. In the mid price rage the Sofitel is a better bet..especially if you opt for the amazingly reasonable Executive suite or sprawling one bedroom. The James, for all its attempts is a little bit ordinary.	
Aug 22 2006 	Awesome but BEWARE	Recently booked a long weekend at The James, with hardly any other reviews to rely upon. It is truly unique - hip, trendy and cool. The room and amenities were beyond our expectations (ugh, except for the worst smelling toiletries ever/bring your own. With so many negative comments you would think they would have changed them by now). The location could not be better and the staff was professional and accommodating on every level. The gym is outstanding and, although we didn't have the opportunity to try it, we heard the restaurant was excellent. OK - now the bad part. PLEASE BEWARE - if you have, or even suspect that you have an allergy to down or feathers do not stay here. What I thought was the most wonderful bedding and linens I had ever experienced, sent me to the ER, making me miss the entire last day of my stay. I was covered with head to toe fiery hives for which I was prescribed some pretty heavy-duty medications. Although the staff apologized profusely and housekeeping changed out all the bedding, I suspect the allergens had permeated the entire room. Immediately upon returning home, the rash cleared. The hotel does offer non-allergenic alternatives, but if you are at all in doubt, don't take the chance. Some reactions are far more serious than a rash. Such a pity since The James would have been my first choice for a return trip to Chicago.	
Aug 17 2006	Okay at The James	Date: August 12, 2006Reviewer: from Lincoln, NebraskaOur stay at The James was quite nice. The rooms were reasonably sized, with contemporary furnishings (think W Hotel chain). The 40&quot; flat-screen TVs were quite nice. They advertise Ipod connections to their in-room stereo, but I had no luck getting it to work.The hotel is very well located, if you want to stay near Michigan Avenue. The workout facilities were as nice as I've seen in a hotel. Great workout equipment and plenty of it. Staff seemed quite good, except our room wasn't cleaned until 2pm or 3pm. Around 4pm, they appear for turndown service! The bellman was very nice and helpful, and front desk staff was competent. Didn't get a chance to try the bar, but it appeared lively. Overall, a nice stay and will likely return.	
Aug 15 2006 	a pleasant and upbeat experience		
Aug 2 2006 	James was OK but not fantastic		
Jul 31 2006	Great hotel find and location		
Jul 31 2006 	Delightful hotel		
Jul 31 2006 	Great Hotel Great Location		
Jul 27 2006 	Okay if you don't mind walking in on total strangers		
Jul 25 2006 	Very Disappionted with The James		
Jun 28 2006	Absolutely Fantastic...		
Jun 9 2006 	James Hotel is Tops		
May 27 2006 	Great Concept great location		
Nov 24 2009 	Excelente hotel. Volveremos		
Jul 29 2008 	Magnique Hôtel		
